BDSM Library - White victim




White victim
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: White girl were captured by two black women and trained to be a painslut. The story ends up with a public catfighting event.
White victim
by Allene
email: ALB21335@aol.com




                                     White Victim by Allene
                                     *******************
I guess maybe I have spent too much time in liberal schools. In any case I had
been feeling guilty about the "Black Womens" plight and when I saw a little
blurb in the paper about a discussion of "The Black womans Experience" I decided
to go. After all Daddy had left me a ton of money so I didn't have to work and I
was a little bored

It didn't occur to me to dress a little down to go so I put on my white cashmere
dress that goes so well with my blonde hair and tan skin.

The meeting was not in one of the "Nice," neighborhoods but at least it was not
on the list I had picked up at the police station as neighborhoods to avoid to
keep from being robbed or carjacked.

The meeting was being held in a little church which was reassuring.As soon as I
walked in I realized this was a mistake since I was the only white woman there.
I turned to leave but a big Black woman grabbed my arm and said, "Welcome. Let
me take you to a seat."

I could not think of an excuse to give her so I let her lead me by the hand to a
seat near the back. I thought I could sneak out later.

The discussion was nothing like the ones I had gone to before at college with
respect and decorum. This was the "Jerry Springer Show" with a lot of yelling,
cursing and hitting.

I began to get up but then two black women plumped themselves down on each side
of me. One said, "What are you doin here White lady? Slummin?"

"No, I feel guilty about what the white man has done to you and I wanted to
learn more about the black woman's problem to see if I could help. I do have
some connections in political circles." This was true. I had given a lot of
money to politicians who appealed to me and they will do anything for a buck.

"Well you aint goin to learn anything here.All these bitches have their own ax
to grind. Why don't you come to our place so we can show you how we live and
have a nice cup of tea and a quiet talk."

That was a great excuse to leave. I really had no intention of going with them.
I just assumed I would be following them in my car and I could slip away
somewhere along the way.

"When we got out to the street I pointed out my Mercedes and said, "That is my
car. I'll follow you."

"Bad idea. In our neighborhood that car will be ripped off in five minutes. You
had better ride with us."

"I don't know I don't have much time."

"It aint far. the meeting was supposed to last till five so I know you have that
much time."

I realized that I was acting like the sterotyped white woman afraid of blacks so
I said, "Okay. Sure. I can spare that much time."

We drove for miles on the freeway then she turned off on an exit and
said,"Honey. I think you should lay down on the back seat to stay out of sight.
We are going to be goin through some bad neighborhoods on the way to our place."

That scared me and I laid down not realizing that meant I had no idea where I
was going or how to get back.

We finally parked and Georgia, the first one who had talked to me. said,"Okay
the street is empty. Lets go."

Bess, the other woman helped me out of the car and led me up the stairs to a
shabby apartment house. As soon as we went in I knew I was seeing my first slum.
These people were hogs. The walls were covered with graffiti and the floor was
littered with beer bottles and cigarette butts.

I was a little relieved when I went into their apartment. It was also shabby but
at least it was fairly clean.

I sat down on the sofa while Bess made tea. Georgia said, "You look a little out
of place in that fancy dress and it might get dirty. Let me get you something
more comfortable to wear.My old roommate was your size and she left some
clothes."

I had just had the dress cleaned so that seemed like a good idea. Also if I was
dressed like them they may feel more comfortable and friendly with me."

She came back with a dress folded over her arm and said,"Take that off and I
will hang it up for you."

I hesitated feeling a little embarassed then thought I was being silly. I had
changed clothes hundreds of times in front of women at the tennis club.

I took it off while she watched with an intensity I assumed was just curiosity
about how white women looked. She took it from me and handed me the dress..

She said,"You had better take off the bra too. This dress will show the bra
straps.In hindsight this was stupid. Who cared about bra straps just sitting
around an apartment but my Mother had always been very strict about no underwear
showing so I took it off.

I blushed when she said, "Nice tits. A lot of black women have droopy boobs
yours are real perky." This wasn't like undressing in the tennis club where
no-one paid any attention to you. She was staring. I put on the dress as quickly
as possible only to find it was much too small. There were just strings to hold
up a deep "V" shaped top that exposed my cleavage nearly to the nipples and the
dress was so short it barely covered my ass. I realized I looked like the whores
I had seen on TV and was glad we were alone in the apartment."

Bess came in and said, "Oh yeah. Now you are getting an idea of how we live.All
the young good lookin black girls dress like that."

Georgia said, "Tell me about yourself."

"Well I am single now and my divorce gave me enough money to live so I don't
have to work. I have time to help your cause."

"Uh huh. Do you live alone then. Any relatives?

"Yes,Mom and Dad are dead and I was an only child."

"I see. Close friends though I'll bet."

"No not really. My friends and I travel a lot so we don't get real close."

It didn't occur to me that I was letting them know I would not be missed by
anyone if I didn't go home.

"Now then. "What do you know about blacks and what do you want to know?"

Well I don't know much. I took a history course on slavery which must have been
awful for you but not much after that."

"Well a lot of that slave mentality still exists and you have no idea what that
was like do you?"

"I guess not."

"Right! Let's give you a little taste. Imagine I am the boss white lady and you
are the slave. Get up."

I hesitated but then i was an actress of sorts having appeared in school plays
and maybe role playing would help me understand.

I got up and she said, "Georgia, This bitch slave has not been showing proper
respect for her white masters."

"Right! Bitch kneel down you have no right to stand in front of your masters.."

I knelt and said, "Oh yes. I am getting the idea. It must have been awful to
have to be so submissive."

"You are just getting a taste. Bess, why is this slave in these fine clothes..
Why isn't she wearing the flour sack dress that was given to her."

"She must have stolen it. Take off that dress. Bitch!"

I gulped and said, "I don't want to act this out any further."

"Bitch! do you think real slaves had any choice. Take it off or you will be
punished."

"No. This is going too far. I have the idea."

"No. Now you will get the idea. Grab her Georgia..Bend her over the couch. I am
going to give her an idea of what is was like to refuse."

I fought but I am only 5' 4" and weigh 110. Georgia was nearly six feet all and
must have weighed about 190. I didn't have a chance.

She bent me over the couch with me still fighting but then she slapped my face
so hard I saw stars and said,"Settle down Bitch. You wanted to know what it was
like to be black."

I slumped and moaned, "No! I want to go home. I have learned enough. Stop or
I'll scream."

"Scream your head off Bitch. People here are used to hearing women scream. They
pay as much attention as car alarms going off."

I suddenly realized I was trapped. even if they let me go I had no idea where I
was and I thought I would only get a few blocks before getting mugged. I had
heard taxis would not go into these neighborhoods.

Bess went to a drawer and brought back a thick leather strap saying, "This is
just one of the minor things slave owners used to control slaves.I think a
little spanking will put you in your place."

"No! Please I have never been spanked in my life!"

I was especially scared because I was wearing one of Victoria Secrets thong
panties which would give me no protection at all.

Bess said "Help me tie down her legs I don't want to be kicked."

I fought again knowing that would make me helpless but they were so much
stronger it was easy for them to loop belts around my ankles and pull my legs
apart to tie them to the legs of the sofa.

I began to bawl when Bess came around the front of the couch to grab my wrists
and pull me down over the back so my butt was sticking up in the air.

The strap came down causing an indescribable sting and burn that made me scream.
But that was just the start. She kept hitting me until I was hoarse and was
reduced to a sobbing quivering mass slumped over the couch.My ass was on fire
and I don't think she missed an inch of it or my upper thighs. The worst was the
blows right at the juncture of my ass and thigh. the strap was so heavy it sunk
in to leave even my pussy stinging.

They just sat around drinking tea and watching my body convulse with sobs until
I finally settled down.

Bess said, "Ready to take off that dress now, Bitch? You had a taste. Anytime
you say "No" to anything you will get twenty more and maybe on something more
sensitive than your ass."

There was no choice. I moaned, "Yes."

I stood up and slid the little dress over my head blushing furiously as thry
said, "Nice body. Maybe we should make her a show girl."

"Yeah Tom and Bill and Ed would get a kick out of that."

"Yeah but later we still have to make sure she won't argue any more."

I shuddered at that thought then they came over and said, "Cute panties but they
still hide too much. Cut them off her."

Bess came over with a big knife and cut the waist straps while I whimpered.

Then Georgia said, "Now you get an idea of what it was like. At auctions all
slaves were stripped to show their bodies and to prove they were not badly
scarred by whips to prove they were submissive."

I blushed again imagining myself naked on a platform while hundreds of leering
men bid on me.

"Okay I think we can turn her loose now. You aren't going anywhere are you
Honey."

I sobbed,"I don't have any where to go."

"That's right baby. You wouldn't last a minute naked on the street."

It was a fantastic relief to be able to get my legs together. They had been
stretched horribly by being pulled apart so far and so long.

They sat on the sofa then Bess said, "Come on over and kneel while we think
about what we should do next."

I knelt but it was not the position they wanted.

"No. arch your back and open your legs. You are hiding your pussy."

I did it feeling terribly vulnerable then Bess said put your hands behind your
back and push out your tits."

I did and she said."That is better. Remember that position. You will get into it
exactly like that anytime we tell you to kneel."

As I knelt there Georgia said, "I can't believe how stupid this bitch is. I have
wanted to get even with snooty rich white bitches all my life. She just fell
into our laps."

"Yeah and even better we can keep her as long as we want. Nobody will miss her.
They will just think she is on another trip."

God. That was true. My only hope was that they would get bored with their game
eventually. Meantime I had to remember to do what they said to avoid any worse
punishment.

Then Bess said,"Hey. Lets check out her purse."

Georgia said, "Shit we are rich! There is over 300 bucks in here plus a gold
card."

"Great! Let's tie the bitch up and do some shopping."

They didn't even have the decency to tie me lying down. Bess cut my dress into
wide strips and they took me under a hole in the ceiling where the plaster had
fallen to throw the strips over a wooden beam and tie them to my wrists.then
they tied other strips to make it long enough to tie the other end to the
radiator. The good thing was that the soft material would not cut my wrists but
the bad thing was I knew the material was much too strong for me to break.

Georgia said,"We had better gag the bitch just in case she gets lucky."

They jammed my panties into my mouth and tied them tightly around my lips so I
could only make noise through my nose.

They left me hanging there for hours. When my legs got too tired I would hang by
my wrists until my arms ached then stood again only to repeat. The panties dried
my mouth and I would have given anything for a drink of water.

They finally returned wearing new dresses and carrying all the sacks they could
manage. They had taste for shit. I wouldn't have been caught dead in their
slutty dresses.

They threw the sacks on the floor and began dragging out everything like kids at
Christmas. It was mostly dresses and sleazy underwear along with a bottle of
whiskey and a couple of six packs of beer.

Then they said,"We didn't forget about you. We found some great stuff in a sex
store. They left again and came back lugging more boxes and sacks.

What they began taking out scared the hell out of me. They had whips,quirts
canes from walking canes to skinny ones made of fibreglas. Then they brought out
ropes, leather manacles,and some kind of sliding bar with leather cuffs on the
ends.

Bess said, "Let's check this out."

They buckled the cuffs around my ankles then pulled the bar open as far as it
would go and locked it in place. I knew the tendons in my legs were in bold
relief and worse Bess said, "Hey great. This opens her enough to show the pink
inside of her cunt."

Georgia took off my gag and said, "Say thank you for thinking of me. Bitch."

There was nothing I should thank them for but I said hoarsely, "Thank you for
thinking of me. Can I have a drink. I am dying of thirst."

"Sure baby. I'll give you a treat. She opened up a bottle of "40" and stuck the
neck in my mouth to make me swallow like mad to keep from being choked. I didn't
like the taste but at least it relieved my thirst. I am not much of a drinker
and that much made me feel a little woozy.

Then Bess looked at me and said, "You know she is kinda hairy. She can't be
really naked with that. How about we get rid of the hair."

I was sure they would not be gentle and was afraid my poor pussy would be cut. I
moaned, "No. Please don't shave me. You may cut me."

"God I was hoping she would say "No." You know that means twenty bitch."

"Please don't I am sorry. Shave me if you want to."

"Too late. You said No. I'll tell you what. to make up for it we will give you a
treat afterwards."

She went to a sack and brought out a huge dildo. I wasn't a virgin and had a
little vibrator at home but that thing was huge.

"Please. That thing will tear me up."

"Bullshit! Women have babies through their pussies this isn't near as big as a
babies head."

That may be true but it still looked huge.

Georgia said, "Hey Bess.According to the guy at the sex store we have whips for
every part of her body. Let's give each of them a try."

"Okay but let's get rid of that hair first.I want to see the marks the pussy
whip will leave."

I panicked.I had never even heard of anyone being whipped on anything but their
back or butt. I fought my bounds and moaned, "Oh God1 Please. I will be good."

Bess went to a drawer and I assumed she was getting a razor but she brought out
a candle and lit it. I panicked again and said,, Please. Please don't burn me."
I had burned my finger once and remembered the pain that lasted for hours the
thought of my pussy being burned was too horrible to think about.

She just laughed then waved the candle under my pussy. I heard a crackle and
smelled the stench of burning hair but too my surprise the hair went out the
moment it touched skin so my pussy just felt hot rather than burned.

She kept waving the candle until she got every hair then got a mirror and said,
"Hey Bitch. Check this out."

I looked in the mirror to see I was totally hairless. I hadn't looked like that
since I was nine and it made me feel terribly naked and vulnerable.

Then Georgia said, "Shit we have seven whips and things. That isn't going to
work out for twenty. You don't mind if we go to twenty one do you Bitch?"

I was afraid to say No so whimpered, "I guess not."




                                            White victim2
                                            ***********
I hung there fearfully wondering how much worse this would be while they sorted
their instruments of torture arguing about which to use first and where they
should be used while I cringed at each thing they picked up.

Finally Bess said, "Okay it's settled right. We start with the three canes on
her ass then the guirt with the flat thong on her back and the quirt with the
skinny end on her thighs.then the thong whip on her stomach from her tits to the
pubic bone. then the skinnier thong whip on her tits and finally the wide but
short thongs on her pussy. Sound good?"

Georgia said, "Sounds good to me. What do you think Allene."

"It sounds terrible!"

"But you want us to do it don't you?"

I knew that was a trap for them to hear 'No' so I sobbed, Yes. Do it."

They started with the skinny fibreglas cane. The pain was terrible I was sure it
had cut deeply into my ass and howled in pain. The second seemed worse as it cut
into the juncture of my thighs and ass.I howled and shook my head in agony. The
third went down and across the top of my butt to make me strain against my
bonds.

Then Bess picked up the bamboo cane. which made a loud "Crack" as my ass cheeks
jumped and burned.  the second again hit the crevice between my round butt and
thighs to bring out an agonized howl.The final was across the thickest part of
my ass and I know it must have sunk out of sight since the pain went deep into
my body.

Georgia picked up the heavy wooden cane and brought it slamming across the
center of my ass. That was different.Rather than the sting of the others it made
an impact that jerked me forward and left a deep ache. She did it twice more in
the same spot and I jerked and twisted in agony like a hooked fish.

I was panting and twisting with my body bathed in my sweat from the pain and
exertions.I could only gasp and gurgle. Bess said, "Let's give her a break. We
don't want her to pass out on us."

"Yeah. I want a drink anyway. I worked up a thirst. How about you Allene. Want a
drink?"

As the pain subsided I realized that my panting and screaming had made my mouth
very dry so I said, "Yes. Please."

She gave me a drink out of her bottle then began inspecting my ass. Bess said,
"I don't know which is worse. The fibreglass brought out dandy welts and the
bamboo made bigger ones but the wood one is definitely going to leave a hellova
bruise.

"Which do you think is the worse Allene?"

There was no question in my mind.I sobbed, "The fibreglas. I can still feel the
sting and I was afraid it was going to slice me open. Please don't ever use it
again."

"Okay. That can be for special occasions. Ready for the next set?"

I was definitely not ready but was not about to fall in the trap of ssying "No."
I just moaned, "If you have to."

The guirt on my back was much different. it left a sharp sting but in a small
area which made it bearable. Bess said disgustedly. "This sucks. It didn't even
make her yell. Next time we will use it on nipples."

Bess picked up the quirt with the skinny long thong and stood in front of me to
hit the inside of my left thigh. I had no idea my inner thighs were so
sensitive. The pain was the worse yet.I screamed and gurgled. Then she hit the
inside of the other thigh. It was no better and I screamed and twisted in agony.
Finally she hit across the front at the top. If it had been more flexible it
would have hit my open pussy but it was less painful than the inner thighs.

Bess laughed and said, "This one is a winner."  Actually it was worse becuse she
hit the inner thighs not because it was any worse than the fibreglas.

Georgia said,"I'll check out her stomach muscles."

I was afraid she may damage me inside so I tightened my tummy muscles as tight
as I could.

She hit right across my bellybutton and the thongs made a sharp sting all the
way across with an even sharper one at the tips.I made a sharp moan and began
panting as the pain seemed to travel deep inside.

The next was across my solar plexis which nearly knocked out my breath and went
deep.I was choking so Georgia paused a moment

Then she hit across my chest and the upper thong hit the bottom curve of my
breasts to Make me howl and twist in agony as my boobs jumped as if to try to
escape the pain.

Georgia said, "Sorry Baby I missed. This isn't supposed to be for tits. Do you
forgive me?"

I was nearly delerious with pain but I managed to avoid the N word to moan
"Yes."

Bess picked up the skinnier thong whip and when I had calmed a bit said, "I
think we should have some more cooperation from you. On these I want you to ask
for them. If you take more than ten seconds to ask I will add another. Just say
"Now" when you are ready."

That was unbelievably cruel. Now I not only had to suffer but also had to ask
for the pain. She began to count the seconds and I yelled, "Now!" before she
could get to ten.

She brought the whip across and upwards to make my tits explode in pain as they
jumped up nearly to my chin.

Bess said, "Wow. Who knew this little whip could make her tits jump like that!"

Georgia said, "Yeah. That must have hurt like a bitch.She could only gasp."

I was glad for the discussion. It gave me a minute to let the pain subside
before I had to ask for another.

It was only a moment then bess began counting again and I moaned,"Now."

This time she hit across and down so hard the skin pulled at my neck and the
pain in my tits was pulsating which seemed to add to the old pain."

I could hardly think I was in such agony but when I heard her say "Eight."
I gasped, "Now!" to feel the worst pain yet as the thongs went right across my
nipples.again I could only gasp as my tits stung and throbbed as if they had
been stung by a hundred bees.

Bess came to me to fondle my tortured breasts saying, "Check this out. Her tits
are swelling. God Feel them. they are like ballons about to burst. I didn't mind
the fondling. It seemed to help the pain subside although they continued to
throb.

Georgia said, Yeah I wonder if it will have the same effect on her pussy. That
would make a nice tight pussy."

They didn't take long to find out.I was still gasping as the pain was beginning
to subside.

Georgia wasn't satisfied my legs were so open. She had Bess push on my butt to
make my pussy go forward for me to say, Now.".

She brought the wide thongs down with the tips hitting my bubic bone. To my
surprise my pussy was not as sensitive as I thought. It felt like any other
skin. Obviously there was that effect since the thongs were too wide to go into
the more tender inner part. Although the pain was the least of the group I was
smart enough to scream.

At "Now." she hit upwards and it was worse as a center thong tip ripped into my
anus.This time my scream was real.

Finally my theory was proven because she hit sideways to let the tips enter my
gash and rip open the lips. The sharp pain seemed to go clear to my stomach and
my whole body shuddered as I gasped for air.

Georgia rubbed my pussy and said, "I think it may have swollen a bit but not
like her tits. "It is all over Allene. How do you feel?"

I gasped, 'Oh I hurt and burn all over."

I can believe you are hot. You are sweating like a pig. Bess get a couple of
towels wet. We owe her that."

Bess got them and they gently slid them around on my body. You cant believe how
wonderful that was. the heat and pain dropped quickly and as strange as it seems
to thank tormentors I said, "Oh thank you."

"Thank You Mistress."

"Yes thank you mistress."

 They turned me loose but I had strained my muscles so much my legs and
shoulders ached. They let me lie on the floor and I draped the towels over my
front both for the cooling and to hide myself.

That didn't last Bess said, "Get up and check yourself out in the mirror. You
aren't hurt that bad."

I went over to the closet they indicated and opened the door to allow a two way
mirror.To my surprise the only thing that looked real bad was the now purple
welts on my ass from the fibreglas and red stripes on my tits. The rest of my
body was just a light red like a sunburn that seemed to be fading as I
watched.The pain was now gone except for a throbbing around the welts and a
tingle on my nipples.

Bess said, "Come back here and kneel."

I remembered to get the correct pose although it seeemed more obscene now with
my hairless pussy. I hoped the welts on my tits and my red pussy would make them
feel a little guilty.

Georgia said, "With no husband what are you doin for sex.. Fucking around or
jerking off."

"Well sometimes I masturbate it is dangerous now with aids to be promiscuous.."

"Yeah? Show us how white girls as you say masturbate."

"Oh please. That is too embarrassing. Even at home I do it under the covers."

"Are you saying No?"

"I'll do it."

I blushed all down my front as I fingered my nipples with my left hand and let
my middle finger slide on my clit but it wasn't working. This was too
embarrassing to get into it.

Bess said, "Come on.Work at it. you aren't even wet."

"I am trying but I usually fantasize about something sexy and with you watching
I can't think of anything."

"Well you better close your eyes and forget we are here or I will masturbate you
with the fibreglas."

I couldn't even imagine that. I shuddered and closed my eyes. I thought about my
ex and boyfriends but it didn't work.Unbelievably what worked was  imagining my
high school sweetheart slapping my pussy with the pussy whip. In moments I felt
my fingers moisten and I began to pant and managed a small orgasm.

"Not bad Allene. You have a hellova imagination. If I was you all I would be
able to think about was the beating."

Naturally I didn't tell them that had triggered my fantasy."

"Your fingers are all sticky. Lick them off"

I had never tasted myself but knew I was clean. To my relief I didn't taste bad
at all.

Bess said, "You are learning to be a good little slave. I'll bet last week you
would never have imagined jerking off in front of two women."

That didn't demand an answer. I just looked down and blushed.

I blushed again when Bess said, "Tom would get a kick out of watching her get
off."

"Yeah but he would get more kick out seeing her eat my pussy. Have you ever had
sex with a woman Allene?"

"That is sick. It is illegal in some states and the Bible says it is a sin."

"Uh Huh. so that is a No?"

"Oh God. Do I have to?"

You always have a choice. You know what will happen if you refuse."

Tears flowed from my eyes as I said, "I'll do it."

"Good stand up and take off my clothes."

I got up as she did and took off her dress and her heavy duty bra to release
enormous breasts that rested on her chest like enormous pears. I slid down her
panties amazed to see she was as hairless as me. In a way that helped me.. I had
visions of a mouth full of hair that would have made me gag.

She threw a couple of pillows on the floor and sat on them to lay back with her
legs wide spread. Her pussy opened and it was huge. I swear my whole face could
get into it.

"She said, "Lick my clit while you twiddle my nipples with your hands."

I began doing it and her clit began to grow. It was not like mine at all. It
looked almost like a little boys penis and unlike mine her pussy had a musky
smell.

I was trying but Georgia said,"Shit she can't eat pussy for shit"

Bess said, "I'll give her a little incentive."

I looked around to see her pick up the pussy whip then she came over to rip my
legs open. I held my breath waiting for horrendous pain but she just slapped it
easy on my pussy to make a slight sting. I went back to my task while she
continued to slap.I began to get more agrssive sucking and pulling on her huge
clit while I used my fingers to pump in her pussy.

Georgia moaned, "Oh yeah. That is working.. Keep it up!"

I could hear "Slaps" getting louder indicating Bess was hitting harder but I
didn't care. The feel of my pussy being jerked around was turning me on. I
sucked and licked furiously as I went into orgasm and Georgia began yelling, Oh
yeah. I am there! ooo cumming."

She suddenly went limp to show she was satisfied although no more than me. Then
I felt a tongue on my pussy and I swayed my back to stick it further out for her
until like Georgia I went limp.

Bess said, "She got off on the pussy whupping. We are going to have to
experiment with that."

There was nothing I could say.. I knew it was obvious that I had an enormous
orgasm.




                                         WHITE VITIM3
                                          **************
I felt a little dizzy when I was told to kneel again. I did making sure my legs
were open and my boobs thrust out.

Georgia said she felt sticky and I watched her get a wash cloth to wet at the
sink and wipe her pussy. She spread her legs and I am sure she could have easily
pushed all the cloth into that gaping gash.

Bess got a couple of beers then they sat on the couch to look at me.

Bess said,, "Whatcha think we should do with our toy next."

Georgia said 'Well she has been pretty good so we probably shouldn't hurt her
much. She didn't seem to mind the guirt with the leather loop on the end. Maybe
we should see how she likes it on her nipples."

I cringed. It had only been bearable because it had been on my upper back. I
rememberd the three inch red squares it had left when I had looked in the mirror
which would cover my nipples completely.

Bess said, "You seem to be getting into pain Allene. How many do you want four
or six?"

I shuddered and moaned, "Four. Please?"

"You aren't as gutsy as I thought but four it is."

She got the guirt and said, "Push out those tits. As much as you can"

I arched my back and pulled back my elbows to make them go out as much as
possible. She rubbed the leather square on my right nipple making me quiver at
the thought of the coming pain then pulled the quirt clear back to her shoulder
to whistle down to cause a white hot pain to my nipple.. I gasped in pain and
leaned over to hold and protect my throbbing, burning nipple.

Bess said,"You shouldn't have done that baby. It just earned you another one..
Get back in position."

It took all my nerve to get back in my pose now that I knew how much that hurt
but I knew if I didn't she might hit them forever.

"Thats better. Wasn't that wild Georgia? Her nipple sunk clear to her rib
bones."

"Yeah and it popped back out hard for another."

I looked down in disbelief. While the left nipple was still pink and flat the
right was now red and sticking out like a little hard on.

Bess said "I guess we better match them up. Bitch! get your head back."

I tilted back my head and she brought down the quirt at least as hard as the
first to cause an agonized scream.I looked down through teary eyes to see it had
joined its companion in red and hardness

Bess said, "The rest shouldn't be so bad. They must be a little numb."

That was a lie the next two hurt even more.I was sobbing my heart out with tears
splashing on my tortured boobs.

Bess said, "Shit I was hoping she would grab her tits again. I got one more and
don't know which one to hit. Which one do you think looks the sorest."

Georgia said, "Hell we done that. Why don't I see if I can get her clit out of
hiding."

She threw the cushions off the couch on the floor and had me sit on them then
let my shoulders go back to the floor. I was hurting so bad I was sure she would
not be able to excite me but her fingers and tongue soon had me quivering.

Georgia said, "There it is.Cute little thing."

Bess said, "Get back!"  As soon as Georgia was out of the way she swung the
quirt right on the sensitive end of my poor clitoris. The pain was unreal. I
clutched my poor vagina and curled up in the foetal position not caring what
they did to me.

As I laid there sobbing Bess said, "Wow! that really got her attention. Now we
have a helluva threat to scare her with."

"Yeah but I don't think we need it. She is going to be a good girl aren't you
Allene?

I was sobbing too hard to answer so I just nodded my head.

Bess put the cushions back on the sofa and got some more beer.

They sat there and drank the beer watching my convulsive body until I was able
to calm myself a little and just cry and hiccough.

Bess said, "You know she didn't seem to mind us burning off her pussy hair, but
I bet if we fried her nipples she would go nuts."

Georgia said, "No way. This bitch can make us a lot of money. I want her lookin
good."

Bess said, "How is she going to make us anything. If we whore her on the street
the cops will bust her in a minute and we will be in deep shit."

I saw a way out. "If you want money my checkbook is in the purse. I'll pay you
anything you want to let me go."

"What are we goin to do with a check you dumb bitch. We don't have any ID and
even if we did if we took a big check to the bank they would call the cops.."

Georgia said, "Yeah but Bill and Tom are makin big bucks selling crack and they
know other people with money. I know they would pay through the nose for a
chance at a cute little blonde slave."

Okay. Call his beeper.

She called and a few minutes later the phone rang. Georgia picke it up and said,
"Whuzzup Bill. Hey you gotta come over. We have the prettiest blonde bitch you
ever saw. Oh okay. Later."

She said, "He will be over in about an hour. She is lookin a little frazzled..
Bitch go take a shower and fix up."

I was grateful for that Georgia's juices had dried on my face and for the first
time in my life I had body odor from all the sweating I had done.

My body was so sensitive even the soapy washcloth felt like sandpaper but I was
clean now and that made me feel better. I fixed my hair and put on makeup and
they gave me the little dress to put on. Having the dress was wonderful I didn't
feel nearly as vulnerable."

Bill showed up on time. He was huge. Over 6'4" and black as coal.

He grinned at me and said, "You didn't lie. She is a pretty thing. How much you
want for her?"

"A hundred bucks."

"Fuck you very much. You know I can get all the pussy I can handle for a ten
buck rock."

"You don't understand. She is a slave. Haven't you ever wondered what it would
be like to whip a white girl?"

"I have whipped white girls before."

"Yeah but they were scraggy junkies. This bitch is class. Hasn't some snooty
white clerk treated you like shit in a store?"

"Yeah. Just the other day and she was blonde and all made up like that. Okay  a
hundred bucks for a hundred lashes and a blowjob.

"No way. a hundred lashes would stove her up for a week. Thirty, a blowjob and a
fuck."

"Fifty"

"No, forty"

"Okay but she better be good."

"You had better get the blowjob and fuck first. It will be like fucking a dead
girl after forty lashes."

"Yeah that's right the last bitch I whipped couldn't even hold her head up."

He said, "Bitch get that dress off and start undressing me. shoes first."

I shuddered then took off the dress to kneel and unlace his shoes to slip them
off then the socks. He said, Lick the toes Bitch. I like that."

That seemed gross but I had no choice I began licking the tops of them but that
wasn't enough. "Spread the toes and get out some of that toe jam." thankfully he
must have bathed because there was no toe jam whatever that is.

"Enough, take off my shirt."

I unbuttoned it and slid it off his massive shoulders then he said "Kiss my
stomach while you slide off the pants. Get your tongue in my belly button."

I cleaned the lint out of his belly button while I pulled down his pants until
he could step out of them. He wasn't wearing shorts. That is when I saw his
penis. It was huge! At least nine inches long and it was not even hard.I was
relieved later to find it didn't get much bigger hard. Just stiff."

"Okay Baby get on it with your tongue, lick the balls shaft and head."

It wasn't my first blowjob. I had given them to my husband on very special
occasions but that was nothing like this. He had a normal sized and clean dick
and I only had to lick it until he was hard.

He was obviously used to this kind of attention because I had to lick and suck
for a long time before he even got stiff. My husbands had got up in seconds.

He was finally hard and grabbed my hair to drag me over to the sofa where he
leaned me over it to get behind me.I was scared to death he might try to drive
that monster into my little anus but thankfully he put it in my pussy and drove
forward. With my pussy pooched out behind me in that position he could get every
inch in me. I swear it was hitting my stomach. I could feel my guts moving out
of the way. He began pumping slapping the sides of my ass with every pump. To my
everlasting shame. I got into it. I felt waves of excitement coursing through my
body.I was panting so close to orgasm when he said,"Kneel bitch. I want to
finish in your mouth. I knelt and he told me to grab his asscheeks and pull him
down my throat. I tried. I really did, but there was no way that monster could
go down. It just hit the back of my throat to make me gag. Finally he flooded my
mouth with his cum. I had never tasted a man's cum and found the taste was a lot
like snot when you have a cold.

He went around to sit on the sofa and told Georgia to get me ready for the
whupping. they hung me up again with the dress strips still hanging from the
ceiling joist and used the spreader bar to hold my legs open. Georgia got him
the thonged whip they had used on my stomach and he came over by my side and
began whipping my ass and legs setting me on fire then He said, "Damn I only got
thirty left. I aint goin to waste them on her ass."

He stood in front of me and began forehanding an backhanding my tits so hard
they were jumping into my armpits and colliding with each other. Thankfully they
could give that way which was better than driving them into my ribs. He kept
going down my stomach thankfully my thighs protected my pussy from the lashes
and again my inner thighs were hurt the worst.

"He stopped and said, "I only got two left. Can I use them on her pussy?"

Georgia said "Ask her."

He said, "Want a couple on your pussy baby?"

I knew if I said no I could get twenty so I panted, "Yes."

"Damn she is cooperative."

He brought the whip up to his shoulder then swung it down and up like a softball
pictcher. The sting and impact was awful. I swear it pulled my feet off the
floor and befoere I could recover he gave me the second just as bad.

He went over to sit on the couch watching my body heave with my heavy breathing
with sweat running into the welts to add to the burn.

He said, Damn. She got me hard again."

Georgia said, "I'll fuck you baby. this made me horny too."

"Naw. Fucking you is like fucking the grand canyon but you can both work on my
dick with your mouths."

they didn't hesitate both of them got on their knees taking turns sucking and
licking the sides of his shaft  until he erupted again. Georgia used her finger
to wipe some cum from her chin and stuck it in her mouth as if it was frosting."

Bess got them all beers and went back to watching me. I was still crying and
breathing hard while I hung there limply. Even parts of my body that hadn't been
hit seemed to hurt.

Bill said,"You ever use a pimp whip on her."

"No. They cut."

"Damn I would pay extra for that. Say Fifty for twenty lashes."

"No No more than ten. I don't want her out of business"

"Damn you are tough but okay. Make one."

I didn't have any idea what a pimp whip was but I was sure I wouldn't like it."

Bess went to the closet to bring back four wire coat hangers they straightened
out then twisted them together at the top to make a handle."

By then I was breathing normally and he camer over to say "You aint goin to like
this bitch. Bess. get behind her and push on her ass."

That was the understatement of the year that whip hurt so bad I can't even
describe it.

Bess pushed with all her weight increasing the stretch a lot and causing my hips
to thrust forward.

Since he was right handed he went to my right side and swung the whip making a
weird whistling sound. It didn't make much noise when it hit across my tits but
I felt it cut into me to the ribs he began to alternate back and forth from my
tits to my pubic bone and pussy Thankfully my thighs kept it from burying itself
into my pussy lips."

I screamed until I was hoarse and when he was done blood was dripping down my
stomach and running down my thighs.

He laughed and said, "Money well spent."

Georgia said "Yeah you bastard. She is going to be no use for days."

He left and Georgia said "We had better get some salt water on those cuts before
they get infected."

They poured a box of salt into a pan of water and stirred it up. They put wash
rags in the pan then came over to wash off the blood.

"You can't imagine how much that burned They might as well have pured gas on me
and set me on fire. Thankfully I fainted.

Georgia was right it was three days before they could pick off the last scabs.I
was relieved to see just skinny white scars not unlike stretch marks. while I
was recovering they just used me to eat their pussies and lick their assholes.

I was just desolate. Every time I thought they couldn't possibly do something
worse to me they did.




                                                     White victim4
                                                     ***********
They began making calls again then Georgia said, "Ed is coming over he says he
already has a bitch but he will take a look."

He arrived a little later with a skinny little white girl who to my shock was
wearing a dog collar around her neck with a leather lead he had hooked around
his wrist.

He led her out to the center of the room and pulled her dress over her head to
reveal a body so skinny her ribs and pelvic bones showed. He said,"What is your
bitch got mine hasn't."

"Plenty. Get that dress off Allene."

I pulled it off and stood tall. By then being displayed nude was no longer a big
deal. I actually felt a little proud when his eyes bugged and he said "Damn she
is a pretty bitch. Those nice boobs and round ass with that little waist makes
her look like a showgirl. How much you want for her?"

"Hundred bucks."

"Get off! Nobody is paying hundred bucks for pussy even though she does look
good."

"Oh yeah? Tom paid a hundred and fifty. You don't get it. This is a girl of your
dreams, a snooty white girl you can fuck or whip or anything else you want short
of putting her in an emergency room."

"How long?"

"Two hours."

"Well I'll tell ya. I get all the fuckin I want but I would like to see a good
cat fight.I'll make you a sportin proposition. We'll hook their wrists together
and give them a couple of whips. If your girl hits the floor first I get her for
nothin but if mine does I'll give you the hundred. I gotta warn you though. I
whipped my bitch last week for an hour and she never passed out.

Georgia and Bess whispered to each other then Bess came to me and said, "Bitch
uou better not fall. If you do yor next week is gonna be hell."

As if it wasn't hell already. They whipped me at least once a day just to hear
me scream and worse they discoved that if they whipped my pussy just hard enough
to make a little sting I would eventually orgasm. For some reason they thought
that was funnier than hell. I later found my little sighs and whines when I came
was silly to them. I guess black women like to talk and make noise.

I said "I will do my best."

She grunted "You better."

Ed took a pair of handcuffs out of his pocket and locked them on our left
wrists. By then Georgia had made more trips to the "Toy" store and came back
carrying two Cat O Nine tails.I cringed. They are awful things. They have nine
tightly braided leather strands with knots in them. Just one "easy" session with
them had left purple polka dots all over my body.

When we had our whips the girl spoke for the first time saying with hate, "You
are goin down! Bitch"

Then Ed came over and whispered something in her ear. It must have been a
terrible threat because she blanched.

Actually I was pretty confident I had years of aerobics and tennis and if
anything the exertions here had made me even stronger In addition to that I had
become more used to pain.

Ed said."Okay you start at three."

"One"

"Two"

The bitch cheated she swung at two and if I hadn't such quick reflexes the whip
would have hit my head.

That turned out to be bad strategy for her.She kept trying to hit my face while
I went for the larger target of her body. In moments her body was covered with
purple stripes while I only had a few hits on my arms or shoulders. Then I got
lucky When she lunged at me I was able to bring the "Cat" right up into her
splayed pussy. She dropped her arm to protect it which let me give her a
terrible blow across her nipples. then she raised her arm to her boobs and I hit
her pussy again.She dropped her arm to her pussy and I hit as hard as I could
across her face. She was lucky I didn't rip out her eyes. Her head snapped back
and she dropped the whip. I dragged her away from it and hit as hard and fast as
I could but she was really tough and just flailed around with her arm protecting
her face until I hit her right across the solar plexus to knock the wind out of
her and she dropped like a rock.

I stood there all sweaty and panting noticing for the first time the sting and
burn of lines across my tits and lower stomach.

Georgia said "Damn girl! You did good."

It didn't let me off the hook though He still made me suck and fuck him and
other humiliating things for the rest of the two hours. The only difference is
that he had to pay for it.

Then Georgia said to Ed."Hell we could make an event out of this. There is an
abandoned warehouse down the street that would make a great auditorium Why don't
you check with your pimp friends and see if there is some interest in buying
tickets."

"Hellova idea. Lots of guys like cat fights and we could make a bonus by
raffling off the winner and loser"

"Sounds great to me. Go for it"

He slipped the dress over his girl bleeding from some of the stripes and helped
her out because she was still too woozy to walk on her own."

There are a lot of sick people out there. Ed came back to say He had already
sold a hundred tickets at fifty dollars each and now people were coming to him.
Even white and oriental men. the event was set the next week on Saturday night.

During that time they put me into training. I did aerobics, push ups, situps and
training for whip accuracy for the rest of the time. That wouldn't have been so
bad but they also made me stand with my arms crossed on my head while they
whipped me to increase my pain tolerance.

I was a little relieved when Ed stopped by a day before the event to fit me with
a football helmet. At least now I didn't have to worry about losing an eye or
ear.

I was taken to the warehouse. They had made a production of this. There was a
boxing ring set up on a platform and a guy with a PA system announcing raffle
winners. They had changed it so their were two guys for each girl.

Georgia had made a production of me as well. They had bought me a nice dress and
underwear to make sure everyone knew I had class.

I was led into the center of the ring where Bess slowly removed my clothes to
make a strip tease finally sliding down my panties to reveal my hairless pussy
freshly burned off. It was an unreal experience to be stripped in front of
hundreds of men and some women while they cheered.

Then I saw my opponent.She looked like an oriental black cross. She was a
disappointment to the audience because she was just wearing a bikini which she
stripped off in seconds. She yelled " You are in deep shit Cunt! I love bein
whupped."

My only salvation was she was no bigger than me but pudgy indicating she was not
in the best shape.

The announcer introduced us saying I was from Beverly Hills while my opponent
was from the "hood". She got most of the cheers.

This time we were not shackled together which meant we could protect with our
left arm but that just prolonged the ordeal they wanted it to last.He announced
there would be two minute rounds with a minute rest.

I won't bore you with a round by round description I will just say by the
seventh round both of us were covered in bloody stripes and we were both nearly
exhausted. Georgia was smart enough to pour a bucket of water over me between
rounds which helped me stay alert.

On the eighth round I got lucky. I swung the whip as hard as I could to her head
and it must have dislocated her neck or something because she dropped like a
rock.

I was taken to a carpeted room to rest for awhile then an oriental man and a
white man came in. I ran to the white man and begged him to help me and that I
had been kidnapped but he just said,"Fuck you Bitch. I came to fuck not listen
to your hard luck story."

They made use of every second of their time. When I was not sucking one while
the other fucked me doggy style they used their belts on my pussy or breasts
until one of them would get hard again. I became a mindless thing and to my
amazement even had orgasms.

When the hour was up Georgia came to get me and chased them out of the room then
slipped on my dress to take me to her car.

They were really happy. They had made a bunch of money even after expenses and
spent hours disinfecting my wounds and massaging a cooling ointment on me..

Georgia said "This is big, baby in two weeks we are goin to have another event
and when the word gets around we are goin to have a packed house! Even if you
lose we can have a grudge match."

I groaned I knew I couldn't stay lucky forever and if someone beat me they would
probably do it again.




                                              WHITE VICTIM5
                                               ***************
They were pleased enough with me to buy an air mattress and a blanket from
Goodwill. That seemed like a luxury after having to sleep on the hard floor
naked and shivering because they liked the window open at night.

Now that I was kind of famous my whoring went up to five or six men a day. That
wouldn't have been so bad since by now my anus had stretched to accomadate even
the huge penis's and I even was able to get two or three orgasms. The bad part
was they encouraged my "Clients" to inflict pain on me to make me more tolerant.
They even bought more "toys" for the task. A lot of the things I didn't even
know existed.

They bought clamps with sharp teeth to put on my nipples and labia and even
sometimes my clitoris which never failed to make me scream until I was hoarse.

If that wasn't bad enough they added big fishweights to the clamps to increase
the bite even more and worst of all whip me while I was wearing them to make
them jerk and bite horribly.

The most scary thing was an electric prod. They would stick it into my pussy or
ass and push the button over and over to cause pain and to make my muscles
contract deep into my guts. That was nearly unbearable but then they would shock
one nipple and then the other which made my heart beat irregularly and I was
sure I would have a heart attack. When I told them that they did it to me again
then Bess put her ear to my chest and confirmed my heart was beating at least
200 beats a minute.

Thankfully from then on they just used it on my lower stomach, pussy, and anus.
By then my body was getting pretty scarred so they would allow my "clients" to
whip me until I welts crossed welts and I would begin to bleed.

Then one day something really weird happened. They had me strung up in the usual
position for my pain treatments and something snapped in my brain. Long into the
whipping it suddenly began to excite me. I found I was pushing out my pussy to
meet the lash as I became delerious and lost control. My body was convulsing as
monstrous orgasms crashed theough it. I heard vaguely Bess say."Yeah Allene! Get
into it!"

They whipped me until my mind and body could not stand anymore and I fainted..

From then on I didn't care how much they hurt me. I guess I got suicidal because
I began to look forward to the pain hoping they would hurt me so bad I would
die. I didn't die I just became easier to bring to orgasm.

Then about three dsys before the contest the pain sessions stopped since they
wanted me to heal up to look better. I know it sounds crazy but I missed the
sessions. It seemed the only way I could escape this nightmare was through the
fantastic orgasms the pain gave me. I even begged them to whip me only to be
told, "Noway Bitch.. It takes too much to bring you off and we want you lookin
good."

Instead they taught me to do a striptease to a pounding beat from their boombox.
They bought a sleazy nylon dress with snaps holding the front together and
panties and bras with snap fasteners I could remove easily while moving to the
beat. The dance was much too obscene even for the sleaziest dance club. After I
was naked I was told to grab my nipples and jerk my tits around and even slap
them to make them jump. Then I would lie on my back with my legs open and back
to lift my pussy and grab the labia to pull my lips open to maximum to show all
the pink inside.

When I finally was doing it to their satisfaction I was rewarded by a pussy
spanking with a strap to just get it red with no cuts or welts until I had a
wonderful orgasm.

Finally it was time to go to the event. Georgia was right. The place was packed
with people both men and women who cheered at the first sight of me.

I did my dance and actually enjoyed all the whistling and cheers. The other pimp
had learned so he had his girl dance too which was just as obscene with a finale
of having her push her hand into her pussy up to the wrist and twist it
viciously.

Finally the bell rang and not caring if I was hurt I just waded into her rather
than the usual strategy of circling warily looking for an opportunity like
boxers. She was bigger than me but I didn't care. I swung my whip as hard as I
could although that left me open for lashes that went deep into my pussy. By the
time the bell signalled the end of the round we were both panting for breath and
were dripping blood from the lashes.

Their greed was their undoing. Evidentally too much word had gotten out and a
snitch told the police. Suddenly the door burst open and gobs of cops poured
through it.

At first they didn't believe me and treated me as a common whore until I finally
convinced them to go to the apartment and get my purse with my ID. That finally
convinced them and Georgia and Bess were charged with kidnapping.

The trial was an ordeal with me being embarrassed by having the prosecutor show
the straight jury large blown up pictures of my scarred nude body with even the
one where I was holding my lips open to show the ripped inner lips.
They even brought Georgia's entire collection of torture tools while the
prosecutor explained how they were used and what effect they would cause.

That convinced them though as they were sure no-one would allow themselves to be
subjected to such torture and they sentenced them to the maximum penalty of life
imprisonment. I would have been happier to have them electrocuted.

I arranged to get plastic surgery to remove the scars and at the detective's
insistence I went to a psychiatrist. That was a fiasco. He wanted every little
detail of my ordeal and when I saw a lump rise in his pants I never went back.

I kept having nightmares where I was back in the apartment being tortured but
maybe they weren't nightmares because I always woke up with my pussy sopping wet
and it only took a little masturbation to get me off.

Finally when the worst scars were gone I felt ready to date again. I didn't want
to date anyone who knew me and my ordeal but finally met a total stranger at the
tennis club who had just moved to town. Normally he would have been a wonderful
lover since he was very patient and spent a long time on foreplay but I could
still never get to orgasm.

Then on my birthday he took me to a nice restaurant who provided a little cake
and the waitresses sang Happy Birthday. When we got back home he gave me a
present of diamond earrings. I kissed him and said, "For this nice a present I
should get a Birthday spanking."

To my delight he said, "That sounds wild! I haven't given anyone a Birthday
spanking since I was a kid. Are you serious?

I didn't answer I just stood to reach under my skirt to pull down my panties
then lifted my skirt aove my waist and flopped over his lap.

The first two were barely more than pats with his big hnd but when I giggled and
said, "Harder. You wimp." he paused for a second then started hitting me at
least enough to make slapping sounds and bring a pleasant sting to my
buttcheeks.

We both got so excited We just dropped to the floor not bothering to get
undressed except for him opening his fly. I held up my hips so when he thrust my
butt slammed down on the hardwood floor.

"When we were done we sat on the couch with drinks and a cigarette. He said
"God. I have never seen you so excited."

"I know. You can spank me anytime."

He grinned and said "I'll take you up on that."

I have high hopes of training him to go on to other things. Not to the point of
scarring of cours but at least I may again feel the thrill of a stinging whip.




                                                 White Victim 6
                                                 *************
He took me up on my offer to let him spank me with a vengence. He was always
looking for some excuse to spank me but when he ran out of excuses I finally
told him that he did not need an excuse and that I loved him and if it excited
him to spank me he could do it anytime he wanted.

He still didn't get it though. He never ventured past over the knee spanking and
I became bored with it. I found myself daydreaming over being hung up and
whipped by Georgia and Bess. Somehow I forgot the pain and only remembered the
thrill and just thinking about it always got me wet.

His hand or belt was not enough so I went to a sex store and bought a tawse. At
least that was too long to use otk so he had me lean over the footboard of the
bed and went along when I suggested he tie me so I wouldn't try to get away. The
tawse hurt a lot more but he still would not use it in any position except over
the bed. He did begin to understand I could take a lot of pain since I never
cried. He did notice I did not become as excited as our first spankings.

He finally said,"Spankings don't excite you as much as they did. Am I doing
something wrong?"

I told him that maybe we should move on to something else and that I would think
about it.

The next day I went to the hardware store and bought some hooks to put in the
ceiling and some rope. Then I went to the sex store and bought some padded ankle
and wrist cuffs. They had a whip with six thongs that reminded me of Bess. It
made me wet to hold it so I bought it too. At the last minute I also bought a
leg spreader. The clerk was really grinning thinking of me in those things.

I hurried home and screwed the hooks into the ceiling boards and ran the rope
over the hooks and stood on a small stool to see where my wrists matched the
cuffs then tied the other end of the rope to a bannister. I looked at the cuffs
hanging ominously until it was nearly time for him to be home.

I looped the whip around my neck pushing it into my cleavage then I buckled my
ankles to the leg spreader and stood on the stool on one leg while I buckled my
wrists. I took a deep breath and kicked the stool away.I misjudged the amount of
stretch my body and rope had so I ended up flat footed on the floor rather than
hanging as I intended. That turned out to be good since he was a little late
getting home and I would have been real sore hanging that long. At least I was
stretched enough to flatten my tummy and raise my breasts.I looked really good
in the mirror on the wall.

Finally he came home and yelled,,"I'm home. Where are you?"

I said, "I am in the rec room. Come in I have a surprise for you."

He walked in then just froze staring at me for a moment then let out his breath
and said, "Jesus. That is the sexiest thing I have ever seen. This is a surprise
beyond my wildest dreams."

Then he came over and lifted the whip.He said in wonder, "Do you really want me
to spank you with this?"

"No silly. It is a whip and it is real soft. You can hit me all over."

He felt the oiled thongs which were deceptively soft.I knew it would sting and
wrap around me to carry the sting the whole length of it. The oil actually made
it heavier.

He slid the whip from my neck and stood there fondling it as my excitement
increased Then he said, "All over, huh.Then I can hit you here?"

At that he slid his hand from my shoulders down my back. Having my back whipped
does not particularly excite me. I guess it is too far from an erogenous zone so
I said without enthusiasm, "If you want to."

He slid his hand down to fondle my buttcheeks saying "Of course, here."

I sighed, "Yes."

"And here?" as he slid his hands over the back of my thighs.

"Oh yes."

"And in here?" As he fondled my inner thighs letting his thumb rub on my pussy."

I shivered remembering how the stings were greater on that sensitive place and I
moaned, "Yes. Oh yes!"

Then he slid his hand up and down my tummy saying,"Here too."

My tummy tightened in anticipation as I sighed,"Yes."

Then he began fondling my breasts and pinched and pulled on the nipples as he
said, "Even here?"

By then my excitement had increased to the point my whole body was trembling as
I moaned, "Oh yes. Make them jump. Lets get on with it!"

"Wait. How about here?"

He began fondling my pussy and my excitement leaped. Before I could answer he
said,"God. This is really exciting you. Your juices are leaking."

I remembered that I really had to be excited to let me enjoy that and said with
a trembling voice, "Yes. You should save that for last."

He said doubtfully, "That is a lot of area. How many lashes should I use to
cover it all?"

I didn't want a specific amount. I could think of nothing worse than running out
of lashes leaving me at that terrible point just short of orgasm.So I said, "No
limit. Whatever it takes to make a good picture."

After using the tawse he had started taking pictures of my red butt saying that
he loved to look at them at work to remind him of how much the process had
excited both of us. He even admitted at times he had taped them to the door of
the toilet cubicle to masturbate.

"Oh yes! I want a recording of this."

He ran to the bedroom to carry back our camcorder on a tripod and moved it
around deciding it would be best to have it pointed at my back first then moving
it in front of me.

I felt really frustrated. I thought it was stupid for him to watch a movie when
he could have the real thing and my excitement was ebbing I moaned, "Oh God.
Hurry!"

He remembered that after our last spanking that had brought me to orgasm I had
knelt in front of him and said, "You are my Master and I am your love slave."
before I gave him the best blow job he had ever had thanks to the training I had
received from Georgia and her customers.

He said,"I will let you know when I am ready, I am the Master. Remember?"

"Oh yes Master."

He took off his shirt just leaving him in black pants. That increased my
excitement as I remembered pictures I had seen of the inquisitors in the Spanish
inquizition.

Finally he was ready and I was more than ready since being bound this way
reminded me so much of the sessions I had had at Georgia's apartment.

He stood by my side and I began to feel the stings as he brought it across my
back just below my shoulders to sting the whole width of my back. He then
started down little by little. My excitement increased as it came closer to
erogenous zones.

He stopped to say, "You are right. This whip is soft. You aren't getting nearly
as red as you did from the tawse."

"Yes. Hit harder!"

The next across the top of my buttcheeks was enough to make me gasp and jerk
forward. He stopped again saying with concern, "Too hard?"

"No. It just surprised me."

I didn't want any more stoppages so I braced myself to make as little reaction
as possible and managed to limit myself to just gasps as the stings covered my
buttcheeks and brought heat as the pain seemed to go deep into my body..

He paused just for a second to say,"That is better."

I just moaned in response and in spite of myself flinched at the next one coming
across the junction of my round cheeks to my thighs.

He went down my thighs about halfway to my knees then said,"These will hurt
more."

He brought the whip between my legs to my inner thigh and he was right. It hurt
a lot more. Almost too much and I wished I had told him to do them after my
tummy and breasts so my excitement would make me want the extra pain. In spite
of that the fifth and sixth grazing my pussy lips brought me to a new high in
excitement.

He stopped to move the camera as I hung there panting and pulsating. As usual
the pain,excitement and my struggles had covered my body with sweat.

He looked at me in wonder and said, "God the sheen of your perspiration is going
to make a great picture."

I was reminded of the scene in the "Story of O" movie where O was standing
holding on to ropes sweating with lines on her stomach. That increased my
excitement knowing I would soon have many lines on my tummy.

I tightened my stomach muscles in anticipation and he started just below my
breasts and worked down to my pubic bone. Now I was nearing orgasm and my body
was in constant motion.

He stopped to say,"Are you sure about the breasts?

I was too excited to speak and just nodded my head.

He really enjoyed watching my breasts jump and hit them up down and sideways
until I saw in the mirror that there was not a white place left while the pain
seemed to travel down my body to my clit. When he stopped I could feel tightness
and realized my breasts had swollen.

He said, "Ready?"

I knew he meant was I ready for my pussy and again moaned and nodded.

I was so excited the first one swung up from the floor brought me into orgasm
but I wanted more and pushed out my pussy for the next. I don't know how many
times he hit me. I only know my hips would jerk back at imapact and then forward
again to beg for another until I was nearly delerious.

It was too much for him. He just dropped his pants and drove his dick into my
pussy to continue my orgasms until we both slumped. His was so powerful he
dropped to his knees. He recoved and then said, "God! I love you so much!"

He grabbed my thighs and pulled my pussy to his mouth kissing and licking but by
then I was so exhausted I could only appreciate how good that felt.

He realized I was beyond any more orgasms so he stopped to release me then
picked me up to carry me to the dining room table and began caressing a cool
lotion on my throbbing body. I love massages anyway but this was really special.
It felt so good I went to sleep.

I don't know how long I slept. I know when I awoke the stinging was gone leaving
just a gentle throbbing in my breasts and pussy.

I heard the familiar "Crack" of the whip and realized he was watching the tape
he had made.

He saw me moving and came over to say."How are you."

He was still naked and I saw by his erection the movie had excited him again..

"Fine. Just very tired."

"Too tired to thank your Master for all your orgasms?"

"Too tired to fuck. Would you like a blow job?"

"Yes but I have an idea for something special. Are your nipples real sensitive
after the whipping?"

I felt them and winced as they hardened saying, Yes.Very sensitive. Why?"

"I want you to go to the other end of the room and crawl to me dragging your
nipples on the carpet."

"OO. that sounds wild. Okay."

I went to the other end of the room and began crawling. The nap of the carpet
felt like needles on my sensitive nipples and I began a rocking crawl to rub my
nipples and then my pussy on the nap. By the time I got to him I was really
excited and grabbed his buttcheeks to drive his dick down my throat until my
nose was buried in his pubic hair.I slid it in and out of my throat catching
breaths on the outstroke and remembering the trick Georgia had taught me about
swallowing when the dick was in my throat to make the throat muscles contract on
it. In moments he was grunting and I felt his dick jumping as he came.I pulled
back till just his head was in my mouth to savor the taste of his cum.

That was enough for both of us and although it was only about nine oclock we
went to bed. He hugged and cuddled me telling me again that he loved me and
saying, "God.I had no idea a girl could get so excited by being whipped. You
were so wet the whip caused juice to spatter and you soaked the whip. Wait till
you see the tape."

I had no doubt I would watch the tape and masturbate to it.

He said, "You are so wonderful. I wish my friends could see how lucky I am."

My excitement leaped at the thought of an audience and I said, "I guess it would
be okay if you want a special friend to see what I will do for someone I love so
much."

"I will have to think about it. I hate the idea of sharing you but at the same
time I would be proud to show you off."

I didn't want to press him to do it since I already felt like the slut of all
time so we went to sleep with the thought open.




                                                         white victim 7
                                                        ************
The next morning he said, "I was awake most of the night thinking about your
fantastic performance.I have decided I want to share the experience.I am so
proud you love me enough to let me do these things to you."

"I know Darling. I do it for you to prove that love."

"Yes I know but it would mean so much more to be able to prove to another your
love."

"I understand. A slave is not really a slave unless others know about it."

"Exactly. When I was a kid a friend and I used to play Spy with his sister. She
was the spy and we would be the interrogators. We used to spank her with a
willow switch until she told her secrets."

"Oh wow.Did you make her get naked for it?"

"Not at first. We started just with hand spanking on top of her panties but one
day she wouldn't talk so we took down her panties and finally used the switch."

"Oh how old was she? Why didn't she tell on you?"

"She was about eleven we were fourteen. I guess she enjoyed it. Eventually she
didn't try very hard to hide from us. Later he told me she went on to other
tortures I was embarrassed about it so didn't press for details.Anyway I think
he would understand and enjoy seeing you whipped."

"Well I guess if it would please you I have to do it."

"The only thing that gives me pause is that I am sure Jim will be excited by you
and may want to relieve himself with sex. How do you feel about that?"

"You know I only love you but if you want me to do it of course I will."

"Even blowjobs and anal sex?"

I gulped and said,"If it will please you."

Actually I could feel myself getting wet just thinking about it.

"I love you so much! He will really be impressed by how much you love me I'll
talk to him today"

I spent the rest of the morning naked and leaning over couches and chairs and
hanging from the ropes imagining being watched by the stranger until I was
excited enough to masturbate.

Later that afternoon he called me to say, "He loves the idea. He will be over
tonight and said we might try some things he does with his sister."

"Does? You mean he still punishes her?

"Yes He said she could never find another man who understands her."

"That is wild! Do you want me naked and hanging when you get home?"

"No I want you fully dressed. I want to strip you in front of him so he can see
how lovely you are a little at a time."

That idea excited me enough to masturbate again.

I decided to wear something to reveal me in stages so I dressed in standard
cotton panties and bra, a half slip,skirt and a sweater.

I awaited them anxiously imagining what may happen. I thought that since a
willow switch was just a starting point for his sister I may be in for a really
severe session.

Finally I heard cars coming up our gravel driveway and looked out to see Joe's
car and a van. I was so anxious I ran to the door and held it open. I was
shocked to see his friend had brought a woman with him. I blushed at the thought
I would be stripped in front of another woman. For some strange reason that
embarrasses me more than being naked in front of men.

Joe came in and immediately established his Master role by saying, "Slave make
us some whisky and water drinks."

I scurried to the bar and made them drinks but none for myself since I didn't
want any senses dulled. They sat on the couch and I served them then stood
nervously in front of them.

Joe said,"Allene. Meet Joe and his sister Nan. I expect you to be very obedient
to please them."

"Yes. You know I want to please you."

Nan was wearing a raincoat which I thought was strange since it was warm and not
raining and was carrying a duffle bag.

Jim looked at me and said, "She is lovely but why is she wearing all those
clothes. You should get her some sexy things to wear. Nan. Stand up and take off
the raincoat so they can see your outfit."

She was my size but had black long hair. She got up and took off the raincoat to
reveal a wild costume. It was just a leather bra with holes in the center
revealing nipples with two little padlocks stuck through them. I gasped thinking
how large the instrument would have to be to make holes in her nipples that big.
the edges of the bra had needles sticking out of them reminding me of a
porkupine. The bottom was just a leather strap pulled into the slit to make the
lips bulge around it. I thought it must be wild to walk around with that strap
rubbing on her clit.

Jim said, "Go give Allene a hug."

She came to me and wrapped her arms around me for a hug. I gasped as the needles
went through my sweater and bra to pierce my breasts.then he said, "Give her a
kiss and hug more."

Her tongue slipped into my mouth and she began grinding her breasts in me to
wiggle the needles as they went in deeper. I became instantly wet then she
backed off grinning at the excitement registered on my face.

Joe said since you showed me Nan I will show you Allene."

He got up and made a big production out of it. He slipped off my sweater then
rubbed my stomach saying, "See how nice and flat it is."

He took off my slip and fondled my thighs saying, "Her inner thighs are real
sensitive."

He took off my bra and said, "They are real firm but they move nicely under the
whip."

Finally he began sliding my panties down inch by inch as we both enjoyed the
stares of Jim and Nan.

They dropped to the floor and Joe said proudly."Isn't that the prettiest pussy
you ever saw? It is like a six year olds."

Jim said, "Yes. It is important to have the hair off so you can see the marks.
Do you shave it often?"

I shuddered. That statement made it clear I would not just get a butt spanking.

"No. I don't shave it at all. Every night I check it and if I find hairs I pluck
them out."

Jim said "Good idea. Nan's hair is getting coarse from all the shaving. We can
see she is beautiful but is she obedient?"

"You'll see.. Allene go get your whip and prepare your bondage for a whipping."

I scurried out then returned hugging the ropes, whip and leg spreader to my
chest. I hooked the ropes over the hooks and sat on the floor to attach the leg
cuffs to my ankles at the widest opening of four feet. Then I struggled to my
feet and buckled on the wrist cuffs and stood there shaking in excitement
waiting for him to tighten the ropes.

Joe said proudly, "Isn't that great? Would Nan prepare her bondage knowing she
would be whipped?"

I was a little disappointed when he answered, "Yes,of course." since I was
rather proud of the courage I had shown.

Joe made me feel better when he said, "Well I am very proud of her courage. Wait
until you see how bravely she accepts strenuous bondage and the whip.

At that he went to the ropes and pulled them until just my toes were touching
the floor.I watched myself in the mirror as the delicious stretching feeling
made my tummy and waist shrink until my ribcage became visible.

I felt proud as Joe said in awe, "God. Isn't she beautiful?" I felt even more
proud when Jim agreed, "Yes I don't think I have seen anyone more lovely."

That brought a pout to Nan's face and I had to grin at her in triumph.

Joe said,"And now the whip."

I braced myself for the stings that ran down my back to my thighs and then from
my breasts to my thighs gasping at the stronger stings to my inner thighs and
finally a loud gasp at a final one directed upwards into my pussy that ripped at
the lips and brought me to orgasm.

Joe stepped back to look at me in awe.

I looked in the mirror to see my front was completely red and my tummy was
convulsing and my breasts heaving from my dep breaths. The sheen of sweat on my
body made me look as if I was glowing.

Joe said, "See how bravely she accepts my punishment to prove her love for me!"

I began pumping my hips to let him know I wanted no more talk and was more than
ready for the reward of being fucked but it was not to be.

Jim said, "You are deluding yourself.Look at her! The way she is pumping her
hips and the way her stomach is pulsating she is obviously in orgasm. Her pussy
is dripping with her juices! She isn't doing this because she loves you.. She is
doing it to get the powerful orgasms she could never get from straight sex. I'll
show you what a slave will do for love. Nan get the nylon whip.."

She looked alarmed indicating the severity of that whip and whimpered, "Please
Master. Can't I do something else to prove my love?"

"No. Don't argue.I want to show Jim what a true slave will accept. I will only
give you five if you cooperate."

She brightened a little and said,"Only five? Thank you Master."

"Only five if you fully cooperate. Any more argument will make it endless."

She blanched and hurried to the duffle bag. She brought out a whip with several
stiff nylon strings coming out of a wooden handle. I recognized the strings as
the strands that were on a large brush and weed cutter I had seen at Eagle
hardware.

Jim said, "This will be a pussy whipping. Get into position over the foot
stool."

She shuddered but sat on the stool then leaned back to let her shoulders rest on
the floor and reluctantly opened her legs until she was nearly doing the splits.
The leather thong sank even deeper into her pussy to let part of the lips slip
over it.

Jim said, "After each one you will say,'Another' You had better say it
promptly!"

She whimpered, "Yes. Master."

He straddled her face and brought the whip down hard. I could see it was really
evil by the deep red stripes that appeared on the whole face of her pussy. I was
impressed as she just gasped and whimpered, "Another." not even closing her legs
an inch.

Even though she was crying by the third she continued to say "Another" quickly
and kept her legs open although they were moving in the attempt to provide some
relief. At the fifth the lines had run together to make her entire pussy a
maroon color and swollen.

Jim said, "Thank me for the whipping. Slave."

She knew what he meant. She crawled to him wincing as the thong rubbed on her
whipped pussy and unzipped his pants to take out a big hard dick and began to
kiss and suck it.

While she did it Jim said, "Now you know what a real slave will do. Something
much more painful than a little whipping with a soft whip. Look at your slave.
The red has already faded to pink."

Joe looked embarrassed and said, "Well. Allene and I don't have a lot of
experience yet. I don't think she is ready for that."

I was angry that he was so unimpressed by my performance and said foolishly, "I
am not so impressed by her bravery. The thong protected the sensitive inner
parts and her clit. The outer lips are no more sensitive than thighs."

Jim laughed and said, "Oh I suppose you could take a whipping like that without
the thong?"

I must have been crazy because I said, "Yes. You could each give me five."

Jim laughed again and said,"If you really could I would eat your pussy until you
could cum no more."

The idea of that "Master" humbling himself that way made me even crazier and I
said, "I'll do it now!"

Jim said,"In a moment. I am close to cumming"

He grunted as Nan sucked frantically then she took out his dick to rub the last
few drops of his cum on her lips. She stuck out her tongue to lick off the cum
as if it was some delicacy.

Jim pushed her aside and said to me, "If you think you can't stand it. I will
give you a break and tie your legs open so you won't risk extra strokes."

"No! I can take it the way she did. You will see that I have more courage than
Nan."

Nan said, "God Allene. You don't know what you are getting into. That is really
a vicious whip."

Joe said, "Yes Allene. I am afraid of what that whip may do. it could cut you"

I said defiantly, "I don't care. I know you will take care of me afterward."

Jim grinned and said, "I had better go first so you can see how hard to hit
without cutting."

Joe said, "Okay if you are sure."

I began to have second thoughts and fear rose while he was freeing me. My body
was still tingling from my whipping and I was about to try something even worse
but it was too late to back down now.

I was trembling with fear as I went to the big foot stool to lean back and slide
forward so the lower cheeks were off of it then took a deep breath and opened my
legs.

Jim fightened me more when he said, "Her lips have opened so one or more strands
will go inside to the tender inner lips and clit. They bleed easily so pay
attention to the speed of the whip."

He straddled my face and brought down the whip. It was awful. Only the pimp whip
was worse because of it's greater weight. At least the nylon could bounce off
although it was excruciating for it to hit my clit and it took all my courage
not to close my legs and grab my poor pussy with my hands.Thankfully he didn't
tell me to ask for another because I don't know if I could have.

He let me calm a little then gave me another which seemed even worse.I screamed
but managed to keep my legs open as the last three brought pain deep into my
guts.

Then it was Joe's turn. Thankfully he didn't hit as hard and to everyones
amazement including my own, excitement rose to the point I was pumping up my
hips to meet the lash as orgasms ripped through my body.

Jim said, "You have earned your reward and dropped down to lick my poor swollen
pussy. At first his tongue felt like a rasp on the sensitive tissue but then it
became good and I resumed lesser but very satisfying orgasms until I finally
panted, "Enough."

Jim pulled me to my feet and said, "You are amazing considering your lack of
experience."

Obviously he had not read about me in the newspaper.

Nan said, "Oh Allene. I am so glad to meet someone as crazy as me."

She was right.I am crazy but I don't care. The fantastic orgasms are worth it.

Jim said,"They are a lot alike Let's have a little contest."

He went to the duffle bag and brought back a fishing rod about five feet long.
He said to Joe,"It pays to keep your eyes open for instruments.Why pay a bunch
for a cane when you can get a bamboo rod like this for under six bucks at
Walmart. I did have to remove the line ferrules though They cut. See?"

At that he grabbed Nan's nipple and lifted her breast to show little crescent
shaped scars on the underside. I shuddered imagining the blood that must have
poured from those wounds.

The he said,"Both girls seem to have a lot of pride in their courage and I
understand they are bith fiercely heterosexual. I suggest they take turns giving
the other five lashes. The first to move out of position or attempt to protect
herself will have to suck the others pussy and rectum."

Joe said,"Oh I don't know. Allene is that something you would want to try?"

Jim said in disgust, "Jesus. You just don't get it. You don't ask your slave
about anything. She will lose respect for you. Allene do you love him enough to
suffer more?"

I hesitated remembering how terribly humiliating it had been to have to suck
Bess and Georgia but it would give me a chance to prove I could be just as
willing a slave as Nan and I knew the nerves would deaden and excitement would
override the pain. I said, "Yes I love him that much but will you subject your
slave to this? I don't give up easily."

"Yes. I don't think either of you are mean enough to really hurt the other."

"You may be surprised, but she should be naked like me with no protection."

"Of course. Nan remove your costume."

She took off the bra very carefully and when it was off I saw why. It didn't
just have needles sticking forward that had stuck me. It also had short needles
all around the edge of the leather to pierce her breasts at the tightest
place.Surprisingly they just left drops of blood at each needle.

She took off the thong bottom and I saw it was not as innocent as it seemed.
Built in to it was a thick butt plug and a dildo that had gone deep into her
pussy.

Jim said I will flip a coin . Heads Allene, Tails Nan."

He flipped it to land on the table. It was heads and he said, "Allene gets first
whip. Tell her to get into any position you want but remember you will have to
assume the same position for her."

I decided to get this over quickly. Since he had devised a bra to torture her
breasts I assumed they were very sensitive. I told her to put her hands on her
head and push out her breasts.

When I was satisfied she was pushing them out as much as possible I hit hard
across both nipples. So hard the rod buried itself causing her breasts to fold
over it but to my amazement she just grunted and pushed them back out.

I hit the same place again so hard the rod bent on the follow through but again
she just made a "Yip" sound and strained to push out her breasts.

The third brought the same reaction and I was suddenly afraid since soon she
would be doing the same to me. There was just one huge marron welt across her
tits and I was sure if I hit it again it would surely bleed so on the next I
brought it up to the underside to lift her tits. She actually smiled as if I had
done her a favor I was so disheartened I just gave her an easy one across the
tops.

Jim smiled at me as I let the rod drop and I realized by being so cruel I was to
suffer just as much or more. Now that it was over Nan let herself go to sob and
cry as she caressed her tortured breasts. Jim said, "Time out." and went to the
bar to make her a stiff drink then went to the duffle bag to get a soothing
lotion to caress on the now horrily welted and swollen breasts She kissed him
over and over in gratitude.

Joe looked at me in shock I am sure he had no idea I could be so mean.

When she calmed down Jim said, "Okay Allene It is your turn."

I gulped knowing there was no way I could win this contest and whimpered, "No.
I'll eat her pussy"

"No way! you will accept her five or we will tie you and each of us will give
you five."

I gulped knowing fifteen would have my nipples in shreds and reluctantly put my
hands on my head grasping my hair to help me keep them there.

The first one hurt so much it took my breath away. At Georgia's I had been
worked up to this by lesser pain to let nerves numb and excitement to kick in..
This was awful right from the start and the pain seemed to go deep into my body.

She didn't give me the break I had her. She struck all five across my nipples
and at the end I sunk to my knees crying hysterically. I looked down to see the
wide welt was oozing blood.

I was given a stiff drink that I gulped down and asked for another while they
caressed the lotion on my breasts which at least seemed to cool the burning
sensation.

When I had calmed Jim had her lie back over the large footstool, aka ottoman.. I
knelt in front of her to lick frantically at her clit and ass to try to bring
her off as soon as possible. I noticed that in spite of my experienced tongue
she needed pain to go with it. She was pinching and pulling on her tortured
nipples.

The whipping and seeing me eat her was too much for the men. Jim went to her
head to put his dick in her mouth and Joe went behind me to drive his dick into
my pussy. That took my mind off the humiliation and we all managed great orgasms

Jim had Nan and I crawl to the bar to make drinks then bring them back on our
knees to give to them with one for ourselves.I smiled at Nan in empathy when I
saw she was also using an ice cube to cool and soothe her nipples. We were both
relieved when Jim said, "I think they have had enough torture for one night."

Joe agreed, I was sure he had no idea when he suggested this that it would go so
far.

The men kind of ignored us kneeling at their feet rubbing ice over our breasts
and talked.

Jim said, "Since Allene is also into group sex she may enjoy going to our S/M
club meeting. It would give her a chance to demonstrate her courage and let her
have all the sex she can handle. We have over a hundred members"

I got wet instantly thinking about performing in front of a large audience.

Joe said, "An S/M club? I didn't know such a thing existed."

"I am not surprised.It is very secretive and exclusive. It has taken several
years to get our membership where it is. Do you think you would be interested?"

"I don't know. I love her very much.. I may get jealous."

"That is ridiculous. You know she loves you and you shared her with me."

"Yes I guess you are right. Allene would you like to prove your love in front of
an audience?"

"Oh yes. I would like the whole world to know what I will do for you."

Jim grinned at me and I knew he realized this would not just be for Joe.

Joe said "Okay it is settled.Where is it? We will be there."

"Hold on. It is not that easy. First you have to go through an initiation to
prove you are not undercover vice cops or reporters.At the initiation all the
other members will be fully dressed and if you back out they will all agree this
was just a practical joke and the club doesn't exist. The club has purchased a
large log house in the forest and we have put in tennis courts and a pool. As
far as the locals know it is just an exclusive tennis club."

Joe said, Actually that relieves me. It is important to me that others not find
out about my unusual practises. When can we go to the initiation?"

"Well first I have to take a picture of you two in order to send it by e-mail to
all the members. I am sure no-one will want to black-ball you."

I said,"Oh I look so awful. My boobs and pussy are all bruised.Shouldn't we wait
until I look better."

"No. That is a plus."

He got a polaroid camera out of the duffle bag and took pictures of me with my
arms on my head and Joe with the pole, then closeups of my poor tits and pussy.
He said, "I will get back to you when I get their response. You will be in good
company. All the women are nice looking."

That ended the evening. Joe and I went to bed and he cuddled me until I went to
sleep.




                                                              White victim 8
                                                              ************
It was to be two weeks before my initiation which dragged seemingly forever
especially since Joe would only give me hand spankings to keep my body pristine
for the event. By now I needed much more than that to allow me to have the earth
shattering orgasms I needed so badly.

Finally Jim called and kept Joe in conversation for a long time as I wondered
what was being said as Joe's face alternatively smiled, frowned and looked
worried. Just as I was dying of curiosity he hung up and said, "The meeting will
be this Saturday. you will be happy to know the members think you are beautiful
and are looking forward to your initiation, but from what Jim has told me you
may want to change your mind about joining the club."

"Why? What did he say?"

"Do you remember the movie "Story of O"  where "O" was taken to a party wearing
nothing but a cape and a mask while everyone else was formally dressed?"

"Oh yes. That was very exciting. I imagined myself in her place and thought she
was wonderful looking so proud."

Well, this will be similar except you won't have a mask. Only the members will
be masked and you will only be wearing a neck collar with a leash."

"Oh that sounds very exciting. I imagine I will be led around so they can look
at me and maybe fondle me."

"I wish it was that simple. Actually you will be led to each member and will
have to ask him or her to use whatever instrument of torture on you they have.
One time for each unless it is an instrument for your butt or breasts. In that
case you will get one to each buttcheek or one to each breast."

"Only one or two? I can handle that easily."

"Really. I am not so sure. there are a hundred members and your ordeal will last
for hours."

That did give me pause but then I thought that this would give me a chance to
really prove how courageous I could be. Besides, other women had gone through it
so it would be cowardly for me to refuse.

I said, "I want to do it. You will be proud of my courage."

"I admit this would certainly prove your love to submit to this so I can be a
member of this very exclusive club but I have my doubts. You know how I love
your body and Jim could not guarantee that you wouldn't be scarred."

Rather than be frightened by that prospect I was totally thrilled remembering
the pimp whip that had brought me to a fantastic orgasm even as blood ran down
my body.

I shrugged and said,"I doubt I would be scarred much, The other women have gone
through this and even if I am there is always plastic surgery if I revolt you."

The other women do not set a good example. Jim says that most are pure
masochists. You do this for the thrills. It may be too much."

"I don't think so. I don't think you have ever understood that when I am excited
the pain just brings me to even greater thrills."

"You have limits. You know that when the orgasms have exhausted you it becomes
pure pain. As a finale you will be given a formal slave whipping with a cat o
nine tails until you lose consciousness. The latter part of that will be pure
hell."

Even that did not frighten me too much because I knew I was more likely to faint
from orgasms rather than pain.

I said, "I don't care. I want to prove I am more courageous than any of the
women there. The men will all be jealous of you."

"I am sure they will be very jealous. Which I admit will make me proud but
remember if it gets too bad you may quit at any time. You may decide being a
member is not all that important and I will understand."

I knew he would but the idea of being a quitter was totally repugnant to me.

The night came and Joe prepared me by going over my pussy very carefully to make
sure any stray hairs were plucked then dressed me in a black silk  cape that
barely covered my butt and then put the collar around my neck. He attached a
leather lead to the front of it then ran it down between my breasts and through
my legs to tighten it to the back of the collar making me gasp as it slid
between the lips of my pussy to tighten against my clitoris. The smallest steps
made it rub on my clit.

Nan and Jim arrived to take us to the lodge. After showing me off Joe put a
raincoat on me to cover me for the trip. On the way I squirmed in the seat to
make the leash rub and looked out the window imagining how the people in the
other cars would be shocked to know what was under the raincoat.

Nan sat next to me in the back-seat in a pretty black evening gown that went
with Jim and Joe's tuxedos.

I whispered to her, "You have been through this. How bad is it really?"

"You can't really compare my initiation to yours. We joined the club when it was
still fairly new. There were fewer members and the initiations have seemed to
get a little more brutal as time has gone on. I don't know if I could have
withstood the ordeal the last girl went through."

Before I could ask for more information Joe said sternly, "Do not discuss the
initiation!  A large part of it is the fear of what is to come."

Nan immediately shut up just shaking her head when I asked for more detail. she
would only whisper, "It will be a night you will never forget."

We drove deep into the woods and finally came to a big wrought iron fence. Joe
inserted a card in a slot and the gate opened slowly and ominously to let us
drive on to a huge log house with tennis courts and a pool.




                                                      White Victim  9
                                                      *************
We parked near the door and got out where Joe removed my raincoat and unhooked
the leash behind my neck to lead me to the door. I missed the feel of it on my
clit and shivered from the cold night air on my nearly nude body.

We went through the door to see gobs of men and women beautifully dressed and
milling around with drinks in their hands. What caught my attention was a small
round stage with two ropes with wrist cuffs hanging from the ceiling. Joe
grabbed my lead and led me up two steps to the stage where I noticed two ankle
cuffs wide apart attached to rings in the floor.

He removed my cape although it hid very little and I sucked in my tummy and
pushed out my boobs gratified by the applause and cheers as he led me around in
a circle to give everyone a good view.

He announced, "Ladies and Gentlemen I am proud to present our new prospective
member. Slave Allene. You have the numbers denoting your turn. Will number one
present his card to Master Jim at the foot of the steps."
It was obvious the initiation was to start immediately crushing my hopes I would
have time to work up some excitement. I assumed the numbers had been picked at
random but later I realized they were picked based on the ferocity of the
instrument. This was diabolical since when things got worse I would not want to
quit and suffer everything in the past for nothing.

Joe told me to get on my hands and knees then lower my head to the floor and
push up my ass. The first man just had a ping pong paddle which stung each
buttcheek but not terribly. the next had a plastic yardstick which stung more
but again not too badly and I began to have hopes I could withstand this easily.
The next was a tennis racquet which stung much more than I exoected. then there
was a succession of wood paddles from small to fraternity types followed by
canes. I knew my butt had to be solid purple and hoped it would become numb but
the instruments kept getting worse including a boat oar with holes drilled in it
that finally brought tears as my face slid on the floor from the terrible
stinging impact. My only salvation seemed to be the fact only men were hitting
me so I would be facing half as many blows. Impacts kept getting worse as
heavier and longer paddles would force me to flatten out on the floor only to be
pulled up for the next. then probably the thirtieth man or so I was in no shape
to count showed me a terrible instrument. It was a big thick paddle with metal
studs about a quarter inch long. It was the last straw for my wounded ass. I
felt blood dribbling down my legs. as I flattened out on the floor sobbing my
heart out unable to get back on my knees.

They let me lie there as they got a fresh round of drinks then milled around me
congratulating each other on the marvelous job they had done on my ass which
burned stung and throbbed all at the same time.

They let me lie there until my sobs had subsided to heavy breathing and
hiccoughs then two men rolled me over making me gasp as my ass came into contact
with the floor then they picked me up while another man slid a stool under me.

They let me down on it and I screamed as I felt hundreds of needles penetrate my
poor welted ass. I looked to see the stool was topped with one of those straw
welcome mats. I quickly lifted my ass off it but Joe said, "Let it back down or
we will put a hundred pound weight on you!"  I sobbed but let myself back down
on it wincing as the needles tore at my purple ass.

Joe said, "It is thigh and tummy time. Keep your legs open or I will let them
have four rather than two."

My hopes that it must be nearly over were dashed as now women began coming up on
the stage. They used a succession of straps, skinny canes, switches and birches
on my tender inner thighs and stomach sparing only my pussy. to my surprise I
felt excitement rising as the sharp stings so close to my pussy made me squirm
on the straw mat. I was nearly at orgasm when Joe said, "Time for the next
phase."

To my relief I was lifted off that terrible stool then watched in terror as
another man brought out a sawhorse with the top lined with stiff straw scrub
brushes. The pain was unreal when they put me astride that terrible thing then
shackled my ankles to the rear of it so all my weight was driving my poor pussy
into the brush. It had been trimmed to a vee shape so the needles entered my
pussy to poke at the tender inner parts and especially my clit.

Then they changed tactics. They began to have two of them whip me at once using
floggers and skinny straps on my breasts and pussy. I am sure they thought that
was terrible but I love the sting of floggers and was soon excited enough to
rock back and forth on the brush to drive the straws in and out as orgasms began
shuddering my body. Even when they finished with small metal chains and cables I
had been driven to the point that even that pain just drove me to mind
shattering orgasms.
I was still rocking when they stopped and I heard a girl say, "My God! She got
off on that. Look at the straws they are dripping from her juices."

They did a surprising wonderful thing. they took me to a frame and lifted me so
my armpits held me up on the rounded boards like crutches while they caressed a
cooling lotion all over my body. It felt wonderful.

When my strength was back so I could stand I walked around to hear compliments
from everyone on my courage. One Master even told his slave to show respect for
me by licking my pussy. I was a star!  Everyone wanted to caress my welts and
marveled at the fact that although it must have hurt terribly I hardly screamed
at all.

then Joe reminded me that it was not over by saying, "Don't worry Allene. The
final whipping will be done by a real expert. I doubt you will be cut very much
if at all."

I whimpered, "Oh God Joe. I don't think I can take any more."

"You can't quit now. All that pain you have suffered will be wasted."

"You are right but can I have a couple of stiff drinks of whiskey to help me?"

"Of course. It is the least we can do."

He brought me a couple of glasses half full of pure whisky and I gulped them
down hoping they would numb me.

He said, "Show them how brave you are. Go up on the stage and buckle your ankles
and wrists to the cuffs."

There was a constant mumble of talk but when I went up on the stage and spread
my legs to buckle on the ankle cuffs and wrist cuffs the room went silent as
they stared at me in disbelief.

When I had them on a man pulled the ropes up taut and I heard "Ahhs" as my body
stretched and my waist shrunk. I was proud knowing how great I looked when
stretched.

They introduced a bit of drama. A muscular man wearing a black leather hood and
black leather pants came out. You could see his washboard stomach through the
thick black hair. I was reminded of the inquisition. He was carrying the cat o
nine tails. An evil looking whip with tightly braided leather thongs that ended
in sharp points.

Just as they had in the early part of my initiation he started fairly easily to
make bearable stings. The main difference was that all the stings hit an
erogenous zone. When he hit my back he let the thongs curl around my body to
sting my breasts tummy and pussy. and when he moved to my front he made sure
that not one part of my body remained white. He had marvelous aim to let the
tips of the whip jerk at my nipples and rip open the lips of my pussy.

He completed his goal of getting me to faint but it was not from the pain but
from orgasms that just blew my mind.

When I woke up my legs had been released and I was hanging from the ropes with
my body covered by hands spreading the cooling ointment on my many welts. When I
could stand I was released and Jim hugged me saying, " God you were wonderful.
Look at the effect you had on your audience."

I looked around to see naked people everywhere making love or being spanked or
whipped. As tired as I was I said, "I want you to make love to me."

He was so sweet. He knew my body was too sore to lie down so he laid down and
let me be on top. When others saw us they came to lick my breasts, tummy and ass
which helped me have one last orgasm.

I rode home kneeling on the seat totally naked because I wanted nothing touching
my welted body. I was relieved to be told I had only bled in a few places where
the welts had crossed and I should heal completely.

Jim said, "Do you know what it means to have passed your initiation?"

"Yes, Now we can go to the meetings to see others being whipped."

"More than that. You will be able to whip the women with the instrument they
used on you. You can get even. I wrote down the names of the girls that were
especially mean so you can whip them. You probably noticed the women were meaner
than the men."

"I knew they had hurt me the most but I assumed it was because they were hitting
more sensitive places."

"Yes, but they were hitting those places as hard as they could because they knew
if you passed you would get a chance to do the same to them."

I remembered couple of them. The one that hit right down my pussy slit to hit my
rectum and clit and the one with the metal chain whip which I thought would rip
off my nipples. Those two for sure would feel my wrath.




                                                   WHITE VICTIM 10
                                                   *****************
The week waiting for the next meeting seemed endless since I was so eager to get
even. I had picked out four girls but told me that I could only get even with
two. The theory was that the chance to get even was to keep people from being
too mean but if they did not set a limit I would want to get even with all of
them. The good news was that since they had given me two lashes I could give
them four.

It occurred to me that they might not bring the vicious whips they had used on
me so I spent the time shopping at the hardware store to get the material to
make the whips. I had no problem remembering what they looked like since the
girls had made a point of showing me their whips and telling me they would make
me scream. One was a flat chain about a fourth inch wide and the other whip was
simply a rough hemp rope with little stickers coming out of it.

The chain was no problem and a clothespole for a handle but the guys at Eagle
said they did not carry hemp rope anymore. He said it was obsolete since it had
a tendency to rot while the new ropes made of man made material would last
forever. It took me two days shopping until I finally found it at a cattle
supply store that had put a coil of it in the back room since there was no call
for it anymore. It was perfect! About an inch thick with thousands of little
stickers coming out of it. The man said they weren't used on animals anymore
since they chafed the skin too much.

I knew what he meant. That bitch had stood at my head to bury it in my asscrack
and then dragged it through my open slit to make my clitoris raw.

I took the stuff home and used Joes table saw to cut a slit in the pole then
pushed in the chain to lock it in place with a couple of screws. I ground off
the extra length of screws that was sticking through the wood and wrapped the
handle in electricians tape. The rope was easy. It was three feet long and I put
tape on one end so it wouldn't unravel. Then I had an evil thought.. I went out
and found what ewe call Texas burrs. They grow on a plant that lies flat on the
ground that has burrs on it with points long enough to flatten bicycle tires. I
dipped the end of the rope in epoxy glue and then rolled it in the burrs. They
made a clump on the end and also kept the rope from unraveling.

I hung them on the wall eagerly waiting my chance to use them but as I thought
about it I wondered if they were really as bad as the ones used on me. My
curiosity got the better of me and a few days before the meeting I asked Joe to
give me one lash across my boobs with the chain whip and one down my pussy slit.

Joe said,"Are you sure? Even one with these vicious things is going to be hell.
The chain whip may cut you with those sharp edges and just one with the rope is
going to make your pussy raw."

"I know but I just have to be sure they are as bad or worse than the ones they
used on me."

"Okay. To make it like it was I will have to tie you."

"I know. I want it exactly the same."

I took off my clothes and he lifted me onto our dining room table. He tied my
wrists to the legs then tied my ankles to my thighs and finally put a rope
around my knees to pull my legs down flat to the table by running the rope under
the table and pulling it tight.

It was really uncomfortable my hips hurt right away.

He said, "There was one more item of bondage you may not have noticed since you
were in so much pain and couldn't see it."

He put two paper clamps on each lip of my pussy then tied string on them to run
under the table and pull the lips open. Fortunately paper clamps aren't as bad
as alligator clamps or even clothespins since the pinch is over a larger area.

My boobs are big enough so I couldn't see it so he got a mirror to show me. I
looked in amazement. "God. Did I look like that! You can see clear inside me."

"Yeah. That is why the rope hurt so bad. It hit nothing but the tender inner
lips and your clit. Still want to try it?"

"Yes, I have to know what I will be doing to them. Use the chain first across my
boobs."

He brought it down across both nipples! I shrieked in agony and looked down sure
my nipples had been ripped off but there was just an angry red stripe across my
boobs.

"Ready for the other whip?

"Yes, Hurry before I lose my nerve."

He stood at my head and aimed carefully. The rope came down with the burrs
digging into my anus and then the stickers and burrs were dragged through to
make me shriek again.

He immediately dropped the whip and went down to kiss and lick my abraded pussy.
It felt wonderful and soon made me forget the pain. He kept it up until I had a
nice orgasm. I kind of felt sorry for the girls since they would not have that
luxury but then I remembered how I had to walk with my legs apart the whole next
day.

Afterward he put some lotion on my pussy which made it slick so I could walk
okay.

The night of the meeting I had a terrible thought. "Joe. What if the girls don't
come to the meeting?"

Don't worry about that. Under the rules they have to show up even if they are on
their death bed. They will anyway because if they don't come until the next
meeting you can double the lashes.

Joe had bought me a costume to wear to the meeting. I really looked evil in it.
The bra was leather with small cutouts for my nipples and nails sticking out of
it so if I hugged anyone they would be punctured. The bottom was a leather
bikini thong also studded with nails and hooks to hang on handcuffs and strings
to tie on my whips. For the trip he had me put on a raincoat in case we were
stopped by the cops since he habitually broke the speed limit in his sports car.
All the way there I could feel the whips against my legs which kept me at a high
level of excitement.

He was wearing a black silk shirt and black leather pants with biker boots to
make him look like a true dominant.

When we got there everyone was in similar costumes except for the girls who had
whipped me. They were stark naked except for a rope around their waists holding
the whips they had used. Only the girls who had gone easy on me came up to greet
me and make me feel good by saying they were amazed at my courage. The mean
girls just looked apprehensive and stayed away.

We had a few drinks then the President got up on the stage to say,"It is time
for Allene to get retribution. Come up here Allene."

I went up on the stage and he said,"We are all very proud of Allene. Although
her initiation was one of the worst I have seen she never changed her mind about
being a member. All right. Line up the girls."

They put them in a semi circle around the stage. Even if I hadn't recognized
their faces I could have picked them out by the whips hanging from their waists.
I picked out the two girls and the others breathed a sigh of relief.

The president said,"As part of the retribution you may decide on their bondage."

I had thought about that. For the girl who had chain whipped my breasts I took
her over to a metal pole used as a roof support and brought her hands behind it
to be handcuffed then used some rope to tie her elbows together behind the post
to push out her tits. She moaned at the pain to her shoulders and I taunted her
by saying,"When I am through those nice white tits are going to be black blue
and swollen." She cringed and said "Please don't be too mean. I am sorry I hurt
you so bad."

"Too late for apologies." Then I just left her there knowing her shoulders were
killing her and said I am going to need a table."

Four men lugged out an evil looking table. It was skinny pine logs with the bark
still on the wood. I knew that even lying quietly stickers would be going in to
her back and butt.

I tied her just like Joe tied me but when I asked for clamps they made it worse
by bring me alligator clamps with sharp little teeth to make her sure her lips
would be bitten off. She was moaning so I let her stay that way while I had
another drink.

Then I went to the girl on the pole. I saw the whip at her waist was even worse
than mine. The chain was little loops of wire with the ends of each loop exposed
to make barbs. Naturally I used her whip rather than mine.

On all four lashes I followed through to drag it across her tits. When I
finished she was crying hysterically and her boobs were bloody and one nipple
looked ripped. While I moved to the other girl the men released the one I had
beaten and took her away I assume for medication.

The other girl was already crying when I got to her. I saw her whip had a lead
ball on the end but I still thought my burrs were best.

I went to her head then brought down the whip directly on her slit bringing my
hand behind my waist to drag it the full length of her body. I Thought she might
dislocate something. Even as tightly bound as she was she bucked and squirmed
while screaming. By the fourth though she was totally exhausted and just laid
there sobbing. The burrs had scratched her all the way from her pussy to the
tops of her boobs. They released her too and I went for another drink.

Some of the other girls said I was really mean but they didn't seem angry about
it.

Then I got a bonus. One of the men came to me dragging his girl and said,"I
don't know if you remember Margo. I was a little surprised. She was not picked."

"Oh I know her allright. She was third on the list. Her damn whip left polkadots
on my body for four days and it was so heavy it knocked the wind out of me but
the other girls were even worse."

He held up the whip saying, "Yes this is my invention. And at the solar plexus
it will definitely knock the wind from you."

It was a simple but deadly design consisting of heavy fish line with split shot
leather sinkers lined up on each line. It had dug deep into my body.

He went on to say,"I feel guilty for letting her bring it. We tried it at home
and the damn thing cracked one of her ribs, I had no idea she would use it on
your stomach. You must have terrific stomach muscles."

"I do as part of my exercise program I do thirty tummy crunches every day"

"Well, I do feel guilty so I want you to give her four lashes with it except
only on her butt and thighs She does not have your muscle."

"That is very generous of you. I will be happy to take you up on your offer."

"Fine. How would you like her to be tied?"

"Why don't you just clamp her head between your thighs and hold on to her
shoulders."

He handed me the whip and I realized it was so heavy it would have to be swung
hard just to get the thongs to go horizontally.

When he was ready I brought the whip way back and swung it into the meatiest
part of her ass.the damn balls sunk into her deeply and although I didn't plan
it I got to punish them both because her head came up to slam into his balls. He
couldn't talk for a moment then said,"This was a bad idea. Lets just lean her
over the table."

When we went to the table the members hurried over to watch. He tied her wrists
to the other end of the table then roughly jerked her legs apart to tie them to
the table legs. I gave her another across her ass that made her tits drag on the
bark and then brought it around her thigh leaving a ring of polkadots all around
it. She was in so much anguish she struggled sliding her tits on that splintery
bark. I went to the other side to back hand the other thigh. My aim was not as
good and the top thongs ripped into her pussy lips causing her to shriek and rub
her tits on the bark.

I felt so guilty that when she was released I offered to kiss her poor pussy and
make it well. She said she deserved that so I ate her with all the skill Georgia
had taught me.

It turned out almost everyone there had come up with some invention of torture.
For the rest of the night they demonstrated how some simple innocent looking
things available any where could be fantastic devices.

Girls were walking around with rat traps on their nipples and pussies and even
nastier traps with teeth. There were girls with gobs of clothespins on every
inch of breasts and pussies. Electric fans with everything from rubber band to
wires glued to the blades which girls had to squat over. The thing I have to try
someday is also simple but seemed to give the girl pleasure. It was an electric
fence charger. The guy stuck am inch copper pipe into her asshole for the ground
then clamped alligator clamps with wires going to the positive side to her pussy
and nipples. When he turned it on the muscles in her pussy and tits jumped with
each pulse of electricity. I asked him if he wasn't afraid it may kill her and
he told me that it had high voltage but no amps. It is the amps that kill and
burn.

Since we didn't have anything to demonstrate Joe just demonstrated my courage by
having me stand with my hands on my head while he whipped my tits and pussy with
a thong whip having me say "Another please" after each one.

They were impressed but actually it led me to orgasms.

The next meeting is to be "Game Night."




                                                   White Victim 11
                                                   *************
The meeting inspired Joe to come up with an invention to donate to the club. We
had a huge dead cedar tree on our property so he cut it down then cut a six foot
section he split in two and then in quarters. He drilled holes in the rounded
part and stuck in 3/4 inch galvanized pipe to make legs. I thought he was just
cutting firewood until he took me out to his shop to see it.

I said,"What are you going to do with that?"

"This is wild. You sit on it. Remember in history about how people were ridden
out of town on a rail? This is it."

"Yeah but they were wearing thick pants and long underwear If you think I am
going to sit straddling that thing you are nuts. It would cut my pussy to
shreds."

"Naw. Think of it as an exercise machine. You said you wanted to tighten up your
thighs. As long as you keep your thighs tight on it you can keep your pussy off
of it."

"Well okay. I'll try it for a minute."

"Three minutes I will glue an egg timer to it so you will know I am not
cheating. I swear I will lift you off after that."

Three minutes didn't seem like much. I had done push ups that long so I agreed.
He handcuffed my hands behind my back so I couldn't use them to help me and
lifted me up to straddle it. I gripped it with my thighs and said, "Damn it is
putting splinter in my thighs. You should have sanded it."

He grinned and said, "Just the opposite. I sandblasted it to make more
splinters."

He turned over the egg timer and I watched the sand slowly drizzle out as my
legs began to cramp. About half way through I slipped down a bit and there was
no way I could gain the loss. I swear the sand slowed down. The cramps got worse
and suddenly I felt the lips of my pussy touch the wood. I redoubled my effort
to avoid slipping more but that just caused more cramping and he wasn't even
watching to be ready to help me Then I felt some movement on the log and looked
back to see him bolting an electric motor on the back leg. That wrecked my
concentration and I slipped more till there was pressure on my pussy. I
yelled,"Get me off this thing!"

He just calmly said in a minute you have to see my refinement. He turned on the
motor and the damn log began shaking. He had put a big pulley on the motor with
a lead weight on one side to make it off balance.

Splinters drove into my thighs and I tried to shift but that just put more
weight on my pussy. then more weight and I began to yell "Get me off. It will
saw me in two!"

He just grinned and said,"As soon as the sand all runs out."

I blinked away my tears and looked at the timer. There was only about a guarter
inch of sand left but I swear it seemed like hours as the rest of the strength
in my legs went and all my weight was now on the sharp point that was vibrating
and driving in splinters.

I panicked thinking he could leave me on the thing for hours but he was true to
his word. When the last of the sand ran out he pulled the plug on the motor and
lifted me off.

The bastard laughed as walked awkwardly back to the house with my legs open to
keep the splinters from driving deeper in my pussy.

I flopped into bed and he got between my legs to pull the splinters with a
tweezers. Saying, "What do you think. Wild. Huh."

"It was terrible you bastard."

"Ah come on. It couldn't have been that bad. There is no blood."

"It was bad. You try it."

"Naw. I'll take your word for it. Hell I'll bet some of the mean guys would
leave their girls on it for hours."

"Well I don't want to get back on it for a minute."

"Okay but if you ever call me a bastard again I will put you on it for a half
hour and add weights to your legs."

That made me good especially when he went to the exercise shop and hung leg
weights on our bedroom wall.

He also got the fence charger and I found I liked that. The pulse of electricity
made the muscle in my cunt and breasts jump which got me off in a short time.

He also got a six inch plastic pipe with a cap on the end to store willow
switches in water. That made them so supple when he hit me with them the switch
could bend all the way around my thighs.

One day he came in to show me a paddle he had made It was just a little bigger
than a ping pong paddle and had holes drilled in it. He said "Let's try this
out"

I said,"Do you have to? I have been real good. Remember last night I made you
happy by crawling to you dragging my nipples on the carpet then kissing and
licking your feet and legs and anus and balls before deep throating you."

"Yeah that was great. I'll tell you what. We will make a game of it. I will
write a number on this paper. If you guess it. No spanking. if you guess less
you get twice the number you guess or the number whichever is larger. If you
guess more you will get the number you guess. The number is between one and
twenty."

"Oh shit. Okay the number is ten."

He laughed and showed me the paper. It was five.

I had been paddled before and it hadn't been bad but the damn holes really made
a difference. It made blood blisters that were sore for days.


The night of the meeting came and this time everyone had dressed normally. There
were card tables set up for eight to a table. We had a few drinks then the
President brought out a big Black board with the values of poker hands on it
from a Royal flush down to high card. He said this is for you people who haven't
played poker. We play a simple game called Texas Holdem. In it you are dealt two
cards. Which are your hole cards. If you think your hole cards can't win. Like
maybe a two and three you can throw them away and just lose your ante of one
chip or one article of clothing. If you like your cards you can bet before the
flop. The flop is three cards dealt face up. If the flop goes with your hole
cards you can bet and raise again. Then another card is dealt face up and new
betting. Finally the fifth card is dealt and best hand combining your cards with
those in the flop wins. Got it?"

One girl said, "What happens when we run out of clothes?"

"I was getting to that. We play until everyone at the table is naked. When the
girls run out of clothes they will be given chips. Each chip is worth five
lashes or spanks at the discretion of the winner. When a man gets naked He will
pick up what chips he has won if any to drop out of the game and drink..

I said,"What happens if you lose at first but then begin to win?"

"Good question. If you win you may buy back your chips. Each girl has a
different colored stack of chips. If you win you can spank or whip the girls
that have your colors of chips But if you are a good sport you will give your
winning chips to your master."

Two of the girls at the table had been mean to me. If I won I planned to keep
their chips but would give Joe the chips of the nicer girls."

We were all given a stack of chips. If we lost we could reclaim the chips for
clothing until we were naked.

The game was not that simple. I found that it paid to stay long enough to see
the flop because even if you had what you thought were shitty cards you may get
cards that helped them on the flop. For instance once I threw away a pair of
twos only to see two twos come on the flop. That would have given me four deuces
that would have won easily.

We girls found that with bets and raises we ran out of clothes quickly. Even
though pain turned us on we still we real serious about the game because one of
the really mean guys may win our chips. I am sure the guys bluffed us out of
good hands because all they could lose were clothes and the chance to whip
someone while we stood to get a lot of pain.

The guys stayed in the game as long as they could. Once they were down to their
shorts they would use the chips they had won to bet with.

The girl next to me also naked whimpered "God I have already lost twenty chips
and John is still in the game with all his clothes except his shoes."

That made me realize I could get hundreds of lashes. I shouldn't have thought
about it. I began playing very cautiously and dropped out of games I would have
won. My chips dwindled and when the last guy was finally naked I had lost thirty
chips. Thank God Joe was good enough to buy back ten of them but I was still
looking at a hundred lashes.

The guys were trading chips to get to spank or whip the girl they wanted. I
prayed the mean guys would not have my chips.

They threw ropes over a big ceiling beam and six of us loser girls were hung
from them. the outer girls would have a leg tied to the wall then the other
girls were tied to each others legs so we were all hung with legs open to make
all parts of us accessible.

Not all the girls lost. I saw the girl I had whipped with the rope milling
around but thank God she did not have any of my chips.

They put coffee cans in front of us painted the same color as our chips and guys
or girls would drop in chips for the lashes they would give.

I had never been hit with as many different instruments before ranging from
fraternity paddles to a Cat O Nine tails. I have also never experience such a
variety of feelings. I would get hit with a flogger or lightly to just excite me
and then something terrible to bring me up and down.

When it was finally over I hardly had a white place on me Some people even
pulled back my foot to whip it which hurt and seemed dumb since I saw nothing
sexy about hitting feet.

Joe was sweet. He just slipped my dress on me and carried me to the car. I had
to ride on my knees because my butt was so sore.

He said, "God that was exciting. I never dreamed that someday I could hit all
the different pretty girls. Did you get turned on?"

"Sometimes but there was also a lot of bad."

"Oh well. Maybe you will win next time."

"At least I think I will have a better chance now that I know the game."

"Sure. You are smart. You will get them next time."

Then he told me some of the secrets like looking for "Tells" most players will
do things that give them away like holding chips in their hands when they are
sure of their hand or maybe neatly stacking chips when sure or chain smoking
when they need a card. Also talking a lot or being quiet. He said you can't just
play the cards you have to play the players. So even if you are not in the hand
watch how they act.

When we got home he massaged me with soothing oils and when the stings had
subsided we made gentle love.

THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





