BDSM Library - Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Watching these girls get the pain and the pleasure at the same time. They enjoy it, and so will you.
Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club

CyberSleuth
cyber_sleuth@hotmail.com




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club
                              CHAPTER 1

	It was Friday night and there was a break in the action.  Bill sat
in a large leather chair, gazing at the three naked women he had
bound in various positions in his basement "game"  room, reflecting  
over the changes that had occurred in his life the past month.  When
Connie had confessed that she had been unfaithful and had discovered
her need to be dominated and abused, he had felt his life was over. 
Confused, angry, and hurt, he had confided in his next door
neighbor, Rosie, who seized the moment to both educate Bill and
fulfill her own needs at the same time.  He still got an erection
when he remembered that afternoon and evening.

	It had started innocently enough.  He had left the house in anger. 
Connie had just destroyed almost twenty years of marriage with her
confession.  He was shocked and disgusted.  How could he have lived
with such a sick woman all these years and never realized it?  Pain
was not something he associated with sexual pleasure.  The idea that
someone would enjoy being beaten and abused was completely foreign
to him.  

	Rosie was working in her yard and noticed how upset he was.  She
invited him in for a drink and provided a sympathetic ear as he
related the story Connie had just told him.  Rosie was a nurse who
had originally come from England.  She had a sixteen-year old
daughter and was unmarried, Bill assumed she was divorced.  After he
had related his story he listened in amazement as his neighbor told
him about her early years in England.  She had been a slave, one of
many who had made the same choice, in the harem of her Master.  He
had thrown her out when she got pregnant with Kim.  They had immigrated 
to the United States to start a new life when Kim was very young.

	He might not have believed her and would have thought she was just
trying to make him think more kindly toward Connie except that she
had goaded and teased him into attacking her.  Bill tied her and
spanked her with various objects he found in her kitchen.  He abused
her tits unmercifully.  It was obvious that Rosie enjoyed the pain,
since she came almost constantly, and kept urging the man to do
more.  Bill realized he had never enjoyed sex more, although he
thought it was a little perverse.

	Rosie could tell from their afternoon of debauchery that Bill was a
natural Master who just needed some experience to unleash his
imagination and gain confidence in his ability to dominate.  The man
also needed some help coming to grips with the fact that many women
craved the domination and used the pain to reach heights of sexual
fulfillment impossible by any other means.

	Rosie knew from Bill's story that Connie had discovered this, just
as she had been lucky enough to find out for herself several years
ago.  A plan began forming in the back of her mind.  If she could
help Connie by turning Bill into the type of husband that could
satisfy her strange new desires then maybe Connie would not mind
sharing him.  This way they could both have what they wanted and
needed so badly.

	Kim had helped her by walking in on them.  Rosie was tied
spreadeagled on the kitchen table showing obvious signs of the
beating she had taken.  Her ass was beet red, her tits were tied
tightly and still crisscrossed with red stripes from her tit
whipping.  Bill was slamming his hips into her while she moaned and
cried, screaming for him to hurt her some more.  Bill was mortified
at being discovered, but Rosie saw it as fate.

	She and Kim had a very close relationship.  Rosie had seen to her
daughter's education, especially concerning sex.  She had wanted to
make sure that Kim grew up with a healthy attitude toward her body
and knew how to get the most pleasure from it.  Kim was technically
a virgin.  She had not yet had sex with a man, but was well aware of
the pleasures a woman could give another woman.  The young girl also
knew how bondage and discipline could serve to heighten the already
intense orgasms she could coax from her firm young body.  

	After Kim went to her room, Rosie told Bill about her relationship
with her daughter.  This greatly eased his conscience.  When Kim
became a teenager they came to an agreement.  Rosie did not want to
be constantly disciplining her daughter for every minor broken rule
or indiscretion, and Kim did not want her mother hassling her every
day.  They decided to initiate a punishment night.  All the rules
and expectations were written down and values were assigned
according to the severity of the misbehavior.  Each time Kim was
guilty of breaking a rule or was caught in some impropriety Rosie
recorded it but overlooked it at the time.  At the end of each week,
usually Friday night, they brought out the list and added the
values.  The total decided the penalty, which ranged from assigning
extra chores or withdrawing privileges to more severe punishment
such as spanking, whipping, or caning.  Being from England, Rosie
had no qualms about the virtues of corporal punishment.

	This system had worked out well for them both and was still in
place although it had evolved over the last two years.  Rosie
noticed that Kim was reaching the major punishment stages more
often.  At first she had assumed this was natural.  Most
fourteen-year old kids tried to stretch their boundaries as much as
possible.  As it continued, she realized that Kim seemed to
purposely do something at the end of the week that would ensure her
going over the limit.  That was when it finally hit her.  She, of
all people, should have seen it.  Kim liked the corporal punishment!
 

	After discovering this, she began to watch Kim more closely during
the punishment sessions.  What she had surmised was correct.  The
young girl usually worked herself around so some blows landed right
on her pussy lips.  Rosie had felt guilty when this happened because
she knew how painful it was and had assumed it was her fault.  Rosie
thought Kim's gyrations and screams were a result of the pain.  Now
she realized that it was because the girl was having an orgasm!

	Once Rosie became aware of what was happening she began slowly
expanding Kim's horizons.  She added bondage, much to her daughter's
delight, and applied the discipline with more sexual overtones.  The
sessions were now blatantly sexual and no longer depended upon the
list of infractions.  The truth of the matter was, Kim was so happy
and satisfied with her life that she rarely, if ever, got into
trouble.  They had even turned the tables a few times so Kim could
see how her mother reacted to various forms of pain and abuse,
although Kim was not strong enough or forceful enough to really get
Rosie going.

	Rosie always made sure her daughter enjoyed several orgasms during
each session.  She stopped short of having oral sex with the girl
but brought her off several times with her hands, although most of
Kim's orgasms were a direct result of the pain and bondage.  

	As she was telling him this story Bill had a hard time keeping his
mind from drifting.  He kept seeing the young girl and her mother
tied up and waiting, willing to do anything their Master commanded,
and he was the Master!  

	The man was so lost in his reverie he almost missed it when Rosie
said, "Tomorrow is her punishment night.  Since she spied on the two
of us I think it appropriate that we both administer the punishment.
 Actually, I probably deserve some punishment as well, since I
practically forced you into such a compromising position.  Would you
honor us by taking the job of judge, jury, and chief executioner for
the evening?  If you agree, I can promise that what we did this
afternoon will pale by comparison to what you will experience
tomorrow.  It is time for Kim to see how much a man can add to her
enjoyment.  I have given her about all that I can.  I am, after all,
submissive like her, and there are limits to what I can do.  She
needs the firm hand of a man, a Master, to continue her education. 
Will you be our Master?"

	Bill's answer changed his life.  The instant he said yes he became
a Master.  The man may have lacked experience, but he more than
compensated for it with eagerness.  He went immediately to an adult
bookstore and purchased several books and magazines dealing with the
subject of bondage and discipline.  He also spent a small fortune on
various pieces of equipment that sparked his interest and imagination.  
After studying the material for most of the night, he
knew he could use his wood-working and carpentry skills to build
more elaborate devices as the need arose.

	Connie was confused.  She had expected her husband to be angry. 
She was prepared for him to ask for a divorce, to be insulting, or
to walk out, but she was not ready for him to go to his basement 
workshop and spend the day working at his hobby.  Bill had even been
almost pleasant at lunch, although she knew he was thinking about
what she had told him because of the conversation.  He asked her
several embarrassing questions about her recent activities, focusing
primarily on what had been done to her and what she had enjoyed
most.  She answered truthfully although she was afraid of how the
information might affect him.  Her husband seemed much more
interested in what she had done and how it made her feel than with
whom she had been doing these things.  Bill never even questioned
her about how she got involved or who she had been with during those
evenings she hadn't been at home.  It was very unlike Bill and it
worried Connie.

	Bill wasn't the least bit curious about whom Connie had found to
indulge her whims and fantasies, but he was extremely interested in
what she had found the most satisfying.  He wanted to know what he
could do to get the best response from a woman and how he should act
to turn them into his total sex slave.  Her answers and his
intuition formed the basis for how he began to style himself as a master.
He knew his personality as a master would evolve as he gained
more knowledge and experience but he was looking for a starting
point.

	Bill had spent the morning in his basement thinking about how he
would handle the coming evening's activities, and mentally setting
up a few situations he thought would interest the three of them. 
The afternoon was devoted to building a few small items he intended
to use that evening and to start on some blueprints for some larger
and more complex devices to use in the future.  Connie had as much
as told him that she intended to continue with her new life, and his
experience with Rosie had shown him that he wanted to be a part of
the activity.

	By 6:30 Bill had showered, shaved, and packed what he needed for
the evening.  He still had a half hour before he was to be at
Rosie's house.  Connie had spent most of the day in her room and was
unaware of what her husband had been doing.  She was surprised when
he told her through the door that he was going out and would
probably be gone most of the evening.  Although she knew she had no
right, it made her angry and she stomped to the door to give him a
piece of her mind.  She yanked the door open and walked right into
his waiting arms.  Bill had anticipated her reaction and was
prepared .  He quickly twisted her around and snapped a pair of
handcuffs on her wrists.  He half-pulled and half-dragged her down
the stairs into his basement while she tried to get away and
protested angrily.

	"What in the Hell do you think you are doing?  Let me go this
instant.  You can't do this.  I'll call the police and have you
arrested.  LET ME GO!  LET ME GO, RIGHT NOW!!!"

	"Shut-up, Bitch!"  he snapped while he slapped her twice across the
face.  The blows were not hard, but were enough to split Connie's
lip.  A trickle of blood ran down her chin.  She was stunned.  In
almost twenty years of marriage Bill had never raised a hand to her,
in fact, he had hardly ever raised his voice, and he had just done
both.  Connie was afraid she had pushed him too far.  If he could
hit her, there was no telling what else he might do.  The handcuffs,
the face slapping, and the fear all combined to make Connie tingle
all over.  She was truly afraid, but she was also excited.


	It was a possibility, remote, for sure, but still possible, that her
straight and boring husband might turn out to be exactly the type
she had been looking for when she sought out the company of other
men.  She had found men willing to dominate her.  There had been
several who were eager to use and abuse her, but there had always
been something missing.  

	Connie knew what it was.  There had been sex, wonderful, mind
numbing, sex, but there was no relationship.  None of the men, or
women, for that matter, had been able to conquer her mind.  She had
given her body, but never her soul.  Connie had been their toy but
she had never truly been their slave.  She was still desperately
seeking the person who would take her and make her their own. 
Connie needed a Master.  Bill interrupted her thoughts.

	"I've got someplace to go tonight.  After all you have told me, I'm
not sure I can trust you to stay here, so I've decided to make sure
you can't go anywhere while I'm gone."  While he was talking, Bill
had been busy getting his wife situated on one of the devices he had
built that afternoon.  It was a large wooden "X"  with wrist and
ankle cuffs fastened at each end. He had seen it in a magazine he
had bought.  It was called a St. Andrew's Cross and had many
possibilities.  The victim could be easily placed on the cross while
it was it was laying flat, then, depending upon which end was raised, 
would wind up with their head either up or down.  Bill chose
to position her with her head up, since he would not be there to
monitor the situation, and upside down suspensions could be dangerous.  
This was also the reason he decided not to gag the woman. 
Besides, the basement was so well insulated that she would not be
heard, no matter how loud she screamed.  He did decide, however, that
 it would be okay to provide her a little distraction and give her
some choice in deciding her fate.  

	The cross had been built so that a two-inch thick dowel rod could
be inserted right at the crotch area.  When Connie relaxed her arms,
her entire weight would be supported by the dowel rod, which would
split her pussy lips.  This would become very painful in just a few
minutes.  She would have to hold herself up with her arms to avoid
it.  Of course, her arms would tire eventually, leaving her no
choice but to bear the pain in her cunt.  Before leaving he attached
alligator clips to each nipple with a small cord running from the
clips to the end of the dowel rod.  When Connie raised herself up to
relieve the pressure on her pussy, the cord would pull taut, causing
the clips to bite harder into her nipples.

	"Poor Connie" he said, chuckling to himself.  "She can't win.
She'll have to choose between pain in her tits or pain in her pussy.
I almost wish I could stay here to watch her."

	 He completed his work on his wayward wife by pulling a hood over
her head.  This would disable her visual senses and dull her sense of
hearing.  She would only be left with her sense of touch.  The effect
of the pain would be exaggerated. 




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club
                            CHAPTER 2

Excitement was running high at Rosie's house.  It was getting very
close to the time Bill was supposed to arrive.  Rosie and Kim were
ready.  They had primped and preened most of the afternoon.  Make-up
was important.  It had to be just right.  Enough to accent but not
so much as to appear slutty.  Most of the time had been spent
deciding how to dress.  Both wanted to make sure they gave Bill just
the right signal.

Rosie had decided how the evening would begin.  She would give Bill
a small demonstration of what she had been doing with her daughter. 
This would give them all a warmup period where Kim could calm down
and Bill could see some of what was expected of him without any
pressure to perform.  She wanted this to be a good experience for
all of them, but was especially concerned for Kim, since it would be
her first time with a man.  Loss of virginity was a big event for
every woman and she wanted to make sure that Kim would remember hers
with fondness for the rest of her life.

Bill knocked on the back door of his neighbor's house.  He held a
gym bag full of the equipment he had bought at the sex shop.  His
clothes had also been chosen carefully.  A loose fitting running suit 
covered the leather bikini briefs he had purchased at the same
shop.  High quality deck shoes with no socks completed his outfit.  

He  had thought long and hard about bringing condoms with him, but
decided that he would leave that up to Rosie.  She had said nothing
about them during their session the day before and he really had no
idea if he would be fucking Kim or just administering punishment to
her.  He had mixed feelings about it. It excited him to imagine
having sex with two women at once, especially a mother and her
daughter, but Kim was just a year older than his son and he still
thought of Jimmy as a child.

All thought of picturing Kim as a child vanished when she opened the
door.  She was beautiful.  Her long black hair fell loosely to the
middle of her back.  It accented her long, flowing white dress
perfectly.  The garment was really more of a toga than a dress.  It
was fastened over one shoulder with a gold broach and fell in loose
folds almost to the floor.  A gold rope chain served as a belt ,
which was cinched tightly enough to show a slight flair in her hips
and at least defined her tits, although it did little to show them
off.  Bill could tell that the girl had inherited many of her
Mother's features.  She already had a very nicely developed figure
even at her young age.  Her lips were full, almost pouting and her
smoke gray eyes were penetrating.  Bill felt his cock beginning to
surge against the leather briefs.

"Come in"  the girl said.  

Her eyes held his with a probing stare.  He felt self-conscious. 
She was looking right into his soul.  For that brief instant they
became one.  Bill suddenly felt he knew all there was to know about
this child, who was wise way beyond her years, and he knew she had
the same feeling.  It was then that he realized this girl was
submissive because it pleased her and it was something she wanted at
this time of her life.  She was not like her mother in this respect.
Like him, she was a dominant, but she was choosing to play the
submissive role.  If he did his job well, Kim would be his slave and
his alone.  To everyone else she would become the Mistress.  Bill
knew that some day soon the two of them would own Rosie and Connie. 
That was in the future though, and there was a lot of ground to
cover before then.

As Bill stepped inside, he saw Rosie.  If Kim was the image of the
vestal virgin ready for sacrifice, Rosie had chosen the opposite
look.  Her thick black hair was piled loosely on top of her head. A
black leather collar accented her shapely neck and kept her head
held high.  Her cantaloupe sized tits were almost totally exposed,
pushed up and out by the bra portion of a leather corset that also
cinched in her waist tightly.  The corset ended just below her
navel, right above the bushy patch of pubic hair in front and the
generous swell of her ample ass cheeks in back.  The four inch heel s
gave her legs a wonderful shape.  Her thighs, slightly heavy,
jiggled deliciously as she walked seductively toward him.  The
signal that she was hot, ready, and available, was very clear to
Bill.

"Come in, come in.  We've been waiting for you,"  she said.

"Kim, honey.  Go into my bedroom and get prepared.  I'm going to
talk to Bill for a few minutes then we'll be along to begin.  We're
going to start out like a normal night just as if Bill was not joining us.  
You know what to do."

"Yes Ma'am."  Kim turned to leave the room but hesitated at the 
door.

"Mother, could I ask a favor?   Would you please keep me tied up
tonight.  I want to show Bill how much I can take and I wouldn't
want to embarrass myself by moving too much or trying to get away 
from the whip."

"Of course, dear.  Run along now and make your selections."

Rosie explained the procedure to Bill after Kim had left the room. 
Kim was usually allowed to choose the instrument that would start
her punishment.  Rosie took clues from her daughter's choice about
how the evening should progress.  Some of their tools were for light
but titillating punishment, more stimulating than painful, others
gave definite pain but little lasting damage.  Still others were not
only very painful, but left deep bruises and vivid welts.  These
would stay with the young girl for several days as a reminder of
what she had endured.  Rosie knew what kind of evening Kim wanted by
the type of "toy"  that the girl chose.

"She's very excited about tonight and, I must confess, I am too. 
This is her first time with a man and I want it to be memorable. 
Once you get an idea of how things usually go between us, feel free  
to jump in and take over.  You are the Master and I would not
presume to place any restrictions on you, but please keep in mind
that Kim is young and is still very new to the bondage and
discipline game.  She wants, very much, to please you and show how
mature she is.  I trust you completely or would not have included
you.  She will accept any form of punishment you choose to give her,
just remember to take it a little easy with her until she gets more
used to it.  She expects to lose her virginity tonight.  I will
leave that totally in your hands.  Any form of sex you wish to
engage in, with either of us, is okay.  You may decide that making
her wait for another session or two would suit your purposes more. 
As you can tell, I am not expecting this to be the only time we all
get together.  If things go as I hope and expect, I believe this
will become a regular event."

Bill listened carefully and believed he understood.  Rosie was not
aware of what had passed between him and Kim at the door, and
clearly, Rosie had no clue about her daughter's true sexual
orientation.  He was smart enough, though, to keep this to himself
and let things progress as it would.

"You mentioned that any type of sex I wanted with either of you was
okay, but you didn't say anything about what else you expected.  Are
you to be punished?  If so, what are the limits and what do you
like?"

"I would be lying if I didn't tell you that I have been looking
forward to this as much as Kim, and I hope you choose to include me
in any punishment.  As far as what I like, I have never found anything
that I didn't enjoy.  Much of the pleasure is in having new
things done to you, so whatever you decide to do will be fine with
me.  When I give myself to a Master, I put myself totally in his hands.  
There are no restrictions on you.  I want you to find my limit
and expand it.  I do ask that you do nothing to either of us that
would cause permanent damage or scarring."

Rosie had been making them both a drink while she had been talking. 
She handed Bill his and nodded to the table.  They sat and talked
while finishing the drink.

"I always like to make her wait a while,"  she said.  "The
anticipation helps make the activity more intense.  Right now, she
is trying to envision exactly what will happen tonight and imagine
how it will feel and how she will react.  As you probably know, the
mind is, by far, the most sensitive of all the sex organs.  With the
submissive, the pain they actually experience is never as severe as
what they have already suffered in their mind."

"Yes, I do realize it."  Bill responded.  "I spent all last night
and most of today thinking about what we did yesterday.  I read a
great deal of material on the subject, and while I know I have a lot  
to learn, I learned enough to know that the real thrill for the
submissive is the feeling of being under the control and at the
mercy of someone else.  Not knowing what is going to happen and
being unable to control the situation seems to free the mind and allow
the body to simply respond.  When you have control, you also have
responsibility.  At least a small part of your mind will try to
exercise restraint and conform to what society considers acceptable
behavior.  Bondage and discipline are considered deviant, and, as
such, are considered unacceptable patterns of sexual expression.  If
you have no control over what is happening, you no longer have the
responsibility to behave correctly, so your body is free to react as
it wishes with no fear of repercussions."

"It's hard to believe you are a beginner at this.  You have already
discovered the essence of what makes this so attractive to so many
people.  We have forgotten that pain has been the driving force in
sexual relations since the dawn of time.  You only have to watch
animals mate to realize that biting, scratching, clawing, and the
domination of the male over the female is the true way of nature . 
Our society has made us all feel ashamed of how our bodies react to
pain and has dictated that males and females should be equals.  It
is unnatural, and, given a chance, I think we would all return to a
society where the dominant rule and the submissive comply."

"All this talk is making me horny,"  she continued.  "I think Kim
has had enough time to think things over and I'm ready to get
started.  Fix yourself another drink and bring it along."

Bill decided against the drink.  He wanted to make sure he stayed in
control of himself and he certainly didn't want anything to dull his
senses or make him forget anything that was about to happen. His eyes
were glued to Rosie's bouncing ass cheeks as she led the way to her
bedroom and their waiting victim.  He could still remember how they
looked after he had spanked her yesterday and could hardly wait to
see what the paddles and whips he had bought would do to them.  Bill
was a little surprised that she was not still bruised.  He
remembered her being bright red in most places, and purple in some. 
Instead of her tits being cut and bleeding in a few places, they
were creamy white again.  Bill made a note to himself to ask her
about that.

Rosie's manner changed when she entered the bedroom.  She became
stern with a no nonsense air about her.  She gave orders in a sharp
tone that demanded respect and compliance.  

Kim changed as well.  She became timid, with eyes downcast and
shoulders slumping.  The girl hurried to do everything her mother
commanded and spoke only in answer to direct questions, and even
then , her voice was soft, almost pleading.  It was easy to see that
they knew their roles and had practiced playing them often.  Bill
was fascinated as he watched, especially since he knew they were
both unsuited for the roles they were playing.  Rosie should have
been subservient while Kim played the dominant character.

"I see you have chosen the whip.  You must think you have been
especially bad this week, or you are trying to impress our company. 
You know how it always makes you scream and cry after just a few 
hits."

"Yes, I know, but I walked in on you and Bill and then stayed to
watch when you didn't see me right away.  I deserve to be punished
severely, and,"  she added with a shy grin, "I do want Bill to think
I'm mature enough to handle whatever he decides to do to me."

"Very well then.  Take off your robe and get into position.  I will
have to tie you because you can never stay still when I use the
whip.  Should I gag you or do you think you can control your
screams?"

"I would like to try to control myself.  Maybe there should be 
additional punishment if I fail."

"There most certainly will be and I assure you it will not be
pleasant."

Kim was busy during the entire discussion.  She disrobed without the
slightest hint of embarrassment.  In fact, she turned toward Bill
and posed so he could get a good look at her naked body.  She was
young but her body was already maturing.  Her tits were beginning to
show the fullness they would develop later, just like her mother. 
Her areolae were a dark brown color and puckered.  The nipples stood
out hard and proud, and were obviously already excited.  Her waist
was small and flared out to wide hips.  She had long tapered thighs
and calves that were nicely muscled but not so much to distract. 
These gorgeous legs ended in ankles so small he could almost circle
them with his thumb and forefinger.  Bill's eyes were drawn to the
dark vee where her legs came together.  She had pubic hair that was
full and curly but parted to frame the delicate folds of her labia. 
The girl's flat stomach accented the way her pussy protruded. 
Bill's leather briefs had suddenly become very confining!

Kim obviously knew her position and crossed the room to the foot of
the bed.  Rosie lashed one ankle to each leg of the bed, spreading
Kim's legs apart as far as possible.  Bill had not seen either of
them get the rope and assumed it stayed in place permanently, or Kim
had arranged it as part of her preparation time.  As Rosie fumbled
at the head of her bed, Bill noticed wrist cuffs attached to a pulley
being lowered from the ceiling.  He was impressed.  They had gone to
some trouble to make their punishment sessions into an elaborate
event.

Once Kim's wrists were secured, Rosie pulled on the rope.  Bill
watched the girl stretch upward until just her toes were touching
the floor.  He could see the muscles standing out in her calves as 
they tried to support her weight.  Kim's back and stomach were
stretched as tight as a drum and her firm tits stood out like
softballs from her chest.  It was a flattering position.  Any girl
would look beautiful trussed up this way and one as young and pretty
as Kim was absolutely gorgeous.

Kim's position was perfect, a fact that Bill appreciated.  She was
totally accessible.  The whip could bite into any area on her body,
especially the more sensitive ones.  It had the added advantage of
keeping the girl rigidly immobile.  There would be no escaping the
lashes as they fell, no matter how much pain the poor girl felt.  

Bill was surprised at the force of the first blow that Rosie landed
on the slender, unblemished form of the younger girl, although he
had no clear idea of what to expect.  The crack of the whip echoed
through the room followed by a sharp hiss as Kim sucked air through
her clenched teeth trying to control the scream that rose in her
throat and threatened to tear out into the open.  A thin, angry red
line running from the left side of her waist to her right shoulder
blade appeared almost immediately.  Another quick flick of the whip
completed the "X"  on the girl's back.  Kim controlled her screams
but moaned and cried almost convulsively as her mother cut her eight
more times with the vicious instrument.  Her back was marked in a
waffle pattern from the tops of her ass cheeks to her neck.  The
skin had been broken slightly in a couple of areas and small
trickles of blood ran down the deep hollow of her back made even
deeper by her stretched position.




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club
                           CHAPTER 3

Bill watched the scene unfold before him.  By the fourth or fifth
cut of the whip Rosie's tits had worked free of their confinement.
Her areolae had become dark, almost purple, in color, and her nipples
had hardened into inch-long nubbins that quivered with her every
movement.  He saw her free hand racing from globe to globe,
pinching, squeezing, and twisting the sensitive buds, as the other
hand prepared to snap the whip onto her daughter's trembling back.
Occasionally, her hand would plunge downward, fingers twining through
the coarse pubic hair, mauling the rubbery lips of her hot, damp,
pussy, and tweaking the erect clitoris peeking out from its fleshy
hood.

Kim's body vibrated like a plucked violin string.  Her moans had
changed to the harsh guttural sounds of an animal in heat.  Teardrops
streamed down her face as her head whipped from side to side while
she tried to maintain control.

"Owwww!  It hurrttssss.  Oh God!  It hurts sooo muuuuuchhhh!  More,
Mother.  Please give me some more!!"

"She's just on the edge.  Right now she only feels the pain, but she
knows that with just a little more, it will turn into the pleasure
she wants"  Rosie explained to Bill. "This is how you stretch
people's limits.  I won't give her any more just yet.  By the time I
change her position and choose a new instrument she will hurt a
little less.  It will take even more pain just to get her back to
this level.  If done gradually, over time, it is amazing how much
pain the body can stand, especially if a mind-blowing orgasm is the
reward for doing so."

Rosie released the rope that was holding Kim's arms while she
talked. Kim slumped, falling forward on the bed, her legs unable to
support her.  Her ankles were still tied to the legs of the bed,
which kept her thighs spread wide apart.  Her wrists remained cuffed
together over her head.  After a few quick adjustments, Kim was
again stretched out tightly.  This time she was spread-eagled, facing
down, on the bed.

Rosie struck the bed several times with a thin cane, apparently
testing the feel and springiness of her new torture device.  Each
time the cane landed there was a loud popping sound, and Kim fought
frantically against the ropes, although only a little movement was
possible.  There was some fear evident in her voice.  She still
didn't speak or scream, but made little, high-pitched yelps, like a
hurt puppy.

"Kim has a love-hate relationship with the cane"  Rosie explained.
"The whip explodes against the skin and ignites a quick, sharp pain
that subsides almost immediately.  The cane burrows into the muscle,
producing a type of pain that lingers and seems to build in intensity
over time.  If the strokes are properly timed, a victim can be
feeling the effects of several marks at the same time.  The slow,
gradually increasing, effect of the cane usually brings the victim to
the brink, but does not provide the spark to send them over the
edge."

"It's when the body gets more stimulation than it can handle at once
that it responds with an orgasm.  It's length and intensity is
controlled by the amount of pent up sexual energy that needs to be
released.  If a person can be kept in a state of extreme excitation
for a long time, the resulting orgasm will last longer and be more
intense. Kim hates the pain the cane gives her, but loves the
result.  Ordinary, sucking and fucking, type sex is pleasant, but for
those of us who have discovered that pain is the best form of
foreplay, it is much too mild and short-lived to be really
satisfying."

She punctuated this last sentence with two quick, hard cuts of the
cane that landed across the meatiest portion of Kim's twin globes.
Bill watched as Kim went completely rigid, a shriek caught in her
throat.  The young girl's buttocks began to tremble, then twitch.
Soon, they were jerking spasmodically, seemingly on their own, and
independently of each other, as they reacted to the full impact of
the pain.  Vivid red welts sprang up almost immediately.  Kim began
whining.  She was in agony and wanted it to stop, but she was also in
heat and wanted more!

A few more cuts of the cane left her ass well marked from the tops
of her thighs to her waistline.  Her whines changed to shrieks, then
to screams.  Her promise to control herself was forgotten as her ass
burned from the branding it had received from the cane.  Kim was in
constant motion, at least, as much as her limited mobility would
allow.  The motion, Bill noticed, was not aimed at trying to escape
the cuts of the cane, but was more akin to the rapid, up and down,
fucking motion of a person close to cumming and trying desperately to
go over the top.

Rosie saw it too and stopped abruptly, leaving Kim frustrated and
unsatisfied.  The girl stopped screaming as the pain diminished but
continued moaning and sobbing, probably as much from disappointment
as anything.

Bill had been a spectator long enough.  "I've seen enough"  he said.
 "Kim, earlier tonight your mother told me I could be the Master,
with no limitations.  I need to know if you agree with her.  Think
carefully before you answer.  If you say yes, I am prepared to put
you and your Mother through a night of pain and torture neither of
you will soon forget.  I may or may not fuck you, but I will make you
both my personal sex slaves.  You will do anything and everything I
want.  This is for tonight only.  There is no commitment beyond that.
 Later, the three of us will decide to continue or not, based on how
we all feel things have gone.  If you both agree, call me Master and
ask me to do something to you when I ask for your answer.  Rosie,
since you set the rules, it is only right that you go first."

Rosie's eyes sparkled as she realized she was about to be included
and become the focus of attention.  "Please, Master, I need a hard
spanking."

Bill released Kim and ordered her to open his bag and dump it on the
floor.  "Find the wrist and ankle cuffs.  Fasten her left wrist and
ankle to the spreader bar then do the same with the right side."

Rosie was quickly bent in half with her legs spread almost as wide
as possible as Kim hurried to follow Bill's orders.  She was stable
from side to side in this position, but could still fall forward or
backward quite easily.  Bill corrected this by placing a wide leather
belt around her waist.  This was attached to the rope dangling from
the ceiling. Once he pulled it tight, the woman was secure and
unable to move, except for a slight back and forth rocking motion.
Her ass and thighs were exposed and vulnerable, and her pussy peeked
out just enough to catch the whip or paddle if it was aimed just
right.

"Kim, it's time to choose."

"Master, I am yours to do as you choose.  Please make me your slave.
 I will do anything you ask."

"That's fine.  We'll begin.  Pick out one of those paddles for me to
try out on your Mother."

Bill smiled to himself as he watched the young girl handle each
device he had bought at the sex shop.  She picked one and swung it to
test it's weight.  She carefully examined it, trying to evaluate it's
pain potential.  It took several minutes before she finally handed
him the one she had chosen.  It was a flexible paddle, covered with
leather, and embedded with metal studs.  If pain was what her mother
was looking for, then Kim had chosen well.  This device was designed
to produce intense pain and deep bruising.  There would be a quick
flash of pain as the paddle slapped against her skin.  This would be
followed by a dull throbbing ache produced by the metal studs digging
deep into her flesh.

In the few times they had switched places, Kim had gotten to know
her mother's sexual proclivities fairly well.  She also had the
advantage of eavesdropping on the scene with Bill and had learned
even more.  Kim was aware that it took a great deal of pain to get
Rosie's juices flowing, so she knew her choice would please her
mother.

Bill walked around Rosie slapping the paddle gently against his
thigh.  He saw her eyes widen when she got a glimpse of the
instrument that he was about to use on her exposed and waiting ass.
Bill saw from her expression that the woman knew how painful the
spanking was going to be.  He could also tell that she wanted it! 

As he continued circling the woman, the anxiety began to mount.  He
switched from slapping his own thigh with the paddle to very gently
tapping the woman.  The paddle landed softly on her ass, her thighs,
and even on her tits.  In her bent over position, Rosie's tits swung
free and exposed, having fallen out of the stiff bra cups of her
corset.  Even as lightly as he was hitting, the metal studs left
small red spots where they dug into her smooth skin.

Punishing Kim had made Rosie hot.  She had gotten even more flushed
with excitement when she realized it was about to be her turn.  The
light tapping of her most sensitive parts with the paddle was driving
her up the wall.  The woman wanted it to begin.  She needed the pain
and she needed it now!

"Please, Master.  Don't tease me anymore.  Give it to me hard. 
Please hurt me."

"Quiet, Bitch.  Kim, tell this worthless slut what happens to a
slave who speaks when they're not supposed to."

"Yes, Master.  A slave may only answer direct questions from the
Master or someone the Master puts in charge.  Slaves are not allowed
to ask for favors or cry out, unless they have been given permission
to do so.  A slave who breaks the rule is usually gagged and given a
more severe punishment, usually one they don't like."

"Excellent.  I have not forgotten that you broke the rules earlier
and I will decide your punishment later.  For now, what would you
suggest as a suitable thing to do to your mother?"

"She seems to enjoy everything.  Maybe you should get her as close
to cumming as possible then leave her unsatisfied while she watches
you and me.  That may make her suffer enough."

"Good idea.  It will be even better if I make her bring us both off
before I let her have her own cum.  Get me the penis gag.  I want her
to be used to having a cock in her mouth when I'm ready to be sucked
off."

Rosie's tongue began to swirl around the plastic cock, almost
instinctively, when it was put in place.  She liked sucking cock,
although she would have preferred a real one, and didn't really mind
that this one was very large and forced her jaws so far apart that
they ached.  She knew, from experience, that she would soon adjust
and get more comfortable with it.


"Umphfff!"  With the gag in place Rosie didn't have to be quite so
careful about making noise.  She was reacting to the last of a series
of blows that Bill had directed against her ass.  They had come hard
and fast, each overlapping the one before.  Her meaty ass cheeks
quivered and jumped as they tried to throw off the stinging feeling,
like a horse trying to dislodge a biting fly.  On the last blow, the
one that caused her to scream into the gag, the tip of the paddle had
landed in the crack of her ass, snapping painfully against the lips
of her pussy.  The pain was so sharp and unexpected it almost pushed
her into an orgasm.  It would have if Bill had followed with another
shot to the same area.  He saw her freeze momentarily, then watched
as her pussy lips started pulsating.  He knew what was happening and
stopped immediately.

Bill exchanged the paddle for a small leather quirt.  It had a flat
leather loop at the end of a flexible handle.  This type of whip
would inflict a lot of pain but would not leave any lasting marks or
break the skin.  Rosie's eyes widened and she shook her upper body,
knowing that her precious tits were going to be the targets for this
new weapon.

Rosie didn't have long to wait to see that she was right.  Bill
flicked his wrist, snapping the leather loop against the outer edge
of the woman's left breast.  The blow sounded as if it did more
damage than it actually did because the sides of the loop snapped
against themselves as well as the soft flesh of her naked, hanging
tit.  Even so, the loud crack was quickly followed by a sharp pain
lancing all the way through Rosie's tit. The boob swung hard to the
right, crashing into the other one, making them both gyrate.  It
reminded Bill of a topless dancer trying to get her tits and tassels
circling in opposite directions.

Another flick of his wrist sent the whip snapping into the side of
the woman's other, yet unblemished, globe.  Rosie was still reeling
from the effects of the first.  This second, harder, shot made her
struggle frantically, trying to move her sensitive orbs out of the
way.  Bill went to work with enthusiasm.  He snapped the whip
sharply, hitting first one bouncing tit, then the other.  If Rosie
could have screamed, she would have.  As it was, she was only able to
make muffled, unintelligible sounds around the huge plastic penis in
her mouth.  A real cock would have been in grave danger when Bill
snapped the leather loop against each hard nipple.  The pain took
control.  Rosie went rigid, her eyes rolled back in her head, and her
jaws clenched, with her teeth embedded into the fake phallus. 

Bill and Kim watched, with fascination, as Rosie's already erect
nipples stiffened even more, and grew another inch in length.  They
seemed like they were reaching out for another kiss from the whip.
Standing behind her bound and suffering mother, Kim could see the
older woman's cunt begin to palpitate.  Thick juice began to ooze
out and run slowly down her inner thighs.

"Master, I believe she's ready.  I think any more would send her into
a cum."

Bill was on a roll and hated to stop, but he knew the younger girl
was right.  If he wanted to prolong this evening he needed to stop
now.

"Take her down and move her to the chair"  he ordered, indicating a
large chair in the corner of the room.  While Kim busied herself
releasing her mother, Bill went to work getting the chair ready for
what he had in mind.

Kim led Rosie across the room.  The woman moved gingerly, because
each step made her boobs swing against each other.  They were sore
from the beating they had received and this intensified the pain she
already felt.  When she sat, the rough fabric scraped against her
bruised ass, causing her even more discomfort.

Bill went to work tying the woman in the position he had chosen
while Rosie's mind cleared. 

"This is perfect"  she thought to herself.  "He brought me right to
the brink of an orgasm and was sharp enough to know exactly when to
stop.  He has my mind and body focused totally on my tits and ass.
They hurt, but only enough to whet my appetite, not so much to make
me concentrate just on the pain, but enough to make me vividly aware
of every sensitive nerve ending.  My tits feel huge, and my ass
feels like it's being caressed by thousands of magic fingers.  I'm
horny enough to fuck an elephant and he hasn't even touched my pussy
except that one pop with the paddle!"


Rosie was happy, not only because she had found what she had been
looking for, but also because she knew her daughter was about to
experience sex in it's most exciting form.

While Rosie had been lost in her thoughts, Bill had finished.  He
stepped back to examine his victim.  Her corset had been stripped
away, leaving the woman naked except for the wide leather collar she
had chosen to wear.  Her head was held high by the stiff, leather,
collar, making it impossible for her to see the vivid red marks,
some already beginning to turn purple, on her tits.  Rosie had her
arms pulled up and back, with her elbows resting on either side of
her head, and her wrists  tied together. There were two ropes
running from her tied wrists, under the chair, to each ankle.  He had
placed each leg over an arm of the chair.  Rosie was wide open and
exposed. Her tits and pussy were available for anything he had in
mind.  Rosie hoped he had a lot in mind! 

The woman tested her new position and found she could rock from side
to side, enough to help her shake off some minor effects of pain, but
not nearly enough to escape any of the blows that may be coming her
way.  She didn't wish to avoid them, but the body sometimes failed to
listen to the mind and acted on it's own, especially when it decided
it was being threatened.

Bill was pleased with Rosie's new position.  It allowed her to watch
him work on Kim, while remaining completely open and vulnerable to
anything he might wish to do to her.  She was also unable to use her
hands to help herself cum.  He had control over her and he would
dictate when and how she could orgasm. 




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club
CHAPTER 4

With the mother properly situated, Bill turned his attention to her
daughter.  Kim, was delighted.  She had gotten much hornier watching
Bill torture her mother and she could hardly wait to see what he had
in mind for her.  Her back and ass were still smarting from the
whipping she had received but her wet, virgin, pussy showed that she
was ready for more.  Her front hadn't even been touched yet and her
firm titties were aching for some attention.  As Kim had been
watching Bill lash her mother's huge tits with the crop, her hands
had been busy pinching her own nipples and squeezing her smaller
mounds of soft, and sensitive, breast flesh.  She wished the crop
had been landing on her tits instead of her mother's.  The girl
could almost feel the exquisite pain when the leather cracked loudly
against her mother's nipples.

Bill removed his running suit.  His hard cock was plainly outlined
through the tight leather briefs he wore.  He stroked it
absent-mindedly while he decided what to do to his young, innocent
neighbor.  He was no longer thinking about her age or the fact that
she was almost the same age as his son.  She was just a slave, his
to do with as he wished.  

"Let me see you play with yourself.  Show me how you make yourself
cum when you get hot,"  he said, his voice heavy with lust, "but
don't cum.  That is a privilege and you must have my permission
first."

He sat in a chair next to Rosie while they watched the show.  His
right hand continued stroking his cock through his briefs while his
left hand roamed over the older woman's tits, occasionally dipping
lower to strum her clit or squeeze her meaty thigh, often giving one
of her nipples a hard pinch.

Kim put all her inhibitions aside while performing for the older
couple.  Her hands went to her tits, squeezing and kneading the
soft, pliant mounds.  The girl closed her eyes and lost herself in
her own lustful fantasy world.  She gripped one tit tightly around
its base, making it appear even larger than it was.  The fingers of
her other hand pinched and twisted her own nipple cruelly.  Bill and
Rosie heard her sharp intake of breath as the self induced pain
raced around the distorted mass of sensitive breast flesh.

After thoroughly mauling her tits, Kim's hands slipped down across
her stomach into her pubic area.  She twined her fingers through her
coarse pubic hair, smoothing and separating it so that the damp slit
was visible and accessible.  Her left hand parted the slick, blood
engorged, lips, exposing her moist inner labia and the hooded core
of her being.  The tiny nubbin of her clit was just beginning to
peek through its protective covering.  Kim dipped the middle finger
of her right hand into her pussy, scooping up some of the thick
moisture that was beginning to flow.  She swirled this around her
clit, causing it to become even more erect.  There was a sharp
intake of breath and she moaned softly as the sensations overpowered
her.  She would have to be very careful.  The slightest touch could
send her crashing into an orgasm.

Bill slipped off the leather briefs, freeing his hard cock. 
Pre-cum oozed from the large purple head of his stiff rod as he ran
his hand rapidly up and down the length of the steel shaft.  He
plunged two fingers of his other hand deep into Rosie's wet pussy. 
She humped frantically against his hand, as much as her bound
position would allow.  They had both been brought to a fever pitch
by the exhibition put on by her daughter, Kim.

Kim followed Bill's lead by pushing her middle finger as far as
possible into her hot, virgin, hole.  The pain, caused by stretching
her hymen, felt good to the young girl.  She fantasized how good it
would feel to have Bill's hard cock forcing its way through her
maidenhead, making her into a real woman at last.  

While her finger sawed back and forth in the slick tube of her
pussy, her other hand moved back, parting her sore, whip marked,
buttocks, finding the brown, puckered entrance to her ass.  Kim had
always been very sensitive in her anal area.  Some of her best cums
had happened when her mother had snapped a whip or paddle deep into
the cavity of her ass cheeks.  When she inserted her index finger
into her asshole, she almost lost control.  Her stomach muscles
rippled convulsively and her thighs snapped shut, trapping both her
hands.  Her fingers bumped each other through the thin wall that
separated her two cavities.  The only thing that kept her from
dissolving into a long overdue orgasm was her tremendous will power.

"Stop"  Bill commanded.  "It's time for Rosie to pay for talking
without permission."  He released Rosie, whose hands immediately
found and massaged her sore, throbbing, tits, trying to relive the
ache that she still felt there.  Bill quickly stopped that by
clipping her wrist cuffs together behind her back.  He forced the
woman to kneel in the center of the room and ordered Kim to sit on
the floor beside her mother.

"I want you to watch carefully"  he said to Kim.  "Your mother is
an expert at sucking cock.  Learn from her, and, with practice, you
can be good, too.  It is an art every good slave must know. 
Remember, as a slave, you exist only to please your Master or
Mistress.  You must learn to use every part of your body, including
your mouth, to bring them pleasure."

With that said, Bill gave Rosie her instructions.  "You have
exactly five minutes to make me cum.  If I cum sooner than that, you
will have to wait another hour before I let you cum.  If it takes
longer than five minutes to bring me off, I will turn you over to
Kim and she will become your Mistress.  You will be her slave for
the next thirty minutes.  This is a lesson in cocksucking.  Tell Kim
exactly what you are doing at all times.  The real test will come
later, when I have Kim show me what she has learned.  If she doesn't
do a good job you will be punished for being a poor teacher."  Bill
glanced at his watch and noted the time.  "Your time starts now"  he
said, moving close to the kneeling woman and pushing his groin into
her face.

"Kim, darling. Please pay close attention.  I don't want to be
punished later because you missed something I told you.  The most
important thing to remember is to always cover your teeth with your
lips.  Most Masters will punish you if you bite their cock.  It's
called cocksucking, but you don't really suck very much.  You try to
use your lips, tongue, and cheeks, to give your Master as much
pleasure as possible.  The head is the most sensitive part of the
cock, just like the clit is the most sensitive part of a pussy."

Rosie moved slightly forward and took the huge purple head of
Bill's cock inside her mouth.  Kim could tell that her mother was
swirling her tongue all around the head of Bill's stiff rod.  She
heard his sharp intake of breath and knew he was enjoying the
process.

"Make your lips firm and round, then flatten your tongue while you
run all the way down the length of the prick until your nose bumps
against his pelvis.  You control the amount of pressure.  If you
squeeze your lips tighter around his cock, you can generate more
excitement.  It can feel just like a very tight pussy to him.  This
will give maximum pleasure because your tongue is running along the
big vein under his cock while the head lodges in the soft part of
your throat, way at the back.  This takes practice to keep from
gagging.  When the cock head is in the back of your throat,
swallowing causes your muscles to give him a massage that is most
intense at the head, but runs the entire length of the shaft.  Most
men will cum after just a few seconds of this kind of action."

It was almost as exciting for Bill to hear Rosie's description of
what to do as it was to have her do it.  When the talented woman
demonstrated what she had just told her daughter, Bill almost came. 
His muscles tensed and he let out a loud moan of pleasure.  His hips
slammed forward, almost knocking the woman over backwards.

Rosie knew she had used only a couple of minutes.  She desperately
wanted Bill to last long enough so that he would not keep her from
cumming for another hour.  She was almost beside herself now because
she was so hot.  Rosie took her cocksucking very seriously.  She
enjoyed it immensely, and could sometimes cum herself while doing
it.  This was a secret she would share with Kim later, but thought
it best to keep it to herself for now.

Bill was right on the verge of cumming.  He didn't really want to
yet, because he would much prefer to watch Kim become the Mistress
and dominate her own mother than keep Rosie from enjoying her own
climax.  He decided to give the woman a hint.

"I'm about to shoot, Bitch"  he grunted.  "You'd better try to make
it last at least two more minutes."

Rosie acted quickly.  She bit down hard on the base of his hot cock
with her covered teeth, then ran up the shaft to the area just below
the ring of his spongy, purple, head.  When she bit him there, Bill
felt a little relaxing of the tension built up in his balls, and
knew he could hold off a little longer.

 Rosie told Kim what she had just done and then commented, "If you
have the use of your hands, you can use them to put pressure on
those two areas.  By squeezing and relaxing while you continue
licking and sucking, you can keep the man on the verge of cumming
almost indefinitely.  I have had men give me a steady stream of cum
for almost an hour before they finally exploded.  They said they
felt like they were cumming the whole time."

Bill was sorry he had left her hands tied behind her, and made
himself a promise to make her back up what she had just said
sometime soon.  He knew that what she was doing to him felt terrific
and couldn't imagine it lasting an hour!

Meanwhile, Rosie had taken one of his balls in her mouth and was
softly humming to herself.  The vibrations were driving him out of
his mind.  She switched from one to the other then licked up and
down the pulsing vein several times.  

"Be sure you look into their eyes.  Most men like to see that you
are enjoying yourself and they can tell by how you look at them.  It
is especially important when they cum.  Speaking of cumming, men
will usually take over at that point and do what they want.  Some of
them like you to keep their cock in your mouth while you drink their
cum, others prefer to pull it out and shoot it into your open mouth,
on your face, or on your tits.  I like it everywhere, but I
especially like the taste.  All men taste a little different.  Some
have a sweet, syrupy cum, others are more salty or acid tasting, but
it is all good."

With that, Rosie took Bill all the way in, deep-throating him.  He
started humping against her face, making low, guttural, animal
noises.  In seconds he felt his balls convulse.  His jism worked its
way up the length of his hard cock and exploded into the back of her
throat.  The force sent her backwards, and she almost lost her grip
on the pulsating length of hard male meat.  Her lips formed a tight
"O"  around the head of his cock, which had now expanded so much
that she could hardly open her jaws wide enough to accept it.  The
woman swallowed frantically, trying to keep the copious flow from
leaking out around her lips, but it was a losing battle.  Bill could
never remember cumming so much before.  He felt like he was pumping
quarts of the thick liquid into her warm, sucking mouth.  Small
amounts dribbled from the corners of her lips and hung in thick,
white ropes from her chin, before dropping slowly, puddling on the
floor below. 

Kim was busy.  She had thrust two fingers deep into her hot virgin
pussy and was working them rapidly in and out.  Her other hand was
moving from tit to tit, squeezing, pinching, and twisting her
nipples.  She knew she was risking getting more punishment but she
really didn't care.  The only thing on her mind right now was
cumming.  She needed it and she needed it now!

Rosie was beside herself.  The woman had been brought right to the
edge of cumming several times only to be left hanging and
frustrated.  Having Bill cum so furiously in her mouth and watching
her daughter busily finger fucking herself was more than she could
stand.  If she didn't get to cum soon she knew she would explode!

When he recovered, Bill surveyed the situation and decided how to
act.  "Stop it, slut"  he barked at Kim, popping her lightly on the
back and ass with the riding crop.  "I told you I would let you know
when it was time for you to cum."

He moved her over to the chair her mother had recently occupied. 
Kim was quickly tied with her arms pulled over her head and down the
back of the chair.  Bill positioned her legs up on top of the chair
arms with her ankles tied to the back legs of the chair, leaving her
legs spread wide, with all her sexual parts open and available. 
Bill used the crop to goad Rosie into position on her knees between
her daughters wide spread legs.  It was clear what he had in mind. 
Rosie was going to be forced into eating her own daughter's pussy!

Kim was excited.  Juice leaked from her young pussy in
anticipation.  She had never had her pussy eaten before and she was
definitely looking forward to the experience.

"Kim is going to do the same thing to you a little later so be sure
you teach her how to do it correctly."

Rosie was almost as excited as her daughter.  She had always
preferred men, but found great satisfaction in making love to women
as well.  She had refrained from involving Kim because of the taboos
against incest, but now, she had no choice, she was being forced to
do this by her Master!

The woman began at her daughter's knee, softly kissing the inside
of her thigh all the way to the vee that was the center of the young
girl's sex.  Rosie could smell the heady scent of Kim's arousal. 
The girl's red, puffy, pussy lips also betrayed her extreme
excitation.  The woman carefully avoided Kim's cunt for now, and
kissed her way down the inside of the other thigh to the knee.  She
started the process over, but this time Rosie took small gentle nips
in the soft flesh as she worked her way back to Kim's sex.  The
third time around Rosie bit quite hard, leaving red spots and tooth
marks on the smooth inner thigh of her daughter.  By the time she
had reached Kim's cunt this time, the younger girl was moaning and
thrashing in the chair.  Bill and Rosie both knew it wasn't because
of the pain.

"Eat me.  Lick my pussy.  Bite my cunt . . . Suuuuuck meeeee . . .
"  Kim screamed at her mother, hunching against the woman's mouth as
much as her confinement would allow.

Rosie attacked Kim s pussy in earnest.  She chewed on the girl's
outer labia, slurped in long, slow licks from the girl's asshole to
her clit, then nibbled on the hard, protruding nubbin of Kim's clit.
Occasionally, she made her tongue hard and stabbed repeatedly into
her daughter's cunt, fucking her with it as a man might do with his
cock.

Kim soared to heights she had only imagined before tonight.  Her
body convulsed in a series of orgasms, each of them taking her to a
pinnacle higher than the one before.  Just when she thought she
could stand no more, her nipples exploded in pain as Bill lashed at
her tender tits with the crop.  The combination was too much for
Kim.  The searing pain from the crop merged with the intense
sensations caused by her mother lapping at her cunt.  Kim went
completely rigid.  Her eyes rolled to the back of her head and her
breathing stopped.  Kim was suspended in time.  She couldn't think,
she could only feel, and it felt as if every nerve ending in her
body was exploding simultaneously.  Her orgasm lasted for a full
five minutes.  When it was over, she collapsed in a dead faint.

By the time Kim began to come around, Bill was hard again.  He
decided that Rosie had paid enough penance.  In one quick motion he
got behind her, doggie style, and sunk his cock in her cunt all the
way to his balls.  Rosie sucked in her breath as he took her by
surprise.  She was so hot she started cumming immediately.  When
Bill felt her pussy clamp around his stiff shaft and flood with hot,
thick liquid, he almost lost control.  He slammed in and out of her
furiously.  Kim, just coming out of the fog of her own mind numbing
orgasm, thought her mother was getting spanked again when she heard
Bill s hips slapping against the woman's ass cheeks.

"Oh God. That feels good"  Rosie yelled hoarsely.  "Fuck me hard. 
Give me that sweet cock of yours.  Harder.  Make it hurt!"

Kim watched Bill and her mother intently.  She had seen them fuck
before, of course, but this time was different.  This time she was a
part of the action, not just an unseen observer.  She was still weak
from her own wonderful orgasm, and now she was getting to see how
her mother reacted to cumming after being so excited for so long.

Sweat poured off the two adults and the scent of sex permeated the
air.  Kim heard her mother sucking in great gulps of air as Bill
continued to pound furiously, fucking her in the doggy position. 
Her mother was alternately screaming and moaning incoherently, and
their bodies became a blur as the tempo picked up.  Kim knew it
couldn't last much longer.  The pace was too fast and the excitement
too intense.

Suddenly, Bill stiffened, threw his head back, and roared like a
jungle animal.  Rosie reacted almost identically.  Kim looked closer
and saw the half-buried cock pulsing inside her mother's dark red
pussy.  She knew it was pumping thick ropes of jism deep into her
mother's womb.  Just the thought of that happening to her almost
sent the young girl off again, and probably would have if she hadn't
been so thoroughly satisfied so recently.

Bill needed some time to recover.  Women could have many more
orgasms than men, and Kim, with her youth, could probably cum
nonstop for hours, but Bill was spent.  He had cum hard twice, and
that was one more time than he had thought possible.  He felt like
he probably had another one in him but it would take a while before
he could be ready.  Bill thought about the old vaudeville adage of
always leaving them wanting more, and decided it applied here.

He gathered his equipment and dressed.  "I left my wife hanging, so
to speak,"  he said with a slight giggle in his voice, "and I need
to get back to her.  If you want to get together again, you will
find me more than willing.  Perhaps we can meet during the week and
make some plans for next weekend.  There is no reason we can't have
a few minor sessions during the week as well, if you wish.  Since I
am so new at this I can use all the practice I can get."

The two ladies assured him they wanted to continue the sessions and
would be ready and waiting any time he wished to assume the role of
Master.  Bill decided to use a few more encounters to increase his
knowledge and learn his role a little better.  After that, he would
be ready to become their permanent Master, always in control.  He
felt they would both welcome the opportunity to be his slaves,
especially if it meant playing sex games more often.  He knew Rosie
had neglected her sex life for a long time and Kim was just
discovering hers, so the two of them had a lot of catching up to do.

As for himself, Bill felt like a different person.  He scarcely
recognized the man he used to be, and he was ready to explore what
lay ahead.  The only real obstacle was his wife, and he was already
formulating a plan to include her in this new way of life.  She was,
after all, responsible for the whole thing. 




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club
CHAPTER 5

Bill stole into the house and down to the basement quietly. He
didn't want Connie to know he was there. She was just as he had left
her, suspended on the St. Andrew's cross, her tits heaving as the
alligator clips bit into her nipples, her pussy lips red and swollen
from supporting the weight of her body. He was momentarily taken
aback with the sounds he heard emanating from under the hood. Perhaps
the pain and the helplessness of her situation had driven her out of
her mind.

As he listened more closely, he began to make some sense from the
endless stream of low, guttural sounds. Connie was half moaning and
half crying while uttering a constant litany of foul language.

"Fuckmeeatmesuckmypussybeatmyasslickmycunttonguemyclit
whipmytitsbitemynipplesscrewmeintheasspinchmebeatmehurtme"

Every time she paused to take a breath she changed her position.
Bill watched her for several minutes. On one breath she flexed her
arms, pulling her pussy off the dowel rod but stretching her nipples
to twice their original size. Bill saw that the teeth of the clips
had buried deep into her nipples and were no longer even visible.
Flecks of blood, some dried, others fresh, showed it had happened
some time ago. Her tits were rock hard and sat on her chest like twin
mounds of polished granite. Her nipples had turned a dark purple
color, partly from the abuse, and partly from extreme sexual
excitation.

She relaxed her arms on the next breath. The pressure on her abused
nipples eased but was replaced by a stabbing pain in her pussy as the
thick dowel rod split her labia and disappeared deep inside her,
trapping her clit, mashing it against her pelvic bone. Bill noticed
the wooden rod was covered with her thick cream. He saw the muscles
in her thighs tense and realized she was using her legs to pull
herself down even harder on the wooden rod. She was trying to
increase the pain she was feeling!

Much to his surprise, his cock began to stiffen. Watching his wife
thrash about in the throes of agony and ecstasy made him realize just
how beautiful she was. Her body, rippling and quivering, as orgasm
after orgasm raced through her, was exquisite. Her large firm
breasts, small, waspish waist, flaring to wide sensual hips, and
long tapering thighs, made her the picture of perfection. Bill
couldn't help but compare her to the two women he had just left.
Connie fit almost perfectly between Kim and her mother. Kim had the
hard, slender body of youth, while Rosie was more robust, soft and
plump, but not fat. Connie was the average of the two. 

He was amazed that he hadn't remembered how gorgeous she was and
wondered why he had ever neglected her sexually. Any man in his right
mind would have given almost anything for just one night with this
stunning woman. She had been his for the taking for years and he had
seldom taken advantage of the opportunity. He had been a fool, but
that was all in the past. From now on he intended to give her all
she could handle, and more. If she needed to be dominated, he was
going to be her Master. If she needed pain and abuse, he was going to
torture and humiliate her endlessly. When she wanted to play exotic
sex games, he had two neighbors willing to play and had little doubt
he could recruit more if the need arose.

Bill moved to his wife and began releasing her. He removed the clips
first then lowered the cross to the floor to ease the pressure on her
pussy and unfasten her arms and legs. Finally he slipped the hood
from her head.

Connie recovered in just a matter of moments. When her eyes focused
on her husband, she started begging.

"Please take me, Bill. I need it. I need to be fucked. Oh God, do
anything you want to me. Make me do anything you want. I'll be your
whore and your slave I'll be a slut if you want, but please, please,
fuck me now."

"Yes, dear. You will be my whore, and my slave, and, undoubtedly, a
sex slut, but now, we have to get a few things straight between us. I
have a proposition to offer you. It will clear the air between us and
make what happened in the past just that, long past, forgiven and
forgotten. You really have only two choices. Accept my proposal and
faithfully abide by all the rules, or divorce immediately and suffer
the consequences. This includes having this entire matter brought up
in court, probably costing you your job, and certainly losing all
rights to Jimmy, and any money you might have gotten in a
settlement."

Connie knew she wasn't thinking straight and struggled to clear her
mind. It was difficult, almost impossible, considering her state of
mind, but she did the best she could, under the circumstances. She
listened carefully to what her husband had to say.

"Here's my deal. What you did has caused you to lose all your rights
to equality in this relationship. Now, I know what you were looking
for and I am prepared to give it to you. The catch is that you will
live that life style all day, every day. I will be your Master and
you will be my slave, subservient and always obedient, and subject
to severe punishment for every indiscretion or simply on my whim."

"What about when we are in public or when Jimmy is around?" Connie
asked.

"The beauty of this arrangement is that you don't have to worry
about things like that. I will take all responsibility for our image
in public and at home. You just remember that you are the slave and
do anything and everything I ask. If we are at a dinner party and I
tell you to get under the table and suck off every man there, I will
expect you to do it immediately. If you refuse or hesitate, I will
punish you, probably right there at the party, for all to see."

A picture of what her husband was saying sprang into Connie's mind.
She could see herself under a table, on her hands and knees, moving
from man to man, unzipping his pants and taking his cock in her
mouth, licking and sucking on it until it shot its load of thick
cream in her mouth. Her pussy went into a spasm, and she was off
into another orgasm. God, what had she become? Just the thought of
performing some perverted act was enough to make her cum. When she
calmed down, she realized Bill had just asked her a question.

"It's your choice, Connie. Do you accept the conditions or should I
have my lawyer file for divorce?"

"You are my Master and I am yours to command" she answered, her
voice quaking.

"Good. Let's begin now." 

Connie's tits and nipples were very sore from the three hours of
abuse they had endured, and her pussy still throbbed and ached. Their
long talk had calmed her down somewhat, but she continued to be
extremely horny, and her husband's proposal sounded very exciting to
her. The idea of being his slave appealed to her, especially if the
session he had devised for her earlier this evening was an
indication of what she could expect from him. Her only concern was
that he would revert to his straight and boring manner, leaving her
no choice but to search, again, for someone to satisfy her bizarre
sexual appetite. Connie loved her husband and her son, but since
discovering the thrills of bondage and discipline, she knew that she
could never again return to her old life style, no matter what the
cost.

While all this was going through her mind, Bill had been busy
setting up the other device he had built. Using a few ropes and
pulleys which ran from the ceiling, walls, and floor, he had
fashioned a versatile suspension system. He ordered Connie to roll
over on her stomach and extend her arms and legs as much as
possible. When she was in position, he enclosed her wrists and ankles
in the fleece lined cuffs he had purchased at the sex shop.

He attached the pulley ropes to the rings on the cuffs and began to
pull, first from the sides, then from the top. The result was that
Connie was stretched into a human "X" and raised about three feet
from the floor. Connie appeared to be laying on an invisible table
because the ropes were so taut. There was no sag in her body. The
strain on her arms and legs was considerable. Connie remembered
stories of people being stretched on the rack in Medieval times. This
must be similar, she thought. Bill made a few minor adjustments to
the ropes which left Connie with her head and arms lower than her
feet and legs. She was inclined at about a thirty degree angle.
There was no way to twist her head enough to see Bill. Connie stared
at the floor and contemplated her position.

When Bill stood between her wide spread legs, he had a perfect view
of her gaping pussy, soft, smooth thighs, and rounded hillocks of her
ass. Since she was stretched as tight as a piano wire, she knew he
was also looking right into the wrinkled, brown, pucker of her
asshole. Being so exposed, even if it was just to her husband, made
Connie heat up again. She also realized how vulnerable she was. Her
most intimate private parts were open and available. 

She was not in much pain right now, but knew that could change
quickly, if Bill decided to whip, spank, or paddle her. He might
concentrate on her ass, but she knew she would take some blows right
where it hurt most, on her pussy, asshole, and thighs. The
anticipation of this was making the juice run out of her pussy and
causing her to tremble. This was not lost on Bill, who also saw the
goose bumps form on her smooth skin. He knew she was ready, and so
was he.

Connie never saw the leather paddle in his hand and was not prepared
when the first blow landed squarely on her ass cheeks. The force of
the blow made her bounce up and down, putting even more strain on her
arms and legs. She screamed before she could get control of herself.
Bill had chosen the same paddle Kim had picked for her mother. The
metal studs left purple dots all over her creamy ass. A flurry of
stokes rained on her poor, unprotected bottom, and Connie's screams
rose in pitch and volume. Teardrops streamed down her face and
dropped to the floor. 

Bill had learned enough from Kim and Rosie to know that the tears
and screams were real, but not a sign for him to stop. Fear, pain,
and helplessness, were all components of the process. It had to be
realistic for the victim to get maximum enjoyment. Admittedly, the
realism made the whole procedure more enjoyable for him as well.

He had switched to a short leather whip that ended with several
long, thin, strands. When these hit the skin, they spread out,
leaving angry, red, lines of fire behind. Bill was busily snapping
this whip against his wife's thighs, concentrating on the smooth and
sensitive inner portion. Connie's screams changed to shrieks,
especially when some strands found their way into her pussy, which
was already gaping open from the abuse it had suffered while on the
St. Andrew's cross. He was whipping her inside her pussy! The pain
was indescribable, but delicious.

"Yessssss!. My pussy. Whip my pussy. Make it bleed, whip it
raaawwwww!!!" Connie was yelling at the top of her lungs, and
threatening to pull her arms and legs out of their sockets by
thrashing around so much.

Bill complied and aimed five quick, hard strokes right into the vee
of her crotch. The leather strands fanned out, snapping with a soggy
splat against her labia, burying deep into the wet cavern of her
cunt, digging into the crease of her ass to pop agonizingly against
her sphincter, and cracking against her clitoris, which had abandoned
its protective hood and stood proud and erect, begging for
punishment.

Connie stiffened with this last onslaught of blows. Orgasms swept
through her, obliterating all the pain. She came again and again,
literally squirting cum from her palpitating pussy. 

Bill dropped the whip and ripped off his clothes. When he sank his
cock into her convulsing cunt the heat almost made him cum
immediately and he had to fight for control. Connie was not able to
move, to fuck him, but it was not necessary. Her slick cuntal walls
rippled up and down the length of his steel shaft, gripping his cock
in a hot spongy glove, milking him. Connie's whole body quivered like
a vibrator. 

Bill's cock lodged deep in her cunt sent Connie off on another
series of cums, even more intense than the ones she had just
experienced. She had never known such pleasure was possible. It
fleetingly crossed her mind that the pain she had suffered was a
small price to pay for such ecstasy. She would be willing to undergo
much more, to reach this height of orgasmic bliss. All the pain and
humiliation she had suffered at the hands of other men had ultimately
brought her the relief she sought, but nothing compared to what she
was experiencing with her husband. Connie realized what a fool she
had been. She had been looking for happiness in all the wrong places
when it had been right here at home all the time.

Bill came. It seemed like gallons of hot, thick, cum pumped through
his prick, scalding Connie's insides. There was too much for her
pussy to hold and it leaked out around his cock, puddling on the
floor beneath them. Bill couldn't believe it. He had already cum
twice tonight, but this time was the best. Did it always get better
each time you did it? Was it the bondage and discipline? Was it
because he was punishing his wife for her past indiscretions? Or was
it because he thoroughly enjoyed dominating women, and his beautiful
wife seemed to appreciate it so much? He didn't really know, or care,
for that matter. Bill just knew that he had never enjoyed an evening
so much. Rosie, Kim, and now Connie, had given him a night he would
remember forever. He vowed it wouldn't be the last.

It was very late when he released his wife and they went upstairs to
their bedroom. They were exhausted, but neither could sleep. They
stayed awake talking until almost morning before they finally
collapsed, nestled in each other's arms.

When they woke, late the next morning, Connie and Bill knew they
were not the same people who had lived in this house the day before.
Their lives were taking a turn and neither of them knew where they
would end. They did know it had been a long time since they had been
as in love with each other as they were now, and they had a
commitment to see this new phase of their life through, wherever it
may lead.

During their talk they had been completely honest with each other.
Connie had told him her entire story, how she had dreamed about
bondage for a long time, her affair with Steve and her introduction
into the real world of bondage and discipline. She told him about the
men and women she had been with and how they had all helped to
further her education. Connie even told him about her last meeting
with Steve, when he had introduced her to another Master who was
supposed to take his place when he left for Asia.

Bill's story was, of course, much shorter, but he told Connie about
Rosie and Kim. Connie found herself becoming jealous as he talked,
but remembered she had no right to criticize or be judgemental. She
was a little taken aback when he told about Kim joining in, she was
so young. As Bill continued, Connie's attitude changed, she found
herself wishing her mother had been more like Rosie. It would have
kept her from wasting so much time. Kim was a very lucky girl. She
was lucky to have a mother who understood the most basic needs of a
woman, and lucky to have Bill to bring her such pleasure at such a
tender age. The only thing Bill kept to himself was his deeper
understanding of Kim's true nature. It would serve no purpose to
tell Connie now, and Kim would act submissive until he decided it was
time for her to break out of that role.

They set some ground rules. Much of the time they would follow their
normal patterns, although Connie was never to forget her slave
status. A couple of key words or actions would trigger their new
roles. If Bill addressed Connie as "Cee" she would know to
immediately assume her slave posture, head bowed, arms behind her
back, and eyes downcast. When he fastened her leather collar around
her neck she lost all her rights and equality and became his
possession, a toy to use as he wished. For her part, Connie could
signal her desire to slip into her submissive role by addressing
Bill as Master or by appearing before him naked and handcuffed.

Bill spent much of Saturday in his basement workshop. He completely
soundproofed the room, installed new locks, and added a couple of new
bondage and torture devices to his growing collection. He wanted to
make sure that they could play their games without fear of Jimmy
hearing or interrupting them, and certainly didn't want to have to
wait until Jimmy was gone for the evening. Part of the excitement he
and Connie felt was because of the spontaneity. Each knew the other
could start the game at any given moment. Bill wanted to have the
freedom to act when the urge struck, and he expected the urge to
strike often.

He managed to slip next door to let Rosie and Kim in on what had
transpired, and suggested they drop in about five for a drink. It
would be a good test for Connie. He would invoke her slave posture in
front of them and watch how she responded. Depending on her reaction,
they might all retire to the basement for an evening of fun.

The two of them eagerly accepted the invitation. Rosie was only too
happy to have another sex session, and Kim was excited about seeing
another woman's reaction to pain and bondage. Besides, she was still
waiting for Bill to finally fuck her, with luck, tonight would be the
night.




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club
CHAPTER 6

Connie just relaxed around the house most of the day.  Bill was
furiously working in the basement and had let her know he didn't wish
to be disturbed.  She didn't mind. There was a lot to think about,
and besides, if she got lucky, she would need to be as rested as
possible for the evening.

Connie had always been a highly sexed woman.  She had led a
sheltered life in high school and college, but there had been the
usual sexual experimentation with several boyfriends.  It was always
enjoyable and Connie had no trouble cumming.  She was always left
with the feeling that there was something better or something
missing, but put this down to inexperience, both hers and her
partners.

In her freshman year of college she and her roommate, a gorgeous
brunette, had even played around a bit.  Connie had not been turned
off, although she really preferred men.  In fact, it had been Jill
who had first introduced her to spanking as a form of sex play.

They would have a contest to see who could clean up their part of
the room first.  The loser had to pay a forfeit, usually ten hard
spanks on each ass cheek.  This usually made them both hot, and ended
with a fingering and licking session.  Although she hadn't thought
about Jill and their fun times in years, Connie now realized she had
almost always managed to lose.  Jill hadn't seemed to have a
preference but Connie had enjoyed receiving the spanking more than
giving it.

She was just out of college and working at her first teaching job
when she met Bill. They dated frequently and began getting serious. 
Sex with Bill was straight and a little boring, but Connie hadn't
thought it a problem.  

Bill never seemed to want sex as much as Connie.  Earlier in their
marriage she had tried all the tricks to interest him, but soon gave
up trying.  They fell into the old married-couple pattern of sex once
or twice a month, if they got around to it.  That was when her dreams
started.

She began having very erotic and intense dreams.  They usually
happened once or twice a month, but became gradually more frequent. 
She often woke in a cold sweat, nipples erect, and highly agitated. 
It was the content of the dreams that bothered her. They weren't the
usual "wet"  dreams the guys talked about.  Connie saw herself in a
variety of situations.  Sometimes she was a harem girl, or a
captured spy being forced to tell her secrets.  She had dreamed she
was a hooker, and a rape victim.  One particularly vivid dream kept
recurring.

There was a huge room, and she was naked, in front of a large
audience.  She was suspended from the ceiling and was being whipped
while the crowd cheered and called for more.  After the whipping she
was passed around the audience and forced to participate in filthy
and degrading forms of sex with men, women, couples, and groups. 
Each time she had this dream it seemed to get more deviant.  The
unsettling thing was that the more bizarre it got the more turned on
she was when she woke!

It was at the height of these dreams that she met Steve.  He was an
employee who worked in Bill's company.  He managed overseas
operations and had lived in many strange places.  Steve was charming
and had interesting stories to tell about the customs, particularly
sexual ones, of obscure, mostly Asian cultures.  One of his stories
had to do with the torturing of women for sexual purposes.  Connie
had latched on to this, wanting to learn more.

Connie was probably the last person someone would consider if they
were thinking about adulteresses.  She would never have an affair,
but she did.  Her unsatisfactory sex life, Bill's indifference, and
curiosity about the substance of her dreams made her do it.

Steve was perfect.  He was single, rich, and deeply involved in
bondage and discipline.  Over the course of six months, he slowly
brought Connie along until she was so immersed in the scene that she
no longer cared about anything else.  She was hooked on pain,
bondage, and humiliation, as much as any junkie on cocaine or heroin.
 She had to have it.  Nothing else could satisfy the tremendous
urges and cravings she had for the release it gave her.

When Steve told her he was being transferred overseas, she was
crushed, and a little panicked.  He introduced her to a friend of
his, someone who was willing to take her on as a slave in his
extensive harem.  Connie had met with him and had enjoyed the
session.  The problem was that he was not willing to let her live
her life with Bill and come to him when she needed him.  He wanted a
commitment.  She had to be his slave, always available.  Connie knew
it would mean giving up her entire life.

Her only other choice was to find different men, pickups, who would
give her what she needed when it was convenient for her.  She knew
how dangerous this could be. When you are naked and tied up, you are
at your partner's mercy.  She could easily wind up maimed, scarred
for life, or even dead.

Going back to her boring life with Bill was not an option.  Connie
was climbing the walls and having her terrible dreams again just two
weeks after Steve left.  This was when she told Bill what she had
been doing.  Her decision had been made, she was going to go to Dan,
Steve's friend, and accept his conditions.  Telling Bill was her
last ditch effort, a cry for him to help her find a way out of this
mess she had created.  It had worked out better than expected.

Connie smiled.  She was drifting along in that dreamy state,
half-awake, half-asleep, thinking about her incredible luck.  On the
verge of throwing away her entire life, she now had everything she
could possibly want.  She knew her husband was new to the bondage and
discipline scene, but she had seen him at work.  He was good, and
seemed to want to get better.  From what he had told her about his
evening with Rosie and Kim, he had discarded his prim and proper
image and was now totally committed to debauchery.  It pleased
Connie.  The more deviant he became, the better she liked it.  

Connie was mildly surprised to answer the door and find Rosie and
Kim standing on the porch.  When they mentioned Bill's invitation, it
crossed her mind that he must have a plan.  She called down to Bill,
he told her to fix everyone a drink,  and he would be right up to
join them.

When he came upstairs, the women were all seated in the den.  Rosie
and Connie were having a cocktail and Kim was sipping a coke.  Bill's
martini was waiting for him.

Connie examined her neighbors carefully while they all made small
talk.  She found it hard to believe the story Bill had told her. 
They seemed like a perfectly respectable mother and daughter.  Kim,
if anything, was much more pleasant and mature than any of the girls
Jimmy had brought home, although she was about the same age.  

If there was any clue to their private behavior it was in their
dress.  Mother and daughter had chosen outfits that exuded sex. 
Rosie wore a short sun-dress, cut very low in the back and revealing
her tits, almost to the nipples.  It was obvious that she was not
wearing a bra.  Her hemline only came to about mid-thigh, and seated
on the couch, even higher.  Connie saw a flash of her panties when
she crossed her legs.

Kim had on a halter top, more like the top to a bikini bathing suit,
revealing a deep, rich tan that Connie suspected might be all over. 
Her long, slim, legs were accented by her tight, white, shorts. 
Connie saw the bulge of the young girl's pussy clearly outlined.  A
faint darkness there probably meant she wasn't wearing panties.

Connie was startled when she realized Bill was telling them that she
wasn't really his wife, but was his slave.  "Really,"  Rosie said. 
"A lot of men joke about their wives that way, but I find that very
few can really dominate a woman, even with her consent."

"I'll prove it to you"  Bill answered.  "What would you like to see
her do?  Make it something you know she wouldn't do under normal
circumstances."

Connie felt her face get red and hot as Rosie and her husband talked
about her like she wasn't even there.

"Have her raise her T-shirt and pinch her nipples until they get
hard."

"Mom, I'd like to see her pull down her panties and ask each of us
to spank her bare bottom, like you make me do"  Kim added.

"Those both sound like good suggestions. Cee, you heard them.  They
want a show."

Connie was slow to react.  She had performed in front of people
before, but that was with Steve and with people who didn't know her. 
This was different.

Bill's response was swift.  He yanked her out of her chair and
ripped her blouse from her in one motion.  Connie was too stunned to
move while Bill put the collar around her neck and fastened the
snaps.  

"I gave you an order, you worthless, slut.  Pinch your nipples
yourself or I'll whip your tits until they bleed"  he barked, glaring
at her.

Connie's hands flew to her chest.  She pulled and twisted her own
nipples until they got red and stiff.  They were still sore from the
clips he had used on her yesterday, but it didn't matter.  Once she
overcame the initial shock of having to do such shameless things in
front of her neighbors, Connie slipped into her role comfortably.
Bill had told her that it was his job to worry about their public
image, her job was only to obey.

Still mauling her tits, Connie crossed to the couch and turned her
back to her company.  She bent forward at the waist, pushing her ass
right into Kim's face, and slowly peeled her panties down to her
thighs.

"Please spank me"  she pleaded.  "I have been a bad slave and I need
to be punished.  Spank me until I cry and my Master is satisfied I
have suffered enough.  I promise I will never be slow to obey an
order again."

Kim put quite a bit of effort into her spanking of Connie, then
turned the woman's thoroughly reddened ass over to her mother.  Rosie
got up from the couch so she could put her weight behind her blows. 
The first smack brought tears to Connie's eyes and she was sobbing
after five hits.  When Rosie finished, Bill made Connie stand with
her skirt raised so everyone could see how red her ass cheeks were.
Although she had quit playing with her nipples, they were still
quite hard, and jutted out proudly from the center of her ample tits,
betraying how excited the spanking and humiliation she had made her.

Kim was rubbing her crotch as she eyed Bill's obvious erection. 
Rosie had noticed it as well and moved over to kneel in front of him.

"Do you have any orders for me, Master?"  she questioned.

"As a matter of fact, I do."  Bill replied.  "But they will have to
wait until we get downstairs.  Jimmy is at baseball practice and
could walk in at any minute.  He hasn't been brought up the way
you've raised Kim and I think he would be shocked to see his mother
with her tits hanging out and her ass beet red, and his father with
his cock in his neighbor's mouth."

Kim giggled.  "You might be surprised.  He's been trying all this
year to get into my pants.  He has finger-fucked me a few times, and
I've given him a few hand jobs. He's built just like you, and
certainly seems ready to go."

Bill and Connie were a little taken aback.  They just couldn't think
of their son that way.  He was still a child to them, although they
couldn't deny Kim seemed capable of handling herself like an adult. 
Connie couldn't wait to see Kim and Rosie together.  A
mother-daughter relationship was possibly even more bizarre than one
between a mother and her son.  After all, she had considered Kim
lucky when Bill had told her about the bond between the two, maybe
Jimmy deserved the same training.

When they got to the basement, Bill immediately assumed his Master's
role.  All three women were happy to let him take charge.  

"I will now entertain any particular requests you may have.  Once we
begin, you will not be allowed to ask for favors, unless you are
willing to be severely punished."  Bill said.

Rosie spoke first.  "Please Master, I've not been fucked in the ass
for a long time.  I really like having a cock stuffed deep in my ass,
especially after my bottom's been spanked or whipped."

"I want to lose my virginity."  Kim said.  "I want to know how it
feels to be a real woman and satisfy my Master with every part of my
body."

Connie said nothing for a moment, realizing she needed to speak up
or lose her chance, she hastily said, "I want pain.  Torture me until
the pain almost makes me lose my mind.  Hurt me so bad that I offer
my soul to the Devil and promise to do anything He asks.  I need to
be broken, in both mind and body.  Whoever brings me to that point
will have a true slave, willing to do anything and everything.  That
person can be my devil."

Bill thought a long time before he answered.  "I think I can
accommodate you all tonight"  Bill answered.  "I'm going to hurt
you,"  he said to Connie, "and since you seem to want it so badly,
I'm going to hurt you a lot.  When you reach your breaking point and
make your offer to me I'll give you a test.  If you refuse to do
what I ask I'll know you were faking, and the punishment will be both
severe and inescapable."

His warning to Connie sent shivers up and down the spines of all
three women.  They knew he was telling the truth, and they were
afraid.  They were already horny from Connie's show, the atmosphere
of the basement torture chamber, and the anticipation of the night's
entertainment.  The fear just added to it.  Kim and Rosie had seen
Bill in action with two girls.  They could imagine how exciting it
was going to be with three.

Connie knew she had no right to be jealous of Kim and Rosie.  She
also knew there wasn't a damn thing she could do about them.  Bill
had made it clear that he was in control and would do what he
pleased.  She did make a vow to herself that she was going to be
Bill's favorite.  He may have three women as slaves, but she was
going to take more punishment and work harder to please him.  She
didn't realize the other two girls were thinking the same thing!

"How should we begin?"  Bill questioned, more to himself then to the
girls.  "I think a silent auction might be fun.  I'm going to select
a whip or paddle.  I want each of you to write down how many hits you
can take from it.  The person with the highest number goes first and
gets slightly lighter blows.  The first one to take their full number
without screaming gets to ask another favor.  If none of you make it
all the way I'll choose another device and we'll go again."  

He selected a wide leather strap, similar to a razor strop, but not
quite so thick.  It would cover a lot of area with each blow, and
would make a great deal of sound, but do relatively little damage. 

It didn't really take Bill too long to figure out what was going on
among his three slaves once he saw the number of hits they had chosen
to take.  They were silently competing to see who could take the most
pain.  Now that he knew this, it would be easy, and fun, to pit them
against each other.

Connie won, having asked for fifty strokes.  Bill had her strip
completely, then fastened her in his latest creation.  It was an
improvement on the ropes and pulleys he had used on her earlier. 
Basically, it consisted of a large square frame.  Each corner held
leather cuffs fixed to chains, which were attached to ratchet gears
so they could be tightened with incredible force.  The entire unit
sat inside an outer frame and spun on a central point.  After the
victim was placed in the cuffs, they were tightened equally on all
four sides.  This left the victim, Connie, suspended, centered in the
frame.  The inner frame could then be spun to the desired position,
head up, down, parallel to the floor, or any angle between. 
Tightening a bolt kept her frozen in that position until changed. 
The beauty of it was that the victim could be placed in virtually any
position and fastened there, appearing to float in mid air, and
giving the Master total access to any and all body parts to do with
as he pleased.

Bill positioned his wife with her body at a forty-five degree angle,
 leaving her back side exposed to the whip.  He had decided to give
the first twenty-five cuts to her back and ass, and the last
twenty-five to her tits, stomach, and pussy.  Kim and Rosie got on
either side of the frame, intensely interested in the proceedings. 
They knew their turn would be coming soon.




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club
CHAPTER 7

It felt great.  Connie was confident she could endure the fifty cuts
of the whip.  She was stretched so tightly in the frame that
absolutely no movement was possible.  Bill had rubbed and patted her
ass after he had spun her into position, and Connie had sucked in her
breath in surprise.  She could hardly even clench her cheeks
together. Her skin was so tight and sensitive she could feel the
breeze from the air conditioner moving across her exposed flesh,
blowing against the fine, light-colored hairs and tickling her.

Connie could not see her husband in this position so she was not
prepared when the first blow smacked against her meaty ass cheek with
an ear splitting splat.  It burned like she had been touched with a
red hot branding iron.  Bill rained ten hard blows across Connie's
ass in rapid succession leaving the woman panting to control
herself.

"Christ.  This hurts,"  Connie thought to herself.  She was choking
back tears and breathing rapidly, trying to keep a scream from
tearing from her throat.  Her ass burned and throbbed.  She felt the
heat rising from her smooth globes and knew they were now a deep
crimson color.  What was more important to Connie was the fire she
felt deep inside her, in the pit of her stomach, spreading through
her entire pelvic area, affecting her pussy and even making her tits
and nipples hard.

Bill moved his target area to the small of her back.  The whip
cracked against the groove of her spine, from her tailbone to the
area between her shoulders.  The pain was more intense but somehow
seemed easier to bear.  Connie relaxed and took the pain deep inside
her.  Because of the proximity, this series of cuts affected her
tits more than her pussy.  By the time he stopped to rest Connie was
a quivering mass of jangled nerve endings, waiting for enough
stimulation to trigger her first orgasm.  Bill knew enough to make
her wait.

While he was waiting for his wife to calm down, Bill spun the frame,
angling her head down toward the floor and raising the wide "Vee"  of
her thighs and pussy.  He was preparing to whip her thighs with the
next few strokes.

The whip cracked against the back of Connie's thigh. Pain exploded
through her entire body.  Stars appeared behind her closed eyes and
she bit her bottom lip to keep from screaming out.  

Her thighs had always been very sensitive.  When she had been a
little girl, her mother had used a thin switch to punish her.  Even
then, she had felt it most when the switch had cut into the backs of
her thighs.  It soon had her dancing and crying, promising to be
good.  

Now that she was grown and had discovered that agony could also
cause great pleasure, the searing stabs of pain as the whip snapped
against her creamy thighs caused the juices in her cunt to gush. 
Bill, Kim, and Rosie had a clear view of her winking pussy as it
worked, convulsing in unison with the waves of torment coursing
through her widespread, taunt, body.

Connie felt her desire build each time the cruel leather strap beat
against the soft flesh of her thighs.  As Bill focused on the more
sensitive inner portion of her thighs, the woman knew she was nearing
a climax.

"Just a few more strokes,"  she thought.  "If he hits my pussy I'll
cum so hard I'll probably tear my limbs out of their sockets.  I'm so
near, so close to cumming. Please,"  she begged silently, "hit me
just a little harder."

It was almost as if Bill was reading her mind.  He stopped abruptly,
spinning her head over heels, until her angle was reversed, leaving
her tits, stomach, and pussy fully exposed to the abuse of the whip.

"That's enough for that position.  You have twenty strokes coming. 
I'll let you rest a moment then we'll see how you react to having
your tits and pussy whipped."

Connie moaned out loud.  "Please, Master.  Don't make me wait.  I
need it now. Make me cum.  Whip my tits, beat me, use that whip as
hard as you can!"

"Silence, Slave!"  he barked.  "I'll decide when to whip you and how
hard it's going to be."

Bill spoke to Kim and Rosie, although Connie heard and shivered in
anticipation.  "I'm going to split the last twenty by giving her five
on each tit, five on her stomach.  The last five will hit right on
her pussy."

Rosie's hands moved instinctively to cover her large tits,
protecting them from the pain she knew her neighbor was about to
experience.  Kim squeezed her sleek thighs together, imagining the
agony of being whipped between her legs, having the thick leather
slap against the soft folds of her virgin cunt.  Kim shuddered, just
thinking about it, but she was very excited knowing she was going to
see it happen to Connie.

Connie could only wait, her body quivering with anxiety.  She knew
it was going to hurt, but she desperately wanted Bill to continue. 
The force of the first blow caught her by surprise.  It drove the
hard nubbin of her erect nipple deep into her soft breast flesh. 
Connie's eyes widened, her mouth gaped, and strange, mewing, animal
sounds gurgled out of her.  She was too stunned to scream.  The pain
was more intense than anyone could have possibly imagined.  It felt
as if her tit was being torn from her body.

The second blow flattened her other tit, causing the same,
penetrating flash of anguish.  One more crushing blow on each
tortured mound of pulsating breast flesh sent the woman off into a
world of her own.  Her eyes had rolled back, her mouth hung slack,
saliva drooling down the side of her face.  She saw and heard
nothing, she only felt.  What she felt was indescribable.  The pain
seemed to race around her body, finally centering deep inside her. 
It turned her inside out, exposing all the nerve endings.  Her whole
body burned like she was immersed in boiling water.  Her tits went
completely numb, refusing to accept any more abuse, although Bill
continued to slap her tender mounds with the strap.

By the time she became aware of her surroundings again she realized
he had already finished punishing her soft, white stomach and had
spun her so that she was almost turned upside down.  Bill was
standing between her wide spread legs, looking into her gaping pussy,
which was wet from the thick juice that leaked continuously from her
slick love tunnel.

Connie stared, almost in disbelief, as the heavy leather strap
crashed into her most private and sensitive area.  The wet, soggy
sound of leather striking moist soft flesh, reached her ears at
almost the same time the pain reached the center of her brain.

"Yes,"  she hollered, at the top of her lungs.  "Yeeesssssss! 
I'mmmmmmm cummmiiiinnnngg!"  she shrieked.

She no longer felt the pain.  Every cell in her body exploded in the
most intense orgasm she had ever experienced.  It didn't subside. 
Every time Bill hit her pussy with the strap her orgasm spiraled
higher, starting at the point her last one had peaked. This was
heaven.  Connie had never felt such ecstasy.

Rosie and Kim envied the woman as they stared into her palpitating
pussy, seeing the steady stream of white, frothy, cum oozing from
between the delicate folds of her red, puffy, labia.  Each time the
strap struck, the lips flattened, further exposing the erect,
vibrating, tissue of the woman's clit to the abuse of the whip. 
This tiny collection of pure nerve endings that served as the core of
a woman's sexual being was receiving maximum stimulation, sending
Connie into paroxysms of orgasmic bliss.

Connie had been moved to an upright position when she finally
recovered.  She was sore, not only from the strapping, but also
internally, where her muscles had contracted violently from the
orgasms.  Bill released her arms and legs from the cuffs and helped
her get down.  Connie found it difficult to stand on her own.  Her
legs were so weak they refused to hold her.  Bill helped her to a
chair and settled her in it. He tied her wrists to the arms of the
chair and her ankles to the chair legs.  Connie was disappointed when
he told her about how she had screamed and lost the contest. She
hadn't remembered screaming, in fact, she hadn't remembered much
after Bill had started using the strap on her tits.

Rosie was the next to undergo the torture of the strap.  She had
chosen to take forty blows.  The woman shivered with anticipation as
Bill stripped her and fastened her in the frame.  Watching Connie's
punishment had filled the woman with dread, but had also started her
juices flowing from excitement.  She had no idea if she could take
her strapping without screaming, but she was ready to try.

Bill chose to split her forty whacks half and half.  There would be
twenty to the ass, thighs, and back, and the remaining twenty to her
front, concentrating on her huge, fleshy tits.  He knew from
experience that Rosie really liked having her breasts abused.

The first ten pops on her plump ass cheeks had Rosie gritting her
teeth and moaning. Her ass was on fire and the flames were already
beginning to flicker in her pussy. She could feel the juice seeping
out, making her cunt lips slick.  Each time the leather strap smacked
her ass, her nether lips rubbed against each other and the erect,
female-prick of her clit, sending waves of sexual titillation
coursing through her veins.

By the time Bill spun the frame, exposing her front to the lash,
Rosie was panting, extremely aroused.  Her tits were engorged with
blood, firming them, and making them sit on her chest with little
sag.  Her nipples stood out from the brown, puckered areolae like
soldiers at attention.  They begged to be kissed, and Bill was not
going to disappoint them.  He intended to kiss them repeatedly with
the strap.

"Crack."  The sound reminded Connie of the sound of a well-hit
baseball as it left the bat.  She watched the muscles in her
husband's arm and shoulder bunch as he swung the strap again and
again at the poor, suffering woman.  There was nothing she could do
for her neighbor, and she seriously doubted if the woman would
welcome her interference, although she was now screaming, begging for
Bill to stop.  Connie felt proud that she had at least made it until
he whipped her pussy before breaking down.

Bill knew Rosie was not pretending.  He was putting almost full
force behind each of his blows.  The strap dug into her tits,
flattening them. They jiggled and rolled around her chest as he
pulled back preparing for the next strike.  Bill changed her
position for the next few cuts of the strap.  

With her feet high in the air and her head almost touching the
floor, Rosie's tits rolled back on her shoulders, almost touching her
face.  The soft, creamy-white, and extremely sensitive undersurface
was now exposed.  When Bill directed the strap to this area, Rosie
nearly went insane.

"Nooooo!!  Oh Goooddddd.  I can't stand it.  Stoopppp.  Please,
ssssttoopppp. You're killing meeeeee!"  

Rosie was shrieking.  Her voice had gone hoarse and gravelly.  Tears
poured from her eyes.  Her head whipped from side to side as she
tried to shake off the terrible pain that raced through her body each
time the strap snapped violently against the smooth skin that had
seldom seen daylight, much less the cruelty of the whip.

Rosie wasn't fooling anybody, least of all, her daughter.  Kim
watched, with wide eyes, as her mother's tits turned pink, then red,
then a dark, splotchy purple.  She knew the agony her mother was
feeling, but she also saw the copious flow of thick, love-juice
trickling from Rosie's pussy, soaking her long, silky, pubic hair,
and coating her pelvis and stomach.  Her mother was hot . . . 
sluttishly, whorishly, cum-crazed hot.

When the strap hit squarely on her pussy lips, the lubrication from
Rosie's pussy flew in all directions.  Rosie bit her lip, drawing
blood, as skyrockets went off behind her eyes.  The release she had
been waiting for, a climax of epic proportions flooded over her. 
They all watched as her stomach muscles knotted, giving it the
classic washboard effect.  Her toes curled, and the tendons in her
thighs stood out.  They could see her entire body vibrating like a
tuning fork.  Her pussy clenched and relaxed.  It looked like a wet,
toothless mouth chewing a tough piece of meat.  Cum was actually
shooting out of her cunt in several thick, syrupy, ropes.  Bill had
never seen a woman ejaculate like a man.  He was so fascinated, he
almost forgot to finish her strapping.  Rosie never felt the last
blows.  Her brain finally shut down, unable to process pleasure of
such intensity and duration.  She passed out for several minutes.

By the time Rosie regained her senses she had been removed from the
frame and tied in a chair like her neighbor.  Although her eyes were
still glassy, she could see her daughter had taken her place in the
frame and Bill was preparing to introduce the young girl to the joys
of the strap.

"Please, Master.  Do it as hard as you did to Connie and my mother,"
 Kim said.  "I know you took it easy on me before.  This time, I want
to feel what they felt.  I know it will hurt.  I'll probably scream
and beg for you to stop, but I saw what it did for them at the end. 
I know that great pain brings even greater pleasure and I'm willing
to suffer anything for the pleasure I saw in them."

Bill let her speak.  He could see how scared she was by the way she
trembled.  The passion in her voice told him she was being sincere
and he decided to give her what she wanted.  Although she had asked
for the fewest blows, taking thirty hard cuts from the thick leather
strap was no small undertaking.

A quick spin of the frame positioned the frightened girl with her
face to the floor and her bottom high, ready for the strap.  Bill saw
her buttocks squeeze together in anticipation.  He waited for her to
relax then quickly snapped the weapon against one of her milk-white
globes.  A wide, red, stripe, marred the otherwise perfect
appearance of the young girl's plump, but very firm ass.

With perfect control, Bill overlapped each stripe with the next,
leaving her previously unblemished hemispheres blazing red and fiery
hot.  It was the heat that amazed Kim. Nothing her mother had ever
done to her compared with the burning she felt now, and it
transferred right into her equally hot pussy.

"Harder,"  she moaned.  "Burn my ass.  Bury that strap right in my
asshole.  I want you to whip my tits and pussy, just like you did to
them."

Bill didn't answer her, but did manage to land two hard blows in the
deep crease of her gorgeous ass.  He thought, "If she wants her
asshole blistered, that's what I'll do. If she gets pleasure from
that, we'll have to see how she likes getting fucked up the poop
chute."

Kim was, in fact, experiencing great pleasure.  When the first blow
split her ass cheeks and popped loudly against her sphincter, rockets
shot off in her head.  Her ass was sensitive and she had often
masturbated by inserting various objects up her ass. The second blow
produced no pain, just jarring bolts of electricity racing through
her body.  They seemed to run from her ass to her pussy, up to her
tits, then back again. She came.  

She moaned loudly as she hit each peak.  Tremors ran through her. 
Bill was afraid she might injure herself by jerking so hard against
the frame.  Rosie and Connie knew it was only the beginning for the
young nymph.  Once Bill began to work on her tits and pussy with the
strap, she would soar to heights of orgasmic bliss she had never
known existed.

They were right.  Her tits had the weight and contour of maturity
but the firmness and sensitivity of youth.  When the strap landed
squarely on her left nipple, the color changed instantly from a soft
coral-pink to a dark, purplish, red.  Searing, white-hot, heat
coursed through her, exploding behind her eyes.

"Eeeeaaahhhh!"  the tortured teen yelled.  "Again.  Burn my tits
with that strap.  Hit me again, haaarrderrrrrr!"

Her unseasoned nipples felt like they had been touched with the lit
end of a cigarette. Her tit flesh was so hard it barely flattened
with each slice of the whip.  With every burning blow, Kim soared,
spiraling upward on the crest of a tidal wave of ecstasy.  

Her young and overactive glands were secreting so much vaginal fluid
that it spilled from her tight pussy and ran in rivulets down her
stomach, coating even her firm mounds of tit flesh.  Every time the
strap landed droplets of the slick, odoriferous, liquid flew in all
directions.  The scent of pure, animal-like, lust permeated the air.

Kim was too far gone to even realize her pussy was being mauled by
the strap.  She floated in a sea of orgasms, her body consisting of
only raw, exposed nerves, which continuously ignited, burned like a
fuse, then exploded, showers of pure euphoria saturating her mind and
body.

Bill's raging hard-on demanded relief.  His balls ached, swollen
from the buildup of spunk.  He couldn't help smiling to himself.  He
hadn't had a case of "blue balls" since high school.  What he really
wanted was to plunge his stiff rod into the still spasming body of
his youngest slave, but knew she would be disappointed to discover
she had been deflowered and hadn't even known it.

Connie had only sucked his cock a few times in their marriage and
had never swallowed his cum.  Bill decided Rosie would tongue his
balls and asshole while using her talented hands to keep him from
shooting off too soon.  Connie would remain tied- up, forced to take
his cock all the way down her throat until he came, pouring his jism
right into her belly.

By the time they finished Kim had fully recovered.  The adults all
agreed that the youngest member of the group had fulfilled her
contract and deserved to be granted the favor.  She had yelled, but
she had yelled for more, and that certainly was the spirit, if not
the letter, of the contest.

Bill was the most shocked over her request.  He had assumed she
would ask to dominate one or both of the women.  Instead, she asked
for Jimmy to be allowed to join their next session.  After much
argument, it was Connie who settled the matter.

"Rosie and Kim have managed to do this without complications.  I see
no reason we couldn't do the same with Jimmy, besides, if this is to
be a regular occurrence, it will be easier to include him than try to
hide it from him."

They discussed several plans, finally deciding that catching the boy
in a trap would be the best.  Although they were all exhausted, and
the ladies extremely sore, they agreed to put the plan into action
the next day.  

Rosie dressed then went to her house to get some cream that she
guaranteed would take the soreness out of them and have them ready
for anything in twenty-four hours. Rubbing on the cream brought on a
little girl play, but they were all too tired to get very serious
about it.  Rosie and Kim both got dressed and went home.

Bill and Connie stayed in the basement talking for about an hour
then dressed and went upstairs, falling into a deep sleep when their
heads hit the pillows.




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club
CHAPTER 8

Jimmy was worried. He knew his parents were having problems because
he had been sent to friends houses several times recently. When his
folks needed to talk, they always preferred to do it when he wasn't
at home. 

If his parents divorced it certainly wouldn't make him unique at
school, in fact, most of his friends had divorced parents. That
didn't make it any easier, though. He loved his mom and his dad. It
would be difficult to choose between them. Most of his friends lived
with their mom and saw their dad on weekends and holidays. Jimmy
guessed he would probably do the same, if it came to that.

He looked out the window and saw Kim spreading a blanket in her back
yard. She was getting ready to take a sun bath. Her tiny white bikini
showed off her exquisite figure. Kim was easily the best endowed girl
at school and Jimmy felt his prick beginning to stir.

Although his neighbor was a year older, she had always been nice to
him. They had even played around a few times this year. Kim had let
him feel her big knockers and suck on her nipples. Jimmy had marveled
at how they had puckered and grown, just like his cock. There had
even been a couple of times he had managed to get his hand in her
panties, fingering her hot, moist slit. She had seemed to enjoy it,
and it gave him a hot fantasy to think about while he masturbated,
which he did a lot lately. 

Jimmy was a good-looking boy with coloring and facial features like
his mom, but a build like his dad. He was about average height for a
fifteen-year old, and a little on the stocky side. He knew from
taking showers in P.E. that he was pretty well endowed in the cock
department, at least compared to the other guys his age. 

Like any boy his age, all he seemed to think about was sex. He had
never fucked a girl and it was beginning to become an obsession with
him. Of all the girls he knew, Kim seemed the most likely candidate,
other than his mother, of course. Jimmy knew it was wrong to think
about fucking his own mother, but he couldn't help himself. His
friends at school kept saying what a fox his mom was. The boy agreed,
although he didn't tell them. His mom was his second favorite woman
to picture while he beat his meat. He could close his eyes and see
her firm, naked, body, her big tits, even larger than Kim's, and the
brown patch of fur covering her snatch. It never failed to make him
shoot his load.

Jimmy decided to go over to Kim's. Looking at her through the window
had made him horny. Maybe he'd get lucky. It looked like her mom
wasn't home so she might want to play around a little.

Kim smiled when she saw her neighbor come out the door and head
toward her. She had never doubted the plan would work. Jimmy was
always hot after her. She only needed to give him the slightest
encouragement to get him to do anything she wanted. 

Now she was ready to put the plan into action. She got him to come
into her house on the pretext of getting something to drink. Once
they were inside, away from prying eyes, she began to tease him,
finally giving in to his probing hands. It was easy to get him in her
room. From there, she let nature run its course until her mom came
home "unexpectedly" and caught them in the act.

Jimmy was ecstatic. This was his wildest dream come true. Kim had
led him into her room and had taken off her bathing suit. After
feeling up her soft luscious tits, he had moved between her legs,
licking up one thigh then the other, to the dark, damp, vee of her
pussy. He loved feeling her soft thighs clamp around his head,
trapping him there while he licked the soft slick folds of her wet
pussy.

She had opened his fly and was returning the favor by slowly jacking
him off. His cock was straining, ready to shoot its load of cum when
she took him in her moist, warm, mouth. It was almost too much. Jimmy
moaned softly, humping into the soft tunnel of her sucking lips. His
balls were aching, heavy and full, ready to dump their load.

"Just what is going on here!" Rosie's voice rang out through the
room.

Jimmy jerked his cock from Kim's mouth and scrambled to zip his
pants, almost catching his balls in the process. He was panicked. Kim
was completely naked and still had his pre-cum juice running down her
chin. Her splayed thighs clearly showed her wet pussy. There was no
way to cover up what they had been doing. His parents were going to
kill him. He would probably be grounded for the rest of his life, not
to mention, he would never get to see Kim again.

Rosie struggled to keep from laughing. The terror in Jimmy's eyes
clearly showed their trap had worked. Now she had to carry on with
her part of the performance. It was too bad that Connie and Bill
could not see how great the plan was working.

"I come home and find my daughter in bed, naked, with a boy's cock
in her mouth. You'll be sorry for this young lady!" she barked. The
older woman glared at Jimmy, "And as for you. I'm quite sure your
parents will have something to say about your behavior, but first you
are going to watch me punish Kim. It will hurt and embarrass her
more knowing that you are watching. It may also make you a little
more aware of what your impertinence has caused. Maybe you'll think
with your brain instead of your cock next time!"

Jimmy was mortified. He was too scared to realize that Kim and her
mother were putting on an act. Kim seemed so frightened, her eyes
wide, and trembling all over.

"Turn over, you little slut" Rosie snapped, while pulling her belt
from her jeans. "Get your butt up in the air and don't move until I
tell you."

The boy watched as Kim's mother slashed again and again at the young
girl's beautiful ass, making it turn pink, then dark red with purple
stripes. Kim wailed. Tears streaming down her face, and she begged
her mother to stop. It was not an act. Kim was really hurting, but
she didn't want it to stop. In fact, she was getting so close to
cumming she wanted it even harder, but Jimmy didn't know that.

"My daughter, the cocksucker. He probably licked your wet slutty
pussy, too, didn't he?" Rosie punctuated this last sentence with a
hard blow that landed right in the crease of Kim's ass and slapped
against her slick pussy lips.

"Yyyeesssss!" Kim answered with a tremor in her voice. Jimmy thought
it was because of the pain, but Rosie knew her daughter was cumming!

Rosie turned to the scared, but excited, boy. "Come over here!" she
bellowed.

Jimmy's heart pounded and the blood drained from his face. She was
going to beat him like she was whipping her daughter!

"Drop your pants. Let's see the cock that so fascinated my
daughter."

Jimmy's hands flew to his belt, unable to disobey the powerful
woman, and not wanting to cause any more trouble than he already had.
His jeans fell to his feet, leaving him in his underwear, his hard
cock jutting out, making a tent in the front of his drawers.

"Those too" Rosie said, indicating his jockey shorts. Red faced and
breathing hard, Jimmy pulled his shorts down. His cock bounced as it
pulled free of the confining clothes.

"Lay down on the bed" she ordered. "Kim, since sucking his cock got
you into trouble, that's going to be your punishment. You suck his
big hard cock until it shoots its load of cream down your throat. I'm
going to use this hairbrush on your ass while you do it. The next
time you decide to lick someone's lollipop, perhaps you'll think
twice!"

Although she hadn't been told, Kim straddled Jimmy in the classic
position of doing a "sixty-nine ." She put her wet, hot, slit right
over his nose and mouth. Jimmy was smothering in slick, pussy juice,
looking up the crack of her reddening ass, watching the hairbrush
slam into her cushy globes. He noticed that Kim's cunt seemed to
grip his tongue harder every time the brush slammed into her.

Meanwhile, Kim was running her lips up and down the length of his
iron-hard rod. She had one of his balls in each of her hands and was
gently squeezing them, in time with her mouth action. It was driving
him crazy. He was now oblivious to the bizarre situation, totally
absorbed in eating her twat and trying to hold off his orgasm. It
occurred to him that the longer he held back, the more punishment
Kim's ass absorbed, but it felt so good he wanted it to go for ever.

Jimmy felt Kim's love-juice coat his tongue and run down his face.
She ground her hips against him, threatening to cut off his air
supply. He felt spasms in his balls. Hot, thick, cum started working
its way up his shaft, finally exploding at the back of Kim's throat.
It was more than she could handle. Some of it leaked out the corners
of her lips, falling in a puddle on Jimmy's stomach.

Kim rolled off Jimmy, his softening cock pulling from her mouth with
a plop. The two teenagers were exhausted. Kim's bright red ass stung
from the beating her mother had given her, but she was happy. It was
the first cum of the day for her. She hoped that there would be more
later.

Rosie was feeling horny and very confined in her blouse and jeans.
She knew the remarkable recovery power of youth, so she started
removing her clothes. Kim's mother was completely naked before Jimmy
noticed her.

"Holy shit!" the boy said, not realizing he had said it aloud!

Despite the fact that he had just cum, he felt his cock begin to
thicken and rise as he stared at the older, more mature, version of
Kim. Her huge pendulous tits, wide sensuous hips, and dark, furry
snatch held him spellbound. He licked his dry lips as he watched her
walk to the bed. Her tits swung back and forth and her hips swayed
from side to side. It was almost more than his bulging eyes could
take in at once.

The boy was rock-hard by the time Rosie got to the bed. It was just
what Rosie wanted. She straddled him, placing one knee on each side
of his slim hips. Taking his cock in her hands, she used it like a
dildo, flicking the head against her clit, slapping her puffy cunt
lips with it. When she was sure he was as hard as possible, Rosie
raised up and positioned his cock, then plunged her hot wet pussy
over him, impaling herself to the hilt in one quick motion.

Nothing had ever felt so good to the boy. Her velvety soft cunt
walls gripped his hot shaft tightly, enveloping him in a warm cushion
of ecstasy. Rosie began to move slowly up and down, occasionally
taking him all the way inside her and grinding her hips against him
forcefully. Jimmy especially liked it when she raised up leaving
only the purple head of his cock inside her, and swished her hips
rapidly forward and backward, then plunged down on him in one swift
motion. He almost came every time she did it.

Rosie was hot enough to cum. She would have preferred to have been
whipped and tortured a bit first, but punishing Kim had been
sufficient to get her juices flowing. Besides, now that Jimmy had
been indoctrinated, there would be many more hot sessions to come.
She could hardly wait to put the final steps of the plan into
action, but right now she had more urgent matters that needed
attention.

Jimmy felt the older woman take his hands, placing them on her
wonderful, pillowy, tits. She used his fingers to pinch her own
nipples, showing him what she wanted. The boy was a fast learner and
was soon filling Rosie with delight as he twisted and pulled on her
rubbery nubbins. She responded by flooding his cock with hot slick
vaginal fluid. Jimmy got the idea that the harder he pulled and
twisted, the better the woman liked it, and he was right. Rosie was
humping up and down and moaning loudly. Her pussy made wet, squishy
sounds as it swallowed his cock, sucking it into the yawning mass of
seething hot cunt flesh.

Jimmy glanced to the side and was surprised to see Kim with one hand
busy pinching and pulling at her own nipples and the other hand
lustily pumping two fingers into her hot wet hole. In the heat of the
moment it didn't dawn on the boy that it was unusual for a girl to be
furiously masturbating while her mother fucked her friend. He only
knew this was the greatest day of his life and he hoped it never
ended.

Rosie started yelling, ranting and raving at the top of her voice,
and gyrating so wildly Jimmy was afraid she would tear his cock out
by the roots. Her wild ride coaxed another load of cum from his
balls. Rosie went crazy when she felt the hot, thick, liquid splash
against her womb. It triggered her own cum. White, sticky, cream,
flowed out of her pussy, soaking her coarse pubic hair and matting
Jimmy's sparser patch. Kim followed suit, bucking and groaning madly
as her orgasm raced through her loins. The pungent odor of man,
woman, and sex filled the small room.

They all collapsed on the bed, taking several minutes to get their
breathing back to normal. Jimmy had almost forgotten the trouble he
was in, but jerked back to reality when Rosie said, "all right. Get
your clothes on. We're going to march right over to your house and
tell your parents what I caught you and Kim doing. She's been
punished, now it's your turn."

Kim and Jimmy stood in the center of the room, eyes down, red-faced,
and shuffling their feet while Kim's mom related the story of walking
in finding Kim sucking Jimmy's cock. Jimmy wished she hadn't been so
graphic in her description. His mother had a strange expression on
her face, staring at him intently while she listened to her next
door neighbor. Jimmy couldn't help wondering if his mother was
horrified at what she was hearing. He also wondered if Rosie was
going to tell the whole story. He didn't have long to wait. Rosie
continued, telling every lurid detail of what she had done to Kim,
had made Kim do to Jimmy, and even what had finally happened between
Jimmy and herself.

"You Bitch!" Bill yelled, jumping from his chair and crossing the
room. Standing close to Rosie, he continued, "How dare you punish my
son. It probably wasn't even his fault. Your whore of a daughter
undoubtedly seduced him, and it's obvious where she got her morals.
There are laws against having sex with minors. I should call the
police right now and have you arrested."

The anger in his father's voice frightened Jimmy. He didn't want
Rosie arrested . After all, he had enjoyed himself!

"Please, Dad," Jimmy stammered. "She was only doing what she thought
was right. There's no reason to bring the police into this," he was
almost pleading.

"Well, she's not going to get away scot free, that's for sure."
Turning to Connie, he said, "What do you suggest?"

Jimmy was shocked to hear his mother say, "Well, since she punished
Kim for having sex with Jimmy, maybe we should punish her. It sounds
like she was pretty harsh with her daughter just for sucking our
son's cock. Since she fucked him, I suppose her punishment should be
a lot worse."

"Good idea" Bill agreed. "It's your choice, Bitch. Do you want me to
punish you or shall I call the cops?"

"I couldn't stand the embarrassment of being arrested. It would be
sure to make the papers and I would probably lose my job, as well. I
really don't have a choice. I have to let you do what you will."
Rosie was doing a good job of acting. She even had real tears coming
down her cheeks.

"Then it's settled. You and Kim come over at seven o'clock tonight.
Be prepared to stay a while. It's going to take me a long time to
settle this score with you. I just may include that little
nymphomaniac daughter of yours in the fun."

Jimmy was sent to his room and Bill and Connie prepared to put the
last part of the plan into operation. They were both squeamish about
the final phase. Everything had worked well so far, and they were
determined to carry through. Connie had the hardest part to play. She
was going to seduce her son!

Bill knew his wife was having problems with her role. He tried to
think of a way he might make it easier for her. Suddenly, it came to
him. She was his slave and that was a role she had no trouble
playing. All he had to do was put Connie in her slave mode then
force her to do what he ordered. Her conscience would be clear,
because, in her mind, she would have no choice. After all, he had
told her that he would take responsibility for their public image. 

Jimmy lay on his bed, tormented by mixed emotions. He still had a
vivid picture in his mind of the lash marks on Kim's ass, and how
excited he had gotten watching her get them. He had never seen
anything so beautiful in his life, he thought. Being fucked by her
mother was almost too inconceivable to imagine and he still wondered
if it had really happened or if he had just dreamed it.

His cock was hard again and he rubbed it absentmindedly while he
thought over the other events of the day. There was no denying the
fact that he was terribly excited about his father punishing Kim and
her mother. He didn't know if he would be allowed to watch, but he
certainly hoped so!

Connie stood at the door watching him. She was seeing him in an
entirely different light as his hand ran lightly up and down the
bulge in his jeans, completely unaware of her presence. She saw a
man, a young one, to be sure, but one who, with the right training,
could give her what she so desperately wanted and needed. The
thought of being dominated by both her husband and her son made her
weak with desire.

She pictured herself tied-up and naked, completely at their mercy,
while they stood over her cowering form, whips in hand. They would
beat her into submission, searing her flesh with the whips, until she
finally agreed to satisfy their lust, becoming a whore for their most
obscene and debasing cravings.

As these and other equally lewd thoughts ran through her head,
Connie felt her pussy spasm. Her canal filled with the fluid that
signaled she was ready to be fucked. A soft moan escaped her,
attracting Jimmy's attention.

He was shocked at the way his mom looked. He had never seen her wear
the collar before and thought it made her even sexier looking. Her
thin T-shirt clearly showed her nice tits with hard nipples jutting
forward, trying to tear through the material. He couldn't remember
her without a bra, even around the house, except at night, when she
was dressed for bed. As his eyes traveled up her exquisite legs he
thought he saw a damp spot soaking the crotch of her very skimpy
shorts. His cock leaped inside his pants and he quickly covered it
with his hands.

"You don't have to be ashamed of it, Jimmy," she said softly,
crossing the room to sit on the bed. "All men have them and they're
best when they get nice and hard like yours. That's when they give
the most pleasure, both to you and to women." Connie gently removed
his hand from his cock and replaced it with her own, testing its
length and firmness.

"Mom!" Jimmy protested, squirming on the bed.

"Hush now, sweetie. Mother knows what will help you feel better."

With that she unzipped his fly and dipped her hand inside, gripping
his hot, thick shaft tightly in her hand. Jimmy was too stunned to
react as his mother pulled his aching rod out of his pants and
started running her soft smooth hand up and down its length. She
relaxed her grip, stroking him now with an almost imperceptible,
feathery, touch. His back arched and his hips rose off the bed as he
strained for more of this agonizingly sensuous stimulation.

Connie used her thumb to spread the slick pre-cum that was flowing
from the hole all around the spongy, pulsing, head of his cock, being
sure to focus on the most sensitive spot, the line underneath that
connected to the thick vein running the entire length of his steely
man-pole. She used her other hand to tickle and caress his balls and
the wrinkled skin which held them.

Jimmy was lost in a sea of sensations. It no longer bothered him
that it was his mother who was exquisitely masturbating him. He only
knew that what she was doing felt great and he wanted her to
continue.

Connie leaned over, smelling the heady aroma of Rosie's pussy on her
son's cock. She licked at his cock-head, tentatively at first, then
with more fervor as she tasted what she had smelled. Her pointed
tongue found and then invaded the tiny opening he pissed through,
tightening her grip to keep from losing him as he thrashed about on
the bed. 

Connie shifted her position, crawling between Jimmy's wide spread
legs, then covered her teeth with her lips, pursing them to make a
soft cushion. She flattened her tongue and laid it against the
underside of his prick, fluttering it gently as she slowly lowered
her head, swallowing his entire length.

"Mom! Oh God, don't stop. Don't ever stop!" Jimmy was bucking
wildly, his cock slamming into the back of his mother's throat. He
had grabbed her by the hair, twisting it around his hands and using
it like reins to pull her harder against him. It hurt Connie, and she
loved it! She was a swamp between her legs, her entire body was
charged with sexual energy.

Crack! "Whore!" Crack, crack! "Slut!"

Bill's voice boomed as he swung the hard leather paddle against his
wife's raised ass, making it turn bright red, and raising welts.

Jimmy and Connie had been so engrossed in what they were doing they
hadn't noticed that Bill had entered the room. Connie had not even
been aware that he had pulled her shorts down to her knees, exposing
her full, round, ass to the paddle.

Bill's arm became a blur as he pounded her plump ivory globes. The
pain ignited a fire deep inside her. Each blow caused an involuntary
spasm to run through her. Jimmy could feel it in his cock. He was
trapped. He knew he shouldn't be doing what he was doing, but his
mother had a death grip on his cock with her mouth. As his father
beat her harder and faster with the paddle, she sucked harder and
swallowed faster, creating unbelievable sensations in his jerking
cock.

Not realizing what he was doing he started yelling at his father.

"Harder. Hit her harder! Ooohh Jesuuuuuuussss!"

The cum boiled up from his balls. His cock jerked as he spurted
again and again. Connie swallowed as fast as she could but could not
keep up with the huge amounts of hot jizz that gushed from her son's
pulsing cock. It burned the back of her throat, coated her tongue,
and finally pooled on his stomach after leaking out of her closed
lips, which were still wrapped around his prick as tightly as she
could manage.

Connie had started cumming when she felt the first explosion from
her son's cock. Her pussy had become engorged with blood, causing her
puffy cunt lips to peek out from between her thighs. This had not
gone unnoticed by Bill who began directing the paddle there, hitting
her hard several times, sending Connie into spiraling waves of
orgasms that exploded in her like a string of firecrackers.

She took her mouth off her son's cock, taking two huge gobs of thick
hot spunk in the face in the process, just long enough to scream,
"Fuck me! Ram that big, hard, prick in my pussy!"

Bill needed no second invitation. He tore off his pants and mounted
his wife doggy style. He slammed his hips against her red, welted
ass, forcing the breath from her as she continued nursing their son's
slowly diminishing cock. The heat from her spasming pussy and bruised
ass soon had the cum surging from his heavy balls. He pulled his
cock out of her with a sucking sound and shot his heavy load all over
her abused ass and pussy. 

The hot cum splashing against her sensitized ass and pussy sent
Connie off into her best orgasm yet. Her mouth went slack. She
released Jimmy's now limp prick, and melted onto the bed, twitching
as the incredible waves of pleasure washed through her. Dimly she
heard Bill speaking.

"If we're going to punish Rosie and Kim for having sex with our son,
then it's obvious you will have to join them. I'm going to make yours
the worst since you committed the worst sin."

Connie smiled to herself as she drifted off to sleep. The plan was
in place. Tonight, Jimmy would become a part of their neighborhood
sex and torture club.




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club
CHAPTER 9

It took a while for it to sink in, but Jimmy was not stupid. He
began to realize that Kim, Rosie, and his mom, were enjoying the
punishment they were getting. It was also obvious from his huge
erection that his dad was enjoying himself as well. They all seemed
just a little too comfortable with what should have been a very
tense situation, and the sexual overtones were too intense to
overlook.

Unable to contain himself, Jimmy had rushed to answer the door when
the bell rang, promptly at seven o'clock. He openly gawked at Kim and
her mother.

Rosie's massive tits billowed out from the brief halter top that
barely managed to cover her brown nipples. Her soft, cushy thighs
bulged slightly around the snug elastic legs of extremely tight, and
scanty, Spandex shorts. Very tall stiletto heels gave her thighs and
calves a beautiful, shapely, appearance.

Kim had chosen to accent her youth. Her hair was done up in
dog-ears. She wore a loose, frilly, peasant blouse and demure cutoff
jeans. Ankle socks and Reboks finished the look, making her seem even
younger than she was. She knew that men, especially older men like
Bill, really turned on when a pretty young girl came on to them.

In his haste to get to the door Jimmy had not even noticed his
mother. When he brought their guests into the living room, he stopped
dead in his tracks. Strained gurgling sounds came from his gaping
mouth.

His mother was completely naked, except for the wide collar around
her neck! Connie was hanging by her wrists from the exposed beams
that ran across their ceiling! Her ankles were circled by lengths of
rope that ran to pieces of heavy furniture. This kept her legs spread
wide. Jimmy saw clothespins clipped to each of her nipples, mashing
them flat, and giving them a swollen, distorted appearance. She was
shaking her tits, trying to dislodge the awful, biting devices that
were causing her so much pain. He also noticed clothespins gripping
her labia as well, one on each side and one at the top, where he knew
her clitoris to be. Her hips swished back and forth continuously, as
much as her position allowed, showing how much pain they were
causing to her most sensitive area. Tears ran down her cheeks, and
she was making soft animal-like noises.

The young boy got a hard-on immediately. She was beautiful! He was
sorry that she was hurting so much, but he couldn't tear his eyes
away from her. A naked woman, suspended in the air, has to be the
most beautiful thing in the world, he thought. He pictured Kim and
Rosie in the same position. If all three of them were like that he
would just sit and look at them for hours.

The plan called for the bondage and discipline to begin upstairs.
They had all thought it would be best to get the ball rolling before
letting Jimmy see all the equipment in the basement-dungeon. Bill had
gathered a few common items he could use until they moved downstairs
to the more exotic pieces of equipment. Rope and clothespins were
already evident on Connie while belts, scarves, rubber bands, and
some other items were on the coffee table.

Rosie was still playing her role. She walked over to Bill,
exclaiming, "I'm here like you ordered. Let's get this over with if
you haven't changed your mind."

"I haven't changed my mind. As you can see, my wife is going to be
joining you. She has also been indiscrete, and fair is fair. If you
and Kim are to be punished, then she must be as well. Jimmy, tie Kim
in that chair. I want her to watch what happens to women who take
advantage of men. It may make her own lesson more meaningful when I
get to her later."

Although inexperienced, Jimmy went about his task with enthusiasm
while his father concentrated on Rosie. Bill decided Rosie's high
heels made it unnecessary to suspend the woman as he had done to
Connie. He tied lengths of rope around each delicate ankle then ran
the rope to pieces of furniture, forcing her legs wide apart, almost
causing her to lose her balance. It was very difficult to stand in
tall high heels with your feet so far apart.

He removed her halter top exposing her huge knockers, Bill wrapped a
rope tightly around her wrists. The free end was thrown over a rafter
then pulled taut, causing Rosie to stand on her toes, enhancing her
precarious position. Jimmy noticed, with glee, that it also took most
of the sag out of her pendulous tits, making them stand up and out on
her chest.

Bill walked around the bound woman, surveying his handiwork. "What
will it be, my cradle-robbing neighbor?" he questioned, more to
himself than to the poor stretched woman. "Clothespins on those huge
tits and nipples like my incestuous, nymphomaniac wife? I think not.
You'd barely feel it. We need to think up a way to make those udders
more sensitive."

Of course, Bill was more than aware of how much Rosie enjoyed having
her tits abused. He also knew her nerve endings were buried deeper
than most women, and it took a lot of punishment to bring her to the
same pain level as a woman with more average measurements.

He took a roll of thin nylon cord and began circling one of her
tits. Starting at the base, he worked his way toward the nipple,
making each loop successively tighter. By the time he got halfway,
Rosie's entire areola was a dark chocolate brown. The pucker had
disappeared, giving it a puffy, swollen appearance. Her nipple had
elongated, protruding almost two inches. Blood had been trapped in
the free area, changing her tit from milk-white to a deep red color.
Jimmy especially enjoyed seeing it bulge around the cord, much as a
balloon would if you squeezed it in the middle.

In just a few minutes, Bill had made Rosie's tits into a matched
pair, pulsating and highly sensitive. Rosie was having a hard time
disguising her delight. She had seldom been so aware of her tits. Her
attention was entirely focused on them. The tingle she felt there was
transferred right into her dampening pussy, which was already
soaking the crotch of her Spandex shorts.

Bill left her alone to contemplate her tits and how it would feel
when he started torturing them. He turned his attention to his wife,
who was grunting like a wild animal in heat. The clothespins biting
into her most tender spots had driven Connie to the brink of orgasm.
She was throwing her body around, pulling at her ropes, trying to
create enough stimulation to send her over the top, but always
coming up just a little short. Connie was in pain, horny, and
frustrated. In short, she was just where Bill wanted her to be!

He yanked the clothespins off one at a time. Tiny flashes of pain
exploded with each snap, as the clothespins finally gave up their
grip on small pieces of quivering flesh. These were immediately
replaced with a dull, aching throb as blood rushed into the crushed
area of sensitive skin. Connie yelped when her husband ripped the
clips from her nipples. A small orgasm rippled through her.

The clothespin attached to her clit caused the most pain, and
pleasure, as he pulled it slowly away, catching some of her pubic
hair in the process, and creating a turmoil in her loins. Her orgasms
were not satisfying. They merely whetted her appetite, making her
hungry for more, and were almost a form of torture themselves. She
was almost ready, nearing the place in her confused mind where she
lost all sense of dignity, responsibility, and self-control. Connie
was quickly becoming an animal, totally sexual, driven only by the
carnal desires of her twisted mind and tortured body.

Bill recognized the signs and left her alone. She needed to come
down a level or two and regain her composure. It was too early in the
evening to be this far along. He was a little confused about how she
had gotten so out of control. Connie had taken a lot more punishment
than this and still not lost it. He decided it was the situation.
Rosie, Kim, and the plan to include Jimmy, had all combined to
heighten her sensations, and elevate her reactions.

It was time to return to Rosie. She was into it almost as much as
Connie. Her tits were throbbing mounds of nerve endings. She could
feel the heat rising from them. Just the air moving across her
swollen glands caused the woman to twitch in anticipation. When Bill
ran his hands across her aching tit tips, electric sparks seemed to
fly, arcing from her nipples to the palms of his hands. A wanton,
lustful, moan echoed from deep inside her. She strained, pushing her
upper body forward, filling his hands with her hot, firm, tit flesh.

Bill reluctantly pulled his hands away and gazed deep into Rosie's
eyes. He saw hunger, pure unbridled, savage, lust in her smoky, gray
orbs. Without breaking his gaze, he suddenly, and without warning,
slapped her right breast. It was so firm from the bondage that it
hardly bounced. The sharp sound of the slap broke the silence in the
room . It was followed by a low guttural howl coming from Rosie as
the full effect of the blow worked its way around her body and
finally into her brain. Bill rained several more slaps on each of her
bound mammaries, staring into her eyes the entire time.

With each blow he saw the fire burn brighter through the mist that
clouded her eyes. Bill heard the urgency in her voice as she
continued to growl and moan. Rosie was a woman in heat. She was no
longer acting. She had forgotten Jimmy and Connie. For that matter,
she had also forgotten her daughter, Kim . For Rosie there was only
a Master and a Slave, Bill and her. She was his, and she wanted him
to hurt her. Rosie wanted, and needed, the pain.

Bill saw it in her eyes and heard it in her voice. The woman was
ready for some serious punishment. Until now they had been toying
with each other. Rosie had been more interested in getting him to
become the Master she wanted for herself and her daughter. Now that
everything was in place, she was ready for the games to begin. She
was no longer thinking about Kim or Connie or Jimmy. Now she wanted
it for herself. Rosie wanted to be dominated, humiliated, abused and
tortured, because this was the only way she could reach the
mind-numbing orgasms her body so desperately craved.

Kim was fighting against her ropes. The young girl wanted to be part
of the action, not just a voyeur. She had heard the emotion in her
mother's voice and knew it for what it was, a plea. Her mother wanted
to lose herself in the pain and humiliation. She wanted total
domination. Kim also recognized that Connie was practically there
already.

Both the older women were nearing the submissive state that would
allow them to derive almost infinite pleasure from whatever was being
done to them, the more painful and disgusting the better. Kim wanted
to experience that feeling herself. She was ready to be beaten,
forced into the same submissive state her mother and Connie had
entered.

Bill was ready to help her reach that goal. He had been enormously
turned on when he saw the outfit Kim had chosen to wear. It seemed to
fit the outrageous situation of the evening. His wife, his next door
neighbor and her daughter, and his son, all engaged in a kinky orgy
of sex, bondage, and torture!

Bill released Kim then took her place in the chair. He yanked the
young girl down over his lap and began to pound her ass with his
hand, giving her an old-fashioned spanking.

Kim was a little surprised at the force of the spanking. She had
been strapped, paddled, caned, whipped, and spanked with a hairbrush,
all of which had hurt gloriously, some more than others. An
over-the-knee hand spanking had seemed a bit tame to the
inexperienced girl, but she soon realized how wrong she had been! As
Bill's hand flattened her tight bottom time and again, the
stimulation soon forced it's way through her ass into the area in her
brain that signaled pain.

There was an added element to this position. Each spank pushed Kim's
juicing pussy against Bill's knee. The constant friction caused Kim's
tiny love bud to grow and push forward, out of its protective hood.
Successive spanks caused Kim to squeeze her buttocks together
tightly. This made her labia rub sensuously along the sides of her
exposed bundle of nerves and sent shudders of ecstasy up her spine.

After warming her ass for a while, Bill was ready for more. He
peeled down her cutoffs, leaving only her panties to protect her from
his malicious spanking hand. Kim felt the difference. It didn't seem
that one thin covering of material would matter so much, but it did.
After about five minutes he ripped her panties from her, leaving her
ass bare in the cool room. Kim became even more aware of how
important those layers of clothing had been.

His hand was a blur, pummeling her bouncing ass cheeks,
concentrating on first one, then the other. She was especially
thrilled when he rubbed her hot buns between spanks. He ran his hand
up and down her tight crack, squeezing her tense muscles gently,
using his finger tips to toy with the slick entrance to her love
tunnel. Kim thrashed around on his lap, scissoring her legs with each
spank, treating them to a good view of her virgin pussy, but also
exposing it to several slaps that missed the target of her moving
ass, but popped against her soggy pussy with a plop.

Each time it happened Kim froze, thrilling to the initial shock of
the pain that quickly turned to pure pleasure and raced around her
pelvis in waves. She was hunching, fucking an imaginary cock that
either Jimmy or Bill would have been happy to supply.

"Get your mother" Bill said to Jimmy, tossing him a dog leash.
"Fasten this to the collar around her neck and make her crawl back
here on her hands and knees."

While Jimmy was bringing Connie, Bill stripped Kim the rest of the
way. He wrapped rope around her wrists and tossed the loose end over
the rafters then pulled it taunt. Kim whimpered as she felt her toes
leave the carpet. She was hanging by her wrists. It hurt, but she
knew it would get much worse before the evening ended.

Jimmy was so excited that he was almost dragging Connie over to
where his father stood. He handed Bill the leash then stepped back,
openly ogling the naked female flesh around the room. He couldn't
decide which one he liked most. His mom was the most beautiful of the
three, but Rosie was the best endowed. Kim was his own age and had
been the primary image in his mind as he jacked off this past year.

Bill plopped down on the chair and jerked Connie's leash, pulling
her head into his lap. Involuntarily, she began mouthing his erection
through his pants.

"Take my pants off, slut. Use your whore mouth to do it. Here,
Jimmy," Bill said, tossing Jimmy a thin leather belt. "Pick one of
those hanging bitches and give her a good beating."

Jimmy caught the belt and turned to Kim and her mother. He was
unsure of himself and reluctant to hurt them. They had both been very
kind to him, giving him his first experience with sex, but he didn't
want to disobey his father.

This was when he realized that everyone was enjoying what was going
on. Rosie called to him, begging him to use the belt on her tits. Kim
asked him to use the belt on her thighs, back, and ass.

Jimmy made his decision. He was fascinated with Rosie's huge tits,
especially the way they looked now, circled with rope, firm, almost
hard, and beet red from the spanking Bill had given them. The woman's
nipples were hard, and protruded from her areolae a full two inches,
like two proud soldiers, standing at attention.

"Hit them" Rosie hissed through clenched teeth. "Burn them with that
belt. Make it hurt. Make me scream. I want you to hit hard enough to
make them bleed. DO IT." Her voice was high pitched and strident,
showing the urgency she felt.

Jimmy drew his arm back and swung. The first blow landed on top of
her right breast with a loud crack. A red line, about a half inch
wide, appeared almost immediately.

"Unnngghhh!" Rosie moaned. "Yesssss! That's it! Again. Do it again,
harder" the woman pleaded.

It was all the encouragement Jimmy needed. His arm became a blur as
he whipped Rosie's tits furiously. Her moans turned to yelps as each
blow cut into her aching tits. The boy got better with practice. He
was soon able to direct the tip of the belt right where he wanted it.

He noticed the older woman went crazy when he snapped the belt
against one of her nipples. She screamed maniacally. Her body froze
momentarily, then erupted with wild gyrations, causing Rosie to surge
frantically against the ropes. Saliva drooled down the corners of her
mouth. Rosie babbled, urging him on, raving about the pain, and
begging for mercy, all at the same time.

Jimmy slowed down. He allowed her to work through the pain and
pleasure of each well directed hit, then carefully snapped the belt
into the other cherry red and quivering tit tip.

Connie had finally managed to drag Bill's pants and jockey shorts
off with her teeth. She had his stiff cock buried in her throat. Her
nose bumped his pelvic bone, and his balls tickled her chin. She
heard her neighbor's screams and wild ranting. It made her pussy
spasm knowing it was her own son who was giving Rosie so much
pleasure.

Bill was getting the best blow job of his life. His wife held one of
his balls in each of her hands, gently milking them. Her tongue
alternately swirled around the purple head of his cock, then tried to
force it's way into the slit, which was oozing a constant stream of
clear, sticky, pre-cum. Connie had to keep swallowing because her
mouth filled with the pungent nectar. Occasionally she pursed her
lips and ran them up and down his thick, stiff, shaft, causing
ripples of pleasure to surge through him. Bill was fighting hard to
keep from exploding in his wife's mouth. He wanted to save his first
cum for Kim. Jimmy was going to get to watch his father take his
girlfriend's cherry!

Kim was enjoying herself. She was a little uncomfortable hanging by
her wrists with her ass still hot and throbbing, but she had a great
view. It was very exciting watching her boyfriend, Jimmy, wailing
away at her mom's tits with a belt while seeing her neighbors, Bill
and Connie, actively engaged in oral sex. She wished someone would
pay more attention to her, but she knew she would get more than her
share of the action before the evening was over.

Bill had picked up a leather strap and was absentmindedly slapping
Connie's ass with it while keeping his eyes glued to Rosie and his
son. He saw, with pride, that Jimmy was doing a good job on the
woman's tits. The way her body jerked against the ropes and the eerie
sounds coming from her mouth told him she was near cumming.

The look on his son's face told the whole story. Jimmy was
enraptured, totally involved in whipping Rosie's tits. Bill saw the
outline of his son's stiff cock straining against the front of his
jeans. Another wave of pleasure washed through his groin as Connie
ministered to his cock, reminding him that he needed to stop soon or
he would lose his load of cum in his wife's mouth instead of Kim's
tight pussy, as he had planned.

Bill called to Jimmy, telling him to stop whipping Rosie, and
grabbed Connie by the shoulders, pushing her back and away from his
pulsating cock.

"Noooooo! Don't stopppp! Pleeeeease don't stooooppppp!" Rosie
protested. She was so close, so hot and ready. If he blistered her
nipples just a few more times she would explode into the sweet
release she needed so badly.

Bill moved to Kim, untying her. He told Jimmy to strip and sit in
the chair, which the boy hurriedly did while Bill released Rosie.
Bill directed the younger girl to suck Jimmy's cock, while the three
adults explained what was going on to the confused boy. Jimmy
listened intently, although part of his mind was focused on the
wonderful sensations Kim was creating in his young, supercharged
cock.

By the time the cum boiled up from his balls into Kim's warm, wet,
mouth, Jimmy understood everything, and was convinced he was the
luckiest guy on earth and had the coolest parents in the world.




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club
CHAPTER 10

They all moved to the basement where they could make use of the
special equipment Bill had built. Jimmy's eyes widened when he saw
everything. Now, he had an even greater understanding of his parents
and neighbors and what they had been doing.

Rosie was strapped to a bench with alligator clips biting cruelly
into her nipples. The clips were attached to cords that ran to a
pulley. These cords had been pulled taut, stretching Rosie's ample
tits toward the ceiling. Jimmy stood to one side with a thin cane in
his hand. At two to three minute intervals, he buried the vicious
instrument into the soft extremely sensitive area underneath Rosie's
tits.

Rosie shrieked with every blow, raising her shoulders and shaking
her tits like a wet dog, trying to shake off the terrible pain that
surged through her tits. This caused the clips to bite even harder
into her nipples. Blood oozed from under them, testifying to the
harshness of her punishment.

The pain had worked itself from her tits into her brain. Rosie's
body was smoldering, ignited by the constant stabbing pain of sharp
teeth chewing into her nipples, and stoked to an inferno each time
the cane sliced into her tits with a dull sickening thud.

Her hips rose off the bench like she was meeting an imaginary lover,
quivered there for a moment, then slammed back to the bench,
flattening her chubby ass cheeks. She ground her hips slowly in a
circle two or three times then started the process all over. After
Rosie performed the ritual three or four times, Jimmy would slash
the cane at her tits again.

Connie was kneeling in front of her son. Bill had ordered her to get
the boy hard again. It had not been very difficult! Like most
teenagers, Jimmy was up and ready to go almost instantly. What they
lacked in experience and technique, they more than compensated for
with vigor and vitality! Once he saw that Connie had done her job,
Bill made her stop. He didn't want Jimmy to cum again in someone's
mouth.

Kim was not left out this time. Bill had fastened the young nymph to
the St. Andrew's cross and had raised her legs into the air. Kim was
upside-down, her long silky hair brushing the floor, her arms and
legs spread wide enough to be uncomfortable but bearable. Her cunt
was open and vulnerable, still showing some redness, caused by the
few swats it had endured during her earlier spanking.

Bill was giving that young, yet unfucked, pussy a workout like it
had never had before. He bent his head down to lap at her slick
nearly bald labia, which sent tremors through the bound girl. Forming
his tongue into the shape of a penis, he ran it in and out of her
love chute rapidly, bumping up against the thin membrane that proved
her chastity.

Kim went into spasms when she felt his tongue pushing against her
maidenhead. She strained against the ropes, trying futilely to
puncture the barrier to her womanhood. Bill withdrew his tongue,
collecting gobs of her thick cream as it scraped along the undulating
elastic walls of Kim's unused cunt.

While the girl was still lost in the reverie of his oral
ministrations, Bill took a small multi stranded whip and snapped it
savagely into her crotch several times. This whip was designed
especially for use on genitals. It was small, and light enough that
no real damage could result from its use, but when applied with
enough power it stung furiously, much like being bitten by several
bees at once.

The sudden pain surprised Kim, and it made her howl, unable to
contain herself. The incredible pleasure she felt from Bill's tongue
was instantly replaced with an agony of equal intensity. Before the
pain had died away Bill attacked her again with his tongue, running
it slowly up the entire length of her tortured slit. He swirled it
around the quivering hood that protected her clit, then stabbed
rapidly at the emerging tumescence as it peeked out from its
protective hood.

Bill continued for some time, alternating the pain and the pleasure
until they began to merge in the young girl's mind. She no longer
separated the two emotions. The sting of the whip was as welcome as
the tingle of the tongue. Kim was cumming constantly. They were small
orgasms that were gradually building in intensity. Bill could tell,
not only from the animal like grunts and groans coming from the young
girl, but also from her swollen tits capped with rock hard nipples.

He had another clue. The rippling muscles that turned her flat
stomach into a washboard and her soft pussy into a cum spewing
heaving volcano betrayed the nymph's heightened sense of arousal.

A quick glance at Rosie told Bill all he needed to know. Her tits
were swollen and bruised. Blood ran down from the nipples, covering
the areolae and part of the surface area. It splattered every time
Jimmy buried the cane into her soft flesh. Rosie was raving, almost
out of her mind with the pain, but so close to cumming she didn't
care. In fact, she kept urging the boy on, taunting him, trying to
make him hit her harder and faster. Rosie was about as hot as she
could be. Bill could tell her tits were numb from so much abuse. She
was past being able to feel any more pain in them. Jimmy might as
well have been caning the bench.

It was time. Bill told Jimmy to stop beating Rosie and get ready to
fuck her. He had Connie take her son's cock and put it into position
at the entrance to Rosie's steaming love tunnel. Connie couldn't
resist using Jimmy's cock like a club, pummeling Rosie's rubbery meat
with the iron hard shaft, making the woman even wilder with
fuck-lust as she realized she was about to get what she wanted most.

Meanwhile, Bill removed Kim from the cross and laid her out on
another bench near her mother. Rosie would only need to turn her head
to watch Bill deflower her daughter. He rubbed the velvety head of
his hard cock up and down her slit, coating it with the slick juice
that soaked her pubic hair and made her thighs slippery, then
separated her pussy lips, lodging his cock in her hot hole, ready to
plow the virgin depths of her tight canal.

Kim strained, thrusting her hips, trying to get more of Bill's hot
poker into her love sleeve. The man met every push with a quick hard
slap to the girl's stomach, hitting the smooth flat area below her
navel. Kim soon got the idea and quit moving. Her insides were
churning. She felt her pussy lips split wide by the hot piece of
male meat. She was stretched to the tearing point. Gradually, she
felt her cunt loosen, adapting to Bill's cock.

Once he felt the young virgin relax, Bill began slow, short, jabs
with his cock. His cock invaded Kim's tight, hot, pussy a little more
with each push. He marveled at how tight she was. It was only the
enormous amount of lubrication gushing from her pussy that enabled
him to continue, slowly inching his way in until he bumped against
her cherry.

Kim felt it too. An involuntary gasp escaped her as the sharp pang
made her cunt contract violently. It triggered another small orgasm
that Bill felt traveling up the length of his straining prick. She
was so tight and hot it almost made him cum as well. Bill fought for
control while telling Connie and Jimmy to get ready. His idea was to
have Jimmy plow into Rosie while he ruptured Kim's hymen. The two of
them would then continue fucking until they came. The whole idea of
him fucking the daughter while his son fucked the mother excited
Bill!

Kim was the most excited of all. She was going to become a woman at
last! Bill's cock felt wonderful stretching her small, virgin
channel, and she could hardly wait for him to bury his cock all the
way in her little cunny! She wanted to feel his balls banging against
her ass and the head of his cock deep in her womb. Instinctively,
she spread her legs wide, allowing her lover total access to her most
private parts.

Bill called to Connie, telling her to help Kim keep her feet high
and legs open. He knew there was going to be some pain when his cock
finally burst through the thin membrane that protected the depths of
the girl's vagina, and he didn't want her to close up against the
assault, making it more painful for her and more difficult for him.

Rosie's hands had been freed and she was using them to twist and
pinch her own nipples and tits. Jimmy's cock was lodged right at the
entrance to her pussy and she desperately wanted him to slam his
prick into her swampy fuck-hole. If anything could have made the
woman hotter, it was seeing her own daughter with her legs high in
the air and spread wide, waiting for her very first fuck. 

Rosie was a woman possessed, totally absorbed in one of the kinkiest
situations possible. Her entire world consisted of pain and the
exquisite pleasure it brought her, but she still had one small part
of her mind that focused on Kim. She wanted to see Kim get fucked.
She wanted to see her only daughter experience the greatest pleasure
of all.

It was all over in an instant. An almost imperceptible nod by Bill
sent Jimmy into action. He drove his hips forward, impaling Rosie all
the way to the base of his young but thick cock. Rosie shrieked, not
in pain, but from the intensity of the sensations as his cock touched
the entrance to her womb and his pubic bone crushed hers.

At the same time, Bill lunged, driving his powerful cock into the
younger girl, burying it to the balls. Kim felt herself tearing
inside. Stars appeared behind her eyes and waves of agony washed over
her, replaced almost instantly by a series of overpowering orgasms.

She heard herself screaming because of an indescribable pleasure so
intense it seemed to burn through her from the inside out. At last
she knew what Connie and her mother knew, and felt what they felt,
and she never wanted it to end!

Jimmy was pounding Rosie. The woman was delirious. Hearing her
daughter babble, screaming for Bill to fuck her harder and faster,
sent the woman off into a world of total depravity. Her precious
daughter was being well-taken care of, now she could relax and
indulge herself. Waves of pleasure rolled over her as Jimmy fucked
in and out, setting a torrid pace. Rosie loved being fucked by young
boys, they were so eager to learn and to please. She made a mental
note that she would try to fuck all of Kim's boyfriends in the
future.

Rosie was reaping the benefits of all her suffering. It had honed
her senses to razor sharpness. She came. Her orgasms were long and
hard, agonizingly so. They rolled over her like waves at the beach,
each building on the one before, until she could finally stand no
more. Her body shut down, unable to accept any more of the exquisite
pleasure that assaulted all her senses. 

Rosie's last thought before she passed out was that it was all worth
it. To experience such ecstasy, she would not only accept, but would
welcome, that much pain and more. As a matter of fact, she was
already hoping that next time Bill would treat her even harsher. The
blackness closed around her just as she felt Jimmy's hot cum bathe
the soft, wet cavern of her well-fucked pussy.

Kim was having a similar experience. She heard Bill bellow, loud
enough to cover her own moans of pleasure. Her ravaged pussy was
flooded with his cum, and she felt his cock jerking spasmodically
inside her. It sent her careening to new heights. Like her mother,
she was also convinced that anything she had to endure to reach this
level of ecstasy was well worth it.

Connie masturbated furiously while watching her son and her husband
fuck Rosie and Kim. It was not very satisfying. She was horny but
knew she needed a lot more pain and humiliation to turn her into the
animal she wanted to become. The woman wanted total servitude and
depravity. Connie wanted to be broken, left with no will of her own.
She wanted to be a sex slave to her husband and her son, willing to
do anything and everything to anyone they chose. If they tortured her
enough, she knew it would happen.

They all had snacks and drinks while recovering. As the group
discussed what they just done and planned the rest of the evening it
became clear that Rosie was satisfied but not satiated. She was ready
for more. Kim and Jimmy, of course, were not even wanting to spend
the time resting. They were ready to go now!

Connie had been left out of the first round so she was eager for
things to begin. She explained, mostly to Bill, what she wanted. When
he tried to give her a "safe" word to use if things got too rough,
she protested.

"I don't want a way out. I want to lose myself, become a slut and a
whore, and the only way it can happen is for you to break my body and
my mind. If I have a way to make it stop, I may take it, even though
I don't really want to. I am going to fight you with everything that
I have, but you have to win. I don't care how long it takes or what
you have to do to me. Just remember, I really want this to happen,
no matter what I say or do."

Rosie heard Connie and knew exactly what she was talking about,
because it was the same thing that she wanted. "I was close when you
were torturing my tits" she said, addressing both Bill and Jimmy. "I
would like to take a quick shower, then join Connie for a no limit
session that doesn't stop, at least until I'm willing to perform the
most perverted and disgusting acts you can imagine."

Kim knew the two older women were asking for serious pain, and she
was sure that Bill and Jimmy were going to give it to them. She was
torn between wanting to join them, help the men, or just observe. She
was afraid for Connie and her mom, but she had seen what the pain had
done for all of them in the first round, and she didn't want to be
left out this time.

Gritting her teeth and swallowing hard she added, "I guess we'll
make it a threesome. I may cry and scream more than Connie and mom,
but I want the same thing. Don't stop until I'm totally yours."

Rosie and Kim went upstairs to clean up from the fucking they had
done earlier. Connie went with them to get towels and washcloths.
Bill and Jimmy were left alone to plan the session.

"We have the whole weekend" Bill said to his son. "Let's play with
them again tonight, then really put them through the wringer tomorrow
and tomorrow night. By Sunday afternoon they ought to be putty in our
hands. If we do things right, they'll stay that way forever."

It sounded like a good plan to the boy. He couldn't imagine anything
better than spending an entire weekend sucking, fucking, and
torturing naked women, especially ones who were so eager to have it
done to them.

The girls also talked, reassuring each other and giving moral
support. Rosie told a little of her experience in England, explaining
how the pain, no matter how agonizing at the time, always turned to
pleasure after a while. Connie told a little about her experiences
when she first began experimenting with bondage and S and M. She
supported Rosie's statement, citing a time when she thought she was
going to die because of the pain, as the best orgasm she had ever
had.

They all agreed that Bill had done an admirable job so far, but they
were ready for more, and hoped he was willing and able to take the
next step. If they could have read Bill's mind, they would not have
worried! He was about to give the three ladies a sex and torture
session they would never forget.

Connie came back downstairs before Kim and Rosie. Bill wasted no
time in starting in on her. He pulled her hands behind her back and
secured them there with handcuffs. A rope, attached to a pulley
overhead, was snapped in place. Jimmy took up the slack in the rope,
lifting his mom's arms behind her, putting a lot of pressure on her
shoulders, and causing her to bend forward at the waist. While his
son was doing this, Bill was making sure Connie would keep her legs
apart by using the spreader bar.

Connie wasn't going anywhere, but Bill was still not satisfied. He
was going to cane her ass first, and he didn't want her to even be
able to squeeze her ass cheeks together to ease the pain. There was a
perfect solution, and he had bought one! 

Bill rummaged through his equipment, coming up with a belt that went
around the victim's waist. It was equipped with straps hanging from
the front and back, perfect for keeping dildos and butt plugs in
place after they had been inserted in the proper places. He decided
against using the dildo in Connie's pussy because he didn't want her
to enjoy herself too much, at least at first, but he lubricated the
butt plug and drove it home with one quick slap.

Connie groaned out loud when the huge gadget split her ass. The plug
was two inches in diameter and it tore the delicate tissue around her
asshole as it entered. Her stomach muscles started working
immediately, trying to expel the invader, but Bill quickly buckled
the strap into place, keeping the torturous device from coming out.

Ass fucking was not one of Connie's favorite things. Having the plug
crammed in her poop chute didn't feel sexy to her. Instead, it made
her uncomfortable and unable to close her ass cheeks. The woman felt
very exposed and a little humiliated by the whole thing. She still
had not grasped the fact that her husband was going to use a cane on
her and wanted to be able to hit the most sensitive spots without
her being able to protect herself. 

Bill grasped the free end of the plug and twisted it around a few
times, then fucked it in and out of Connie's ass. The wrinkled skin
around her asshole disappeared with the plug as it went in and clung
to it as Bill pulled it out of her. Connie felt some stirring in the
pit of her stomach and decided this wasn't so unpleasant after all.
In fact, it felt rather good! She wished it were a cock instead of
the rubber plug, but this would do for now.

She whimpered a little when Bill rammed the plug in as far as it
would go and left it there. Connie was just beginning to enjoy being
fucked by the inanimate object and wished he would continue.

Rosie and Kim had joined them. They were sparkling clean and ready
for the next phase of the evening to begin. Rosie was especially
interested in the plug in Connie's ass, because, unlike her neighbor,

Rosie had always loved being fucked in the ass. Kim, of course, was
like her mother. She had thoroughly enjoyed her first screwing, but
whenever she had been whipped or spanked and had been hit on her
asshole she had always cum almost instantly. Now, she could hardly
wait for someone to fuck her in the ass for the first time.




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club
CHAPTER 11

Bill had built an ingenious device that he planned to use on Rosie.
It was much like the stocks used on sinners in Pilgrim times, but
with a few modifications. The victim's hands and feet were locked
into cutouts in a long rectangular piece of wood. These holes were
fleece-lined to prevent chafing. Their hands were placed into the
inside holes and the feet in the outside ones. The length was
adjustable to allow for maximum spread, according to the size of the
hapless victim. Once secured, a rope was attached to a ring in the
wood. The victim would then be suspended, hanging by their feet and
hands with their body bent into a tight "vee" position. This
position stretched and tightened the skin across the victim's
buttocks and legs, and provided clear access to their thighs, pussy,
and ass. 

Rosie was swinging gently, feeling a slight breeze rustling through
the coarse hair that surrounded her cunt. Her bruised tits were still
throbbing from the abuse they had felt earlier. In her upside down
position, they fell toward the floor, almost covering her face. Deep
red and purple stripes crisscrossed the underside of her globes, the
part that was usually a chalky-white color. They were the result of
Jimmy's caning, and the woman was still feeling the effects of that
punishment.

It was apparent from her position that her thighs, pussy, and ass
would be the next targets for Bill and Jimmy. Rosie could not
suppress the shudder than ran up her spine as she realized just how
open and vulnerable she was.

Kim was relatively unmarked from her previous session. Her ass was
still a little rosy from the thorough spanking she had gotten from
Bill. Her cunt lips were red and puffy from the whipping and the
fucking, but her back, thighs, and front were still pristine. What
Bill had in mind for her would soon take care of that.

The young girl was placed in the frame that Bill had used earlier
when the three of them had been strapped so violently. Kim still
remembered the experience as one of the most painful, yet exciting
punishments she had ever endured. She nervously chewed her lower lip
while trying to adjust to the extreme pressure on her joints, and
contemplated what was going to be done to her.

Now that the three ladies were in position, Bill was in no hurry to
continue. He remembered Rosie telling him that anticipation was the
best torture. Bill wanted them to have plenty of time. Time to
fantasize about the horrible things he could do to them, and time to
test their bonds so they would be absolutely sure there was no
possible way to escape.

Connie was ready for whatever was coming. The pain of the plastic
plug in her ass had turned to pleasure. The joint where her arms met
her shoulders was screaming from the unrelenting pressure. Connie had
no way to relieve the strain, and she knew she would have to keep
very still when her husband started caning her ass or she could
easily pull her arms right from their sockets.

Jimmy watched his dad testing a few of the thin, whippy, canes. The
boy had seen how effective they were when he used one of them on
Rosie's tits. Just the idea of his dad using one of them on his mom's
ass and thighs thrilled Jimmy. He knew she would be willing to do
anything after just a few cuts, and he had some ideas about what he
wanted her to do!

Connie thought she was prepared for anything, but she was wrong. She
heard the whoosh as the cane cut through the air. Her ears registered
the snap when it popped against her flesh, just at the crease where
her left ass cheek quit and her thigh began. The thin tip wrapped
around the back of her leg, ending at the tender inner thigh just
below her pussy lips. A thin line of fire started almost
immediately. It was like a fuse burning. The poor woman felt it start
at one end and burn its way around the circumference of her meaty
thigh. The pain didn't go away or even subside. It was still as
strong as ever when the second blow landed, about an inch down from
the first.

By the time Connie had taken ten vicious cuts her thighs were
bruised and bleeding. She had started screaming after the fifth blow
and was already hoarse. Tears were streaming down her face, and her
bottom lip was bleeding where she had bitten it trying to control
herself.

After a brief rest, Bill continued, this time concentrating on her
ass cheeks. Connie suffered horribly as the cane crashed into her ass
time after time. Her entire backside was on fire, and her shoulders
ached from their strained position. No matter how hard she tried she
had been unable to keep from falling forward from the force of the
blows. This stress on her shoulders caused Connie even more pain.

Connie had finally reached the point she was waiting for, though.
She was no longer screaming. Each new stripe brought only a low,
guttural moan. The fire from the blow was matched with one of equal
intensity deep inside her. Each time the cane cut into her flesh
Connie's vagina convulsed, squeezing the muscles around her clit and
sending ripples of pleasure all the way down to her curled toes.
This pleasure transcended the pain and Connie was now welcoming each
new cut of the cane. Her thighs were wet with the vaginal secretion
that flowed from her spasming pussy.

The cane had struck the butt plug several times, forcing it farther
into Connie's ass. Her climactic convulsions pushed it back out, much
like taking a shit. As the plastic phallus popped out, the brown,
wrinkled, skin of her asshole clung to it, stretching painfully. Bill
saw an opportunity and directed the tip of the cane right against
this extremely sensitive area.

Connie froze as her asshole exploded. It felt as if her sphincter
had been touched with the lit end of a cigarette. The woman had never
felt such excruciating pain. It seemed to build as it spiraled
through her body. Just when Connie was sure she would lose her mind
from the agony, it blossomed, opening up in the pit of her stomach
like a flower greeting the new day. The pain vanished, leaving in its
place a feeling of pleasure that spread to every nerve in her body.

Connie had never used drugs, but she knew that no high could ever
equal what she was feeling now, and, just like an addict, she needed
more. Bill sensed this and gave her what she needed. He wanted to
keep her at the same pain level, letting her adjust and get
accustomed to the pain and pleasure, before increasing the
intensity. He hit her several more times, pulling back just a bit
when he saw the skin split and begin to bleed.

It was euphoric! Every time the cane landed Connie shrieked and
babbled incoherently. Her orgasms were constant, never seeming to
peak or subside, but continuing endlessly, as long as the cane kept
supplying the fuel to keep her fires stoked.

Connie whimpered, protesting weakly when Bill removed the thick plug
that split her ass cheeks and caused her asshole to stretch
uncomfortably. She felt empty without it. 

Her disappointment was somewhat assuaged when Bill selected a thick,
cock-shaped, vibrating dildo, and rammed it all the way into her
pussy with one quick motion. Connie heard the high pitched humming
sound when her husband-Master twisted the base of the plastic prick,
then felt the incredible pleasure as the tip of the device penetrated
her cervix and the shaft massaged the entire length of her silky
love tunnel.

It was enough to keep her cumming, but not as intensely as when she
was in pain. Bill was aware of that and already had a plan to
alleviate the problem. He told Jimmy to grab his mother's ass cheeks
and spread them as wide apart as possible.

Connie felt vulnerable and humiliated knowing her son was holding
her ass cheeks open, looking right into her palpitating, cumming,
pussy with a vibrator crammed deep inside it, and seeing her swollen,
bleeding asshole that seemed to be begging for more abuse. She soon
forgot the degradation she felt when Bill started using the pussy
whip on her split ass.

Knowing the whip was too small and light to do any real damage,
freed Bill to use it with as much force as he could muster. He drew
his arm back and lashed at his wife's ass savagely. When the thin
leather fingers smacked her tender sphincter, Connie went wild. Some
thongs managed to strike each side of her crack while others struck
with full force right on the rim of her distended asshole. The ones
that really drove the woman to the brink of insanity were the ones
that worked their way into the hole itself. She was being fucked in
the ass by the whip! Even her insides were being whipped!

Connie struggled desperately, not wanting her son to see her cumming
like the slut she was, but unable to help herself as impossible
pleasure swept over her in tidal waves. She was like a rutting
animal. The sounds that tore from her throat were almost
unintelligible, moans of agony and sighs of total ecstasy all mixed
together.

"Yessss! Oh Goooddddd, yeessss! Fuck my asshole. Fuck me with that
whip. Beat my ass raawwwww!" she screamed.

Bill saw Connie give herself over to the whip. He realized she was
letting her whole weight rest on her wrenched shoulders, and knew the
pain must have been excruciating. He released her hands, not wanting
her to sustain any real damage. A woman with two dislocated shoulders
would have not been very much fun. 

The spreader bar kept her legs spread wide as she fell forward. Her
arms were completely numb from the bondage and wouldn't support her,
so, although she tried to break her fall, she crashed into the floor,
mashing her sore tits in the process. Connie quickly twisted and
wiggled her body so that her ass stuck up high in the air. As wide
spread as she was, she presented a great target, which was just what
she wanted. Her ass swayed gently back and forth, seeming to beg for
Bill to punish her with the whip. Bill didn't want to disappoint her
but he still had Rosie and Kim to take care of, so he turned his whip
over to Jimmy, who was delighted.

The young boy went about his whipping like he did his fucking. His
arm was a blur as he lashed at Connie's ass. Many blows missed their
mark, landing on her thighs, and pussy, but most hit the target,
blistering the crack of her ass and punishing the delicate tissue
that guarded the entrance to her anus. Connie screeched, urging her
son on.

"That's it" she hissed, through clenched teeth. "Harder, Jimmy! Hit
me as hard as you can. I love it. My ass loves it. Bury that whip in
my asshole!"

His mother's screaming and begging urged Jimmy on, making his
flailing become harder and faster. When he was finally too tired to
continue, he was horrified at the damage he had done. His mothers'
ass was crisscrossed with deep, red and purple stripes. Blood oozed
from several of the worse ones. Her asshole was gaping open, and
leaking a clear, pinkish fluid. Connie didn't seem to mind though.
She was still calling for more.

Jimmy was rock hard. Beating his mother had excited him so much he
could hardly stand it. He didn't know if he needed approval but he
really didn't care. In seconds he ripped off his pants and underwear
and positioned himself behind his mother, his cock just at the
entrance to her well-beaten asshole. With no preliminaries or
warning, he drove his hips forward, sinking his hot shaft all the way
up Connie's poop chute.

The sudden entry surprised Connie and she let out a sharp yell. Her
son's cock scraped against the torn tissue of her asshole, sending
paroxysms of pain through her pelvic region. It was just what she
wanted and needed! Her ass took on a life of its own, weaving from
side to side, thrusting back and forth. Jimmy held on to her love
handles and let her do all the work. 

Jimmy's mind wandered while he was butt-fucking his mother. What a
day! He had fucked Rosie twice and had been sucked off by Kim and his
own mother. Now he was screwing his mother in the ass!

Connie's mind was totally focused on what she was doing. She was at
a fever pitch. Her pussy and tits had been tortured earlier, and she
could still feel the soreness there. Her ass had been abused to the
point where she almost lost her mind, and now she was being
gloriously reamed by her son! She was euphoric. Orgasm after orgasm
swept through her, pushing her to a higher plane, higher than she
had ever reached before. Every time Jimmy plunged his cock into the
depths of her sore asshole, it hurt so much, her breath was taken
away, but the pain only spurred her on, because as it raced through
her body it turned to pure pleasure when it exploded in her brain.

Rosie's mind was focused as well. It was focused on her ass, thighs,
and pussy, where Bill was repeatedly pounding her with the
metal-studded, leather paddle. Being suspended, with her body bent
sharply at the waist, her feet and hands trapped in the stocks, kept
her from seeing anything except her fingers and toes, all of which
were curled tightly in response to the sharp flashes of pain that
exploded with each crack of the paddle against her stretched skin.

Her position seemed to maximize the effect of the paddle. Bill had
used the device on her before, and, while it certainly had hurt
enough to get her juices flowing, it had been nothing like what she
was experiencing now. She shamelessly bellowed with each crack of the
paddle.

Kim's mother was on fire, both externally, where the paddle had
scorched her skin, and internally, where the flames had ignited a
white-hot heat deep in her loins. Her voice was growing hoarse from
the high-pitched screams she emitted each time the paddle landed on
her bruised skin. Occasionally the paddle landed at the juncture of
her thighs and ass, driving a metal stud directly into her clit.
This never failed to elicit screams of agony and ecstasy from the
poor, tortured woman, as the intense pain triggered shattering
orgasms. Her body jerked spasmodically, totally out of control, her
love bud vibrating in response to the abuse. It had turned an angry
red color and had poked out from its protective hood as if
encouraging Bill to direct his attentions to the ultra-sensitive
piece of female sex-flesh.

The paddling action had started Rosie swinging back and forth. The
couple soon developed a rhythm. Bill smacked her hard with the
paddle, propelling her backward. Rosie shrieked, exploded into an
orgasm, and shuddered through her backward arc. As she stopped and
began to swing forward she gritted her teeth, trying to prepare
herself for the next blow, which would come just as she reached the
stopping point in her forward motion.

Her backside began to resemble tenderized meat as the spanking
continued. Blood oozed from several spots where the metal studs had
broken the skin. As the pain increased so did the length and
intensity of her orgasms. She was now still in the throes of a full
blown cum when she reached the forward arc of her swing. When the
paddle crashed into her, it started her new orgasm at the intensity
level of the old one. It didn't take many repetitions of this before
she was in danger of overloading her systems. 

Bill let her jerk her way through several complete swings without
adding any more stimulation. He used the time to observe her
carefully. When he saw that she was beginning to come down from her
incredible high he stepped in front of her, his iron-hard cock
grasped in his hand. Rosie never saw it coming. As she swung forward,
she impaled herself on his stiff rod. As her bruised butt and thighs
crashed into Bill she felt her pussy, tight from her position, split
in half. His hard cock battered her cuntal walls and cervix, sending
the woman into an orgasm of monumental proportions. Her backward
swing pulled her off his cock with a wet, sucking sound. Moments
later she crashed into him again. Each time it happened, his rigid
maleness punished her, battering the inside of her pussy. He was
using his cock to beat her slick love canal, from the inside, where
it was the most sensitive, and Rosie was in seventh heaven.

Bill's concentration was broken when he heard his wife scream. He
couldn't tell if it was from pain or pleasure, and frankly, with
Connie, they were the same. He looked around, finding her with her
head thrown back roaring like an animal in heat, her ass high in the
air, waving around like it had a red-hot poker shoved up it. It did!
Jimmy's cock was plunging in and out so fast Bill thought it might
catch on fire. Obviously, Connie was on fire. She jerked like a
puppet on a string, the sounds coming from her were unintelligible.
Being fucked in the ass by her son had sent Connie to Nirvana, and
she didn't ever want to come back.

The look of pure, unadulterated, pleasure on their faces gave Bill
an idea. He gave Rosie and extra hard push, pulling his cock from her
pussy with a loud plop. He grabbed his hard dong and bent his knees a
little, taking aim at her winking brown eye, as the unaware woman
swung back to him. Rosie had no clue or warning that she was about to
be reamed, fucked in the ass by Bill's thick man-shaft.

She swung forward, eagerly expecting the quick pressure at the
entrance to her pussy, followed by the sudden separation of her slick
lips, and the impact, as her hips slammed into his, his cock scraping
her grasping cuntal walls before embedding his huge purple head deep
in her womb with a force that took her breath away. Instead, she felt
her asshole rip as his heart-shaped glans punctured the entrance to
her chocolate highway. His cock was so greasy and slick from her
cuntal secretions that her momentum kept her moving forward,
splitting her apart, tearing the delicate tissues of her asshole,
until she had taken his entire length.

She was so tight and gripped his cock so firmly that she almost
ripped his cock off when she started her backward swing. Instead, she
jerked and danced, resembling a sausage-on-a-stick, as powerful cums
racked her bent and abused body. Bill grabbed her waist and began
rocking her back and forth, pulling his cock out almost all the way,
drawing the wrinkled skin around her asshole out with it, until it
stretched to the tearing point, then drilling into her savagely,
burying his cock to the hilt in one swift lunge.

Rosie was delirious. Her tits ached from the severe torment Bill and
Jimmy had put them through earlier. Her bent position mashed them
flat against her legs, the soreness reminding her of what had already
been done to her. Rosie was most aware of her nipples. The torture
had made them both very sensitive, and every movement caused them to
scrape against her thighs, sending shock waves of electricity
through her system. Some people might have described the woman's
predicament as hell, but Rosie couldn't imagine anything better. She
was wrong!

At the height of one of her strongest cums yet, Bill released
Rosie's waist, grabbing her raw nipples between his thumbs and
forefingers. He squeezed them flat, twisting them cruelly, and
rolling the sensitive nubbins back and forth rapidly. Rosie went off
like a rocket. Her ass clenched down on him so tightly that Bill
thought she might pinch his cock off! Thick cream gushed from her
cunt, matting her pussy hair, as the woman bucked, gyrating wildly in
her confinement. When she thought she could stand no more, Bill let
go of her nipples, moving one hand to her pussy. He fumbled briefly,
finally capturing her vibrating clit between his finger and
thumbnail.

"Ohhhhh Goooodddd! Nnnnooooooooo!" the woman ranted as he dug his
nail into her most sensitive organ. "I c.. c.. can't stand it!
Please stooooppppppp!"

Bill knew she didn't mean it. Rosie had frozen, her muscles locked
tight, her eyes rolled back so that only the white was visible. He
quickly rammed three fingers deep into her cunt while digging his
nail into her clit even harder. He could feel his cock through the
thin wall that separated her pussy from her ass. Outside, Rosie was
rigid, but inside she was quivering. Bill felt the vibrations running
up and down the length of his cock and felt her elastic cunt grip his
fingers, squeezing them hard, quaking, like someone doing isometric
exercises. 

After several minutes, Rosie suddenly went completely limp. She had
passed out, unable to take any more of the exquisite pleasure-pain.
The last thing she remembered was what had finally triggered the
incredible orgasm that overloaded her and caused her body to shut
down.

Bill's cock started jerking in her ass. Without releasing his grip
on her clit or pulling his fingers from her cunt, he had started
slamming his hips into her, bludgeoning her ass with his cock. She
felt his hot cum splashing against the walls of her battered ass.
His hand pushed hard against her gaping pussy, almost going in all
the way! Rosie had never been fisted before, but now knew that she
wanted to try. Every nerve ending in her tortured body exploded,
releasing the tension that had been building for so long. She
remembered cumming, not just in her ass or pussy, but all over. She
remembered it lasting for a very long time, but she didn't remember
it stopping.

Almost simultaneously, Jimmy exploded into Connie's ass. Feeling her
son's cock spurting its load deep in her bowels sent the woman off
into a mind-numbing cum that left her weak and limp. Connie hadn't
passed out like her neighbor, but her eyes were glazed and it was
clear that she was through for the time being.




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club
CHAPTER 12

Kim was beside herself. She had watched her mom and Connie take
their punishment, and heard the chilling screams that tore from their
throats. The young girl was terrified. She knew the older women could
stand more pain than she. If they were in such agony, how would she
be able to stand it? Of course, she was also aware the screams had
changed about half way through their torture session. The women
still screamed, loudly and vigorously, but Kim knew from the tone
that now, they were screams of pure pleasure.

It had not escaped the girl that both Connie and her mother had
ended their session by getting screwed in the ass. She was excited
about that prospect. Her fresh, young, pussy was no longer virgin,
but her ass had never been invaded by a cock. Kim shuddered as she
imagined how it might feel. She expected some pain, but if it was
like her first fuck, the pain would only make the ass fucking more
enjoyable.

Kim would have to wait, because Bill and Jimmy were both spent.
Jimmy's teenaged cock was shriveled and useless, although it was
usually rock-hard and ready to go. Fucking his mom in the ass had
taken everything out of the boy. Bill was so exhausted that he had
almost forgotten Rosie and left her swinging upside-down and passed
out. He had managed to bring her down and unhook her arms and legs
before collapsing, totally done in, at least for the time being.
Jimmy had unfastened Connie's legs from the spreader bar before he
joined his dad on the cushions that were spread over the floor.

Connie and Rosie lay right where they landed. It didn't matter that
they were no longer bound. Neither woman had the energy nor the
inclination to move.

As expected, Jimmy was the first to come around. His cock was still
limp and swung slowly from side to side as he crossed the room to
Kim. She licked her lips in anticipation. It was finally her turn!
The girl was a little disappointed that it was Jimmy who was taking
her. Kim knew that Bill was more experienced and would be more able
to give her maximum pain without really doing any damage. She had
waited so long though, it didn't really matter. She was ready!

Kim needn't have worried about Jimmy's inability to give her enough
pain. The boy had learned a lot in a short amount of time. He had
watched his father carefully, and had observed his mother and Rosie
while they were being tortured. He knew that the pain had to be real,
and it needed to be applied in gradually increasing doses to be
effective.

Jimmy had made another observation. Apparently, as of yet, none of
the women had reached their limit. Nothing Bill or he had done had
caused one of them to cry "enough." "Just how much do these women
want and need before they're completely satisfied?" Jimmy wondered.
Since Kim was available, she was going to be the subject of his
experiment. He was going to torture and abuse his young friend until
she could take no more, then he was going to fuck her in every hole
until both were too exhausted to continue.

Had Kim known about the plan she would have readily agreed. As it
was, she hoped that Jimmy would hurt her hard enough and fast enough
to get her over the threshold quickly. The girl was experienced
enough to know the pain would turn to pleasure after a while, but it
hurt so much until it reached that point.

Jimmy spun the frame, putting her back and ass in jeopardy, and
interrupting her musing. Seconds later she heard the swish of leather
thongs cutting through the air. Her back exploded as the nine, thin,
fingers of the cat slapped into the taut flesh. A high-pitched scream
tore from her throat as the whip fell again, seeming to tear the skin
from her bones.

Jimmy targeted different parts of the poor girl's vulnerable
backside. He slashed her back, her ass, and the backs of her thighs.
Several blows even marked her full, muscular, calves.

Kim was in agony. She screamed until her throat was raw and her
voice cracked. Hot salty tears poured from her eyes and fell
unnoticed to the floor. Each time the awful weapon dug into her
flesh, she surged, fighting vainly against the straps that held her
securely in place. She was just at her breaking point when her
tormenter directed his blows to the crease of her ass.

The blood-curdling scream of agony and despair got caught in her
throat, finally emerging as a squeak, followed by eerie, low-pitched,
gurgling sounds. It felt as if Jimmy was running a blow torch up and
down the crease of her ass. Some strands found their way into her
pussy, snapping against the spongy flesh with a wet, soggy splat. Kim
froze when the whip cracked against her clit. She was sure it had
been ripped from her body, but it was what she wanted, and it was
what she needed, because the fire changed instantly into the
white-hot heat of lust and desire.

Kim was almost disappointed when Jimmy spun the frame again,
exposing her front to the ravishment of the whip. She wanted him to
continue whipping her ass and pussy. The disappointment vanished when
the boy lashed savagely at her tender breasts. The leather fingers
ripped into her soft, white tit-flesh cruelly, sending shock waves
of pleasure-pain through her system. Kim hardly had time to react
before he stroked her again, this time slicing the whip onto her
protruding and unprotected mound.

When Jimmy finally dropped the whip in sheer exhaustion, his friend
was writhing in agony, and shuddering her way through a series of
bone-jarring cums. She was marked with deep red welts from the tops
of her once creamy tits to her splayed thighs, and everywhere in
between, both front and back. The girl had never been so thoroughly
beaten. Kim had also never had such satisfying orgasms just from
being whipped.

Jimmy wasn't through, just resting. His experiment was not yet
complete, because, although Kim had yelled long and loud, she had not
begged for him to stop. In fact, it had been the opposite. At one
point she was screaming at the top of her lungs for him to hit her
harder. He had done his best to comply, and it had resulted in
sending her into her first paroxysms of orgasm. Kim had jerked so
hard against the frame the boy had been afraid that she might pull
her arms and legs from their sockets.

Kim was still twitching through small orgasms when Jimmy spun the
frame once more. Her feet went straight up in the air, and her long
hair brushed the floor. She felt the blood rush to her head. She
really loved it when she was suspended, especially upside-down. The
distorted view made everything so much more intense. The girl waited
eagerly, wondering what was waiting for her now.

Jimmy didn't make her wait too long. He got some strength back in
his arms and decided how to proceed. Kim was used to the whip. Her
mom had often whipped, caned, spanked, and paddled her. Jimmy knew
that Rosie had avoided making Kim's punishment sessions overtly
sexual, although the overtones had been there. Jimmy noticed that
when he lashed Kim on her pussy it had sent her into orbit. If he
really wanted to give Kim a new experience, he would have to
concentrate on her sexual parts, her tits, ass, and pussy.

Kim was supercharged sexually. Her tits throbbed from the few
lashings they had taken. She was intensely aware of her hard nipples
poking out from her soft, firm orbs. The newly plowed flesh of her
cunt was gushing lubrication. Her labia, both inner and outer, were
puffy, engorged with blood, and hypersensitive. Kim's ass still felt
the sting of the lashes. When she clenched her ass cheeks together,
she could still feel the fire Jimmy had created there.

Jimmy sat in front of the spread-eagled girl. Her upside-down
position made her even more beautiful. He loved the way her tight,
firm titties fell down toward her face, the smooth, alabaster-white
area underneath her ample breasts stretched and exposed. He dribbled
a few drops of oil there, waiting while it slowly made its way to
her hard, pointed, tit-tips. It was "Motion Lotion," a special oil
that got hot when rubbed or blown on.

A shudder ran up Kim's spine when Jimmy began working the oil into
her tits. His light, feathery touch was unexpected, but welcome! She
had been expecting pain and was ready for it, but this confused her
poor tortured body. The oil made her orbs slick. Jimmy covered both
her breasts with his hands, her pulsating nipples burrowing into his
palms. He slowly twisted his hands back and forth, his fingertips
barely touching her at the base of her throbbing globes.

It was maddening! The light, almost imperceptible, touch was driving
Kim crazy. She tried to arch her back, forcing her tits into his
hands, as he slowly pulled back, letting his fingertips glide along
her smooth skin until he was gripping only her nipples. Jimmy gently
rubbed her charged nipples between his thumbs and fingers, sending
electrical sparks flying through the bound girl. This was when Kim
noticed the heat. His fingertips had left trails of hot, pulsing
tit-flesh from the base of her soft, pillowy globes, to her nipples,
which were now pounding, keeping time with her heartbeat. They had
grown even more, now at least an inch long and so hot she thought
they were glowing!

Jimmy kept this up for several minutes, delighting in the
animal-like rutting it was causing in his friend. Kim thrashed in the
frame, trying desperately for more contact with Jimmy's talented
fingers and hands. Occasionally, he stopped, leaning close to the
surging girl and blowing a stream of air on each of her nipples.
This never failed to elicit a response, making Kim moan loudly and
twist in the frame, shaking her tits as much as possible. All this
attention to her tits had brought Kim to the brink of orgasm but was
not enough to push her over the edge. She hovered, her head
swirling, her muscles locked, and her pussy gushing, but not quite
cumming. It was an agonizing torture in its most subtle form!

When he tired of amusing himself with her tits, Jimmy stood and
repeated the process, this time dribbling the oil down the smooth
delicate skin of Kim's inner thighs. Kim felt the oil make its way
all the way to her crotch, puddling in the already swampy morass of
her palpitating pussy. He spread the oil carefully, making sure her
puffy, almost hairless, pussy lips were thoroughly coated, inside and
out, then gently spread the slick, elastic flaps, exposing her
vibrating clitoris.

Using the lightest possible touch, Jimmy swirled his index finger
around the outside of the tiny female penis, causing it to become
even more erect and peek out from its protective hood. Kim felt the
heat from the oil begin to build. Gooseflesh formed all over her body
as Jimmy used his fingertips to trace patterns of liquid fire up her
thighs, over her labia, and onto the very tip of her most sensitive
piece of female sex- flesh.

Kim quivered. She was so aroused that the slightest miscue by Jimmy
would have sent her crashing into a massive orgasm, but he was very
careful. He kept his touch too light to give her the stimulation she
needed, and went slowly enough to allow her body to acclimate to the
increasing level of excitation she was feeling.

The young nymph was euphoric. She had never felt so good. This felt
like she was cumming except it didn't reach a peak. It just kept
going higher and higher, the pleasure getting more and more intense.
Just when Kim thought she had reached the summit, she felt a new,
even better, sensation.

She was being whipped again! Jimmy was sitting, again concentrating
on her swollen tits and nipples. He had chosen to whip her with a
long silky turkey feather. The tip was extremely soft, with frail,
lacy feathering. The feather got stiffer near the base and close to
the quill. Jimmy was driving the young girl out of her mind, tapping
her nipples rapidly with the soft portion of the feather. Its
delicate touch and the wind from the fanning motion combined to raise
the heat in her aching nipples. They were white- hot, and throbbing
so hard he could see them pulsing.

Just when Kim thought her nipples would burst, Jimmy moved the
feather, now sawing at her electrified nubbins with the stiffer part
of the feather. Sky rockets exploded in her head. Her entire world
was centered on those two pieces of sexually charged female anatomy.
She was so sensitive there, it felt as if her nipples were actually
being sawed off!

Jimmy stopped at just the instant she was going to boil over into an
explosive cum, leaving her frustrated, needing to cum, and willing to
do anything to get it.

"NOOOO! Please . . . Don't . . . Stop!" she stammered. "I need to
cum! I have to cum! Pleeeassse . . . Don't Stooooppp!" she begged.
"I'll do anything you ask. I'll suck your cock, lick your balls, eat
out your asshole . . . anything, but please let me cum." Kim was
almost delirious.

Jimmy said nothing, but waited for her to calm down. Once he was
sure it was safe to continue, he moved to her wide spread thighs. He
stroked the insides of her thighs with the feather, turning it
sideways so that the tips just brushed each straining inner thigh,
tickling her and driving her mad with desire. When he reached the
hot vee of her crotch, he fluttered it, spanking her nether lips with
a faint touch.

Kim bucked her hips wildly, trying desperately for firmer contact
with the maddening object. Calmly, Jimmy turned the feather sideways,
again using it like a saw, running it rapidly back and forth just
inside her slick, puffy, labia.

Kim went crazy, whipping her head from side to side, shrieking at
the top of her lungs, begging to be fucked. With acumen far beyond
his years, Jimmy kept up the stimulation until Kim was ready to
explode, taking her farther up the ladder to total sexual
abandonment. She was no longer able to think straight. She existed
only for sex. Her pussy dictated everything she said and did. When
Jimmy stopped short, again, she openly wept with bitter
disappointment.

What Jimmy did next was almost diabolical. He spread Kim's weeping
pussy lips with one hand, using the other to flutter the tip of the
feather against her red, wet, inner lips. The boy marveled at the way
her stomach muscles convulsed, rippling like a washboard, from her
chest to her pelvis. The seldom exposed nether lips jerked wildly,
gaped open, and spit out of gob of odoriferous vaginal lubricant. He
didn't know a woman could shoot off like a man!

Kim's gaping gash gave the boy another idea, which he acted upon
immediately. Still holding her outer lips apart, he poised the
feather at the entrance to her convulsing, scalloped, maw. Hesitating
long enough to catch her when her cunt lips parted, revealing a
glistening cavern that seemed to go on forever, he suddenly plunged
the feather deep into her hole, burying it almost all the way.
Holding the feather by the base of the quill, Jimmy spun it between
his thumb and fingers. When she felt the hairlike feather tips
hitting her super sensitive cuntal walls, Kim's hips bucked with
blinding speed, totally out of control.

She was being fucked with a feather! It didn't matter to the
depraved girl. She would gladly fuck a snake if that would finally
allow her to cum. Kim tried hard to push herself over the edge,
knowing that Jimmy would try to frustrate her again. Kim hoped to
catch him off guard, reaching orgasm before he had time to react.
Jimmy was studying her too carefully to let that happen, and he
pulled the feather out of her pussy just in time.

It was too much. Kim's mind snapped. She had been raised to a
pinnacle of sexual excitation far beyond where she had ever gone
before, and had been held there for what seemed like hours to the
frustrated girl.

"Nooooooo!! I can't staaaaand iiiit anyyymoooore!" she yelled. "Tell
me what you want. I'll do anythinnggggg!"

It was what Jimmy had been waiting for, and he thought Kim was
finally at the point where she meant what she said. He was ready to
test her.

"Ok. Here's the deal" he said. "You have exactly five minutes to do
anything you want to your mother. If you can make her scream in that
length of time, you get to move on to my mom. You get four minutes to
do the same thing with her. If you make it in time, you get three
minutes to make my dad cum. Do that, and I'll let you choose what
happens to you. Anything you want is yours. If you fail at any point
along the way, I'll tie you up so you can't reach any part of your
body and make you stay that way until tomorrow."

It wasn't exactly what Kim wanted to hear, but at least it gave her
a chance.

"I'll do it, anything you say, I'll do it!"

She hoped that Connie and her mom would understand. The girl just
couldn't help herself. She had to cum, and it had to be soon or she
would lose her mind. Kim told herself they would do the same thing in
her place. Then, smiling, she realized, if the situation were
reversed, she would do everything in her power to keep from
screaming. She would try to turn the tables on her tormentor. If
possible she would keep silent, making them lose their bet, and
therefore suffer the worst torture of all, which was not being
allowed to cum.

Rosie and Connie had heard the deal and knew what Kim was going
through. They put themselves in her place and both knew what they
would do in a similar situation. They would do everything they could
to get their victim to scream. Bill had spiced up the deal by telling
each of the older women he would get them just as worked up as Kim
and leave them frustrated for the whole night if they allowed her to
win. It was not a prospect either woman relished. Torture, they could
stand and even welcome, but not being allowed to finish with the
pleasure would make the pain unbearable. It was enough incentive for
them to try hard to keep Kim from winning.

Her mother would be easy. The young girl had several advantages. For
one thing Kim knew her mother's weaknesses, and could exploit them.
Also, she was desperate, and had to win. Another advantage was that
she would actually enjoy torturing the older women. The biggest edge
she had though, was that she knew her mother really wanted and needed
the pain. She wouldn't really be hurting her mother. She would be
doing her a favor.

After asking Kim how she wanted Rosie positioned, Jimmy brought his
neighbor, the one who relieved him of his virginity, to the center of
the room. He cuffed her ankles into a spreader bar, making Rosie
extend her legs to the limit. Next, he placed a long bar across the
back of her neck and shoulders and fastened her wrists into the
cuffs at the ends and her neck into the collar in the center of the
bar. The final touch was attaching a pulley to each bar and pulling
them tight.

Rosie rose slowly into the air. She felt the strain on her wrists
and neck first, then gradually lost contact with the floor as her
legs were pulled up and back. She was suspended, inclined at about a
sixty degree angle. The way her pendulous breasts swung back and
forth provocatively, alerted Rosie to her daughter's intentions. Her
nipples stiffened and grew in anticipation. It was time to begin.




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club
CHAPTER 13

Knowing she had only five minutes to accomplish her goal and being
well aware of her mother's high tolerance for pain, Kim went right to
work. She started with rubber bands. They were thick but had a small
diameter. After a brief struggle, Kim could get two or three around
the base of each of Rosie's enormous tits, making them swell to even
greater proportions and turn a dark, red color.

Rosie stared into her daughter's eyes while the young girl pinched
and twisted her nipples. She was scared by what she saw. Kim's smoke,
gray, eyes were dark, and glazed with lust. Rosie saw coldness there
that she had never seen before. She saw that her daughter was on a
mission that would not be denied. The woman knew the girl would show
her no mercy, but then, she wanted none! 

Despite her fear, Rosie tingled with desire. Her tits were already
rock-hard and throbbing. The twisting and pulling of her nipples had
made them stiffen and grow. They were at least an inch long and
jutted from her surrounding tit-flesh like pencil erasers.

Kim had rummaged around the basement-dungeon earlier and found just
what she wanted, two blocks of wood covered with fine sandpaper. The
original use was to put a fine, smooth, finish on a piece of wood,
but she was going to use them on her mother's nipples. Taking off a
layer or two of skin might be just painful enough to bring a scream.
If it didn't, it would at least cause her mother's twin bullets to
become extremely sensitive. That would at least make her unable to
stand the other tortures that Kim had in mind for her.

Kim grabbed Rosie's left tit, squeezing it roughly and tilting it
up. She placed one of the blocks on top of the swollen globe, the
edge just touching the brown, puckered, areola that was already puffy
with desire, and ran it back and forth rapidly, polishing Rosie's
pulsating mound of breast flesh.

"Uuunngghh!" Rosie moaned. Her tit was on fire! The sandpaper ground
through the top layer of skin, leaving tiny flecks of blood showing
underneath. The heat was awesome, sending a flame of agony to the
base of her aching tit, and farther, to the pit of her stomach where
it spread, eventually consuming her entire being. A scream of agony
rose up in her throat. The woman fought valiantly to contain it,
just barely being successful.

Kim moved quickly, sanding from the base to the areola around the
complete circumference of her mother's bloated tits. Rosie pressed
her lips together, chewing on them to keep from screaming. She
whipped her head from side to side, while tears streamed down her
face. This only increased her agony as the salty liquid fell on her
raw flesh. It felt like acid was eating away at her precious globes.

Rosie had lost all sense of time, she knew her torture was to last
only five minutes, but it already felt like hours to her. Kim,
however, knew exactly how much time had passed. She had only used
about half her allotted time. The girl could tell her mother was
almost ready to crack. Swiftly, she went to phase two.

Taking a block in each hand, Kim pressed them into the center of
Rosie's tits, forcing the erect nipples back into the softer tissue.
Her hands began to move, slowly, at first, then gaining speed.
Rosie's areolae and the ultra sensitive tips of her nipples were
being ground away!

"AAAeeeaahhhhhh!" Unable to suppress it, the anguished scream tore
from Rosie's throat. "No more. Please stop. Oh God, Noooooo! I can't
stand any more." Even as the pain exploded in her, Rosie felt the
familiar tingling that signaled the start of an orgasm. Her pussy
filled, then overflowed, with thick cream. Her clit swelled, bobbing
in time to Kim's rapid polishing of her tit tips. As the pain grew
in intensity, so did the strength of her orgasm, finally exploding in
every raw nerve ending in her body. Rosie lost all the strength in
her muscles. She hung limply, twitching and jerking uncontrollably,
while her orgasm ran its course.

Kim had won the first round. She became more conscious of her own
unfulfilled desires as she watched her mother thrash about, obviously
in the throes of exquisite pain and pleasure. An unrelenting feeling
of lust permeated her body. She had to have satisfaction and now only
two obstacles stood in her way. Kim was ready to attack Connie.

Connie presented an entirely different situation. Kim had seen the
woman take punishment and had heard the things her neighbor had said.

Jimmy's mom was a woman who truly craved pain. The young girl knew it
would take a herculean effort on her part to break Connie and make
her scream, especially considering she had only four minutes in which
to do it, but she had a plan. She hoped and prayed it would work.

Kim had Jimmy lay his mother on the long bench that dominated one
side of the dungeon. Connie arms were stretched back over her head.
Her wrists were wrapped tightly with a length of rope which was tied
off at the end of the bench, leaving her upper body totally immobile.

Connie's ankles were tied tightly to rings set in the legs of the
bench. The woman looked like a Spanish Inquisition victim stretched
on the rack, but Kim was not quite through.

As a final touch, Kim had Jimmy add two more ropes to the hopelessly
bound woman. One ran just beneath Connie's boobs, then under the
bench. This not only tied Connie's upper body to the bench, but also
made her ample bosom stand up from her chest. The second rope also
circled the bench, crossing Connie's body right above her pubic bone,
cinching her pelvic region to the bench and making her pussy
protrude more than usual.

Before she began, Kim slipped a pillow under the bound woman's head.
It was not out of concern for Connie's comfort, but rather, to make
sure the hapless lady had a good view of what was about to happen to
her. Fear was going to play a large role in Kim's domination of
Connie. It was essential to Kim's plan that Connie could see
everything that was going on.

Jimmy started timing when Kim fastened her lips around one of
Connie's nipples. She gently ran her tongue around the sensitive bud,
loving the way it responded almost immediately. As it grew in her
mouth she carefully massaged it with her pursed lips. When it had
grown enough to grip the base with her lips and still be able to
tease the tip with her tongue, the younger girl started sucking,
nursing on Connie's breast just like Jimmy had when he was a baby.

Connie moaned and tried to push her throbbing tit into Kim's warm,
wet, mouth. She was unable to move, even an inch, so she had to be
content with whatever Kim chose to do. When Kim felt the pulsation in
Connie's nipple, she knew that it was ready. It took less than a
minute to bring its twin up to a similar state of agitation.

Satisfied that she had done all she could to make Connie intensely
aware of her nipples, Kim moved quickly between the woman's spread
legs. She swirled the tip of her tongue all around Connie's pink
quivering clitoris, coaxing it from it's protective covering. When it
appeared, glistening from it's coating of female lubrication, Kim
captured it with her soft, moist, lips. Squeezing it gently, she
flogged it with the tip of her tongue, which brought cries of ecstasy
from Connie.

Connie closed her eyes. Her head rolled from side to side, and she
sighed softly as she enjoyed the oral ministrations of her son's
girlfriend. She loved being tortured, but had to admit this was also
very nice. Suddenly, an excruciating pain lanced through her nipple,
taking her completely by surprise and almost causing her to scream
out loud. Connie was barely able to control herself as the pain
intensified. Her eyes flew open as she frantically searched for the
object of her torment.

Connie was horrified at what she saw. Kim, with a sadistic grin on
her face, was holding a large sewing needle with a pair of
needle-nosed pliers. She repeatedly heated the frightful object in
the flame of a cigarette lighter then held it against one of Connie's
poor, mistreated, nipples. The heat was intense, but dissipated
quickly since the thin needle was unable to hold heat for long.

Now that she had the woman's attention, Kim moved closer, heating
the needle longer then quickly laying it against the anguished
woman's nipple. Connie heard a slight sizzle just before the searing
pain tore through her breast. She was using all her will power to
keep from screaming. Her nipples turned an angry red color and began
to blister. Connie could not remember ever having suffered such
intense agony. For the first time, she was focusing totally on the
needle, the flame, and her pain. She could feel herself responding
sexually, but she was in far too much agony to enjoy it.

Kim moved between the raving woman's legs. When she started heating
the needle again, Connie went berserk. This crazy girl was going to
burn her clit! She fought insanely against her bonds, hoping vainly
that she could free herself and escape the terrible pain she knew was
coming.

"No . . . Not there! Please don't burn my clit!" the poor woman raved.

Kim's upraised eyebrows silently questioned. Connie knew all she had
to do was to scream, or ask the girl to stop, but something inside
her would not let the woman give in. Her nipples still burned
furiously, and she could only imagine the incredible pain she would
feel when Kim touched her most sensitive organ with the hot needle.

She was trembling, both from the pain she felt and the fear of what
was coming, but more importantly, she was now amazingly turned on.
Her nipples ached and throbbed, still burning, but the pain had
subsided enough to let the other feeling take over. Connie was
tingling all over. Every nerve ending in her body seemed poised,
ready to erupt violently. Like Pavlov's dogs, salivating at the sound
of a bell that signaled food, Connie's pussy was soaked, love juice
pouring out of her and puddling on the bench below. She knew she was
about to experience the most horrible pain she had ever felt, but she
also knew it would bring on the best cum of her life.

Knowing that time was running out, Kim left the needle in the flame
a long time. She probably wouldn't have another chance. It was all or
nothing. Dropping the lighter, she quickly spread Connie's pussy lips
far apart, exposing the quivering mass of nerve endings that was the
core of every woman's being. The girl laid the hot needle directly
against Connie's clit, running it back and forth from base to point
on either side of the jerking nub. Kim heard the sizzle of burning
flesh and smelled the unmistakable odor as she branded her next door
neighbor.

Connie held her breath as she nervously watched the hot needle
approach her crotch. She tried to steel herself for the pain she knew
would soon hit her, but it was impossible. When the needle touched
her clit she heard the hiss as her lubrication turned to steam, but
there was no way to prepare for the tidal wave of horrendous pain
that followed.

Connie's eyes lost their focus. She saw only a blinding white light
to match the white- hot heat in her clit. The pain wouldn't go away,
it just kept building, spiraling through her clit, into her cunt,
through her pelvis, and finally taking command of all her senses.
Every nerve, organ, and cell in her body exploded, sending a rush of
adrenalin through her system. Connie screamed. She begged God to make
it stop hurting, then cursed Him when He didn't. Her throat was raw
and her voice was cracking when a marvelous thing happened.

The misery she was feeling mushroomed. When it reached its peak and
began spreading like the cloud from an atomic bomb, a transformation
took place. As intense as the pain had been, the pleasure was even
more so. Connie started cumming. She continued cumming hard, each
taking off from another, like a string of firecrackers going off. The
almost insane woman was screaming at God again, this time thanking
Him, praising Him for allowing her to feel so good, and praying for
the feeling to go on forever.

Connie didn't know how long she had been cumming or how often she
had erupted. She did know that it far surpassed anything she had ever
experienced. She had finally found what she had been looking for, the
ultimate orgasm. Forgotten, at least for the time being, was the
anguish she had suffered to achieve it. The way she felt now, it
wouldn't have mattered. Connie would gladly undergo that much pain,
and more, if this was the result.

Waiting for Connie to work her way through her cums gave Kim some
time to reflect. She had beaten the first two obstacles Jimmy had put
before her. The girl had done some awful things to Connie and her
mom, and she knew if the tables were ever turned, as she was sure
they would be, she would suffer horribly at their hands. None of that
mattered now, however, because Kim was still smoldering inside. If
anything, she was even hotter than she had been when Jimmy had
stopped teasing her and had proposed the game they were playing now.

Glancing at Bill, the young girl was discouraged when she saw his
cock hanging limp and lifeless between his legs. He had been watching
the show. How could he be unaffected? Kim desperately tried to think
of a way to get her Master excited and cumming all in the space of
three short minutes. She groaned. To fail now, after being so close,
would be more than she could stand. There had to be a way.

The answer was so clear that Kim was amazed that she hadn't thought
of it sooner. Bill liked punishing women. She had Jimmy strap her
into a spreader bar. Once her legs were fixed as wide apart as
possible, she asked the boy to suspend her upside- down so that her
mouth would be in line with Bill's cock. Once this was done, she
called Bill, and handed him the vicious multi stranded whip she had
in her hand.

"Whip me, please" she asked, taking hold of his soft cock with her
right hand. "Lash my ass, my cunt, and my thighs. Don't hold back.
Hit me as hard as you can and as many times as you wish." The last
part was almost lost as the young masochistic nymph stuffed his
entire limp appendage into her mouth, gripping his heavy, swinging,
balls in each hand and squeezing them gently.

Bill felt the blood rushing to his cock almost immediately. He
brought the whip crashing down between Kim's legs, loving the muted
groan she made, and the way her lips and tongue spasmed around his
rapidly stiffening prick. In seconds he had her jerking and jumping
with each snap of the whip, and he was rock hard, making it
impossible for her to keep all of his rigid pole inside her soft,
warm, mouth.

Kim was enjoying herself. Every time the leather thongs cracked
against her skin, tremors ran through her. She was still in sexual
overdrive from being so thoroughly worked over by Jimmy. Torturing
Connie and her mom had kept her at a fever pitch. Now, Bill's
whipping was making her climb right back to the animal stage she was
in when Jimmy quit.

She also liked sucking Bill's cock. Her mom had taught her well and
she found that she enjoyed the power it gave her over a man. Feeling
him tremble and twitch in response to what she did was a satisfying
feeling. Unlike many women, Kim had discovered she liked the taste of
cum. It's silky, slick, texture was pleasant as it coated her tongue.

The spongy, pulsing, head of his cock felt comfortable lodged in her
throat. She had learned how to deep-throat from the beginning, and
had never had a problem doing it.

Kim was getting to him. Bill could feel the jizz begin to collect in
his heavy balls. His scrotum tightened and the tingling feeling that
signaled an approaching orgasm was starting. He continued whipping
the girl energetically, enjoying seeing the red stripes spring up
from every blow. He directed the whip into her crotch, watching her
pussy twitching and churning in response. Seeing it open up like a
flower, damp from the morning dew, fascinated Bill.

Kim was beginning to panic. She knew her time had almost expired,
but Bill seemed content to let her continue to pleasure him with her
mouth while he amused himself by flogging her. She fought to clear
her head from the sex-crazed fogginess, so that she could remember
everything her mother had taught her about sucking cock and making a
man cum. There in the far recesses of her mind, mixed with lurid
images of sexual excesses with herself as the central figure, she
found an almost forgotten fact. 

Keeping a tight grip on Bill's balls with one hand, and creating a
powerful suction around the head of his cock, Kim swirled her tongue
all around his purple heart shaped glans. She extended her middle
finger, pushing gently at his asshole. With a slow back and forth
motion her finger penetrated his virgin anus.

Bill jerked, slamming his hips forward, sinking his cock deep into
Kim's throat, when he felt her finger fucking his ass. Once her digit
was buried all the way, Kim started a soft, slow, massaging action,
searching for his prostate gland. The young girl knew she had found
it when he groaned and went weak in the knees. His cock expanded in
her mouth, forcing her jaws so far apart they began to ache, and he
started hunching against her, fucking her mouth.

With some experimentation, Kim found she could control the speed of
his fucking with her finger. It was all the information she needed.

She wiggled her finger furiously. At the same time she increased the
pressure she was using to massage his swollen balls, rolling them
around in the palm of her hand, patting them gently. Her tongue ran
up and down his stiff shaft, curling around, putting pressure on the
long thick vein that ran the length of his steel rod. 

Bill lost control. His balls jerked like puppets on a string and
tried to draw up into his body. His pelvic thrusts got frantic and
out of rhythm. It was if he had no command of his own muscles. He
didn't want to cum. He was enjoying this far too much, but he
couldn't help himself. Bill roared as the cream erupted from his
balls, coming in thick syrupy spurts that seemed to go on and on.

Kim swallowed, drinking his cum in huge gulps. It was difficult to
do because of the tremendous amount of liquid, and her upside-down
position. Feeling that she was about to drown, Kim pulled Bill's
jerking cock from her mouth, and directed the last few spurts onto
her tits and face. She loved the feeling. It was so hot and thick it
felt like candle wax was being dripped on her. A small tremor
overtook her as her first orgasm shook her body. Smiling to herself,
she thought, "I won and that's the first payment!"




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club
	CHAPTER 14

The three adults were through for the evening. Connie and Rosie were
too sore to continue, and Bill had no life left in his limp,
shriveled cock. Kim saw that she was going to have to wait until
morn ing, which was an unthinkable proposition considering the state
she was in. Her only other option was to be satisfied with Jimmy
giving her the promised reward, and, while she liked Jimmy and
enjoyed what he did to her, she had grander things in mind for her
prize.

"It's not fair!" Kim whined. "I worked hard to win and there's only
one person left to pay off."

They all finally agreed. Kim could collect her prize the next
morning. Bill, Connie, and Rosie went to bed to recharge their
bodies since they knew tomorrow was going to be a full day and they
wanted to be rested and ready. The two kids were left on their own.

Jimmy was tired and would have been satisfied just going to sleep.
He had already had a full day, having cum more times than he could
remember, but Kim was not about to let that happen. She was still so
hot it felt like her pussy was shooting flames. Bill had broken her
cherry and she had taken a load of cum in her mouth, but her ass was
still virgin. She intended to have Jimmy take care of that right now!

He was still sitting in the chair where he had collapsed, exhausted
after his fuck session with his mom. Kim knelt between her
boyfriend's legs, taking his flaccid cock in her hand and pumping on
it gently. She was delighted when it began to stiffen. It filled her
hand, getting that slightly bent shape that had become so familiar
to the girl. 

Kim loved Jimmy's cock. For that matter, she loved Bill's cock. It
crossed her mind that perhaps she just loved cock and any one would
do! The girl made a note to herself to test the theory when she had
a chance. For now she was content with the one that was still
growing in her hand.

Kim replaced her hand with her mouth, loving the sigh it brought
from Jimmy. She had really gotten into sucking cocks so it was lucky
for her that men seemed to enjoy it as well. She flattened her to
ngue and rolled it around the purple, heart-shaped glans,
occasionally forcing just the tip into his piss hole. That never
failed to make him squirm and thrust his hips forward, fucking her
mouth.

Kim pulled Jimmy's cock-head from her mouth with a loud pop, much
like she used to do with those round suckers with soft candy in the
middle. She held his rod flat against his stomach and ran her wet
lips from the tip to the base, burying her nose in the soft,
wrinkled sack that held his balls. A few minutes of this was about
all Jimmy could take. He was moaning loudly and squirming in the
chair . The girl grabbed his cock just under the rim of the glans and
pinched hard. The effect was immediate. Jimmy's urge to cum subsided
and he was in control of himself again.

"Make me hot, Jimmy. I want to feel like I did before. Do anything
you want. Tie me up, whip me, bite my nipples and my pussy.  Hurt me
if you want, but make me horny enough to scream, then fuck me h ard.
I want you to fuck me in the ass like you did to your mom."

It was too good a proposition for the boy to turn down. As tired as
he was, he knew there would be plenty of time for resting later. Sex
had to be taken when it was offered! Besides, Kim's cock sucki ng had
made him horny again and he couldn't go to sleep with a hard-on
anyway.

Kim was still covered with vivid red and purple lash marks. Looking
at her poor abused body made Jimmy decide to dispense with whipping
her any more. He could tell from the wild, lust-filled look in her
eyes that she was close to being ready now, and it wouldn't take
much to bring her back to the edge.

He put the girl on the floor in the doggy position, then tied her
wrists to her ankles, more to keep her from wiggling around too much
than anything else. This put her ass high in the air with her as
shole and pussy exposed and vulnerable. Kim had a firm and nicely
rounded ass, and it fascinated Jimmy  It was firm, almost hard to
the touch, and stood up proudly with no sag. Her crack was wide, cl
early showing her other attributes.

The boy eagerly took one soft pliant cheek in each hand, working and
kneading it like dough. Kim sucked in her breath sharply and emitted
a small whimper. She liked his hands on her ass but it was st ill
sore from all the punishment she had taken that day. When Jimmy
started licking her ass, shudders ran up and down her spine.

He ran his tongue over the particularly bad welts, feeling the torn,
abused flesh. It was a wonderfully cooling and soothing feeling to
the girl, who let him hear her pleasure, moaning softly and urg ing
him on.

"Yes!" She hissed. "Yes . . . Yes . . . Yeeesssss! Lick my ass. Put
your tongue in my asshole. Give me a rim job! God, Jimmy. It feels
so good!"

Urged on by her moans and gyrations, Jimmy attacked Kim's asshole
with enthusiasm. He licked all around the outside, wetting her crack
all the way down to her winking, dripping, pussy, and stabbed at her
sphincter with his pointed tongue.

Kim felt the pressure of Jimmy's tongue pushing at the small opening
to her ass and went crazy. She loved the feeling! When she felt it
give way and his rough tongue slipped into the canal, she almos t
came.

Jimmy felt the spasm go through her. Her tiny tight asshole gripped
his tongue, refusing to release it. He could tell she was ready.
Getting on his knees behind her, Jimmy prepared to give Kim her fi
rst ass fuck. He ran his cock into her hot wet pussy a few times,
both to get her attention and to lubricate his hard cock. Kim was
juicing so much it was running in rivulets down her thighs. Jimmy s
cooped up some of the slick liquid and spread it around the brown
eye of her now gaping asshole.

He pressed one finger into the tight opening and wiggled it around,
loosening Kim's asshole and helping her adjust to having an object
stuffed up her poop chute. When she cooed and whipped her ass ba ck
and forth, he added a second finger, working the two against each
other and the soft, silky lining of her anus.

"That's it!" Kim panted. "It feels so good to have your fingers in
my ass."

Jimmy knelt and lined his hot, slick rod up with the girl's asshole,
pushing against it gently. Kim felt the head of his cock bumping her
tiny hole and went wild. She threw herself back against him f orcing
the huge glans to penetrate her.

The neophyte was not prepared for the pain. She felt her delicate
muscles rip, and flames of searing pain licked at her ass. He was
splitting her open! She tried to get away as he slowly pushed more
of his huge cock in her ass. Jimmy grabbed her around the waist and
held tight, letting Kim know that it was too late to change her
mind.

"Oh God. Noooo!! It's too big. You're killing me!" she screamed at
the top of her voice.

Jimmy tensed then made one big push which drove his cock all the way
home. The pain was unimaginable. Kim screamed and twisted around on
his cock, positive that she was ruined for life. When the boy began
to withdraw, preparing for another plunge, the feeling changed. Now,
ripples of pleasure ran through the suffering girl.

The second time his cock forced it's way through her brown tunnel
was easier. Kim's asshole had expanded to adapt to the monster
invader. She tingled all over, especially in the tips of her tits.
Kim could feel every vein of his cock in her ass. It was wonderful,
and exactly what she had hoped an ass fucking would feel like. The
girl was intensely aware of every movement he made.

Jimmy knew he wouldn't last long like this. Kim was pounding her ass
against him furiously, moving forward so that just the tip of his
raging cock stayed inside her, then slamming back like a pile dr iver
to engulf him. She was so tight it felt like the skin was being
ripped off his cock and so hot and slick he might have been fucking
melted butter.

"Get ready Bitch. Here it comes" he yelled hoarsely as his cum
surged from his balls, splashing against the smooth slick walls of
the girl's ass.

"Aaaeeeee!" Kim joined, screaming in pure ecstasy. "Fuck me. Ram
that big cock into my assssssss!" she yelled as her orgasm overtook
her.

It was worth everything she had been through. Kim came harder and
longer than ever before. All of the pent up frustration and sexual
energy of the evening poured out of the screaming convulsing teena
ger. Spasm after spasm of exquisite pleasure wreaked havoc on her
body, leaving her limp and exhausted. The adults found them the next
morning, Kim still tied, just where they had both fallen asleep,
exhausted but satisfied.

The tension was evident at breakfast. Connie and Rosie were
refreshed, rested, and ready to go. Bill had a sly grin on his face
that told everyone that he had a plan and was biding his time to set
th ings in motion. Kim, of course, had not forgotten that she was
owed a prize and she intended to collect the first chance she got.
Jimmy could hardly keep his mind on the food because everyone had
dec ided to leave off their clothes the whole day.

His head swivelled from side to side as he ogled Rosie with her huge
knockers, then her daughter, Kim, who was a younger, tighter version
of her mom, and, of course, the prettiest one of all, his mom . Jimmy
thought she was more beautiful than ever sitting at their kitchen
table completely naked.

Once the dishes were cleared, everyone looked expectantly at Kim. It
was time to begin the day's festivities and she was first on the
agenda. Looking at the two older women, she said, "I was pretty r
ough with you last night. I apologize, but I would do it again in a
second if it meant cumming like I did with Jimmy after you all went
to bed. I have never been that excited, and I got even hotter w hen I
was torturing you two. When he ripped into my asshole with that
massive prick of his, I came like a volcano. I must have passed out
because I don't really remember ever reaching the peak. It ju st
seemed to go on and on, getting better as it went. If possible, it
was even better than when Bill fucked my pussy for the first time.
For my reward, I want you both to torture me. There will be no
restrictions. I want all my sense's razor sharp, so you will have to
hurt me badly." Turning to Bill and Jimmy she continued. "When they
have me primed and ready, I want you both to fuck me at the s ame
time. This time I want Jimmy to fuck my pussy and Bill to take my
ass. It's the only thing I can imagine that might come close to
surpassing what I felt yesterday."

Connie and Rosie exchanged glances. This promised to be exciting.
Both of them preferred the submissive role, but being on the
dominant side for a while would be a refreshing change. Neither of
the o lder women had ever participated in a DP, which they recently
learned meant double penetration. Rosie had seen it happen to
someone else and she had mentally added it to a list of things she
would li ke to try, like being fisted. It was ironic that her
daughter was going to experience it before her.

Bill and Jimmy were not the least disappointed. Although they would
not participate in the preliminaries, it had the promise of being
very exciting to watch. Certainly, the main event was going to be
spectacular.

The women decided to start things off by giving Kim a Japanese style
bath with them playing the role of Geishas. Bill and Jimmy were
invited to watch but Bill opted to go to the dungeon to work on so me
things he had in mind for the other activities of the day. Jimmy
went with his dad. He liked the closeness they had developed and he
knew he could learn a few things.

It was a long time before the girls joined them downstairs. They had
used their time well because Kim was radiant. Her skin had that
fresh pink color of youth with almost no telltale marks of her pre
vious debauchery. The plumpness of her tits, the way her pudenda
protruded, and the shine in her haunting gray eyes, all showed that
the young nymph was already far along on the path to sexual arousa l.
The signs were evident in both Connie and Rosie as well, although
not as prominent.

Kim had her hands fastened behind her, tied with a scarf, and was
wearing only very tall stiletto type shoes. The shoes emphasized the
curves in her long legs while her arms fixed behind her back mad e
her firm tits jut out even more. They sat high on her chest with no
visible sign of sag. Her nipples had already elongated and her
areolae had taken on that dark flushed color that accompanies sexu al
excitement.

Apparently Rosie and Connie had discussed their plan of action
because they went right to work. They used two spreader bars, one
for the girl's hands and the other for her feet. Once Kim was
secured and spread as wide as possible, she was suspended by the arm
spreader. She was raised just enough so that her toes barely brushed
against the cold concrete floor. The shoes, too large because they
be longed to Rosie, fell off her feet, leaving her totally naked.

Rosie was first, so Connie moved to the couch, sitting between her
husband and son, casually placing her hands in their laps and almost
absent-mindedly playing with their cocks and balls while they w
atched the show. It was pleasant for the two guys who settled back,
enjoying themselves thoroughly.

Rosie began with the "Motion Lotion" they had used yesterday. She
filled her hands with the viscous liquid then rubbed it into Kim's
puffy tits, being sure to massage it in thoroughly. She rolled her
daughter's nipples between her fingers, using gradually increasing
pressure, until the girl finally moaned, unable to contain herself.
Kim's tits glistened with the oil and reddened perceptibly from the
heat, causing the girl to squirm and twist as she hung from the
ceiling.

Kim's buttocks and asshole were Rosie's next target. The woman took
her time, making sure that her daughter's creamy ass cheeks were
thoroughly coated before dipping her finger in the cream and slowl y
inserting it in the small puckered opening to Kim's ass.

Kim reacted to this invasion of her ass by moaning even louder and
surging against the chains that held her. She was still sore from
the ass fucking that Jimmy had given her and her mother's insisten t
finger stretched the delicate muscles sending sharp twinges through
her pelvic region. The heat from the lotion was awesome. It was
potent enough when applied to the skin, especially delicate skin
like that area underneath the breasts, but when used on moist inner
tissue it doubled or tripled its effect.

Anticipating her mother, Kim prepared herself for the onslaught of
her pussy. Even so, she was aghast at how powerful the stuff was
once her pussy was covered with the oil both inside and out.

Knowing the effect of the lotion built with time, Rosie went to the 
couch, sitting beside Jimmy and taking over the hand action that Connie was
giving him. This allowed Connie to concentrate on her h
usband, who was already sporting a huge erection. Bill kept his eyes 
glued on Kim, who was groaning audibly and twisting around, trying to find a
way to ease the effect of the "Motion Lotion." Obviou
sly she was not having much success because her gyrations got 
gradually more frantic and her voice rose in pitch and intensity.

Jimmy shifted back and forth on the couch as Rosie masturbated him
expertly. Her hands still had some lotion on them and Jimmy could
feel the extra heat in his already overheated cock. The effect was
especially stunning on his glans, which was beginning to leak
pre-seminal fluid. If she continued for too long he would spray all
of them with his first load of cum for the day, and he wasn't quite
ready for that yet.

Jimmy didn't have to worry. Rosie knew what she was doing and quit
before he reached the decisive moment. Besides, her real job for the
moment was taking care of Kim, who had just about reached the p oint
of maximum effect from the lotion. It was time for Rosie to continue
with the younger female member of their club.

The next phase of Kim's treatment was simple but effective. Rosie
used a blow dryer on the helpless girl. Adjusting the device to its
highest blower setting, but leaving the heat off, Rosie directed the
air to Kim's glowing tits.

The effect was overpowering and brought a low guttural groan from
the girl. Her mom might as well have been using a blowtorch! The
steady stream of air moving across the "Motion Lotion" increased its
strength tenfold. It felt as if Kim's tits were being eaten away by
acid. She was unable to contain the howls of agony that ripped from
her throat. Kim thrashed about, trying desperately and ineffec tively
to avoid the blast furnace that was consuming her blazing melons and
throbbing cherry red nipples.

Kim sighed audibly when her mother turned off the horrid machine.
Her tits still throbbed and her nipples felt like glowing embers in
a campfire, but she was, at least, able to control herself.

When she heard the high-pitched whining sound of the machine behind
her, she realized, with a sinking feeling, that her respite was
temporary and Rosie was merely selecting a new target. The fiery bl
ast hit her half moons, causing the twin globes to slam shut,
instinctively protecting the sensitive puckered entrance to her ass.

Kim wailed in despair. She knew her asshole would be next, followed
by her pussy. She marveled briefly, that something as innocuous as a
stream of air could be so devastatingly painful. Her worst fea rs
were realized when Rosie pried her clenched ass cheeks apart and
directed the rushing air right against her winking brown eye. The
pain was incredible! Some air flowed over her drooling labia, cre
ating an inferno in the core of her being.

By the time Rosie finished with Kim's pussy, the young girl was
babbling pitifully. Every one of her erogenous zones was a cauldron
of conflagration. Rosie had done her job though, because as much as
Kim burned on the outside, inside, her fires were raging even more.
Her newly fucked asshole gaped open lewdly, inviting another
invasion, while her pussy went into convulsions, contracting and
rela xing as if sucking on an imaginary cock.

Rosie knelt on the floor in front of the couch and started sucking
Jimmy's cock. When Connie rose to take her turn at Kim, Rosie
reached for Bill's cock, masturbating him slowly while continuing
her oral attention to Jimmy.

Connie knew that Kim was not going to calm down for quite a while.
She recognized the signs of extreme sexual arousal in the girl. She
was going to have a tough time pushing Kim higher without sendin g
her over the edge. Thinking back over her own experiences, she
realized there was only one way to accomplish her goal. She had to
deliver enough pain to the girl to take her mind off the sexual par t
and focus on the pain, at least for a little while. The brain
automatically concentrates on the most powerful stimulus. If the
pain overpowers the pleasure, the body will move to the next level
of arousal without the victim being aware of it. Once the pain
dissipates or is assimilated only the heightened arousal remains.

Bill had just bought the perfect thing. It was a small black box
with a hand crank on one side and several wires running from
terminals. Turning the crank produced electricity. The voltage
depended u pon the speed the crank moved and the step-up setting on
the box, but the amps were so low they were almost unmeasurable, so
the device was safe. The wires ended with alligator clips and were
designe d to be attached to various parts of the body.

On its lowest setting with the crank turned very slowly the current
surged through the body from wire to wire producing a pleasant
vibration, similar to a deep massage. As the crank moved faster or t
he step-up setting was raised a decidedly unpleasant burning
sensation occurred. The rapid shift from pleasure to pain with the
absence of any real damage made the box an ideal torture device. 




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club
	CHAPTER 15

Kim was still immersed in her reverie. The intense heat from the
blow dryer had dwindled to a level she could handle and even enjoy.
The girl was acutely aware of her sexual parts as they pulsated,
demanding her undivided attention. Kim was jerked back to reality
when Connie fastened one alligator clip to the base of her tit and
the other to the nipple. While the bite of the clips was not too p
ainful, it was insistent.

Connie set the box to its lowest setting then turned the crank
slowly. Kim's eyes widened and her mouth opened, emitting a soft
moan, as her tit took on a life of its own. The nipple swelled
noticeab ly, and the entire breast jerked and flopped on her chest.
It reminded the girl of a fish trying to get back to the water after
being caught. As Connie turned the crank faster, the sensation
sharpene d. Kim closed her eyes and reveled in the feeling. It felt
as if her tit was in the hands of an expert masseuse and was being
manipulated all the way to the core deep inside her.

Bill and Jimmy forgot what Rosie was doing to them for a moment and
watched the scene unfold before them. Rosie, aware that she had lost
the guy's attention, also stopped to watch. Even from across t he
room it was obvious that Kim's tit was larger than its mate. It had
expanded to at least half again its normal size and was dancing on
her chest to some wild but unheard beat.

Watching Kim was fascinating. Her gorgeous eyes opened widely in
disbelief as she watched her own tit rolling around on her chest,
then slammed shut as if trying to absorb the incredible sensations s
he was feeling. Her jaw hung slack and her tongue protruded,
occasionally licking her lips. An eerie sound came from deep in her
chest. It was not a moan but more of an uncontrolled release of
tensio n.

As Connie turned the crank faster, the sound rose in pitch and
became more intelligible. Kim became more frantic and surged against
the chains that held her.

"Ohhhhhhhhhh Mmmyyyyy Goooooddddddd! It burns! My tit's on fire.
Stop. Please stop. It's going to explode."

As they all watched it did seem that Kim's tit was expanding even
more. It was like Connie's cranking was blowing up a balloon. The
teenager's skin was stretched and seemed to have thinned so that it
was almost translucent, while her nipple extended out at least two
inches and was over an inch in diameter. The wild jerking and
gyrations had been replaced by a quivering that was almost
impercepti ble.

The pain was exquisite. Kim had never been in such agony in her
life. Her tit was a mass of raw exposed nerve endings. The saw-teeth
of the clips held firm, biting deeper as the tit-flesh around them
expanded, imbedding them even deeper into the soft tissue.

Kim screamed for mercy as Connie moved the clips to the other
breast. In just a few minutes, Kim was thrashing, once again in the
throes of agony, as Connie repeated the process, making the young
gir l's abused mammaries a matched set.

It was only when the older woman stopped turning the crank that Kim
appreciated the effect of the diabolical device. Unlike the stripes
of a whip, there was no residual pain. When the current stopped
flowing through her, the pain stopped immediately, and she was left
with a warm, glowing sensation that seemed to spread through her
entire body, centering in the pit of her stomach and creating a f ire
in her loins.

Kim felt the trickle of thick fluid that ran down her thighs
betraying her excitement. Connie's touch, as she removed the clips,
sent another shock wave through the young girl's system. Her nerve
end ings seemed to have risen to the surface where just the mere
touching of her swollen orbs sent her into rapture with explosions
of pure energy generating a pleasure she had never known.

Connie carefully pried Kim's pussy lips apart and dipped her finger
into the girl's damp well, collecting some of the lubrication and
spreading it over the tiny bud of Kim's clitoris. It swelled imme
diately and peeked through the protective hood that had kept it
hidden from sight. This brought a squeal of delight from the nymph
who pushed her pelvis as far forward as possible, trying for more of
the pleasurable sensation. Instead, Connie plunged her finger deep
into Kim's pussy again, wiggling it back and forth, and causing a
ripple of muscle contractions to overtake the girl.

Connie removed her finger from Kim's hot, wet, pussy, bringing a
groan of disappointment and displeasure from the girl which was soon
replaced by an even louder howl. This time it was one of great pl
easure, as the older woman rammed her finger, still slick with Kim's
love juice, all the way up the girl's convulsing anus.

"No wonder men like ass fucking so much," Connie thought to herself,
as Kim's warm silky sheath gripped her finger tightly. She could
feel the contractions of Kim's ass running up and down her finger and
imagined how it must feel to a man's stiff rod. Deciding that Kim
was ready to move on, Connie inserted a wire deep into the girl's
ass. She snapped the second wire onto the girl's clit with an
alligator clip, bringing a whimper from Kim. Third and fourth wires
were clipped onto the girl's nipples completing a circuit of the
most sensitive erogenous zones. When the crank was turned this tim e,
electric current would surge from point to point making Kim's
nipples, clit, and ass into resistors. The intensity of the shock
and the heat build up would be greatest at these points.

To further increase Kim's distress, Connie increased the step-up
setting to the next level. When Connie turned the crank, Kim felt as
if she had been hit hard in the pit of the stomach. The breath ru
shed out of her as her muscles locked in a hard contraction. Her
eyes rolled to the back of her head showing only white and her
tongue protruded grotesquely. An eerie, forlorn sound filled the
room e xposing the intensity of the poor girl's agony and despair.
Everyone's attention was drawn to Kim's clit which had grown to
mammoth proportions and had tuned an angry red color. Clearly, Kim
was suffering. As clear was the fact that the girl was experiencing
sexual chaos as was evidenced by the copious flow of vaginal
secretion that matted her sparse pubic hair and coated he r soft
quivering thighs. The animal scent of sex filled the air.

Bill grabbed Rosie by the hair, forcing his bulging cock down her
throat as he stared with fascination at the scene unfolding before
him. Rosie gagged and choked while she fought to swallow the plung
ing prick that was fucking her mouth so forcefully. Jimmy pumped his
hips up and down, reminding the woman that he too, had needs. Rosie
used her free hand to pinch her nipples and twist her cunt mea t
savagely.

Connie gave the crank several hard, fast turns, sending Kim into a
world of sexual excess and depravity. She alternated between
feelings of euphoria and despair. At one point she felt her whole
body exploding with an orgasm of bone crushing intensity while the
next moment brought equally intense feelings of unworldly agony, a
pain so great that only death could make it bearable. Gratefully,
she slipped into unconsciousness, her body no longer able to handle
the overpowering sensations assailing it.

Seeing Kim's limp form, Connie dropped the box. Almost crazed with
lust from torturing the teenaged girl, she tore Rosie's hand away
from Jimmy's raging cock and plunged her mouth down on it, taking it
all the way to the hilt in one movement. Jimmy groaned and bucked
his hips wildly, smashing his pelvic region against his mother's
face, crushing her nose against his pelvic bone.

The guys would have gladly dumped their spunk into Rosie's and
Connie's eager mouths, but the two women still had enough control to
realize that Kim still had the second part of her reward coming. Sh e
wanted to be double-fucked by the guys. If Bill and Jimmy shot their
wads now, it would be some time before they could get it up to give
Kim her fuck. The ladies realized that would make it even lo nger
before they would get their own turn at relief.

Bill and Jimmy groaned in frustration when the women stopped sucking
their cocks. Kim, coming around again, spurred them to action. Kim's
eyes were still glazed when they released her. Spasms raced t hrough
her leg muscles causing them to cramp, unable to support her weight.
The guys half carried and half dragged her rag-doll like body to the
mat in the center of the room. Jimmy laid down on the mat pulling
the girl over him and positioning his cock at the entrance to her
steaming cunt. Sparks of orgasmic lust flashed through Kim's body as
his purple cock-head bumped against her super sensit ive and bloated
clit.

"Oh yessss!" she hissed. "I need your cock! Fill my pussy with it.
Fuck me haaarrdddd!" she raved.

Jimmy sunk his shaft all the way into her warm gooey tunnel, moaning
with pleasure as her slick sheath gripped him with a feathery touch.
Kim forced herself to her hands and knees, driven by a powerf ul lust
that would not be denied, and began thrusting her hips at him,
taking his steel rod all the way inside her until she bumped against
his pelvic bone, sending jarring spasms through her crushed clit.

Her hips became a blur and Jimmy could only hold on, unable to
respond to her frantic pace as the animal in her took over,
suppressing all thought except the urgent need to cum. Kim's orgasms
had sta rted with the first penetration and were now erupting with
volcanic intensity, gradually building in magnitude with each rapid
explosion. Her eyes flashed and she threw her head back emitting a
howl like a jungle beast. Her jaw hung slack as she sucked in air
noisily and saliva drooled down the corners of her mouth.

She was totally immersed in sexual depravity and aware of nothing
but the exquisite feeling of release and fulfillment she was
experiencing. Kim was dimly conscious of a fumbling at her asshole
just before an excruciating pain lanced through her as Bill split
her ass cheeks with his raging cock. Kim felt her asshole stretch
then rip, as his huge phallus plumbed the depths of her ass. The
girl fr oze as the pain flooded over her then flowered into an orgasm
more powerful than any she had ever experienced. She was stuffed
with cock, impaled on man-meat, and unable to move.

The feeling was also incredible to the two guys, who could feel each
other's cock through the thin wall that separated Kim's ass from her
vagina. Kim, being so recently a virgin in both her holes, wa s
extremely tight. Having two cocks stuffed in her made her grip on
their cocks almost painful. When they started to move it felt like
the skin was being ripped off their cocks. Amazingly, Kim began to
loosen to accommodate them and they fell into a rhythm where one
rammed all the way home while the other pulled out leaving only his
cock-head inside.

Kim was delirious. Her overstuffed cunt made a squishy sound as
Jimmy's cock slipped in and out. Bill's hips slammed against her ass
cheeks, flattening them when he drove all the way into her. His co
ck-head scraped the sides of her tight brown tunnel. The lust-crazed
girl didn't know which felt better, Jimmy pounding her pussy and
mashing her clit, or his father reaming her ass like a pile drive r.
She did know that together they created a turmoil in her that
couldn't go on for long.

The two guys felt the same way. Rosie and Connie had done a good job
sucking their cocks before they began fucking Kim. Watching Connie
torture the young girl as a preliminary had heated them up even more.
Rubbing and bumping each other's cock through the thin membrane and
Kim's tightness had both Bill and Jimmy ready to shoot their load of
cream.

Grunts and groans echoed off the walls, and the smell of sex was
overpowering as the trio continued their frenzied fuck-fest. Kim was
unable to help. She was pinned between the two powerful men as th ey
slammed into her two holes, and had to be content with serving as a
receptacle for their lust. It was okay with the girl because she
would have been of little use anyway. Her orgasms had reached t he
point where they came so rapidly that she could not tell when one
ended and another began. They were so powerful that her muscles
stayed either locked too tight to move or were so weak that they c
ouldn't move.

Kim could only feel and what she felt was truly extraordinary. Any
amount of suffering was worth what she was experiencing now. In the
back of her mind Kim knew that to feel better than this she woul d
have to endure even more severe punishment. The thought frightened
her. How much could the human body withstand before breaking down?

The thought was lost as she heard Bill and Jimmy roar, then felt hot
splashes of their cum bathing her cunt and ass. Her own orgasm
reached a zenith. Her last thought before passing out from sheer ec
stasy, was that she had to feel this way again, no matter what it
took.

Connie and Rosie had not been mere spectators. They moved close to
each other as the show got hotter. By the time Bill began banging
Kim's ass the two women were locked in a Sapphic embrace, mouths t o
cunts, with fingers inserted deeply into assholes. It may not have
been quite as satisfying as getting fucked in the pussy and ass like
Kim, but it would do for the time being. With a remarkable se nse of
timing, all five members of the Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club
came simultaneously.

When the fog cleared it was clear that the group would need some
time to rest and recover before the activities could continue. They
decided to use the time to talk about their new found lifestyle, a nd
how it could be even more gratifying.

For the next two hours the group discussed what they had been doing
and how much they all enjoyed it. Finally, they reached a
conclusion. The only way to make things better was to expand the
membersh ip of the club.

Kim knew she could recruit several of her young teenage girlfriends.
Sex was the main topic of discussion when they got together for
sleep-overs and gab sessions.

Jimmy said there would be no problem getting some of his closer
friends to join in. Many had already had some experience with sex
and all of them had expressed an interest in his mom. Throwing Rosie
and Kim into the mix would be irresistible to almost any teenaged
boy.

Bill could think of a few guys at work who would jump at the chance
to fuck Connie, and they would do anything if he dangled Kim in
front of their eyes as bait. He also knew a couple of young single
secretaries who might be willing to become sex slaves once they were
shown all of the advantages. 

Rosie and Connie had the hardest time thinking of possibilities.
Somehow the other couples on the block just didn't seem the type to
engage in the depraved activities the club specialized in. However ,
after realizing they probably didn't appear to be the type either,
they vowed to try. Maybe, if approached the right way, some of the
other neighbors would join them.

The Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club was still in its infancy but
it was showing signs of growing up. Meanwhile, the two charter
member families would spend their time honing the techniques of
tortu ring a woman for maximum sexual arousal, and devising more
bizarre and depraved sexual situations. They all knew there was no
danger of becoming bored with each other, at least for the present. 

The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  CyberSleuth


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





