BDSM Library - The Sunday Drive




The Sunday Drive
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A bored city girl's car breaks down and she is taken by a motorcycle gang for their amusement. Original story provided by author.
The Sunday Drive

TXpanM
TXpanm@aol.com




THE SUNDAY DRIVE
(Part 1)
By TXpanM
(9/20/97)

Well, you've read the Sunday paper and there's nothing on TV.  You're  so 
bored, you're ready to beat your head against the wall.  You remember  something
about the leaves turning colors this month.  That beats  screaming,  you figure. 
Although you only have an old housedress and panties on,  you  don't plan on
getting out of the car.  Slipping your feet into some old  mules  and grabbing
your purse and keys, you head out the door.  The afternoon  sun  feels good on
your face as you put your car in gear and head out of  town.

This doesn't seem so bad, you think, as you leave town and start into  the 
hills.  The colors of red and orange and yellow are pretty.  Seeing a  side 
road, you take it on a lark.  The road gets more narrow and steeper,  but the 
trees are more numerous, almost making a canopy over the road.  You  think  this
is much better than just sitting around when the car engine  suddenly  dies! 
Turning the key, the starter cranks, but the engine won't  engage.  You  quickly
discover hitting the steering wheel with your hand doesn't help  much.   Now you
wish you were bored back at your place!

Resigning yourself to a long walk back, you grab your purse and get out  of  the
car.  City girl that you are, you lock the car.  It's not as warm  now  with the
trees blocking the sun, but not uncomfortable.  You haven't  made it  to the
main road when you hear what sounds like car noises.  At least  you  won't have
that long walk back.  You pick up your pace a little as you  hear  the noises
coming closer.  Suddenly, you stop.  You recognize the  mechanical  noises now. 
The sound of a motorcycle -- many motorcycles -- just  around the  bend in the
road.  The noisy machines sweep around the corner and you  see  three, five,
more motorcycles -- a motorcycle gang!  Dirty leather  jackets,  long hair and
no helmets.  You turn to run back up the path toward your  car  as the two lead
bikes catch up with you and circle you, cutting off  your  escape. 

Laughing, the "leader of the pack" gets off his 'cycle and, without  warning, 
reaches out and grabs you by your shoulder-length light brown hair.   Dragging 
you by your wavy hair, he pulls you backwards onto his motorcycle seat.   You 
raise your hands straight out in front of you to ward him off and  someone 
behind you grabs your wrists and pulls them over your head, forcing you  to 
recline on the motorcycle seat.  The leader parts your still-covered  legs as 
far as your housedress will permit.  He reaches into his front pocket  and 
pulls out a switch blade knife.  He sticks the closed knife in your  face and 
pushes the button.  He has positioned the knife so when it springs  open, the 
back of the blade (dull side) hits you across the lips.  You are  horrified  and
scream out your fear.  "Shut your fuckin' mouth, you bitch" he says  as he  puts
the knife to your throat.  "You keep quiet or I'll cut your  fuckin'  throat." 
You close your mouth and wimper.  Satisfied, he laughs and,  flipping the knife
around, he puts it inside your neckline and pulls it  away  cutting the top of
your housedress.  Holding the knife in the palm of  his  right hand, he grabs
the edges of the neckline in both hands and rips  the top  open.  You gasp at
the violent act as he sees your large, dark pink  nipples  and says "nice tits,
girly."   He puts both of his hand on both of your  breasts, one nipple in each
palm.  Smiling at you, he quickly makes two  fists!  You scream in suprise and
pain.  He puts the knife blade  against your  left nipple and moves it up and
down; not cutting, but scraping,  letting you  know it is there.  "If you scream
again, I swear I'll cut this off!" he  says  and you have no doubt he means it.

He begins to rip away the rest of your dress and, where it won't rip,  he cuts 
it.  You are now naked, except for your panties (and shoes), with the  reminants
of your dress under you.  He grabs your nylon panties and  pulls.   Pulls so
hard, it lifts your hips from the motorcycle seat.  Being  nylon, the  panties
stretch, but do not tear.  He slips the knife into the left leg  hole  and out
the waistband and cuts.  He grabs the remaining piece of your  panties  and
pulls again.  It doesn't rip, it is just pulled from under you and  halfway down
your right thigh. 

As he reaches for your pubic area, he yells to his "old lady":   "Barbara, get 
that chain grease from my bike.  A white bread girl like this will need  some 
lubrication."  Two of his fingers roughly touch your vagina and he  stops when 
he feels how wet you are.  "Whoa up there, Barb, come see this" he says  "The 
little slut is wet."  "You like this, you want this, don't you?" he  says as  he
unzips and pulls his stiff penis from his jeans.  As he rams himself  into  you,
he says "she likes this, boys, come and get it."  At this, you  hear more 
zippers from just outside your sight.  As you see motion on the edge of  your 
vision, you feel rough hands on both of your breasts and an erect penis  on 
your left cheek.  This does not count the hands holding and pulling  your 
wrists.  The hands cruelly pinch and twist your nipples while the penis  is 
slapped against the left side of your nose!  The voice attached to the  penis 
says "If you bite my dick I'll pull out every one of your teeth with my  pliers"
as he slaps his penis across your slightly parted lips.  "Suck  it,  bitch, lick
it" he says as he slaps it against your face again and  again.  He  cruelly
twists and pulls one of your large nipples and your gasp of  pain  actually
pulls his penis into your mouth.  "Be nice, girly, or you'll  really  pay."

The leader has been pumping you regularly and now is ready to  ejaculate.  
"Here's some beauty cream for you" he say as he pull out of your vagina  and 
"gets off" on your bare stomach.  When he finishes, he takes his hand  and  rubs
it around your belly and rib cage.  "Like that, bitch?" he asks as  he  grabs
and pulls your vaginal lips.  It's hard to tell what torment  you're  reacting
to as you grimace and wimper.  "Finish up, boys, I wannna make  that  cabin by
dark."  As if on command, the one on your left lets go in your  mouth, making
you gag.  The leader grabs you on your naked right side  and  pulls you off his
bike and onto the dirt as he says "Get that trash off  my  bike.  But bring her
with us." 

Barbara, the leader's "old lady" steps on your stomach with her  motocycle  boot
and removes the mules from your feet.  As she throws them into the  woods, she
says "You won't be needing these."  Continuing to hold you  down  with her foot,
she takes clothesline from one of the bikes and ties  your  hands together at
the wrists.  She says "get up, you're coming with us"  and  pulls on the rope as
she climbs on the leader's motorcycle.  Stark  naked  except for the reminants
of your ruined panties around your right  ankle, you  gain your feet as the
motorcycle starts up a different country road.   They  are going slow so you can
keep up in your bare feet, you think to  youself as  you hear another motorcycle
come up behind you and a leather gloved  hand  slaps the small of your back. 
You shout and stumble, but keep your  feet and  continue running behind the
motorcycle holding the rope.  From your  other  side, a booted foot kicks the
outside of your full, soft hip and down  you go.   You figure they'll stop now
that you're on the ground.  You figure  wrong.   The motorcycle slows, but does
not stop as it drags you at full length  on  your front.  You try to get to your
feet, but you cannot get the  leverage.   The lead motorcycle pulling you slows
more and Barbara jumps off.  As  she  does, you stop sliding along the ground. 
She comes closer and uses the  end  of the clothesline to whip your back.  "Get
up, cunt" she said as she  uses  the rope end on your back again and again.  The
stinging pushes you to  get up  and, when you do, Barbara jumps back on the
'cycle and it takes off  again.   As you jog with your arms pulled in front of
you, other motorcycles run  up  and fall back, tying to hit and kick you.  Some
do slap your back and  rounded  sides, but no one kicks you again.  You're
begining to pant and sweat  as you  continue to be pulled along.  Your citified,
normally-shoed feet react  to the  dirt road as you stumble and fall again, this
time rolling over onto  your  back.  The motorcycle pulls you along the dirt
road stretched out on  your  back then slows as you see more motorcycles try to
hit you.  The "old  ladies"  on the backs of the 'cycles try to kick you. 
Barbara gets off the  motorcycle  again and, standing over you, whips you with
the rope end across your  soft  belly.  You quickly turn over, trying to get to
your feet again.   Barbara  whips you again, across the back.  As you rise to
your knees, she kicks  you  in the butt, causing you to fall, face forward, flat
out on your chest.   Again, she lashes your back with the rope end saying "Get
up, you  slut."  You  roll over to plead with her with your round blue eyes and
receive  another  lash, this time across your breasts.  Tears begin to run down
your  cheeks,  making riverlets in the dust on your face when Barbara says
"That's  what I  wanted to see."  With that, she jerks the rope as you get to
your feet.   She  jumps back on the motorcycle and you begin to jog again as the
'cycle  moves  on.

The motorcycle pulling you does not go as fast now which is good as  you're 
begining to tire.  Looking ahead past the motorcycle, you see a  clearing in 
the woods and a small, run-down cabin there.  The leader pulls his  motorcycle 
up next to the cabin door and you stop behind it, sweating and panting  for 
breath.  As the other motorcycles line up, their riders, male and  female, 
smack you and kick at you, saying very unkind things.  The leader says  over 
his shoulder to Barbara "Bring that in here."  To emphasize the order,  Barbara
jerks on the rope which binds your wrists together and pulls  you into  the dark
cabin.

Light begins to enter the cabin as shutters are opened on the glassless 
windows.  You look around and see two sets of bunk beds with only  boards in 
them; no springs or matresses.  A closed double-door cabinet is  attached to 
one wall.  There is a kitchen-like table in the middle of the small  room, but 
only one wooden chair.  A fine layer of dust covers the floor which now  shows 
the prints of their boots and your bare feet.  The leader grabs your  tied 
wrists and, with a florish, opens his switchblade knife and cuts the 
clothesline.  Your arms drop to your sides as he looks at the abused  body in 
front of him.  Dirty and sweaty, with red whip marks across your soft  belly 
near your navel and across your breasts, he sees the many full-length  scratch 
marks on your sensitive skin as a result of your being dragged along  the dirt 
road.  He slowly walks around you and observes similar sights on your  back, 
except for many more whip marks on your back and a boot mark on your  left 
buttock.  Back in front of you, he looks into your tired blue eyes and  moves 
toward you.  In reaction, you step backward until your butt hits  against that 
kitchen table.  When you stop, he places his open hand on your chest  above 
your breasts and pushes you backwards.  Off balance, you fall back on  the 
table and find your hands are immediately grabbed.  You wince as your  wounded 
back is pulled slightly on the table.  You can feel four people working  on 
tying you to the table legs:  each of your ankles to a leg with your  feet  flat
on the floor and each wrist pulled over your head and out to the  other  two
table legs.  Were there a mirror on the ceiling, you would see  yourself  bound
hand and foot, bent over backwards with the top of your buttocks  on the  edge
of the table.  That and your arms pulled over your head cause your  back  to
arch, thrusting your breasts upward.  As you consider your  situation, your 
dark pink nipples harden even before they begin to work on you.

Secured to the table, they all gather around you, waiting for  permission from 
their leader to touch you.  They stare at you for what seems like a  long time 
before the leader notices your large, erect nipples and touches you  between 
the legs.  Feeling your wetness,  he says "What a slut you are.  Well,  we're 
going to try everything we can think of to find something you don't  like!   And
while we're searching, you better not cum or you'll be severely  punished."  To
emphasize his words, he slaps you hard on your pubic  mound.   Your mind reels: 
you can't control the lust in your body and if what  has  happened to you so far
is not severe, what could he possibly mean? 

The leader has "shot his wad" earlier; therefore he tells his gang  "She's all 
yours" and he turns his back on you.  The men all move forward with the  number
two guy taking his place standing at the end of the table  between your  legs. 
As he crams his swollen member into your wet vagina, you feel  hands on  your
breasts and two penises pushing at each side of your face.  Plus  another  on
slapping and rubbing on your belly.  Then, you feel a stiff penis  insert 
itself into your right palm.  The rope around that wrist limits the  motion in 
that hand, but it doesn't seem to mater.  They all shout at you at  once:  
"Suck this, bitch.  Work it, slut.  Lick me now!  Like your nipples  pinched?"  
This along with various grunts and moans.  You try not to respond to  the  penis
in your vagina, but your hips begin to thrust in time with his.   Seeing  this,
he slaps your soft hips and says "God, what a whore you are!"   You try  to lick
and suck both penises at once to avoid further abuse, but it  only  enrages
them.  "You're not supose to enjoy this, bitch" one says as  they both  begin to
hit your face with their penises.  One by one, they "get their  jollies" and
ejaculate on or in you.  When all the men have gotten off,  you  feel yourself
being untied.  The leader tells the women:  "Get her out  of my  sight while we
figure out what to do next."  Barbara grabs you by your  brown  hair and pulls
you up on your feet and drags you to the door.  You feel  more  hands on you as
you are pushed and prodded outside into the early  evening.

Outside, under a tree, you are thrown to the ground on your back.   Barbara 
climbs onto you and pins your outstreched arms to the ground with her  bare 
shins as she kneels over your chest and face.  You now have closeup  evidence 
that she has taken off her jeans as her hairy crotch is just inches  from your 
chin.  "Listen, cunt.  Since you showed up, we haven't gotten any  attention.  
And it looks like we won't until they break you.  So, you're going to  pay 
attention to us and if that makes it easier for them, so much the  better."  
With that, she grabs your stringy, sweat-soaked hair and pulls your  face to 
her crotch.  "Lick and suck me now!"  she demands.  You try to obey,  but gasp 
as you feel someone pulling your pubic hair.  You begin to kick your  legs to 
stop the torment.  As your reward, you are whipped across your pelvic  area, 
maybe by a studded belt, maybe a motorcycle chain.  Your cry makes  Barbara 
look over her shoulder.  She bounces on your chest and says "I don't  care  what
they're doing down there -- you do what I say."  Your shout also  attracted the
attention of the leader who comes out and over to where  the  "old ladies" have
you on the ground.  He says "I don't want you girls  to do  anything that will
let her get off.  I've promised to punish her if she  cums.   Who ever lets her
cum will get the same treatment she gets."  He then  turns  and leaves you to
their devices.  She bounces on your chest again to  ensure  she has your
attention and say "You heard him.  You better not get off  on  this.  If you do,
I'll hurt you worse that they will.  Now suck me  hard."   You suck as best as
you can while gasping from what is being done to  the rest  of you.  You feel
some kind of spring clip being applied to each of  your hard  dark pink nipples. 
And two more to the lips of your vagina.  Movement  at  both locations indicates
that some string or chain is being attaches to  each  clip.  The connection is
apparently being tightened as you feel pain at  all  four attachment places. 
You find if you raise your hips, it puts slack  on  the connection.  But the
strain is already causing your hips to quiver.   Barbara fells the vibrations
from your hips and, thinking you are  having an  orgasm, she bangs your head on
the ground and says "Stop it!"  She  jumps up  and feels between your legs.  Her
hand encounters a great deal of  wetness.   Thinking the ejaculate from the guy
in the cabin is the result of your  orgasm, she throws herself on you, knocking
the breath out of you.  She  has  done this to whisper in your ear "I told you
not to do that -- if you  tell  them you got off, I'll torture you to death. 
This will give you a  sample of  what I mean."  Her weight has stretched you out
causing the connection  to  pull on the clips.  Thinking you may have gotten off
due to the clips,  she  undoes the ones on your nipples. 

She gets that clothesline again and ties your wrists together again and  throws
the end over a limb of the tree you've been laying under.   Pulling you  taut
until only the balls of your feet touch the ground, she ties the  rope to  the
tree trunk.  She walks in front of your and gags you with a cloth  wrapped 
around your mouth and tied in the back of your head.  You watch the  other 
"mamas" watch you and you think you detect fear or at least sorrow in  their 
eyes.  They must think they'll all be punished by the leader.  Or maybe  they 
know what is about to be done to you.  Barbara has walked somewhere  behind  you
and now returns with a limber length of branch from which she  continues  to cut
the leaves with her knife.  You realize she is creating a switch  and  you
shiver with anticipation.  However, Barbara thinks your shivers are  from  the
cold as the temperature is dropping.  "This should warm you up" she  says  as
she whips the switch through the air causing a whistling sound.  She  lays  the
switch on your left breast and moves it back and forth across the  nipple.  
Without warning, she strikes with a vertical motion.  Her short arm  motion 
caused a sting on your breast and nipple, but will not leave a mark.   Taking  a
step back, she rears her arm back and brings the switch around with  great 
force.  It hits you in the midriff above the navel and, as her arm  motion 
continues past you, the rough surface of the switch is dragged across  your 
belly.  The gag barely conceals your scream of pain.  "This is what I  meant 
when I said it could get worse" Barbara says as she brings her arm back  again. 
She drives the switch forward again hitting and dragging it  across  your rib
cage below your breasts.  Again, your scream is muffled.   Walking  around and
swinging her arm, she lands another on the small of your  back,  about where the
table edge cut into you.  Barbara's cruelity seems to  bother  some of the
"mamas" watching your punishment.  Back in front of you,  the  switch is applied
with great force to your thighs below your crotch.   Your  pitiful, muffled
screams bring the leader out to see what the commotion  is.   He sees the angry
red marks Barbara has made on you and knows he has  the  answer to his unasked
question of what is going on.  "What are you  doing?"   he says, anyway. 
Barbara stops and says "I wanted her to know what  would  happen if she came
before you told her she could."  "Well, leave her  alone  and come in the cabin
-- we want you all to hear what we have planned  for her  tomorrow."

Knowing they won't be accused of letting you orgasm, all the women  smile 
weakly and follow the leader into the cabin.  Barbara throws the switch  at  you
and it bounces off your legs as she leaves you suspended from the  limb.   You
wimper to yourself and cry and gasp from the pain of this beating.   It so 
occupies your thoughts that you forget the clips and chain still  attached to 
your vaginal lips.  As your breathing slows, you notice how chilly it  has 
become since the sun has gone down, leaving barely any light to see.   Despite 
that, your body cries out for rest and, as your head slowly droops to  your 
chest, you fall into a light and troubled asleep.




THE SUNDAY DRIVE
By TXpanM
(Part 2)

You awake with a jerk.  You are in great discomfort, especially across  the 
shoulders.  It  takes a couple of seconds for you to remember the  circumstances
you are in.  You moan with the realization of your  situation.   The night air
makes your nipples as hard as river pebbles.  And the  chill  gives you
goosebumps all over.  You really feel the four welts you  received  from
Barbara's switch.  It's still night with a three-quarters moon  shining  into
the clearing.  You feel someone touching you.

Moving around from your back, you see one of the "old ladies" of the  motorcycle
gang.  One of the ones who looked at you with concern when  Barbara  was
whipping you.  She reaches out to your face and brushes some of  your 
sweat-soaked hair back from where it fell while your head was down when  you 
were sleeping.  "Please be quiet," she says softly as she removes the  gag  from
your mouth.  You take a deep breath using your newly-released  mouth.   She goes
to the trunk of the tree and unties the rope suspending you.   When  your feet
rest on the ground, your knees buckle and you slowly fall to  the  ground,
controlled by the rope about your wrists.  The "mama" kneels  before  you and
unties the rope from your wrists and rubs them to help restore  circulation.  It
feels so good to lay there on your back, even with  your legs  tucked under you. 
She says "come with me -- quietly" as she places a  hand  under your shoulder
and helps you up.  She helps support you as you  walk on  rubbery legs out of
the clearing and into the woods.  Once out of sight  of  the cabin, she guides
you towards a clump of bushes.  "You can have  some  privacy while you releve
yourself" she says as she walks a short  distance  away.  As you empty your
bladder,  you think about escape.  You realize  you  couldn't run on your legs
tonight if you had to -- and you do!  You  stand up  and the woman appears at
your side.  She begins to guide you further  into the  woods and you begin to
wonder what she intends.  You receive part of  your  answer when you stop at a
stream which runs through the woods.  Here,  you are  urged to drink and wash. 
Any wamth you generated in your short walk is  stolen away when you wash with
the icy cold creek water.  Shivering now  and  somewhat cleaner, you wonder what
will happen next.  You don't have  long to  wait as you feel the woman touching
and rubbing your face and breasts.   You  feel the heat of her body as she
begins to gently kiss you on the  mouth.  You  are too tired to resist, so you
lay there on your back.

She touches and kisses you on the face and neck and begins to move down  your 
body.  The low-level light from the moon allows her to clearly see the  many 
marks on your pale, soft skin.  She pays particular attention to where  you 
were whipped with the rope and the welts.  You still have the clamps on  your 
labia lips and she released them.  She uses this as an excuse to  examine you 
with her fingers and tongue.  Her hands gently caress your inner thighs  while 
she tongues your throbbing clitoris.  You begin to writhe with pleasure  and 
she notices how wet you're becoming.  At the sounds of your moans, she  raises 
her head and then suddenly stops.  She stays like that, so you follow  her  gaze
and your blood runs cold!  The rest of the motorcycle gang is  standing  there,
watching.

"So, Sally, this is where you are" the leader says all too softly.   Sally is 
roughly drug to her feet and slapped.  She stands there, apparently in  shock, 
as her "leathers" are stripped from her body.  She is then knocked to  the 
ground and her boots are taken.  "Get on your knees, Sally" the leader  says  as
he kicks her in the side.  Sally quickly gets on her hands and  knees.  The 
leader grabs you by arms and pulls you to your feet and pushes you onto  Sally. 
"Get on her back" he says.  "Ok, Sally, you wanted to help her;  you  can carry
her back to the cabin."  You lay on Sally's back and put your  arms  around her
neck.  Sally struggles to stand up.  To help her, one of the  gang  urges her on
with a lash across her ass.  She jerks, but stands with  you on  her back.  She
staggers forward on tender feet and cries out.  In  answer, she  is lashed
again.  You hang on as Sally plods toward the cabin.  Your  breasts  and belly
are pressed against Sally's naked back.  This night is chilly  and  you feel
Sally's warmth and nuggle closer.  About this time, you all  arrive  at the
cabin.  The door is open and Sally, with you on her back, are  pushed  inside. 
Sally is struck and she (and you) collapse on the floor in a  heap.   You are
grabbed and dragged to the table you laid on the night before.   Forced on the
table top and tied as before, you feel movement between  your  legs.  Trying to
look, what you do see is the closed cabinet on the  wall is  now open and one of
the gang members has grabbed some items and is  bringing  them to the table. 
You can now see that the items are long candles.   "You  still like this,
bitch?" you hear another voice ask.  You feel what  must be  one of those tapers
being inserted into your vagina.  You feel it  moving back  and forth in your
increasing wetness.  Then the motion stops with the  candle  still inside you. 
You feel heat!  A constant heat source.  From the  comments  made around you,
you figure out that someone has lit the candle  sticking out  of you. 

Turning your head, you see another woman with a lit candle moving  toward you.  
The long flame indicates a long wick which will burn hotter.  She  stands on 
the only chair in the room and, leaning over you, she tips the candle  and 
allows the wax to drop on your left breast.  She appears to be playing  a game 
of trying to drop wax on your nipples.  You start to yell when the  cabin in 
rocked with an ear-splitting scream.  Sally has been ordered to lay  under the 
table and the wax from the candle in your vagina dropped a great  quanity of 
wax between Sally's open legs.  You hear Sally being kicked and told to  shut 
up.  All you hear now is Sally's wimpering and occasional gasps as more  wax 
drops on her tender areas.  The other woman goes back to her game of  trying  to
hit your nipples with the drops of wax.  The wax burns, but only  immedately and
then cools, leaving a round dot of wax on your breasts.   Having hit one of your
dark pink nipples, she has now taken notice of  your  marks and is aiming for
the welt on your rib cage.  The wax hitting  that welt  burns worse than that
hitting your breast.  You buck on the table, your  hips  gyrating.  You begin to
get excited; your vagina becoming very wet.   Suddenly, the candle slips from
between your legs and falls on Sally!   The  flame burns Sally, then goes out as
she screams again.  One man,  kicking  Sally again, pushes the other woman away
from you and hits you with  some type  of rough strap across your belly.  "You
slut, you love everything  that's done  to you!" the man says as he grabs you
between the legs.  The leader  moves  over and open his switchblade in front of
your face, then cuts the  clothesline holding your hands.  Moving to the other
end of the table,  he  leans over and releases your ankles.  Reaching back, he
grabs you by  your  light brown hair and pulls you to your feet.  You stumble
against Sally  who  is struggling to get up.  You are pulled outside into the
sunny, but  cool  Monday morning and over to the tree in the clearing.  You
hands are  again  bound and are pulled over your head leaving you dangling from
the same  branch. 

Sally tries to walk, but is being prodded and struck by one of the gang 
members.  She is pushed face first into your hanging body.  "Sally, I  want  you
to remove those wax dots from her."  As Sally reaches out to pick  one off  with
her fingernail, the leaders say "With your teeth, bitch, only with  your 
teeth."  To emphasize his instruction, he strikes her in the small of  the 
back.  Sally takes her warm mouth and encircles your large nipple  coated with 
wax.  She uses her teeth to scrape at the wax.  You react to that and  the 
leader says "Don't let her enjoy this."  Sally responds by biting your  nipple,
hard!  The wax she got in her mouth, she spits onto your legs,  some  pieces
sticking there.  Her mouth against your breast nips more wax  which is  also
spit onto you.  You jump violently when Sally bites at the welt  Barbara  gave
you last night.  "Clean off that nipple better -- it's important"  the  leader
says as he slaps Sally across her back with his strap.  Having  done as  she's
been told to your great discomfort, Sally finds herself grabbed  and her  wrists
tied in front of her.  The end of her rope is also thrown over  the  same limb
as yours and is tied off next to your rope.

You and Sally are now "dancing" together, naked bodies touching each  other  and
bouncing away as your toes barely reach the ground.  They all laugh  as  Sally
is whipped with the strap, causing her body to bump against  yours.   Sometimes
the strap across her back reaches around and "bites" into  your  side.  Your
bodies bouncing and rubbing back and forth, strangely  begins to  arouse you. 
The leader must have seen that look on your face as he  makes  them stop the
whipping.  He walks to his motorcycle and then back.  He  grabs  your right
breast and starts to squeeze something from a tiny tube on  your  enlarged
nipple.  He grabs Sally by the left breast and sucks her  nipple,  hard.  Sally
gasps and her nipple responds.  With a hand on each  breast, he  pushes the
nipples together and holds them there.  You feel sticky, but  when  he releases
your breast, the nipples do not separate.  It is then when  you  realize he has
Super Glued yours and Sally's nipples together.  Walking  around to your other
side, he quickly does the same thing with your  left  nipple and Sally's right
one.  You two are now tight against each other  and  you notice the heat from
Sally's groin matching yours.   While you are  considering this, the leader
grabs your hips from behind you.  Sally's  "old  man" grabs her the same way. 
They peek around your bodies at each  other and  begin to pull you two apart! 
Your pubic areas are about two feet apart  when  the pull on your nipples begins
to really hurt.  You both begin to cry  as  your nipples are cruelly stretched. 
You hear the laughter and miss the  nods  from the two men as they both release
your hips.  Gravity and your  joined  nipples pulls you two together and your
lower bodies impact with a dull  thump.  You two grunt while everyone else
laughs.  The men grab you two  again.  The leader digs his fingernails into your
soft flesh and  notices your  continued wetness.  "Damn it to hell!  You tramp,
you cunt, you whore"  he  screams and lets you go.  The other man wasn't
expecting him to release  you  so you swing toward Sally, but she is still being
pulled back.  In  suprise,  he releases her and instead of hitting into each
other, you two are now  swinging back and forth in unison, rubbing the full
length of your  bodies  against each other.  "I give up" the leader says and,
taking his knife,  slips  it between two nipples prying them apart.  You scream
because these two  nipples come apart only when you are cut.  You now have blood
trickling  down  your breast.  He pushes you two apart and starts sawing on the
two  remaining  glued nipples.  No one is cut this time as you two are now
separated.   He  tells the other man to get Sally down, dressed and ready to
ride.   While that  is being done, the leader dips his knife blade into the
little blood  that has  leaked from your cut nipple.  He then teases your left
cheek with it,  leaving  a bloody mark there, but no cut.  "You're not worth any
more of my  time,  cunt.  If I get bored someday, I'll come back for you!  I
have your  wallet,  you know!"  You tremble and hear the sound of motorcycles
starting.  He  suddenly knees you in the groin and cuts the rope holding you up. 
You  collapse in a pile on the ground as the motorcycles sweep through the 
clearing and out of your life.

THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  TXpanM


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





