BDSM Library - Ten Days in Another Town




Ten Days in Another Town
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The guy was captured by policewomen and in prison for 10 days, completely under the control of these gals. He for sure had learned how to please his mistresses and obey their orders.
Ten Days in Another Town

Nessus
rgaa2@bigpond.com

This story is intended for the enjoyment of adults over 
the age of 18 or whatever the legal age is in your part of the universe. It 
contains fantasy scenes of graphic sexual activity. Please, if you are under 
the age of 18, or if you will be offended by such material, use your intelligence 
and read no further - delete file. Otherwise ....enjoy!

Distribute freely if you wish but, please, not to minors.



Ten Days in Another Town
Day One

I live driving fast, especially in a sports car as it gives me a real sense
of power. The trees sped past as I wound down and around the curving country
roads, the stereo chunking out some Janet Jackson as a trail of dust
heralded my passage through the rural landscape. A chance for the
hillbillies out here to see a beautiful car, rather than the usual old
trucks and farm machinery.

After closing a special deal ( at least I thought it was special), I had
hinted to Verity that I needed a new car, a new sports car. In fact, a
Mercedes convertible sports with all the trimmings.

Verity was my boss as well as my girlfriend. She had fallen for me in a big
way and I fell for her once I found out she was the richest woman in the
state. Hey, who am I to argue with true love?

It had worked out great. I fucked her when she wanted it which, by the way,
doesn�t seem to be too often lately and when she was off wheeling and
dealing, I found a lot of ladies were willing to take a drive in a new
Mercedes.

It�s been that easy. Why? Well, I found out at an early age that I was an
handsome guy. In fact, some of my ladies have described me, in moments of
passion, as beautiful. Hey, I know I�m not tall but I have this face that
has allowed me to charm women of all ages and breast sizes.

I�ve been blessed with thick black hair, dark expressive brown eyes, olive
skin and a great smile. Unfortunately, I didn�t make it in the modeling game
as I wasn�t, so they said, tall enough. Still, I learned how to dress well,
how to move and how to look devastatingly handsome.

Anyway, after closing the deal at breakfast this morning, I had slipped into
my drawstring Nautica shorts, Nautica Polo shirt, loafers and sped away,
eager to enjoy the exhilarating drive back through country I�d never seen.

Verity had suggested that I drive to the meeting down the highway yesterday
and take some time to drive back today through the back roads to test the
car out as well as mentally unwind. She had planned a special trip for us
and we were heading off on a two week vacation. To the Carribean, I hoped. I
had certainly dropped enough hints.

Two weeks with just Verity and me so I�ll have to be on the straight and
narrow but I can handle that. I�ll just plan another trip out of town after
the vacation to pick up a little new action.

I saw the flashing lights in the rear-vision mirror before I heard the
sirens. "Fuck," I muttered. "Just what I need. Another speeding ticket."
Reluctantly, I pulled over and waited, watching the police car pull in
behind the Mercedes.

The cop got out, dressed in khakis, broad brimmed hat and mirror sunglasses,
large pistol holster on the hip. I smiled to myself as I realised the cop
was a woman. Time to be charming and handsome.

"Can I help you, officer?" I asked smiling up at her emotionless face. Boy,
she was tall. Nice face, large breasts pushing against the fabric of her
short sleeved shirt. A badge on her left breast said � C.J. Davidson�. "Was
I going too fast?" I asked innocently, cranking the smile up again.

"Can I see your drivers licence, sir," she said and it wasn�t a question.
Her face, though completely devoid of emotion, was quite attractive. I
guessed she was a blonde and, as I examined her figure in her tight khaki
trousers, with a nice ass.

As I handed her my licence a car door slammed and I saw another female cop
emerge from the police car. This was my lucky day, I thought. I must be able
to charm one of these bitches. I slipped my sunglasses onto the seat beside
me so they could see my eyes.

"You are Jerry Lange?"

"Yes, Officer," I said, turning my eyes on her.

"It�s Sheriff," she said flatly.

"Oh," I smiled boyishly. "Sorry, Sheriff."

"And this is your place of residence?"

"Ah, I�ve just moved. I was meaning to change the address when I got back."

"I see," she said coldly. "And this is your car?" I nodded and watched the
other cop move next to my car. She was smaller, darker and wearing a skirt
as part of her khaki uniform. Same hat and sunglasses. Her name tag said
 L. Purdy�.

"It�s the one, CJ," she said.

"Please step outside the vehicle", the sheriff said coldly and I shrugged
and climbed out. "Turn around and rest both hands on the car."

"Hey," I protested. "Wait a minute." Suddenly, both cops had their pistols
in their hands and the sheriff, somehow, pushed and turned me so I sprawled
over the trunk of my car.

My hands were roughly pulled behind my back and I felt the coldness of the
handcuffs as they were clicked into place. "What the fuck!" I screamed.
"What�s going on!"

Some one kicked my legs apart and I slid down the car a little. "As if you
didn�t know," I heard the sheriff say.

"This car has been reported as stolen," the other cop said into my ear as
she ran her hands over my upper body, patting me down for weapons.

"Stolen?" I gasped. "Impossible."

"This car is registered in the name of Verity Langton. That�s not you, is
it?" the sheriff said sarcastically.

"Well, no," I stumbled. "You see...."

"Maybe we should check, CJ?" giggled the cop.

"I think you�re right, Leonie," CJ laughed and I felt Purdy�s fingers
plucking at the drawstring of my shorts. Suddenly, air whistled around my
thighs as my shorts were unceremoniously yanked to my knees.

A low whistle and a giggle from behind me caused me to blush. "Are those
girls panties?" I heard CJ ask.

"Look like it to me, CJ."

"No," I protested. "Calvin Klein bikini pants."

"Men wear shorts," said Leonie. "At least the men I know. And those aren�t
shorts."

"You know, Leonie," I heard the other say. "This could be a woman. Look at
those panties. Maybe we�ve made a horrible mistake." She laughed and as I
started to turn my head around, it was shoved back with a snarl. "Keep your
fucking head straight, asshole!"

"You�re right, CJ. This could be Verity Langton."

"Better check."

"Yup."

To my embarrassment, I felt my underwear yanked down around my knees and my
cock and balls were exposed.

"You can�t do that!" I yelled.

Laughter. "We can do what we dam please. We�re the law here and you�re
nothing but a speedster and a car thief."  Nervously, I looked up and down
the country road but, thankfully, no vehicles were approaching.

A sly hand slipped between my legs and grabbed my balls. "Maybe I should
just squeeze these," a voice said in my ear and I flinched. "Squeeze them
real hard. Would you like me to do that?"

"No, don�t," I said, voice trembling.

"Maybe I�m going to do it anyway."

"No, please," I squealed as I felt her hand tighten and heard laughter from
Leonie as she watched.

"Ask me nicely."

"Please don�t squeeze my balls," I said in a small voice, humiliated and
vulnerable.

"Miss Davidson."

"Please don�t squeeze my balls, Miss Davidson," I whispered, thoroughly
humiliated. Just wait until Verity hears about this, I thought angrily. She�
ll have your badges!

Laughing loudly, they spun me around so I leaned against the car, facing
them, with my shorts and underwear around my knees. They had holstered their
guns and were standing there laughing as they pointed to my cock. "Not a
woman," said Leonie.

"Nope. Just a guy with a small cock." They burst into laughter again and my
face was burning with embarrassment.

"Must be a car thief, then," CJ said, laughing.

Leonie casually raised her foot and used it to push my shorts and underwear
to the ground around my ankles. "Step out of that," she instructed and I
did, standing with my hands handcuff behind my back and nothing but a shirt
and loafers on.

"Kick off the shoes," CJ ordered.

"But," I started to protest and a blinding, burning pain erupted on my
thigh. "Ahh!" I cried in anguish. My eyes were stinging and, as the pain
subsided, I noticed that the sheriff had a squat black object in her hand.

"Electric shock and that was only twenty percent, wimp! Now, I�m not going
to discuss anything else with you. You do what I say or you get the full
blast on your pathetic balls! Got it!" I nodded furiously, panic rising
inside me as I kicked the loafers off.

"Get hit in the balls with that," Leonie confided, "and they�ll turn black
and drop off."

"Ok, Leonie," CJ said. "You drive the fancy car back and I�ll take this
little boy back into town."

"Jeez," Leonie pouted. "You always get the fun."

"Privileges of rank, my dear." They laughed and CJ bent down and kissed
Leonie goodbye and my cock swelled at the sight.

"Mm," said Leonie, smiling and looking at my rising cock. "Looks like it
works."

"Yup. But it�s still small." Laughing loudly they shoved me towards the
police car.

I sat in the back of the police car with only my shirt on and my hands
cuffed behind my back. These women were crazy, I seethed inside, fucking
crazy. So crazy, a small voice warned inside my head, they could kill you.

CJ turned in the front seat and inspected me. "Legs apart, worm," she
instructed and, embarrassed, I spread my legs. I could see my reflection in
her sunglasses and flushed in my humiliation as my cock and balls lolled on
my stomach in the summer heat.

We drove off in a cloud of dust, following my red Mercedes with CJ humming
along with a country song on the radio. Every now and again, I felt her eyes
on me as we sped through the farmlands and forests.

Rattling over a wooden bridge, we past a town sign and I strained to see the
name but missed it. CJ slowed down as we approached the town and, to my
constant embarrassment, drove down the main street until she turned into a
lane and parked outside a red brick building.

I looked around for my car but couldn�t see it. With jerk, she opened my
door and pulled me out. Self-consciously, half- naked, I stood in the alley
way and looked around as CJ locked the car. Luckily, the area was deserted.

Casually, she grabbed my cock and dragged me to a side door and into the
building. Standing in a dark corridor, I felt my cock swell.

"Like that, boy?" she sneered, her hand jerking my cock and I grunted.

With a shove, she pushed me into a small room where Leonie sat in a chair at
a small table, smoking a cigarette. Next to the table was a metal pole that
stretched from floor to ceiling and one wall was covered to waist high with
a blue curtain.

Leonie looked up, saw my hard cock and smiled. "Looks like he likes being
pushed around." Her hat, with her sunglasses, was lying on the table next to
her and her long dark hair hung loose to her shoulders, her dark eyes
flashing with laughter as she looked me up and down. I watched her full lips
close around the cigarette as she sucked on it and my cock twitched. She was
a beautiful woman.

When CJ shucked her hat and jammed her sunglasses into her breast pocket, I
was equally surprised. She had short blonde hair, brushed back, pale blue
eyes and full red pouting lips. There was a haughty, almost regal air about
her which I attributed to her height. No doubt about it, both women were
beautiful.

CJ fastened me to the pole so I was facing the blue curtain. While she was
doing that, Leonie pulled my ankles apart, fastened a manacle around each
one and then locked them to rings in the floor.

Leonie pulled a bag in front of me, squatted again and fastened a ring
around my balls, locking it shut, grinning up at me as my cock twitched.

CJ stood in front of me. "Welcome to court. "

"Court?" I said hesitantly, fearful of her reaction.

"We don�t like prisoners getting close to the Judge. When courts in session,
we pull the curtain back and you will see the Judge through a glass window.
Bullet proof of course. We had a nasty incident a few years back. Judge�s a
little careful these days."

"Who can blame her," Leonie commented while fiddling with the strap she had
locked around my balls. "He�s still hard, CJ," she giggled and I blushed. I
never felt so exposed, so humiliated in my whole life.

"You�ll be able to answer the Judge through a microphone on the wall. It�s
all legal." I swallowed. This was my chance to protest my innocence. I�ll
tell the judge about these maniacs and I�ll be set free.

"When can I have my phone call?" I asked, feeling more confident now the
legal system was under way. I was innocent, dam it!

"Who you gonna call?" drawled CJ, lighting a cigarette.

"Verity, of course. Verity Langton."

"That�s interesting. You find that interesting, Leonie?"

"Sure do," she said, fastening a cord to the strap around my balls.

"Real interesting, boy, �course Ms Verity Langton reported the car as
stolen," she said, blowing blue smoke at the ceiling.

I reeled in shock. Verity! Impossible, there must be some mistake. There
must be!

"But," I cried. "It can�t be! I mean, Verity and I�.we, well�."

"Stole your ladies car, eh?" sneered CJ. "Bad boy. Now you�re caught."

"I can still call her, can�t I?" I cried in panic. "As my official call?"

CJ nodded. "Sure. Later. I just called her to report the recovery of her
vehicle and she�s not there."

"Not there?" I said weakly.

"Nope. Gone on vacation. Flew out to the Carribean this morning." The
Carribean! I was stunned. "Never been there," CJ added.

"Hear it�s nice," volunteered Leonie.

"Ok," CJ said firmly. "This is how it works. "You�re going to answer
guilty."

"Guilty!"

"Don�t want to waste the Judge�s time. Now," she said pointing at the
curtains, "I�ll be out there testifying so Leonie will be controlling our
enforcer."

I looked down and saw, in horror, that the cord attached to my balls was now
attached to a large metal weight that sat on the table next to me. "You
might decide to say something else. You know, protest your innocence or
something stupid like that. If you do, Leonie will push that weight of the
table." She dropped her cigarette on the floor and crushed it with her boot.
"Tell him what happens then, Leonie honey," she said, exhaling the last of
her smoke.

"The cord�s really short and the weight is really heavy so it would just rip
your balls clean from your body. Pretty painful. Cause us a big mess to
clean up but you�d be dead. Probably bleed to death. Pretty painful I�d say
but I don�t really know. I don�t have balls. Then, neither would you after
that." Leonie laughed at that one.

"Why are you doing this to me?" I squealed

CJ�s eyes narrowed and she moved her face close to mine. "�Cause I can,
asshole. This is my town! You might be thinking we�re not serious. Well, you
can think that but you�re betting your balls!"

The sheriff jammed her hat on and walked to the door. "See you in court,"
she said, laughed and strode away.

I hung on the pole, my head low, a helpless feeling sweeping over me. Verity
has gone! To the Carribean and, without me! She must have found out about
one of the girls I fucked on the side. How, I don�t know but she must have.
If she hadn�t why had she reported my car stolen and left me here with these
female barbarians? These monsters!

A hopeless feeling swept over me. I was helpless with no choice. A guilty
plea or my balls lying bloody on the floor. These bitches were crazy enough
to do it! For the first time, I admitted to myself I was scared shitless!

"You�ve lost it," a lazy voice interrupted me and I looked over at Leonie,
slouched in the chair.

"What?"

"Your cocks soft. Look," she said and slowly raised her skirt. She wasn�t
wearing any hose and I watched the hem of the skirt travel up her long brown
legs. Hypnotised, my eyes were focused on that khaki cloth, sliding upwards,
and my cock started to swell as her skirt rested at her crotch.

"That�s better," she smiled lazily. "You�re starting to get hard. Guess you
don�t need see my panties now."

She was wrong. I wanted to see them, my cock was throbbing and she was
turning me on like no other woman before so I pleaded with my eyes. "Do you
want to?" she asked softly and I nodded my head furiously. "Well, ask,
little boy. Ask Miss Purdy."

I cleared my throat, staring at her fingers toying with the hem of her
skirt. "Please, Miss Purdy," I asked, my face red but my cock was hard. "Can
I see your panties?"

A light, tinkling laugh escaped from her, a laugh with an edge of victory to
it as she slid the skirt up just enough to reveal a small triangle of white
lace. My cock jumped at the sight.

A loud buzzer interrupted the mood and Leonie jumped to her feet. "Right,"
she said with a business-like tone. "That�s the five minute warning. I�m
going to pull the curtain and switch the microphone on. You know what to
say, don�t you?" Leonie said, leaning close, her fingers lightly stroking my
cock and I trembled. "I will push that weight off the table, you know," she
said sweetly. "I�m capable and this," her fingers grabbed my cock, " will be
the last hard-on you�ll have."

I watched her pull the curtain back and, thankfully, realised the window
would only show my head and chest. One of the benefits of being short. A
courtroom lay behind the glass and I could see CJ standing in a military
pose near one of the front desks.

Leonie put a finger to her lips and flicked a switch. Suddenly, the noise of
the people talking and moving around in the courtroom flooded my little
room. I heard Leonie sit at the table next to me, her fingers resting on the
weight.

A flurry of activity as the Judge, an older woman in her black robe swept to
the bench and banged her gavel. The usher had instructed all to rise and
advised it was Judge Seymour presiding.

A young man in a shirt and tie with floral suspenders addressed the court.
"You Honour," he began, "the state charges Gerald Lange with car theft,
speeding violations and attempted escape from custody." He sat down again as
the judge looked at CJ over her glasses.

"Sheriff, did you subdue this man?" she asked waving her gavel at me.

CJ nodded." Yes, your Honour with the help of my deputy."

The Judge turned her gaze on me. "How do you plead?" she asked and I heard a
scraping noise as Leonie moved the weight along the table.

"Guilty, your Honour," I croaked. The scraping noise stopped and I sighed in
relief.

"Six months," Judge Seymour decreed, banging the gavel and Leonie closed the
curtain as well as switching the microphone off. The noise from the
courtroom ceased as I gasped in shock. Six months! I hung my head, my eyes
stinging as I fought back the tears.

Leonie released me from the pole and the floor rings, leaving my hands
cuffed behind my back and the manacles around my ankles. She also slipped
the cord attached to the weight off my balls. A slight push from her sent me
to my knees, head dejectedly bowed.

Leonie settled in the chair in front of me. "You good at licking pussy?" she
asked.

I flushed. Verity had asked me to many times but I didn�t. I never do it.
Not with her or any of the woman I fucked. "No," I said tremulously.

She smiled and let her legs slip apart. "Time you learned." Her long fingers
slipped around my head, pulling my face to the dark confines of under her
skirt. A quick movement as she pulled her skirt up and I was face to face
with the white lace of her panties. Tentatively, I kissed the lace and her
musky perfume swirled around me.

I didn�t believe it. Here I was, half naked in a courtroom after being
sentenced to six months jail and kissing a deputy sheriff�s panties!

The door opened and I heard CJ�s voice. "Leonie, what are you doing?" she
demanded

I tried to raise my head but Leonie pressed my face into her wet panties.
"What�s it look like, CJ? Getting me a little fun."

There was a pause while I kept kissing. "Any good?" CJ asked after a moment.

"Nah," Leonie said, shoving me away so I rolled on my back, my hard cock
waving in the air. "But he�s got six months to learn."

And they both laughed at that.

CJ jerked me to my feet, produced a hunting knife and, with its razor sharp
blade, cut my shirt from my body. Now I was completely naked.

With a brutal shove, she pushed me through the door and down a long
corridor. Embarrassed, I looked around but it was vacant. The broad grins on
CJ�s and Leonie�s faces told me they were enjoying my embarrassment.

Through another door and into a large room with two prison cells in them,
both cells were empty.

"We�ll keep you here until we transfer you," Leonie said as she unlocked the
cell door.

"Please," I whispered. "Can I have some clothes?"

"What do you think, CJ?" Leonie asked, looking up at the tall woman.

CJ shook her head. "Don�t have any. Get in." Slowly, numb and exhausted from
the shock, I walked in and sat on the bunk, my hands still handcuffed.

Leonie pointed at a bucket in the corner. "You can piss in that. Any thing
more than a piss, yell out."

With a clang, they locked the door and left me alone with my misery and my
frustration. Staring at the wall, tears forming, I managed to drift off into
a fitful sleep.

Hours later, Leonie returned with a plate of stew which she fed me with a
spoon, giggling and teasing me all the while. Every now and again, she�s
flash her panties at me and my cock remained hard long after she left.

Laying on the bed, frustrated with my hands cuffed behind me, I desperately
wanted to cum. Somehow, I managed to turn half on my side and graze my hard
cock against the rough woollen blanket.

It felt wonderful as I started pumping my hips in and out, dragging the
sensitive head of my cock across the blanket.

Suddenly, the door clanged open and I felt the burning of the electric shock
gun across my ass! "Aaahhhh!!" I cried out and fell off the bunk, landing at
CJ�s feet.

I heard a whirring noise and I saw a steel rod with a cross bar being
lowered from the roof. Quickly, she un-cuffed me and cuffed each hand to the
crossbar, leaving me kneeling, facing the bars of the cell. I couldn�t
stand.

Without a word, she left with a clang, leaving me with a stinging ass and
forced to kneel, my arms resting on the cross bar. It was then I saw the
camera, high on the wall outside the cell and realised I had been, and
probably was still, under surveillance.

Darkness fell and I dozed fitfully in my uncomfortable position. I snapped
out of sleep with the urge to piss but the bucket might well have been a
million miles away.

I called out but my voice echoed in the darkness and I knew I was alone in
the holding cells. Finally, with shame, I pissed and felt the warm stream of
urine splash against me as it hit the cell floor. Soon, I was kneeling in my
own circle of piss.

Dozed again. Dreamt of snorkelling in blue waters with beautiful women. I
woke with a start with a clanging noise and blinked my eyes as the bright
light switched on.

I looked up and gasped. CJ was standing at the bars, smoking and looking at
me with that regal smile on her lovely face. She was dressed in a simple
black dress, black hose, high heel shoes and was beautiful. My cock twitched
at the sight.

"You understand who makes the rules now, boy?" she asked softly.

I nodded. "You do," I croaked.

"You got that right. I own you. You do nothing without my permission. And
that includes blowing your wad. Got that?"

I nodded again and she smiled. "Look here," she commanded and I watched her
slide the black dress up those incredibly long legs in sheer black nylon.
Stockings! She wore stockings and my cock throbbed at the sight. "I�m the
one with the control," she said, laughed, dropped her dress and walked out.

Second later the lights went out, plunging me into darkness, leaving me
helpless, tremendously frustrated  with an insistent, throbbing hard on and
the smell of my own piss.

Later, to my increased shame, I could not control my body and I had no
alternative but to shit myself. In my humiliating position, the shit ran
over the back of my legs and mashed behind my knees. My embarrassment
increased when I realised the camera was probably recording the latest depth
I had sunk to.

Almost retching from my own stink, I sobbed myself to sleep.




Ten Days in Another Town
Day Two

When the first signs of morning drifted into the cell, I sluggishly awoke,
my body aching and sore, stinking in my own mess and with a raging hard-on.
I lifted my head and stared at the grey shadows the morning sun made from
the steel bars facing me. A hollow feeling lay in the depths of my stomach
as I wrestled with my state of mind. Deserted? Betrayed? I didn�t know what
but I knew that Verity had, somehow, become involved in this.

I was lost in an unknown land of cruel and heartless women. Fear was my
constant companion, control gone and facing an uncertain future with a
tortuous six months.

The monstrous thought, however, that weighed heavily upon my soul, was the
idea, the pressing thought, that I was forced to live like this for the next
six months. Under their control without defence and without dignity. A
hollow man, lost, in an evil world.

A jet of cold water jerked me back to reality. A thin reedy man held the
fire hose as it gushed its purifying water through the bars of my cage to
cleanse me of my nightly angst. With a disdainful shrug, he switched it off
and left, dragging the hose behind him as I shivered in the grey light,
listening to the sound of the water dripping into the drains. Thankfully,
the water removed my erection and I now drooped with a semblance of control.

A little later, Leonie leaned against the bars, smiling at me with a bowl of
something in her hand. "Hungry?" she teased and I nodded, licking my
crackled lips. "From now on, you call me Miss Purdy and CJ Miss Davidson.
Ok?" she said as she unlocked the cell door.

"Yes, Miss Purdy," I croaked, my body aching.

Smiling, she squatted in front of me and I smelt her perfume mixing with the
smell of hot milk and cereal. Her tight skirt gaped a little and I thought I
saw tan stocking tops and my cock surged into hardness.

Leonie saw it and smiled. "You trying to look up my skirt, boy?" she teased
and I blushed madly, not knowing what to say. She leaned close, her red lips
so, so very close and I trembled. "You are really horny, aren�t you?"

"Yes, Miss Purdy," I whispered.

"Bet you�d eat my pussy now. Really throw yourself into it?" I nodded.
"Especially if I let you cum afterwards?"

"Please Miss Purdy," I pleaded, brokenly. I had never wanted to cum so much
in my life.

"Look," she said, standing up. Leonie slid her skirt up, showing me her tan
stocking tops, white garter belt and white lace panties. I strained to see
pubic hair behind the lace but in vain.

Leonie turned around and I marvelled at her soft ass in the panties. "Want
to kiss my ass?" she teased.

I was gone. "Please, Miss Purdy, let me kiss your beautiful ass."

Leonie tossed her head back, laughing loudly as she dropped her skirt,
looking up at the camera. "I�ll enjoy watching the replay later," she
giggled as I blushed in shame.

She unlocked me, let me stretch and strain my aching muscles, my hard cock
jutting from my groin while she kept the electric shock gun handy. Leonie
gestured at the bowl on the floor and, to my shame, like the animal I had
become, I licked the cereal from the bowl, my hard cock flat against my
belly.

When I raised my head from my bowl, milk and musty cereal dribbling from the
corners of my mouth and mashed against my chin, I noticed for the first time
that CJ was watching me from the cell bars. This morning, she was back into
her khaki uniform but hatless, the usual sardonic smile on her haughty face.

"Cuff him, Leonie," she said. Purdy cuffed my hands quickly behind my back
and pulled me to my feet. "Always hard, isn�t he?" commented CJ, her blue
eyes looking me up and down and I blushed again.

"Too bad it�s so small," giggled Leonie pushing me towards the cell door. I
didn�t think I had a small cock, average or, so I thought, but these
constant comments were making me unsure.

"Good morning, boy," CJ said, looking down at me as I stood, naked, in the
corridor.

"Morning Miss Davidson," I said quietly.

"Good," she said in satisfaction. "Time for your phone call, boy," she said
and my heart leapt in hope as I shuffled after her down the corridor.

I followed her into a small room with a table with a speaker phone on it and
two chairs. CJ and Leonie took the chairs and, following CJ�s pointing
finger, I knelt on the floor near the table.

Pulling out a slip of paper, CJ looked down at me. "I�ll make the call, you
can talk on the speaker phone and you don�t mention we�re here. Right?"

"Yes, Miss Davidson," I said humbly. I just wanted to make the call! To get
Verity to get me out of this hell hole!

Leonie giggled, lit a cigarette and slipped her shoes off, her stocking feet
close to my body. I stared at her legs while CJ punched the numbers into the
phone, the ringing tone dominating the room.

"Hello?" Verity! At last!

"Verity," I called urgently. "It�s me. Jerry!"

"Jerry, darling," she said sweetly. "I hear you�re in prison. Having a good
time?"

"Verity, please! You have to get me out!"

"Out? Now, how would I do that?" I ignored the smiles on the faces of
Davidson and Purdy as they listened to the conversation and focused on the
phone.

"Verity, you know I didn�t steal your car!"

"Didn�t you?" she said quizzically. "I must point out, darling, that I own
the car and you took it. I think that�s stealing."

Shocked, I gaped at the phone. "But," I protested, "you knew. You told me to
take it!"

"Did I? Oh dear, I can�t seem to remember." Her tone grew sharp. "Just like
you can�t seem to remember you�re with me and not with every easy bimbo
around town!"

I gulped. She knew! "Verity," I said hesitantly. "They meant nothing......"

"Don�t call me Verity!" she snapped. "I�m not your girlfriend any more. But
I�m still your boss!"

"Miss Langton," I said, starting afresh and the two cops smiled at the use
of the formal name. "They meant nothing to me. It was just sex," I pleaded
desperately.

"I happen to like sex! Even though your pathetic attempts weren�t that
enjoyable. Never trust a man who won�t lick your pussy!" Leonie stifled a
giggle and CJ smiled broadly.

"Please Miss Langton," I cried. "Get me out of here. I�m sentenced for six
months. Six months!" I felt like crying.

"I may drop the charges and, then again, I may not," she said coldly.

"Please help me," I begged.

"You sound desperate, Jerry. Almost like you�re begging. I bet you�d lick my
pussy now."

"Please," I sobbed. Suddenly, I felt Leonie�s nylon covered toes nudge my
cock and it sprang into a full and throbbing erection. God, I was so
frustrated.

"I�ll think about it while I�m on vacation. That�s where I am now, Jerry
darling. Try to imagine this. I�m lying in a huge snow white bed in this
magnificent hotel overlooking the blue ocean waters. Ceiling fans turning
and, of course," she added sweetly, "I�m naked. You remember what I look
like naked, Jerry darling?"

"Yes," I croaked, the picture full in my mind and Leonie�s toe grazing my
cock again.

"I met this wonderful young Jamaican boy on the beach. He will be here soon.
Such a young, hard black body. Mm," she whispered and I started rubbing my
cock against Leonie�s stocking feet, "I just know he will lick my pussy."

I groaned and the two women in the room giggled. "And then, Jerry darling, I
�ll let him fuck me. I�ve seen the outline of his cock in his shorts and it
will put yours to shame. Though, any cock would do that, wouldn�t it."

 "Yes, Jerry," she went on, taunting me. He�ll slide that wonderful thick
black cock into my pussy and I�ll feel so full, so fucked! After that, I
probably won�t remember you again! Bye, little lover." The call ended.

"Well," said CJ lighting a cigarette, "she�s got your number." Laughing, she
puffed a cloud of blue smoke out, watching me fuck Leone�s feet.

I was beyond care and shame, sawing my cock between Leonie�s feet until,
suddenly, she took them away. I stared at her feet longingly. "Please," I
whispered, desperate with need.

"What?" she teased.

"Please, Miss Purdy. Please let me cum."

I felt CJ un-cuff me and I looked up at them. "I�m not going to let you mess
my stockings," Leonie said.

"We might let you jerk off," CJ said.

"Please, Miss Davidson."

"Please, what?" she said coldly.

"Please, Miss Davidson, let me jerk off." I was thoroughly humiliated but,
so desperate was I to cum, that I no longer cared.

I took the curt nod from CJ to mean yes and quickly gripped my cock, moving
into the familiar rhythm. It didn�t take long as I was so near the edge. I
shuddered, cried out and pumped string after string of pearly cum into the
air while both women laughed and applauded loudly.

Exhausted, I slumped to the floor, head resting on my arms in an attempt to
hide my shame.

I heard a chair scrape back. "Clean that up, boy. Then it�s exercises for 
the rest of the day. We�re going to get you fit." They both laughed. "Tomorrow, 
you get transferred to a real prison."




Ten Days in Another Town
Day Three

When morning filtered through the bars, I lay, naked, my hands strapped to
the sides of my bunk and contemplated my new life.

Last night, with a combination of the gruelling exercise routine they put me
through and the lack of sleep the previous night, I was exhausted and slept
soundly.

Now, I was awake, comfortably refreshed and with a morning erection.

I was hungry. Since I�d been in their control, I was always hungry and the
food they served me was not large enough to completely satisfy. If they keep
feeding me that little, I�ll lose weight.

Embarrassed, I recalled my shameful exhibition. Jerking off in front of two
women was the most humiliating thing I had ever done. I looked down at my
hard cock and wished that I was able to control it and not be constantly
aroused.

Verity had betrayed me. Of that there was no doubt. And now, she was fucking
black studs in Jamaica. Jealousy stirred my guts but my cock twitched at the
mental image of a naked Verity on a large white bed with a young black stud
with a cock larger than mine.

The clanging of the doors heralded CJ�s arrival and, after unlocking my
manacles with stun gun at the ready, she forced me to move my stiff body
through the series of exercises.

I grunted and groaned while she sat watching impassively, cigarette burning.
Twisting and turning, bending and jumping, my cock moved with my movements,
causing CJ to smile as it slapped against my belly and legs. The exercise
program took about and hour and a half and, by the time, I was finished,
sweat was running down my body.

CJ always looked in control. Tall, regal and cold in her spotless uniform,
she looked down at me, her blue eyes clear and hard.

With a gesture, shepherded me to a shower room where I stood under the cold
water, my cock shrivelling as I soaped myself. There were no towels and I
stood dripping on the tiled floor.

"Miss Davidson," I blushed. "I need to use the toilet."

"Use it then," she snapped. I knew there was no use in arguing. Embarrassed,
I sat on the toilet, grunting and groaning and shamed by the splash my shit
made in the bowl.

I looked around for tissue but the roll was empty. "Back in the shower," she
ordered and, once again, face burning, I washed myself under the cold water.

When I emerged, I was shivering and my cock had, once again, shrunk. CJ
inspected me. "Looks like you�re cock is getting smaller. I didn�t think
that was possible. Might disappear soon," she laughed, pointing the way out
of the bathroom, back to the cell.

She ordered me to kneel, next to the bunk and she locked my hands behind my
back.

"Please, Miss Davidson," I begged. "I�m so hungry."

"You�ll get something soon, boy," she said. "You get transferred this
afternoon. I�ve got some errands to run so I won�t be back to wave goodbye,"
she sneered. "Enjoy Euston, boy. See you in six months."

As I watched her leave, my mind raced. Euston must be the penitentiary I was
being transferred to for the next six months. I shivered again, this time
from fear. not daring to move, I waited for, I guessed, about an hour.

I heard the doors open, the metallic ringing sound echoing through the
building, and smelt the food before I saw it.

Leonie carried the steaming bowl of mush into the cell with a smile on her
dark face. Once again, she was in uniform but, unlike CJ, she wore a tight
khaki skirt and heels.

She sat on the bunk and smiled down at my soft cock. "Not glad to see me,
any more?" she whispered, her knees pointing directly at my face. With a
wicked smile, she held the bowl high off her lap and let her legs drift
apart.

My eyes were riveted to the dark space under her skirt and my cock surged
into life at the barest glimpse of white panties and her tan stocking tops.

Leonie closed her legs and let the bowl rest on her lap. "There," she smiled
at my hard cock, "that�s better." She raised a spoon full of mush to my
face. "Open wide," she laughed. I was so hungry I would suffer any
humiliation and held my mouth wide for her. The mush was hot and beautiful
and I swallowed hungrily, opening my mouth for more.

As she fed me like a baby, her nylon covered leg brushed my cock every once
in  a while so I was, once again, on the edge and straining with
frustration.

Finally, she finished and she placed the empty bowl on the bunk beside her.
"I�ve got the job of driving you up to Euston," she said, looking down at my
hard cock and, then, opening her legs.

I stared into her open skirt, tan stockings, white lace panties and white
lace garter belt tantalised me.  "I loved the way you jerked off yesterday,"
she giggled and I blushed furiously. "Never seen a man do it like that, not
that you�re a real man. How often did you do it?"

Hanging my head, I tried to ignore the question. "I�m talking to you, boy,"
she snapped and I fearfully raised my head. "How often did you jerk yourself
off when you were outside?" she demanded, her smooth face close to me and
bringing her thick scent to my nose.

"Once a day, Miss Purdy," I admitted and she squealed.

"Once a day! Good Lord! Did you have anything left for your lady?" she
exclaimed. "No wonder you�re cock is so pitiful. You keep jerking on it.
Well, that might change up at Euston." Leonie stood, stretched, picked the
bowl up and walked to the open door. "I�ll be back in about an hour. It�s a
long drive to Euston." Laughing, she left me alone in the cell.

It was more than an hour, closer to two. Two hours where I fretted and
pondered on the image, the very thought of a penitentiary called Euston.
After about twenty minutes, I climbed off my knees and sat on the bunk,
waiting for my transfer

Finally, Leonie led me, naked, down the corridor to the parking space behind
the building. Embarrassed, I looked around but, luckily, the area was
deserted.

She surprised me by forcing me to sit in the front seat but, I realised it
was safer for her and she could keep an eye on me while she drove. Down a
few deserted lanes and we were suddenly on a dusty back road.

"Look here, boy," she said, giggling and I saw she had slid her skirt up to
her stocking tops and garter straps. My cock pulsed and I was incredibly
horny as I stared at the smooth nylon of her long legs.

Leonie lit a cigarette and, humming along with the radio, sped along the
back road while I was hypnotised by those legs, constantly hard.

The car slowed and we turned onto a bumpy side road that was no more than a
track. Slowly, bumping over the track, Leonie drove to a small cabin by a
small creek. It was beautiful, so peaceful and I looked at her in surprise.

"Lunch stop," she said, opening the car door.  My bare feet stumbled in the
dust as she dragged me onto the porch and, after unlocking the door, into
the cabin.

I stood uncertainly in the middle of the small cabin while she pulled the
curtains back and flooded the room with sun light. A bed with an old
fashioned iron bed-head was against one wall, a stone fireplace on another
and a stove, kitchen benches on the other. A wooden table and chairs were in
the centre of the room on a small circular rug.

Leonie pointed over towards the bed. "Over there," she ordered and I
shuffled to the bed, standing by the edge. "Kneel," she snapped and I
lowered myself to my knees.

For a moment, she stood looking down at me, then ruffled my hair. "Are you
hungry?"

"Yes, Miss Purdy," I answered obediently.

"Good," she said as she unzipped her skirt and carefully laid it over a
chair while I gaped at the white lace of her panties, my cock rock hard and
straining.

Smiling, she stood in front of me, her panties inches from my face and I
could see the dark hairs of her pussy through the lace. "I think you�re
ready now, aren�t you?

Ready for what, I thought? I didn�t know but I nodded any way.

"Ready to kiss my panties, boy?" she said softly.

My mouth went dry and my heart pounded. "Yes, Miss Purdy," I whispered.

"And to kiss what�s in my panties?"

"Oh yes, Miss Purdy!"

Her fingers caressed the back of my head and pulled me closer until the
white lace completely filled my vision, her musky aroma sensuously gripping
my senses. "Kiss," she whispered and I pressed my trembling lips against the
lace.

Her intimate perfume overwhelmed me as my lips tentatively kissed the lace,
her warmth flush against my face and my heart pounding in time with my
pulsing cock.

Leonie pushed me away and I felt a sense of loss but not for long. She
turned her back as she walked to the bed and I marvelled at the white line
of lace of her g-string disappearing between the round globes of her perfect
ass.

She smiled and slowly slid the panties down until they were a puddle of
white lace around her high heel shoes. My eyes were drawn to her pink pussy
lips shining wetly through her black pubic hair.

Sighing, Leonie sat on the bed and opened her legs. "Do you like my pussy,
little boy?" she teased.

Frantically, I nodded. "Yes, Miss Purdy."

"It�s wonderful having you naked all the time and under my control. It makes
me wet. Can you see how wet I am?"

"Yes, Miss Purdy," I groaned. "I can see it."

"Do you want to lick me?"

 "Please," I croaked. "Please let me lick you."

Smiling, her long fingers teased her curly black hair. "I�m so horny. Even
your clumsy efforts will take me there."

Leonie fluffed some pillows behind her and settled back, legs wide open.
"Come here, " she ordered softly, pointing at her pussy. "Lick me."

Cock straining, I leaned forward and ran my trembling tongue around her
puffy pussy lips. A long red fingernail pointed. "There," she whispered and
my tongue followed her directions.

Suddenly, a guttural noise escaped her and her hand pulled my face into her
wetness, rubbing herself against my nose and tongue. Her stocking thighs
closed around my head and I soon heard, a muffled groan as she came, body
shaking, legs flexing against my ears.

Slowly, her legs released me and I sat back on my heels, cock hard and my
face slick with her juices, the taste of her on my tongue.

I watched her ass as she strolled across the room and disappeared into a
small bathroom. When she emerged, I looked up at her pussy, framed by the
white garter belt and straps, desperate for relief. "Please," I begged, my
cock trembling. "Please, Miss Purdy, let me cum."

Leonie bent over her bag and fumbled for her cigarettes while I marvelled at
her smooth ass. A wicked smile appear on her face when she noticed me
staring at her ass. "You want to cum? She asked, smoke flowing from her red
lips.

"Please, Miss Purdy," I whimpered, trembling with frustration.

"Will you kiss my ass?" she asked slyly and I gasped as she turned and
rested her hand on the table, her ass facing me. "Do you want to?" Leonie
asked over her shoulder, laughing down at me.

"Yes, Miss Purdy," I mumbled, my sticky face blushing.

"What?" she prompted. "I didn�t hear you."

"I want to kiss your ass," I croaked, cock trembling.

Laughing, her finger motioned me to her ass and I moved forward on my knees
until I was staring up at her ass. "Go on," she urged, giggling, the globes
of her ass wobbling slightly with her movement.

I kissed her ass cheeks several times, my whole body quivering while she
smoked and giggled. The crack of her ass beckoned me and my lips drifted to
it. "Do it," she whispered. "Get your tongue in there."  Almost hypnotised
by the sight and smell of her ass, I pushed my tongue and tasted her ass
hole.

Suddenly, Leonie stood and pushed me away. "That tickles," she giggled,
sitting on the chair and unwrapping some sandwiches from her bag. "Hungry?
You want something more than my pussy or ass?" she teased, a wicked smile on
her face as she munched on a sandwich.

I suddenly realised how hungry I was. "Please, Miss Purdy," I mumbled and
she took a long hot dog roll from the paper bag.

"I�ve got a bread roll for you. Don�t want you getting fat," she laughed.
"Come here." I crawled and knelt in front of her, staring as she opened her
legs. "Here," she said and I crawled closer, my face close to her pussy.

"Would you like some sauce on your roll?" Leonie laughed and I looked at her
in puzzlement. Holding the bread roll in one hand, she delicately parted her
pussy lips with the fingers of the other hand and then, with a sultry wicked
look on her beautiful face, she inserted one end of the roll into her
shining wetness. It was the most erotic sight I had ever seen and my whole
body shuddered with desire.

Giggling, she held the roll to my mouth. "Open wide," she whispered, her
face so close to mine I could feel her hot breath on my cheek. Trembling, I
opened my mouth and she slid part of the roll into my mouth. "Suck it," she
said softly and, staring at her smiling red lips, I sucked.

Her hand lightly brushed my cheek and it was all too much. Her touch sent me
spinning over the edge of orgasm. Groaning through the roll in my mouth, I
shuddered and spurted my cum onto the floor in front of me, my involuntary
pumping a cause of delight for Leonie. Laughing loudly, she removed the
bread roll from my gasping mouth as I hung my head in embarrassment.

"Look," she laughed. "More sauce." I watched, chest heaving in an attempt to
regain my breath, as she wiped up my cum with the bread roll.

"Open wide," Leonie said, a broad smile on her face.

To my shame I did and ate the roll hungrily while she giggled.

I licked her pussy to orgasm twice again in that little cabin until, finally
in the late afternoon, she led me to the creek where she allowed me to
kneel, hands still cuffed and dip my sticky face in the cool clear water.

I stared at my reflection and a subdued, unshaven man with lost eyes looked
back at me. What had I become during the past three days and what would I be
at the end of the long six months that stretched out before me?

Still naked, cock shrivelled and hanging, I slid into the car as directed by
Leonie. She was now strictly formal, hat and sunglasses on and the high heel
shoes replaced by regulation shoes. I knew she had put her panties on
because I had knelt at her feet while she had slid the g-string up and
around her body, the white lace cupping her hairy pussy.

We drove in silence through the back roads, just the radio playing a long
forgotten country song and the rattle of the  car.

After a while, the road turned into black top and we sped into some distant
hills. Occasionally, a big truck drove past and I tried to shrink down into
my seat but to no avail. When they saw me in the front seat, naked and
exposed, they would sound their loud screeching horns.

At last, as twilight fell, Leonie stopped at a pair of double gates in a
high, razor wire fence. Leaving the motor running, she leaned out to an
intercom on the post.

"Deputy Sheriff Purdy," she announced. "Delivering prisoner Lange."

With a twang and a groan, the gates swung inward and Purdy gunned the road
up the hill. I turned to watch the gates close behind me with a sinking
feeling in my gut.

A large building dominated the crest of the hill. Lights in widows and a
search light sweeping across the gravel yard. Leonie stopped the car and
yanked me from my seat, dragging me across the gravel to a dark green door.

Inside the door was a room that had been divided into a cell which Leonie
shoved me into.

"This is where I leave you," she said, looking around. "There�s your bucket.
And there�ll be food in the morning."

"Please, Miss Purdy," I said softly. "Please uncuff me."

She shook her head. "Nope. Rules. You�ll lose those tomorrow." She slammed
the bars shut and stood watching me as I tried to get comfortable on the
bunk.

"See you," she said, the green door closing behind her. After a moment, the
lights flicked off and I was plunged into darkness.

I lay down on my side, naked and cuffed, afraid and wary of my new life in 
Euston. 




Ten Days in Another Town
Day Four

I woke with a start as I heard a siren through the building. Hurriedly, I
scrambled to my feet, nervously looking around. It was just morning but I
couldn�t hear anyone approaching.

Quickly, in case anyone did come, I squatted over the bucket and started to
piss. It was difficult aiming into the bucket without my hands but I managed
to get most of the piss in.

I was still pissing when the green door opened and two women in cool white
uniform dresses stood by the bars, calmly watching me piss. Blushing
furiously, I managed to stop and stand, conscious of my nakedness.

They were about the same height, one with dark hair, the other with blonde
and both had their hair pulled back into a severe buns. The dark haired one
wore steel frame glasses. Dressed in a white uniform with an above the knee
skirt, dark hose and high heels, these two women definitely did not look
like prison guards.

"Have you finished?" the one in the glasses coolly asked and I nodded
sheepishly. She unlocked the door and beckoned to me. "This way." They
turned as if they expected me to follow and, I suppose, I had no choice but
to do exactly that.

Down a corridor and into a room that appeared to be a doctors surgery with
an examination bench in the middle of the room with lights hanging over it.

The woman with the glasses turned to me. "I�m Officer Clara Kent. This is
Officer Jenny Maloney. You will always refer to us as Madam. Understand?"

I knew how to behave now. "Yes, Madam."

"Excellent," Officer Maloney stepped forward, holding a stun gun. "We�re
going to take those cuffs off. We won�t have to use this, will we?" She
arched a thin eyebrow, her white teeth gleaming between the dark red
lipstick of her lips.

"No, Madam."

Kent moved behind me and released my hands. I took a moment to stretch and
it was a relief for my aching arms. "Now," Clara Kent said. "Get up on the
examination bench."

Examination bench? I was puzzled but I was in prison and I wasn�t about to
ask a lot of stupid questions. Especially, when they had a stun gun so I
climbed on the bench and laid down on my back as directed.

Maloney efficiently strapped my forearms down on each side of the bench
while Kent slid a foam rubber device under my neck so my head was raised. I
looked down on my naked body, my cock lolling against my balls, as they
pulled by legs apart and fastened them to the table. In a few short minutes,
I was completely helpless.

Without a backward glance, they left me alone and I lay there I noticed a
large mirror on the ceiling above the table. A naked frightened man stared
back down at me. As I lay there, uncomfortable with my nakedness and
exposure, I wondered what was next.  Obviously, some kind of medical
examination prior to admission into the prison but, why was I lying on this
table?

A few moments later, they returned in surgical gowns. That worried me!
"What�s going on?" I asked and Officer Kent slapped me hard across the face.

As I recoiled in pain, she glared at me. "Do not talk to me like that! You
must always refer to me as Madam! Another outburst like that and I will
apply the stun gun like this!" I looked down my body as she jammed the black
gun hard into my balls. Not that! My whole body cringed at the thought and I
vowed to remain silent, no matter what they did to me.

The door opened and an older woman in a white medical top and a grey skirt
entered. "Good morning," she said and the two women nodded respectful
greetings. "Is the patient ready?"

"Yes, Doctor Rome."

"Good. Shave his groin and his head, please."

I blinked in shock, my mouth opened to protest and I saw the stun gun in
Kent�s hands so I closed it again. I must survive, I angrily, thought, so I
have to keep calm. My hair will grow back.

"Measure him first," Rome directed and to my intense embarrassment, they
measured my limp cock and wrote the findings down on a clipboard.

Both women started clipping my pubic hair and, because of my position, I was
forced to watched as they clipped it quite short. I looked up and saw, in
the mirror, two women leaning over the naked man�s cock. Embarrassed, I felt
my cock  start to rise. Grins appeared on their faces as they noticed.
"Measure it," one of them called and I saw the tape measure put next to my
cock.

"Not much difference," Kent observed as she wrote on the clipboard and I
blushed furiously. I thought I had a normal cock but I was now beginning to
doubt it.

I felt fingers around my cock and saw that Maloney had her hand wrapped
around it. "See," she said loudly, "my hand swallows the little thing up."

"Please get on with it," Doctor Rome said in an exasperated tone and the two
women quickly returned to work. Blushing, I watched as they spread foam over
my cock and balls and then shaved it clean, their hands constantly fondling
me so I remained hard. When they towelled me dry, it was strange to see my
hard cock standing in the middle of a smooth terrain of pink skin.

Satisfied with their work, the two women moved around the table to my head.
The hum of clippers drew my eyes to the mirror and I watched them as my hair
fell away in large dark clumps. Tears formed in my eyes as I stared up at
the naked man in the mirror with his hair reduced to stubble. In the corner,
the red light on the security camera glowed.

Foam was applied to the stubble on my skull. "Keep still," I was warned and
they shaved my head completely clean. I blinked back the tears at the
reflected image of my pink smooth dome and my bald groin.

The women stood back and admired their handiwork and I heard a giggle.
Doctor Rome put a tray on the table and bent of my groin, sliding a gold
bracelet like object around my balls, close to my body. A quick flash of
heat and I flinched. "There," Rome said. "It�s sealed and won�t come off."
She looked at the other women. "The wrists now, please."

Kent and Maloney positioned themselves at my hands and a thin copper like
band was fastened around each wrist. A flash of heat again and they were
also sealed.

Doctor Rome stood behind my head and I saw the flash of a scalpel and winced
as I felt a sharp pain behind my left ear. Her rubber gloves pushed and
prodded, causing me to cry out in pain.

Finally, she applied a dressing and peeled her gloves off. "You can release
him now."

Woozily, I stood, embarrassed at my exposure as I felt, with my newly shaved
groin and head, even more naked. "Please, Madam," I asked meekly. "Could I
have some clothes?"

Officer Kent shook her head. "No," she said sharply. "This is a women�s
institution. We have no clothes for you here." The shock must have showed on
my face because she laughed. "You have nothing to hide here."

Doctor Rome packed her things up and walked to the door. "Bye ladies," she
said, over her shoulder.

"Goodbye, Doctor," they chorused, watching the door close.

"Now," Officer Kent said. "A demonstration. See this?" My eyes followed her
painted fingernail to see a small metallic object on her belt. "All guards
have these." She pressed a button on the object and a fiery pain enveloped
my balls.

"Agh!!!" I cried out and, thankfully, the pain ceased as I rubbed my
tingling bald balls.

"Put your hands on your head," Maloney ordered sharply and, slowly, I did
while they pressed another button on their controllers.

"Now," Kent said, a slight smile on her red lips. "Touch your cock." I moved
my hand towards my cock and when my hand approached my groin, the pain
returned. "Aggh!" I cried out. I jerked my hand away and the pain ceased.

"Good," Maloney smiled. "It works. You can�t touch your cock without the
controls being altered. Have to stop you playing with yourself, now!. If you
behave, we may let you have a treat every now and again." They laughed and I
blushed. I couldn�t even hold my own cock.

"Please Madam," I asked. "My ear. What did the doctor do to me?"

"Just a capsule that drips chemical into your system to make you docile.
That�s all," Kent explained dismissively. "Officer Maloney, please show him
the bathroom where he can shave. The regulations here stipulate you must
shave every day. Face, head and groin. Understand?"

"Yes Madam." I said, resigned to my new life, though I didn�t understand
just how I was going to shave my groin with the wristlets operating.

The bathroom was small, shower, basin and toilet. Maloney watched me as I
shaved my face with the electric shaver connected to the wall, smiling as I
warily kept my hands away from my waist. The gold ring around the top of my
ball sac was not uncomfortable but I could feel it, especially when my balls
tightened against my body.

My dark hair had always been one of my best features, now it was gone and
all I had left was a shining pink dome. I felt ridiculous and humiliated.

Maloney showed me to a small room with a bunk and told me to wait. The
camera high on the wall blinked at me and I knew they were watching me and
any attempt to escape of infringe any of the prison regulations would result
in the gold ball ring being used. I didn�t want that pain again.

I sat on the bunk and, a few moments later, a black woman in a grey smock
entered, carrying a tray with food on it. I leapt to my feet and blushed as
she looked me up and down, a broad smile on her face.

"You look like a big baby. Cute." I couldn�t hide my genitals as I couldn�t
move my hands in front of my groin without pain so I had to stand fully
exposed. "I�m Sammie. Here�s your food. You�re not allowed any knives or
forks so you have to use your hands." She was a smallish woman, short curly
black hair and a wide smile.

I ate hungrily while she watched. When I finished, she told me to stand up
and she bent over to look at my balls. "There it is," she said, looking at
the gold ring. "A handy little thing. Keeps a man in check." Sammie laughed
and her fingers brushed my cock. "Must be difficult for you not to be able
to touch this little thing." Her fingers ran along my cock and I was hard in
a second. "Would you like me to give you a quick hand job?" she teased,
fingers lightly tickling my balls as she looked into my eyes.

"Yes, please Madam," I mumbled. Sammie laughed loudly, her fingers dropping
away and leaving me with a throbbing hard cock.

"I�m not a Madam. Do I look like one of those bitches in white?"  She looked
down at my twitching cock. "You white guys have got small ones, haven�t
you." Sammie picked up the tray and walked out, leaving me frustrated and
hard.

I was still hard when Kent stood in the doorway. "Follow me," she said,
smiling at my hard cock. I watched her ass move in her white uniform and her
legs as she walked.

We entered a room with a large television and a row of chairs in front of
hit. "Sit there," Kent pointed at the chairs so I sat down, carefully
keeping my hands on the arm rests. Maloney walked in and perched on a chair,
legs crossed and one shoe dangling from her foot. The sheer black nylon
gleamed in the light.

"Dialling in now," Kent said from behind me and the screen flickered on. I
noticed a small camera on top of the TV moved to look at me.

The screen burst into life and I gasped in shock. Verity sat at her desk,
smiling at me. Her long red hair touched the shoulders of the white silk
blouse she was wearing.

"Hello, Jerry darling," she purred. "Lovely to see you."

"Verity!" I exclaimed, shocked and humiliated at her seeing me like this.

Maloney leaned forward, finger menacingly on the controller on her belt.
"You will refer to Miss Langton as Mistress."

"I like that," Verity smiled. "Mistress. Say it, Jerry," she said, her voice
harder.

"Mistress," I mumbled and she laughed softly.

"Wonderful. It�s Mistress, Jerry because I own you. I can do what I like
with you. Do you like the modifications so far?" I blushed furiously and
Verity laughed loudly. "I love the bald head. It�s fantastic. I�ve enjoyed
watching all the tapes."

"Mistress," I said softly, tears pricking my eyes. "Why?"

"Because I can, darling. The advantages of money. You fucked around on me
once too often and nobody does that to Verity Langton! I was just going to
have you killed but Marilyn Rome had some suggestions." Verity laughed.
"Suggestions I liked."

Verity spun in her office chair and lit a cigarette, the city skyline
silhouetted behind her. "It was beautifully planned, Jerry. Cost me a lot
but it was worth it. None of it was real, not even my vacation,
unfortunately. No police, no court. You�ve been taken for a ride. And I�m
the one driving!" She laughed again.

"You�ve probably guessed you�re not in prison. You�re in one of my
facilities where your behaviours will be modified. I believe there�s been
some changes all ready," she smirked. "Show me, Jenny," Verity said.

"Kneel," Maloney said, pointing at the floor in front of her dangling shoe.
I looked up at her, keeping my hands behind my back.

"Gorgeous," came Verity�s comment from the screen.

"Kiss my feet," Jenny commanded and I leaned forward, my lips kissing the
shiny leather. Behind me, I heard Verity�s laughter and a wave of
humiliation swept over me.

"Show me the ring," Verity said.

"Turn around," Jenny ordered and I did, exposing my naked crotch to the
camera.

"Yes," Verity laughed. "I see it. So naked and smooth now, Jerry. More like
a baby than a man." Her eyes narrowed. "Demonstrate the ring, Jenny.

I looked at her in horror, trying to form words of protest when the pain hit
my balls. "Aagghhh!!" I screamed, rolling on the floor.

Finally, it stopped and I lay panting on the floor, tears streaming from my
eyes.

"Sensational," Verity chortled. "Fantastic. I can�t wait to get my hands on
that." A shiver ran through me at those words.

"Jerry darling," Verity said. "Keel in front of me." Scrambling onto my
knees quickly in case they used the controller again, I looked into the
image of Verity�s hard eyes.  "I may let you out of there soon. Maybe not. I
�ve ordered more modifications from Marilyn and I can�t wait to see them."
Her eyes glinted as she stared down at me. "I haven�t decided whether to
have you castrated yet or not." She laughed when she saw the look of fear on
my face. "You�ll just have to wait." Her image flicked a switch and the
screen darkened.

"On your feet, " Kent said. "Time for your exercise program."

The day ended early with me collapsing on my bunk after a meagre meal and
exhausted from the long hours of exercising. At least they had turned the
controller off so I could move my hands freely while I exercised.

Verity was a tough minded person, a self-made billionaire that cared little 
for people, especially those who had the temerity to oppose her. Now, she had 
me where she wanted and I knew she was capable of anything. I felt very afraid. 




Ten Days in Another Town
Day Five

There were no windows in my little room so it was difficult to know the time
of day. However, I didn�t need the morning sun to wake me as the sound of a
siren blasted me awake.

Stumbling to my feet, I blinked as the lights suddenly flashed on and looked
around, confused and disorientated. Throughout the night, I had slept with
my hands over my head with only one during the night  incident that caused
pain to my balls.

The door opened and Clara Kent strode in. Her fingers moved on her belt and
I screamed with pain. Mercifully, it was just a short burst.

"You will always be on your knees when a woman enters the room." Quickly, I
scrambled to my knees, looking up at her. Today she wore a short grey skirt,
dark stockings, black high heels and a white smock. Her glasses glinted in
the harsh light and her dark hair hung loose to her shoulders.

"Run to the bathroom, shave your face and head, shower and run back here.
You have five minutes."

Frantically, I ran down the corridor, quickly shaved, dashed under the
shower  and ran back, still a little wet. Clara was looking at her watch as
I fell to my knees in front of her. "Just made it," she said.

Sammie walked in with a tray, grinning when she saw me on the floor. "I�ll
just leave it here," she said, giggling as she placed the tray on the floor
in front of me.

Clara pointed at the bunk as she snapped rubber gloves on. "Lie on the
bunk." I looked up at her as she held a battery powered razor in her hands.
"Legs apart." Embarrassed, I spread my legs and Clara quickly removed the
stubble from my groin. As she did, my cock rose to attention and Sammie,
watching from the end of the bed, laughed.

"Pay attention," Clara snapped to Sammie. "You�ll be doing this from
tomorrow until his behaviour is modified completely."

"I can shave," Sammie said. "I can do that. It�s not hard. Though, he is,"
she added, laughing.

Clara snapped the gloves off and handed the shaver to Sammie. "Here. For
tomorrow. Right," she turned to me, "you may eat." I slipped to the floor
and started picking the fruit up with my hands when I felt another extreme
blast of pain to my balls.

"Aggh!" I screamed, looking up at her when it finally stopped.

"No hands," she said calmly. "Use only your mouth and tongue."

With both women watching, broad smiles on their faces, I knelt over the tray
and lapped the food up like the animal I had become.

"Obedient, isn�t he," observed Sammie.

Clara tapped the controller. "This is a wonderful persuader. Soon, we won�t
need it."

I followed Clara to same room where I had endured the video conference with
Verity and was left on my knees in the centre of the room, facing a desk.

A few moments later, the Doctor appeared, dressed in a similar fashion to
Clara. "I�m Marilyn Rome," she said calmly. "You will address me as Madam.
Do you have a problem with that?"

I eyed the controller on her belt. "No, Madam," I said quickly as she sat
behind her desk.

"Let me explain what will happen. You are going to learn new skills and
acquire new behaviours. You have no choice in any of this. Your opinion will
not be sought and any attempt to object or fight back will be treated
harshly. You have no rights and you are regarded to be on the same level as
a pet dog. Understand?"

"Yes, Madam," I said, my stomach churning as I looked up at this powerful
woman.

"Good. Sit in the chair facing the screen." As I scrambled into the chair,
she continued. "I understand you are not very effective at cunnilingus." I
furrowed my brow in puzzlement. "Pussy licking," she explain, exasperated.
"Going down. Giving head. Whatever, but you aren�t good at it! Is that
correct?"

I lowered my head. "Yes, Madam."

"I thought so. Watch the screen." For the next hour, I watched a clinical
discussion on female sensuality and genitals. Embarrassed, I stole a look at
Marilyn Rome who appear not at all fussed by it at all and was doing some
paperwork.

Suddenly, on the screen a demonstration by a young male on how to lick a
pussy to cause orgasm. "Watch this carefully, "Doctor Rome snapped. She didn
�t have to tell me, my cock was rock hard and I was shifting uncomfortably
in my seat.

Marilyn switched the set off and looked down at me. "You�re hard. Did that
arouse you?"

Blushing, I nodded. "Yes, Madam."

"Good. Kneel." As I did she walked to a cupboard, took something out and
returned. Placing an object of the chair, I was shocked to see it was a
faithful reproduction, made out of some kind plastic, of a woman�s pussy!

"Hands behind your back. Now, remember what you�ve seen. Start licking
here," her pointer indicated the spot. After an hour, my jaws and tongue
were aching but she did not allow me any rest.

Clara and Jenny wandered through and, to my humiliation, watched while I
licked the plastic pussy. When I was not performing satisfactorily, I
received a short burst on the controller and that certainly focussed my
efforts.

"Right," Marilyn said while I crouched with a hard on and burning balls. "He
�s at the first level. Who�s got him now?"

"Me," Clara said quickly. I followed Clara�s swinging ass in the grey skirt
down the corridor to an elevator and Clara punched the buttons. The elevator
walls were mirrored and I cringed in embarrassment at my naked reflection,
shorn head and groin with a clearly exposed pointing erection.

Clara saw my discomfort and smiled. "Never mind, puppy. You�ll get used to
it. All of it."  The doors opened and we were in a brighter cleaner area of
the building. She unlocked a door in the corridor and I followed her into
what appeared to be a small apartment, like a hotel room.

I saw her fingers on the controller and I quickly knelt. Smiling, she sat on
the edge of the bed and I gazed at her legs in the sheer nylon as she
slipped her shoes off. "Now, for another lesson. You must always ask
permission, puppy. We like it, it�s sexy. So, you start at the feet." I
leaned forward and received a short blast from the controller.

She glared at me as I writhed in pain. "Didn�t you hear what I said, you
pathetic fool! Ask! Every step of the way! Now, get up!"

"Please, Madam," I asked, trembling on my knees, "May I kiss your feet?" I
waited, staring intently at her hands and the controller.

"You may, little puppy," she giggled and I leaned forward, hands behind my
back so I wouldn�t give myself a burst of pain and gently kissed her feet.

"Mm," she murmured. "Good little puppy. Now, suck my toes." Humiliated, I
slipped the nylon toes of one foot into my mouth and sucked. Clara laughed.
"That tickles. Kiss my knees."

My cock was throbbing as I kissed her knees, my lips running over the sheer
black nylon of her hose. Her legs drifted apart and I found myself staring
up her grey skirt and the blackness of her panties. The sight of the black
lace stocking tops jolted my cock and I felt I was on the edge of orgasm.

My eyes were drawn to the white flesh between the stocking tops and her
black lace panties and a delicate finger pointed to her stocking tops. I had
learnt my lesson.

"Please, Madam, may I kiss your stocking tops?" I croaked and I was rewarded
with a little giggle instead of a blast of pain.

"Yes, puppy." My lips closed on the nylon lace and I could feel the warmth
of her skin against my cheek and smell the intimate perfume of her pussy.
Her legs widened and she hitched her skirt up, a red fingernail against the
black of her panties gave me direction.

"Madam, can I kiss your panties?" I asked, my voice breaking with the
unrelieved tension.

"Yes, puppy," she breathed and I sank my face into the wet warmth of her
panties, her perfume surrounding my senses, my whole being.

Suddenly, she pushed me back and I rested on my heels, cock pulsing as she
stood up. "You�re going well for the first part," she said, unzipping her
skirt and laying it over the bed. I marvelled at the sight. White medical
smock, black garter belt, black lace panties and sheer black stockings.

"Take my panties off," she ordered and, my hands trembling with the
frustration, I reach up and gently eased the black lace panties down around
her ankles. I could see her wet pussy lips, puffy with desire, shiny pinkly
through her dark pubic hair.

Clara sat on the bed, took her glasses off, placing them on a bedside table
and then spread her legs. She looked down at me through heavy lidded eyes.
"Well?" she whispered.

"Please Madam," I croaked, my voice cracking with desire. "May I lick your
pussy?"

She nodded briefly and, with a sigh, sank back onto the bed, her legs
splayed for my attention. Recalling my lessons, I gently ran my tongue over
her lips and her thighs. I followed on, licking, nibbling and kissing and I
was rewarded with faint sighs above me.

My face wet with her juices, her taste dominating my sense, I increased the
tempo of my darting tongue as I explored her musky creases, folds and fleshy
tunnel until she suddenly stiffened, legs crushing my ears as she bucked to
orgasm, groaning her release.

Tenderly, I licked up her juices, cleaning the wetness until she pushed me
away.

"Acceptable," she said, reaching down for her panties. "You may leave and
wait in your room."

My cock was pulsing hungrily, in need, but she ignored it and I, dejectedly,
walked out of the room. My cock moved maddeningly as I walked down the
corridor to the elevator. Soon I was in my room, waiting, desperate for
relief.

Sammie walked in with a tray of food and I quickly fell to my knees.

"Been in training, eh," she said, putting the tray on the floor. "I can
smell the bitch on you from here." She leaned against the wall, watching me.
"Ok, eat."

Remembering last time, I slurped like an animal and Sammie giggled as I
snorted and licked my way through the food. Cautiously, I wiped my mouth and
looked up at her.

Sammie had a harsh smile on her black face. "They�ve got you, haven�t they,"
she said. "They�re going turn you into their puppy dog and there ain�t a
thing you can do about it!"

I blinked. She was right. There was nothing I could do about any of this, I
was totally under their control. Here I was naked, shorn head, shaven groin
, crawling on the floor with a hard on and eating food like a dog. Sadness
enveloped me, and I blinked back the bitter tears.

She reached out and slammed the door shut. With a quick movement, she slid
her smock up revealing her naked pussy with its sparse black hairs. "Well,
puppy dog, it�s been a while so lick on this. And if you don�t do a good
job, I�ll tell those bitches you tried to rape me." Sammie smiled coldly. "I
�d guess they�d cut your balls off for that. Lick!"

Panicking, I shuffled to her and forced my face against the smooth black
skin of her groin. A firm hand pushed me away and she strode to the bunk,
sitting down with legs spread. "Might as well get comfortable. C�mon, boy,"
she called. "get your white tongue over here and lick on some black pussy."

And I did.

My tongue, pink and fleshy against the blackness of her smooth skin, probed
and pushed into her crevasses and folds, tasting her juices and tantalising
her to new heights.

My whole body was straining with the urge to cum, teetering on the edge but
unable even to lightly touch my cock. A prisoner in an invisible jail.

Gasping, swearing and calling some man�s name out, Sammie came, legs
clamping my head deep into her juices. With disdain, she threw me back and
left me grovelling on the floor as she pulled her skirt down.

Without a backward glance, she left me on the floor, desperate with need, my
cock pulsing, throbbing and straining to cum. I heard the door slam and I
yearned for some relief. Desperately, I pushed my cock against the bunk and
tried to rub against the rough blanket, my pelvis thrusting obscenely in and
out.

"What are you doing!" Clara�s voice penetrated my fog of lust and, then,
that terrible pain hit my balls.

"Aagh!!" I screamed, rolling on the floor in agony but, somewhere in the
back of my mine, was the thought that at least this would destroy my hard on
and my urgent desire to cum.

"Exercise time, puppy," she laughed at my prostrate body. "Not the kind of
exercise you�d like.

I spent the rest of the day exercising and, that night after my short meal, 
I collapsed into a deep sleep with haunting dreams of fucking a bodiless plastic 
pussy.




Ten Days in Another Town
Day Six

Sammie found me waiting on my knees when she bustled in and, without a word,
she beckoned me to follow, leading me to the bathroom.

Blushing, I looked at the toilet and Sammie smiled. "Go ahead," she said and
I did, much to my shame and embarrassment.

The shock of my smooth head hit me once again as I stared at my reflection.
It was another person, someone I did not know.

After shaving my head and face, I showered and then followed Sammie back to
the room where she told me to lay on the bunk, legs spread wide. Whistling
tunelessly, she used the portable razor to eliminate the stubble on my
groin. My cock rose at her light touch and I yearned for relief as her
fingers teasingly brushed against my straining cock.

Ignoring my hard cock, Sammie instructed me to eat and I crouched on the
floor, munching the food while she sat on the bunk. When I looked up, I saw
her legs were spread apart, white panties in her hand.

"Come on," she said, gesturing at her black pussy. "You�ve got five minutes
to get me there."

I crawled to her and began my now familiar task, licking, nibbling and
probing with my tongue, extracting a few soft moans and sighs until, juices
running down my smooth face, she came.

"Getting better all the time," she said, pushing me away. "Ok," she said,
struggling into her panties. "Get your sorry ass upstairs to room twelve.
Knock and enter when told, on your knees. Quickly. Run."

Cock hard, flopping wildly, I ran to the elevator and drove it to the second
floor. Frantically, I searched for the correct room. Sighing with relief, I
knocked on the door and waited.

"Come in, puppy," a female voice said and I crawled in to a bedroom. Jenny
Maloney was in the bed, hair loose and spread over the pillows that propped
her up. Her large breasts rose and fell in a filmy white top, the rest of
her obscured by the blankets. My eyes fell on the controller in her hand.

"The correct way for you to enter a woman�s bed is from the foot and under
the blankets. Do not let your cock touch the linen. You cum," she warned,
"and you�ll receive pain you�ll never forget."

Gingerly, I crawled under the blankets, my ass high in the air to avoid
contact my hard cock with the smooth bed linen, as I knew, if my cock
touched it, I would cum.

I crawled between her spread legs and, in the musty confines of the bed, I
could smell her sweet perfume of her pussy. "Please Madam," I called from
under the blankets. "May I lick you?"

"You may," came her imperious reply, muffled slightly from the blankets and,
once again, I commenced my task, my stiff cock trembling with desire.

In the darkness, I could just make out the wonder of her pussy, the light
coloured pubic hair that had been shaved into a narrow strip and the wet
full lips. I felt the blankets move and a sudden rush of light and cool air
on my ass told me my bottom half was now clearly exposed while above my
waist was covered by the blankets as I focussed on my task.

I heard the door open and I inwardly cringed in embarrassment but dared not
stop. The rattle of cups and a female voice.

"Is that nice?" A slight giggle.

"A wonderful way to wake up," Jenny said.

"I�ll leave your breakfast here. Puppy looks like he�s got his mouth full."
A tinkling laugh and I wondered who it was. The door closed and soon, Jenny
was moaning above me and rushed to a wet orgasm. Absurdly, I was proud of
myself.

"Out," she snapped and I slid out of the bed, careful not to touch the linen
with my cock, and knelt next to the bed, looking up at her.

"Please, Madam," I begged. "Can I cum?"

"Not yet," she said dismissively. "You haven�t earned it."

Haven�t earned it, my mind screamed! Three women and I haven�t earned it? I
wanted to punch her in the nose as the anger bubbled in me, anger at what
they had done to me and what they were continuing to do.

"You fucking bitch!" I screamed, raising my arm to strike her. She flicked
the controller, the pain hit me like a torpedo to the balls and I writhed in
agony for what seemed like hours.

Maloney slid out of the bed, her nightgown falling around her thighs, the
controller in her hand. "So, not that docile any more?" she said.

"I�m sorry, Madam," I whimpered, tears in my eyes, wishing I could cradle my
balls.

"Oh, you don�t know how sorry," she said coldly and her finger tightened on
the controller. Wave upon wave of red tinged pain rolled over me until I
collapsed into unconsciousness.

I slowly came around, groaning and whimpering as I remembered the pain,
lying on the floor of another room.  Blinking, I recoiled in shock as I saw
CJ and Leonie seated in two chairs across the room. Both were in dresses and
both were casually smoking, watching me.

CJ crossed her long legs. "Looks like he�s back."

Leonie smiled. "Welcome back. Guess you know the rules by now. You speak
when spoken to and you call us madam. Got it?"

"Yes, Madam," I croaked.

"You�ve been a naughty puppy," CJ observed. "Very naughty. Upset one of the
medical staff. Can�t have that. God knows they cost us enough."

"Puppy has to be punished," Leonie smiled. " Puppy has to be fixed." Horror
ran through me at those words and I remembered Verity�s threat of
castration. They wouldn�t! Would they?

The door opened and Marilyn Rome swept in, followed by Kent and Maloney. "it
�s just a little set back," Marilyn announced calmly. "He�s been driven mad
by the sexual frustration."

"I thought that was the idea?" CJ said lazily, smoke twirling around her
regal face. She crossed her legs again, the slight rasp of nylon against
nylon and my cock stirred at the sound and the sight of her long legs in
shiny hose.

"Look, he�s getting hard again," Leonie giggled. "Just from a little show of
leg."

"He will learn his place in a while," Rome said. "The breaking down process
takes time."

CJ continued to stare at me. "We don�t have time. You�ve been too gentle."

"I wouldn�t say that," protested Marilyn Rome.

"I would!" CJ snapped. "I�ve spoken to Miss Langton. She wants the
additional modifications brought forward. Now." As I listened, I whimpered
in fear but they ignored me.

"If you insist," Marilyn Rome said stiffly. "Clara and Jenny. Please get him
ready."

They each took one of my arms and, sick with fear, I meekly let them lead me
to the examination table.

Jenny Maloney showed me the controller, eyes glinting. "Just disobey me
once," she warned. "Just give me an excuse." I shivered and lowered my head,
trying to escape her eyes. "Up on the table," she said and I climbed up.

They strapped me down and I looked up at the mirror, praying they weren�t
going to castrate me.

A flat metal collar was fixed to my neck and, with that little flash of
heat, was sealed. I knew it was permanent, just like the ring around my
balls.

"Open wide," Rome said, pressing my jaws apart. A small round, hollow
cylinder was pushed into my mouth, my tongue guided through it before it
rested against my teeth. Rome moved an instrument into my mouth and I felt a
sharp pain and then heat again.

"There," she said with satisfaction. My eyes widened with horror when I
realised my mouth was permanently open, a constant  round hole with my
tongue in the centre. I panicked when I tried to swallow. "Relax," Rome
said. "Just focus on swallowing and you�ll be all right."

CJ walked into view and looked down at me. "Say hello, puppy," she said.

"Ullahh,"I listened to my garbled sounds in horror as the women burst into
laughter.

Leonie, laughing loudly, patted me on my bald head. "Puppies don�t talk,"
she giggled.

Rome produced a long forceps style instrument and seized my tongue.
Trembling, I watched her prepare piercing needles and tried to call out in
unintelligible protests when she calmly pierced my tongue and inserted three
round headed studs in a row down the tongues centre towards the tip. It was
painful but not unbearable.

"Saw it in Thailand," CJ told the group. "Increases the pleasure of the
woman. Great idea, isn�t it?" I watched the group of women nod in agreement,
my tongue feeling thick and heavy.

Jenny leaned forward, a cold smile on her lips as she used an electric razor
to remove my eyebrows. I looked up at my reflection and started to panic. I
didn�t look human, it was like I was looking at an obscene alien!

Rome looked up at CJ. "The ring?"

CJ nodded coolly. "Yup. Let�s not stop now."

With a quick motion, Marilyn Rome pierced my nose and I tried to cry out but
a gurgle was all that leapt from my open mouth. A gold ring was pushed
through the pierced nostril and sealed shut. A naked, skinned animal looked
down at me from the ceiling mirror, a small tear escaping from its eye.

Efficiently, Rome pierced both ear lobes and inserted ear rings with small
silver bells hanging from them, like the kind used on pet birds.

Clara and Jenny released the straps. Relief flooded over me, they weren�t
going to cut my balls off!

They pushed me to the floor and I rested there. "Get up," commanded CJ and I
unsteadily rose. When I reached crouching height I was hit by another wave
of pain and I immediately dropped to the floor amidst the laughter from the
watching women.

"Ain�t that a bitch," Leonie said. "Puppy can�t stand up!"

"Guess you got to stay on all fours," sneered Jenny, revenge clearly on her
agenda.

"Your neck must not be higher than the controllers," advised Rome. "Keep
your head below our waist level and you�ll be pain free." I realised then I
was destined to scuttle along the floor like an animal.

CJ clipped a light chain to my nose ring." Come on, puppy," she said. "Time
for a walk." The women laughed, even Doctor Rome had a smile on her face as
I scuttled along side CJ like a chimpanzee.

As she led me down the corridor, I realised it would be better to crawl on
all fours and I did, her skirt brushing against me as she walked. I felt so
powerless and so humiliated, reduced to an animal, a plaything for these
hard women.

We entered a small library, the walls covered with volumes of books and some
stacked on a reading desk. CJ sat at the desk and smiled down at me. "One of
Miss Langton�s favourite positions for you will be under the desk. Move
there now."

Crawling under the desk, my mouth wide open, I was greeted with the sight of
CJ�s long legs in sheer nylon. My cock throbbed as she slid her skirt up and
opened her legs. She was wearing pantihose without panties and I could see
her sparse blonde pubic hair pressed against the nylon.

"Get to it," she snapped and I pressed my open mouth to the nylon and moved
my tongue with its three studs against her. My tongue hurt but I managed to
keep at it.

Above me, I heard the phone being used. "Hello, Miss Langton. CJ here. Yes,
modifications implemented as instructed." A small laugh." Yes, I�m trying it
out now. Yes, under the desk. All right."

The handpiece of the phone was pushed under the desk and pressed against me
ear. "Hello, Jerry darling," Verity�s voice sounded in my ear. "I know you
can�t talk," she giggled. "And you�ve got your mouth full." A shrill peal of
laughter and I blinked a tear away as I desperately tried to lick CJ�s pussy
through the nylon. "I�m looking forward to trying out those studs myself.
Tell CJ I�ve finished."

I pulled my face away and tried to talk. "Uughuuhg," the garbled sounds
echoed in my ear and I heard Verity burst into loud laughter down the line.

CJ pulled the phone up, said goodbye and hung up. Her hand pushed me away
and she stood up, pulled her pantyhose off and sat down again, her legs wide
apart. Without waiting for her instructions, I buried my face in her
glistening pussy and used the flat of my tongue and the studs to titillate
her clitoris while my hard cock throbbed endlessly in denial.

It didn�t take too long and she gushed into a powerful orgasm, her juices
slick on my hairless head. CJ pushed the chair out, stood and moved to the
centre of the room.

"Come here," she demanded and I knelt in front of her. "With the separator
in your mouth, your food will be in liquid form. Let�s test it." Her finger
grabbed my nose ring and pulled my open mouth hard against her pussy while
the other finger rested on the controller. "Don�t move," she warned. "And
don�t spill a drop."

Without warning, I felt her urine splash down my throat and I started to
panic. "Swallow," she said. "Focus on the swallowing." I was crying as I
swallowed her pee, crying from this ultimate humiliation. When she stopped,
she said, "Lick me clean," and I used my tongue to take the last drops of
her piss from her pussy.

"Good," she said, smiling with satisfaction as she straightened her skirt.
"Lie there, puppy," she said, pointing at a mat in front of an empty
fireplace. Weary, ashamed and the tears drying on my face, I laid down on
the mat and curled into a ball, careful to keep my hands away from my
throbbing groin.

That was how I spent my day, resting on the mat until a broth was placed in
front of me and, much to the amusement of  Sammie, I lapped it up with my
tongue.

Towards evening, I was ordered under the desk once again and another pussy
slid into my view. I didn�t know who it was but I licked her to orgasm once
again. The studs did help but my jaws were aching at being forced open for
so long and I hoped they would take pity on me and remove the separator.

They didn�t and left me on the mat in front of the cold fireplace and I
managed a fitful and nightmare ridden sleep.




Ten Days in Another Town
Day Seven 

Slowly, I dragged myself awake as the morning sun streamed in through the
library window. No sirens or flickering lights in this part of the building,
just the warmth of the summer sun. My jaws ached and there was a wet patch
on the mat where I had drooled during the night, a result of my mouth being
held open all night by the separator. My cock was hard, a combination of the
continual sexual denial I had been forced to endure and the morning need to
piss.

I heard footsteps and felt a foot kick me in the ass. Turning, I saw CJ,
dressed in blue jeans and a white T-shirt, staring down at me. "Time to wake
up, boy," she growled and, noticing the controller on her belt, I quickly
scrambled onto all fours.

I sensed someone else in the doorway, turned to look, my ear rings tinkling
and was stunned. A young girl, probably about seventeen, stood in the
doorway, dressed in a simple checked skirt and a large, ribbed cotton
sweater.

She was achingly beautiful. Long blonde hair, pert breasts in the blouse and
bare legs with white sox and hiking boots. Her eyes travelled over me and
she smiled. There seemed to be an innocent air about her, combined with an
all knowing guile when she smiled. And what a smile - perfect, fresh,
brilliant, wonderful and simply beautiful.

I looked away, embarrassed that this young beautiful woman could see me like
this, see me in the state I had been reduced to. A mental image of myself
filled my mind and I cringed inwardly in humiliation. Shaven head, eyebrows
and groin, mouth held open by the separator displaying my pierced tongue,
ring through my nose and ear rings with tiny bells.

"Sleep well?" CJ smirked. "Too bad," she said. "This is Jana, my niece. She�
s a little curious. She wants to have a look at you. Right, Jana?"

Jana smiled and I was dazzled by that sweet smile, my cock throbbing.
"Sure," she said in a soft voice.

CJ stared coldly at me. "She has a controller, puppy, but if you do anything
to hurt her in anyway, I will personally cut your balls off!" I shrank back
from her, knowing she was more than capable of doing what she threatened.

"I�ll be back." She glared at me then stalked off, bending down to peck Jana
on the cheek as she passed.

Jana walked slowly over to me and squatted down to examine me. Desperately,
I pushed my head to the floor, whimpering, bells tinkling, in an effort to
get my collar below her waist. She smiled at me. "Don�t worry, puppy," she
said sweetly. "Look," she said, pointing at the controller fastened to a
gold chain, hanging between her breasts.

Her gentle hand patted my shaven head. "Can you talk?" she asked and I shook
my head. "Poor puppy," she pouted and my cock surged again. "Roll over," she
said and I rolled onto my back, exposing my hard cock and shaven balls.
Embarrassed, I watched as she bent down to examine my genitals. "Cute," she
pronounced and I blushed.

"You�re hard," she giggled. "Boys are so easy to tease when they�re hard.
They beg me to play with their cocks." She smiled mischievously at me and my
cock twitched. "I bet you�d beg me for a hand job, wouldn�t you?" she
teased, that beautiful smile shining on me.

"Uggh!" I tried to talk, saliva dripping from my mouth.

She laughed softly and shifted her position and I realised that, in her
squatting position, I could see her white panties. Jana knew where I was
looking and her blue eyes sparkled. "Naughty, puppy," she whispered.
"Looking at my panties." Her quick fingers caught my tongue, pulled it out
so she could examine the studs. "Cool!" she exclaimed.

"Come on, puppy," she said, picking up the chain and clicking it to my nose
ring. "Time for a walk." I followed her on all fours, ear bells tinkling and
my hard cock twitching as she led me by the light chain connected to my nose
ring.

Down the corridor, left into another one and she unlocked a door, leading me
in as she flicked the lights on. It was a girls bedroom and I guessed it was
hers.

She squatted down to remove the chain, providing me with a clear view of the
plain white panties. "I�m supposed to take you for a walk," she said, her
sparkling blue eyes looking deep into mine, "but you won�t tell any one,
will you?"  Jana smiled that beautiful smile and I knew I would do anything
for her.

Still smiling, she kicked her boots off, peeled the sox off and slipped her
top over her head. Jana wasn�t wearing a bra and I gazed at her tight
breasts and nipples. The gold chain with the controller swinging in front of
her, Jana unzipped her skirt and dropped it on the floor. My cock was
pounding as I stared at her in her white cotton panties.

"Ready?" she teased, that beautiful smile and her fingers slipped the
panties down. I could feel my eyes bulging as I realised her pussy was
completely clean shaven. "Aunt CJ would be a surprised," she giggled.

Reclining on the bed, she idly fingered her pussy and I could see she was
all ready wet. "Boys don�t know how to do it," she said softly, her long
blonde hair falling to her breasts. "They spurt too quickly as well," she
laughed. "I overheard Aunt CJ talking. You know how to lick, don�t you?"
Jana teased, her eyes sparkling and that wonderful grin across her face.

Eagerly, I nodded, bells tinkling. A delicious feeling of humiliation swept
over me and my cock throbbed. I wanted to abase myself to this young
goddess, to be her willing servant and, intuitively, Jana seemed to know
that.

I trembled as my studded tongue tenderly swept over her shaven mound,
teasing her naked pouting lips and exploring the pink wetness of her pussy.
"Ooooh," she giggled, "that�s nice."

Encouraged, I applied my tongue and my newly learned skills. As her young
juices flowed over my open mouth, Jana rocked on my tongue and exploded into
a hot, furious orgasm, her naked breasts heaving.

After a moment, she got dressed and I watched that magnificent, bald pussy
disappear into those plain cotton panties. I whimpered, trying to draw her
attention to my straining cock, desperate for what I had been denied for so
long.

As she brushed her hair back, she smiled down at me. "I can�t do it, puppy,"
she apologises. "Aunt CJ has plans and you can�t cum yet. I�m sorry, puppy,"
Jana said softly and I felt tears running down my distended cheeks as my
whole body trembled with urgent desire.

Crouching down, she brushed my tears away. "Poor puppy," she said and kissed
my head with her full red lips. I quivered with need, on the brink and just
faltering on  the edge.

Jana left me back in the library and, with a cheery girlish wave, walked out
of the room.

Broken and despondent, I scuttled alongside CJ as she led me to a large
tiled area with benches that overlooked some open shower stalls. She snapped
the chain from my nose ring and stared at me as I knelt, quivering on the
tiled floor. "I�m guessing that separator is now pretty painful," she
sneered and I nodded, tears in my eyes.

The door opened and I saw Clara and Jenny smile at CJ as they perched on the
bench. They were both dressed in their white smocks and skirts. Leonie
followed immediately and sat with them but, unlike the other women, she was
dressed as if she was going out on a date in a short, figure hugging red
dress and black hose.

CJ threw Leonie a black stun gun and she caught it deftly as Marilyn Rome
entered with a black bag. "Ready?" she asked CJ and I felt afraid once more.

"Just a minute," CJ answered, turning her full attention to me. "I�m going
to remove the separator," she said and relief flooded over me. "You are not
to talk unless spoke to and you will always refer to any female as Madam.
You will refer to Miss Langton as Mistress. If you want to say something,
you will kiss your owner�s foot and wait for permission. You must always
call yourself Puppy. Got it?" I nodded feverishly, saliva drooling from my
open mouth.

"Any more trouble from you, puppy and I�ll fix you for good!" CJ nodded at
Rome who inserted an instrument into my mouth, twisted it to the back and,
suddenly, removed the separator. Slowly, I flexed my aching jaw muscles,
working them, painfully, back into life.

I looked around at the grinning women, even Doctor Rome was smiling broadly.
Leaning forward, I kissed CJ�s foot and a few giggles echoed around the
room.

"I think he�s got it," Leonie said behind me. The door opened and I was
mortified to see Jana take her place on the bench next to the three women.

"Permission to speak," CJ barked.

"Puppy needs to piss," I croaked, embarrassed and the women laughed.

"In there," CJ directed, laughing as I crawled into the shower stall and
positioned myself over the drain hole. They burst into laughter as released,
the golden stream of piss splashing onto the floor and over my hands. My
face was bright red and I saw, out of the corner of my eye, Jana staring at
me with amused wonderment.

When I finished, I remained on my hands and knees in the shower stall,
stinking of my own piss. Grimacing with distaste, Marilyn Rome approached me
with a large aerosol cane in her hand. With out a word, she covered me in
foam, from the top of my head to the soles of my feet. Immediately, I felt a
slight burning sensation all over and, as it became more intense, I
whimpered I pain.

CJ was looking at her watch. "Now," she said and the shower jets came on,
washing the foam away and with it, the last remaining hair on my body. Soon,
I knelt, dripping and completely hairless, my pink and smooth body shinning
in the overhead lights.

"A hairless puppy," crowed Leonie. "Come here, puppy," she said and, as I
crawled to her, ear bells ringing,  Marilyn Rome left the room.

To my shame, I realised that Jana was seated next to Leonie. I looked up at
Leonie, her shining legs in black nylon as they disappeared under that short
red dress and my cock twitched.

Leonie slid her skirt up and I glimpsed the top of her thighs, my cock
surging into full hardness. "Look," said Jana, that beautiful smile on her
face. "He�s hard. Just like that."

"Keep him horny and they�ll do anything you want," smiled Leonie. "Trouble
is they pop to soon."

"Is that the normal size?" Jana asked and I realised she was attempting to
appear innocent in front of her aunt.

The women laughed. "No," said CJ. "That�s a small one."

"Are you horny, puppy," asked Clara, a broad smile on her face.

"Yes, Madam," I said humbly, the studs making me lisp slightly.

"No," scolded CJ from behind me. "Yes Madam, puppy is horny," she corrected.
"Say it!"

"Yes Madam," I said, blushing. "Puppy is horny." They laughed.

"Does puppy want to cum?" Jenny asked.

"Yes Madam, puppy wants to cum." I felt so humiliated.

Leonie slid her skirt up further so I could stare at the soft gusset of her
pantyhose and my cock twitched uncontrollably. "I guess you�d do anything to
cum," Leonie said slyly. "Would you?"

"Madam, Puppy would do anything to cum," I pleaded softly, my whole body
trembling, hypnotised by the vision of her pantyhosed pussy.

"Kiss our feet." I lunged forward and kissed Leonie�s high heels, then Clara
and Jenny�s followed by CJ�s sneakers.

"Don�t forget Jana�s," warned Leonie.

Embarrassed, I kissed Jana�s hiking boots as she smiled down at me." You can
get them to do anything," she said, that wonderful mischievous smile on her
face.

Leonie laughed and straitened her dress so her pussy disappeared from view.
"Watch. You were bad to Jenny yesterday," Leonie said to me and I hung my
head. "It�s up to Jenny."

I whirled to Jenny, ear bells tinkling, and she laughed at the desperate
look on my face as she rummaged in her back, taking a thick laundry marker
out. "I want to write your name on your face. Do you want that, puppy."

"Please Madam," I pleaded, desperate, "Puppy wants you to write�."

"Come here," she interrupted and I knelt in front of her as she wrote
something on my forehead with the marker. "Show them." As I turned my face
to the other women they burst into laughter, Jana holding a delicate hand in
front of her beautiful face as she giggled. "Now we all know he�s Puppy."

Jenny reached behind the bench and threw something at he. "Here, puppy," she
smiled.  It was a black high heel shoe. "Puppies like to play with old
shoes. You can cum, puppy," she said coldly. "Use the shoe."

I picked the shoe up and the women fell silent, all watching me intently. I
couldn�t hold the shoe and slide my cock in it as the wrist bands would get
close to my cock and it would be pain time again.

Placing the shoe upright on the ground, I crawled over it and, by using
pelvic thrusts I could just get some friction against my sensitive cock.

I heard laughter as I fucked the shoe, ear bells tingling madly, trying to
get enough friction as the shoe kept sliding on the floor. The shoe slid
against Jana�s hiking boot and I looked up at her smiling face. "Would you
like me to hold it still?" she asked, that wonderful smile and sparkling
blue eyes teasing me.

"Please madam," I begged the seventeen year old girl. "Puppy would like you
to keep the shoe still."

"Why?" she said innocently and the ladies giggled.

"So puppy can fuck the shoe," I said, blushing, humiliated beyond belief as
laughter echoed in the tiled room.

"All right, puppy," Jana smiled at my red face as she wedged the shoe
against her hiking boots.

Desperate, I crouched over the shoe and started fucking, my cock rubbing
against the shoe as it slid in and out of it. It didn�t take long and I
groaned as I erupted, filling the shoe with my sticky cum to the applause of
the women.

Still giggling, the women filed out of the room, as I crouched over the shoe
in shame. "Clean it," CJ snapped as she left me alone in the bathroom with
my humiliation.

Sometime later, Sammie arrived with a bowl of food which I lapped up as she
watched. "Do you want to know what�s written on your head?" she grinned.

"Yes, Madam, puppy would like to know."

"Puppy. That�s all. I guess it will come off. Ok," she said when I licked 
the bowl clean. "Lot�s of exercises this afternoon. You�ve lost a lot of fat 
and your muscles are getting defined. But first," she grinned, raising her skirt, 
" put that tongue to work."




Ten Days in Another Town
Day Eight

That morning I was taken to a kitchen and allowed to crouch under the table
while Sammie prepared breakfast for everyone. She had all ready allowed me
to shower and pee, in front of her, to my continual embarrassment.

I still internally cringed at the image of me fucking the shoe while they
watched but I had no control any more, I had been methodically broken down
by living on the edge of fear and sexual frustration.

The controller had been placed on the large table so I could not raise my
ahead above the table top so I lay underneath, my nose chain connected to
the table leg.

Voices, the scrape of chairs and soon I was hemmed in by female legs in
dresses and skirts, some with hose, others without. I strained to identify
the voices as they chattered. Leonie�s, Jenny�s and Clare�s definitely. Ah,
there was CJ�s and then, to my humiliation, I recognised Jana�s.

"Where�s puppy, Sammie?" Leonie asked.

"Under the table," she answered from the stove and there was a chorus of
giggles.

"Are you there, puppy?" Jenny called.

"Yes Madam," I replied and they all laughed again.

"I bet he�s trying to look up our skirts," Leonie said and, as she did,
someone uncrossed her legs and let them fall apart. It was a short black
skirt and the woman, (I guessed it was Leonie) had black stockings, black
garter belt and black lace panties. As I stared at the crotch, my cock
hardened as I recognised Leonie�s legs.

"Are you trying to look up our skirts, puppy?" Leonie demanded.

"Yes Madam," I said meekly. "Puppy is trying to look up your skirts."

"Naughty puppy," she scolded, giggling, as the women all laughed and they
all opened their legs.

Plain white panties, white lace, pantyhose without panties and Jana�s naked
bald pussy. My cock throbbed and I yearned to be able to cum as the women
giggled above me.

"Are you hard, puppy?" CJ asked.

"Yes, Madam, puppy is hard."

Leonie dangled her black high heel shoe from her stocking foot. "Would puppy
like to fuck my shoe?" she taunted.

I had to come. "Yes Madam, puppy would like to fuck your shoe." I had
arrived at the lowest point of my life and the loud laughter of the women
rang in my ears.

They ate their breakfast while I stared at their panties and the pouting
lips of Jana�s pussy. To my embarrassment, they slid their plates under the
table and I ate the scraps, using only my tongue as instructed.

The chairs scraped and they stood with Leonie unhooking my nose chain to
lead me from the kitchen. I scuttled along next to her and found myself in a
white tiled bathroom.

Leonie left for a moment and returned with a bag, taking out a longer chain
which she wrapped around the toilet and connected to my collar. My nose
chain was left lying across the toilet so I was crouched before it, looking
up at it.

 "Perfect," she said, smiling, placing the controller on the bench. Stunned,
I watched as she placed a white board with the words �If puppy causes
trouble, use this� written on it next to the controller.

"Have a great day, puppy," she said and, laughing, left me alone in the
bathroom.

I tried to move but found I was held into this strange crouching position in
front of the toilet and, as I couldn�t move my hands close to my crotch, I
had to stay on all fours.

The door opened and closed and, as I couldn�t turn my head, I had no idea
who was there.

"Well, well, puppy licker." It was CJ. A rustle of clothing and then she was
seated on the toilet, skirt bunched around her waist and her pussy exposed.
She jerked on the nose chain and forced my face against her cunt as she sat
right on the edge of the toilet seat. "Open wide," she said and I opened my
mouth as she leant back, pushing her pussy against my open mouth while
pulling me closer with the nose chain.

"Don�t make a mess," she warned. Suddenly my mouth was full of her piss and
I struggled to swallow as she hummed to herself, idly flicking my ear bells
to make them ring.

The flow ceased and, as I spluttered and coughed, CJ smiled coldly at me.
"My little toilet. Aren�t you, puppy?"

"Yes Madam," I croaked. Puppy is your toilet."

A small laugh and she nodded. "Good. Now, lick me clean." As my tongue went
to work, she flicked my ear bells again. "Good. Now, make me cum."

I set to work with my tongue, my throat burning and humiliated beyond
belief. Can I get any lower, I thought to myself. To be used as a toilet, to
be nothing more than a masturbation device, I was at the bottom.

CJ groaned and moaned as my expert tongue probed and caressed her inner
folds, teasing and building her to the peak as I flicked against her
clitoris. I took an obscene pride in my new vocation as CJ rocked in orgasm,
moaning loudly and pressing her legs around my head.

My cock was hard, rock hard and I wondered why I continued to get aroused
from this humiliation. I hoped it was the frustration and the sight of CJ�s
lovely pussy

Dabbing at her pussy with some toilet tissue, she nodded approvingly. "Not
bad. Not bad at all. You�ve picked it up well. Still," she said as she
stood, "more practice won�t go astray." The toilet flushed and I looked down
at the swirling water below my nose as she pulled her panties on, adjusted
her skirt  and touched up her make up.

"�Bye, puppy," she said, leaving me alone once again and I crouched back
down on the floor, full of her piss and my own shame.

Sometime later, the door opened again and Leonie stood above me. "Enjoying
yourself, puppy?" she teased.

"No Madam," I said softly.

"That�s funny," she said. "Your little cock is hard. Here," she said,
lifting her skirt and revealing her stockings, garter belt and black lace
panties, "take my panties down. I need to piss."

Straining, I reached up and hooked my fingers in the waistband of the
panties, gently pulling them down to a puddle of black lace around her
ankles. Leonie stepped out of them and sat on the edge of the toilet seat,
legs apart.

"You know your place, don�t you puppy?"

"Yes madam," I said meekly, pressing my open mouth against her pussy. I
managed to look up and saw a huge smiled on her face as she filled my mouth
with her urine. Tears forming in my eyes, I managed to swallow without
spilling, noting that Leonie�s piss had a different flavour to CJ�s.

When she stopped, I dutifully licked her  clean and, then, started to lick
her pussy as I did for CJ. Abruptly, she jerked me back so my face was
inches from her cunt.

"No, puppy. You must ask first," she said severely. "Ask nicely."

"Please madam," I asked, face flushing, "can puppy lick your pussy?"

Leonie idly ran her fingers over her pussy lips. "I think my pussy is
beautiful, puppy," she said. "Don�t you?"

"Please madam," I said desperately, my cock jerking wildly. "Can puppy lick
your beautiful pussy?"

"Of course you can, puppy." She said, smiling in victory and I launched my
eager tongue to her pussy. Shortly, after my lapping and caressing, Leonie
came and I continued to lick her juices until she gently pushed me away.
After drying herself with tissue, she instructed me to pull her panties up
while she held her skirt around her waist.

When I gently tugged the black lace into place, I watched her pussy
disappear from my view with a strange longing. "Would you like to say
goodbye to pussy?" she said softly.

"Please madam," I croaked. "Can puppy say goodbye to pussy?"

"Yes, puppy. Gently kiss my panties goodbye." I leaned forward and let my
lips brush against the black lace.

"You love pussy, don�t you puppy?" she gently prompted.

"Yes madam," I said hoarsely. "Puppy loves your pussy."

"No," she admonished. "Puppy loves all pussies."

"Yes madam," I moaned. "Puppy loves all pussies." And I realised that was
absolutely true and my degradation was complete.

Leonie dropped her skirt and left the bathroom, a strange smile on her
lovely face.

In quick succession, I drank the urine of Clare and Jenny and then begged to
lick their pussies. Obligingly, they let me and the both enjoyed intense
orgasms. My humiliation was deep and my cock continually hard.

Sammie entered early in the afternoon, fed me some scraps and let me beg to
lick her pussy after taking her piss. I needed to piss so she had me cock my
leg over the floor grate and let go while she taunted me.

Late afternoon, I was shocked to see Marilyn Rome standing over me, dressed
in a grey skirt, white smock and grey stockings and shoes. She lifted her
skirt to show me plain white panties under her grey pantihose.

"Well?" she demanded.

"Please madam," I pleaded. "Can I lick your beautiful pussy?"

"Excellent. And, if I want to relieve myself?"

"Please madam, can I drink your piss?"

Rome smiled down at me. "What if I need to defecate, puppy? I�ll need
wiping."

Stunned, shocked and embarrassed, I couldn�t help myself. "Please madam, can
puppy lick your ass?"

She dropped her skirt. "Excellent progress." With that, she walked out of
the bathroom, leaving my with my throbbing cock and my humiliation.

My last visitor was Jana who slipped in very late in the afternoon.

"Hello, puppy," she said, that beautiful smile on her face as she raised her
skirt and I marvelled at that beautiful bald pussy.

"Please madam," I croaked. "Can puppy lick your beautiful pussy?"

"Yes, puppy," she smiled, squatting in front of me so I could pursue my
talent. She came quickly, very quickly and I guessed she had been turned on
by the sight of me and my humiliation.

I was wrong. It was the thought of what she was going to do next.

Jana stood over me. "Aunt CJ told me to piss on you, puppy. Said I would
enjoy it," she said, smiling down at my shocked face. "She also said you
would enjoy it. Do you want me to, puppy?"

My cock throbbed. "Please Madam," I begged this beautiful seventeen year old
girl. "Please piss on puppy."

And she did. The golden stream splashed over my shaved body and my bald head
and this was, I knew, the complete degradation.

I liked her dry and she dropped her skirt. "Aunt CJ was right," she said. "I
did enjoy it."

As I watched her leave, I also knew that, perversely, I enjoyed it as it was
the only intimate contact I had had in over a week.

I lay down in the puddle of piss and waited for Sammie or someone to take 
their puppy for a bath.




Ten Days in Another Town
Day Nine

I was kicked awake by CJ, made to piss, shower and then led down the
corridor. I was still completely hairless with no sign of even stubble and I
wondered if the foam Rome had applied had permanent results. I also wondered
if the shower had removed Jenny�s graffiti on my forehead.

CJ was dressed in a dark skirt, sheer hose and cream blouse. As usual, her
beautiful face and short blonde hair made appear like some warrior queen. As
I scuttled beside her, I glanced at her long legs in nylon and my cock
stirred. The pussy licking and teasing had left me constantly frustrated.

Inside the elevator, CJ punched the buttons and we started to rise. She
grinned down at me and slid her skirt up, revealing white lace panties in
sheer pantyhose. My cock throbbed mercilessly as CJ mimicked jerking off.
"Would you like me to give you a quick hand job?" she grinned.

I hadn�t felt a hand on my cock for so long, so very long. "Please madam," I
begged. I knew she was just teasing me but I couldn�t help myself.

She dropped her skirt and grinned down at my hard cock. "Got you hard again.
Good. I like see you crawl around with your little cock all hard." She
laughed as the doors opened and, blushing, I crawled after her.

This floor was more luxurious than the others, thick carpet, paintings on
the wall and thick drapes. CJ opened a door and led me into a luxury suite
with two soft sofas, walnut desk and gilt mirrors. I guessed bedrooms and
bathrooms were behind the two paneled doors that faced the floor to ceiling
windows with a terrace beyond.

CJ unclipped the chain from my nose ring and placed it on the desk. One of
the doors opened and, as I gasped in shock, Verity swept in, dressed in a
short black dress and hose with shiny high heels. Her mane of red hair was
swept back and was hanging on her bare shoulders while her gold ear rings
twinkled in the light. She was beautiful and she ignored me.

"Everything organised for tomorrow night?" she asked CJ who nodded.

"All organised."

"I want to make sure they�re all there."

"I�ve personally spoken to everyone and," she smirked at me, "explained the
situation. They wouldn�t miss it."

"Good. Thanks, CJ." CJ left and Verity sat on one of the sofas, legs crossed
while she examined me.

"My, my, Jerry,"  she smiled as she looked me up and down. "You�ve had some
changes." I blushed and hung my head. "I like the way your new name is
written on your head. Bit smudged, though. Might need it tattooed." I
blinked in horror and she smiled coldly at me. "Loved the video with you
fucking the shoe. I might put that on the internet. Have you learnt your
lesson?"

"Yes, Mistress," I lisped. "Puppy�s learnt his lesson."

Verity burst into laughter and clapped her hands, her legs the centre of my
attention as she uncrossed and recrossed them. When she finally stopped
laughing, she stared at me coldly. "I despise you. You cheated on me after
all I had done for you." Verity toyed with the controller and I flinched. "
But, you know what really made me angry? I mean, I could have got over those
little flings of yours. But not this!"

She stood and walked to the desk where she retrieved a small book from her
purse. "I found this in your apartment, the start of your pathetic little
black book." I blinked in fear as she sat down and crossed those long legs
in sheer black nylon.

Verity gestured angrily at me with the book. "This made interesting reading.
The names of all your seven little sluts. And," she sneered, "it appears you
have your very own little rating system. I tried to figure it out. I found
one girl in this book, Judy, I think her name was with just one star. And
Tiffany with five stars and all the rest somewhere in between. Including
me!" She slammed the book down. "You gave me one and a half stars, you
little shit! And I�m the one that put up with your pathetic little cock!"

Verity sat back, arms folded and glared at me. "So, puppy, I�m not finished
with you yet. I always get the last word in business and I will in this.
This is personal!" I watched in horror as her finger pushed the controller.

"Agh!" I cried out in pain, trying to ride it out. Finally, it stopped.

She poured herself a cup of coffee and returned to the sofa. "Mmm, this
coffee is good. I guess you haven�t had a cup for a while now," she
snickered. "You haven�t had anything for a while." Verity uncrossed her legs
and left them slightly apart so I could stare into the dark void of her
skirt.

"Come here, puppy," Verity said, smiling down at me as I crawled to her
feet, trying to stare up her skirt.

"Look," she said, sliding her skirt up. She was wearing pantyhose that were
designed to look like stockings with the crotch bare. Verity�s pussy was
completely exposed, her puffy lips framed by the reddish pubic hairs.

"You haven�t fucked for a while, have you?" she laughed.

"No, Mistress," I whispered, hypnotised by her glistening pussy.

"I think it will be a long time before you get to put that pathetic little
cock in any pussy. Maybe never. Show me your tongue." I poked my studded
tongue out for her inspection. "You never used to go down on me. That�s
changed, I believe?"

"Yes Mistress," I pleaded. "Can puppy lick your beautiful pussy?"

"My puppy. Lick me, puppy. Lick your mistress," she ordered, a dreamy look
on her beautiful face.

I crouched between her legs and commenced my now familiar task as she moaned
softly above me. The nylon of her hose grazed my ears, her juices covered my
face as I used my tongue and the tongue studs to give her intense pleasure.
The sight, smell and sensual sounds of her pussy made my cock unbearably
hard and I desperately wanted to cum. Over the past days, the wrist bands
and the gold ring around my balls had trained me to keep my hands away from
my cock. Now, I considered exchanging the pain for just a few seconds of
feeling my hand around my straining cock.

I kept licking slowly as she lay back, legs wantonly splayed and sensual and
satisfied smile on her face as she watched me stroke her labia with my
tongue.

"Not bad," she said. "I guess you�ll get some food after all." Pushing me
away as she stood, Verity adjusted her skirt and sat down at her desk.
Ignoring me, she worked on some papers until Sammie arrived, dressed in
tight black pants and a floral blouse.

"Finished?" she asked and Verity nodded. She watched as Sammie connected the
nose chain and took me away, my ear bells tingling as I crawled out the
door.

Sammie fed me and left me tied to the table in the big kitchen. Later,
Leonie and Sammie sat at the table, drinking coffee and ignoring me this
time, chatting about friends and lovers. Occasionally though , I would get a
glimpse of Leonie�s panties and my constantly hard cock would throb.

Exercise filled the rest of the day and, at the end I was led back to the
bathroom where Sammie gave me an aerosol can with a long tube attached. The
tube enabled me to squirt the foam over my groin without moving my hands
close to that threatening gold ring. I took this to mean that my hair would
grow back sometime in the future.

After the shower, I was led back to Verity�s room, shoved inside, the nose
chain removed and left alone. The main room was empty so I rested on my
knees and waited.

The door opened and Verity strode in, a pleased look on her face. "Follow
me," she snapped and I crawled after her into her bedroom. My eyes bulged as
she slowly stripped her clothes off and, naked, walked into the bathroom.

The shower ran and I heard Verity singing softly as I stared down at my hard
bald cock. Was she going to let me fuck her? I couldn�t remember what
slipping my cock into a wet pussy felt like.

She emerged, naked, towelling her hair and I watched those magnificent
breasts jiggle with the movement. "Hard, puppy?" she taunted, grinning.

"Yes Mistress," I groaned. "Puppy is hard."

"Puppy is going to stay hard," she said and started pulling some lingerie
out of the closet as I watched helplessly, cock throbbing as she snapped a
red lace bra around her breasts.

A red lace garter belt was next and she sat on the bed to slide black
stockings up her legs. In the other room, I could hear the clink of cutlery
and crockery. "Sounds like the dinner table is ready," she grinned. Verity
smoothed the stockings, gave me a cold look and walked back into the
bathroom.

When she returned, her make up was completed, hair styled and she looked
beautiful as she sat on the edge of the bed, legs apart. Staring at her
pussy, I pleaded with my eyes for relief but she laughed and held out a pair
of scissors. "Trim my pussy hair, puppy. I have to look nice for my new
lover," she added slyly and I gasped in shock. "Don�t cut me," she warned "
or I�ll have your balls cut off."

Nervously, my cock throbbing, I trimmed her beautiful pussy. I used to boast
that I got a lot of pussy but now, I get even more, I just don�t get to fuck
them. Her intimate perfume wafted around me as I bent close to trim the red
hairs around her puffy pussy lips.

"Stare at it, puppy," she whispered. "You used to be able to get that when
you wanted but you were a fool. Took me for a fool. Big mistake."

I was sweating when I finished, my cock jerking with my pulse as I prayed
for relief. Perhaps I could just rub my cock against her stockings, I
thought desperately but Verity suddenly stood up.

I watched as she stepped into a red dress and pull it up, her hands
adjusting the side zipper. Verity twirled around. "I think he�ll like it."
She smiled sensuously. "And he�ll get a big surprise when he puts his hand
up my dress, won�t he, puppy."

She laughed at the miserable look on my face, gathered up her purse and
turned to the door. "We�re having a cosy dinner right in the next room. You
wait here, puppy. You�re in for quite a night." With that she left me and my
twitching cock alone in the bedroom. She had left the controller on the bed
head so I could not stand so I waited on my knees, wondering what
humiliation she had planned for me now.

Hours passed and I heard tinkling of glasses, constant mumble of
conversation and , sometimes, laughter with Verity�s throaty laugh and a
deep rumble from her companion.

Music. And I imagined her dancing with some man, his hand wandering up that
short red dress to her cunt and my cock throbbed.

The door opened and Verity walked in, hand in hand with a young black man,
and picked up the controller. "Here he is," she said tipsily. "My little
puppy dog. Watch." She flicked the controller and I writhed in pain on the
floor, trying to ride out the waves of red tinged pain. With a click, the
pain subsided and, my balls aching, I scrambled to me knees again.

"Effective," the young man said. He was dressed in fawn slacks and a white,
open neck shirt.

"Yes," Verity said. "Very." And she leaned into his arms and kissed him. I
watched his hand move up her skirt and she parted her legs to give him entry
while her hand stroked a huge bulge in his slacks.

My cock was hard and I was thoroughly humiliated, demoted to a non-human in
her presence. Verity undid his shirt and slipped it off, his muscular black
chest revealed while he kicked his shoes off.

She moved near the bed and, slipped her dress off over her head as he looked
approvingly at her. "Beautiful," he rumbled in that deep voice.

"Puppy," she said, smiling at me. "This is Harvey. Harvey is your master and
can use the controller as well. You wouldn�t like that, would you?"

"No Mistress," I said hurriedly. "Puppy wouldn�t like that." My face blushed
scarlet.

"Can I have the controller?" Harvey asked, and I flinched as Verity passed
it to him.

"Do I have to use this?" he asked.

"No Master, " I pleaded.

"Undo my pants," he said and I hurriedly unbuckled his belt, unzipped his
fly and the pants fell away. As he stepped out of them, I stared at the
bulge in his white bikini shorts and Verity giggled.

"And those," he said and I pulled the bikini shorts down and his huge cock
uncurled and hung in front of my eyes.

"Puppy," Verity called and I turned to look her as she unclipped her bra,
her large breasts swinging free. "It�s much bigger than yours, isn�t it?"

I flushed and, involuntarily looked down at my cock. It was smaller and
thinner than the monster that hung in front of my face. "Yes, Mistress," I
whispered.

"What?" she snapped.

"Yes Mistress. Master�s cock is bigger than Puppy�s." Humiliation swept over
me as they both laughed.

"Put your hand around it," she commanded. "Start jerking him off." Gingerly,
I slipped my hand around the tube of black flesh and started moving my hand
up and down. "Don�t you wish you could do that to your own cock?" she
teased.

"Yes Mistress," I mumbled, frustrated and embarrassed as his cock stiffened.
It was, compared to mine, huge. This was the first cock I had felt in many
days as I couldn�t even touch mine.

"Come here, darling." I started to turn until I realised she was talking to
Harvey and the idea of it, the two of them, hit me like a sledge-hammer in
the stomach. I felt sick.

They sat side by side on the bed and Verity beckoned me to kneel in front of
them as they kissed deeply, tongues seeking each other�s hearts. As they
kissed I stared at the sight in front of my eyes. Harvey�s huge hard cock
and Verity�s swollen pussy, glistening with desire amongst the trimmed red
pussy hair. My cock ached.

Verity smiled coldly down at me, spreading her legs. "Lick me, puppy. Get me
wet for Harvey." Obediently, I leaned forward and licked and kissed her
pussy. She was all ready wet and my now expert studded tongue made her
juices run down her thighs as my ear bells tinkled.

Pushing me away, she leaned down and sucked Harvey�s massive cock into her
red lips, her blue eyes staring at me as I watched in horror. Verity raised
her head and the massive black cock popped out of her mouth with an obscene
noise while she held it in her hand.

"Don�t you wish this was yours, puppy," she said, her eyes heavy lidded in
lust. There was no need to answer, my own small cock was moving wildly as if
it had a mind of its own.

Verity laid back on the bed, her long red hair cascading down the pillow as
Harvey positioned himself between her long stocking covered legs. I was full
of swirling emotions as I watched him start to ease that massive cock into
her wet cunt. Jealousy, rage, hopelessness, all coursed through me as Verity
turned her head on the pillow and smiled at me.

"At last," she whispered. "A big cock."

"Just normal, baby," he said as he slid deep inside her.

"Not compared to that," she gasped, gesturing at me and I hung my head.
"Look at us, puppy," she hissed and I knew I was not going to be able to
avoid this obscene spectacle.

Harvey pushed in and out of her, finding a long slow rhythm as Verity, her
legs wrapped around him, began to moan. After a few moments, she hung her
arms around him, pulled him close as she moan louder. "God," she cried,
"this is wonderful. It�s been so long. Fuck me! Fuck me!" Tears trickled
down my face as she screamed in ecstasy and finally came with a high shrill
moan.

"Oh baby," she smiled up at Harvey. "You know your stuff. Have you made it
yet?" she asked and he shook his head, smiling at her.

Verity pushed him back so he slipped out, his stiff wet cock waving
obscenely as she knelt on all fours. "Do me from behind, baby," she
whispered and Harvey positioned himself behind her. "Get closer, puppy," she
taunted. "I want you to see all of this."

Moving closer to the bed, I watched as his huge cock slipped into her gaping
pussy, her thighs slick with her juices and their sweat as he sawed in an
out. Verity moved her ass and sultrily smiled at me as, open mouthed, I
watched her being fucked by this young black man.

"I�m there, baby," he groaned.

"Come, baby," she crooned. "Pump it into me."

Harvey groaned, arced his back and quivered as he spurted his seed deep
inside her, collapsing on her back and holding her close as he finished.
They lay in silence, holding each other while I knelt, head bowed, at the
bed side.

His cock slipped out, wet with her juices and his cum, and lay like a fat
tired snake across his groin. Harvey stretched. "That�s it, baby."

"I know, Harvey. That was nice."

"It�s a long drive back to town."

"Take care."

He struggled into huis shorts and pants. "Where is the, you know�." he said
hesitantly.

"Leonie will take care of it, Harvey."

He grinned as he pulled his shirt back on. "Call me when you get back to
town."

"I will." Harvey left us alone and I realised he was a gigolo.

Verity smiled at me. "Top class act for so little money and no false
declarations of love. Clean too. I�ve seen the medical reports." She
stretched like a tigress, her large breasts moving and my eyes were drawn to
the wet thatch between her legs.

"Come on, puppy. Lick me," she said softly, staring at me.

Stunned, I leaned forward and tentatively began to lick her pussy and she
moaned with satisfaction. "You are really mine, aren�t you," she whispered.
"Suck his cum from my cunt," she said coarsely and her juices started to
flow.

Broken, no longer a man, I knelt and licked the cum from my Mistress�s black
lover from her pussy. I had no where else to go.




Ten Days in Another Town
Day Ten

I slept beside her bed that night, a sleepless night, racked by jealously
and shame. Verity, however, slept soundly until almost lunchtime, and, when
she awoke, demanded that I lick the last evidence of Harvey from her pussy.

When I finished, she sat on the edge of the bed looking down at me as I
knelt, sullenly, at her feet, her pussy with it�s matted hair directly in my
face.

"Welcome to your new life, Jerry," she said. Startled, at the unusual use of
my name, I raised my head and she smiled down at me. "Remember, a few months
ago you asked me to marry you? Right after you found out how much money I
had?" she added sweetly and I cringed.

"Yes Mistress," I replied, softly.

"I�ve decided to accept, Jerry. You and I are getting married. The licence
is being arranged and we will have the ceremony in a few weeks."

Verity rose and put on a robe. "It will not be a conventional marriage,
Jerry. What went on last night will continue and you will continue as my
slave."

Slave! The reality hit me and, stunned, I watched her walk out the door.

"Come on, Jerry," she called and I crawled to the other room where I found
Verity seated on the sofa. "Yes, Jerry, married," she smiled, looking down
at me. "But I will keep control. And we will have the honeymoon before the
wedding." For some reason, Verity found that extraordinarily funny and burst
out laughing.

A moment later, CJ and Leonie entered. "Take him away," Verity said.
"Prepare him for the honeymoon."

CJ loomed over me. "I�m going to deactivate your collar so you can walk
upright. We still have the controllers and the ring around your balls will
still function so don�t try any funny business. Understand?"

"Yes Madam," I said meekly. A chance to stand upright again! At last!

"Remember, Jerry," Verity said. "I can always reactivate that collar and you
�ll spend the rest of your life on your knees."

CJ fiddled with the collar and then stood back. Verity nodded and I stumbled
to my feet. Although unsteady, I could stand up again. It was marvellous!

Leonie and CJ took one of my arms each and whisked me away, down the
corridor to the elevator and to the shower room where they watched as I
scrubbed myself.

The good news was that some stubble was appearing on my body and, for the
first time I used the aerosol can with the long nozzle to cover myself in
the hair removal foam. Yelping with the stinging and watched by the two
laughing women, I washed the foam and any remnants of hair away. Once again,
bald and shaven.

CJ brusquely ordered me to lay down face down on the bench while Leonie
wheeled in a medical stand with some sort of bag hanging from it. Shocked, I
guessed they were going to give me an enema.

Leonie greased my ass and I felt the nozzle start to penetrate me. Relax,
puppy," she cooed while she pushed it in.

"Relax or I�ll hit the controller and give you something else to think
about," growled CJ and I relaxed as much I could.

"There. That�s it," I heard Leonie say and I felt the first rush of water
into my innards. They had no mercy, filling me until I was gritting my teeth
with the stretched, bloated feeling as my distended stomach hung from me as
I now crouched on the bench.

Finally, they stopped the flow and removed the nozzle, Leonie wheeling the
stand away while CJ, grinning at me, helped me to my feet.

"Look out," laughed Leonie. "He�ll go any minute." She was right as the
first of the stomach cramps hit me. Leonie leaned close and wrapped her long
fingers around my cock causing me to get hard instantly. "Enjoying this?"
she taunted.

"No madam," I said through gritted teeth.

"Oh," she pouted. "You don�t like hand jobs any more?"

"Oh," I groaned as a wave of cramps hit me and they pushed me towards a
toilet stall.

"Sit, puppy," CJ ordered and I lowered myself onto the toilet as CJ and
Leonie stood back, both grinning at me.

I tried to ignore them as the cramps swept through me and, with no control,
I released. The noise was embarrassing and the stench was humiliating as I
voided my bowels in a steaming rush. With no control, I kept pushing at
straining until there was no more.

Both women had handkerchiefs to their noses, faces grimacing from the
stench. "Flush," yelled CJ and I fumbled for the lever and flushed the
toilet. Suddenly a cold jet of water hit me and I saw that CJ was directing
a hose at me, washing the mess down the drain.

Weak, I offered no resistance as they inserted the nozzle in my ass once
more and, again, I went through the same embarrassing routine although, this
time, the stench was not as overpowering.

When they judged I was totally clean, they allowed me to dry myself ,
watched by CJ, while Leonie removed some items of clothing from  a small
leather bag.

"Put this on," Leonie said, offering me a pink lace garter belt. CJ waved
the controller and I hurriedly snapped the pink garter belt around my waist,
the suspender straps hanging down my legs.

Seated on the bench, they drew pink stockings up my hairless legs and
attached them to the suspender straps. Leonie grinned down at my hard cock.
"Puppy is enjoying this," she said as, to my embarrassment, she tied a pink
satin ribbon in a bow around the base of my cock. "Almost hides the tiny
thing," she mused and CJ giggled as I blushed as the sensual feeling of the
nylon around my hairless legs made my cock twitch.

Next, a large pair of pink high heels shoes, a pink lipstick and dark
mascara and I was led, stumbling, down the corridor to a large room. I had
never been in this room and, intuitively, I felt  afraid. Heavily carpeted,
one wall of the room was dark glass and the other walled covered in thick
drapes.

A large metal pole hung from the ceiling and a device that looked like a
modern form of the medieval stocks were attached the pole close to the
floor.

"Kneel," CJ barked and, trembling, I knelt next to the pole as CJ unlocked
the stocks and levered them apart. Staring at the three half circles in the
dark timber of the stocks, I waited for my instructions.

"Head there," CJ pointed at the centre hole. "And arms there. Hurry!" I
leaned forward and rested my neck on the large semi circle and laid my arms
through the two smaller ones. Leonie moved the halves together, padlocked
them and I was helpless, kneeling on the carpet, facing the wall of dark
glass.

The CJ looked down on me while Leonie fastened shackles to each ankle. The
shackles had small chains which were attached to rings in the floor. For the
first time I noticed the floor around the steel pole was different from the
rest of the carpeted room. Sure, it was carpeted but it was a different
pattern in a circle with the pole in the centre.

Leonie stood in front of me and lifted her skirt, her naked pussy slightly
above my face. "Lick," she commanded and I strained upward, my tongue
reaching for her but falling short.

"You are the same height?" CJ asked, a remote control device in her hand.

Leonie nodded. "Yep. Almost exactly the same height."

I heard a mechanical noise and I felt the stocks move upwards slightly on
the pole, dragging me with them until I was now level with Leonie�s pussy.
My studded tongue caressed her labia and she patted me on the head. "Now,
that�s better, puppy."

Abruptly, she dropped her skirt and the two women left me alone in the room.
Suddenly, the lights went down, replaced by a spotlight that just covered
the circle I was kneeling in and  the rest of the room was black.

I waited.

I heard Verity�s voice in the darkness before I saw her. "Well, my little
puppy. Let us look at you." A whirring sound and the circle I was kneeling
on started to rotate, spinning me slowly around.

A giggle in the darkness. "The ribbon is adorable, although it hides your
tiny cock. Do you have a tiny cock, puppy?" she asked.

Blushing as I rotated, I hung my head. "Yes, Mistress. Puppy has a tiny
cock."

"Move your head, puppy. I want to hear your bells ring." I shook my head,
the ear bells tingled and she laughed. "Show us your tongue." I poked my
tongue with the three studs out and wondered what was happening.

The rotation stopped and Verity walked out of the darkness into the
spotlight. She was beautiful, dressed in a short black dress, black hose,
high heels and her long red hair hanging lose on her shoulders. A diamond
choker and ear rings completed the picture.

"You�ve had a lot of training, puppy. You�re a good pussy licker now. What
are you?"

"Puppy is a pussy licker."

"As my slave, you will lick me whenever and wherever I want. Isn�t that
right, puppy?�

"Yes mistress," I lisped .

Verity stood in front of me and slid the hem of her black dress up,
revealing her pussy framed by a black garter belt and stocking. "Lick," she
snapped and I strained at my task. Suddenly, she pulled away, dropping her
skirt.

"You�re hard, Jerry," she said. "I think you like being my slave. Do you
want to come?"

"Please Mistress, let puppy come," I begged, desperate.

Verity smiled coldly at me. "You come when I say or not at all." Her smile
softened. "You look nice in your pink stockings." I blushed. "And high heels
as well! Very pretty. I thought white would have been more appropriate for
our honeymoon but, well, you have been such a slut so white is out of the
question."  Verity stood next to me and I felt her fumble with the ribbon
around my hard cock. "There," she said, draping the ribbon around my neck.
"That�s better. Now we can all see your little bald cock and balls."

Was there someone else out there in the darkness? CJ, perhaps? Leonie? A
whirring sound and the stocks slowly rose up the pole until I was standing
bent at the waist with my legs apart and fastened to the floor

I felt her fingers trail down my back. "Starting to lose that flab. Good. My
slave should be well defined and hard." Verity laughed. "Hard body, I
meant."

I heard a movement and rustle of clothing. She stood in front of me in black
lace bra, panties and garter belt with sheer black stockings, her fingers
idly stroking her panties.

"Do you want to lick me, puppy?"

"Please Mistress," I begged, knowing she wanted this from me. "Please let me
lick your pussy."

Verity turned, bent over slightly and I stared at her magnificent ass
pushing against the lace and satin of her panties. "Will you lick my ass,
puppy?" she taunted.

My cock throbbed and twitched madly. "Yes Mistress. Please let me lick your
ass."

Verity turned, upright with hands on her hips and laughed loudly. "You�ll
drink my piss. You�ll do anything I say because of that ring around your
balls. Let�s see how it works." Horrified, I watched her raise the
controller and press the button. I screamed and my body jerked painfully in
the stocks as I rotated.

The pain ceased and I slumped in the stocks, my body covered in sweat.

"Poor puppy. Does that hurt?"

"Yes Mistress," I said tearfully.

"Good," she said coldly. "Look up." I raised my head and stared out into the
darkness. Suddenly, lights came up and, to my humiliation,  I saw an
audience of women seated behind the glass and, flushing with shame, I
recognised them all.

There were the seven women I had cheated with, the seven from the black book
Verity found. Tiffany was there grinning and smoking. Judy, Barbara and
Jane, giggling and sipping champagne. All of them.

CJ, Leonie, Clare and Jenny were also in the audience and, seated up the
back smiling at me, was Jana. There were a few women I didn�t recognise but
I hung my head in overwhelming shame as the floor rotated once again and,
this time, I knew I was being exhibited to the audience.

The rotation stopped in front of the glass again and I could see the women
chattering excitedly to each other. I couldn�t hear them but, I guessed,
they could hear us.

Tiffany was leaning forward, licking her lips as she watched the scene. She
was always a hot number, ready any time and that�s why she got the five
stars.

Verity was standing behind me. "I�m sure you know most of the audience," she
sneered. "Those you don�t know are my secretary Jody and my personal
assistant Belinda. Now,� she said menacingly. "say hello to all your new
mistresses."

"Hello, Mistresses," I said softly and received a jolting pain to my balls,
rotating so the audience could see my twitching body.

"Now, puppy," she admonished as the pain subsided. "That�s not the way you
speak."

"Puppy says hello mistresses," I said quickly and more loudly. The women
laughed and Tiffany was smiling coldly at me, her hand resting on her knees.


"That�s better," laughed Verity. "Stick your tongue out again. Can you see
the studs?" she asked the women and I saw them nod. Verity stood next to me.
"Put it away. What do the studs do, puppy?" she asked.

"The studs make puppy a better pussy licker."

"Now," she said looking at the audience behind the glass, "based on his past
performance, anything would be an improvement." The women laughed. "However,
puppy has received a great deal of training and he�s now adequate. Some of
the girls in the audience can testify to that." I watched as Leonie leaned
forward to speak to Tiffany.

"Do you like pussy, puppy?" Verity said.

"Puppy loves pussy," I said brokenly, ashamed.

"Puppy loves pussy some much, girls," she said to the audience, "he licked
my lovers cum from my pussy right after he watched me get fucked by him."
Astonishment swept through the audience and my face burned.

"You watched, didn�t you puppy?" she sneered.

"Yes Mistress," I croaked. "Puppy watched."

"Now, you have admitted you have a tiny cock." I blushed. "Tell us about
Harvey�s cock"

"Harvey�s cock was bigger than puppy�s," I admitted, tears welling in my
eyes.

"Much bigger," Verity said, smiling proudly to her audience. "And black,"
she added triumphantly and the audience gasped as they replayed their own
private fantasies in their heads. "In case any ones forgotten," she said
maliciously. "Let�s have a look at puppy�s little cock." I rotated slowly
and exhibited my hard cock to the watching women. "Still hard. Deep down
inside he loves this," Verity said to the women.

 "Tell us, puppy," she continued. " When was the last time you fucked some
pussy with that pathetic little cock?"

Frantically, I tried to think. "Just before this started��." I trailed off,
tears running down my face.

Verity was relentless. "And who was that with, puppy?"

I hung my head. "Tiffany, mistress," I whispered and received a jolt of pain
to my balls, rotating again as I jerked and struggled in the stocks. The
pain left as I returned to face the audience again. "Puppy fucked Tiffany,
Mistress," I shouted, sweat running from my body.

"Tiffany," Verity said in mock surprise. "And what was it like, Tiffany? One
to five stars." Tiffany held up one finger and the audience laughed. "One
star?" Verity said, mockingly. "Tiffany, he gave you five. Well, well. Did
he lick your pussy, Tiffany?" A shake of Tiffany�s head and Verity laughed.
"Well, he will now, won�t you puppy?"

"Puppy will lick pussy, mistress," I said hurriedly.

"Any pussy I say," Verity said triumphantly and turned to the glass. "Puppy
will be available, ladies, for your use if you wish. Plenty of licking and
you�ll get your own controller to keep him in line. But," she warned. "No
fucking." Verity looked coldly down at me. "Puppy doesn�t get to fuck ever
again."

My heart sank but my cock twitched in time with my racing pulse. I was
desperate to come as I had been denied for so long.

"But," she said and I heard rustling behind me," that doesn�t mean puppy
misses out on fucking all together." Suddenly, I felt a jelly substance
being applied to my ass and I felt afraid. Verity moved in front of me and,
horrified, I stared at the strap on dildo that hung obscenely over her
panties.

Opening my mouth to protest, I shut it quickly when I saw the controller in
her hand. "Puppy wants to get fucked, don�t you puppy?" she said menacingly.

Hanging my head, I accepted the inevitable. "Yes mistress."

"What!" she snapped.

"Yes Mistress," I gasped quickly. "Puppy wants to get fucked."

Verity moved behind me and the audience stared at me. I saw Tiffany�s hand
steal under her skirt and Leonie was rubbing the crotch of her jeans.

I felt her finger worm its way into me and I clenched my muscles in defence.
"Don�t," she warned and I willed myself to relax. Scared and humiliated, I
wished this whole thing was over so I could avoid the gaze of the women
before me.

"I�m going to fuck you now," she hissed and I felt the head of the fake cock
press against my greased ass. Whimpering, I tried to move away but there was
no escape as it slowly moved into my ass. A whirring sound and we started
rotating to provide my audience with views from all angles.

The women were leaning forward to get a better look as Verity strained to
get the dildo into my ass but I resisted. Suddenly, a blinding flash of pain
to my balls and, as I screamed, my attention diverted, the dildo tore into
me and slid all the way in.

Sobbing, I hung in the stocks as Verity laid against my back. "I�m in you,
Jerry," she whispered. "Beg me to fuck you."

"Please fuck me, mistress," I sobbed.

"Look," she announced to the audience. "He�s still hard. He loves being
fucked. Don�t you, puppy?"

"I love being fucked, mistress," I whimpered as she started to move in an
out. Soon, as we rotated, she was slamming in and out of me as I rocked in
pain to her growing lust.

The audience was intent, watching every movement of our obscene act as we
rotated before them. Through my tears and my humiliation I saw Jana,
Tiffany, Leonie and the others watching closely, Jana with a half smile on
her beautiful young face. I wallowed in my shame and humiliation as my
mistress pounded her fake cock in and out of me.

Suddenly, Verity screamed shrilly, groaned, held her position stiffly for a
moment  and, then,  slumped against me. The women in the glass booth
applauded as one as I hung my head, my ass on fire.

With an obscene plopping noise, she pulled out of my painful ass, unlocked
me from the stocks and I slumped on the floor, cock throbbing.

"Does puppy want to come?" she asked, looking down at me, her black fake
cock jutting from her panties.

"Yes, Mistress," I whimpered, driven to desperate need.

"Kneel here," she indicated a spot next to her long legs and I did. "Hold my
cock," she commanded and I gingerly reached up and circled my hand around
the huge weapon that had inflicted so much pain on me.

"Admit you are nothing but a slave to all women."

"I�m a slave to all women, mistress," I said loudly, flushing.

"Good," she said with satisfaction and the rotating stopped, leaving us
facing the audience. "Hump my legs, puppy," she said.

The women behind the glass were obviously laughing as I rubbed my hard cock
against my mistresses sheer black stockings. It felt wonderful.

"Look at me," Verity commanded and I looked up at her smiling face as I held
her fake cock and humped wildly against her nylon legs. In seconds I was
spurting over her stocking while the women in the glass booth cheered and
applauded.

"Lick it up." I bent down and licked my come from the sheer nylon of my mistress�s 
legs. 




Ten Days in Another Town
Day Eighty Seven

My life certainly changed.

It�s a little over twelve weeks since that night when Verity humiliatingly
fucked me in the ass before those women and so much has happened.

We had a wedding but, although I didn�t know it at the time, it wasn�t real,
just another example of Verity�s black sense of humour.

She was dressed in white and I was dressed in a simple black suit. Verity
had removed the ear rings, the nose ring and allowed me to grow my hair back
so I had a dark stubble over my head.

The gold ring was still around my balls, though.

In the dressing rooms before the ceremony, the bridesmaids, giggling, lifted
their skirts and I licked them all to orgasm with skilful use of my studded
tongue. I then went to the brides room, licked Verity and then sat on the
floor while a new black lover, acting as my best man, fucked her from
behind.

I pulled her white lace panties up after he�d finished and we walked down
the aisle with her pussy leaking the cum from the best man. I didn�t get to
come for a week after the so called wedding but I serviced a lot of pussies
at the reception.

Verity�s favourite was to have me go to her office, slide under her desk and
lick her while she carried out telephone calls or dictated letters to her
secretary. Of course, I licked her secretary Jody and Belinda, her personal
assistant.

I was lent out to many of her friends and when I accompanied Verity to
social events, I could feel the stares and the giggles of the women
attending. The men were oblivious but I often crouched on the floor of some
bathroom and licked a woman upon Verity�s orders while she fucked a waiter.

Then, it all changed.

Verity met someone she really cared about, a businessman who was her equal
in every way, including wealth. They were made for each other and I believe
she fell deeply in love.

She didn�t want him to find out about me so she told me the wedding had been
fake, told me I had learnt my lesson and moved me into a small apartment
near the docks. Cheap and nasty.

As a last act, she handed me the six controllers and gave me Marilyn Rome�s
contact number so she could remove the golden ring around my balls. Verity
thought she had tidied it all up, the game was over and we could all go on.

As I said, my life had changed.

I mailed six of the controllers, together with my new address, to Tiffany,
Leonie, Leonie, Barbara, Judy and CJ.

I sitting here naked, my gold ring glittering around my balls, waiting to
see who shows up.

You know, I�m quite looking forward to it starting again.

(Final, the end) 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Nessus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





