BDSM Library - Janet in Training




Janet in Training
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: One of my favorite BDSM stories. Janet was well trained by her mistress and finally became a mistress herself. This story also talk about the respect and safety in BDSM activity. A great drama to enjoy.
Janet in Training

sfmaster
sfmaster@worldnet.att.net

(BDSM, F/f, cons, Lesbian, Drama)

  WARNING! This story is only for adults over the age of 
  18 and contains Strong Sexual Content. It is intended as a work of fiction for 
  ADULTS only, and the author does not in any way condone similar behavior. If 
  you are under the age or 18 or reside in a state that prohibits such behavior, 
  stop reading immediately!!!

  Archiving permitted, reposting is permitted; but only 
  if you include this statement of limitation of use and notify the author by 
  e-mail. The author forbids you to make, distribute, or sell multiple copies 
  of this story on paper, disk, or other fixed format. However, individual readers 
  may make single copies of the story for their own, non-commercial use.

Copyright (c) 1997 by sfmaster@worldnet.att.net

Attn: Readers please feel free to send an e-mail to the author. I do want to hear from you!

Mistress Janet will return in: The Challenge

"Janet In Training" Dramatis Personae 

Janet Davis:		Slave to Mistress Erica Riken Protagonist Main Character 
Tiffany Gray: 		Slave to Mistress Erica Riken Antagonist 
Sally Belmar: 		Janet's friend, introduces her to Mistress Erica 
Erica Riken: 		Dominatrix who introduces Janet to BDSM 
Andrea Kosta: 		Erica's Maid 
Stephanie Richards: 	Dominatrix, friend of Erica's and Blanca 
Camille: 		Stephanie's Maid 
Tina: 			North Maid suggested to Janet by Stephanie 
Denise Powell: 		Trained by Tiffany, she later leaves her never seen 
Lauren Singer: 		Evil Dominatrix who advises Tiffany and whips Janet almost to death 
Sabrina: 		Lauren's Maid Seen only in CH9 
Myra: 			Slave belonging to Lauren & Rene who helps Janet after her 
			beating and meets her in town with info About Lauren & Tiffany. 
Rene & Carla: 		Two Doms who are guests at a party (CH 9) where Janet is badly beaten. 
Jessica Danvers: 	Wealthy Greenwich socialite, introduced by Stephanie, who is 
			trained by Janet & serves as her Advisor in the competition. 
Blanca Sanchez: 	Lawyer to Erica & Administrator of her will & competition. 




Janet in Training
Chapter One: Bondage Introductions

	Janet Davis had returned from work early from her job, as her girlfriend
Sally Belmar was going to pay a visit.  Janet had known Sally for a long
time, and at their last meeting, her friend had said that she was going to
make a special proposal to her.

	That previous evening, the two women had gotten drunk together, and Janet
had admitted that she had been rather dissatisfied with her sex life. Sally
had listened to her friend's complaint intently, nodding with each point
that her friend had made.

	Afterwards, Sally said that she would be able to offer a suggestion to
Janet's sex problem.  However, she would first have to talk to a friend of
hers.

	Janet waited eagerly in her apartment, finally glad when she heard the
doorbell ring.  She hit the buzzer, and let her friend into the apartment
when she heard the knock on the door.

	The two women greeted each other warmly.  Janet looked over her guest, and
admired how she was dressed. Sally wore a fur coat, and beneath the coat
was a silk blouse, a leather skirt, white stockings, and finally a pair of
black patent leather high heels.

	"Would you like a drink?" asked Janet.

	"Sure, why not," agreed Sally.

	Janet already had planned for this, and a bottle of wine had been waiting
for Sally's arrival.  Janet opened the bottle, and poured two glasses.  She
handed one glass to Sally and they seated themselves on the couch.

	After taking a rather long sip, Sally looked her friend over.  She
wondered to herself, how would Janet take to the suggestion that she was
about to make?  Just how strong was her disappointment with normal sex that
she had mentioned before?

	"Janet, do you remember what you said at our last meeting about sex?"
questioned Sally.

	"Yes."

	"Well, I have a possible solution for you.  It's a little unusual, so I
would like to ask you to hear me out."

	"Go ahead," she answered.

	"Well, I know that this is going to sound strange, but have you ever heard
of bondage?"

	"Bondage?  Just what do you mean by that?"

	"Janet, surely you must know something about it?  You must have heard
something."

	Janet took a long drink and sat back in the sofa.  She was not sure just
what her friend was getting at, but she wanted to hear more.

	"Well, I know that it involved people getting tied up and dominated by
others," Janet answered.

	"You are partially right," Sally observed, "but it's really about trust
between the dom and the sub, and not to exceed another's limits.  You
wanted to explore something new.  Do you think that you might like to
engage in this?"

	"Dominated by who?" Janet asked.

	"By a dominatrix or mistress, of course.  A woman who knows something
about bondage and about what some people need," Sally replied.

	Janet poured herself another glass, then drained it in one swallow.  She
was intrigued by what her friend was saying.  She had heard of bondage
before, but she had never known anyone that engaged in it.

	"You mean that some people need to get tied up?" Janet asked.

	"Yes.  And not just some strange people getting their jollies either. 
Punishment has always been linked to both pleasure and sex.  Perhaps that
is why you have always felt guilty about sex.."

	"I have never felt guilty about sex," Janet stated firmly.

	"Really, is that why some of the men you've dated have left angrily,"
Sally probed, "because you wouldn't experiment with sex?"

	"This is the craziest idea that I've ever heard.  Just what are you
suggesting anyway?" Janet demanded.

	"Perhaps you should search for another kind of sexual fulfillment," Sally
answered.

	"Like bondage?" questioned Janet.

	"Yes.  And don't act so surprised.  A lot of people have found it
perfectly enjoyable.  You might too.  To be properly introduced to bondage
you would need the right person.  You would need a Dom who could train you
into becoming her slave," Sally answered.

	"A sex slave.  You must be kidding.  Such things don't exist in real
life," Janet stated.

	"Don't you watch the TV talk shows?  Try it, you have nothing to lose. 
Your love life hasn't worked out very well.  Maybe it's time that you tried
something different for a change."

	"All right, I'm interested," Janet answered, "But where would I find a
Mistress?

	"I know a Mistress who trains slaves.  She'll train you," Sally answered.

	"Really?" asked Janet.

	"Yes.  But be warned, the stripes on your naked body will cost you more
than you might ever imagine."

	"Okay, call this Mistress.  Tell her that I would like to meet with her. 
I'm not agreeing to anything.  But I would like to know more," said Janet.

	"Sure," answered Sally.

	"Tell me one thing.  Have you ever been in bondage yourself?" Janet asked.

	"Yes, that's how I know so much about it.  You might find that you like it
too," Sally answered.

	"All right," Janet said, "I'll give it a try."

	For the next few weeks Janet had not given a thought to bondage.  Work had
been too hectic and there had been no time to think of sex at all, though
she longed to meet someone!

	One night, while staying alone in her apartment, the phone rang.  In the
stillness it shook Janet awake, who had been dozing on the couch.

	"Hello," asked Janet.

	"Is this Janet Davis," asked the caller.

	"Yes."

	"You don't know me, but we have a mutual friend, Sally Belmar.  She told
me that you were interested in my services."

	"What's your name?" Janet asked.

	"Surely she must have told you.  My name is Erica Riken.  Are you still
interested in seeing me?"

	"Yes," Janet answered, "Sally told me a little of what you do.  I'd like
to know more about it."

	"Good.  I'll handle everything.  I can arrange that after work on Friday,
you can be picked up and driven to my place in Connecticut.  Will that be
all right?" Erica asked.

	"Sure," Janet answered.

	"Erica, do you want me to bring anything?" asked Janet.

	"No. Slaves don't bring anything. Except a desire to please their
Mistress."

	"Thank you, Mistress," said Janet.

	"Just come up on Friday," said Erica before she hung up.

	Janet hung up the phone, her heart pounding.  She was excited that she was
finally going to meet a Mistress!

	For a change, Friday had been a good workday.  Janet had been able to get
out of work early.  Once home, she took a quick shower and found that her
pussy was wet with excitement.  She dressed in a white blouse, a plaid
skirt, pantyhose, and modest high heels.

	At eight the buzzer went off, and a large white limo was waiting for her.
The liveried driver held the door open for her as Janet seated herself on
the leather seat.

	The drive to Greenwich, which Janet knew, was one of the wealthiest in the
NY area did not take too long.  Finally, they pulled up to a large walled
estate where the gates had to be opened first.  The car followed a long
driveway up to the wooden doors.  Once parked, the driver got out and
opened the door for Janet.

	"What do I do now?" she asked the driver.

	"Just ring the bell, you're expected," he answered.

	When Janet did so, the Maid greeted her.  However, unlike other Maid's
uniforms that she was seen, this one was made of black rubber, not satin,
and the girl was walking on very high heels.

	She took Janet's coat and ushered her into a large room off the entrance
to the house.  Seated on the couch was a woman wearing a sweater and black
jeans, not what she had been expecting!

	"You must be Janet Davis," her host as she rose from the leather couch,
"I'm Erica Riken."

	"Pleased to meet you," said Janet.

	There was a moment of silence between the two women.  From what she had
read, Janet knew that she had to act submissive.

	"Have a seat," ordered Erica.

	Janet sat down in silence, and waited for Erica to make the next move.

	"I'm pleased that you wanted to come see me," said Erica.

	"Yes, Mistress," Janet had decided to try using Erica's title.

	"You're not my slave yet, but it's nice to see that you understand what
might be your position here," Erica answered.

	"Thank you, Mistress," Janet replied.

	"Did you think that I was going to rip your clothes off?" asked Erica.

	"I didn't know what to expect," Janet answered.

	"You're here to see if you can be trained as a slave girl, just like your
friend Sally.  I'm going to see if you can be a submissive."

	"A slave girl?" asked Janet.

	"Yes," Erica answered.

	There was a moment of silence between them.

	"I have to get to know you.  I just don't take anybody.  I want to know
why you want to be a slave, and if you're capable of being one," Erica
stated.

	"I have unsatisfying relationships, and I want to try something different.
Sally suggested that I become a slave to a Mistress."

	"Good enough.  Would like to see how a slave performs?" asked Erica.

	"Yes, Mistress," Janet answered.

	Erica pressed a button on her desk, and the doors opened and the Maid
entered the room.  She walked over to the couch where the two women were
seated.

	"May I be of service?" she asked.

	"Yes, turn around please," ordered Erica.

	The Maid stood silently as Erica unzipped her outfit.  Janet gasped when
she saw that the Maid's naked body was covered by red stripes.

	"You've been whipped," observed Janet.

	"Speak, Andrea," ordered Erica.

	"I've been bad recently, and Erica has punished me," Andrea replied.

	"Are you her slave?" Janet asked.

	"I have belonged to Mistress Erica for some time," said Andrea.

	Janet had to have a few moments to assimilate all this.  A Mistress and
her slave girl in real life!  The chance to perhaps be one!

	"I would like to be a slave girl too!" declared Janet.

	"Slaves don't want anything," Erica answered, "except to please their
owners."

	"Yes, Mistress," replied Janet.

	"Andrea, put your uniform on and go into the kitchen.  I shall see you
later," ordered Erica.

	"Yes, Mistress," quickly answered Andrea as she picked up her rubber
uniform from the floor.

	"Before you become my slave girl in training, I have to set down some
conditions.  First you must obey me totally.  Next you must not tell
anyone, anyone at all what you are doing.  You will belong to me totally,
body and soul.  And I mean it," commanded Erica.

	"Yes, Mistress," Janet answered.

	"You will continue to work.  Too many girls would gladly give up working
for a living to be kept here in bondage.  I don't need those types of
girls.  Unless, of course, I were to ask you to do so."

	"Yes, Mistress."

	"Before you enter training, I want you to see a demonstration," suggested
Erica.

	"On me, Mistress?" asked Janet.

	Erica sat back in amusement.

	"You're really anxious to wear my chains, aren't you?  No, I have a girl
downstairs in the dungeon already.  One of my most dedicated little slave
girls who needs punishment," said Erica.

	"Yes, Mistress," Janet answered.

	"I see you've already learned a little about being a slave.  Go to the
kitchen and tell Andrea that I want you prepared before you enter the
dungeon.  She'll know what do.  Now go!" commanded Erica.

 	Janet stood up quickly and opened the door that Andrea had exited from. 
She walked in the large house, wondering just where the kitchen was.  She
guessed that it was in the rear, and entered a kitchen that belonged on a
magazine cover.  Plus, the place was spotless!

	"Erica told me that I had to prepared for something," she said to Andrea
who was washing some silverware.

	"Please come with me," Andrea answered as she wiped her hands on a
spotless towel.

	Janet followed Andrea through the house, if house was the word.  Mansion
was a better term for the place, given that it had a stone wall around the
estate.  In just two rooms, there was expensive artwork and antiques.  But
the rest of the Mansion was rather plainly furnished.

	Finally they came to a small room that looked like it was servants
quarters.  There was a bed, and Janet noticed that there was a ringbolt set
into the wall next to the bed.  There was a small sink and toilet within a
few feet of the bed, so if anyone were chained there, they would be able to
wash and go to the bathroom.

	"Please remove your clothes," said Andrea.

	"I thought that I was going to see a demonstration."

	"Yes.  But first you must be prepared.  Slave girls don't wear clothes,
especially slaves in training.  Remove all your clothes, please."

	Janet had never undressed in the presence of another woman since the
locker room at gym in college.  She had even been embarrassed while trying
on clothes in a store.

	Janet proceeded to first unzip her skirt, then remove her blouse and place
it on the bed.  Then she removed her bra, shoes and pantyhose.  Finally,
she pulled her panties off, and stood naked before Andrea.

	"I'm all yours," said Janet.

	"Good.  It will go easier on you if you realize that you are nothing to me
now.  That you must be trained first before you can become one of Erica's
slaves.  Now turn around.  I don't want you running away."

	Janet turned her back on the Maid, unsure of what was going to happen
next.  Her curiosity was soon rewarded when she felt the bite of steel
first on one wrist, then the other.  It was quite a shock to realize that
she was wearing handcuffs!  Janet twisted her arms to experiment in her
first time in some form of bondage.

	"Go ahead.  Try all you want.  You'll never get out of those cuffs,"
Andrea stated.

	Andrea pushed Janet to her knees, producing another kind of chain.  This
one had cuffs at each end, but had about two feet of chain between them. 
These she placed on Janet's ankles, again clicking the ratchets shut until
they bit upon her flesh.  Janet was captive!

	"Now, just one last thing," said Andrea as she went into a bedside cabinet
and removed a black leather object.

	Janet soon discovered that it was a blindfold that fit snugly over her
eyes.  It cut off all of her vision totally.  Naked, bound, and
blindfolded, Janet wondered what would happen next.

	She felt Andrea's fingers grab her arm and pulled until she was again
standing.  Then she began to walk leading Janet along slowly so that she
could take hobbled steps.

	Finally they reached their destination.  Janet heard machinery and guessed
that they were in front of an elevator.  She heard the door open and they
stepped inside.  Then she felt the elevator descend.

	After they came to a stop, Andrea again pulled her along.  Then she felt
that they were in another room.  Janet heard nothing except for the wet
sounds that Andrea's rubber uniform made whenever it moved.  Then she felt
Andrea unlocking her handcuffs, and raising her arms.  Backing Janet to a
wall, Janet felt some kind of projections there.  Andrea was taking special
care to maneuver Janet into someplace special.  When she felt Andrea
release her, Janet held still, not certain of what was going to happen
next.  She then felt a bar close, which confined her neck and wrists. 
Janet was bound to the wall by stocks!  But still she couldn't see
anything!  She decided to keep silent, as she did not know what would get
her punished.  At this stage probably anything would be sufficient.

	 Janet twisted within her wooden prison, and found that the stocks were
made of wood.  The holes for her head and wrists were lined with fur, so
that she would not hurt herself while confined.  She pulled her ankle chain
without effect, and waited for something to happen.

	Finally after some time, Janet heard a woman's heels click as she walked
across the floor.  After being in darkness for some time, Janet felt her
blindfold being removed.  Suddenly there was light!  She had been expecting
a gloomy dungeon.  Instead she was in a brightly-lit dungeon with a stone
floor and walls, with chains hanging from the ceiling and various devices
on the walls and ceiling.

	What shocked Janet was what she saw in front of her.  Before her was a
truly beautiful Blonde woman.  The woman was naked and stretched into the
shape of an X by her bonds.  Her ankles and wrists were encased in leather
bracelets, and each was linked to a bar about three feet apart.  A chain
from the ceiling was attached to the wrist bar, which stretched her so that
her toes strained to reach the floor.  Janet wondered why the woman did not
cry out.

	The reason was a red rubber ballgag in her mouth, and a strap that went
around her cheeks and buckled in the back.  The woman shifted without
result in her chains, and a small moan escaped her gag.

	"Well now, are you impressed?" Erica asked.

	Janet turned her head to look at her Mistress, and received another shock.
 Erica was now dressed in a leather outfit that included high-heeled boots,
leather skirt, plus a matching bra.  It all accentuated the fact that Erica
was a beautiful woman.

	"Is this what you expected?" asked Erica.

	"Yes Mistress," Janet quickly answered.

	"I would like to introduce you to Tiffany," said Erica, "Tiffany has been
once of my slave girls for quite some time.  Haven't you, dear?"

	All that Tiffany could do was nod her answer.

	"You must realize that to be a slave girl your body will belong to me,"
Erica said as they walked over to the suspended Tiffany.

	Erica began to caress Tiffany's naked body.  First she began by touching
the bound woman's shoulders, then moving to pinch her underarms, making
Tiffany flinch.  Then she cupped her breasts, kneading her erect nipples. 
Finally, one hand moved down to her pussy, massaging her sex.  This caused
Tiffany to flinch again, rustling her chains.

	Just for emphasis, Erica circled Tiffany several times.

	"You see, as Mistress I have total control over my slaves.  Their bodies
belong to me.  And women are harsher towards one another."

	"Yes Mistress," Janet answered.

	Tiffany remained silent.  Janet did not know what would happen next, but
her attention was riveted to Tiffany's plight.

	"Of course, slave girls are not merely bound and gagged.  They are
punished also," calmly stated Erica.

	Erica went to the stone wall and took down a coiled leather whip that been
hanging there.  It was long and sinuous, with a thick braided handle.

	"Now Tiffany just loves to be whipped, don't you?" questioned Erica.

	Tiffany nodded her head, her eyes wide at the sight of Erica handling the
whip.

	"Just you watch carefully," said Erica, "and if you make a sound there's a
ballgag for you also.  Plus more punishment for Tiffany."

	Erica circled Tiffany several times, handling the whip and cracking it in
the air.  Her heels clicked on the floor each time she took a step. 
Finally she came to a stop in front of Tiffany.

	"Tiffany, you've been a bad girl lately.  You haven't come to see me
lately, and you know how that makes me feel.  I wonder why that is?  Are
you seeing a man perhaps, or another Mistress!" shouted Erica as she swung
the whip.

	The whip whistled through the air a it contacted Tiffany's body, wrapping
itself around the bound woman's figure, finally coming to rest with a
distinct crack as the tip impacted her body.  Tiffany jumped uselessly
again her bonds, straining against them.  However, it had no effect.  She
squealed through her gag.

	"Surely that didn't hurt that much," said Erica as she swung the whip
again.

	Just as before, it swung with deadly effect. This time the tip came to
rest on Tiffany's right breast.  She strained against her bonds.

	Erica swung the whip again and again, each time coming to rest on another
part of Tiffany's naked figure.  Squeals of pain came from the bound girl's
gag, and her body was soon beaded in sweat.  Janet watched in awe as long
red welts gradually marked the girl's body.  Tears ran from Tiffany's eyes
as the whip impacted time and again on her flesh.  She continued to pull
with futility at her bonds, her wrists pulling at the bracelets that
confined them.

	It seemed a fantastic tableau for Janet to witness.  Tiffany was a truly
beautiful girl, perfectly formed.  She had a lovely shape, high breasts,
and great legs and hips.  Janet wondered what such a lovely girl was doing
here, chained and being whipped by a Mistress.

	Tiffany appeared to be in real pain as the whip landed repeatedly on her
flesh.  Erica seemed to be aiming for Tiffany's pussy.  Each time that
happened, the bound girl squealed again and again.  Tears ran down her
cheeks, staining her white flesh.

	"Stop it," Janet cried out, "can't you see she's in real pain?  Stop it. 
Whip me instead."

	Erica turned towards Janet, fury clearly in her eyes and body language.

	"I told you to keep silent.  This first thing a slave learns is to keep
her mouth shut!  A lesson which you have failed to learn."

	Erica replaced the whip on the wall.  Then she walked over to Janet, who
could not move against her bonds.

	"I promised a gag for you too!" she said as she removed the gag from her
skirt.
  
	 It was a leather strap with a roller buckle, with a large red rubber ball
for the mouth.

	"Now open wide," ordered Erica.

	Erica then pushed the rubber ball into Janet's mouth.  Janet opened her
mouth, and she bit down on the ball as Erica buckled the strap at the back
of her neck.

	Janet tried to say something, but the ball prevented her from saying
anything at all.  About all she could manage was "mmmph."  The gag had
conquered her.

	Erica glared at the disobedient girl.  She shook her finger at Janet.

	"And now, just to show you that something you may do may cause somebody
else pain, I'm going to again punish Tiffany for your outburst!"

	Erica then walked over to Tiffany and removed her ball gag.  Tiffany's
chest heaved as she took several deep breaths.

	"Mistress," she asked, "permission to speak?"

	"Permission granted."

	"Thank you for punishing me tonight.  I really love it when you punish me.
 I love your whip.  Please punish me again."

	Erica turned to Janet.  She looked over the bound girl with contempt.

	"So you see, Tiffany loves her punishment.  She comes here whenever she
feels the need.  Or when I want her.  And now for her discipline."

	Erica then selected something else from the wall.  This was a rigid
leather wrapped black object, with a circular strap, which Erica placed
around her wrist and a thin handle.  Erica presented the handle to Tiffany,
who did not need to be told to kiss it, which she did several times.

	"This is called a riding crop," Erica stated, "it's used on horses, but a
better use is on naked girls.  Tiffany, I want you to count each stroke as
I deliver the blow.  You will count each stroke for the benefit of Janet
here, as I use this crop on you.  Perhaps Janet will learn from your pain."

	Erica began to flex the riding crop to show just how rigid it was.

	"It's a piece of bamboo encased in leather.  Just perfect for naked
girls."

	Then she struck.  The crop made a sharp sound as it struck Tiffany's
flesh.

	"One," she cried.

	"That wasn't so bad.  I'll just bet that you really want to count quite a
lot today," observed Erica.

	Two, Three, Four, Five, the numbers came from the lips of the bound girl
each preceded by the strike of the riding crop on the bound girl's flesh. 
Janet watched in silence at the performance of the Mistress and her slave
girl.  Tiffany was obviously very trained to accept her discipline with
such stoic courage.

	"Ten," cried Tiffany, stiffening her body for yet another stroke.

	"Fifteen."

	"Twenty," screamed Tiffany.

	Erica continued her punishment of Tiffany, unmoved by her slave's cry for
mercy.  She continued to inflict the crop on Tiffany's body.

	"Twenty-five.  Mercy, Mistress, please Mercy!"

	Erica stopped her thrashing of Tiffany, when the number of 25 had been
reached.  Her punishment was over.

	"That wasn't so bad, now was it?  Surely you can take both the whip and
the crop in one night?"

	"Yes, Mistress.  Thank you for punishing me."

	Erica again offered the crop's handle to Tiffany, who kissed it again and
again.  The girl was thankful for her bondage and punishment.

	"Andrea," called Erica.

	Andrea appeared, and she was still wearing her maid's uniform, except now
she had a hobble chain on her ankles.

	"Yes, Mistress."

	Erica then whispered something into Andrea's ear.  Erica watched with
approval as Andrea slowly walked over to Tiffany's wooden prison.  Then she
produced a key from her uniform, but not before Erica walked to the wall
and activated a switch that lowered Tiffany the inch or so to the floor.

	In short order Andrea unlocked Tiffany's ankles from the bar, and she
stood upright.  She did not close her legs, even though she must have been
in pain from being suspended.  Then her wrists were unlocked, and Tiffany
began to massage them.

	"Thank you Mistress," Tiffany said to Erica.

	"You are welcome, Tiffany.  Now go with Andrea and she will get you ready
for the night," directed Erica.

	Janet watched as Andrea produced a pair of handcuffs.  Tiffany was
evidently used to the procedure, and she turned her back while the cuffs
were locked upon her.  All that could be heard was the closing of the
ratchets as they clicked upon the wrists of the naked girl.  Then Andrea
pulled from the wall a collar and leash.  She proceeded to lock the collar
around Tiffany's neck.  Pulling on the leash, she led Tiffany away into a
concealed corridor.

	The two were out of sight when Erica turned to face Janet.  Erica was
still holding the riding crop, which she used to punish Tiffany.  In
addition, the Erica's exposed body gleamed with sweat, evidence of the
recent exertion involved in punishing the slave girl.

	"Well?" asked Erica.

	Janet remained in her wooden prison, the rubber ball gag keeping her from
making any response to Erica's question.  Janet could not answer her.  Much
as she had tried to dislodge the gag by any means, her efforts in nothing.
The gag was as firmly placed in her mouth as when Erica had buckled it in
there earlier in the evening.

	"Had a good time?  Have you enjoyed yourself?  Saw what you came to see?"

	Erica carefully looked Janet over.

	"Now let's see what you thought of the performance."

	Erica then casually placed her free hand over Janet's sex.  She forced two
fingers within her vagina, feeling around.  Janet had always been shy and
even ashamed of her body.  She had never been naked around other women,
even hiding in the locker rooms at school.  Now here she was, naked and
helpless before another woman who treated girls as slaves!

	Erica then withdrew her fingers, and Janet moaned through her gag.  The
leather-clad woman rubbed her fingers with Janet's cum.

	"Your mind may say no, but your body says yes.  I'll bet that you climaxed
several times," Erica observed.

	All that Janet could do was whimper.  She had never been felt like that
before by anyone.  Was that what it meant to be a slave?  Having your body
available at any time for someone to use?

	Erica then reached over to Janet, and unbuckled her ball gag.

	"Thank you, Mistress," said Janet when the ball was removed from between
her lips.

	"That's better.  I hope that you can now appreciate your position here. 
You are nothing to me at present, and deserve my punishment."

	"Yes, Mistress."

	"Do you have any questions?" Erica asked.

	"Mistress, did my outburst hurt Tiffany badly?" Janet asked.

	"If Tiffany had her way, she would be punished like that every week.  She
loves being a slave, and as much as I punished her, she wants to be
punished more."

	"Will I be whipped, Mistress Erica?" asked Janet

	"Of course.  That will be tomorrow.  You will, furthermore, ask and beg me
to whip you.  Don't ask what kind of torment you will endure.  Now let me
prepare you here for the night."

	In quick succession, the bar that imprisoned her neck and wrists was
opened, and Janet was free of the wall.  She was turned around and her arms
were cuffed behind her back again.  Erica did not bother to remove the
hobble chain from Janet's ankles, so she had to lead her slowly.  Janet
meanwhile had a new experience in being led to an unknown fate.

	Though she was not blindfolded this time, she was too scared to note the
route where she was going.  She saw prison bars.

	It was a jail cell in the basement!  Since she had already seen both a
dungeon and a girl being whipped, nothing would surprise her anymore.

	Erica then opened the cell and pulled her over towards the bed.  Hanging
from the wall was a collar and chain, which was attached to a ringbolt. 
She locked the collar around Janet's neck.  Erica then released Janet's
wrists from the handcuffs.

	"The chain allows you a little freedom, and there's a hidden toilet.  I
don't believe in leaving a new girl alone for the night," said Erica as she
walked outside the cell and locked the door.

	Erica then touched a hidden switch, and one of the cell walls began to
rise.  Looking through another sets of bars she saw Tiffany sitting on a
bed, massaging her wounds.  She was collared as Janet was, and Janet traced
the chain to the wall where it was locked.

	Tiffany was secured as was Janet herself.

	"Bye now girls.  Don't make too much noise, or else there are ball gags
for both of you," laughed Erica as she clicked her heels down the corridor

	"Hi, I'm Tiffany," said the girl as she turned around.

	"I'm Janet."

	"Are you new here?" Tiffany asked, "I've never seen you before."

	Janet tried to walk over to the bars separating the two naked chained
women, but was frustrated by the shortness of the chain.  She did discover
a sink and toilet set in an alcove.

	"I'm here for the first time.  Was it really that bad being whipped by
Erica?  Did the riding crop hurt you that much?"

	"It's not so bad.  I hated it at first, but I don't mind it now.  You will
too," Tiffany answered.

	"Do you resent me for having caused you pain?  I'm very sorry about that,
I guess I should have kept my mouth shut."

	"No.  I've been punished many times before and harsher too.  Counting is
just a game that Erica likes to play with her slaves.  When she doesn't,
then watch out!  That's when she is really out to punish you."

	Janet sighed.  Just a few hours ago, she had been totally free.  Now here
she was in a prison cell after having witnessed another woman's punishment.
 Still, she had asked to be here.  Tomorrow she knew that no matter how she
felt, she would ask to be whipped.  Having gone so far, Janet did not want
to chicken out now.  Besides if this gorgeous blonde could take it, so
could she!

	"Does it really hurt a lot to be whipped?  I'm to be whipped tomorrow,"
stated Janet.

	Tiffany massaged the red marks that decorated her body.  The red welts
were numerous, and traced around all of her feminine curves.

	"It does at first.  It violates everything that you have ever been trained
to think as a girl."

	The thought that she had been naked before not just one woman but three
gave Janet shivers.  That she was now chained and to be punished was almost
in the realm of the fantastic.

	Abruptly, the lights began to dim.

	"Well, bedtime," said Tiffany, "That's Erica's way of saying to wash up
and get some sleep.  If we don't........."

	There was no need for Tiffany to explain to Janet the penalties if they
failed to take the hint from their Mistress.  Never had Janet felt either
so naked or so helpless.  She pulled the sheet over herself as the climbed
into bed.  All she heard was Tiffany's breathing plus the occasional sob.
Janet settled down to her first night as a slave girl.

				The End of Chapter One




Janet in Training
Chapter Two: Introduction to Discipline

	The next day's beginning could not have been more surprising for Janet. She 
  had slept deeply in her jail cell, and so had Tiffany. Janet had rolled over 
  bed, finally coming awake. 

	Abruptly she realized where she was and what she had seen the previous
night.  Janet felt the collar around her neck, and the chain leading to the
wall.  Just for emphasis she pulled on the chain which had no effect. 
There was nothing that a naked girl could do against the implacable nature
of steel.

	"Good morning," greeted Tiffany as she stretched her arms and rubbed her
eyes.

	"Are we allowed to talk?" asked Janet.

	"Sure, the lights are on.  From the way we've slept, I'd say it was ten,
maybe eleven in the morning.  It's hard to tell when you're locked in a
dungeon."

	"What happens now?" 

	"Andrea will come by and release us so we can bathe and eat.  I'm
starved," answered Tiffany.

	Janet had to take some time to assimilate all this.

	"You've been reading too many cheap novels.  We're not going to kept in
the dungeon all day long," said Tiffany.

	As if on cue, Andrea arrived at that moment.  She again wore her rubber
Maid's uniform, except that today's was red instead of black.  Her ankle
chains from the previous night were gone, and Janet noticed that she was
wearing a pair of spike heels with a leather strap that was locked around
her ankles.  She held a set of keys, and in no time both Janet and Tiffany
were freed from their chains.

	The three women then went upstairs in an elevator, one clothed in rubber,
two naked.  Once upstairs, Andrea showed them to the bathroom where both
took baths and cleaned themselves.  For the first time in her life, Janet
did not feel self-conscious as she attended to herself in the presence of
another girl who was as naked as her.  Janet and Tiffany each took turns
soaping the other, and Janet had a close look at the marks on Tiffany's
skin.  Not only were there fresh marks, but older ones as well.

	When asked, Tiffany shrugged off her marks.  She had worn them for too
long, and the novelty had ceased.

	"When you're marked, you really can't wear any revealing clothes, so buy
something that will cover up well!  Whip marks are a little hard to explain
these days!" exclaimed Tiffany.

	Once both women were clean and dry, Tiffany knelt on the floor.  She
motioned for Janet to do the same.  Tiffany placed her hands behind her
head, and spread her knees far apart.  Janet copied her every move.

	After a few minutes, Andrea appeared.  She saw that both girls were ready,
and she unlocked a cabinet.  From there, she produced a series of leather
objects.  Tiffany's turn came first, and Janet watched as she was collared.
 Then her wrists and ankles were encased in leather bracelets.  Next,
Andrea produced a pair of leather spike heels that must have been five
inches tall that she locked on Tiffany's feet.  Finally, while Tiffany was
standing, she locked a leather belt around her waist, then pulled a leather
strap between her legs and locked it in front with a small padlock.

	Janet did not understand the purpose of the last device until she was
locked into the same outfit as Tiffany.  Once she was wearing a collar and
bracelets, and the strap pulled between her legs did she realize that it
was a chastity belt!

	"It's always the new girls that are the most sex starved," said Andrea,
"That's why you will wear a chastity belt.  Can't have you girls getting
off during training."

	Both girls stood in silence.

	"I don't want to find you touching or kissing.  If you do, you'll be
wearing a dildo inside that belt, and maybe one up your behind also.  So
behave, sluts," cautioned Andrea.

	Andrea fed them both in the kitchen, and Erica seemed to have vanished. 
After breakfast, both girls helped Andrea do the housework.  They made the
beds, washed and vacuumed the floors, and did the laundry.  It was the very
picture of domesticity, except that Janet was naked and she had to be
careful with every step while perched on the heels!

	Once lunch was over, Andrea announced a break.  Tiffany asked if they
could go outside, and Andrea granted her request.

	Feeling very naked, she trailed behind Tiffany as they walked outside in
the garden.

	"How can you go outside?" questioned Janet.

	"Would you rather be chained in the dungeon?" answered Tiffany.

	"But suppose someone sees us!"

	"Not too likely.  The walls are very high, there are no trees nearby that
someone might climb, and Erica is a very private and wealthy person. 
Anyone taking her on might be risking their life," replied Tiffany.

	Following Tiffany's lead, Janet stayed on the cobbled walk.  She didn't
want her heels to sink into the soft ground.

	"Tiffany, why are you a slave?  You're drop dead gorgeous and could get
any man you wanted.  I'd kill for good looks like yours?"

	"Beauty," answered Tiffany, "can be a blessing or a curse.  The only men I
meet in life are selfish pricks that think only of themselves.  I even met
one guy that wanted me to be a prostitute!  I feel relieved of
responsibility when I'm a slave.  And that's just fine with me.  Here,
you'll find you have a clear role to play.  And you'll enjoy doing it!"

	"Can we go inside?" asked Janet.

	"Why, we just go out here."

	"I've got to find Andrea to let me out of this belt.  I've got to go to
the bathroom!"

	"Sure," answered Tiffany.

	Once inside the house, both girls were allowed to attend to their toilet.
Then they cleaned the Mansion some more.

	"I guess this place stays pretty clean," Janet observed.

	"It does when you clean it every day and you have slave girls eager to do
your bidding.  I wonder just how many other Mansions in Connecticut have
naked slaves to clean house," answered Tiffany.

	During the afternoon, Janet had been working with Andrea.  She helped the
maid with the housework without complaint, and she noted that Andrea always
had a riding crop nearby.  Janet thought that it was to be used on her,
except that Mistress Erica had not yet whipped her first.  Working naked
next the Maid was a humbling experience, and Janet wondered just what would
happen next.

	"Mistress Erica wants to see you in the library," said Andrea, after
glancing at the clock.

	"Thank you," answered Janet.

	In the high heels, Janet had to walk carefully to the library.  Even
though she had been summoned to see Mistress Erica, it was still new to
Janet.

	Janet knocked on the door, not certain of what to expect.  Why would Erica
want to see her now?

	"Come in, Janet," said Erica.

	Janet entered the library.  Erica was seated behind her desk and a small
table and chair had been set up in the library since she had been there in
the morning.

	"You wanted me, Mistress Erica?" asked Janet.

	"Yes.  Be seated," ordered Erica, "in the chair."

	Not certain of what was happening, Janet seated herself before the small
table.  On it was a white legal pad, and a black ballpoint pen.

	"Do you know why you are here?" Erica questioned.

	"No, Mistress."

	"Good.  It is not enough that you just want to be my slave.  I have to
find out why, and so do you," said Erica.

	Janet remained silent; not understanding what Erica was talking about.

	"Just saying that you want to be my slave, or even submitting to my whip,
is not enough.  I have to discover why you want to be a slave.  Therefore,
I want you to begin to write all of your most intimate details.  I have to
know your family history, your sexual relations, your thoughts about being
naked and seeing Tiffany whipped.  Everything."

	"Mistress, I don't understand?" Janet asked.

	"I have to know why you want to be a slave.  There are important reasons
why I have to find out psychologically why you want to submit to a
Mistress."

	"I can't, Mistress," Janet answered.

	"If you cannot bare your soul to me on paper, then you will be unable to
do so under my lash.  You will be automatically rejected as being
unsuitable.  Is that what you want?"

	"No, Mistress."

	"Then I shall leave you alone in the library for the rest of the
afternoon.  When Andrea returns, I expect to see several pages about you
and your life, about why you are here.  If you cannot do this, then you
will make an unsuitable slave," said Erica as she rose from the desk.

	"Mistress, is this for your protection?" asked Janet.

	"No, Janet.  It's for your protection so that you don't make a serious
mistake," Erica answered as she closed the library door.

	With the sun's rays warming her skin, Janet picked up the pen.  Janet
hesitantly began to bare her soul on paper as Erica had ordered, and it was
the hardest thing that she had ever done.     

	After dinner, both girls were left chained in a room together.  Their
collars were locked to ringbolts in the walls, keeping them apart.  The
chastity belts had been removed, and Janet had felt horny all the time that
she had been wearing hers.

	"Well at least we're not gagged," observed Tiffany, "at least I've got
somebody to talk to."

	The door suddenly opened, and Tiffany fell silent.  Andrea walked though
the door, still wearing her red rubber Maid outfit.  Janet idly wondered if
she would ever get to it.

	"Well, ladies.  Erica is waiting.  Now stand!" she ordered.

	Both girls quickly got to their feet, but Janet stumbled due to her
unfamiliarity with the high heels that were locked onto her feet.

	Standing silently, Janet watched as Tiffany's hands were first locked
behind her back.  The collar and bracelets that they both wore had numerous
rings in the shape of a "D", which Janet assumed were used to attach them
to whatever their Mistress desired.

	Andrea then produced a gag, but of a different type.  This was a more
elaborate affair than the simple one that Janet had seen the day before. 
She watched as the gag was first buckled at the back of Tiffany's neck, and
then a chinstrap came next.  Finally, with her nose surrounded by two
straps that joined at her forehead, a single strap was pulled backwards
that was joined to a buckle from the main straps.

	"It's called a ball gag trainer," said Andrea.

	She next produced the same kind of blindfold that Janet had worn the
previous night.

	"Your turn, sweetie," said Andrea.

	Janet shivered with anticipation as she opened her mouth and the ball was
inserted, forcing her jaws apart.  She tried to fight the invader, but her
wrists had already been joined behind her back.  The gag was soon in place,
and she squirmed when Andrea buckled it at the nape of her neck.

	Next, she was blindfolded, as was her companion.  Then she felt herself
being unlocked, and pulled towards Tiffany.  She felt Andrea attached a
chain to her collar, then the additional sounds of chain being attached. 
Probably to Tiffany's collar.

	Then she felt a tug on her collar chain, and she followed.  She guessed
that Andrea had chained them both together, and was walking them both with
Tiffany leading.

	Her steps were slow and deliberate, given the heels that she wore.  Taking
baby steps was essential to avoid falling.

	Janet shivered with anticipation as she wondered what would happen to her.
 Erica said that she herself would ask to be whipped.  In fact, she had
already done so in asking to be punished instead of Tiffany.

	Once in the dungeon, their blindfolds and gags were removed and Janet saw
Erica again.  Her eyes widened when she saw that the woman was dressed
entirely in a red rubber outfit with a matching pair of high heels.  Around
her waist was a belt that cinched her middle tightly.

	"Well now, girls, ready for another night of fun?" Erica demanded.

	Janet did not know what to do.  This was her second trip to the dungeon,
and she was not sure what she was supposed to say.  She looked over at
Tiffany, who stood in silence.  Unlike Janet, she was not even shivering in
her chains.  She was evidently quite used to being in the power of another
woman.

	"Yes, Mistress," Tiffany answered, "please punish me harshly."

	Following the lead of her companion in steel, Janet decided to venture an
answer of some kind.

	"Yes, Mistress, please discipline me for the first time so that I may know
your whip," said Janet.

	"Good.  I trust that you both will be good little slave girls.  Now Janet,
come over here," ordered Erica.

	Andrea had unlocked her collar from Tiffany's, so that Janet was free to
walk.  Even if it meant stepping carefully in the five-inch heels. She
stood in front of Mistress Erica with her head bowed, seeing how the red
rubber Catsuit clung to every curve of her beautiful body.

	"Bend down, in fact, get on your knees," Erica ordered.

	Janet did as she was instructed.  She knelt in silence at the feet of her
Mistress.

	"Do you, Janet, agree to accept your training as my personal slave?"

	"Yes, Mistress," Janet replied.

	"That you agree to accept whatever form of confinement that I may order
for you?"

	"Yes, Mistress."

	"And that you accept whatever form of punishment that I may decide for
you, no matter how painful or tormenting?"

	"Yes, Mistress."

	"And that you will accept whoever I may decide to yield the whip in my
place, should I desire someone else to punish you?"

	"Yes, Mistress."

	"And finally that you agree to keep your mouth shut about any and all
activities that you may engage in here, upon penalty of expulsion or
worse?"

	"Yes, Mistress."

	"First you may kiss one of my shoes lovingly, for you now belong to me,"
stated Erica.

	Janet did so, kissing the red shoe.  All she saw of her Mistress at that
point were her two red shoes with high heels.

	"Rise then, Janet," commanded Erica.

	Janet rose from her knees, and wondered what would happen next.

	"There is now one more that you are going to learn as my slave.  Should
you ever be punished beyond your capacity for pain, you must plead for
mercy.  Any responsible Mistress will heed your plea.  Do you understand?"
asked Erica.

	Janet nodded yes in silence.

	"Good, now for your first discipline with me," said Erica.

	Janet was led by Erica who pulled on one of the D rings on her collar to
another dungeon.  This was through one of the walls of the first room,
which was really just a false wall.  This one was similar to the other,
except that it had a steel cage in one corner.  Was Janet to be locked in
the cage?

	Janet suddenly noticed a metal chain hanging from the ceiling.  Erica
pulled Janet over to the chain, and unlocked the bracelets from behind her
back, then to the ceiling chain.  Janet realized her position.  Here she
was, naked and chained in the middle of a dungeon with her arms over her
head.  Every part of her body was exposed!  Last night she had seen Tiffany
marked.  Now it would be her turn.

	"I said yesterday that you would be the one to ask me to whip you.  After
a while of hanging here, you will ask me to whip you when I return."

	Janet was in no discomfort.  Surely the Mistress must be joking!"

	"However, it does get more interesting," said Erica.

	Erica than walked over to a panel hidden in the wall.  She steadily
darkened the lights in the room until there was nothing left but a bearable
gloom.  Then Janet felt the chain holding her wrists go taut, and Janet
began to rise from the floor to the point where by straining her heels
could just reach the floor.  Her leather wrist cuffs creaked with the
strain, and Janet's body was pulled tight.

	"Mistress," cried Janet.

	"Surely you don't hurt that much already now do you?" Erica asked.

  	Janet twisted while suspended from the floor, her wrists and shoulders
bearing all of her weight for the first time.

	"Now why don't you hang there for a little while since I can't neglect
Tiffany.  You can yell, scream, howl as much as you want.  I won't gag you
just yet, not till you've been trained like Tiffany.  After you've hung
like this for a while you can ask me to whip you.  And I'm sure that you'll
be grateful for it."

	"Thank you, Mistress," said Janet as Erica walked away.

	Janet heard the door close, and she was left alone in the darkened
dungeon.  She twisted slowly around, and her feet strained to reach the
stone floor.  She watched the room go by, seeing all of the devices in the
gloom.  She knew that they were all designed for one purpose: in inflict
pain and suffering.

	There was little for Janet to do.  She tried to pull herself up so that
she could grab the ceiling chain, but she lacked the strength to do so. 
She could make herself turn slowly by trying to reach the floor, and that
was all.  Janet heard her leather cuffs creak from the strain.  Somehow
Janet didn't think that they would somehow break and set her free.

	Her wrists and shoulders soon began to hurt, and all she could do was try
and reach the floor.  All that did was to stretch her nakedness even
further.

	She heard the click of heels.  Was Erica coming back to check on the
condition of her charge?  If so, then Janet would gladly ask to be whipped.
 Surely no girl could bear to hung like this for a long period of time!

	"Mistress Erica asked me to check on you.  Do you like being suspended?"
questioned Andrea.

	"Andrea.  Please let me down?" meekly asked Janet.

	"You know I can't do that.  Mistress would cut us both to ribbons if I did
that.  Besides, you took your oath.  You have to learn your new place as a
slave girl."

	"I guess you're right," Janet answered.

	It still didn't make her plight any easier to take.

	"Still, I did come here for a purpose. And I have no desire to be whipped
on your account."

	Janet wondered just what Andrea had been sent in here to do.  There was
certainly nothing that Janet could do to escape!

	Andrea opened a hidden panel and withdrew a full size mirror mounted on
wheels.  She pushed it directly in front of Janet so she could see just
what she looked like in her present state.  Janet was startled to see
herself naked and stretched in the mirror.  Every part of her was visible,
including her breasts and sex.  She realized how open and vulnerable she
was to anything that might be done to her.

	As if to demonstrate her plight, Andrea stood in front on Janet.  She then
began at Janet's underarms to caress and pinch her skin.  Janet's breasts
next received the same treatment.  Janet's nipples were soon erect from all
the attention they were receiving.

	Then Andrea's fingers traced her waist around, and felt the ribs through
her strained skin.  Finally her fingers reached Janet's sex.  Earlier, she
had been wearing a chastity belt, which had prevented Tiffany from doing
anything to her sex.  But now she was chained in the dungeon, and Erica and
Andrea would have full use of her!

	Andrea massaged Janet's sex, causing Janet to respond.  There was little
else that she could do.  Even though she was pained by her suspension, she
still felt her heart beat faster as she reacted to Andrea's ministrations.
Janet moaned in response as waves of pleasure washed over her naked form.

	Janet wondered what must have been happening to Tiffany.  Surely her
companion must be enduring a whipping or worse.  Concerned with her own
plight, she gasped at the assault of her sex.

	Just before she climaxed, Andrea stood back.  Janet hung frustrated in her
chains.

	"There would be a great penalty for me if I gave you an orgasm right now.
I was told to get you to the brink of one, then withdraw."

	Andrea then laughed and walked away.  All that Janet could do was too look
in the mirror and hang there, frustrated.

	She did not know how long she had been here.  One hour, two perhaps.  Then
Andrea walking in and fondling her sex like that.  She had never felt so
bad in her entire life.

	"Having a good time?" asked Erica.

	Janet did not hear or see her Mistress enter.  Erica was clearly sweating,
one of the effects of wearing the rubber Catsuit.  She had evidently been
doing some sort of physical activity.  Janet could only guess that Tiffany
had been receiving her punishment for the night.

	"Please Mistress, whip me, and let me down, please!" cried Janet.

	"I don't think that you're ready yet, darling.  Just a little more, and
you'll be in the right state."

     	Erica vanished as quickly as she had appeared.  Janet pulled at her
wrist cuffs to no avail.  There was nothing she could do except stare at
herself in the mirror.

	Suddenly the dungeon itself seemed cold and forbidding.  How terrible it
was for a bound girl to be here, alone for hour after hour.  In one corner
sat a steel cage, with its door left open.  Janet could easily see herself
locked inside, naked and lonely.

	Janet had no way of measuring how much time had elapsed.  All she knew was
that her wrists and shoulders hurt terribly.  She wondered how much agony
she was supposed to endure before her real agony was to begin.

	Hanging, she slowly began to cry.  All her life, she had been taught that
the way to influence a man had been to cry.  Except that here, she faced
not a man but a woman who could easily see through her feminine ways.

	Just when it seemed that Janet was at her loneliest, she heard the click
of heels approaching.  She wondered what was going on.  Was she finally
going to introduced to the whip?

	The lights in the dungeon suddenly went on full.  What had been dungeon
gloom a few seconds earlier was now under full illumination.  Janet blinked
her eyes to restore her vision.

	"Well now," said Erica, "Are you ready to be whipped?"

	"Yes, Mistress, please whip me," Janet answered.

	Janet noted that Erica led Tiffany by a leash attached to her collar. 
Tiffany's hands were bound behind her back, and a ball gag again filled her
mouth.

	"Since I whipped Tiffany yesterday for you, I think it only proper that
she should be the audience for your punishment," stated Erica.

	Janet looked over Tiffany's chained form.  The blonde stood in her
condition fitfully, sometimes moving slightly.  Tiffany had again been
whipped quite thoroughly, and new whip marks were clearly evident on her
shapely body.

	Erica then pulled her captive over to the waiting cage. She removed the
leash and ball gag, then unlocked her arms only to lock them in front
again.  Tiffany, her chest heaving, was then pushed through the door into
the cage.  Erica then closed the cage, which locked by itself immediately.
Tiffany's fingers grasped the bars of the cage.

	Tiffany was now a bound girl locked in a steel cage from which there was
no escape.  Janet had watched her punishment yesterday, and now their roles
were reversed.

	Having finished with Tiffany, Janet realized that the moment of truth for
her would soon arrive.  Erica would shift her attentions to Janet.

	Erica took a whip that had been hanging from the nearest wall, and walked
in front of Janet. The mirror had been pushed aside to give Erica more
freedom to work on Janet.

	"Well now, are we ready?" asked Erica.

	"Yes, Mistress."

	"Do you want to be whipped so that I will let you down to the floor, or
because it will give your Mistress pleasure?"

	Janet puzzled over the question.  If she gave a wrong answer, perhaps she
would suffer some worse punishment.  If she answered with a lie, then she
would again receive some discipline for her reply.  Either way, she was
going to feel the sting of the lash!

	"Mistress, please whip me for your own pleasure," answered Janet.

	"Good.  I hope that you didn't think that you would get off easy because
you're getting punished.

	"After I whip you, I might let you hang there for another hour or two.  Or
I might let you down right away."

	Janet had been right.  Feminine wiles were of no value here.  Tears,
pouting, and attitude mattered little when you faced a woman holding a
whip.

	"I want you to kiss the handle for me," instructed Erica.

	Janet did so, willingly.  Her lips left a small red outline of lipstick on
the leather handle.  Before, she had only kissed people.  Now she was
embracing the instruments of her torment.

	"Mistress?"

	"Yes, Janet."

	"Thank you for the punishment I am about to receive, and......"

	Janet screamed when Erica swung the whip for the first time, and it
wrapped itself around Janet's suspended figure.

	"Surely you don't think that by being submissive you might escape?  You've
only just started your training, slave."

	Erica then struck again, the whip curling itself around Janet's wracked
form.  The tip hit her behind, making Janet tense against her bonds.  Her
shoulders pulled her up a bit, then she relaxed again.

	Janet screamed again and again as the whip struck, hurting more each time.
 In spite of being in pain, Janet soon realized that she was becoming
sexually excited by her torment.  She had been terribly embarrassed the day
before when she had realized that she had climaxed when she had been
Tiffany whipped.

	Now she was the one being punished, and it was having the same effect on
her.  Erica circled her slave deliberately, showing the whip for good
effect.

	Janet realized that to ask for mercy would be useless.  Tiffany was a
trained slave, and the limits of her endurance were probably well known to
Erica.  Janet was virgin flesh, meaning she now had to learn what it meant
to be a slave girl.

	That did not help her as the whip struck her bare flesh and hurt terribly.

	Janet confined her responses to cries for help, which echoed in the
dungeon.

	"Having a good time?" demanded Erica.

	Janet was grateful for the momentary pause in her torment.
  
	"Yes, Mistress."

	Erica struck Janet several times more, leaving her panting from the
exertions.  Sweat was clearly visible on her features, from her exertions
with the whip.

	"Janet."

	"Yes, Mistress."

	"How much am I hurting you?"

	"More than I have ever been before, Mistress," Janet answered.

	"If you had a chance to escape your punishment, would you take it?"

	Janet considered the question.  She had borne more punishment than she had
ever believed possible.  Hung by her wrists, sexually aroused, and now
whipped, it seemed as if the last two days were a nightmare come true.

	Yesterday, she had increased Tiffany's punishment with her outburst.  If
she took the offer of her Mistress now, perhaps she or someone else would
have to pay a price for it.

	"Mistress, please continue and whip me very hard," answered Janet.

	Erica was glad that Janet did not take her offer.  Had she done so, it
would have been Tiffany who would have taken Janet's place.  Tiffany had
been whipped enough in the past few days, and Erica knew that she had been
worked enough.

	"Since you asked so nicely, Janet, I'll oblige your request."

	Erica swung the whip again, beginning another series of strokes.  Janet
tensed against her bonds again, screaming when the whip cut her flesh. 
Tears streaked down her cheeks as cried from the pain.

	Stealing a glance at the cage, she noted that Tiffany was right up against
the bars.  Each hand grasped a bar, and she could see the link that held
them close together.

	Tiffany knew to keep quiet.  She did not want her body whipped again, yet
she knew how it must hurt Janet for the first time.  Still it was better
for Janet to receive her punishment than to have it deferred. If Janet
wanted to be a slave girl, then she would have to pay the price for it.

	Erica then delivered a series of accurate stokes that landed between
Janet's legs and made her squeal.  Tears were streaming down Janet's
cheeks.  In spite of the pain, Janet had not called out for mercy.  Erica
knew that Janet would make a fantastic slave.

	"Janet."

	"Yes, Mistress."

	"You've been a very good girl today.  Now I want you to kiss the whip
again, and thank me for the punishment that you have received."

	Erica offered the whip handle to Janet, who kissed it eagerly several
times.

	"Mistress, thank you for the punishment I have received as your slave
girl," said Janet.

	Erica was pleased with Janet.  However, any girl at that point would
respond that way to escape any further correction.

	"Would you like it if I stopped whipping you now?"

	"Whatever my Mistress desires," Janet answered.

	"Good, then I'll just whip you for a little while longer."

	Janet was crestfallen.  She thought that by kissing the whip, her torment
would be at an end.  Instead she had again done something to merit further
discipline.

	Erica then directed the whip against Janet's breasts and sex, making her
scream extra hard.  For Janet, it seemed as if she had always hung there
and always would.

	After the additional strokes, Erica again offered the whip handle to
Janet.  The hanging girl kissed it again and again.

	"Thank you Mistress for the punishment that I have received," repeated
Janet.

	"Andrea!" called Erica as she coiled the whip and hung it on her belt.

	"Yes Mistress," greeted Andrea as she rushed to Erica's side.

	"You know what to do."

	Producing a key, Andrea unlocked Tiffany's cage, and led the naked girl
away.

	Erica let Janet down from her suspension.  Janet sighed when her heels
touched the floor, and she suddenly struggled to maintain her balance.

	"Thank you, Mistress," she cried.

	Tears flooded Janet's eyes as she realized that her punishment for the
moment was over.

	"You are probably thinking that you are finished for today," surmised
Erica, "and you are right.  I was satisfied by what you wrote for me in the
library earlier, so I have decided to accept your submission to me."

	"Thank you, Mistress," tearfully answered Janet.

	"However you have just begun your training as a slave girl," continued
Erica,  "you will learn the riding crop and the cane, the dildo and the
horse.  Do you think that you can take all that?"

	"Yes Mistress."

	"I must now repeat the lesson that you must learn as a slave girl.  That
you can only accept punishment up to you're capacity, and no more.  When
you cry for mercy, your Mistress should stop and not exceed your limits. 
You must never place yourself at the command of a Mistress who will abuse
her position.  Do you understand?"

	"Yes, Mistress Erica."

	"You merely think that you understand because you have been whipped for
the first time.  But there may come a time when your very life will depend
on the choice you make.  Remember that!" stated Erica.

	"Yes, Mistress Erica," answered Janet.

	Erica unlocked Janet's cuffs from the ceiling chain, and she lowered her
arms slowly, her shoulders in agony.  She then led the girl back to the
cell where Janet had spent the night before.  The wall was down, so that
Janet would not appear to have any company tonight.

	"Have a good rest tonight," advised Erica.

	Erica then locked her collar to a chain that ended to the ringbolt in the
wall.  Janet was again imprisoned in the cell.

	Sitting on the double bed, she realized that it was not the single she had
slept in the night before.  Janet noticed a long lump under the quilt. 
Quickly she lifted the covers and was shocked to discover Tiffany bound and
gagged.  The other slave girl had a collar chained to the same ring as
Janet herself.  A ball gag prevented her from uttering a sound.  Leather
straps held Tiffany's legs closed, along with one at her elbows.

	Janet quickly undid the straps that bound Tiffany's arms and legs
together.  She freed her wrists and ankles from the small snap link that
joined the D rings together.  Lastly she removed the ball gag, and found a
small key there, attached to the buckle.

	"What's this for? Asked Janet.

	"Try it," suggested Tiffany.

	The key didn't release the lock that held her to the wall, but it did undo
the locks that held her feet in the high heels.  Janet moaned with relief
when the heels were finally off, and then she proceeded to release
Tiffany's from the same shoes.

	"Am I going to be punished for releasing you?" asked Janet.

	"No. I'm your company for the night," answered Tiffany.

	"Oh Tiffany," cried Janet, "It hurt so much!"

	"It's all right.  You took the whip very well."

	"But I screamed so much!"

	"We all do.  Even behind a ball gag, if we are whipped while wearing one.
But you will get used to it.  Now let me treat your wounds."

	Tiffany filled a small basin and got a cloth from the hidden bathroom. 
Janet lay on the bed as Tiffany sponged her wounds, soothing the crying
girl as she did so.

	Janet had been whipped.  She could not believe that it had happened to
her.  She stole a glance at her companion, aware that she had been a slave
for quite some time.

	"My back must be torn apart," said Janet.

	"Not really, silly," replied Tiffany, "you may have felt like your skin
was being torn apart.  But Erica is a skilled Mistress.  You're barely
marked.  And as much I endured, she never drew blood.  Look, I'll show
you."

	The basin was made of metal.  After draining it, Tiffany held it so that
Janet could see her back, which she felt had been torn to ribbons.  Instead
she saw only a few marks.

	That night Janet found solace and comfort in the arms of Tiffany.  She had
never even considered that she might ever be attracted to another woman,
and might have been repulsed at the thought.  However, having been punished
and spending the night in a cell with someone who had endured the same
things made it seem normal.

	Tiffany was well used to comforting other girls.  She embraced Janet,
wiping her tears away and assuring the frightened girl that she had done
very well.

	The two girls sat on the bed, each naked and wearing identical collars and
bracelets.  Janet examined the one around her companion's neck, fingering
the leather.  She noticed that embossed into the leather was Tiffany's
name.

	"Yours has your name," observed Janet.

	"I've been here so long that it only seemed right to have my own collar
and bracelet set," replied Tiffany.

	Janet tried to pull hers off, but the leather was locked around her throat
firmly.

	"There's nothing one can do," Janet stated.

	"Not while we wear these," added Tiffany.

	"I can't believe I'm here.  I must be mad!"

	Tiffany shook her head.  Every slave girl always said the same thing at
the beginning.  She had also.

	"That's just normal.  But along with the pain there will also be
pleasure."

	"What sort of pleasure?" asked Janet.

	"Can't you think of something?  Here we are two naked girls, chained
together by our Mistress in a cell.  I'm sure that we can think of
something."

	Tiffany slowly began to caress Janet.  She drew the other girl towards
her, clasping her arms around Janet naked form.  Janet reached out eagerly
to Tiffany, and the rolled on the bed, kissing each other.

	Tiffany tongued her way down to Janet's pussy, and she buried herself in
her sex.  Janet moaned with pleasure as her companion explored her body,
sending waves of sensation through her entire body.

	Janet was glad for Tiffany.  The girl was a tower of strength, able to
withstand punishment without protest.  She hoped that she would be able to
learn from her.

	The two women made love together, far into the night.  Even after the
lights had dimmed, Janet seemed insatiable to explore Tiffany's lush naked
body.  She had never made love to another girl before, and Tiffany was a
willing teacher.

	She finally closed her eyes late into the evening, hearing soft moans from
her companion.
	*		*		*		*		*
	The next morning, they were both released by Andrea.  Janet was bathed and
dressed by Andrea, and she was conducted alone into the kitchen.  Andrea
had breakfast waiting: orange juice, eggs, toast and coffee.  Janet ate
alone by herself, and remained silent.

	When she was finished, Andrea re-entered the kitchen, alone.

	"Finished?" asked Andrea.

	"Yes, thank you," Janet answered.

	"Mistress Erica is waiting for you in the library, please follow me."

	Meekly, Janet rose from her chair and followed Andrea to the library. 
Andrea knocked on the door, and Janet heard Erica's voice biding them to
enter.  Erica was seated at her desk, an open file folder in front of her
along with a cup of coffee.

	"Thank you Andrea.  Janet, please take a seat."

	Janet seated herself in a leather chair directly in front of Mistress
Erica.

	"Andrea, we can be alone now."

	"Yes, Mistress," said Andrea as she closed the door behind her.

	"There now," said Mistress Erica, "are you all right, Janet?"

	"Yes, Mistress," Janet quickly answered.

	"Did you have a bath, breakfast?" questioned Erica.

	"Yes, Mistress."

	"Good," said Erica as she sat back in the chair and took a sip of coffee
from the mug.

	Janet remained silent, as she had learned not to speak unless spoken to.

	"Tell me Janet, what happened to you here this weekend?"  asked Erica.

	"I was outfitted and used as a slave."

	"And how do you feel about that?" demanded Erica.

	"I enjoyed it, Mistress."

	"Good.  Do you think that you can ever become a slave like Andrea or
Tiffany?"

	"I don't know, Mistress."

	"I'm glad you answered that honestly, Janet.  Do you want to return to be
further trained as a slave?" asked Erica.

	"Yes, Mistress, please," Janet answered.

	"Excellent.  Janet, there is one thing that I will have to caution you
about.  You are just at the beginning of a strange journey in your life,
one that will change completely how you think about sex.  Do you think that
you can make that adjustment?" asked Erica.

	"I'll try, Mistress."

	"Also, I want to say that there is nothing holding you here.  If you
should ever want to leave, to stop serving me, all you have to do is tell
me.  There is no shame in admitting that this life may not be for you,"
stated Erica.

	"Thank you, Mistress."

	"But there is one further caution I must give you, Janet.  If you are
successfully trained, then in a year's time, I shall use you until you call
your safeword."

	"Mistress?" Janet asked, shocked.

	"You must learn the difference between discipline and a beating.  A
beating is what happens when a Dom acts irresponsibly towards their
submissive.  You shall experience that from me only once, as a lesson in
the event you shall ever become a Dom yourself," said Erica.

	"Thank you, Mistress Erica."

	"I shall see you next weekend, Janet.  And prepare to have your flesh
striped again, only stronger next time."

	When Janet was in the limo going back home to Queens, Janet realized just
how Erica's eyes and voice had held her captivated as much as the leather
collar and bracelets had.

	'What have I got myself into?' Janet asked herself.

				The End of Chapter Two




Janet in Training
Chapter Three: Janet's Double Life

	For the next few months, Janet's life took on a strange double existence. 
After her first weekend with Mistress Erica, she had been given a strange looking 
ring that had a chain around it's entire circumference. Janet had slipped the 
ring on her index finger, where Erica had ordered. 

	From Monday through Friday she worked at her regular job in NY as a
secretary.  On Friday night, however, when most people were looking forward
to a normal weekend Janet would be preparing for something quite different.
 She would shower and clean up, shave her legs and eliminate as much body
hair as she could.  No bikini lines for a slave girl!

	She had asked a neighbor to keep an eye out for her apartment when she was
gone for the weekend.  Her neighbors thought that the limo that picked her
up every Friday might be taking her away to meet a rich date.  How
surprised they would be to know instead that it was instead taking her away
for a night in Erica's Dungeon!

	Once, while exploring NY on her lunch hour after a power failure had
cleared her building she heard of a strange shoe store near her job that
stocked unusual shoes.  She almost ran there, and nearly passed the place.
It was small but neat.  Displayed inside were the same kind of shoes that
Mistress Erica had forced her to wear as a slave.  She bought a pair that
could be locked on her ankles (a visit to a hardware store for the little
locks was next); a pair of calf high boots; and finally the clerk showed
her a pair of thigh high boots as well.  Janet was overjoyed and bought all
three.  Finally she would be able to get used to wearing such high heels at
home instead of just for a weekend.  It was a good thing that she had never
put down carpeting on her apartment.  This way she didn't have to worry
about tripping on the carpet while perched on those shoes!

	When the limo finally pulled up on Friday, Janet was glad that it had
arrived.  She had wondered just what might happen if she were to refuse to
come to Mistress Erica's Mansion.  But instead, every weekend, she
dutifully entered the limo and entered her double life of slavery.

	When it finally arrived at Erica's, Janet knew that she was late.  She
exited the car and walked briskly up the stairs to the door.  Andrea knew
when she had arrived since the gate had to be opened, and she was waiting
at the front door.

	"You're late," observed Andrea.

	"There was an accident on the Bridge."

	"You don't want to keep Mistress waiting," said Andrea.

	Janet followed Andrea back to what she called the "outfit room."  This was
where she and Tiffany would exchange their clothes for collars, bracelets,
and heels.  For two days Janet knew that she would be naked while in the
Mansion and Dungeon.  The only people who would be wearing anything would
be Erica and Andrea.

	Once there, she saw that Tiffany had preceded her.  Tiffany was already
naked and prepared, kneeling with her wrists and ankles locked behind her.
She was chained to the ringbolt set in the wall, and inside her mouth was a
red rubber ball gag.

	"It's all your fault," Andrea said.

	Janet said nothing as she removed her clothes and let Andrea examine her.
She kept quiet as Andrea probed her underarms and breasts.  Then she was
made to bend over and Andrea roughly examined her sex.

	"Wet already," commented Andrea, "you're some little Bondage Slut."

	In no time at all, she was wearing her collar, bracelets, and heels.  Made
to kneel on the floor with her wrists joined behind her back, she wasn't
surprised when Andrea produced a ball gag that was soon buckled in the
back.  Andrea than chained her to the same ringbolt as Tiffany, then left
the two girls alone.

	There was no way that Janet could communicate with Tiffany.  Both girls
were bound and gagged, and all they could do was to stare at one another
and think in their imposed solitude.

	After what seemed like an eternity, Andrea reappeared.  She quickly placed
blindfolds on both girls, then unchained them.  She made them stand up, and
chained their collars together.  Then she led them down to the dungeon by
pulling on a leash.  Since she felt an occasional tug on her collar in both
directions, Janet guessed that she was in the lead this weekend.

	Once they entered the dungeon, both were separated.  They were secured to
the stone wall, and Janet could hear Tiffany's heels as she stamped her
feet in frustration about what was going to happen next.

	Janet shivered in her nakedness.  All week long she had debated what to do
next.  Should she return to being trained, or send the ring back to Erica?
She had decided to go back since she had been bored with her formally
normal existence.

	Abruptly, Janet's blindfold was removed.  She saw her Mistress standing
before her, dressed this time in a black leather corset, stockings, and
thigh high leather boots.  The corset had pulled her waist in and stuck her
chest out for a beautiful effect on her figure.

	Janet saw that Tiffany was chained as she was to the other wall.  She
wondered who would be first tonight to feel the whip of their Mistress.

	"Ready for tonight, dear?" asked Erica.

	With the ball still in her mouth, Janet did not reply except to nod her
assent.

	"Pity I can't issue ballgags in the many companies I own.  It just might
keep the phone bills down," observed Erica.

	Erica then reached around Janet's neck and unbuckled the ball gag.  Even
though Janet had not worn it long, she was glad when the hateful object was
finally removed.

	"Since you're still in training, you know that I'm going to hurt you
deeply."

	"Yes, Mistress.  Please punish me harshly."

	Erica then traced the outline of Janet's breasts.  It was quite apparent
that she was leading up to something!

	"A slave girl can either be punished for something she has done, or for
nothing at all.  In addition, you can be punished for my pleasure alone. 
Now, what do you want to be punished with?  The whip or the riding crop?"

	Janet did not expect the question.  It was an interesting dilemma that she
had never been asked before.  How could she choose the instrument of her
discipline?

	"Whatever my Mistress desires shall be my method of punishment.  Please
use whatever will hurt me more and make me scream."

	"Good.  I think that we shall use the riding crop today.  It can really
hurt a naked girl."

	Erica then produced a key from the belt around her waist and unlocked
Janet's collar chain from the wall.  She then led Janet over to another
section of the Dungeon.  Janet did nothing as her wrists were secured to a
bar hanging from the ceiling, and then her ankles.  Janet realized that she
was bound in the manner that she had first seen Tiffany.

	The spreader bars that held her wrists and ankles were about three feet in
length.  That meant that every part of anatomy was exposed and vulnerable
to whatever the Mistress chose to do.  She shivered with anticipation.

	Andrea had unchained Tiffany and had led her away to the other Dungeon. 
Janet wondered what form of torment her companion would undergo tonight.

	Erica stood silently for a few moments, admiring the position of her
latest slave girl.  She watched the skin crawl on her exposed body,
wondering what would occur next.

	Erica had the riding crop already on her belt.  She brandished it in front
of her helpless captive.  Had Erica been in the horsey set, the crop would
have been used on one of them.  Instead, it was far better used on naked
girls.

	"Are you ready?" asked Erica.

	"Yes, Mistress."

	This time Erica began by striking Janet just once with the riding crop. 
The crop was a simple piece of equipment.  A long slender piece of bamboo
was encased in leather with a woven leather handle at one end, a loop to
hold while riding and at the end of the rod a small loop of leather.  It
would be either the rod or the loop at the end that would make contact with
the slave.

	Janet screamed.  All week she had been wondering if being whipped again
would somehow hurt less than any week since she had been in the Dungeon. 
Instead, when she again felt the pain when the crop struck on the outside
of her thigh did she realize that it didn't hurt any less then before.

	Mistress Erica worked methodically, placing new stripes on Janet's back,
behind, legs and breasts.  Janet heaved and cried out with each impact,
straining against her bonds.  In no time, she had begun to sweat from her
exertions.  Erica noticed the droplets running down Janet's body.

	"Are you having a good time?" asked Erica.

	"Yes Mistress.  Please continue," Janet cried.

	"But first, I have to see something, darling."

	Erica then placed her right hand over Janet's sex, kneading the sex of her
captive.  Janet knew that she had become excited by her ordeal.  She could
feel herself submitting to her own body.

	"Well now.  You're quite wet already, aren't you, Janet?"

	"Yes Mistress."

	"Do you want me to continue?"

	"Yes, Mistress, please.  I've been looking forward to feeling your riding
crop all week."

	Janet didn't know what had come into her.  The crop had hurt worse than
the whip, leaving red welts wherever it had struck.  She did not know how
many strokes she had taken, and she wondered how any girl could possibly
take so many.  Tiffany had taken twenty-five.

	Stroke!

	"Yeeoh," Janet cried.

	Erica continued where she had been before, leaving further marks on
Janet's skin.  She was taking her discipline well, and it was only Friday
night.

	"Janet, I will offer you a choice.  I have placed Tiffany in a rather
painful position.  If you take five more with the riding crop, I will let
you see her.  If you take five more, for a total of ten, I will free her
and you can take her place."

	"Is it very painful, Mistress?" Janet asked.

	"Yes."

	Janet considered her next move carefully, weighing the alternatives.  She
had to make a novel bargain: ten strokes and Tiffany's bondage.  Still, she
had caused her friend to endure pain on her behalf before, and now she
wanted to make up for it.

	"Mistress, I accept."

	"Good.  Do you know what part of a girl is the most sensitive to
punishment?"

	"Her sex, Mistress," Janet answered.

	"Correct, on the inside of her thighs.  And that's where I'm going to crop
you."

	Erica then struck once, harshly.  The stroke sent a jolt of through
Janet's body and she screamed terribly.

	"Was I right?" asked Erica.

	"Yes, Mistress."

	"Good, then I'll continue."

	Erica then struck again, this time on the other leg.  She watched as the
crop left a thin red welt where it had struck.

	Tearfully, Janet realized that she had made a mistake.  How could she bear
such agony?  It was one thing to be brave about taking another girl's
punishment.  Quite another to be tormented first with the promise of more
to come.  She had only taken two between her legs, and she wondered if she
could take any more.

	"Janet, I want you to count each stoke."

	"Three!"

	"That's a good girl."

	"Four!"

	Tears streamed down Janet's face as she counted the most painful form of
discipline that she had so far endured.  She never knew that such erotic
agony could exist.

	"Five!"

	"Six!"

	Janet struggled in her confinement, every movement making her breasts
shake.

	"Ten!"

	Finally, the magic number had been reached.  Janet's thighs hurt terribly
from the crop.  She was glad that the agony of the crop was over, and
fearful that another was about to begin.

	"Well now.  You've been such a good little girl," Erica observed.

	"Yes, Mistress."

	When it was offered to her, Janet kissed the crop promptly and thanked
Erica for being her slave and being punished.  The last thing that she
wanted to be punished for was neglecting the rules.

	"Well now, I always honor my promises," said Erica.

	Janet was released from the hated bars, and she was again standing with
her hands locked behind her back.  Erica grabbed one of the D rings on her
collar, and gently pulled her charge along.

	Janet found herself walking to the other Dungeon, where Tiffany was now
confined.  Janet's thighs hurt where the crop had struck, and she couldn't
imagine how anyone could bear such agony.  She wondered what other torments
awaited her in her new role as slave.

	When she saw Tiffany, she gasped at the sight of her friend.  Janet was
sitting on two black slabs that had been joined at the top like the letter
A.  Tiffany sat at the apex, with her entire weight resting upon her sex.
Her ankle bracelets were locked to chains from the thing, and her joined
wrists in back were locked to a ceiling chain.  She chain was pulled
forward, forcing Tiffany forward into a truly agonizing posture.

	"Enjoying yourself?" asked Erica.

	"Please Mistress, release me," cried Tiffany.

	"It's been some time since you last went riding the horse.  Surely you've
forgotten that you preferred it to the rack?"

	"No, Mistress," Tiffany tearfully answered, "please don't place me on the
rack.  It's just too painful to bear."

	"As you can see, I've brought Janet here to show her just what a slave
girl must endure."

	Erica pulled Janet by her collar directly in front of Tiffany.  Janet was
aghast at how her friend was bound.  She began to wonder if seeing her
friend was worth the additional strokes.  And if taking even more to take
her place was a good idea.

	"Would you do anything to get off the horse?"

	"Yes, Mistress," Tiffany cried.

	With her sex resting on the apex of the A and her shoulders wracked by
being pulled taut, she would do almost anything to relieve her predicament.

	"Well now, I've already taken care of that.  I was cropping Janet, and I
offered her a deal: take a few extra strokes to come see you.  Take a few
more and take your place."

	"No Mistress, please don't put Janet on the horse.  She has no idea just
how painful this can be to a girl, resting on her sex."

	"Why don't you two girls talk for a while.  I'll be in the next room. 
When I come back, I'm sure that you two will have come to a decision."

	True to her word, Erica walked away.  She did not even secure Janet to
something, so she was somewhat free.  Even if her wrists were bound behind
her back, Janet could still walk.

	"Janet, you mustn't do this.  I'm already used to it, and you're not.  But
you're not ready yet."

	"How do I get ready?  I've just been cropped, and I'll be on the thing
sooner or later, so why not now?"

	"But it hurts terribly."

	"So did the riding crop.  I took additional strokes just to take your
place."

	"You don't know the agony you'll be letting yourself in for."

	"Look, I have to do this.  I made a bargain with Erica.  There's no
telling what may happen if I back out now."

	"You stupid girl," said Tiffany.

	At that moment, Erica returned as if on cue.

	"Well, have you reached a decision?"

	"Yes, Mistress," answered Janet, "please allow me to take Tiffany's place
upon the horse."

	"Tiffany, is that your wish also?" asked Erica.

	"Yes, Mistress," Tiffany answered.

	"Good.  I'll fasten Janet for a bit, then you can help me place her on the
horse."

	Janet's collar was locked to the wall, and she watched as Tiffany was
slowly released.  First her arms were lowered and the bracelets unlocked. 
Tiffany straightened up, and massaged her hurt wrists.  Then her ankle
bracelets were released, and she could lower her legs to the floor.  Erica
helped Tiffany to get off the horse.

	"Thank you Mistress," said Tiffany.

	"Now Tiffany, I want you to unlock Janet.  Then I want you to help me put
her on the horse."

	Erica handed a key to Tiffany, who unlocked her collar chain.  Tiffany led
Janet over to the horse, and unlocked her wrist bracelets.  Janet slowly
climbed up on the horse, lowering her sex where the two slabs met.  She
took a deep breath when her sex took her weight.

	Erica then secured one leg and then the other.  Walking behind Janet, she
joined her wrists together again.  Finally, she attached the ceiling chain.
 Next she activated something that began to draw Janet's arm upwards.

	Janet was cruelly thrust forward as her arms were drawn upwards.  As her
legs were chained, there was nothing for her to do except place her weight
upon her sex.  Janet gasped in pain.

	"Janet, is your curiosity satisfied?"

	"Yes Mistress."

	"Do you think that you can ride the horse for a while?"

	"Yes, Mistress.  Please let me stay on the horse."

	Erica turned towards Tiffany who was free of any sort of confinement.

	"Tiffany, hands behind your back," ordered Erica.

	"Yes, Mistress."

	When Tiffany did as she was ordered, Erica locked her cuffs together and
attached a leash to her collar.

	"Janet, why don't you just stay here for a while since I want to entertain
Tiffany."

	"Yes, Mistress."

	"I won't even gag you since this is your first time on the horse."

	"Thank you, Mistress," gasped Janet.

	Janet watched in pain as Erica led Tiffany away.  She didn't say any kind
of farewell, as it would have seemed trite and silly.  She had asked to
ride the horse, and here she was.

	It did not take long for Janet's shoulders to begin to hurt, but she was
not ready when her sex began to throb also.  By design, Erica had whipped
her thighs to excite them.  Now they ached, as her pussy had to take her
entire weight!  Her sex throbbed with a regular painful rhythm, making
Janet moan on the horse.

	Janet rested upon the horse, sometimes raising her head to survey her
surroundings.  There was little to see in the Dungeon.

	There was nothing so frightening for Janet as being alone.  She twisted in
her bonds in the hope that they would somehow fall away and she would be
free of the horse.  However, it was all to no avail.

	Bound in that position, she could only draw short breaths.  She cried
softly in her pained solitude.

	Never again would she ask to take another's punishment.  She had learned
her lesson that there was nothing either noble or altruistic in being
disciplined.

	For the horse made it seem as if Janet was being split in two, with the
focal point being upon her sex.  She never knew that a girl's sex could
take something like this.  Tears streaked her cheeks as she began to cry. 
There was nobody here to dry her tears and comfort her and that made it
seem only worse.  She shifted her position again, hurting from the
slightest movement.  All that she could do was clench her fingers, since
that was the only movement that didn't seem to cause her any pain.

	Janet had not been aware that someone else had entered the dungeon, since
she did not hear the click of any heels on the stone.  She knew she was not
alone when she felt one of her breasts being fondled.

	"Who's there?" she cried.

	"Just me," said Andrea.

	For the first time she noticed that Andrea was without the shoes that were
usually locked on her feet.  Janet still had hers locked on.

	"Andrea, what are you doing here?"

	"Just thought I'd come down for a visit.  See how you liked riding the
horse."

	"Why it's terrible.  I feel like I'm being split in two.  What next can I
look forward to?"

	"Why, you could be whipped where you are.  Sometimes Erica attaches a
dildo to the horse, and when you sit there it goes all the way into your
sex."

	"Has she ever done that to you?"

	"Of course.  I've been her slave for a long time.  After being trained,
then you'll know what it means to be a slave girl."

	"Could you release me?"

	"If she knew that I even had the keys to my shoes, I'd be punished.  If I
would let you down Erica would probably put me on the horse for a month,
then whip me every day for good measure."

	"Do you like being whipped?"

	"Well, you get used to it," replied Andrea, "I have to leave now.  I can't
risk being discovered here.  Bye."

	Andrea fled.  Perhaps she had heard Erica returning, and it may have been
forbidden for Janet to have visitors.  Never before had Janet ever felt so
alone and dejected in her entire life.

	The next sound that Janet heard was the click of heels on the stone floor.
 Erica walked into view, and Janet could see that her bare flesh was
covered by a sheen of sweat.

	"Well now, having a good time?"

	"Mistress, I hurt terribly.  Please let me down?" plead Janet.

	"Only if you tell me if the pain was worth it to see Tiffany."

	"Yes, Mistress."

	"Would you like to sit on the horse a little while longer, or get a few
more strokes with the crop?"

	"Mistress, please take me down from the horse.  I'll take a few more
strokes.  It's just unbearable for a girl to have her sex split in two."

	"Good.  I'll take you down off the horse now, and I'll give you the
strokes immediately in front of Tiffany."

	Erica began to release Janet from the agonies of the horse.  Janet moaned
with pain when she was finally standing again in her heels on the stone
floor.  She would do anything to get off the horse.  Even if it meant the
riding crop again!

	Erica did not leave her charge free for long.  Janet's wrists were soon
locked behind her back, and her collar again leashed her.

	When they entered the first Dungeon, it was apparent that the two slaves
had traded places.  Tiffany was now receiving the crop that Janet had
bargained for the horse.

	There was a similar setup awaiting Janet as Erica quickly chained her in
the same position as she was before.  The bars and chains already stretched
Tiffany, and fresh marks adorned her skin.  The riding crop was hanging
from a D ring on her collar, and a red rubber ball gag prevented her from
making a sound.

	Erica walked over to Tiffany.  She casually took the riding crop from her
collar, and began to fondle the bound girl's breasts.  Tiffany squealed
through her gag.

	"Well now.  Two girls chained in the Dungeon.  Tiffany here has taken the
crop like a good girl.  And since Janet has offered to take the crop again
instead of the horse, I'm only too happy to oblige," said Erica.

	Erica walked over to Janet and offered her the crop.  Janet kissed the
crop without being ordered to.  By now, she was getting used to the routine
of being a slave girl.

	Janet moaned when the crop struck her again.  She strained against her
bonds but to no avail.

	There was nothing to compare to the pain that the riding crop produced. 
Janet yelled and screamed, plead and moaned as the hated object struck her
flesh again and again."

	"Please Mistress," she cried, "mercy!"

	"You're still new at this, Janet.  When you've been a slave like Tiffany,
then you can ask for mercy.  For now, I have to test your limits."

	Tiffany could do nothing but watch, as Janet had to take the riding crop
for the second time that night.  She felt sorry for her companion in
slavery.  She knew that while Janet was in agony from her torment, she was
perhaps secretly enjoying it.  She had seen many slave girls in all her
years of being one.  Tiffany had learned to recognize the signs of when a
girl complained about her ordeal, yet really liked being punished.


	"Please stop!" cried Janet.

	"Well now!  Rebellion amongst my slaves?" laughed Erica. "I have a
perfectly good way to deal with that!"

	Erica produced a ball gag from somewhere, and proceeded for force it into
Janet's mouth.  Before, Janet had accepted the gag willingly.

	"I don't want to gagged!"

	"Silly girl, it doesn't matter what you want," replied Erica.

	Erica tried to force the ball into Janet's mouth, and Janet resisted by
keeping her jaws closed.  Erica then pinched Janet's right nipple, making
her yelp with surprise.  When her mouth was open, the gag was forced in and
pulled back.  Erica quickly buckled the straps in back.

	Janet could do little but moan through the gag.  In the weeks since she
had been a slave, she had not yet grown used to the gag as yet.

	She thought that there was never such a perfect device.  Unlike what she
had seen on TV or in films, this gag was really designed to keep a girl
quiet.  The ball was round, and fit a girl's mouth perfectly.  The straps
pulled the ball back into her mouth, and all Janet could do was to moan. 
There was no way that she could ever get the thing out of her mouth.

	"There now, enjoy the gag?" asked Erica.

	Erica continued to deliver repeated strokes with the riding crop.

	"Now I'm almost done, so hold still while I give you a few more strokes to
remember," commented Erica.

	The dominant was not exaggerating when she struck Janet especially hard. 
This caused Janet to heave and strain against her bonds, and tears again
fell down her cheeks.  Janet's flesh burned under the repeated impacts of
the crop.

	Finally, it was over.  Erica unlocked the gag, then offered the crop to
Janet.

	"Kiss it, you silly slave girl.  Or would you prefer a few more?" asked
Erica.

	"No Mistress."

	Janet placed her lips around the crop's handle, and proceeded to slowly
kiss the hated object.  Just a few seconds before, her mouth had been
felled with the gag. Now she was embracing the instrument of her torment.

	"Now then, for being such a bad girl, I might just give you over to Andrea
for the rest of the night.  She has some quite definite ideas on what to do
with unruly slave girls.  However, I have a better idea."

	Erica then called Andrea over.  They both unlocked their respective
slaves, Erica leashing Tiffany and Andrea taking Janet.  As both were
gagged, neither could communicate with the other except for stolen glances.

	Janet suddenly realized the value of silent films, which she had
previously despised.  All she could do was to look at her companion in
slavery and despair that they could not talk to one another.

	Erica then whispered something in Andrea's ear.  The maid nodded her head
at the instructions that she had been given. She pulled Janet along, and
she had no alternative but to comply with the pull of the chain.

	The two arrived before a steel door set in the wall.  Andrea removed a key
from her uniform, and she unlocked the mysterious door.  Janet was led
inside.

	It was a smaller room, which had against the far wall a small door with
bars.  The space inside was small, like a closet laid on its end.

	"Now hold still," instructed Andrea as she removed Janet's gag.

	"Thank you," said Janet as she took several deep breaths.

	"You've got to hurry up and use the bathroom before I put you in
solitary," explained Andrea.

	"That what this room is?" asked Janet.

	Andrea hurriedly unlocked Janet's wrists.  She pointed to a toilet set in
the wall.

	"Please use it.  If I don't report back within a certain amount of time,
it'll be my turn on the horse.  And wash your face, you look terrible."

	Janet did as she was ordered.  She was grateful for the chance to pee, as
she was ready to burst from all the excitement she has undergone while
being cropped.  She looked at herself in the mirror.  Was the naked striped
girl that looked back at her really Janet Davis, the same one who had felt
embarrassed and shy about her body?

	Andrea opened the cage, and Janet climbed in.  It was lined with stuffed
vinyl on five sides, except for the door of steel prison bars.

	"Your arms and legs can remain free, but you'll have to wear those shoes
all night," said Andrea as she locked the door behind Janet.

	Janet grabbed the bars and shook them without effect.

	"What did I do to get here?" Janet cried.

	"Resisted Erica," answered Andrea, "and for wanting to be a slave girl."

	It was the last thing that she heard before Andrea turned down the lights
and left Janet alone in solitary.  The cell was long enough so that Janet
could stretch out lengthwise.  It was annoying to have to wear the heels
all night.
	*			*				*			*
	"Had a good night?" asked Erica. "It's morning, Janet."

	Janet stirred in her prison.  She rolled over in her jail, and pulled
herself over to the bars.  Grasping one bar in each hand, she looked
eagerly at her Mistress.

	"Yes, Mistress.  Thank you for putting me in solitary."

	"Perhaps Andrea did not tell you about this punishment.  You're to be
locked in here all day.  Don't worry, Andrea will be down with a tray for
you a little later.  Of course, you won't be let out, so you'll be given a
bedpan to use.  That's punishment for bad slave girls who don't know how to
behave."

	Erica walked out of the lit room.  She closed the massive door with a
bang, and it echoed in the small space that held Janet.  All that Janet
could do was to flail at the bars uselessly.

	Janet wondered what had happened last night to Tiffany.  Had she received
more punishment?  Had she been placed somewhere in a special confinement? 
All sorts of ideas flooded into Janet's mind.  She had come to realize
anything was now possible when one was a slave girl.

	No matter what she tried to do, avoiding punishment had proved to be
impossible.  First she was harshly whipped, then offered the chance to see
Tiffany.  She had taken it, at the price of additional strokes with the
riding crop.  Her agony from riding the horse was something that she would
not forget for some time.  Then she had been whipped later anyway.

	She knew that any attempt at eluding a thrashing was useless.  No matter
what she could say, there was nothing except for the reality of the whip. 
Besides, Mistress Erica could always silence her cries through the use of a
gag.

	For Janet, her day in solitary was long and boring.  Andrea who passed the
tray through a slot in the bars fed her.  A bedpan took care of her toilet
needs.  The room was kept lit, and there was little to do except try and
sleep.  She supposed that she could play with her own sex, but there might
be a punishment for doing that without permission.

	There was nothing so frustrating as the lack of a clock.  Janet had wished
for one when she had been on the horse.  She had wanted to know her
endurance on the hideous device.

	Janet decided not to ask Erica.  She guessed that her question just might
land her on the horse again, on a whim of Erica's.

	She longed for a visit from Tiffany, except that she was either in
confinement or under orders no to.  Tiffany said that she had been punished
many times, and that Janet should get used to it.

	From what she had already seen, there were many ways of bringing a slave
girl to agony.  The devices that Erica possessed were meant to be used in
the training of slave girls, and Erica had the desire to use them.  Janet's
usual feminine wiles were useless here, when confronted by a strong
determined Mistress.

	Janet grasped at the bars again, straining her hurt muscles against them.
It was a futile gesture, and it did little to help her escape solitary. 
Her plastic and steel prison was rather bearable.  She was not forced to
maintain a painful position, nor was she surround by cold steel.  She
remembered seeing Tiffany locked in the metal cage, and wondered when it
would be her turn!

	Andrea appeared outside the bars.  She carried a small cup of coffee,
which Janet eagerly drank when offered.

	"I'll bet that you're lonely just now," observed Andrea.

	"There really isn't much that a naked girl can do in a cage," Janet
answered.

	"You'll get used to it.  I spent many hours in there, alone and crying. 
You'll find that a slave girl can get used to anything."

	"What time is it?" Janet asked.

	"The one item that I was told would get me a whipping would be if I told
you what time it was.  So don't ask again.  You're not waiting for a train.
 It's not as if you're going anywhere," Andrea observed.

	Andrea vanished as quickly as she had appeared.  Janet wished for her
return, as at least she was some company.  Andrea outranked Janet and
Tiffany, since she outfitted them for their bondage rituals.  Though she
had never seen Andrea wielding a whip, it was very possible that she was
allowed to do so.  Janet had learned not to find out by provoking her. 
Having already been both whipped and cropped (she wondered what other
methods of pain awaited her) she had learned not to risk any additional
punishment!

	She hoped that the entire day had elapsed when Andrea appeared again, this
time to unlock her vinyl prison.

	"Out," ordered Andrea.

	Janet eagerly jumped out of solitary, and Andrea closed the door behind
her.

	"Wait," said Andrea.

	Janet was soon confined again, with her wrists behind her back and led by
Andrea's leash.  The one thing that a slave girl was not allowed to feel
was free.

	She was led out of the Dungeons, the only sound being that of her heels
clicking on the stone floor.  At least Janet wasn't gagged yet, but that
minor detail could change quickly.

	Even though the Dungeon was deserted, Janet somehow knew that it was again
her turn to be disciplined.

	Andrea than pulled her along to the usual bars.  In no time at all, she
was locked again, spread-eagled to receive some form of punishment.  She
took short shallow breaths in anticipation.

	Erica appeared, this time alone.  She was wearing another leather outfit,
one that exposed her breasts and hugged her every curve.

	"Well now.  Had a good night?"

	"Yes, Mistress."

	"Enjoyed your time in solitary?"

	"Yes, Mistress."

	"Good.  Someday in the future, you'll enjoy another stay in there all by
yourself.  Maybe for a whole week?" Erica suggested.

	"Yes, Mistress," meekly answered Janet.  To stay in solitary for a night
had been restful.  But being confined there for a whole week seemed just
too much to take!

	"Now then, what shall I do with you today?" asked Erica.

	"Whatever my Mistress desires," answered Janet.

	"Do you like being punished?"

	"Yes, Mistress."

	"Good.  I'm sure that I can oblige you then.  The only question is how.  I
can cause great pain in a girl, if I so choose.  I can also provide great
pleasure, also."

	Janet kept silent.  Any answer might just produce an unwanted result.

	"I think I know," said Erica.

	Much to her surprise, Janet found herself being lowered to the floor
again.  She did not know what was in store for her, but it might be
something new.

	After Janet was released, her hands were cuffed behind her back again,
with the leash attached to her collar.

	"Come over here," ordered Erica.

	Janet was pulled over to the wall, and stood there while Erica looked for
something in the wall cabinet.

	"There it is," said Erica.

	It was an exact duplicate of the chastity belt that she had worn before,
except that attached to the center strap was a phallic object simulating an
erect male member.  Janet gasped at the sight of it.  Surely Erica was not
thinking of using that on her!

	"Ever seen one of these?  It's a dildo, designed to keep you occupied for
a while."

	"Is that for me, Mistress?" asked Janet.

	"I thought that it might make a nice change from the whip.  I was planning
on using the dildo next week, but you're such a willing slave."

	"Yes, Mistress.  Please use it on me?" asked Janet.

	"Good.  Now just stand still and open wide."

	Janet watched with mounting anticipation as Erica first buckled the belt
around her waist.  She pulled the belt tight, and Janet had to exhale in
order to accommodate it.

	"Here it comes," said Erica, "open wide."

	Janet bent down slightly, opening her legs.  She felt as the dildo entered
her sex, and she gasped and moaned as Erica gently pushed the thing in. 
She was astonished as it penetrated deeper into her sex, moaning the deeper
in it went.

	Erica finished her unusual task by buckling the strap in at Janet's back.
Janet could now appreciate why the belt around her waist had to be so
tight.  This way there was no chance of her removing it, and it kept the
phallus in position.

	"Now walk," said Erica, as she released Janet's hands.

	Janet began by taking a few hesitant careful steps, under Erica's watchful
gaze.  She was by now used to hobbling around in the high heels.  But
having the dildo inside her sex kept her in a constant state of sexual
excitement.

	"Like it?" asked Erica.

	Janet paraded in front of Erica, her cheeks flushed and her breaths short
and fast.  She knew that if she stopped, she might be chastised for it. 
Far better to do as Erica ordered, rather than being whipped again.

	The dildo produced one climax after another and it rubbed against her at
every step.  Janet knew that she was already wet from the dildo, and she
had only had it inside her for a few minutes.

	"Yes, Mistress.  It's like nothing I've ever had before."

	"All the girls say that.  Since you like it so much, I'll leave it locked
inside you for a while.  Would you like to come upstairs?"

	"Yes, Mistress, please?" Janet asked.

	After being in the Dungeon, she wanted to see something besides stone and
steel.

	"It's really late afternoon," said Erica.

	"Thank you, Mistress."

	Janet was blindfolded again, and after a few minutes, they were upstairs.
Erica had not cuffed her wrists, since it was hard for Janet to maintain
her balance with the addition of the dildo inside her.

	Erica then released Janet's leash, and Janet found herself free inside the
house.

	"Andrea is cooking dinner, and Tiffany should be around someplace.  If you
need something, just find either of us," advised Erica.

	"Yes, Mistress."

	For Janet, every step produced a climax.  She had once gone into a sex
shop and seen the dildos lined up, and fantasized what it might be like to
use them.  Now that she had one inside her, it was quite a new experience!

	Janet stood in the library, wondering if she had the courage to try a walk
outside with the dildo inside her.  She heard the click of heels, and saw
Tiffany.

	"Hello there," greeted Tiffany. "Enjoy your stay in solitary?"

	"At least I wasn't whipped," Janet replied.

	"That will come," said Tiffany.

	Her companion was naked like before, wearing only her bracelets and heels.

	"Got something inside you?" asked Tiffany.

	"How can you tell?" said Janet.

	"From the way you're standing, I'd say that there's something inside that
belt of yours.  Dildo?"

	"Yes."

	"Nothing to be ashamed of.  Before I met Erica, I had my own vibrator to
keep me company.  Besides, there's no secrets between two naked slave
girls, are there?"

	"No, I guess not."

	Tiffany picked up a glossy magazine from the table and sat down on the
couch.  Janet hobbled over and joined her, trying to sit comfortably with
the phallus inside her.

	"You'll have a time getting used to it," offered Tiffany.

	Janet idly pulled at the leather straps and the little padlocks that kept
it inside her.  Her nails had no effect against the leather and steel of
the belt.

	"I feel so aroused," said Janet.

	"I was once in a slave contest where were had those belts and we were made
to run races and do other contests."

	"What did the winner get?" asked Janet.

	"She was awarded to another Mistress for a week."

	"What did the losers get?"

	"Punished, of course."

	"Did you win?" asked Janet.

	"I was the property of Mistress Stephanie for a week," answered Tiffany.

	"How was she?" Janet asked.

	"You're not supposed to ask about another Mistress," cautioned Tiffany,
"there's a punishment for that."

	Having the dildo inside Janet made her feel intensely aroused.  Idly, she
began to touch her breasts, finding that her nipples were erect from the
state of excitement that she was in.

	Janet found that droplets of sweat were running down her body.  She felt
hot and flushed in her condition.

	"I want to walk outside," said Janet.

	"It's a bit chilly.  You'll catch a cold if you go outside."

	"Maybe I can wear something," ventured Janet.

	"Silly, slave girls don't wear clothes.  What we've got on is all we're
going to get," said Tiffany.

	"Tiffany?" asked Janet, "suck my nipples, please?"

	"No. There'll be a terrible penalty if we're caught.  And I'd like to
avoid any unnecessary stripes if I can."

	"I think that we'll be punished anyway.  Please?"

	"No!" Tiffany replied, "look at me!"

	Tiffany displayed her marks, tracing the path of them on her skin.  It
wasn't worth it giving Janet what she wanted, knowing that a penalty
awaited her.

	Tiffany wanted to be confined somewhere so that Janet couldn't get her
into trouble.

	"Bonding together, dears?" questioned Erica as she entered the library.

	Both girls looked up from the couch at their Mistress.

	"Keeping out of trouble, Tiffany?"

	"Yes, Mistress."

	"Janet, what are you doing?" Erica demanded.

	Janet did not realize that she was still fondling her right nipple.

	"Did I say you could do that?" asked Erica.

	"No, Mistress."

	"There will be a punishment for that tonight, after dinner.  Since you're
becoming such a bondage slut."

	"Yes, Mistress," answered Janet.

	"Are you a bondage slut?" asked Erica.

	"Yes, Mistress.  I'm a bondage slut," answered Janet.

	"Good.  Just the response that I wanted to hear."

	"Mistress?" asked Janet.

	"Yes, Janet."

	"Can I go to the bathroom?"

	Janet had not asked for years if she could go to the bathroom.  Erica
accompanied her, and she unlocked the dildo portion of the harness, leaving
the belt locked around her waist.  Once Janet was finished and had cleaned
herself up, she was soon locked into the harness again.

	"Let me show you something," said Erica.

	Janet followed her Mistress into the library.  She opened wall panel to
reveal a TV set.  She popped a tape in the VCR, and Janet saw something
that made her gasp with astonishment.

	On screen were girls dressed in some kind of costume!  They were wearing
thigh high boots, a leather bodysuit with their hands locked behind their
backs, and bridles!

	The girls were made to act like horses, and were made to pull carts and
have races!

	"They're called pony girls," said Erica.

	"It's fantastic, Mistress."

	"I don't do that sort of thing, but Mistress Cheryl does.  She has a pony
girl camp during the summer.  Perhaps I'll send you there for a while if
you've been bad.  Or good for that matter."

	Dinner was an interesting affair.  Andrea served Erica in the main dining
room, with both naked girls in attendance.  Janet was still wearing her
harness, and it was agony to wear the dildo in her pussy for so long.  Both
girls assisted Andrea in serving their Mistress, who wore an evening gown,
made entirely of rubber.  They were taught how to serve, pour wine, display
themselves, and remove the dishes.

	"One day, I will be entertaining other Dominants," said Erica, "and you
have to be ready to serve them.  Naked, of course."

	Janet was extra careful not to drop or spill anything.  That was made more
difficult by the heels and dildo that she wore.  It was a victory that she
managed to get through the meal with doing anything wrong.

	When she was replacing Erica's coffee cup on the serving trolley, Erica
got up behind her and started to massage her behind.

	"You've been a good girl, Janet."

	"Yes, Mistress."

	"You didn't do anything wrong."

	"Thank you, Mistress."

	"I've got something special in mind for you, then," said Erica.

	"Thank you, Mistress.  I'm sure it will be interesting."

	Later that evening, after Andrea and the two slave girls had eaten and
rested, it was again time to go to the Dungeon.

	Janet stood leashed with her hands cuffed behind her back and a ball gag
in her mouth, in the Dungeon.  Her only companion was Erica.

	"I think that the paddle on your behind would be suitable?" said Erica.
"Don't you?"

	Janet's eyes widened in surprise when she saw that Erica was holding a
leather paddle in her hands.

	She pulled Janet over to a vinyl covered saw horse and first secured her
ankles, after having first drawn them apart.  Unlocking her wrists, Janet
was bent over the horse.  Her wrists were secured.

	Her behind was sticking up in the air.  She squealed when she felt Erica's
hands probing her sex.

	"You must be pretty sore and horny after had that dildo in your pussy all
day," said Erica, "once I sentenced one of my other girls to wear it all
day at her regular job.  I'm told that she was quite efficient that day."

	Janet felt her behind pushed and probed her ass cheeks separated, and her
flesh kneaded.  She moaned from behind her gag.  Then she felt lubricant
spread into her asshole, and became afraid.

	Erica had put on a pair of rubber surgical gloves, and gently inserted her
finger with lubricant into Janet's asshole.  Janet was really not ready for
this, so Erica probed gently and did not force her finger inside.

	"Calm, dear.  Calm.  Don't get excited, I'm not going to hurt you there. 
Since your behind is in such an excellent position, I just thought that I'd
take this chance to explore.  They'll be other times when I'll use your
asshole."

	Janet whimpered from behind the gag.  If it had not silenced her, she
would have been screaming by now.  Still, it was more from fright than
actual pain.  Erica slowly inserted her finger, lubricating Janet's
asshole, only moving her gloved finger inside when she felt that Janet was
open and ready for her.

	Even though Janet's asshole had almost clamped shut at first, Erica was a
talented Mistress.  She calmed and soothed Janet, putting her at ease and
relaxing her so that she could probe her behind.

	"You did very well, Janet," complimented Erica when she had completed her
examination.

	"Mmmmmmmph," Janet answered from behind her gag.

	Bent over the horse, Janet had gradually relaxed while her behind was
being probed.  Erica had been gentle and soothing, and Janet had soon
cooperated with having her asshole fingered.  She had been afraid that she
might be torn open, but instead she had merely been frightened of nothing.

	"Now for the paddle," said Erica.

	She displayed the leather paddle to Janet.  It was a thick heavy paddle
that bent.  Erica showed it to her captive.

	"Ready dear?" asked Erica.

	Janet shook her head no as the first blow struck.  It was a light blow,
not the devastating one that she had feared.  It stung, and the broad
leather had left a large footprint where it had struck her behind.

	Erica continued slowly, delivering each blow with the precision that she
used with the whip.  Janet felt the skin of her naked behind heat up slowly
with each blow, feeling ever more erotic as the paddle impacted on her
flesh.
 
	"Your skin is turning a lovely shade of red, Janet," Erica observed.

	Janet bit down on the gag.  Somehow, the gag gave her the dignity to
accept her punishment, since she might plead and embarrass herself if she
was free of it.

	First one cheek, then the other felt the sting of the paddle.  Erica used
slightly stronger strokes, which made Janet moan and squirm.  She pulled at
her bracelets without effect, marveling at the sheer practical nature of
their keeping a girl utterly helpless.

	Bent over, she felt so embarrassed.  Helpless, with her behind in the air,
she was at Erica's complete mercy.

	Having had her asshole already probed made her concerned for what might
happen next.  When Erica said that she was totally owned by her Mistress,
Janet realized that it was true.

	"I'm finished," said Erica as she replaced the paddle on its hook.  She
bent down and released Janet's ballgag.

	"Thank you, Mistress," said Janet.

	"That's good, dear," answered Erica.

	"May I ask a question, Mistress?" asked Janet.

	"Sure."

	"Where's Tiffany?"

	"Tied up somewhere, I should imagine.  Andrea is entertaining her just
now."

	"Thank you, Mistress."

	                        * * * *

	Monday morning found Janet getting ready for work. Getting up early to shower, 
she admired the marks from the whip and the crop. She fingered her pussy and 
felt herself wet from the memory of having the dildo inside her. Her behind 
was a little tender, but sitting was possible. 

How am I going to keep my mind on my work today? Janet asked herself, when 
I'm so sexually charged?

The End of Chapter Three 




Janet in Training
Chapter Four: Slave Girl on Loan

Time passed as Janet continued to lead her highly unusual life. From Monday 
  through Friday, she worked at her job and lived normally. She worked, shopped, 
  did laundry. She refused the advances on men at her job, and stopped socializing 
  with her female friends. Gradually, she acquired the nickname of Ice Queen. 

 When Friday came, she couldn't wait for the arrival of the limo to take her 
  to Mistress Erica for her bondage session. Little could her co-workers imagine 
  just what she was doing on her time off. Normally, they would all go out for 
  happy hour on Friday. Janet would refuse, since she had to get ready. 

 Her choice of sexual outlet would have surprised them. She did not mention 
  it to anybody. Janet kept her dark secret well, and nobody suspected just what 
  she was really doing with her life. 

 While reading an alternative publication, she found an ad for a fetish shop. 
  On a weekday after work, she ventured there to find the same sort of equipment 
  that had been used on her by Mistress Erica. To compliment the high heels that 
  she wore at home, Janet purchased a set of collar and bracelets so that she 
  could wear them at home and fantasize about Mistress Erica. She saw that the 
  shop also had a dildo harness, and she passed on buying it. But she remembered 
  how long she had worn it and what effect it produced on her. 

 One weekday evening while she was at home the phone rang. She was naked, and 
  wearing her collar and bracelets. She was startled, since she had not been expecting 
  anyone to call. 

 "Hello?" asked Janet. 

 "Janet? Hello, it's Erica. Glad I caught you at home. I have to give you some 
  bad news." 

 "Mistress, what's wrong?" asked Janet, concern in her voice. 

 "Nothing bad, except that I have to go out of the country on business for 
  a few weeks. Andrea and I will be leaving for Europe tomorrow. I have some business 
  to take care of there." 

 "I'm sorry to hear that," Janet answered. 

 "I know how disappointed you must feel. So I've arranged for you too see a 
  good friend of mine. She'll take care of you while I'm gone. Is that all right?" 
  asked Erica. 

 "Yes, Mistress. How will I meet her?" Janet asked. 

 "Don't worry. She'll contact you." 

 "What's her name?" asked Janet. 

 "Mistress Stephanie. You must remember to obey her implicitly, since she will 
  report your conduct when I return." 

 "Yes, Mistress. I'll be a good slave girl," offered Janet. 

 "I know you will, Janet. Bye." 

 "Goodbye, Mistress Erica, and I love you," said Janet. 

 "I know you do." 

 Janet was disappointed when she finally hung up the phone. She had been expecting 
  to see Erica as usual this weekend, and instead she had been handed over to 
  another Mistress. Still, Tiffany had said that she had already been with Stephanie, 
  but did not want to talk about her. Damn! Why didn't they just exchange phone 
  numbers, instead of being anonymous to each other! She really wanted to have 
  Tiffany as a friend and confidant, not just fellow slave! 

 Her next few days were spent in an aura of anticipation. She jumped on every 
  phone call, tore open every letter. As yet, there had been nothing. 

 By Thursday night, she was sure that Stephanie was not going to call. Surely 
  this mysterious person would have already called to speak to her new charge. 

 Just when Janet had stepped out of the shower naked and dripping wet, the 
  phone rang. She raced over to pick it up. 

 "Hello, is this Janet?" asked a woman's voice. 

 "Yes," said Janet breathlessly. 

 "My name is Stephanie Richards. We've never met, but we have a friend in common, 
  Erica. She asked me if I would take care of you while she's away. Is that acceptable 
  to you?" 

 "Yes," Janet was so excited that she could barely answer. 

 "Good. She told me of your limits, and I have agreed. We shall follow the 
  same procedures every weekend, as you do with Erica." 

 "Thank you, Mistress." 

 "Good. I'll send a limo tomorrow night. And don't be late, I don't like lateness. 
  Do you understand?" 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Just be ready," cautioned Stephanie. 

 Before Janet could say anything else, she heard the received hang up on the 
  other end. Janet toweled herself off, and found that her sex was wet with anticipation 
  from talking with Stephanie. 

 Friday, she waited outside her door. Finally, a limo pulled up and she got 
  inside. The driver aimed the car towards the parkway. She watched as the car 
  went again to Connecticut, to a town not far from Greenwich. Erica and Stephanie 
  were almost neighbors! After a long drive, when it had gotten dark, they pulled 
  up in front of a large walled estate. The car entered though a locked gate, 
  and pulled up in front of a lit doorway. 

 Janet took her coat and purse, and exited the car. She walked over to the 
  door, and rang the bell. 

 The door was opened not be maid dressed in rubber, but by a beautiful woman 
  in her late 30s. 

 "Are you Stephanie?" asked Janet. 

 "Mistress Stephanie, thank you. Please come in, Janet." 

 Stephanie took Janet's coat and placed it in the hall closet. Janet kept her 
  silence, since she was in the presence of her new Mistress. 

 "Please come into the library. I was involved in something when you arrived." 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Janet followed Stephanie into the library. It was a big room, loaded with 
  bookcases full of books and draped over a chair was a Maid's latex uniform, 
  complete with stockings and shoes. Janet kept silent when she saw that a naked 
  girl was bound to a leather footstool. Her knees and elbows were roped to the 
  legs of the footstool, and she had a full ball gag trainer in her mouth. 

 "This is Camille, my Maid. She did not obey my command, so I was getting ready 
  to punish her when you arrived." 

 Camille looked at Janet, her mouth silenced with the ball gag. She was bound 
  to the leather footstool, and she was rubbing her naked body against the leather. 
  It was quite erotic to see. 

 "Camille, stop that!" ordered Stephanie. "You're not bound there to get off 
  sexually. Wait till I finish with Janet here, and then I'll attend to you." 

 Camille grunted in reply. 

 "Please be seated," directed Stephanie. 

 Janet seated herself in a nearby chair. She watched as Stephanie pulled a 
  heavy armchair over, then placed her legs over Camille's bound form. Camille 
  was being used as a piece of furniture! 

 "Erica tells me you are a slave girl. Is that correct?" 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "How long have you been in training?" 

 "Several months." 

 "Have you been whipped?" 

 "Yes, Mistress", Janet answered. How strange this conversation was! 

 "Good. Erica and I have been friends and associates for a long time. We have 
  shared many things over the years, including girls. I agreed to continue your 
  training while she is away, do you understand?" 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "You must realize that you must obey me as you would obey her. Failure will 
  result in a truly painful punishment. Are you prepared to accept the orders 
  of another Mistress?" 

 "Yes, Mistress. Else I would not be here tonight." 

 "Good. I see that you already know the correct forms of address. I hope that 
  you are well trained, since I shall be expecting much from you. Here is something 
  from Mistress Erica. I think that you'll know what to do." 

 Stephanie produced a sealed box, which she handed to Janet. Janet tore the 
  tape off, and opened it to reveal her collar, bracelets, and shoes. 

 "Mistress Stephanie, permission to prepare?" asked Janet. 

 "Go ahead, Janet," answered Stephanie. 

 Janet was by now used to the idea of being naked before another woman. She 
  stood up and began to remove her clothes. She undid her skirt, blouse, shoes, 
  garter belt and stockings. Her bra and panties followed next, and she was naked 
  in front of Stephanie. 

 "Stand still," ordered Stephanie. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Stephanie inspected her new charge. Janet was simply lovely, and her body 
  was well striped. 

 "Turn around and hold your arms straight up." 

 Janet did as she was instructed. 

 Camille grunted when Stephanie removed her legs from her back. 

 "Janet, I want you to bend over," ordered Stephanie. 

 Janet bent over to touch her toes. She stood still as Stephanie began to feel 
  her back, then inserted a hand between her legs. Stephanie fondled her sex quickly, 
  then moved on to her breasts. Janet flinched when her nipples were pulled, but 
  she remained silent. 

 Stephanie felt Janet's bottom, massaging the girl's ass cheeks. She then reached 
  up with one hand for Janet's sex again, making her shiver with her touch. Janet 
  moaned when she felt Stephanie's examination of the most private parts of her 
  body. 

 "You may stand up now," she commanded. 

 Janet stood straight again, under the watchful eye of her new Mistress. She 
  did not look Stephanie directly in the eye, since that would be a reason to 
  punish her. 

 "You can put on your bracelets now," Stephanie ordered. 

 Usually, Andrea would lock Janet into her bondage. However, she was in Stephanie's 
  house now, so she had to do that herself. 

 Hesitantly, she picked up the collar and locked it around her neck. Then she 
  locked the bracelets around her wrists and ankles. Finally, she locked the high 
  heels on her feet. She locked the small padlocks shut after she pulled the metal 
  loop through the leather strap. 

 "Excellent," commented Stephanie. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," said Janet. 

 "Before we begin, I want to show you how I treat my slaves." 

 Stephanie walked over to a cabinet, and after opening a drawer she produced 
  a large dildo and a riding crop. She flexed the crop in her hands to show its 
  stiffness to Janet. 

 "Have you been cropped before?" asked Stephanie. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Good. This will be for Camille." 

 Taking the two objects, Stephanie approached the bound Camille. She inserted 
  the dildo within Camille's sex, after first lubricating the phallus. Camille 
  grunted when the dildo was placed within the lips of her sex, and arched her 
  back to help Stephanie plunge it into her sheath. 

 Once Stephanie was satisfied that the dildo was placed firmly within Camille, 
  she began to pinch the bound girl's breasts and ass. This made her squirm and 
  moan from within her ball gag. Her friction against the leather of the footstool 
  was also having an effect on the bound girl, as she rubbed against it. 

 "Keep that dildo in your pussy," ordered Stephanie, "Or you'll get something 
  up your behind!" 

 Stephanie then began to slowly caress Camille with the riding crop. At the 
  very end was a small leather loop, which she traced over Camille back, behind, 
  calves, and feet. 

 "There now, Camille," said Stephanie. "Don't you regret breaking that dish?" 

 All that Camille could do was to moan. 

 Stephanie began to lightly crop Camille, with the crop leaving tiny red marks 
  on her naked skin. The Mistress would first place a series of marks on one area, 
  then move on to another. She then began to increase the intensity and strength 
  of her strokes, making Camille rub against the footstool. 

 Janet stood entranced by the scene, watching Stephanie discipline her errant 
  slave. She noticed that every now and then, Stephanie would make certain that 
  the dildo was still within Camille's pussy. Janet marveled at the control that 
  the girl had! By now, Janet knew that she would have lost all control and expelled 
  the phallus from her sex. 

 After a series of moderate strokes, Stephanie stopped. 

 "Enough," said Stephanie. "We have to take care of our guest." 

 "Janet, untie Camille. I'm sure that you can deal with a few ropes. You can 
  remove her dildo and gag. She will be helping you next." 

 Janet had never untied another girl before. The scene had been so erotic that 
  she felt almost hypnotized by what she had been ordered to do. First she hobbled 
  over to Camille, and inserted her hand between the bound girl's legs. She grabbed 
  the dildo, and slowly withdrew it from Camille's sex, making the girl moan and 
  fidget. Then she knelt and untied the ropes on one footstool leg, then the other. 
  She then stood and walked two steps to Camille's front, then knelt again and 
  released her elbows. She then helped Camille to her feet, and unbuckled the 
  gag straps. Camille took several deep breaths, her breasts heaving in the process. 

 "Thank you, Mistress Stephanie," said Camille. 

 "This is Janet, Mistress Erica's slave. Get dressed and place her in the Dungeon 
  pending my arrival. I'm going to get dressed." 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Stephanie confidently left the library, closing the door behind her. The lock 
  clicked loudly in the room's utter silence. 

 Camille dressed quickly. First was a small silk panty, followed by her garter 
  belt and stockings. Then a demi bra that lifted her breasts upwards, and exposed 
  her aureole and nipples. Next, she put on the black uniform and zipped it up, 
  without any help from Janet. Finally, she put on a set of heels like Janet, 
  which she also locked upon her feet. 

 "We have to hurry," said Camille. "I don't want to risk another punishment." 

 "What do I have to do?" asked Janet. 

 "Nothing that you haven't done before," said Camille. "Now be quiet as I get 
  you ready. Mistress Stephanie already instructed me how you were to be prepared." 

 Janet stood silently, as her wrists were locked together in back and a leash 
  attached to her collar. Then Camille went to a cabinet and got out a small box. 
  She opened it, and Janet glimpsed something metallic within. 

 "I don't know if you're used to these clamps. It'll hurt at first, but you'll 
  learn to live with them." 

 Camille produced a metal clamp that looked menacing, which she moved to place 
  on Janet's nipple. Camille had to pinch and tease the nipple to make it erect, 
  then she slowly closed the jaws of the clamp upon it. Janet flinched when it 
  was firmly on. 

 "You don't want these to fall off. We'll both get punished for that," stated 
  Camille. 

 Janet's other nipple was soon adorned like the first. Then she backed away 
  when Camille produced another clamp. 

 "I've got two for your sex also, then a gag and blindfold. Be glad that I 
  showed these to you first, before I gagged you," said Camille. 

 "Thank you," answered Janet. 

 Janet stood helplessly as Camille gently attached the two clamps to her outer 
  pussy lips, feeling their pressure as they were set firmly in her pussy. She 
  moaned and shifted her legs. 

 "You're handling this quite well," said Camille. "My first time I panicked." 

 "Thanks," said Janet. 

 Then Janet was gagged and blindfolded as usual. She accepted the gag reluctantly, 
  since it was usually Andrea who performed that task. 

 Here she was in an unfamiliar house, at the mercy of another Mistress. She 
  was again bound and helpless, and being led away to a new Dungeon. Then why 
  was she so excited by everything that she had so far seen tonight? 

 She followed Camille in silence, the only sound being the clicking of their 
  heels as they walked. Camille guided her charge through several corridors, none 
  of which had carpeting. Janet was glad for that simple accommodation to slave 
  girls. 

 Finally, she heard the hinges to a heavy door open. Walking inside onto the 
  stone floor, she felt the roughness as her stiletto heels caught the slight 
  variations in its surface. 

 Janet felt her hands unlocked then locked again to a bar suspended from the 
  ceiling. Something was then activated, and she was soon stretched as the slack 
  in the chain was taken up. Janet then heard Camille's heels click as the Maid 
  left the Dungeon, closing the door behind her. 

 Janet hung there, alone. Even though it was it was futile, Janet tested her 
  chains. She found that the steel was implacable as ever. She tried to pull at 
  the bar that suspended her from the ceiling, to no effect. But what were worse 
  were the clamps on her nipples and sex. Mistress Erica had never used those 
  and on her first night with Mistress Stephanie she was being subjected to something 
  new and quite painful. She wished that Stephanie would soon arrive. 

 Janet heard the door open again and there was the sound of two people walking. 
  She heard the door hinges squeak their protest upon opening, and she felt a 
  draft at her naked back. Then the door was closed again, and she felt the blindfold 
  being removed. 

 She blinked her eyes in the sudden light. As she was able to focus again, 
  she saw that Stephanie was now wearing a vinyl bra and matching skirt, thigh 
  high boots, and shoulder length gloves all in black. Camille was dressed as 
  before, except that she was now dressed in a latex outfit. 

 Stephanie then undid her gag, and Janet was free of the ball between her lips. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," said Janet. 

 "Do you enjoy being chained again?" asked Stephanie. 

 "Yes, Mistress," quickly answered Janet. 

 "Do you like the accommodations?" 

 Janet looked over the Dungeon and found that there were many more things than 
  she had been before. Stocks, a large device in the shape of an X, a rack, and 
  numerous places to chain a slave girl were all that she could see at first glance. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Good. I'm sure that over time we'll get a chance to use these wonderful things 
  together." 

 Janet stood silent in her chains. 

 "Do you like the clamps?" 

 "They have never been used on me before," answered Janet. 

 "You didn't answer my question slave. I asked you if you liked them, not if 
  they've been used before." 

 "I'm sorry Mistress. I like them a lot," answered Janet. 

 "Do they hurt?" asked Stephanie. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Good. Perhaps I'll leave them on when I use the riding crop for good effect," 
  said Stephanie. "You do like the riding crop, now don't you?" 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Good. Camille, hand me the crop." 

 At the command of her Mistress, Camille handed Mistress Stephanie the riding 
  crop that she had been holding all this time. Stephanie flexed the crop in her 
  gloved hands, then offered it to Janet. Janet kissed it, caressing the instrument 
  with her lips as if it was a lover. 

 Janet wondered when the moment of truth would come. Unlike Erica, Stephanie 
  did not circle Janet. She did not make her punishment seem a game, but instead 
  took it very seriously. Her new Mistress stood in front of her, flexing the 
  crop in her hands. 

 Next, Stephanie stuck with the crop. It blazed a path of clear agony across 
  Janet's loins, making her struggle against her bonds. Still, she did not cry 
  out in pain. 

 Stephanie began again by laying down a regular pattern of stripes on Janet's 
  bottom. She struck harshly with the crop, marking her behind each time. Janet's 
  skin striped nicely, leaving a welt each time the crop impacted on her female 
  flesh. 

 Janet struggled against her chains, pulling then in a futile attempt to get 
  away from the harsh riding crop that Stephanie used on her naked flesh. It was 
  quite obvious that Stephanie was a determined Mistress, as her naked body was 
  pained by the effect of the riding crop. Each time that it struck her body, 
  she felt like screaming. Still, she did not want to embarrass herself or her 
  Mistress, and she now wished for the dignity of the ball gag. She was hurting 
  more deeply than she ever had before, or had ever dreamed possible. She could 
  now well believe the idea that women were crueler to each other than a man could 
  possibly be towards a woman. 

 Stephanie clearly knew how to hurt a girl, selecting each time a different 
  part of her anatomy for the crop. Still, she managed to avoid the clamps that 
  pained her nipples and sex. Janet clenched her fingers, digging her nails into 
  her palms. 

 In due time, her underarms, breasts, thighs, and legs all came under the crop. 
  Unlike Erica, Stephanie did not pause in her punishment of Janet. She was totally 
  devoted to her work. 

 Soon tears escaped Janet's eyes, streaking down her face. 

 The crop was a fearsome method of discipline, with each assault upon her body 
  producing terrible pain and suffering. Janet knew that every time it struck, 
  it left a painful mark that would take days to heal. 

 "Had enough?" asked Stephanie. 

 "Yes, Mistress," Janet cried. 

 "Good girl, you took the crop very well." 

 Stephanie handed the crop back to Camille. 

 "Now about those clamps. Do you want them removed?" 

 "Yes, Mistress. Please," plead Janet. 

 Stephanie reached out with her gloved hands and gently began to remove one 
  nipple clamp. When it was finally removed, Janet was surprised how much it hurt. 

 "Owwww," cried Janet. 

 Once the three other clamps were removed, Janet was a miasma of pain. Her 
  breasts and sex hurt from the clamps and the rest of her hurt from the punishment 
  that she had received. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," said Janet. 

 Stephanie began to pinch Janet's inflamed nipples, then moved down to her 
  pussy lips. She cupped Janet's sex, then inserted her finger into Janet's cunt. 

 "Ooooooh!" Janet cried. 

 "Silence, slave," Stephanie commanded. 

 "You're quite a little bondage slut," said Stephanie, "and rather wet between 
  your legs." 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Did you enjoy the riding crop?" 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Good. Then I'm sure that we'll just get along fabulously, my dear. Now what 
  shall we do next?" 

 Janet resigned herself to what promised to be a long night of torment. If 
  there were any other girls here that Stephanie would be attending to, she made 
  no mention of them. Janet was the sole girl in the Dungeon, and it would be 
  her flesh that would bear all of the marks tonight! 

 "What ever my Mistress desires," answered Janet. 

 Just to increase her discomfort, Stephanie reached out again and pinched and 
  twisted Janet's left nipple hard. Janet shrieked in her bonds, amazed that her 
  nipple could now be so tender. 

 "There now," said Stephanie, "I guess that you're in the right mood now." 

 "Yes, Mistress," cried Janet. 

 "I guess we have to be equal, don't we," said Mistress Stephanie. 

 She reached out and pinched and twisted Janet's right nipple. Janet reacted 
  the same way that she had before. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," said Janet. 

 "Good girl, I was afraid that you had forgotten your manners. Now then, what 
  shall I do next?" 

 Janet said nothing, since she was the one who was going to be punished. With 
  her breasts and sex still tender from the clamps she did not want to give Mistress 
  Stephanie any more ideas than she already had about what to do with her. 

 "Camille, give me the whip, please," said Stephanie. 

 "Yes, Mistress," Camille answered as she quickly produced the whip. 

 The whip was a long, thin sinuous, piece of leather that Janet had learned 
  to dread as a slave girl. It would wrap itself around her, marking her skin. 

 Stephanie flexed the whip in front of Janet, enjoying the distress that it 
  caused on the face of the bound girl. She did not offer the handle for Janet 
  to kiss. Rather, she merely flourished it several times before she struck Janet 
  with it. The thin leather wrapped itself around Janet's naked figure. 

 Janet flinched under the impact of the whip, trying to escape as it wound 
  its way around her. It was to no avail, as Stephanie wanted Janet to know just 
  how she could yield the whip. 

 The whip was less exact than the crop had been, and it sometimes struck those 
  areas that hurt from the clamps. When it struck her nipple, or buried itself 
  between her legs, Janet cried out from the impact. 

 "Now then. I see that I've reached your very core," said Stephanie. 

 Janet chose not to reply, as Stephanie directed a stroke that landed on her 
  sex at that moment. Janet finally screamed conscious of the fact that Stephanie 
  might enjoy her cries of distress. 

 Droplets of sweat ran down Janet's naked bound body, running down between 
  her breasts and down her legs. Ever since she had been in the Dungeon, she realized 
  that the lights were hot and bright, not subdued. The room was hot, and it was 
  no wonder that she was sweating. Even though her legs had not been bound, Janet 
  had managed to keep them open and her sex available so far. By accident, she 
  closed them. 

 "Bad girl," said Stephanie. 

 "Mistress?" asked Janet. 

 "Since you can't keep your legs open, I'll have Camille keep them open for 
  you. Camille, get the spreader bar." Camille did as she was instructed to and 
  produced a spreader bar. Stephanie bent down and locked it to Janet ankle bracelets. 

 "There now, that should keep your legs open," said Mistress Stephanie. 

 "Sorry, Mistress." 

 "Such a little transgression, soon it will all be forgotten." 

 Janet regretted the momentary loss of control. One of the first things that 
  she had learned at Mistress Erica's hand was that a slave girl must always be 
  available to her Mistress. One her first night with another Mistress, she had 
  let her attention wander for a moment. 

 Stephanie struck out again with the whip, a little harder this time than before. 
  The insidious thing wrapped itself around Janet's bust, with the tip coming 
  to rest on her pained nipple. 

 "Owwww!" cried Janet. 

 For the next few minutes, it seemed as if Stephanie was deliberately finding 
  those places most tender from one punishment or another. Janet knew that any 
  pleading from her would be totally without effect. 

 Suddenly, just when it seemed that her torment would continue forever, Stephanie 
  suddenly stopped. She coiled the whip and offered the handle to Janet, who began 
  to kiss it passionately. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," said Janet. 

 "Enough for one night. Camille, could you see to Janet? I'll be in the library." 

 Stephanie handed the coiled whip to Camille, and she made her exit though 
  the Dungeon door. 

 "Are you all right?" asked Camille. 

 "I'll survive," answered Janet. 

 "Let me take you down," said Camille. 

 In a few moments, Janet was on her feet again, rubbing her hands together 
  and feeling down her legs where the crop and whip had left marks. 

 "Stephanie likes to make out that she is a tough Mistress. But she knows when 
  to stop and never gets carried away before she does any real damage," said Camille. 

 "What about those clamps?" asked Janet. 

 "They didn't really hurt you, did they?" 

 "Well, no. Except that my Mistress doesn't use them." 

 "You mean hasn't used them. Every Mistress has the same toys and sooner or 
  later gets around to using them on her girls. It just takes time to use everything." 

 "You sound like you're experienced," observed Janet. 

 "I've been with Stephanie for four years." 

 "As a slave?" 

 "No, I was hired as a regular Maid. But funny things happened. Like even though 
  I had a room, she would send me away. Even pay for a hotel room. I got days 
  off when I should have been working. Finally, one night I came back by accident 
  cause I left some clothes here, and I found Stephanie in the Dungeon doing a 
  scene. I was so shocked when she explained, and she tried to pack me off with 
  a huge bribe. But I stayed, and I asked to be trained after a while. It just 
  seems so normal now." 

 Janet was stunned by the explanation that Camille had given her. Somehow she 
  had always thought that her way had been the only way. But to discover that 
  your employer was really a Mistress and then come join her! 

 "Come on now, I've got to get you ready for bed. Time for a bath, you're a 
  mass of sweat," said Camille. 

 Janet, minus her high heels was then treated to a super hot bath that filled 
  the bathroom with steam. The hot water made her welts sting, but she knew that 
  was merely temporary and would really help them heal faster. 

 Camille bathed her luxuriously, filling the tub with hot soapy water. She 
  forced Janet's hands away when she tried to wash herself. 

 "I'll handle everything, you just sit back and relax," said Camille. 

 In contrast to the severity of the discipline that she had received in the 
  Dungeon, Janet now felt like she was being pampered in some salon. She was given 
  a hot bath, and her skin was tended to. Her hair was washed, combed and set. 
  Her nails were even given a trim. She was then given a massage, before Camille 
  said that it was now time for bed. 

 "This house doesn't have a cell downstairs for you to sleep in, so I'll be 
  locking you in one of the bedrooms," said Camille. 

 "I feel like I'm at a hotel," answered Janet. 

 "Perhaps, but I never heard of a hotel with a Dungeon." 

 "Not a bad idea, especially for someone who doesn't pay their bill," laughed 
  Janet. 

 Janet was taken to a bedroom. Her collar was locked to a ring set in the wall, 
  and she was told to buzz if she needed anything. There was a clock on the dresser, 
  and Janet was surprised to find that it was 2 in the morning. Had she really 
  been in the Dungeon all that time? 

 "Good night," said Camille as she turned out the light. 

 "Good night," answered Janet. 

 Naked under the covers, Janet tested the chain to her collar. Her hands flew 
  to her breasts and sex, and she found that she was still sexually charged as 
  she fell into a deep dreamless sleep. * * * * "Wake up, Janet." 

 Janet heard Camille's voice through the fog of sleep. She had been sleeping 
  so deeply she had not felt the bright sunshine streaming through the window, 
  warming her skin. 

 "Where?" 

 "You're in Mistress Stephanie's house. Don't you remember?" 

 "Oh, Mistress Stephanie," groggily answered Janet. 

 "Come on now. Got to get you ready for today. First we have to serve breakfast, 
  then clean house. Get going, or else you can expect a thrashing. And I don't 
  like getting whipped in the morning!" said Camille. 

 Serving in Stephanie's house proved little different from Erica's. Both girls 
  cooked and served their Mistress breakfast, with Camille wearing a red rubber 
  Maid's outfit, stockings, and high heels. Since she was just a slave, all that 
  Janet wore were her high heels and bracelets. 

 After serving Stephanie, both girls ate quickly in the kitchen. 

 "Stephanie has her own subtle ways of making sure that we earn our punishment. 
  She's assigned us both tasks that we possibly can't finish today, all in order 
  to have an excuse to punish us both later." 

 "The rack?" asked Janet. 

 "Probably. She can't stripe us too much. But she will find an excuse to use 
  the rack, or that X frame to make life uncomfortable for us," said Camille. 

 "You said last night that you weren't a slave originally. Why did you stay 
  then, after you had discovered just what your employer was up to?" 

 "It's a long story. Let's just say that my relationships have always proved 
  to be a disaster. There's something different in being Stephanie's slave. A 
  sense of belonging that I never felt before. Even if it means getting a few 
  stripes and a dildo up my pussy sometimes." 

 "I got the impression last night that you rather enjoyed your predicament." 

 "No more than you enjoyed being whipped last night. Something that I'm rather 
  well acquainted with myself," said Camille. 

 Just as both girls had finished the breakfast dishes, they were both called 
  before Stephanie. 

 "In order to help your work today, I've decided that a little extra stimulation 
  is in order. Stand straight, and open your legs," ordered Stephanie. 

 In quick succession, both girls found themselves wearing the familiar dildo 
  harness. First Janet, who winced when the belt was tightened around her waist, 
  and then the strap was locked between her legs with the rubber phallus within. 
  Except that this one also had a clitoral stimulator that brushed her every time 
  she moved! 

 Under her Maid's outfit, Camille was relieved of the lacey panties that she 
  wore. The belt was locked around her waist, and she gasped when she saw that 
  not only was there a rubber phallus, but also a butt plug. Stephanie fingered 
  lubricant into her asshole, and drew the strap tightly inside Camille. She gasped 
  when the dildo first went inside her sex, then stood stiffly as the butt plug 
  slid inside her as well. Finally the strap was locked with a small padlock. 

 "There now," said Stephanie. "I'm sure that will help both you girls keep 
  your mind on your work. Now both of you, be off!" 

 "Thank you, Mistress," they both said unison. 

 Every few steps, indeed every motion, kept Janet in a constant state of erotic 
  excitement. It was impossible to stop the orgasms from coming one after another. 
  It was her job to clean silverware, dust, and wash floors. Camille had the more 
  difficult task of doing laundry and cleaning windows. 

 Still, they both managed to get their tasks done. Janet struggled to keep 
  her concentration, even when she fantasized herself ripping the belt from around 
  her waist. She wondered if there were any knives sharp enough in the kitchen 
  to cut the tough leather of the belt. But she would never do that, since the 
  belt and the phallus were both extensions of the collar and bracelets that she 
  wore. 

 Lunch was a quick affair. Camille served Stephanie, then they ate together. 
  They were both allowed use of the bathroom, then again locked in their harnesses. 

 Getting into then the second time was easier than the first, and both went 
  back to their jobs. 

 Crash! After cleaning a bowl that Janet had left on the kitchen countertop, 
  she had by accident knocked into it and it fell to the floor. Janet realized 
  that she had done something, after being so careful all day, which would merit 
  her a punishment of some kind. 

 Damn! Thought Janet. I'm going to get it now! 

 The sound brought both Stephanie and Camille to the kitchen. 

 "What happened?" asked Stephanie. 

 "I broke a bowl, Mistress," said Janet. 

 "Yes. I can see that. Please clean it up. There will be a special punishment 
  for you this evening," said Stephanie. 

 Camille remained behind to help Janet clean up. 

 "Well, I guess that it would have been one of us," said Camille. 

 "I'm the new girl," said Janet, "so I'm supposed to be punished." 

 "Camille!" called Stephanie, "get back to your work! You know what will happen 
  if you don't!" 

 "Gotta go," said Camille. 

 "Yes," said Janet. 

 Janet was dejected and lonely while she cleaned up the ness that she had made. 
  Somehow, she had managed to avoid crying. Even perched on the high heels and 
  with the dildo inside her, she cleaned up all traces of the glass bowl from 
  the kitchen floor. 

 Dinner that Saturday night was strained. Mistress first, slaves second. Stephanie 
  had not removed their harnesses, so the faces of both girls were flushed and 
  excited during dinner and cleanup. 

 After dinner, Stephanie had removed Janet's harness. Her sex was dripping 
  with her fluids after having worn the dildo all day. Inexplicably, Camille was 
  still wearing hers. 

 "You know why she removed yours," began Camille when they were alone, "because 
  she'll probably want to use your behind tonight." 

 "I guess so. At least I'm free for the moment," said Janet. 

 "And you get to go home, don't you? There's no Mistress around to dominate 
  you seven days a week." 

 "True. But I'll tell you a secret. I bought myself a collar, bracelets, and 
  high heels just like I'm wearing now at home. I wear them at night during the 
  week. Maybe next I'll buy a gag and a harness. Just to keep myself amused." 

 "You're really getting into this, aren't you?" asked Camille. 

 "I guess I am." 

 Janet was now used to the ritual of being gagged and blindfolded, her arms 
  restrained behind her back, and finally leashed on her way to the dungeon. However, 
  Stephanie introduced something new. Just before she was blindfolded, Stephanie 
  produced a leather strap that she fastened over Janet's elbows. She pulled the 
  strap tight, finally buckling it secure. Then Janet lost her sight. 

 When she heard a lock click shut, she knew that she was in the dungeon again. 
  She took one cautious step after another, and found that her leash was now locked 
  onto something. 

 Janet resigned herself to wait for whatever Mistress Stephanie would have 
  in store for her next. In time, Janet's arms began to hurt. Having her arms 
  drawn backward and strapped together was something new, and she was not sure 
  that she liked the sensation. 

 Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, she heard the approach of two 
  pairs of heels. Without her sight, she had become adept at listening, and could 
  distinguish when more than one person was walking. At least if they wore high 
  heels on a Dungeon floor! 

 Janet blinked when the blindfold was suddenly removed. Her eyes took some 
  time to adjust to the bright lights. 

 "Lonely, Janet?" asked Stephanie. 

 All that Janet could do was stand in mute silence as Stephanie taunted her. 
  She shifted her position, and hoped that her elbow strap would be removed. 

 "I think that a little light punishment is called for first before we move 
  onto more serious things, don't you agree?" 

 Janet nodded her head in assent. 

 "Good. Camille, get her ready and bent over the horse," ordered Stephanie. 

 Janet was soon free of her gag, the elbow strap, and leash. She thanked Stephanie, 
  and was next bent over the horse, her arms and legs spread wide. It had been 
  the last position that her own Mistress had bound her in. 

 "Ready, darling?" asked Stephanie. 

 Stephanie had worn a simple black rubber bra that lifted up her breasts, a 
  matching skirt, and thigh high rubber boots. She flexed the riding crop again 
  in her hands. 

 "Yes, Mistress. Please punish me." 

 Stephanie began by using the crop's tip to land selective blows on Janet's 
  behind. First one ass cheek then another felt the impact of the crop. The Dungeon 
  echoed with each slap of the leather on her flesh. 

 With her behind in the air, all Janet could do was pull without effect on 
  her chains. The steel and leather bracelets were unyielding, and she sometimes 
  grunted each time that she felt the crop strike her behind. 

 Still, the impacts seemed restrained and controlled. Almost as if Mistress 
  Stephanie was holding back for some reason that Janet did not know. Still, it 
  was bad enough to have her behind punished. She would have a hard time sitting 
  down at work all week! 

 After twenty strokes, Stephanie halted. 

 "Had enough, Janet?" asked Stephanie. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Good," said Stephanie as she rubbed Janet's behind, "your bottom is nicely 
  red and warm. I think that we'll just go on." 

 "Thank you, Mistress." 

 Janet stole a glance at Camille, and was surprised to see a look of jealously 
  on her face! After first criticizing Janet for being a bondage slave, maybe 
  Camille wished that she were the one bent over the horse just now! 

 Next, Stephanie produced a tube of lubricant and began to spread it around 
  Janet's asshole. Janet remained silent, not wishing to provoke the Mistress. 

 "Since your pussy had the dildo inside all day, I think that we shouldn't 
  let your other hole go unattended, hmmm?" 

 Janet flinched when she felt a dildo slowly inserted into her behind. She 
  relaxed, remembering when her Mistress had calmed her as she used her finger 
  to explore Janet's behind. While she was tight at first, she gradually relaxed 
  and the dildo found it's way inside her! 

 "That's a good girl," said Stephanie. 

 "Thank you, Mistress." 

 If anyone had told her six months ago that she would be cropped and bound 
  over a horse with a dildo up her ass, she would have told him or her they were 
  crazy. Instead here she was, calm as day, with the dildo stuck in her behind. 

 Stephanie spread Janet's ass cheeks, and made sure that the dildo had penetrated 
  far within. Once she was satisfied that it was without doing any damage, she 
  left it there for a while. 

 She reached down and fondled Janet's nipples, which were already hard from 
  all the excitement so far. She also reached in Janet's sex, and found that Janet's 
  sex was wet. 

 After what seemed like an eternity, Janet felt the dildo removed. For some 
  reason, Stephanie had donned a pair of rubber gloves, and then inspected her 
  asshole like it was some medical examination! 

 "Good," said Stephanie. 

 "Mistress?" asked Janet. 

 "Nothing, dear. Now we shall proceed." 

 Janet was then released from the horse, and her wrists were again locked behind 
  her back. She kept silent, since she did not want to incur Stephanie's anger. 

 "Ever been on a rack, Janet?" asked Stephanie. 

 "No, Mistress," Janet answered in a tiny voice. 

 Janet had an instant dread of the rack. She thought that tonight's special 
  punishment for breaking the bowl was what she had just received on the horse. 
  But now she was going to be stretched on the rack! Something that she had seen 
  in numerous horror films! She was terrified of the idea that the thing could 
  be used on her. 

 Stephanie led Janet over to the rack. Her wrists were released, and she was 
  made to sit up on the device. She then lay down, and spread her arms and legs 
  until she was in the shape of an X. Her cuffs were soon attached to bars, leaving 
  her spread-eagled and helpless on the device. 

 Lying flat on the rack, Janet knew that her torment was soon to come. She 
  had not resisted because she was darkly curious about the engine. She wanted 
  to know just what it would be like to be stretched and immobile on the thing, 
  even if it would be painful. 

 Janet realized that she had become like those bored, thrill starved people 
  that did dangerous things for kicks. Except that for her, it was B&D that excited 
  her. 

 "Ready, Janet?" 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Stephanie ran her left hand over the figure of the bound girl, only pausing 
  to pinch her erect nipples and knead her wet sex. The girl took easily to her 
  slavery, and was willing to accept punishment eagerly. 

 She walked in her high heels over to the head of the rack, and gradually pulled 
  the big wheel. Each time the wheel moved, the metal ratchet clicked once. This 
  tightened the chain ever so slightly, reducing the slack and pulling Janet forward. 

 Janet gradually felt the rack tighten it's grip upon her, as her hands were 
  slowly pulled forward. She could do nothing except to dig her nails into her 
  palms, as the tension on her gradually increased. 

 Each click brought new pressure on Janet, as she tried in vain to resist the 
  rack. It was truly implacable in nature, and she was helpless in its grip. 

 "Well now. Enjoying yourself, Janet?" 

 Janet did not know what to reply. She had not been stretched so far that it 
  was painful just yet. But she imagined what the thing could do! 

 "Do you know, some of my other girls really love the rack? Why, they don't 
  even regard it as a complete visit with me unless they've been stretched as 
  you are now." 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Would you like to know why I have such a thing in my house?" asked Stephanie. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "One of my slaves, a very rich woman, always dreamed that she would be stretched 
  on a rack. She had it built, and made a present of it to me. She was the first 
  person that it was used upon," described Stephanie. 

 Janet sighed as she tried to adjust herself to the rack. It was implacable 
  in the way it held her, and all she could do was rub her bare behind on the 
  polished wood surface. 

 "You really are liking this, aren't you?" asked Stephanie. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Stephanie paused to caress Janet again. The rack had flattened her female 
  figure somewhat, but Janet still responded to the touch of the Mistress's fingers. 
  She traced the outlines of Janet's breasts and belly, then proceed again down 
  to her sex. Janet moaned with both pain and pleasure at the same time. 

 "You know," began Stephanie, "throughout history, people have come to love 
  their tormentors." 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Do you love me?" asked Stephanie. 

 "No, Mistress Stephanie. I love Mistress Erica, who owns me." 

 "Very good, Janet. I would hate to think after just a couple of days with 
  me, you would be ready to leave your true Mistress," said Stephanie. 

 Stephanie then slowly resumed tightening the rack, and with each click the 
  tension on Janet grew ever tighter. Her entire body felt as if was being stretched. 

 Looking down at herself, she was horrified to see that her chest had become 
  flattened. However, her nipples was hard and erect, and pointed up defiantly 
  at the ceiling. 

 Just when it seemed that her agony of the rack would go on forever, and Stephanie 
  would never stop tightening the rack, the Mistress stopped. 

 "Had enough?" asked Stephanie. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Would you like to be removed from the rack?" 

 "Yes, please. If my Mistress desires it," Janet answered. 

 Janet was relieved when Stephanie clicked something in the rack and the tension 
  on her limbs began to ease. What had been agony for Janet a few seconds before 
  had finally ended. 

 "Thank you, Mistress!" cried Janet. 

 "You're welcome, dear." 

 Janet then watched as Stephanie unlocked her wrists and ankles from the chains 
  that had held her to the rack. She was free of the thing! 

 "You may get up now, Janet. Camille, help Janet to her room. I think that 
  she's had enough for tonight. Then you may come to my bedroom." 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Camille. 

 Stephanie left the Dungeon without saying another word. Janet slowly pulled 
  herself upwards, and sat on the wooden instrument. 

 "How do you feel?" asked Camille. 

 "About seven feet tall," Janet answered. 

 "You'll be all right after a hot soak. You really weren't in any danger, you 
  know." 

 "Why?" asked Janet, suddenly curious. 

 "You should have read those plaques you were dusting today. Stephanie is a 
  full MD, who practiced for several years before retiring early." 

 "That's why she was so careful with my asshole," concluded Janet. 

 "Right, now lets get you bathed and ready for bed." 

 Again Janet was bathed and massaged by Camille, who massaged the sore muscles 
  on her back. It felt just so good! 

 "Just don't play tennis for a while," advised Camille. 

 Camille locked Janet's collar to the chain hanging from the wall. Janet was 
  again captive. 

 "What happens with you and Stephanie?" asked Janet. 

 "It depends. Perhaps she'll crop me a little, or I'll service her. I may get 
  invited into bed, or spend the evening chained on the floor at the foot of her 
  bed. It's something different each night." 

 Janet became instantly jealous. She had not yet been invited to share her 
  Mistress's bed. She longed for Erica's caress, and wanted to show her Mistress 
  what she was now capable of. 

 "Bye," said Camille. 

 Janet silently cried herself to sleep that night. 

 Part Two: The Third Weekend 

 Janet waited anxiously outside her building for the limo to come. She was 
  so impatient! She wished that she could somehow sprout wings and fly away to 
  Mistress Stephanie's house on her own, without having to be driven there. 

 Last Saturday night, Stephanie had chained Camille in her bedroom, and invited 
  Janet to share her bed. Or so she had thought. First, she had been made to kneel 
  at her bedside while Stephanie attended to herself. Then, she had finally been 
  asked to tongue Stephanie's pussy. 

 Janet was certain that she had been doing a good job in getting Stephanie 
  aroused (she certainly was) when the Mistress had suddenly called a halt. Janet 
  then found her hands locked behind her back and a red rubber ball gag tied around 
  her neck. She was then chained to the foot of the bed by her collar, and told 
  that if she made a sound she would be made to wear the gag all night. 

 Janet felt angry at her rejection by the Mistress! She knew that she had been 
  doing a good job, and instead her reward was to lie chained at her bed all night! 

 This weekend she was going to be the most submissive slave that she could 
  be! She was going to find some way to pierce that coldness that Stephanie displayed, 
  and get into her bed. No matter how jealous that made Camille. 

 Finally, the limo pulled up and she was on her way. All week she had planned 
  what she was going to do to gain Stephanie's attention. There had to be some 
  way that she was going to be noticed, and Janet was going to find it! 

 On the bridge there was a sudden traffic jam. Instead of breezing though (it 
  was after rush hour) they sat on the bridge for over an hour as an overturned 
  truck was cleared. Finally they got upstate, and Janet looked in horror at the 
  time on her watch. 

 When they finally pulled up in front of Stephanie's house she was fully two 
  hours late! For failing to arrive on time, Janet knew that she would be subject 
  to some horrible punishment and all her plans were useless. 

 Still, she bravely walked up to the door. Even though Stephanie knew that 
  she was here, Janet had to ring the bell. She saw the red lights of the departing 
  limo, as it left on the driveway. 

 The door was opened by Camille, who was wearing a red latex Maid's uniform. 
  Her waist seemed smaller than before, and Janet wondered if she was wearing 
  a corset underneath the rubber. 

 "You're late," commented Camille. 

 "There was an accident on the bridge," said Janet as she entered the house. 

 "Let me take your coat, and the rest of your clothes," directed Camille. 

 In the hallway, Janet was divested of her clothes. On a table were all of 
  the instruments of her confinement. The collar, bracelets, leash, and ball gag 
  all seemed so innocent until a naked slave girl wore them. On the floor were 
  her high heels, which Camille locked upon her feet. 

 It took a few moments for Janet to once again wear her leather devices of 
  slavery. She stood still as Camille locked her wrists behind her back, then 
  buckled the gag into her mouth. Once the leash was attached, Janet was totally 
  helpless. 

 "Into the library," said Camille. 

 Taking small steps behind Camille, whose latex outfit rustled whenever she 
  moved Janet followed her companion. Camille knocked before she entered the library. 

 "Come in," said Stephanie's voice through the wooden door. 

 Janet obediently followed behind, only to be embarrassed because Stephanie 
  was not alone! With her was another woman and they were both seated in front 
  of the computer. 

 "Ah, yes. About time that you arrived, Janet," said Stephanie. 

 "Who's this?" asked the stranger. 

 "Not one of mine. I'm minding her while her Mistress is away. But she should 
  have been here two hours ago. Camille, bring her here, please!" demanded Stephanie. 

 Camille quickly complied, and handed Janet's leash to Stephanie. 

 "Now run along," ordered Stephanie. "Blanca and I will amuse ourselves with 
  Janet for a while." 

 All that Janet could do was stand in mute embarrassment in the presence of 
  the two women. Camille left quickly, her heels clicking on the wooden floor. 

 "May I?" asked Blanca. 

 "Go ahead," replied Stephanie. 

 Blanca was an attractive woman, in her thirties. She had dark skin and an 
  attractive figure. She was wearing a black leather dress that hugged the curves 
  of her body, stockings, and moderate black leather heels. She pulled her chair 
  back from the computer, and walked over to Janet. 

 "Now then, what do we have here?" asked Blanca as she tugged gently on Janet's 
  leash. 

 Janet had no alternative but to step towards Blanca as her leash was pulled. 

 "Turn around," ordered Blanca. 

 Janet turned around, with the only sounds in the library being the taps of 
  her heels and the rustle of her leash. 

 "She's been well used," observed Blanca. 

 "What Erica didn't punish, I attended to," dryly commented Stephanie. 

 "How does she take the whip?" 

 "Some resistance, but after a few strokes, she's quite willing," Stephanie 
  answered. 

 Blanca then reached out and grabbed Janet's right breast, squeezing it firmly 
  in her hand. She tightened her grip so strongly that Janet squealed from behind 
  her gag. Then Blanca flicked Janet's nipple with one of her fingernails making 
  Janet flinch, even though Blanca has still holding firmly onto her breast. 

 "She needs additional control," said Blanca. 

 "Perhaps with some additional training," observed Stephanie. 

 Blanca then inspected Janet's sex. 

 "Open your legs, slave," ordered Blanca. 

 Janet complied, wondering just what her new tormentor would do next. 

 "She needs to be shaved. Whenever I train someone new, shaving a cunt makes 
  her feel even more naked," said Blanca. 

 "I'll tell Erica," said Stephanie. 

 Blanca had released Janet's breast and was now probing her sex by inserting 
  two fingers into her sheath and penetrating deeply. 

 "She wets easily," observed Blanca. 

 "Because she desires a Mistress," said Stephanie, "any Mistress." 

 Janet shifted when she felt the walls of her sex being scraped by Blanca's 
  fingernail. 

 "Quiet," ordered Blanca. 

 Janet submitted to the examination of her sex, staying quiet and in one position. 
  She knew that if she didn't, it would mean a punishment later. She then felt 
  the probing fingers withdraw, and relaxed. 

 Blanca then turned Janet around, and she felt her back being examined. Then 
  her ass cheeks were pulled apart, and Blanca ordered her to bend over. Janet 
  felt demeaned by the examination that she was being given by the stranger, like 
  she was merchandise on display! 

 "A tight little hole. Bet she hasn't been used there," said Blanca. 

 "No, Erica said to leave her little behind alone. Besides, there's enough 
  to do without going up her ass," said Stephanie. 

 "I wouldn't want to go against Erica's orders. Still, not having her pussy 
  shaved and not using her behind makes her one privileged little slave," said 
  Blanca. 

 "I would imagine that Erica will get around to those items sooner or later. 
  She usually does," observed Stephanie. 

 "Shall we use her?" asked Blanca. 

 "Sure. You're my guest." 

 "Here, or in the Dungeon?" questioned Blanca. 

 "Here will do fine. Camille didn't clean the Dungeon from last night, which 
  she will be soundly punished for. I'm sure that we can make Janet feel quite 
  uncomfortable here in the library," said Stephanie as she turned off the computer 
  and rose from her seat. 

 Stephanie unlocked a desk drawer, and proceeded to remove several items from 
  within including chains, a riding crop, clamps, and a dildo and harness. She 
  pressed a switch on the desk, and part of the library wall turned around to 
  reveal ringbolts to which someone might be secured. 

 "Nice touch," said Blanca. 

 "Useful when I don't want to confine someone in the Dungeon all the time. 
  This way I can work here, and attend to a slave also," said Stephanie. 

 Janet's wrists were released, then locked again to the ringbolts above her 
  head. Then her legs were separated and locked also, making her vulnerable to 
  what the two Dominants desired of her. Janet's behind was against the polished 
  wooden paneling of the wall, and she smelled the furniture polish. 

 Blanca then removed the leash from Janet's collar, pausing only to pinch Janet's 
  erect nipple. 

 "She's quite ready," said Blanca. 

 Stephanie handed her guest a riding crop that had a flat piece of heavy black 
  leather at the tip, cut into a square. 

 "Why don't you try this?" suggested Stephanie. 

 Blanca bent the crop in her hands to test its stiffness, and flicked the leather 
  at the end. 

 "Yes, this will do quite nicely," said Blanca. 

 Blanca then began by running her hands over Janet's spread-eagled form, pausing 
  only to trace the outline of her breasts and sex. Then Janet felt her thighs 
  being examined, and Blanca feeling her muscles like she was a racehorse! 

 Then Blanca started by lightly tapping the crop against her own leg, before 
  first using on Janet's exposed form. 

 The crop landed on Janet's left breast and stung, even though the leather 
  distributed the force of the stroke over a large area. Janet stiffened within 
  her bondage, glad that the bracelets kept her firmly against the wall. 

 Blanca did not stop after the first, but instead kept striking Janet's figure 
  with the riding crop. Each time the leather impacted on Janet, the sound was 
  heard in the library. Janet could only moan from behind the ball gag, which 
  had taken away her power of speech. 

 "She takes the crop well," said Blanca. 

 "Yes, I've noticed that too. Erica must have a very good eye for choosing 
  girls. Just like that other one Sally, a natural for the whip." 

 Janet's attention suddenly shifted from Blanca to Stephanie. She said Sally! 
  Did that mean her friend Sally Belmar, who had introduced her to Erica, or perhaps 
  another girl? 

 "Some Doms have all the luck," said Blanca. "The last one I tried to train 
  was willing, but unsatisfactory. All she really wanted to do was wear latex 
  and look sexy." 

 "Well some girls are just fakes pretending that they're slave material," said 
  Blanca. 

 "While others are the real thing," finished Stephanie. 

 "Yes, observed Blanca. 

 Idly, Janet noticed that Blanca's exertions while cropping her had produced 
  a fine sheen of sweat on her tormentor's face. Blanca reached up with her free 
  hand and wiped her brow, before delivering yet another series of punishing blows 
  on Janet's naked skin. 

 "Still, she has yet to be fully trained," said Blanca. 

 "Once trained, she should wear someone's ring in her sex. But that is for 
  later, and besides, it's Erica's decision." 

 "Mmmmph!" cried Janet from her gag. 

 Blanca reached forward and inserted her finger into Janet's sex, and found 
  that she was quite wet. She removed her finger, and showed the proof to Janet 
  herself. 

 "You're quite the bondage slut, you know. I think that you've already passed 
  the point where you may never think of sex without bondage, hmmm? Asked Blanca. 

 In spite of her best efforts, it was hard not to be aroused by her punishment 
  in the library. She only wished that Blanca would do something else, as the 
  crop had struck her breasts many times. 

 "Enough," said Blanca, pausing. 

 "Not quite," said Stephanie, rising from her chair. 

 Stephanie was dressed in an old shirt, and worn blue jeans. She took the crop 
  from Blanca, and proceeded to use it between Janet's legs! 

 The strokes were not hard, but each time that the leather pad struck Janet's 
  thigh, it was like a small bolt of lightning coursed through her. Try as she 
  might, Janet knew that she was driven to climax many times by the crop. 

 "Mmmmmph!" 

 "That's much better," said Stephanie. "Now she's really in the mood." 

 "What's next?" Asked Blanca. 

 "She's yours, remember," answered Stephanie. 

 "How about the footstool?" 

 "Good choice. Girls just love the stool. Nothings more erotic than being tied 
  down to the footstool, rubbing their breasts against it while I thrash their 
  behinds," stated Stephanie. 

 In short order, Janet was released from the wall, and led, still gagged, over 
  to the footstool. She recalled the first time that she had entered Stephanie's 
  house, and seen Camille bound on the stool. Now it would be her turn! 

 Then she was quickly secured with ropes on her elbows and knees. Just to make 
  certain that they were tight, Blanca cinched her bonds by adding an additional 
  loop at 90 degrees to the strands that already her Janet to the stool's legs. 

 "There now, that should hold you," said Blanca. 

 Both dominants paused to admire Blanca's handiwork, and Stephanie patted Janet's 
  behind gently. 

 "Do you have a paddle?" Asked Blanca. 

 "Sure," said Stephanie. 

 Stephanie produced not only a black leather paddle, but also the same dildo 
  that Janet had seen used on Camille when she had been bound to the stool. 

 "Do you want to test her?" asked Stephanie. 

 "Yes. Though given how wet she is, I doubt that she'll be able to hold the 
  dildo inside," said Blanca. 

 Blanca took the dildo, and knelt down behind Janet's upturned behind. The 
  Janet winced as she felt two fingers open her sex, and the rigid dildo's tip 
  was slowly inserted. She tried to pull away, and bucked as the invader slowly 
  entered her sex. Even though she resisted, Blanca had no trouble inserting the 
  phallus since Janet was already excited by what she had received so far. 

 Blanca pushed the dildo inside Janet, until Janet was squirming and fighting. 
  It felt like the dildo was splitting her in two before Blanca stopped forcing 
  it in. 

 "That's good," said Blanca, "now you keep that inside while I punish you, 
  or else!" 

 Janet's cunt muscles were firmly clamped around the phallus, after having 
  had the thing pushed inside her. With her behind sticking up in the air, she 
  knew that it would be there that the paddle would be used. 

 Crack! 

 Janet was unprepared for the first strike of the paddle. She had thought that 
  Blanca would somehow ease into using the new instrument, but instead she had 
  delivered a truly punishing bow with her first stroke. It was only with the 
  greatest effort that she maintained control and managed to hold the phallus 
  within. 

 Blanca then continued to punish first one buttock, then the other. Janet rubbed 
  her bound nakedness against that black leather of the stool, and found herself 
  only getting further aroused by her efforts. 

 "Why didn't you test her with the paddle first?" asked Stephanie. 

 "Because she's a slave, and should be used to punishment by now," answered 
  Blanca. 

 Janet knew that her behind must be red by now, and she felt her punished skin 
  slowly heat up with every impact of the leather paddle. She bit down on her 
  gag, and stifled a cry. 

 Blanca paused and wiped her brow. 

 "Why don't you get out of that dress?" asked Stephanie. 

 "Not yet. The only time I will take this dress off will be for bed." 

 Blanca reached down between Janet's legs, and made sure that the dildo was 
  still firmly inserted in Janet's sex. When she gently shifted the shaft slightly, 
  Janet was unable to contain a moan, which was the only sound in the library. 

 "She certainly has control for one so untrained," commented Blanca. 

 "Perhaps you should test her further," advised Stephanie. 

 Both Dominants were suddenly startled by a knock on the door. 

 "Come in," ordered Stephanie. 

 Camille appeared, still in her Maid's outfit. 

 "The Dungeon has been cleaned, Mistress," said Camille. 

 "Good, I'll be down to inspect it later. Blanca will not need you tonight, 
  but perhaps I will, after I have inspected your work. Now go!" 

 "Yes, Mistress," Camille answered before departing. 

 Blanca then continued to punish her behind again, heating up the flesh to 
  such a degree that Janet knew that she would have a hard time sitting down at 
  work all week. She was sure that her ass was bright red, and that the flesh 
  was blistering from the many impacts that she had endured. 

 "Mmmmmph!" cried Janet. 

 Still the paddle struck her flesh, and she began to cry. Would there be no 
  end to this singular form of discipline? 

 Blanca inspected her work by rubbing her hands again Janet's skin. Janet flinched 
  when she felt how cold in comparison Blanca's hands were against her heated 
  behind. 

 Still, the dildo remained inside! Janet was sure that she would suddenly lose 
  control and it would slip out in the excitement. 

 "There now girl," soothed Blanca, "almost done." 

 Janet wondered if her behind was again going to be paddled, but instead felt 
  Blanca's hands reach upwards to her breasts. Then her nipples were fondled and 
  pinched, and Janet again squirmed against the leather. 

 "Mmmmmph!" 

 "Not yet," said Blanca. 

 Janet felt herself explode in a series of orgasms that came one after another. 
  She rubbed against the leather like a cat in heat, and tried to draw in all 
  the air she could through her nose. She felt like she would have passed out. 

 Finally, it was over! She relaxed against the leather, and after collecting 
  her wits, realized that the dildo was still inside her! 

 Blanca then reached between Janet's legs and pulled the dildo out, which was 
  glistening with Janet's juices. Janet watched, quite curious, what would happen 
  to her next! 

 "You have excellent control," pronounced Blanca. 

 "Mmmmph!" 

 "Would you like me to remove her gag?" asked Stephanie. 

 "Yes, I think that she's earned it," said Blanca. 

 Janet felt Stephanie's fingers pull the leather strap from roller buckle and 
  their tension was suddenly released. The ball was removed, and Janet breathed 
  deeply. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," said Janet between gasps. 

 "It's quite late," said Blanca. 

 "What do you want next?" asked Stephanie. 

 "I'd like to have her for night, if that's all right with you," said Blanca. 

 "Certainly." 

 Janet found herself quickly released from her footstool, with the rope straps 
  uncoiled on the floor. She was made to coil them up neatly on the desk, placed 
  next to the paddle, ball gag, and riding crop. 

 Then her hands were locked behind her back, and she was pulled along by Blanca 
  inserting a finger through a D ring on her collar. 

 "Don't forget the key for her shoes," cautioned Stephanie, "I don't want my 
  sheets torn." 

 "Sorry," answered Blanca. 

 Stephanie handed Blanca a set of keys, as if she were giving away a set of 
  car keys. 

 "Enjoy yourself," said Stephanie. 

 Janet was pulled along to a bedroom, and was not surprised to see her locked 
  to the foot of a four poster bed. She watched in silence as Blanca zipped herself 
  out of the leather dress and placed it on a hanger she removed from the closet. 
  Her tormentor was wearing a set of lacy black feminine underwear, and stockings 
  with a garter belt. Soon, she was nude. 

 "That's better," said Blanca. 

 "You're quite beautiful, Mistress," commented Janet. 

 "Thank you. You're quite a good little girl for having kept the dildo inside 
  you. Therefore, I've decided to use you for the night." 

 "Thank you, Mistress." 

 Janet expected that they would both bathe first, and Blanca would make Janet 
  serve as her bath girl in the process. Instead, she was quickly unlocked including 
  her shoes, and both got between the sheets. Her collar to the bedpost locked 
  Janet, which was her only method of confinement. 

 While Janet had only made love before to Tiffany, Blanca quickly devoured 
  her. The Dominant consumed her hurt flesh, bringing Janet again and again to 
  orgasms, making her body buck and shake with each climax. 

 Then Janet had to service Blanca's cunt, which she did to the best of her 
  ability. Blanca didn't complain, only pulling at Janet's hair to force her deeper 
  in her willing sex. 

 Finally, both were worn out and Janet glanced at the clock, which read 3 AM. 
  She glanced at Blanca, and saw that the Dominant was asleep with soft snores 
  coming from her body. 

 The sheets were damp with their sweat and juices, and Janet felt dirty yet 
  fulfilled. She had finally satisfied a Mistress! 

 Saturday morning started unusually for Janet. Unlike before, Janet and Camille 
  were responsible for bathing and dressing both Stephanie and Blanca. Janet used 
  everything that she had been taught both in Erica's and Stephanie's house to 
  attend to the Mistress and her guest. She did her duties naked, and wished that 
  she could take a quick shower, but had to wait. Camille was dressed in a black 
  latex Maid's outfit, which was surely uncomfortable to wear in the hot and steamy 
  bathroom. 

 After both women were cleaned and dressed, they went downstairs. Janet was 
  finally alone with Camille. 

 "I'm to give you a quick bath, then you're to be dressed in a uniform like 
  mine," said Camille. 

 For Janet, a quick bath in reality meant a long time soaking in a hot and 
  steamy tub. The hot water both stung and soothed her aching flesh and she again 
  felt every stroke of the paddle and whip. 

 Camille then took her into one of the bedrooms and dressed her in a uniform 
  similar to hers. She wore a rubber panty and bra underneath, plus her usual 
  high heels. She stood still as Camille zipped her into the uniform. 

 Camille then changed her own uniform that had become hot and sweaty with her 
  work. She gave herself a quick birdbath as Janet knelt in the bedroom. 

 "Ready?" asked Camille. 

 "It's a little strange wearing clothes again," said Janet. 

 "You'll get used to this, I imagine," laughed Camille. 

 "My brother was in the wrestling squad in high school. He had a rubber outfit 
  that he used to wear just prior to a match so he could quickly lose some weight 
  to get an advantage over someone in a lesser weight class. After he quit the 
  squad, I used to wear it also," said Janet. 

 "Did it make you feel sexy?" asked Camille. 

 "Not like this," said Janet, admiring herself in the mirror. 

 "We're supposed to serve both Mistresses today, with you properly dressed 
  so don't make any mistakes! I don't want to have to work all day with a dildo 
  inside me! Okay?" 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Janet. 

 For that Saturday, Janet worked in her latex uniform serving as a Maid. She 
  again helped Camille with all of the housework and cooking. She didn't say anything 
  when they made Stephanie's room up, though she could guess what had happened 
  there the previous night by the bed's condition. 

 She could smell the sweaty sheets and the juices on the bed, and knew that 
  Camille and her Mistress had been in bed together. Under the bed, she found 
  a dildo and riding crop, and gave them to Camille. 

 "Good, I've got to store these away," said Camille. 

 "You told me that you were hired just as a regular Maid. Then why did you 
  stay after........." 

 "After I found out about Stephanie's unusual interests? Maybe I was bored, 
  or looking for something different. In any event, I found what I wanted," said 
  Camille. 

 The two women did all the cooking and cleaning together, and Janet found that 
  working in a latex uniform made her feel sexy and interesting. Whenever she 
  moved, she loved the rustle of the latex, and the way it clung to her figure. 
  The heat of her body generated sweat, which somehow made her feel even more 
  excited. Soon, the uniform had molded itself to her figure. 

 Remarkably, neither Dominant decided to use either slave during the day. Janet 
  wondered if during the week, Stephanie amused herself with Camille. Thus both 
  of them were able to get their work done without any interference. 

 Finally, Dinner came and Camille cooked and Janet served. She did everything 
  that Camille had told her to, and it seemed to go all right. She managed not 
  to spill anything throughout the entire meal. 

 When the dining room was cleared both Dominants rose and left for the library. 

 "Please join us in ten minutes," said Stephanie. 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Camille and Janet in unison. 

 Janet eyed Camille silently. What was going to happen tonight? Would she again 
  be subjected to something new and different in the Dungeon, or would she be 
  punished as before? 

 Both slaves entered the library as instructed and stood silently awaiting 
  instructions. 

 "Camille, I want you to go with Blanca to the Dungeon to get ready. Janet, 
  I want you to stay with me for a while," ordered Stephanie. 

 After they were left alone, Janet stood in silence as she awaited her next 
  command from her Mistress. 

 "Janet, come to the desk, please?" asked Stephanie, who was seated behind 
  it. 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Janet as she did what she was instructed. 

 Stephanie removed the instruments of a Dominant. The ballgag, riding crop, 
  whip, clips, and cuffs. 

 "Tell me, Janet. Have you ever handled a riding crop before?" asked Stephanie. 

 "I rode a horse once. They gave them out, but I never had to use it." 

 "What happened?" 

 "I fell off the horse." 

 Stephanie laughed. 

 "And are you familiar with any of these objects, or have any at home? Tell 
  me, you're not allowed to keep secrets from your Mistress." 

 Janet choked. She had never told Erica that she had gone to shops in New York 
  City and purchased cuffs and heels that she wore at night. Would this earn her 
  a beating? 

 "Since I became a slave to Mistress Erica, I went and purchased a set of cuffs 
  and a collar to wear when I'm naked at home. It's comforting, and reminds me 
  of Erica," confessed Janet. 

 "Good. I'm sure that Erica will be glad to know that you think of her even 
  when you're not in the Dungeon," said Stephanie. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," answered Janet. 

 "Pick up the crop," ordered Stephanie. 

 "Mistress?" questioned Janet. 

 "Pick up the crop," again ordered Stephanie, "or do I have to strike your 
  behind with it?" 

 Hesitantly, Janet reached out and grasped the leather handle. She picked up 
  it with her right hand grasping the handle. With her left, she ran her fingers 
  over its entire length. 

 "You can flex it," said Stephanie, "it won't bite." 

 Doing as she was told, Janet imitated Stephanie's motions with the crop. 

 "How long have you been a slave, Janet?" asked Stephanie. 

 "Five months," Janet answered. 

 "During that time, have you ever wondered just what it might feel to hold 
  a crop, or to use it on someone else? Answer me and be truthful," questioned 
  Stephanie. 

 "Yes, Mistress. I've often thought about how it might feel if I used a riding 
  crop," admitted Janet. 

 "Would you like to?" asked Stephanie. 

 "Mistress!" exclaimed Janet. 

 "Come now. You've enough stripes on your flesh. Wouldn't you like to administer 
  some on another slave girl?" asked Stephanie. 

 Janet was struck speechless. Sure, she had fantasized about it, except that 
  she knew the pain that she would be causing if she wielded the crop herself. 
  There was no way that she would ever want to inflict pain on someone, especially 
  not another slave girl! 

 "If you don't reply, there's at least twenty strokes for you with my most 
  painful crop," said Stephanie. 

 "I wouldn't like to whip someone else, Mistress," Janet replied cautiously. 

 "Would you rather take the punishment yourself, then?" 

 "What punishment?" asked Janet. 

 "Earlier, Camille made a mistake today. I told her that she would get punished 
  for it. It doesn't matter who administers the strokes, just so long as it gets 
  done. I am offering her to you, just for tonight. Will you accept my offer, 
  or get double hers?" 

 "Mistress?" Janet was unable to decide what to do! 

 "Decide, Janet. Either I punish you severely, or you punish Camille. It's 
  all part of being a slave. And I'll tell Erica what a disobedient slave you 
  were, especially on your last night with me," cautioned Stephanie. 

 The words choked in Janet's mouth, not the crop again for her! 

 "Decide!" 

 "Mistress, I'll punish Camille," said Janet in a low voice. 

 "Speak louder," Stephanie ordered. 

 "Mistress, I'll punish Camille," Janet repeated. 

 "Good, that wasn't so hard," said Stephanie as she rose from behind her desk. 

 "Mistress?" asked Janet, not sure what was to happen next. 

 "Come now, you have to get dressed. You can't dominate someone dressed in 
  a Maid's uniform with collar and bracelets," said Stephanie. 

 Earlier that day, it had been Camille and Janet that had bathed and prepared 
  Stephanie and Blanca. Now, the role was somewhat reversed as Janet was ushered 
  to a bedroom, and was quickly divested of her shoes, collar and bracelets. Next, 
  the rubber uniform came off, and had to be peeled slowly from Janet's form. 

 Finally came the rubber bra and panties, and Janet had a hard time removing 
  them, as they had stuck to her skin. 

 "I have another set like this," began Stephanie, "That have nubs inside the 
  bra cups and crotch to keep you excited. Perhaps you'll get to wear them on 
  your next visit. I often make Camille wear them, just to keep her excited all 
  day." 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Now take a quick shower, and we'll get ready," ordered Stephanie. 

 Doing as she was told, Janet bathed quickly under a hot shower. She felt like 
  the sweat from the rubber was melting off from her. 

 When she emerged, Stephanie dried her off, and helped with her hair. She selected 
  a leather skirt, bra, thigh high black boots, and long opera gloves, all in 
  black leather for Janet. Putting them on made Janet feel very strange, since 
  she was now wearing the clothing of a Dominant instead of a slave! 

 For herself, Stephanie wore a sleeveless black leather Catsuit. Janet helped 
  Stephanie into it, and zipped it up the back. She wore a pair of five-inch heels 
  to compliment the outfit. 

 "There now," said Stephanie, "Don't we look better than being naked?" 

 "Yes, Mistress," said Janet as she admired herself in the full-length mirror. 

 "Come now," ordered Stephanie. 

 "No blindfold, Mistress?" asked Janet. 

 "Blindfolds are for slaves," answered Stephanie. 

 When they arrived in the Dungeon, Janet was not surprised to see just what 
  Stephanie had ordered. Camille was chained as Janet usually was. She was naked, 
  and wore a collar and bracelets. The bracelets were locked to spreader bars, 
  which spread-eagled Camille into the shape of an X. She was wearing a blindfold 
  and ball gag. 

 Blanca had changed into a latex bodysuit and high heels, which hugged every 
  curve of her figure. She stood silently, waiting next to her handiwork. 

 "Good job, Blanca," complimented Stephanie. 

 "Thank you, Stephanie." 

 Stephanie had instructed Janet to remain silent when they entered the Dungeon. 
  She pointed to Camille, and shook her head up and down, indicating yes. 

 Hesitantly, Janet strode over to Camille. She saw how the Maid was now confined 
  and stretched as she had normally been. Janet saw how her breasts stuck out, 
  and each rib below the skin was visible. How Camille bore the many stripes of 
  her slavery to Stephanie. 

 Stephanie motioned for her to begin. Janet started by gently stroking Camille's 
  breasts, pulling at them and pinching her erect nipples. She then traced the 
  furrow between her breasts directly down to her sex. She toyed with her pubic 
  hair, pulling at the soft strands. This made Camille flinch within her chains. 
  Walking around, she gently felt Camille's back with her fingers, finally ending 
  there by pulling her buttocks apart and seeing her anus. 

 Becoming bolder, she circled around to the front. She then cupped Camille's 
  sex with one hand, and slowly inserted one finger into her furrow. This made 
  Camille stiffen within her chains, and Janet could see the girl tense as her 
  digit invaded her. 

 "Continue," ordered Stephanie. 

 Janet returned to pinching Camille's nipples, seeing how excited and flushed 
  she had become from her earlier examination. Camille, like Janet, had been well 
  trained to respond to her Mistress. 

 Janet then walked to Camille's back and unbuckled her blindfold and ball gag. 
  Camille blinked several times to adjust to the bright lights and saw that it 
  was Janet who had been fondling her! 

 "Mistress?" asked Camille. 

 "I've decided that Janet should use you tonight, Camille." 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Good. Proceed, Janet," ordered Stephanie. 

 Selecting a riding crop with a broad leather tip, she circled Camille. For 
  the first time, it wasn't Janet that was going to receive punishment. This time, 
  she was holding the crop, and she was going to use it. 

 She administered her first stroke with a gentle slap on Camille's outer thigh. 
  It produced a barely audible thwack in the silence. 

 Before Stephanie could order her, Janet slowly and with ever increasing force 
  began to strike at that exposed parts of Camille's nakedness. She struck her 
  breasts and nipples, making Camille flinch within her chains. Then she stuck 
  at Camille's flat belly, leaving a few red marks around her belly button. Then 
  she laid a few between Camille's thighs, slapping the crop from one side to 
  another. 

 Satisfied, and confident that the crop would not explode into flame because 
  a slave was handling it, Janet became more adventurous. She walked around, and 
  proceeded to strike at Camille's behind. She left many red marks on the Maid's 
  behind. 

 Janet loved the feel and the smell of the leather that she was wearing. It 
  interacted with her own sweat, and Janet resolved that she would buy clothing 
  like this to wear at home. She knew that she was excited by what she was doing. 
  Janet knew that she was very wet with excitement. 

 The day before, she had been tied onto the footstool getting cropped with 
  a dildo inside her sex. Now she was the Dominant, and it felt very different! 

 "You may use what instruments you desire," said Stephanie. 

 Janet walked over to an open cabinet. Within, she saw a coiled whip, clamps, 
  a dildo, and many other things. She grabbed a handful of clamps, and went back 
  to attend to Camille. 

 Without saying a word, she placed on clamp on Camille's right nipple. She 
  gradually tightened the device until it stayed of it's own accord. Then she 
  applied another to the left nipple. She then applied two more to Camille's outer 
  lips of her sex. 

 "Mistress, please," plead Camille. 

 "Do you want more?" asked Janet, suddenly. 

 "No, Mistress," replied the chain girl. 

 Janet pulled at the clamps that she had placed on Camille's flesh. Each time 
  she did so, Camille flinched in her chains. She pulled to get away, but the 
  chains were implacable. What could a naked girl do against steel and leather? 

 When she went to remove the coiled whip from the cabinet, Stephanie told her 
  that since she was not trained in it's use, she should remove the clamps first. 
  Doing as she was ordered to, Janet then tested the whip by striking out into 
  empty air. 

 "Ready for the whip?" asked Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," Camille answered. 

 Janet began again by striking slowly and softly. She didn't want to hurt Camille, 
  not really, but she did want to show Stephanie that she was serious about the 
  whip. With each stroke, the whip curled itself around Camille's naked form. 

 Janet saw the marks that she was leaving, and knew just how long before they 
  would heal. Since Camille had been a slave for a long time, they were just one 
  of many that were already there. 

 She struck silently, circling and never striking the same place twice. Her 
  aim was inexperienced, so her strokes often landed where she did not expect 
  them too. Still, Camille's sex and breasts often received a stroke, making her 
  squeal and moan. 

 Janet continued carefully, aware that every move she was making was under 
  the observation of both Stephanie and Blanca. She did not use the full force 
  of her arm with each stroke, since that would wound Camille. Instead, she cracked 
  the whip with just enough force to leave a red mark. 

 After what seemed like an eternity, she inspected her efforts. Tears ran down 
  Camille's cheeks, and her makeup was streaked. Her body was covered in red marks 
  from Janet's whip and crop. 

 Janet then coiled the whip and presented the handle to Camille. 

 "Kiss it," ordered Janet, "or else they'll be a few more." 

 "Yes, Mistress," said Camille as she kissed the whip handle. 

 Janet then inserted her fingers again into Camille's sex, and found that she 
  was even more wet than before. Finally, she pinched Camille's nipples again 
  before she decided that she was finished. 

 "I'm done, slave," Janet said. 

 Janet walked back over to Stephanie and handed her the whip, handle first. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," said Janet. 

 "Very good, Janet. You show promise, no matter what side of the whip you're 
  on," said Stephanie. 

 Janet felt deep inside her that something had changed. Still, that night she 
  spent the evening alone chained in a bedroom. Her hands had been linked to her 
  collar so that she couldn't touch herself. Janet ground her thighs together, 
  wanting release from her frustration. But that had been denied to her by Stephanie. 

 The End of Chapter Four 




Janet in Training
Chapter Five: Return to Erica

 Part One: Friday

The following weekend, Janet had her usual date with Mistress Erica. After 
  her time with Stephanie, she wondered how she would feel about seeing her original 
  Mistress again. There was no doubt that she had an exciting time with Stephanie. 
  What could she say about a three-week period in which she had been treated as 
  a slave girl, then given the opportunity to dominate another slave girl? In 
  all of her time so far, she had never had such an interesting and painful time. 

 She rubbed her new marks for days afterwards, amazed that the angry red welts 
  could fade. She remembered the pain that she had undergone when they were inflicted. 

 Even though Stephanie had made no secret of the fact that she was a harsh 
  Mistress, Janet had enjoyed her stay with her. Stephanie had taken Janet even 
  further into the concept of slavery. Janet had to admit to herself that she 
  found the idea exciting. 

 Janet wondered to herself just what further torments that Stephanie would 
  be inflicting on Camille in the days to come. Stephanie had said that Camille 
  was to be punished for something, and that her discipline was not yet complete. 
  It had been part of Stephanie's design to shame Jessica by having Janet discipline 
  her. 

 She had arrived at the house at the usual time, being driven up by limo. Even 
  before she could ring the bell, the front door opened to admit her. 

 "Janet, how nice to see you again," welcomed Erica. 

 Janet entered the house, and handed her coat to Andrea, who was standing in 
  the foyer. She looked at the Mistress and her Maid, and suddenly realized that 
  nothing had changed between herself and Erica. It was a sharp observation when 
  she thought that even though she had been with another Mistress, it was still 
  Erica that she belonged to. 

 "Mistress, I......." 

 "I know just how you feel, Janet. Come and sit down in the library, I know 
  that you probably have a lot to tell me." 

 The two sat down in the library, with Janet looking for a leather covered 
  footstool. Andrea had wheeled in a tray with tea, and stood waiting. Erica motioned 
  for her to serve, and she poured two cups, one for Erica and then one for Janet. 
  Then she stood again, silent. Janet thought that Andrea would be standing in 
  attendance as she discussed her time with Stephanie. 

 "Andrea, please leave us. You may prepare for the evening, and attend to our 
  guest downstairs," ordered Erica. 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Andrea, who bowed and left. 

 They were alone. Janet had thought carefully all week just what she would 
  say to Erica. Now that they were together again, all that she wanted to say 
  had been quickly forgotten. 

 "Mistress, I.....want to talk to you," began Janet. 

 "Yes, Janet," answered Erica. 

 "Mistress, when I was with Mistress Stephanie, I was unfaithful to you. I 
  said that I loved her and her whip, and I liked the way that she was tormenting 
  me," Janet replied, her words broken by sobs. 

 "Janet, it is not uncommon for a new slave girl to be quickly attached to 
  a new and different kind of Mistress. What you have to realize is that what 
  you love are the chains that you wear. And you will like being punished, no 
  matter how harsh." 

 "Mistress, I was given the opportunity to discipline another slave girl," 
  offered Janet. 

 "Camille?" 

 Janet was not surprised by Erica's answer. Since the two dominants were friends, 
  there were probably no secrets between them. 

 Janet merely nodded her head in assent. 

 "I know about Camille. I have even dominated her myself when Stephanie was 
  out of town. You should feel honored. Few slave girls get the chance so early 
  to punish another slave. Now you know how it feels to dominate another. Since 
  you are still a new slave, I shall have to punish you harshly to beat out any 
  ideas you may have that you are now different or special." 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Janet. 

 "However, I am far more concerned about what Stephanie told me about your 
  little confession. I want to hear everything that you are doing at home. Now!" 

 "Mistress, after becoming your slave girl, I found that just being here on 
  the weekends wasn't enough. I work in New York City, so I began to explore. 
  I found a shop that sold high heels like those you lock upon me, along with 
  collar and bracelets. So I bought them, and wear them naked around the apartment," 
  Janet confessed. 

 "Is there anything else you've bought?" Erica demanded. 

 "No, Mistress," Janet answered. 

 "You did this without my orders. For that, you will be severely punished," 
  admonished Erica. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "And was there anything else you were planning on buying?" 

 "Yes, Mistress. I wanted a dildo harness for myself, and a latex Maid's uniform," 
  Janet admitted. 

 "You haven't earned the privilege of wearing clothes yet. Nor do I want you 
  stimulated except when you are here with me. Do you understand?" 

 Erica's voice had suddenly turned cold and menacing. Janet feared that she 
  had angered her Mistress, and she knew that she was going to pay a terrible 
  price for it! 

 "Yes, Mistress. I will follow all your commands." 

 "Though I suppose some of this is my fault, since I haven't given you a set 
  of instructions to follow at home. I never thought that you would be such a 
  little slut to begin playing at slavery at home," said Erica. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "That will be remedied later. For now, strip!" commanded Erica. 

 Janet had been listening carefully to Erica's lecture, and she was totally 
  unprepared for the command at the very end. Suddenly they were no longer sinner 
  and confidant, but Mistress and Slave. 

 "Strip!" ordered Erica again, displeasure clearly evident in her voice. 

 Janet quickly got to her feet. She knew that this would occur, and she had 
  planned for it carefully. She had worn a blouse, skirt, stockings, and sensible 
  heels. She unbuttoned her skirt, folding it carefully on the chair. Next came 
  her blouse. She removed her shoes, and the garter belt and stockings came next. 
  Finally, she removed her bra and panties, and stood silent and naked in front 
  of her Mistress. 

 Erica rose slowly, and paced around Janet. She noted that Stephanie had indeed 
  placed new and deeper marks on her slave's body. Placing a finger on one, she 
  traced one mark how it followed Janet's curves. 

 The only reaction that Janet gave to her inspection was to stand stiffly. 
  Even though her marks were still fresh, she did not flinch when Erica felt them. 

 Erica did not have to be told what her friend had used on Janet. She knew 
  that Stephanie had obeyed her instructions, and only the whip and crop had been 
  used. 

 "Did you go on the rack?" asked Erica. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "And how was your time on the rack, dear?" 

 "I found the rack to be very unpleasant, Mistress," answered Janet. 

 "Good. Then perhaps at a future time, I will hand you back to Stephanie so 
  that you may experience the rack again. Would you like that?" asked Erica. 

 "I'm sure that Stephanie would enjoy having me again, Mistress." 

 Erica looked her slave over. Just a few weeks ago, Janet had been new and 
  unmarked. Now she had already felt what a different Mistress was like. 

 "Janet, on the table over there is a wooden box. I want you to go over there 
  and open, and remove the contents and place them on the table." 

 Janet did as she was ordered. In the box she found her collar, bracelets, 
  and a ball gag. They were the familiar instruments of her bondage to Erica. 

 "I want to collar and bracelet yourself," ordered Erica. 

 Erica had her measured weeks ago, before she had been lent to Stephanie. Janet 
  picked up the collar, and closed it around her neck. It locked with a satisfying 
  click. Janet then closed one bracelet first around one wrist, then another. 
  Next, her ankles were adorned also. 

 "There's a pair of shoes under the desk. You know what to do." 

 Janet next locked the shoes on her feet, closing the little padlocks herself 
  with a satisfying click. She stood silent, awaiting further instruction. 

 "Now gag yourself, and then I'll lock your wrists," instructed Erica. 

 Janet picked up the ball gag, and slowly opened her mouth. She had some trouble 
  forcing it in, finally adopting a seesaw motion before she got in it properly. 
  Drawing the strap through the roller buckle, she was able to close the two pieces 
  of leather together. She was now gagged, and by her own hand! 

 Erica produced a single link from the desk, and a leash. Janet stood stiffly 
  as her hands were again locked behind her back. For the week, Janet had been 
  free. She had wondered if she would walk back into slavery. However when she 
  had returned to Erica's house she realized just how strongly that she was attached 
  to her Mistress. The sight of the instruments of her captivity had made her 
  heart beat faster, exciting her as she not been since leaving Mistress Stephanie. 

 "Well, Janet. I see that you have made your decision. I'm sure that you will 
  enjoy your stay here this weekend, no matter how much your flesh may protest." 

 Janet remained silent, her power of speech forbidden by the gag. She had succeeded 
  in forcing the ball in far deeper than she had thought, and now it had silenced 
  any replies that she could make. In addition, the strap hurt her cheeks and 
  mouth. 

 She could do nothing except stand there and await the next move of her Mistress. 
  Janet did not have to wait long for Erica to lock her hands behind her back, 
  and attach the leash to her collar. 

 "I'm sure that I can give you what you need, Janet. So come along," ordered 
  Erica. 

 Erica led her slave through the house, to a hallway. Once there, Erica removed 
  a device from her pocket, and pressed a single button. At once a secret door 
  opened, revealing an elevator. Leading her captive inside, Janet could only 
  marvel at the construction involved. 

 "Excited, Janet? Asked Erica. 

 Janet already felt her heart beating faster, and knew that her nipples must 
  be stiff and erect. As for her sex! 

 Erica was pleased that Janet had returned to her. While she knew that Janet 
  had been attracted to Stephanie, she felt that Janet was not really ready for 
  her. Janet still had a lot of training in front of her before she could become 
  a really good slave girl. 

 Erica led her into one of the Dungeons, which Janet noted was unoccupied. 
  There was no sign of either Andrea, or the "guest" that Erica had mentioned. 
  There was no doubt in Janet's mind that the unfortunate girl was probably in 
  some sort of uncomfortable position right now. 

 Her collar chain was then attached to a ringbolt set in the wall. Janet tested 
  the link that held her wrists together, and found it unyielding. 

 "I have to go and change. But I want you to know I do love you, and will be 
  using you shortly. But before I go, I just want to leave you with a reminder 
  of things to come." 

 With that thinly veiled threat, Erica began to fondle Janet's nipples. Being 
  with Erica again already excited Janet. But now that she was naked and chained 
  again, it didn't take much to excite her again. Erica then produced two clamps 
  from her pockets, of the type that Stephanie had introduced her to. In quick 
  succession both of her erect nipples received the clamp. Janet indicated her 
  distress by shifting her position and moaning from within her gag. 

 "Now don't try and knock them off, Janet. I can guarantee that even worse 
  punishment will be waiting for you. How would you like those clamps on your 
  pussy lips instead?" 

 As she watched her Mistress leave, Janet knew that Erica had not just made 
  an idle threat. Janet knew that Erica would not hesitate when it came to punishing 
  her. 

 There was little that she could do. She examined the Dungeon for any change 
  since she had last been here, but she could not find any. It was the same things 
  that she had seen before! 

 Interrupting her reverie was Erica, who now strode confidently into the Dungeon. 
  She was wearing a black latex bodysuit, pantyhose, and a pair of high heels 
  that showed off her long magnificent legs. It all looked like it had been painted 
  on her. 

 "Now then, said Erica, "I think that I'm dressed for the occasion, and so 
  are you. I think that we can begin now." 

 Erica unbuckled Janet's gag. Janet would much rather have preferred to have 
  the awful nipple clamps removed first, but she knew that there would be a price 
  to pay. 

 "Thank you for removing my gag, Mistress," said Janet, panting. 

 "You're welcome, my dear. Did you miss my whip all that much?" 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Are you ready to feel it again?" 

 "Yes, Mistress. Please punish me harshly." 

 Erica removed a riding crop from the wall. The crop was long and thin, and 
  from experience Janet knew that it would be very painful on her exposed flesh. 

 Erica toyed with the crop, until Janet saw her swing the crop, landing a blow 
  on her leg. At once, a sharp pain shot through her leg. The stroke had been 
  a mild one, and it had not really marked her. Janet knew that it was a foretaste 
  of things to come. 

 "Janet, the position you're in is so difficult. I think that a change is in 
  order, don't you?" inquired Erica. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Unlocking her collar chain, Janet was pulled over to a single chain that was 
  hanging from the ceiling. Her two wrists were unlocked from behind her back, 
  then locked in front to the chain. Erica then went to a switch on the wall, 
  and Janet felt her wrists rising as the chain rose. Janet soon found that her 
  feet were just barely scraping the floor. 

 "Isn't that much better than before? Now I can whip that lovely back and behind 
  of yours," said Erica. 

 Erica then removed a leather whip from the wall, which was long, black, and 
  sinuous. Janet knew that the whip would hurt her deeply, yet she didn't mind. 
  She had come here to be disciplined by her Mistress. Now that she had gotten 
  her wish, she knew there was no turning back! 

 "I think that you could use a few strokes with this. I just know that this 
  will soften you up for the evening." 

 With that last statement, Erica began to whip Janet. The whip would strike 
  the bound girl, and wind its way around her naked body. Mistress Erica would 
  determine just where the tip would land on Janet's exposed figure. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," cried Janet. 

 "Really, and I haven't even started yet. I can just imagine how you'll feel 
  after when I get finished!" 

 Erica had not removed her nipple clamps, and she began to tug at them. Each 
  time she did, Janet flinched. 

 "Mistress, please! Not my nipples! They hurt, please take the clamps off?" 

 "Are you telling me what to do?" demanded Erica. 

 "No, Mistress," Janet answered contritely. 

 Just to be cruel, Erica first removed both clamps from Janet's nipples. The 
  clamps had made them red and sore. Erica sucked at them, continuing to pinch 
  them and keep them erect. 

 "Just to teach you a lesson, Janet." 

 Erica then replaced them when Janet's attention was elsewhere. When she felt 
  the bite of the first one, she kicked in reflex. For the first time since she 
  had been a slave girl, her shod foot hit something. Her foot had glanced off 
  Erica's leg! Acting as if nothing had happened, Erica proceeded to place the 
  other clamp on Janet's other nipple as if nothing had happened. 

 "There will be a severe punishment for that, Janet," said Erica sternly. 

 "Mistress, please! I'm sorry. I really am, I'll do just anything to make up 
  for that. Please, please, I'm so sorry!" 

 Holding Janet's breast in her right hand, she began to pull on it and the 
  nipple clamp again. Janet did not protest or complain, as she realized that 
  she was in enough trouble already. She wished that Erica had locked her ankles 
  to a spreader bar attached to the floor, as this would have prevented her from 
  striking Erica. 

 Erica bent down, and produced a key to the padlocks that imprisoned Janet's 
  feet. She unlocked the small padlocks, and removed Janet's shoes. Each foot 
  made an audible pop when it was removed from it's leather covering. Erica's 
  hand explored Janet's feet, spreading apart her toes and feeling the bones and 
  muscles. Janet wondered what the purpose of the examination was. 

 "Since it was your foot that struck me, I think that is what deserves to be 
  punished. Before I move on to punish the other parts, of course." 

 Erica began to toy with Janet's feet. Her strong hands pulled at her toes, 
  separating them. Janet felt that the attention given them was an omen indicating 
  that something truly bad was coming. 

 "You know, Janet. Hanging around like that really isn't the best way to punish 
  feet. I have something much better in mind." 

 Janet was glad when she was let down, but her concern for her flesh grew when 
  she saw what was awaiting her. Janet was released from the ceiling chain, only 
  to be led over to a bench where a set of stocks awaited. Her ankles were soon 
  imprisoned between bars of think polished wood, and Janet's wrists were locked 
  behind her back. Aware that the stocks had made her feet very easy to punish, 
  she knew that the moment of truth would soon arrive. 

 Erica took several seconds to select the instrument of Janet's torment. Much 
  to Janet's relief, it was a riding crop with a broad piece of leather at it's 
  tip. Janet knew that the larger piece of leather would serve to blunt the impact 
  of the crop. She had feared that Erica would select a long thin crop that would 
  slice apart the tender and unpunished soles of her feet. 

 Erica offered the handle to Janet, who kissed the leather-covered handle. 
  Her bright red lipstick left the imprint of her lips upon the crop. Erica noticed 
  this and smiled. 

 "Do you love me or my crop?" asked Erica. 

 "Both, Mistress," replied Janet. 

 "I think that you should count the strokes, don't you?" questioned Erica. 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Janet. 

 When the blow was delivered, Janet had been fearful that it would be a flesh-shattering 
  stroke. Instead, it was a mild slap, with the force evenly distributed by the 
  broad piece of leather. 

 "One." 

 "Two." 

 "Three." 

 Janet remained in her wooden prison as her Mistress gently slapped the soles 
  of Janet's feet with the riding crop. She squirmed and tried to twist her feet 
  away from the crop, but she was held fast by the stocks. No wonder that they 
  had been used from antiquity to the present day. It was a fearful engine of 
  restraint for a naked slave girl! 

 "Ten," cried Janet. 

 "That's all," said Erica. 

 Erica again offered the crop's handle to Janet, who repeated her earlier act 
  of passion for the crop. With her hands bound behind her back, and her legs 
  restrained in the stocks, she had to bend forward to kiss the crop. 

 Erica again played with her feet again, and Janet was relieved to find that 
  there was no lasting pain from her discipline. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," said Janet. 

 "I'll have Andrea come along and release you soon. I want you to get some 
  penance in the stocks first before you're released. I have a much better one 
  where you rest upright on your knees while your wrists, head, and ankles are 
  all enclosed in wood. Do you want to try that one?" asked Erica. 

 "Not just yet, Mistress." 

 "Soon, though," said Erica as she left the Dungeon. 

 Janet was left alone in the Dungeon. She had seen stocks in television and 
  movies, and the only place she had ever seen one in real life had been in a 
  museum in New England. She had never imagined that they were still used for 
  anything, except maybe movies. Janet sat on the hard wood, since the bench wasn't 
  padded, and tried to relieve the pressure on her behind. She felt like the skin 
  on her bottom was glued to the wood. 

 Any girl restrained like this for a long time would be quite willing to do 
  anything to get out of the stocks, thought Janet. She hoped that Andrea would 
  be along soon to release her. 

 There wasn't anything for her to do but wait patiently for the arrival of 
  the Maid. Doing penance in the stocks was certainly the correct term for she 
  was held almost motionless by the wooden embrace. 

 Unable to count the passage of time, she sat for what seemed like an eternity 
  before she saw Andrea appear before her. 

 "Hello there," greeted Andrea. 

 "You'll forgive me if I don't stand up or shake hands," said Janet, "But I'm 
  a little restrained right now." 

 "How very droll," said Andrea. 

 "Thank you." 

 "I'm sure that Mistress Erica would be amused by your comments, but I'm not. 
  Besides, I'm to take you to see someone." 

 "Who?" asked Janet. 

 "That would take the mystery out of life. C'mon now, out of the stocks!" 

 Janet was glad when Andrea opened the lock and pulled the wooden bar upwards. 
  She swung her legs away from their wooden prison, and onto the Dungeon floor. 

 "Don't stand just yet," cautioned Andrea. 

 Testing her bare feet, Janet was relieved to discover that there wasn't even 
  any pain left from Erica's mild discipline. 

 "Mistress Erica cares for her slaves," said Janet. 

 "Yes," replied Andrea. 

 "May I stand?" asked Janet. 

 "Carefully," cautioned Andrea. 

 Gingerly Janet applied pressure to her feet, and put her weight upon them. 
  She gradually stood up, and with Andrea at her side, began to walk small steps. 

 "I'm fine," said Janet. 

 "Just don't go running any marathons," replied Andrea. 

 "I wasn't planning to. Not from the Dungeon, anyway," answered Janet. 

 "Enough small talk," said Andrea, "time to go visit the mystery guest." 

 With her hands already locked behind her back, Andrea attached the leash again 
  to her collar. Janet stood silently as she was again forced to open her mouth 
  for the ball gag, and a blindfold soon followed. 

 Janet was glad that she was allowed to remain barefoot, and was not forced 
  again to wear her high heels. She felt a gentle pull on her leash, and Janet 
  followed carefully behind. She measured each step as if she was still wearing 
  her high heels. 

 Andrea did not force her to walk faster than Janet wanted to, since Andrea 
  had also experienced the same punishment. 

 Following the gentle pull on her chain, Janet walked behind Andrea. She had 
  no idea where they were going, but Janet was wondering just who Erica had been 
  talking about. 

 When they entered the other Dungeon, Janet was stripped of her blindfold and 
  ball gag. She saw that she was again in the presence of her Mistress. 

 "Hello, Janet. Feel better?" asked Erica. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Andrea, please leave us," ordered Erica. 

 "Yes, Mistress," said Andrea as she departed. 

 Janet saw that they were not alone, as there was a naked girl hanging from 
  a ceiling chain with them. Her arms and legs were kept apart by spreader bars, 
  and her feet were locked into high heels. Janet did not know her identity, as 
  the girl's head was encased in a red leather helmet that was laced up in the 
  back. 

 Janet was sure that she was a natural blonde by seeing her pussy hair. 

 "Do you know who she is?" asked Erica. 

 "No, Mistress," replied Janet. 

 "Look her over, I'm sure that you'll find a way to identify her," instructed 
  Erica as she unlocked Janet's wrists. 

 Doing as she was told, Janet walked over to the bound girl. She had already 
  been whipped tonight, and her skin bore many whip marks. Janet heard nothing 
  from the girl, and knew that she was gagged. 

 It was then that she noticed something shiny hanging from one of the girl's 
  pussy lips. Bending down, Janet discovered a small token that was suspended 
  from a small chain that was embedded in on of the outer lips. 

 Taking the token in her hands, Janet saw on one side the engraving of a coiled 
  whip and two crossed riding crops. On the other were the words, "Tiffany, property 
  of Erica." 

 Janet gasped. It was Tiffany, her best friend in chains that Erica had been 
  "entertaining." From the many whip marks, Janet knew that she had been intensely 
  punished this evening. Janet also knew that she was very jealous of her friend, 
  because Tiffany had the token and she did not. 

 "You may take her helmet and gag off, Janet. I wanted to see Tiffany, since 
  she has been so submissive since she returned with that medallion. Would you 
  like one also, Janet?" 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Janet. 

 Circling Tiffany, Janet found that laces at the back secured the helmet. Tiffany's 
  blonde hair fell down her back, which had not escaped the marks of the whip. 
  Janet loosened the laces, and she pulled the helmet off of Tiffany's head. Next 
  she undid the ball gag, and held both in her hands. She then walked in front 
  of Tiffany, who was still blinking in the sudden light. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," declared Tiffany when she saw Erica standing in front 
  of her. 

 When she saw Janet, her eyes widened, but she did not otherwise acknowledge 
  the presence of her friend. 

 "Just thought that you might like some company, Tiffany. Janet is here tonight, 
  and I know that you two are really very friendly towards each other. So friendly 
  that I have a really smashing idea for just the two of you. Janet, I want you 
  to release her. You two are really going to have some fun together." 

 Erica handed her a key that unlocked Tiffany from the bars that held her arms 
  and legs. Tiffany stood shakily on her high heels, naked in the presence of 
  Erica and Janet. 

 "Now then," began Erica, "What I propose is this. In my hand, I have a deck 
  of cards. You will each draw one card, and the winner that has high card will 
  get to dominate the loser for the evening." 

 "But, Mistress, what if I don't want to dominate Tiffany?" asked Janet. 

 "What a question to ask. Why I thought that you liked to dominate another 
  slave girl?" 

 "That was different, she was........." 

 "A stranger? Someone that you barely knew? Surely by now you have learned 
  that the girl beneath the whip doesn't have a say in who dominates her. Either 
  Tiffany will dominate Janet, or vice versa. Else you can both be sure that you 
  will both be punished in a manner that both of you will never forget." 

 Janet could see that her protest had no effect on Erica. She realized that 
  nothing that she would say would make any difference. 

 "Each of you, take a card!" ordered Erica. 

 The two naked girls did as they were told. Each walked over to Erica, and 
  removed a card from the deck that was opened before them. There was total silence 
  in the Dungeon, and the only sounds that could be heard was the hushed breathing 
  of the three occupants of the well light chamber. 

 "Turn them over," Erica ordered. 

 When Janet turned hers over, she saw a ten. However, she saw that Tiffany 
  had drawn an ace, which she was now displaying to Erica. 

 "Well now. I see that we have a winner. Looks like this is your lucky night, 
  Tiffany. Not only are you wearing my medallion, but you also get to chastise 
  Janet also." 

 "Thank you, Mistress." 

 "Tiffany, you have the use of Janet for tonight." 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Tiffany. 

 Janet stood in the dungeon speechless. Surely Tiffany would not agree to punish 
  her? They had expressed both friendship and love towards one another. Now she 
  was to be punished by her friend? 

 Tiffany wasted no time in securing Janet's wrists behind her back. Erica had 
  left the link on Janet's cuff, which made it easy to render Janet helpless. 
  She then found a leather strap, which she secured above Janet's elbows, pulling 
  them together. This had the effect of pushing Janet's breasts outward, leaving 
  the exposed to whatever cruelties might await them. 

 Janet stood in silence as Tiffany confined her arms. She was more surprised 
  when Erica, who then motioned for Janet to open her mouth, handed Tiffany a 
  ball gag. 

 "Open wide," ordered Tiffany. 

 Janet realized that she had to put up some resistance to Tiffany. Else Erica 
  would say that it was too easy and use it as an excuse to discipline both girls 
  again. So she stood there with her mouth closed, shaking her head from side 
  to side in defiance of Tiffany's attempt to gag her. 

 Tiffany then surprised her by pinching Janet's right nipple, first gently, 
  then progressively harder. It was a foregone conclusion what when Janet finally 
  cried out, Tiffany forced the rubber ball into her mouth. The buckle was firmly 
  secured at the back of her neck. 

 "Now hold still," commanded Tiffany. 

 "Mmmmph," cried Janet. 

 Janet's eyes opened in fright as she watched Tiffany open the helmet and began 
  to place it over Janet's head. Janet tried to run, but had only been pulled 
  back into place by Tiffany. Now she waited as the red leather was pulled and 
  laced over her head. There were small breathing holes by her nose, and her hearing 
  and vision were cut off. She next felt herself pulled along by Tiffany, until 
  she felt herself her collar chain being attached to a chain. Finding herself 
  released from Tiffany's grip, she took a step and bumped into the wall. 

 Through the helmet she could hear steps and the click of heels, but no conversation. 
  She knew that there were others in the room with her, but gave no sign about 
  what would happen to her next. 

 Finally, she felt herself released from the wall, and she was pulled along. 
  In a short time, her ankles were locked apart to a bar. Then them felt a woman's 
  hand cup and massage her open sex, making her moan behind her gag. Then her 
  wrists and elbows were freed for a short time, only to be pulled forward and 
  then suspended over her head and locked to a chain. Then she felt the chain 
  tighten, and she was lifted off the floor. 

 Janet knew that she was about to be punished, and she shuddered when she felt 
  Tiffany run the strands of a coiled whip over her breasts, which were still 
  tender from the clamps that had been used before. Next, she felt her sex fondled 
  and roughly used. 

 Then the whip struck, making Janet flinch in her chains. Janet bit down hard 
  on the rubber ball, glad that she could not see the face of her tormentor. The 
  whip struck again and again, wrapping it's coils around Janet's naked figure. 

 For whatever reason, after only ten strokes, the helmet was suddenly removed. 
  Blinking in the light, Janet did not know what to expect. When her vision cleared, 
  she saw that Tiffany stood in front of her, still holding the whip. Seated nearby 
  in a large white wicker chair was Erica. Janet knew that her punishment had 
  not ended but merely begun. 

 Tiffany was no longer naked, but instead was wearing a vinyl outfit bodysuit 
  like Erica's, and thigh high matching boots. A belt around her waist accentuated 
  her figure. In her right hand was the whip, which Janet knew was intended for 
  her. 

 "Well, Janet. You once took a punishment that was intended for me. I guess 
  that you really must love the whip, no matter who is yielding it," said Tiffany. 

 All that Janet could do was to rattle her chains in response. Tiffany took 
  no notice of Janet, and proceeded to strike her with the whip. Each time the 
  whip curled itself around Janet's exposed female shape, it seemed to strike 
  some vital area. All that Janet could do was to turn slightly as she bore the 
  whip again and again. 

 Finally, the gag was removed after what seemed like a lifetime of the whip. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," cried Janet. 

 For her statement, Janet received another stroke from Tiffany. 

 "Fool," said Tiffany, "Don't thank me so fast for your discipline. The night 
  is still young, and we have a lot of ground to cover." 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Tell me, which do you desire more, the whip or the crop, Janet?" 

 "I prefer the whip, Mistress," answered Janet. 

 "Good. Then you shall have the crop instead. What did Mistress Erica use on 
  you earlier?" 

 "The crop, Mistress." 

 "Good," said Tiffany as she exchanged one device for another. 

 Tiffany began to deliver a series of strokes that barely marked, but increased 
  slowly in severity. Janet moaned each time that she was struck, but more out 
  of fear than for actual pain. 

 Tiffany then reached out and inserted her finger into Janet's sex. Janet moaned 
  as the finger probed deep into her wet slit. 

 "Little bondage slut, aren't you," said Tiffany. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Tiffany then proceeded to poke the tip of the rigid crop against Janet's flesh, 
  making it bend. Janet flinched whenever it put pressure on her punished form. 

 "Why Janet, you really have collected a nice series of marks tonight." 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "I believe that I can add a few more." 

 Before Janet could respond, she found herself being cropped again. No amount 
  of preparation or bravery could prepare her for the pain and anguish that the 
  crop produced on her naked body. 

 "Mistress, please," plead Janet tearfully, "Please stop cropping me?" 

 Her pleas and cries produced no effect on Tiffany, who continued her determined 
  chastisement of her captive. The crop continued to fall on Janet's skin, making 
  her fight her chains but to no effect. It all seemed like some horrible dream 
  that she could not escape from. 

 "Mercy, Mistress," cried Janet. 

 "Mercy," repeated Janet. 

 Her plea for mercy had resulted in a temporary cessation of her cropping. 
  Tiffany continued holding the crop in her hand. Tiffany looked over at Erica, 
  who signaled something that Janet couldn't see in her haze of tears. 

 "That's enough for now," said Tiffany. 

 Afterwards she had been cleaned up and locked in a bedroom by her collar chain. 
  Tiffany then visited and used her cruelly during the night. When she awakened 
  the next morning, she found that she was alone. 

 Part Two: A Strange Warning 

 "Wake up," said Andrea. 

 Janet stirred uneasily in her bed on Saturday morning. The sun's rays had 
  not yet reached her bed, and she preferred to stay in bed, dreaming. Andrea's 
  soft voice brought her back to consciousness. 

 "Where am I?" groggily asked Janet. 

 "Chained in Mistress Erica's house, that's where. Now get up, I have to get 
  you dressed." 

 Janet sat up, and suddenly remembered the events of the previous night. She 
  rubbed the new welts on her body and pulled at the chain that locked her to 
  the wall. 

 "That's better," said Andrea. 

 Andrea had brought up a tray, on which was a cup of juice and coffee. Janet 
  downed them eagerly, and her stomach growled for something else. 

 "I'm hungry," said Janet. 

 "You'll have to wait. What a mess!" 

 Janet got up from the bed, and realized what a mess she had been sleeping 
  in. The sweaty sheets were a disheveled jumble, and stained with her juices 
  and Tiffany's. Her own body felt like it had been ripped apart, and she looked 
  at herself in the bedroom mirror. At least she had not been confined in a cell 
  all night, but had instead enjoyed sleeping in a bed. 

 "C'mon now. I've already drawn a bath," said Andrea. 

 Janet was unlocked, and led to the steamy bathroom. Her collar and bracelets 
  were removed, giving her a brief feeling that she was somehow no longer the 
  property of Mistress Erica. 

 Until the steamy hot water of the tub hit her fresh welts, making her squeal 
  in pain. She remembered how both Erica and Tiffany had imposed their will on 
  her. 

 "Ouch!" said Janet. 

 "You'll feel a lot better after a soak," said Andrea, "But we can't take too 
  much time." 

 "Thanks." 

 "Don't mention it. Someday, you may be returning the favor," Andrea answered. 

 Janet luxuriated in the tub, letting the hot water unknot her muscles and 
  dissolve the dried sweat and secretions away. She further enjoyed it when Andrea 
  washed her hair, and helped dry her off. 

 After what seemed like a forbidden period of pampering, she was finally clean 
  and dry. Her hair had been dried, combed, and set. Looking at herself in the 
  mirror, Janet realized that she usually paid someone to make her hair look this 
  good. Except that she had paid dearly for this, with the stripes on her body. 

 Then she locked the familiar heels on her feet, with Andrea looking on. Next 
  came her bracelets, and finally the collar. She was Erica's slave again! 

 "Not ready just yet," said Andrea, "Erica has said that a little more preparation 
  is in order." 

 Janet stood still as rouge was applied to her breasts, making them look darker 
  than before. Then she had to open her thighs slightly as Andrea took an atomizer 
  and sprayed a scent that stung as it dried on her skin. 

 "Ouch!" cried Janet. 

 "You would feel that a lot more if your pussy was shaved," said Andrea. Janet 
  stood impassively as her wrists were locked behind her once again, and a leash 
  was attached to her collar. 

 "Where's Tiffany?" asked Janet. 

 "I'll tell Mistress Erica that you asked about her. That's none of your concern 
  right now. Let's just saw that she's rather occupied right now," said Andrea. 

 "With Mistress Erica?" Janet asked. 

 "No, and I shouldn't be telling you this, but Erica had her taken to Stephanie's 
  this morning. Seems she needs a little extra discipline, and Erica would much 
  rather play with you," said Andrea, "And if you breath a word I told you, I'll 
  tan your hide at the first chance. After mine gets whipped by Erica, that is." 

 Janet was disappointed to hear that she would be alone. Ever since she had 
  belonged to Erica, Tiffany had always been there to share her pain. Even had 
  been her bed partner. But now her companion in chains had been shipped off to 
  Mistress Stephanie, and she would be alone with Mistress Stephanie and Andrea. 

 "Time to go," said Andrea. 

 Janet had been left downstairs chained in the kitchen while Andrea had bathed 
  and dressed Erica. When she returned, she noticed that Andrea was wearing a 
  new Maid's uniform. 

 Then the two of them served Erica breakfast, with Andrea in her latex uniform 
  and Janet naked. During the meal, Erica would sometimes reach out and fondle 
  Janet's sex, making her shiver with excitement. 

 Janet was not distracted by this, and managed to maintain her composure. She 
  did not drop or spill anything, and Erica soon took a cup of black coffee to 
  the library. 

 The two girls quickly cleared the day room, and once inside the kitchen they 
  had a quick meal themselves. Janet looked enviously at Andrea's latex outfit. 

 "What are you looking at?" asked Andrea. 

 "When I was at Stephanie's, I was allowed to do the housework in your uniform," 
  Janet answered. 

 "Until Erica say's you're allowed to, you'll do the housework naked," said 
  Andrea. 

 Once the kitchen was cleaned, both reported to Erica. The Mistress had prepared 
  a list of chores to do, that both attended to quickly. 

 Janet did not want to risk a punishment by slacking off on the housecleaning. 
  That would be one way that she showed her devotion to her Mistress and owner. 

 At one point, she was on her knees, bent over while trying to clean something 
  that was difficult to reach. She was totally immersed in what she was doing, 
  and didn't realize that Erica had joined her until she felt her sex fondled. 

 Without stopping, and taking no notice of Erica, she continued to do her work. 
  Erica's fingers were probing and massaging her sex, bringing her almost to orgasm. 
  It took all of her discipline not to finally reach down herself and bring herself 
  to climax. Had she relieved herself that way, she was sure that she would have 
  been in trouble. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," said Janet. 

 "Continue your work," ordered Erica as she left Janet alone. 

 Janet did the laundry with Andrea, and thought just how strange it was to 
  be washing clothes while she was naked. She looked around the laundry room, 
  and saw that Andrea was drying several items of latex clothing there. Having 
  worn rubber before, she guessed that it was a constant battle to keep it clean! 

 Both girls served Erica lunch and dinner, with Andrea garbed in rubber and 
  Janet naked. With the sun streaming through the dining room windows, it seemed 
  quite a surrealistic sight with only Erica wearing normal clothes. 

 The two finished their respective chores, and Janet was glad that Erica did 
  not choose to have her wear a dildo harness while she worked. It was erotic 
  enough for her to work naked and in the high heels, without being sexually stimulated 
  with every movement of a phallus inside her. 

 Finally, dinner was completed and the dishes washed and stored away. Janet 
  knew that her time was coming again in the Dungeon, and she looked forward with 
  both anticipation and fear for what was coming next. 

 After a bath and massage by Andrea, her wrists were locked behind her back 
  once more. Instead of being led to the Dungeon, instead she was led to the library! 

 Erica sat behind her desk, dressed in some form of latex outfit. The tight 
  black latex clung to her breasts, and she wore gloves that reached to her shoulders. 

 "Thank you, Andrea. That will be all," said Erica. 

 "Yes, Mistress," said Andrea as she left the library. 

 In front of one of the chairs was a large paper wrapped object. Janet didn't 
  know what was inside, but she guessed that whatever it was, it had some meaning 
  for her. 

 "You've become quite a slave, Janet," observed Erica. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," said Janet. 

 "It isn't often that I take on a new girl, especially one that has had no 
  experience before. But Sally and I have known one another for quite some time, 
  and I decided to accept her judgement. You have turned out rather nicely." 

 "Thank you, Mistress." 

 "Your capacity to accept some rather harsh discipline is extraordinary. While 
  I'm really not sure why you're such a good slave, I'm glad to see that you accepted 
  Stephanie's discipline as well. Why are you such a good girl, Janet?" questioned 
  Erica. 

 "I love you, Mistress," Janet answered. 

 "Really. Is it me you love, or just my whip?" demanded Erica. 

 "Both, Mistress." 

 "Good. Then perhaps you shall have both tonight. Of course that depends on 
  how you prove yourself to me. Now then, shall we begin?" 

 Erica pushed her chair back from the desk where she had been working on some 
  papers. Upon rising, Janet discovered that she had been wearing a black latex 
  sleeveless Catsuit. The latex clung to her every curve, and shined in the bright 
  lights of the library. She was wearing a pair of high heels similar to the ones 
  that Janet had on, except that hers were held on with straps. Not the heavy 
  straps and padlocks that Janet wore constantly. 

 Erica picked up some kind of large leather object that had been draped over 
  a chair. She approached Janet, who stood perched on her high heels. 

 "Ever see one of these?" asked Erica, "It's called an armbinder." 

 "No, Mistress." 

 "Then you should have done more looking around when you bought your home bondage 
  things. They're in all the shops. Have you rented any tapes?" 

 "No, Mistress," Janet answered. 

 "Too bad. I'd have thought that you would have been jerking off to at least 
  one tape by now. Still, I'll send you some. Just to keep you busy when you're 
  not here." 

 "Thank you, Mistress." 

 Erica unlocked the straps and opened a zipper. The thing opened along its 
  entire length, and Janet gasped when she figured out just how the armbinder 
  was supposed to be used! 

 "Just stand still," directed Erica. 

 Janet stood impassively as Erica made certain that her arms were palm to palm. 
  She slipped the armbinder on, and after making sure that the thing was straight, 
  slowly began to zip it up. Janet felt her arms being drawn together as the leather 
  closed. When the zipper had gone all the way up, Erica then closed a strap with 
  a roller buckle above her elbows. Janet knew that there was no way that a girl 
  could ever escape the grip of the armbinder! 

 Next, straps that had been unused were drawn on both sides of her neck over 
  her shoulders. Roller buckles on the binder secured them also. The total effect 
  was to pull her arms together, pitch Janet slightly forward, and make her chest 
  stick out shamefully. 

 "Would you like to see yourself in the mirror?" asked Erica. 

 "Yes, Mistress," choked Janet. 

 Erica led her charge over to a full-length mirror. Janet looked at herself, 
  and saw how the armbinder was constructed. The thing covered her from elbows 
  to hands, and the straps crisscrossed over her shoulders. It was quite attractive, 
  even sexy. But any girl confined in such a thing was totally helpless and vulnerable! 

 Erica then began to pinch and play with Janet's erect nipples. Janet loved 
  the feel of latex as Erica first pinched, and then pulled at her nipples. Her 
  breath grew short and she knew that she was being quickly aroused and excited! 

 "Don't you dare cum before I say so," said Erica. 

 "Yes, Mistress," Janet answered. 

 Even though she agreed to Erica's demand, Janet knew that she was already 
  wet with excitement. She loved the touch of Erica, even though the leather prison 
  pained her arms! 

 When Erica had satisfied herself that Janet was ready, she pulled her slave 
  girl over to the desk. There she produced a box, from which she removed two 
  metal clips. These were soon fastened on Janet's nipples! 

 But Erica didn't stop there! She roughly fondled Janet's sex, and found that 
  she was indeed wet. She then produced two more clips that were attached to Janet's 
  outer lips. 

 Janet moaned as she felt the clips applied, and knew that Stephanie must have 
  told Erica just how she had reacted when they had been used on her before! 

 "Enjoying yourself, Janet?" asked Erica. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Good. I thought that I should use the library instead of the Dungeon tonight. 
  I think that a little change of scene is called for," said Erica. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Erica then inserted a rubber-covered finger into Janet's ripe sex. Janet immediately 
  moaned with pleasure, then nearly lost her balance as Erica proceeded to thrust 
  her finger in and out of her sex. 

 "My, we are horny tonight," said Erica, "I guess that Sally unleashed a real 
  minx when she suggested that you try a Mistress." 

 Janet opened her legs wider to accommodate Erica's probing fingers. Standing 
  helpless with her arms imprisoned by leather and having her Mistress stimulate 
  her was incredible! 

 Just when it seemed that her breaths were short and she was on the verge of 
  an incredible climax, Erica suddenly withdrew and left Janet panting with frustration 
  and desire. 

 "Mistress?" cried Janet. 

 "I told you that you weren't allowed to cum yet," said Erica, "First I have 
  to redden your behind first." 

 Erica then produced a leather paddle that looked dark and menacing. The thick 
  leather was black, and shined in the light. Erica offered the handle to Janet, 
  who kissed it as she had the riding crop last night. 

 With one hand, Erica steadied Janet by holding onto the armbinder. Janet did 
  not need any encouragement to lean forward and pitch her behind up into the 
  air as far as she was able. She knew that her posture was just perfect for the 
  paddle's use on her behind! 

 Thwack! The hard paddle impacted on Janet's behind, and for a moment Janet 
  had to struggle to keep her balance. With Erica's iron grip on her armbinder, 
  Janet remained steady. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," said Janet. 

 The paddle struck again and again, each time impacting upon a different part 
  of her behind. After a few strokes, Janet began to feel the cheeks of her ass 
  begin to heat up. Once Erica knew that the paddle was having the desired effect, 
  she stopped to massage to hurt areas of Janet's behind. 

 Having the cool rubber clad fingers of the Mistress only made Janet that much 
  more hotter and excited that she had been before. Her heart thundered in her 
  chest, and she felt as if she would soon pass out! 

 Soon, Erica resumed her discipline, with the only sounds in the library being 
  the thwack of the paddle and Janet's soft moans and breaths. 

 "You're quite good," said Erica as she landed a vicious blow on Janet's behind. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," cried Janet. 

 The number of blows was without count, and Janet was sure that her behind 
  was the color of bright red when Erica suddenly stopped. She offered the handle 
  to Janet, who kissed the woven leather. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," gasped Janet. 

 "Couldn't have you cum just yet, Janet," said Erica, "Besides I'm sure that 
  you'll be thinking of me every time that you sit down for the next week." 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Erica had made it quite clear to Janet that whatever she did, she would not 
  hurt Janet enough that she would have to miss work. In addition, she had provided 
  her with the name of nearby doctor that she could use for free and no questions 
  asked. It would have been quite difficult to explain why she was covered in 
  red welts and her ass red to a doctor at an HMO! 

 In spite of all that she had undergone so far, Erica had not yet let Janet 
  climax. No matter how close she had come to orgasm, the Mistress knew at the 
  exact point of when to stop before Janet would climax with pleasure. 

 "Would you like to see your behind in the mirror?" asked Erica. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Janet was led over again, and held sideways to the mirror. Her body was covered 
  in sweat from the discipline, and she was already getting used to the binder. 
  However, she knew that her arms would hurt terribly when they were released! 

 But it was her behind that was hurting her now! The paddle had done it's work 
  well, leaving her buttocks a bright shade of red! Janet knew that she was going 
  to have a hard time next week doing even the simplest things, and did not relish 
  the thought of sitting down at her desk. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," said Janet. 

 Janet saw the bright clamp attached to her nipple, and Erica turned her forward 
  so that she could see all the others. This jewelry, Janet thought, was definitely 
  not for sale in the department stores! 

 "Time to unwrap your present," said Erica. 

 Erica then removed her armbinder. First came the shoulder straps, and next 
  the strap above her elbows was loosened. When the leather was unzipped, Janet 
  moaned as her arms were slowly freed of their leather prison. Erica then unlocked 
  her wrists, and Janet could rub her arms to restore feeling. 

 "Take some time to recover," said Erica, "You have to get used to the armbinder 
  before you can wear it for some time." 

 "Thank you, Mistress," said Janet, thankful for the respite that she was enjoying. 

 Erica did not make any moves to remove her clips, and Janet did not dare make 
  any move to either. They stayed, painfully grasping her flesh on the most private 
  parts of a girl! 

 "Would you like a glass of water?" asked Erica. 

 "Yes, Mistress. Thank you." 

 Erica indicated a pitcher and glasses on the desk. Unsteadily, Janet walked 
  over to the desk, and licked her lips over taking a drink. 

 "Would you like one also, Mistress?" asked Janet. 

 "Yes, slave," answered Erica. 

 Janet felt happy that she had passed a test. Had she poured herself a drink 
  without asking Erica first, she would have been liable for a punishment. By 
  asking Erica if she wanted one also, she had placed her Mistress's wants above 
  her own, showing her true place as her slave girl. 

 Janet poured one glass, then walked over to Erica. She placed it on a nearby 
  table and bowed. She watched as Erica drank her glass and rubbed her lips with 
  her rubber gloves. 

 "Thank you, Janet." 

 Once Janet had returned the glass to the desk was she able to pour a glass 
  for herself. She drank it slowly, taking small sips. She did not want to down 
  it all at once, or drink too slowly. When she finished, she replaced it on the 
  tray. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," said Janet. 

 Erica walked over to the chair by her computer. She sat down, and crossed 
  her magnificent latex clad legs. She looked truly stunning in the Catsuit, and 
  Janet could not help but be attracted to her. 

 "Janet, stand in front of me," ordered Erica. 

 Janet did as she was told, quickly. She stood in silence. 

 "Kneel, and lick my shoes," ordered Erica. 

 Someday, Janet knew that this command would come. She knelt before Erica, 
  and proceeded to bend down to the floor. With her hands and knees supporting 
  her, Janet then proceeded to start to lick at Erica's shoes. Much to her surprise, 
  she found that the surface was coated in matching latex. She licked at the rubber, 
  becoming gradually accustomed to her task. Within a few moments, she was running 
  her tongue over the rubber as if she had been doing this all along. 

 First Erica let Janet do her right shoe, then her left. She sat back and let 
  Janet service her shoes, knowing that this action further increased Janet's 
  desire for her. 

 "Janet," said Erica softly, "Look at me." 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Stopping what she was doing, Janet looked up from her task. She saw her Mistress, 
  clad in black shiny latex. The Catsuit displayed every part of her figure, and 
  clung to her like a second skin. Which indeed it was. 

 "What do you see, Janet?" asked Erica. 

 "My Mistress Erica," Janet answered. 

 "Thank you. I just want to take this chance to tell you something important. 
  One day, you and Tiffany shall both be tested." 

 "I don't understand Mistress," said Janet. 

 "Do not discuss this with Tiffany, or anyone else. That is all I shall say 
  in this matter." 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Good. Then I want you to stand up, and open the package. It's a gift to me," 
  said Erica. 

 Doing as she was told, Janet rose and bowed to Erica. 

 "Thank you for letting me clean your shoes," said Janet. 

 "You're welcome Janet. Now do as I told you." 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Janet clicked her heels as she walked over to the package, which had red ribbon 
  and a red bow on top. She undid the ribbon, and tore away at the fancy paper. 
  She gasped at what was inside! 

 Wrapped carefully was an exact duplicate of the large black leather footstool 
  that she had seen both Camille and herself punished on! 

 "It's a gift from Stephanie. She told me how much you like the footstool, 
  she made one a gift to me," said Erica. 

 Janet was folding the wrapping paper and ribbon. Erica indicated a wastebasket 
  into which Janet should throw the wrappings. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," said Janet. 

 Erica then reached into her desk, and produced four coils of rope, plus a 
  ballgag. Janet stood still, awaiting Erica's next command. 

 "Janet, come here," directed Erica. 

 Janet walked over to the desk, and stood silently in front of her Mistress. 

 "I think that you've worn those clips long enough," said Erica. 

 "Yes, Mistress," said Janet. 

 When they were removed one by one, Janet moaned in pain. While they had produced 
  a constant distress all the time that she had worn them, when they were finally 
  removed it hurt even more! 

 "Ooooh" cried Janet. 

 "It's all right, Janet," said Erica, "Take a little time to relax." 

 "May I touch myself, Mistress?" asked Janet. 

 "Yes, but just a little to sooth yourself. If you climax yourself before I'm 
  ready they'll be something coming that you'll regret." 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Janet massaged her hurt sore nipples, which throbbed from the lengthy time 
  that she had worn the clips. But it was her sex that she had to be most careful 
  of. Wearing the armbinder and having her behind paddled still tremendously excited 
  her. Now she felt like she was full of erotic energy, and waiting for some kind 
  of release! 

 "That's enough," commanded Erica. 

 "Thank you, Mistress." 

 Erica indicated the footstool, and Janet promptly lay down on the soft black 
  leather. The stool was padded quite well, and she did not sink into something 
  soft. Instead it was firmly padded, and took her weight quite well. She waited 
  patiently as Erica soon secured her elbows and knees to the footstool's legs, 
  making her prisoner once more. 

 Then the ballgag was placed at Janet's mouth, and she opened it obediently 
  with having to be directed by Erica. The rubber ball went in, and Janet's teeth 
  grasped onto the round object. She then felt the roller buckle close at the 
  back of her neck. 

 Erica then stood back and admired her handiwork. Janet proceeded to rub her 
  naked skin against the sensual feel of the leather. She was also aroused by 
  the scent of the new leather, and ground her sex against the sensual surface. 

 "Stop that," ordered Erica, "I don't want you satisfying yourself yet." 

 Janet stopped immediately, but could not reply with the gag in her mouth. 

 Erica began to caress Janet's shoulders, and her back. Her fingers danced 
  on Janet's back, imparting erotic electricity that Janet had been wishing for 
  all night. Reaching underneath her, Erica then began to pinch her nipples, which 
  had become erect and hard again. 

 "I see that you're quite ready," said Erica. 

 Without even checking if Janet was wet, Erica then produced a dildo, which 
  she showed to her captive. Then she walked to Janet's rear, and Janet obliged 
  her Mistress by raising her behind. This made her sex easier to access for the 
  phallus. 

 Janet moaned with pleasure when she felt the dildo enter her sex. It was finally 
  a relief to have the thing penetrate and enter her. Erica pushed the thing in 
  gently at first, gradually thrusting it in and out. With each thrust and withdrawal, 
  it seemed like waves and waves of energy were released in Janet's sex. 

 "Stephanie was right," said Erica, "You do enjoy the footstool. I guess that 
  I'll have to try it on Andrea this week." 

 "Mmmmmph," said Janet. 

 When the dildo was finally pushed inside her, Janet knew that her real test 
  was just beginning. Just as Stephanie had before, this was going to be a test 
  to see just how long Janet could keep the phallus in her sex. 

 "There now, why don't I just leave you like that for a minute?" said Erica. 

 Janet placed her entire concentration between her legs. While her muscles 
  were firmly clamped on the dildo now, she feared that if she suddenly lost concentration 
  it would slip out. She guessed that she was very wet, and excited by everything 
  that Erica had done to her tonight. 

 Erica then produced a riding crop, this time with a broad leather tip. Janet 
  knew the effect that this would have on her. 

 "Since I've punished your behind quite enough all ready, I'll have to do something 
  else to finish the evening," said Erica. 

 Janet looked with fear at the crop. Still, it was when Erica began to fondle 
  her behind did Janet really fear that she would lose the phallus. 

 "Should you lose the dildo, your punishment will be rather severe," said Erica. 

 Erica then began to gently slap her with the crop. With it's broad tip, the 
  force of the blow was well divided. Still, it stung each time it landed. Erica 
  avoided striking her behind, not to inflict any further damages. Still, the 
  crop landed on her back, shoulders and on the inside of her thighs. Janet squirmed 
  in an attempt to get away from the impacts of the leather. 

 "Mmmmmph!" cried Janet. 

 After her severe punishment earlier, this was much milder. But having been 
  deeply aroused by her prior discipline, it was hard to keep the concentration 
  on her sex. 

 Suddenly, Janet came again and again. She couldn't control her cunt muscles, 
  which climaxed by themselves. The sexual tension that had been building all 
  night had released itself in an explosive orgasm. Finally, she felt the dildo 
  slip slowly out of her sex, and she heard it bounce to the ground! 

 Janet felt like crying out loud: No! She had wanted to impress her Mistress 
  with a demonstration of her control. Janet had managed to control herself with 
  Stephanie, and she knew that Stephanie had described her performance to Erica. 

 In spite of the punishment that her behind had already endured, when the dildo 
  slipped out, Erica began to slash at her bottom. Janet squealed in pain as the 
  crop struck at her behind again and again. 

 "Bad slave!" cried Erica, "You could control yourself with Stephanie, you 
  little slut, but not with me. Just for that, you're going to be well used tonight!" 

 Erica retrieved the dildo from the floor and placed it on her desk. She pushed 
  a button on a control panel, and sat down in her chair. Janet did not know what 
  would happen next, and feared for the rest of the evening. 

 "Come in," said Erica when there was a knock at the door. 

 "Yes, Mistress," said Andrea. 

 "I want you to take this worthless slave and chain her at the foot of my bed. 
  I'll be along later," Erica ordered. 

 "Yes, Mistress," Andrea replied. 

 Erica then quickly rose from her seat, and strode forcefully out of the library. 
  Janet watched her leave, with tears in her eyes. For she had disappointed Erica, 
  who she had wanted to impress instead. 

 Andrea wasted no time as she undid the coils of rope around her elbows and 
  knees. Janet was then helped to her feet, and stood perched on the high heels. 
  How she wished that she could rip the gag from her mouth and apologize to Erica. 
  But that would only make it worse, as her body had betrayed her. 

 Janet stood impassively as her wrists were again locked behind her back. Without 
  even the blindfold or the leash, Andrea pushed her along to Erica's bedroom. 

 For a woman of such wealth and power, Erica's bedroom was simple and plain. 
  There was a four poster bed, bare floors, and some furniture. Janet was pushed 
  down onto the floor and her collar was locked to a ringbolt set in the wall. 
  Andrea then closed the door swiftly behind her. 

 Janet started to cry. She had wanted everything to go perfectly but instead 
  it had all gone so wrong! At least Erica had not ordered her into a cell for 
  the evening or solitary again. Still, spending the night bound and gagged at 
  the foot of Erica's bed was going to an exercise in frustration. So close, and 
  so far! 

 After what seemed an eternity, the bathroom door opened. Erica emerged, wearing 
  a terry bathrobe and slippers. 

 "Well now, I see that at least one of my girls can obey instructions," said 
  Erica. 

 Erica then proceeded to comb and dry her hair. Janet would have expected Andrea 
  to come and help her, but instead they were alone. Janet watched as Erica brushed 
  her long black hair, and used a hair dryer. It all seemed so ordinary, except 
  that Janet was bound on the floor. 

 "After wearing rubber, all I can look forward to is having a hot bath. Perhaps 
  I should lock you in a rubber suit all day, chained, just to make you feel uncomfortable," 
  said Erica. 

 "Mmmmmph," replied Janet. 

 "But that's for the future. For now, I've got something else in mind." 

 Erica then unlocked Janet's collar from the ringbolt and pulled her on top 
  of the bed. Still gagged, Janet grunted as she was laid face down on the bed. 
  Then her wrists were unlocked briefly, before Erica locked them to chains from 
  the bedposts. Next her legs were opened when her ankles were locked to chains 
  from the foot posts. Janet was naked, gagged, and spread-eagled on her Mistress's 
  bed! 

 "There now, that's better," said Erica. 

 Erica then stood up and removed her terry robe. For the first time, Janet 
  saw that her Mistress was a beautiful woman. She had fully developed breasts, 
  a flat stomach, firm hips, and a lovely bush between her legs. 

 Had Janet not been gagged, she would have pleaded forgiveness for her earlier 
  transgression. Instead she just had to watch what was going to happen next. 

 Erica then went to her dresser, and removed a broad leather harness similar 
  to the dildo harness that Janet had worn before. Her Mistress wrapped a broad 
  leather strap around her waist, cinching it tight. Then she drew a strap between 
  her legs, which she buckled in front. The harness that Erica wore had one main 
  difference from Janet's: a large dildo projected outwards. 

 "Now I'm ready," said Erica. 

 Erica turned the lights down, but not out, before she joined Janet on the 
  bed. Erica proceeded to begin to kiss Janet on her shoulders, then start on 
  her breasts and stomach. 

 Janet longed to reach out and return Erica's affection. Instead, her chains 
  and gag frustrated her! 

 Finally, Erica buried her head between Janet's legs, and her tongue reached 
  between sex. Janet experienced wave after wave of orgasm as Erica released the 
  sexual tension inside her. She moaned and squealed on the bed, bouncing on the 
  bed against the bonds that held her. 

 "Usually a slave is supposed to serve her Mistress first," said Erica, "But 
  I guess you'll have to serve me later." 

 Erica then mounted Janet, thrusting the shaft that she wore between Janet's 
  legs. Janet bucked and moaned as she felt the dildo impale her. She loved the 
  clean scent of her Mistress as she ground her hips against Janet's, each time 
  pushing the shaft deeper inside her. 

 Having the gag seemed to make her orgasms even more intense as she came again 
  and again. She felt her sweat mingle with Erica's, as she was pounded into the 
  mattress. 

 After what seemed forever, Erica stood up and removed her harness. Then she 
  released Janet, only to chain her at the foot of her bed. Finally, she removed 
  Janet's ballgag. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," gasped Janet. 

 "You're welcome, Janet." 

 Erica turned the lights completely off, and got under the covers nude. In 
  time, Janet heard soft snores from the bed. Soon she dropped off too, while 
  wondering just what her harsh punishment for losing the dildo was going to be? 

 Part Three: Sunday 

 When Sunday began, Erica showered and dressed herself. Janet expected that 
  Andrea would join them, but she was puzzled at her absence. Once Erica had dressed 
  in a top, jeans, and shoes, she unlocked Janet. She pulled Janet to her feet, 
  and marched her down the hall. 

 "Now you get punished," said Erica. 

 Andrea was waiting in another bathroom. Janet was unlocked, and her collar 
  and bracelets were removed. Then she was bathed, and her hair dried. Finally, 
  she was made to sit on the toilet with some kind of special seat to elevate 
  her slightly higher. 

 Andrea then prepared a cup of shaving cream, and Janet guessed what was going 
  to happen next. The cream was liberally applied to her pubic hair, and Andrea 
  then produced an old fashioned straight razor. 

 "Don't move," said Andrea. 

 With her legs open wide, Janet sat still while her sex was shaved. Andrea 
  was quite skilled with the razor, and not once were the sensitive tissues of 
  Janet's sex nicked or cut. Finally, when she was finished, Andrea produced a 
  powder puff to sooth the shaved skin. 

 "I feel naked," said Janet. 

 "That's the idea," answered Andrea, "Now I'm supposed to show you to Erica 
  before you get dressed. Your car is coming soon, because Erica is entertaining 
  some people. So you have to leave early. Understand?" 

 "Yes, Andrea," said Janet. 

 Janet was then paraded before Erica, who fondled Janet's naked sex. After 
  approving the job that Andrea had done, she was dressed just in time for the 
  car to arrive. 

 Sitting in the back of the limo, she turned around to look at the shrinking 
  mansion in the rear window, tears in her eyes. 

 "Why couldn't I be a better slave?" she asked herself, digging her nails into 
  her palms, tears running down her cheeks. 

 The End of Chapter Five 




Janet in Training
Chapter Six: Role Reversal

 Part One: Switch

When the limo left her in front of Erica's house one weekend, Janet was eagerly 
  looking forward to seeing Erica. Over the past few weeks, Erica had been placing 
  her in more stringent and difficult bondage positions. In addition, the Mistress 
  had been punishing her in many more different ways. Janet had learned the cat 
  and the flogger, and had been able to stand many more strokes than she had before. 

 She was pleased that Erica had also decided to use her in the bedroom as well, 
  and she had to learn rather quickly how to satisfy her Mistress. Failure meant 
  a stay in the Dungeon, plus additional punishments. 

 So when the limo departed, Janet hurried up the stairs. She was hoping that 
  her stay this weekend would be a repeat of last week's. That had been both a 
  pleasurable and painful experience at the same time, and Janet hoped that this 
  weekend would be more of the same. 

 When the door opened, Andrea was standing inside as usual. It was rare that 
  Mistress Erica would open the door of her own house. Why should she when she 
  had a slave for a Maid? 

 "Come in," greeted Andrea. 

 "Thank you," said Janet as she handed Erica's Maid her coat. 

 "I'm to take you to the library," said Andrea. 

 "Is that where Erica is now?" asked Janet. 

 "No. Please come," directed Andrea. 

 Janet was crestfallen. Where was her Mistress? She hurried behind Andrea. 
  The library was empty, without Erica. Janet was disappointed by Erica's absence. 

 "There's a letter on the desk," directed Andrea. 

 "Oh," answered Janet. 

 Janet picked up the envelope that Andrea had mentioned. It was made of a rich 
  fine heavy paper, not like modern paper that made to go through a printer at 
  work. No, this was paper that someone might use for something special. On the 
  front was written Janet's name in a simple script, and the envelope flap had 
  an ER embossed in the heavy paper. It was also sealed by a glob of red sealing 
  wax, into which was pressed the letters ER inside a crest. 

 Janet slowly opened it, and found a single sheet of paper inside. She read: 
  Dear Janet, Sorry, but I was called away suddenly on urgent business. Since 
  you were looking forward to seeing me so much, I decided on a special treat 
  for you. Tonight, Friday, Andrea will have her use of you. Tomorrow, Saturday, 
  you shall have the use of Andrea. Please be creative and imaginative, both of 
  you! I shall expect a full report, and discipline meted out for improper conduct. 
  Love, Erica Riken 

 "Andrea, I'm yours," said Janet. 

 Andrea read the letter in silence when it was offered to her. Janet wondered 
  if she knew the contents even before, and if her companion was merely playacting. 

 "You certainly are. Now, what should I do with you?" 

 Janet knew better than to respond to a question like that. She had always 
  feared that one day Andrea might get her chance to dominate her, and now Erica 
  had given her to her Maid! 

 "Better not stay silent too long, Janet," cautioned Andrea. 

 "I could take off my clothes, Mistress Andrea," said Janet. 

 "What a nice idea. You know, Janet, some girls don't train as easily as You 
  did. They pout and protest, thinking that will get them some attention. What 
  they forget is that none of that behavior works when you face a Dominant." 

 Janet could only nod her head in agreement. 

 "I'd say that you were one of the best slave girls that Erica has had for 
  quite some time. You really love the whip, don't you." 

 "Yes, Andrea." 

 "Mistress Andrea. And that will cost you tonight, my dear. But don't strip 
  here, downstairs is better." 

 "Yes, Mistress Andrea." 

 "Now go downstairs and get ready, and I'll be along in a minute. The Dungeon's 
  already open, and you know what to do." 

 Janet knew that there were two ways that she could use to go to the Dungeon. 
  One was the hidden elevator, and the other was a set of concealed stairs. The 
  doorway was left open, and Janet descended to the Dungeon. True to Andrea's 
  word, on a table were her collar, bracelets, and shoes. 

 Janet was by now used to the routine. She stripped quickly, and paused to 
  look at herself in the full-length mirror. She saw her naked body, with the 
  stripes as evidence of her slavery to Erica. But it was her sex that fascinated 
  her. Ever since Erica had ordered her cunt shaved several weeks ago, it was 
  an additional reminder of her slavery to Erica. When the cotton or silk of her 
  panties rubbed up against her bare lips during the day, it only served to remind 
  her that her Mistress had ordered her pussy shaved. 

 Nor was it allowed to grow back. For every weekend afterwards, Andrea had 
  the duty of again shaving her cunt to make sure that it wouldn't grow back. 
  For the first few weeks, Janet had wanted to protest and resist. But she had 
  never said anything. Now it was an accepted part of the routine of her visits, 
  just like removing her clothes and being placed in bondage. 

 Janet placed the collar around her neck first, brushing her hair away. Then 
  the bracelets went on her ankles and wrists. She then bent down and locked the 
  shoes onto her feet, snapping shut the little padlocks that would imprison her 
  feet. Next, she held her mouth open to accept the ballgag, and closed the roller 
  buckle at the back of her neck. 

 Janet took one final look at herself in the mirror, proud of her life as a 
  slave girl. She walked carefully in her high heels, and tried to figure out 
  just where Andrea would want her to restrain herself before her entrance. 

 She walked among the devices of slavery, her heart pounding with the memory 
  of how everything had been steadily used on her. Janet looked for some obvious 
  way of locking herself to something before Andrea would arrive. But there seemed 
  to be nothing! It looked as if Andrea had searched the Dungeon, and removed 
  every obvious way that Janet could confine herself easily! 

 Taking a deep breath with her nose, Janet wished that she did not have to 
  wear the ballgag. She felt like sighing, since she should have confined herself 
  by now! 

 Janet wondered if Andrea had known of Erica's plans, and this was some devilish 
  trick made especially for her! 

 "Well Janet, I see that you know how to take orders," commented Andrea on 
  her entrance. 

 All that Janet could do was nod her agreement behind her ballgag. Whoever 
  had thought of the gag must have designed it for girls, as the silence it imposed 
  was near total. 

 "I'm sure," said Andrea as she grabbed a D ring on Janet's collar, "that we 
  are going to have a nice time tonight. Do you know that I have been waiting 
  to punish you ever since the first time I saw you? And now I have my wish." 

 "Mmmmph," commented Janet. 

 "Now then, what shall I do with you?" asked Andrea. 

 In no time at all, Janet again found herself stretched into the shape of an 
  X. Her wrists and ankles had been attached to spreader bars, and she was slightly 
  suspended so that her heels barely touched the floor. 

 Andrea was wearing a leather bra and skirt, with a pair of thigh high boots 
  completed her outfit. A studded collar adorned her neck; it's shiny parts catching 
  the light. 

 "Like my outfit? Pity I can't dress this way all the time, but Erica is the 
  Mistress of the house, after all." 

 Andrea stepped behind her and removed the gag from Janet's mouth. Janet breather 
  deeply in relief when the rubber ball was gone. However, Janet noted that Andrea 
  had buckled the gag around her neck, so it would not be far when it would be 
  needed again. 

 Janet reacted with fear when Andrea removed a slender riding crop from the 
  wall. She watched with apprehension as Andrea flexed the crop with her two hands, 
  finally striking it against the side of one of her leather boots. 

 "You know, Janet," Andrea began, "I've been waiting for this for a long time. 
  Ever since that first day when you were here, and I pinched those nipples of 
  yours and fondled your sex. All the times I brought you down here for training 
  by Erica made me very jealous." 

 "Yes, Mistress Andrea," Janet answered. 

 "I was really astonished at the way you took to training. I had originally 
  thought that you were no more than a fake that would run after her first time 
  but you proved me wrong." 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "All I could do in the past was to feel your breasts and sex. But now, I've 
  got you just where I want you." 

 Janet could only nod her head in reply. 

 "I'm sure that the two of us can have a really fine time tonight, darling." 

 Janet had expected to be struck with the crop at that moment, but instead 
  Andrea merely clicked her heels in walking closer to her. She was not really 
  surprised when she felt her naked sex being probed by Andrea. In spite of her 
  bound position, Janet found herself responding to Andrea's efforts. 

 "Tell me Janet, what do you prefer? The whip, or my touch?" 

 "What, Mistress?" Janet asked. 

 "You weren't paying attention, now were you? You were just getting off," accused 
  Andrea. 

 "Yes, I mean no, Mistress. I mean........." 

 "I know what you mean. It's very dangerous to let your attention wander when 
  the woman controlling you is holding a crop, don't you agree?" 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Now, what shall I do with you? You're a bad girl." 

 "Whatever you please, Mistress." 

 "Now be a good slave girl and kiss the crop that you like so much, and ask 
  me to punish you harshly with it." 

 When the crop was offered to her, Janet kissed the handle several times. She 
  pretended that it was Erica holding the crop, not Andrea. 

 "Mistress Andrea, please punish me with your riding for being a bad slave 
  girl." 

 For her request, Janet received a stroke to her behind. The crop's slash left 
  a stripe of pure agony on her naked rear. Janet strained against her bonds, 
  making the chains rustle in response. 

 Andrea began to circle her captive, striking Janet occasionally with the crop. 
  Janet had expected Andrea to strike her repeatedly, but instead the Dominant 
  had decided on a pattern of random stripes on Janet's bound figure. The strokes 
  touched every part of her exposed female form, placing stripes wherever the 
  crop finally landed. All that Janet could do was to wait in her chains for the 
  next stroke. Andrea, unlike the other Dominants that Janet had experienced, 
  was in no hurry to punish. Rather, she seemed content to take her time. Each 
  stroke with the crop was carefully aimed, and delivered with deadly accuracy. 

 "Well now," commented Andrea, "do you think that after all these months of 
  waiting, I would rush? No, I prefer something a little slower. Once we finish, 
  I think that you'll find that I punish girls rather effectively!" 

 "Yes, Mistress," Janet answered. 

 "I believe that a slave girl should be punished slowly, like a work of art. 
  There's nothing like erotic anticipation to heighten the senses." 

 Janet nodded her head in assent. 

 "I'm so glad that you agree. Why, this is one night that we both shall remember," 
  said Andrea. 

 Andrea next hung up the crop and removed the whip from the wall. She ran the 
  thin leather through her hands, feeling the well-oiled leather flex and bend. 
  Andrea was responsible for the upkeep of Erica's Dungeon. It had taken her some 
  time, and many punishments, before she had learned the care and upkeep of Erica's 
  things. For each time that she had made a mistake, Erica had made certain to 
  use that very instrument on her that night. 

 Janet tensed herself against the whip, screaming each time it hit a spot made 
  tender by the crop. Andrea took her time with her captive, making each stoke 
  count. 

 "Well now, Janet. Having a good time?" 

 "Yes, Mistress. Please punish me." 

 "Now let's see just how you are doing," said Andrea. 

 Janet watched in silence as Andrea reached out and pulled and pinched at her 
  erect nipples. She moaned in response since she was already aroused. Then Andrea 
  reached down and inserted her finger into Janet's sex. 

 "Wet, aren't we?" commented Andrea. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "You're such a bondage slut, you know," said Andrea. 

 Janet's whipping continued. Andrea knew just how to place the cruel thong 
  so that it would produce the most agony for her naked thrall. She twisted in 
  her bonds, unable to escape from the awful agony that the Mistress inflicted 
  upon her exposed flesh. 

 "Tell me, Janet. If Erica or some other Mistress were to offer you the chance 
  at being their permanent live in slave, would you take them up on it? Would 
  you quit you job in exchange for wearing a Maid's outfit and being at their 
  beck and call 24 hours a day?" asked Andrea. 

 "Yes, Mistress," Janet answered, "I would gladly give up my freedom for the 
  life of a slave girl." 

 Janet did not know why Andrea had forced the admission out of her regarding 
  slavery. Perhaps Andrea was jealous that Janet could resume her normal life, 
  while Andrea's life was quite different. 

 "I know that the idea secretly thrills you. Perhaps when you take your vacation, 
  Erica will oblige you by keeping you here for two weeks. You would like that, 
  wouldn't you?" 

 "Yes, Mistress. I would like that very much." 

 "Except that what you want doesn't count. All that matters is what Erica wants. 
  For that statement, we shall continue." 

 "Yes, Mistress," Janet answered fitfully. 

 Again, Janet expected to be gagged. Instead, Andrea produced a pair of nipple 
  clamps from inside her leather bra. 

 "Rather a good place to store these," said Andrea. 

 Janet winced as they were applied to her erect nipples, excited by her nakedness 
  and discipline. 

 "Janet, you really have become a good girl. You have become used to the clamps, 
  aren't you?" 

 "Yes, Mistress," Janet answered. 

 Hanging up the whip, Andrea then selected the cat. It was composed of a solid 
  leather wrapped handle, with several thin strands of leather that ended in a 
  small leather knot. Having already experienced the cat, Janet knew and feared 
  its effect. 

 "We'll continue with the cat," said Andrea. 

 Andrea displayed the cat to Janet, who shivered with fright inside her chains. 
  There was nothing that she could say or do to stop Andrea from having her way 
  with her! 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Janet. 

 Andrea proceeded to strike her with the cat. Each strand left it's imprint 
  on Janet's figure, with the knot leaving a red welt. In spite of her best efforts, 
  Janet soon found that she was crying. Not out of pain, but rather out of joy. 
  She was aroused and excited by everything that had happened to her tonight, 
  and she loved being disciplined by Andrea. 

 It was true what she had heard from Mistress Erica. She enjoyed being a slave 
  girl, no matter who kept her in chains and yielded the whip! 

 The cat left several marks where the whip and crop merely left one. It felt 
  as if her entire body was on fire, and sweat poured from her and ran down her 
  naked and exposed form. Instead of a quick series of punishment like Blanca 
  had administered, this was a slow form of erotic agony that threatened to consume 
  her. 

 "Mistress," cried Janet, "The cat hurts!" 

 "I know, Janet. Not much longer now, until I'm satisfied." 

 Pulling at her bonds in a futile effort to escape, all that Janet could to 
  was to strain her already tired muscles. The stress of being suspended and punished 
  was becoming too much for Janet to bear. Tears continued to escape her eyes, 
  and she had no way of drying them. 

 After one final vicious stoke with the cat between her legs and onto her shaven 
  pussy, Andrea stopped. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," cried Janet. 

 Janet was offered the cat, and she proceeded to kiss the handle like it was 
  the lips of a cherished lover. She could only wonder about the new marks that 
  Andrea had just inflicted upon her, and what they looked like. 

 "Ready for something else?" asked Andrea. 

 "Whatever my Mistress desires," replied Janet. 

 Janet soon found herself lowered to the floor, and she gasped when her strained 
  form buckled when her legs wouldn't take her weight. Andrea quickly released 
  her from the spreader bars, and led Janet to the wooden horse that she had been 
  bound and bent over on. 

 "Stand here for a while," ordered Andrea. 

 "Yes, Mistress. Thank you, Mistress," gasped Janet. 

 Quickly, Janet recovered from her ordeal. She took a few trail steps, and 
  found that she had regained the use of her legs. It seemed like such a grand 
  erotic tableau with her naked in the Dungeon and at the mercy of a Mistress! 

 "Feel better?" asked Andrea. 

 "Yes, Mistress," Janet quickly answered. 

 "Good." 

 Naked, all that Janet could do was to keep her hands at her sides. She had 
  learned from hard experience that she must always leave her breasts and sex 
  exposed, so that they would be available for whatever the Mistress would desire. 

 "You certainly have been well trained," complimented Andrea. 

 Janet had a moment to silently reflect to herself that all of the taunts that 
  Andrea had hurled at her were essentially true. In the time since she had consented 
  to become a slave girl, she had done things that she would never have done before. 
  Naked before other women, bound and chained, and finally whipped on a regular 
  basis. Janet Davis was definitely not the same girl as the one several months 
  ago that had disrobed in front of Mistress Erica and consented to slavery. Now 
  she eagerly accepted her role and looked forward to each encounter with her 
  owner. 

 "Janet, come over here," commanded Andrea. 

 Janet did as she was ordered. Andrea grabbed her wrists, and pulled and then 
  locked them behind her back. Next, she felt the gag being unbuckled, and she 
  opened her mouth wide in anticipation of having the ball once again in her mouth. 
  Janet was not disappointed, and she suffered in silence as the ball entered 
  her mouth and was secured in back. Janet was once again bound and helpless, 
  and her heart beat swiftly in her chest in expectancy over what might befall 
  her next. 

 "There now," said Andrea, "all tied up and no place to. We're not finished 
  just yet." 

 Janet felt like squealing when Andrea finally removed her nipple clamps. Both 
  her nipples were red and raw from having worn them for so long. Whenever the 
  cat's strands had struck them, Janet had winced in agony but had kept from showing 
  Andrea just how it had made her feel. 

 "Come along now," commanded Andrea after she had attached a leash to Janet's 
  collar. 

 The two walked in silence through the well-lit corridors of Erica's Dungeon, 
  Janet wondering just how big the place below ground really was. When they had 
  been chained together one evening, Tiffany had told Janet that this sub-basement 
  had originally been a disused fallout shelter from the fifties. It was a perfect 
  location for a Dominant's Dungeon, and Erica had evidently spent a lot of money 
  down here. 

 When they arrived in another room, Janet was disappointed to see that all 
  it contained was a wooden box in the center. It was about five feet long and 
  two wide and only appeared to be a few inches high. Janet could not possibly 
  imagine just what the thing was for! 

 After she was pulled closer, its purpose became quite apparent to Janet. She 
  had been a slave girl long enough to recognize how a new device could be used 
  on a girl. At the bars on the edges of the box were circular holes meant to 
  imprison wrists and ankles. On one side was a hinge, the other a hasp lock. 
  It was a variation on the usual set of stocks, except this was lying flat on 
  the floor. It would force a girl to rest on her hands and heels, and expose 
  her bottom to what a Mistress would desire! 

 "Now don't give me any trouble, and it won't hurt too much," advised Andrea. 

 Andrea opened one side, and Janet hesitantly placed her ankles in the half 
  circles of wood. Andrea closed the bar and locked a padlock into the hasp. Immobility 
  was the purpose of the stocks, and they performed their goal well with a naked 
  girl inside them. Janet's leash was then removed, and her wrists were drawn 
  into their wooden prison. When the padlock was closed, Janet found that she 
  was truly a prisoner again. 

 "Have to get something. Be right back, don't run away," happily said Andrea. 

 With her wrists and ankles restrained in the stocks and her behind up in the 
  air, Janet knew that Andrea had made a joke at her expense. She had demonstrated 
  her submission to Erica, Stephanie, Blanca, Tiffany and now Andrea. Even if 
  Janet wore the key to the padlocks around her neck, there was no way that she 
  could open the locks with her hands imprisoned by the wood. 

 Janet had not counted the number of strokes that Andrea had inflicted, but 
  even though they had hurt severely, Janet guessed that they far below what Erica 
  would have done. Perhaps Andrea knew that if she hurt Janet too much, she herself 
  would have felt Erica's wrath. So it was one of the more mild nights that she 
  had been a slave girl. Locked in the stocks, she wondered what would happen 
  next! 

 "Have a nice wait?" asked Andrea on her return. 

 "Mmmmph!" cried Janet. 

 Her eyes widened when she saw that Andrea was wearing the same dildo harness 
  that Erica had used on her before. Andrea had removed her leather clothing except 
  for her boots and collar, and her breasts were free. Around her waist was the 
  leather belt, and protruding from the harness was a large phallus. 

 Before, Janet had taken it from the front. Bound in the stocks, she was now 
  going to take it from the rear. 

 "Now just so you don't think that I'm being cruel," said Andrea as she produced 
  a tube of lubricant and spread some on the shaft. 

 Janet soon saw that Andrea was standing behind her, by looking backwards through 
  her imprisoned arms and legs. Andrea ran the tip of the phallus around Janet's 
  behind, making sure to brush the thing against her ass cheeks. In a moment of 
  panic, Janet was sure that it would be her anus that would be entered. However, 
  the thing was guided down and further between her legs. 

 Janet soon felt the capable hands of Andrea reach out and were placed firmly 
  on Janet's hips. Andrea's fingers dug into Janet's flesh, holding Janet firmly 
  in place as Andrea maneuvered the dildo towards it's objective. Before her slavery, 
  Janet had only had sex on her back. Any other position she had considered was 
  somehow improper. 

 She flinched when she sensed the dildo enter her sex, and moaned from within 
  the gag. Andrea was experienced, and she held onto Janet to steady her as the 
  dildo was pushed deeper into her sex. Soon, Andrea was sliding the phallus back 
  and forth, performing intercourse with the phallus. 

 "Mmmmmph!" cried Janet. 

 "You must really be having a good time," commented Andrea. 

 Strange as it was, it was better than being whipped, thought Janet. Even though 
  it was now her sex that was being violated, it was infinitely better than being 
  punished again. 

 Janet also wondered why her sexual climaxes always seemed more intense when 
  she was gagged. In all of her prior sexual experiences, she had never felt anything 
  like what she was having now. 

 She reacted to Andrea's thrusts by trying to match her thrusts. There was 
  no escape, and Janet found that she enjoyed being used in this manner. 

 "You're really getting off on this, aren't you?" asked Andrea. 

 The dildo continued to drive itself deep within Janet's sex, and she felt 
  like she was ready to climax. 

 "You can't climax before you're allowed," commanded Andrea, "else there will 
  be quite a punishment for that. Do you understand?" 

 Janet restrained herself, trying to control her arousal. She had embarrassed 
  herself when she had slipped with Erica, and her reward was to have her pussy 
  shaven and bare. She did not want to fail again! 

 Her long hair had fallen nearly to the floor, and she was sweating from her 
  sexual exertions. Her skin tickled as she felt the beads of sweat form, then 
  run down her naked and exposed form. 

 The strokes of the phallus seemed endless, and Janet wondered just how long 
  she could contain herself before she experienced a shattering climax. It felt 
  like her entire body was a bow ready to be released. 

 "Now!" said Andrea. 

 When the climax came, Janet felt as if her sex had exploded in a shower of 
  sensation. The multiple orgasms sent shudders throughout her entire body. She 
  could only moan through her gag, being denied the use of her mouth. Janet stole 
  a glance at Andrea, who was obviously excited by her exertions also. Her naked 
  body glistened with sweat, with a fine sheen on her body. 

 "You are really a little slut," began Andrea, "liking yourself used in this 
  manner. I have seen many women since I have been with Erica changed from frigid 
  cunts to slaves that enjoyed themselves. But you seemed to like slavery from 
  the start. You may not always be a slave girl. But I can tell you one observation: 
  you will look back on this period of your sex life as the most exciting time 
  that you will ever have. You will find sex with men boring and shallow in comparison 
  to being chained and whipped, or being able to discipline another slave like 
  yourself." 

 Janet did not know why Andrea had chosen to lecture her at that moment. She 
  was still recovering from the massive orgasms that had coursed through her body, 
  and she felt dizzy with excitement. The rubber ball was still held firmly within 
  her mouth by the leather strap, and she was unable to respond. 

 "Let me take your gag out," said Andrea. 

 True to her work, Andrea walked around and unbuckled the gag strap. When the 
  ball was removed, Janet took several deep breaths. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," panted Janet. 

 "The bad thing about the stocks you are bound in is that they are rather limiting. 
  I think that I'll release you for your next ordeal." 

 Janet was thankful when she watched Andrea unlock the two steel padlocks that 
  held her within the stocks. Andrea released Janet's wrists and ankles from within 
  their wooden prisons. Janet was glad to stand again after having been bent over 
  while her sex was being used. 

 "Thank you for releasing me, Mistress," said Janet as she stood before Andrea 
  and massaged her wrists. 

 She stole a glance at herself in the mirror. Naked, her flesh bore the marks 
  that she had received that night. Her cheeks and makeup were tear stained, and 
  her hair was a mess. But somehow that didn't matter, as she was happy to be 
  here with Andrea. 

 Janet recalled that she was in love with Mistress Erica. But when she had 
  been loaned to Mistress Stephanie, Stephanie had observed that Janet desired 
  to be used by any woman. 

 "Hands behind your back," ordered Andrea. 

 It was by now quite normal for Janet to have her hands locked behind her back, 
  rendering her helpless. She often wondered why her ankles weren't hobbled by 
  chain, except that the five-inch heels already imposed a disciple upon her that 
  make every step a cautious exercise. 

 "Do you enjoy wearing cuffs?" asked Andrea. 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Janet. 

 Attaching a leash to Janet's collar, Andrea led Janet out through the dungeons 
  back to the elevator. She paused to unlock the harness around her waist, leaving 
  the harness near the instruments that she had used tonight. 

 "I have to clean them before Erica returns, or it will be my hide that gets 
  whipped," stated Andrea. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Now for your final task of the night," said Andrea. 

 Janet was blindfolded, cutting off her sight. Andrea led her to the elevator, 
  and they ascended upstairs. Gently pulled along, she felt Andrea leading her 
  somewhere. They walked for a brief period, before they entered a room. Janet 
  felt her leash being attached to something, before she was made to kneel down. 

 When her blindfold was removed again, she saw that she was in one of the bedrooms. 
  She was chained to a ringbolt set in the wall, and Andrea was seated on the 
  bed, wearing nothing but the collar and boots. 

 She opened her legs to invite Janet within. 

 "Service me, Janet, or else it will be the riding crop," said Andrea. 

 Janet walked on her knees over to Andrea, and began to slowly make love to 
  her. With her hands locked behind her back, all she could use was her tongue, 
  lips, and teeth. When she had spent the night with Blanca, the Dominant had 
  taught her how to use her mouth to service a woman. When she had showed hesitancy 
  or inexperience, Janet had been rewarded with multiple strokes on her thighs. 

 Janet thought that she was moderately experienced in giving another woman 
  pleasure, and soon Andrea was aroused and shaking from Janet's efforts. Janet 
  bit and tugged at her outer lips, then tongued her clit again and again. She 
  stole a glance at Andrea, and saw that she was flushed with excitement and passion. 

 Andrea grabbed Janet's head and pulled it deeper between her legs, moaning 
  all the time. Breathing though her nose, Janet continued to service Andrea. 
  Finally her efforts were rewarded when Andrea let loose in a shuddering climax 
  that shook the bad. Her leather-clad legs surrounded Janet, and the combined 
  aroma of Andrea's wet sex and leather almost overwhelmed Janet into stopping. 

 Andrea shuddered again and again, each climax bringing her waves of pleasure. 
  She rocked back and forth, holding her prisoner tightly between her legs. 

 When the last climax ended, she drew Janet up and unlocked her wrists. Andrea 
  then removed her boots, unzipping them from thigh to heel. She folded them on 
  the floor. 

 They shared a drink from a pitcher on the nightstand, and then Andrea invited 
  Janet into the bed beside her. 

 "Now then, shall we begin again?" asked Andrea. 

 Janet did not know when they finished because Andrea had been inexhaustible 
  and she was totally spent. All Janet remembered was that she finally passed 
  out sometime during the late night. 

 Part Two: Saturday 

 The next morning, Janet was released. Her leash was unlocked first, followed 
  by her collar and bracelets. Andrea had unlocked her shoes before they had gone 
  to bed the previous evening, so they lay scattered on the bedroom floor. 

 "Why did you honor Erica's instructions?" asked Janet after her bracelets 
  had been removed. 

 "Because I would pay a terrible price if I disobeyed," answered Andrea. 

 "What now?" 

 "I'm your slave today," said Andrea. 

 "So let's start with a bath," ordered Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Janet was then bathed and massaged, and her hurt skin tended to. Lying naked 
  on a massage table (did Erica have everything in the house) she enjoyed having 
  Andrea pamper her. Afterwards, she had dressed in a terry robe and slippers 
  while Andrea had cleaned herself and dressed herself in latex uniform. 

 Going through Andrea's room, she discovered a chastity belt and ordered her 
  to wear it under her uniform. She made certain that Andrea locked her shoes 
  upon her feet, and closed the padlocks herself. 

 Then she was treated to a large breakfast, which Erica had probably planned 
  for her all along. Janet felt like she was Mistress of the house. Finally, after 
  her third cup of black coffee and finishing the Times, she wondered just what 
  else to do. 

 "Andrea?" called Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," replied Andrea. 

 "What do I do about getting dressed? I only have the clothes I wore yesterday. 
  I can't stay in a robe all day. I never did that at home all day either." 

 "Please come with me," said Andrea. 

 Janet was directed into one of the bedrooms. Inside the closet was a collection 
  of clothes of varying sizes, enough for several girls. Janet selected silk underwear, 
  stockings and a black garter belt. She finished off her outfit with a silk blouse 
  and a red leather skirt. Finally, she chose a pair of red leather pumps that 
  were only normal height, which did not get locked onto her feet. 

 Andrea prepared her hair, setting it with combing and a blast of hairspray. 
  When she was done, Janet admired herself in the bedroom mirror. 

 She smoothed her skirt down with her hands when she stood up, and was happy 
  for her appearance. 

 "I wish that I had known you when I was dating," said Janet, "I've never looked 
  this good before." 

 "Thank you, Mistress. If I may be excused, I have the chores to do," said 
  Andrea. 

 "Yes, of course, you are dismissed," ordered Janet. 

 Having done the chores in both Erica's and Stephanie's house, she knew the 
  penalty her Maid would face if they were neglected. So she decided to let Andrea 
  do her work in peace. Besides, she would have the full use of her this evening, 
  so there was no rush. 

 It seemed strange, walking through the mansion wearing clothes and sensible 
  heels, and imagining that she was the Mistress of the house. She found the house 
  well appointed but not excessive. There was none of the gaudy extravagance Erica 
  had told Janet that she despised in her house, and the Mistress had indeed lived 
  up to her words. 

 True, there were the antiques and paintings. But they were displayed in an 
  unassuming fashion, with no clue as to their true worth. 

 Except that in this house, all of the rooms had ringbolts set in the walls 
  at numerous locations. Janet wondered just what she had told the contracts why 
  she needed them, and what she told her "normal" guests what they were for. 

 Janet speculated on what some guests might have thought of the rings, and 
  if they knew that they were used to keep slave girls chained beside this Mistress's 
  bed and available for use. 

 To pass the time, Janet found that Erica had a large and wonderful library. 
  She discovered that Erica also had a large collection of Adult materials, and 
  passed the time watching a couple of Bondage tapes. As an experiment, she also 
  tried to watch a straight sex video, but found it boring by comparison. 

 "Once you've been in the Dungeon," she said aloud. "Everything else seems 
  dull by comparison." 

 There were also plenty of catalogs for bondage gear and fetish equipment, 
  and Janet wasted no time in copying down some phone numbers and addresses. Since 
  she had already admitted to her Mistress that she dressed up at home, Janet 
  was eager to add to her collection. 

 On a whim, she decided to explore Erica's bedroom. Since she was Mistress 
  of the house for a day, she thought that would give her the right to look in 
  Erica's closet. She wanted to see just what clothes Erica possessed! 

 With Andrea doing the laundry, she went into Erica's room. It was unlocked, 
  and Janet didn't know if she was being taped or not. Still, all she did was 
  to open Erica's walk in closet (she had lived in apartments smaller than that 
  closet). 

 She gasped when she saw the contents. Not did it contain the usual career 
  clothing that a working woman would have (suits, dresses, and evening gowns) 
  plus jeans and tops, heels and old sweatshirts and sneakers. Taking up a good 
  portion of the closet was a section that contained clothing that would have 
  raised eyebrows in the working world. 

 Outfits of leather, rubber, and PVC. Catsuits, bodysuits, and dresses. Latex 
  stockings, and footwear of many varieties. She picked up some of the high heels 
  and boots, and wondered fantasized how many girls had been made to lick them. 

 "Mistress," said Andrea. 

 "Andrea, you startled me," said Janet, as she nearly dropped the boot that 
  she had been handling. 

 "Sorry, I was here to put something away." 

 "Continue." 

 "Thank you, Andrea. I won't be punished for looking in here, will I?" asked 
  Janet. 

 "Unless you steal or damage something, no. But there's plenty of fetish clothing 
  you can use later tonight, so you won't have to use something of Erica's. She 
  might get a little disturbed about that, Mistress." 

 Janet knew that Andrea was speaking the truth. She put the boot down, and 
  retreated to the library. Then she got her coat, and took a walk outside. The 
  entire estate was enclosed and walled off, and she noted that there were no 
  trees that were allowed to over the wall. The top of the wall was covered in 
  something, but Janet couldn't see it properly. Janet guessed that there were 
  electronic alarms all over the place. Erica would certainly not be getting any 
  unannounced visitors! 

 For lunch, Janet was again treated to a meal that was simply wonderful. After 
  she finished her chicken marsala, she felt like taking a nap. Instead, she curled 
  up with a novel in the library. 

 Like a magnet, the Dungeon exerted a strange pull on her. At odd moments, 
  she imagined herself downstairs again. She daydreamed that she was bound and 
  chained at Erica's mercy. 

 She napped and dreamed, and was not certain what was the dream. Was she still 
  in the Dungeon, or was she upstairs being Mistress for a day? 

 Getting up afterwards, she passed Andrea in the hall. 

 "Mistress?" asked Andrea. 

 "Yes, Andrea." 

 "Could you let me out of the belt? I have to go to the bathroom, Mistress." 

 "Of course," answered Janet. 

 When she had selected the belt in the morning, Janet had made sure that she 
  had kept the key in her blouse pocket. She was amazed that Andrea had managed 
  to hold herself for that long, as Janet would have been asking for relief hours 
  before. 

 Janet unlocked Andrea and let her go. When she was finished, Janet wanted 
  to see just what it meant to have someone available to her. 

 Before she locked Andrea into the belt again, she made her remove her uniform. 
  Andrea's breasts hung naked and free, since she did not wear a bra under the 
  tight latex. 

 Janet pinched and fondled them, with Andrea handcuffed to a bedpost. She had 
  asked Andrea where she might find a few things, and she had done so without 
  question. 

 Andrea's nipples soon grew hard and her breathing short. Janet stimulated 
  her, and found that her sex was wet in response to her actions. 

 "Have you ever had your cunt shaved?" asked Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress. Many times." 

 Just as a test, she fingered Andrea's sex, and found her already wet with 
  desire. 

 "It seems that I'm not the only slut around here," said Janet. 

 "No, Mistress. I'm Erica's bondage slut." 

 Janet had selected a riding crop and delivered several sharp strokes to Andrea's 
  behind. She watched with approval as it left red stripes on her buttocks and 
  made Andrea moan with pain or pleasure. 

 Then Janet released her, locked the chastity belt around her waist, and ordered 
  her to get dressed. Janet left the bedroom, and was pleased at her modest actions. 
  She wondered how a Maid's agency would react if a job description for this house 
  would pass through their office! 

 Dinner was a grand affair, complete with Candles, a rich beef stew, and red 
  wine. For the occasion, Janet had changed out of her day clothes and chose a 
  black evening dress made entirely of black latex. Andrea had helped her into 
  it, and zipped her up in the back. 

 Janet remembered how she'd been used as a naked serving girl, and it was rather 
  different to be served on the other side of the table. After finishing her dessert, 
  which had been a big piece of German chocolate cake, she adjourned to the library 
  for a brandy. 

 Walking through the library, Janet enjoyed the tight feel of the latex, and 
  the sensual way it clung to her figure. She loved it squishiness and it's sound, 
  and wondered why she had never wanted to have anything like it before. She carried 
  a brandy snifter, and the carafe sat on the library desk. 

 Janet remembered when she and Camille had served the two Mistresses, and how 
  friendly they seemed. She fantasized that one-day she would be a Mistress, and 
  enjoy the company of others of similar rank. And to enjoy the attention of slaves 
  to her every whim! 

 However, it was lonely passing the time. Television watching seemed dull, 
  and watching a tape only whet her appetite for when she would have the chance 
  to dominate Andrea. 

 Janet longed for another Mistress in the house, and wished that Erica had 
  provided a surrogate for herself. It was agonizing watching the clock turn so 
  slowly! 

 Later in the evening, Andrea undressed her. Janet chose something simple: 
  a black bodysuit, thigh high boots, and opera length gloves. She chose to wear 
  PVC, because it seemed different and she had never worn anything with the fabric 
  before. 

 Since there were just the two of them, Janet had Andrea remove all her clothes. 
  Janet removed her chastity belt also, since she wanted to outfit Andrea the 
  way that she was usually prepared. 

 Janet locked the collar and bracelets on Andrea, then locked her hands together. 
  She attached a leash to her collar, and secured that to the bedpost. Finally, 
  she placed a blindfold over her eyes, cutting off Andrea's vision. Going though 
  the large collection of toys that Erica possessed, Janet found something different 
  than the usual ballgag. 

 This was a gag that had a molded phallus of thick rubber. It had a breathing 
  hole running though it, and closed by means of a roller buckle in the back. 

 "Open wide," ordered Janet. 

 Andrea did so, and Janet inserted the penis gag. Andrea's lips and teeth surrounded 
  the object, and Janet pulled it tight. She buckled it at the back of Andrea's 
  neck. 

 Just as a test, Janet started to pinch Andrea's exposed nipples. She twisted 
  the left harshly, as she wanted Andrea to make a response to her actions. 

 "Mmmmmph!" cried Andrea. 

 "Good girl," said Janet. 

 Janet admired her handiwork, and looked at the two of them in the bedroom 
  mirror. Could she really be a Mistress? She knew what she was already excited, 
  and the night had not yet begun. 

 Janet left Andrea locked and helpless in the bedroom. She wanted to do a little 
  more exploring, and she didn't want Andrea to spoil her fun. There was nothing 
  that she could while bound and helpless. 

 Janet then proceeded to search through the house, even if she didn't know 
  just what she had been looking for. With Andrea safely chained in a bedroom, 
  she knew that this would be her only chance to search undisturbed. But she still 
  believed that she was somehow being monitored. Probably even by Erica, since 
  this entire weekend was too good to be true. 

 Then she had it. Everyone acquires detritus in life. Papers, old stuff that 
  they get attached to and don't want to throw out. Either Erica had it stored 
  somewhere, or she lived a really clean life. 

 Suddenly that summer she spent cleaning out houses for estate sales and the 
  weird things that she had discovered didn't seem like such a waste after all. 

 She hurried back the bedroom; half expecting to see an empty leash attached 
  to the bedpost. Instead, Andrea was still seated naked on the bed just where 
  Janet had left her. 

 "Well, now," said Janet, "it seems that we have a date together, don't we?" 

 "Mmmmmph!" 

 "My exact words, too," said Janet. 

 Janet unlocked Andrea and pulled her to her feet. They went in the elevator 
  down to the Dungeon, and she knew that she was going to have some fun today 
  after all. 

 Andrea came along willingly, not that any girl in her position could offer 
  any real resistance. Moving along when her leash was pulled, she had been in 
  this position many times before. Now that she belonged to Janet for tonight, 
  it was going to be interesting to see just what would happen. 

 Janet looked over all the interesting things in the Dungeon. Earlier, she 
  had settled on what she would do to Andrea. Now the only question was, would 
  she be able to go through with it? 

 Against the Dungeon wall was something that Erica had not placed her on. It 
  was a big X frame with plenty of straps to hold some girl in place. It could 
  also turn completely around, leaving a girl upside down. 

 Janet pulled Andrea along to the X frame. She unlocked her leash and wrist 
  cuffs, then backed her onto the device. Janet had to make her step up and backwards 
  at the same time, since the thing was already about a foot off the Dungeon floor. 

 When Andrea resisted, Janet proceeded to pinch her right nipple until Andrea 
  squealed. Then her defiance ceased, and Janet had no trouble placing her in 
  the thing. 

 There were rings to attach to her bracelets, and a series of straps to hold 
  her in place. In a short time, Andrea was quite helpless. Janet then removed 
  her blindfold and ballgag. 

 "Better now?" asked Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Andrea. 

 "Now then," said Janet, "I think that the riding crop will do for a start." 

 "Yes, Mistress," said Andrea. 

 Janet selected the same crop that Andrea had used on her the previous evening. 
  It had a broad leather pad, one that would strike with a satisfying sound, yet 
  distribute the force of the impact over a wide area. It was a good thing to 
  start with. 

 Janet flexed the riding crop in her gloved hands. She knew full well that 
  Andrea was responsible for it's upkeep, but she had to demonstrate that she 
  knew how to handle it. 

 "Kiss the crop," ordered Janet. 

 When it was offered, Andrea did so without hesitation. Her cheeks still bore 
  the imprint of the heavy penis gag that she had worn for quite some time. 

 "You may count the strokes, Andrea," ordered Janet. 

 "One!" cried Andrea. 

 Janet had started on the same nipple that she had just pinched, knowing full 
  well that it was already sensitive. The crop left a large and satisfying red 
  mark on Andrea's aureole. 

 "Two!" 

 Janet struck Andrea inside her underarm, since the skin there was sensitive 
  since girls had to shave there. 

 "Five!" cried Andrea. 

 The fifth stroke landed on the flat of her stomach. 

 "Eight!" 

 "Ten!" cried Andrea, panting from the crop. 

 "There now, I see that you're finally in the mood," said Janet, "what do you 
  have to say?" 

 "Thank you, Mistress," replied Andrea. 

 "Good. Now we'll proceed." 

 With the crop's pad, Janet began to strike the inside of Andrea's thighs. 

 "Twelve!" 

 Before, Janet had struck many parts of Andrea's figure. Now she was limiting 
  herself to Andrea's sex and her thighs. Andrea squirmed and tried to pull away, 
  but she was held fast by the bracelets and straps. 

 "Eighteen!" cried Andrea, tears streaming down her cheeks. 

 The strokes weren't very hard, but they did produce an excellent sound. Rather 
  by striking Andrea in the same places time after time, she was causing her slave 
  girl real distress. 

 "Twenty! Mistress, please, no more between my legs," cried Andrea. 

 "Kiss the crop," ordered Janet. 

 Once Andrea did as she was ordered, Janet began again. This time by striking 
  at Andrea's breasts her underarms, and stomach. Andrea counted each one, panting 
  and on the verge of tears. 

 "Thirty!" 

 "That's enough for now," said Janet. "Let's see just how good a slave girl 
  you really are." 

 Janet fingered Andrea's sex and found that she was wet. Since Janet had been 
  between her legs last night, she knew that Andrea was insatiable. 

 Unlocking the X frame, she slowly turned the bound girl in a complete 360 
  degree turn. The bracelets held her fast to the frame, and the straps also held 
  her in place. 

 After two turns, she again locked Andrea in the upright position. Andrea seemed 
  no worse for wear after having been turned upside down twice, but Janet didn't 
  want to take any chances. She decided that the X frame was a good thing for 
  show, but not very practical to use. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," cried Andrea. 

 Janet then selected the same cat that Andrea had also used on her, but she 
  suddenly decided that there had to be a better way of confining her charge. 

 She unlocked Andrea from the X frame, and decided that simplest was best. 
  So Andrea was soon bound with her hands hanging together from the ceiling chain, 
  and a spreader bar to keep her legs apart. Andrea was much more accessible that 
  way. 

 "Do you enjoy being a slave, Andrea?" asked Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Andrea. 

 "Good, then I shall try my absolute best to make you feel uncomfortable tonight. 
  You'd like that, wouldn't you?" 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Janet circled her bound captive, and chose Andrea's bottom. She lashed out, 
  and the cat struck with deadly effect. Each leather tipped strand left a thin 
  red welt when it sliced though Andrea's flesh. 

 "Owwww!" cried Andrea. 

 Janet had told Andrea that she was freed from counting each stroke, and her 
  charge moaned and cried with every impact. While Andrea had been restrained 
  in the use of punishment the previous night, Janet had decided that since she 
  had been so nice today by not interfering with Andrea's work she was now free 
  to place her in as much distress as possible. 

 "Owww!" 

 Janet steadily increased the severity of each stroke until she matched that 
  of Erica's. She could see that Andrea was steadily heating up, as droplets of 
  her sweat began to trickle down her reddened flesh. 

 The cat was a vicious instrument of torment. No wonder the flogger, with softer 
  strands was the preferred instrument. However, Janet wanted to make her impression 
  on Andrea. It was highly likely that one day Janet would feel Andrea's lash 
  again. But Janet knew that it would be a long time, if ever before she would 
  get the chance to discipline Andrea again! 

 Once Janet was satisfied that Andrea was in real pain again, she offered the 
  handle to her lips. Andrea, without having to be told, quickly began to kiss 
  the handle. 

 "What do you have to say?" asked Janet. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," cried Andrea. 

 "You have a nice situation here. Living with Mistress Erica, preparing all 
  of her girls for use, occasionally having the use of a girl. I think that it's 
  right for a change for you to be on the business end of the whip. Don't you 
  agree?" 

 "Yes, Mistress," cried Andrea. 

 Satisfying as the cat had been, it was now time for something else. In a cabinet, 
  she found the same clamps that Stephanie had introduced her to. She displayed 
  them to Andrea. 

 "Perhaps we should make this more interesting," said Janet. 

 "No!" cried Andrea, "not on my nipples!" 

 "Where else?" asked Janet. 

 It took no time for the hated clips to adorn Andrea's nipples and pussy lips. 
  Janet wondered just why Andrea, who was Erica's maid, didn't wear a medallion 
  like Tiffany? After all, since she was her Maid and presumably her number one 
  slave, it would have seemed only natural. Instead there was no mark or medallion, 
  and Janet placed the clips on her pussy lips. Andrea thrashed and moaned, and 
  Janet pulled at a few of her pussy hairs. 

 Under the PVC outfit that she wore, and under her panties, she remembered 
  that her sex was totally bare. Just before she would leave the next morning, 
  Janet would again be shaved to prevent her pubic hair from growing back. She 
  hoped that when Andrea shaved her, she would not try to exact revenge for her 
  current ordeal. 

 Once the clips were, Janet decided that it was time to caress and fondle Andrea. 
  She pulled at her breasts and behind, and felt her ribs through her stretched 
  skin. The respite from being whipped seemed to fortify Andrea, as her body ceased 
  quivering from the punishment that Janet had delivered. 

 Janet removed a coiled leather whip. She had always wanted to see the whip 
  wrap itself around Andrea's figure. 

 "No, Mistress," cried Andrea, "not the whip, too!" 

 "You're here to please your Mistress, aren't you? Well, you can please me 
  by taking the whip." 

 Hanging by her chains, Andrea dejectedly waited the whip to fall. When it 
  began to strike her naked and exposed body, she shrieked at Janet's continued 
  punishment. 

 "Mistress, please," cried Andrea, "no more. I'm yours, please!" 

 "Good, good. Just a little more now," soothed Janet. 

 After a few more strokes, Andrea began to sob. Janet reached between her legs 
  and found that Andrea was sopping wet and ready to climax. 

 "Mercy, Mistress!" cried Andrea. "Mercy!" 

 Janet stopped and offered the whip's handle to Andrea. She kissed it like 
  a passionate lover, not like an instrument of torment. 

 "Enough, Andrea?" asked. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," said Andrea, "Thank you for punishing me." 

 "You're welcome, Andrea. Now let's see just what else we can do together," 
  said Janet. 

 Janet let Andrea down, but did not remove her clips. She wanted Andrea to 
  wear them until they were together in the bedroom shortly. She locked Andrea's 
  wrists together and attached the leash to her collar. Janet did not bother to 
  either blindfold or gag her, since it was her house that she served it. 

 Instead, she led Andrea by her collar chain upstairs to the same bedroom where 
  she had been used the previous night. Once there, she brandished a crop that 
  had placed there before and flexed it again and again. 

 "You're not going to give me any trouble, are you?" asked Janet. 

 "No, Mistress." 

 Janet took off all of her PVC garments and neatly folded them on a chair. 
  She loved their feel, and wondered if they were easier to care for than either 
  leather or rubber. That was another question that would have to be answered 
  in the future. 

 "Come here," ordered Janet. 

 Andrea had been standing in the bedroom, waiting for Janet's order. Now she 
  walked over to Janet and the naked dominant and slave stood facing one another. 

 Janet removed her clips, and Andrea moaned when each one was taken off her. 
  Andrea looked visibly relieved that her ordeal was over. 

 "Well now. I guess that it's time to see if you can please your Mistress in 
  other ways," said Janet. "Now get between my legs. I want to see what you can 
  do!" 

 With her wrists locked behind her back, Andrea knelt on the floor and placed 
  her mouth between Janet's legs. Having been a slave for many years, she knew 
  how to please her Mistress. In no time, she had Janet moaning with pleasure. 

 Janet spurred her on with light taps from the riding crop on her shoulders, 
  and Andrea ignored them to concentrate on her sex instead. Once Janet had climaxed, 
  Janet locked her collar chain to the ringbolt set in the wall and turned out 
  the lights. 

 Janet used her all night until they both were worn out, and she was satisfied 
  when she finally fell asleep. * * * * The next morning, Janet sat rock still 
  as her sex was again shaven. She was worried that Andrea might nick or cut her, 
  but nothing happened. Janet knew that if Andrea somehow damaged her, it would 
  be Erica who Andrea would have to face. And Janet knew that Andrea did not want 
  to incur Erica's wrath. 

 Part Two: Training's End 

 "Do you know what today is?" Erica demanded. 

 Janet sat in the library chair directly in front of Mistress Erica, frightened 
  by the tone of Erica's voice, which had taken on a harsh character. She had 
  been looking forward all week to seeing her Mistress again, and now she was 
  scared by Erica's voice. 

 "No, Mistress," Janet answered. 

 "It is a year since you first came into my service, Janet. Surely a girl like 
  you would have realized that?" questioned Erica. 

 "I'm sorry, Mistress," Janet answered. 

 "Do you remember what I once said to you, a year ago?" 

 "No, Mistress," Janet answered. 

 "That at the conclusion of your training, I would use you harshly. Do you 
  remember?" 

 "No, Mistress," Janet replied, shaken. 

 "This weekend will be your final test. You can back out now, if you wish. 
  Do you understand that you are now truly my slave?" 

 "Yes, Mistress," Janet answered. 

 Suddenly, Janet realized, that no matter how harshly Erica said that she would 
  use her, Janet didn't care. In the year since she had began to serve Erica, 
  her sexual perceptions had changed. She longed to wear a collar, and be striped. 
  To feel her sex used with a dildo, and clamps on her nipples. Janet's sex grew 
  wet just thinking about it, and at work she dreamed of seeing her female co-workers, 
  naked and under the lash. Erica was right, Janet had been transformed into being 
  a slave. 

 "Will you make your final submission to me?" asked Erica. 

 "Yes, Mistress," Janet assented, "I'll do whatever you ask." 

 "Andrea!" Erica called. 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Andrea when she opened the library doors. 

 "Get Janet prepared," ordered Erica, "in the cell, special preparations." 

 "Yes, Mistress," replied Andrea, "come with me, Janet." 

 When they were outside the library, Janet turned to Andrea. 

 "Aren't you going to take me to the bedroom first?" asked Janet. 

 "No," said Andrea, "and there will be a special punishment for your asking." 

 Janet was led downstairs to the Dungeon by Andrea, following behind by two 
  steps. On the cell bed, neatly laid out, were the things that would again place 
  her into slavery. 

 "Strip," ordered Andrea, "quickly." 

 Janet divested herself of her blouse, skirt, heels, and underwear, and soon 
  stood naked in front of Andrea. She shivered, even though the Dungeon was quite 
  warm. Andrea quickly took a collar, and locked it around Janet's neck. After 
  that, her wrists and ankles soon were braceleted to match. Then Andrea took 
  a wide belt, and locked that around Janet's waist. She then locked another belt 
  to the first, upon which Janet could see a butt plug and dildo. Both of her 
  holes would be filled! 

 Andrea got a jar of lubricant, opened it, and spread Janet's ass cheeks apart 
  and pushed some of the stuff inside her. She coated the butt plug as well, then 
  drew the belt upwards between Janet's legs. Andrea then pulled Janet's ass cheeks 
  open, and gradually worked the butt plug inside her behind. Finally, after much 
  effort, the wide portion passed inside her anal sphincter, and her muscles closed 
  over the narrower tapered section. The dildo entered her already wet sex much 
  easier, and Andrea then locked the second belt firmly to the front of the first. 

 Janet had stood in silence, her hands free as her orifices were violated by 
  the rubber invaders. She swallowed, wondering what would happen next. 

 "Hands behind your back," ordered Andrea. 

 Janet did as she was told, and she heard a tiny lock click shut at her back. 
  Both of her wrists were now locked to the belt. The slightest motion that she 
  made pulled at the dildo and butt plug. 

 "Stand still." 

 A rubber phallus gag, with a breathing hole, was inserted into Janet's mouth 
  and buckled shut. Finally, a leather blindfold completed Janet's helplessness. 
  Then Janet felt her already erect nipples being teased even further, and clamps 
  linked by a thin chain were finally attached. 

 "Mmmmmph!" cried Janet. 

 For her muffled protest, Janet was rewarded with several harsh strokes with 
  a riding crop across her exposed thighs. The crop stung, it's effect multiplied 
  by Janet's helpless bound state. Andrea then pulled her over to the wall, every 
  step one of erotic agony with the things inside her, and lock her collar to 
  something. Janet made a step, and found that she was locked by a chain to the 
  wall. 

 She then heard the cell door close shut with a bang. She was alone! 

 In all of the times that she had been bound before, it had been impressed 
  upon her that either Erica or Andrea would be close at hand, should anything 
  happen. But here she was, totally bound, and alone! Janet shivered. 

 It didn't take long before the first orgasm hit, shaking her, reducing her 
  to nothing as wave after wave of sexual climaxes coursed through her. Janet 
  could not count the passage of time, and did not know how many minutes or hours 
  elapsed as she remained bound by Andrea. Her lips and teeth surrounded the phallus 
  gag, and it pushed against the roof of her mouth. She breathed carefully through 
  the gag, making each breath count. Strangely enough, Andrea had not bound her 
  feet into the usual high heels. Janet's feet were bare on the stone floor, nor 
  was she hobbled. 

 Janet wondered what Erica's intentions were in having her bound this way. 
  If it was meant to embarrass her, Janet felt no shame. Finally, after a year, 
  all of the sexual conflicts within her had ceased. Nor was her change gradual 
  or slow. Rather, Janet had instead looked forward to seeing Erica every weekend. 
  Being naked and bound, feeling Erica's lash on her body. Merely the thought 
  got Janet excited and aroused, making her desire her Mistress. 

 The door opened and Janet heard footsteps enter the cell. Janet moaned when 
  she felt a hand cup one of her breasts and pull at the thin chain attached to 
  the nipple clamps. 

 "Mmmmph," Janet moaned. 

 Her answer was another series of strokes, administered even more firmly than 
  the first few, on the outside of her thighs. The thin riding crop left a vicious 
  stripe, and Janet knew that it had been done hard enough to mark her. 

 "Silence," ordered Erica. 

 Janet stood in silence, and was surprised when Erica removed her leather blindfold, 
  followed by the phallus gag. When it left her mouth, Janet took several deep 
  breaths, her chest heaving. 

 "Thank you, Mistress Erica," gasped Janet. 

 "You're welcome, Janet." 

 Next to be removed were the clamps on her nipples, which burned when they 
  were set free. Erica toyed with Janet's right nipple, and her slave stayed silent. 
  Then Erica released the belt holding the dildo and butt plug inside Janet. The 
  dildo slid out easily, coated with Janet's juices, which made the thing glisten 
  in the light. Janet opened her legs, and Erica had to gradually pull out the 
  butt plug in stages so as not to injure Janet's behind. Finally, it was totally 
  removed, and Erica unlocked one belt from another. 

 Erica then removed the dildo from the belt, and displayed it for Janet. 

 "Taste yourself," ordered Erica. 

 Janet replied to Erica's offer by opening her mouth, and Erica held the dildo 
  as Janet tongue and lips began to work on the phallus. Janet tasted her own 
  secretions, just as she had of other's and her own since she had entered Erica's 
  service. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," said Janet when the dildo had been removed. 

 "You're welcome, Janet. I'm going to release you now, so that you can use 
  the bathroom to clean yourself up. Then I'm going to use you, harshly. Do you 
  understand?" asked Erica. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 In the Dungeon there was a small bathroom, composed of a mirror,sink, toilet, 
  medicine cabinet, and towel rack. Janet cleaned out her behind with toilet paper 
  and petroleum jelly, then used a douche and scented towelettes for her sex. 
  She washed her face, and stared at herself in the mirror, naked, her wrists 
  and neck in leather. She replaced the towel on the rack, then walked outside, 
  to where Erica was waiting. 

 Erica was wearing just a simple white linen blouse, leather skirt, and modest 
  heels. But it had the same effect as if she was wearing a black leather Catsuit, 
  in full Domme regalia. 

 "Are you ready?" asked Erica. 

 "Yes, Mistress, I'll do whatever you ask," Janet answered. 

 "The X-frame," ordered Erica. 

 Erica soon secured Janet to the X-frame, her wrists and ankles bound to the 
  heavy wood with thick leather straps. The belt around Janet's waist was secured 
  also with metal chains, making her immobile against the device. 

 The instrument of choice was a riding crop, a thin one that Janet knew would 
  hurt her the most. Erica bent it between her two hands to display it's stiffness. 

 "Are you ready?" demanded Erica. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Do I have your permission to use you in any way I choose?" Erica softly asked. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Erica began to use the crop slowly, almost gently. Each stroke was delivered 
  carefully, never striking the same place twice. But gradually, Erica increased 
  the severity of her strokes, marking Janet with each one. Erica glanced at Janet 
  after every series was completed, and saw tears form at Janet's eyes. 

 The Mistress continued with only brief pauses, without remorse, as she used 
  Janet. Her slave's skin soon was colored a dun red from the abuse that it took. 
  Erica then used the crop between Janet's thighs, making her moan and pull at 
  her bonds. 

 "Had enough, Janet?" asked Erica. 

 "No, Mistress," Janet tearfully answered. 

 Janet had never been used either so harshly or so long before by Erica. True 
  to her word, her Mistress was now using her just like she said she would. Her 
  skin and sex were on fire, and Erica continued to use her once more! 

 The word "Mercy" caught in Janet's throat. It was now or never, Janet realized. 
  Erica would continue to crop her until she passed out, or worse, or use her 
  in some other manner. Her flesh could take no more. 

 "Mistress," Janet cried, "mercy, please," as tears ran down her cheeks. 

 Erica stopped as quickly as she had started. She looked at her crying slave, 
  and beat the crop against her own thigh. 

 "Very good, Janet, very good. Andrea!" Erica called. 

 Andrea must have been waiting outside, because she walked into the Dungeon 
  almost immediately after Erica's summoning her. 

 "Release Janet, get her cleaned up and tend to her skin, then chain her in 
  my bedroom," ordered Erica, steel in her voice. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Janet felt enormously relieved when she was let down, bathed (her skin and 
  hair was covered in sweat) and she was allowed to rest. She didn't ask Andrea 
  anything, nor did Andrea offer her any comfort either. All of Janet exposed 
  flesh had been cropped. From her sensitive underarms to her exposed sex, and 
  the outside of her thighs and legs. Finally, she was chained at the foot of 
  Erica's bed. 

 Her skin, though heavily used, was not quite as damaged as Janet thought it 
  had been. She hurt, but not as bad as some other times. Why then, had she called 
  mercy? What was different about tonight's use? Was it the fierce look in Erica's 
  eyes, and the feeling that Erica would somehow not stop? 

 Erica entered her bedroom, wearing a short terry robe and slippers. Her long 
  back hair was brushed back, and she had just bathed. She walked over to Janet. 
  who was kneeling on the floor, and unlocked her collar chair. Janet expected 
  that she would be ordered between Erica's legs. 

 Instead, her Mistress then selected a hairbrush and ordered Janet over her 
  knees. Janet was then beaten casually on her behind with the brush until her 
  behind was bright red. 

 "Now you're ready," said Erica. 

 Erica removed her robe and slippers, and lay back, naked on the thin summer 
  quilt. She was the most attractive and beautiful woman that Janet had ever seen, 
  and she longed with desire for her Mistress. 

 "Satisfy me, Janet," ordered Erica as she opened her legs, "or else you will 
  be further used." 

 Janet crawled on the bed, and got between Erica's legs. Dutifully, she proceeded 
  to service Erica, giving her Mistress one orgasm after another. On the night 
  table was a riding crop and the hairbrush, but Erica found no use for either. 
  Janet satisfied her Mistress until they both were exhausted, and Janet was surprised 
  that her collar wasn't chained to wall. 

 "Do you love me?" asked Erica. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Good. Go to sleep, Janet. You have done well tonight, both in the Dungeon 
  and my bed." 

 "Thank you, Mistress," answered Janet. 

 They both soon fell asleep, and Janet noted the smile on Erica's lips. During 
  the night, Janet had awakened and looked at Erica again. Erica's face looked 
  troubled, tormented in her sleep. What, Janet wondered, was bothering her Mistress 
  so? * * * * * The next day, Janet was bathed, fed, and worked with Andrea, naked, 
  just as she had done on her first day with Erica, one year before. Except that 
  she was alone in slavery, without her companion, Tiffany. 

 Janet tried hard to make no mistakes, and even so, Andrea still found a reason 
  to take the crop and use her in the library. After serving Erica dinner, she 
  ate in the kitchen alone, then was chained in the downstairs bedroom to wait 
  for events later that evening. 

 Finally, Andrea took her without ceremony down to the Dungeon. Her arms were 
  secured to a chain from the ceiling, and her legs were opened by a spreader 
  bar. She was completely vulnerable to the whip. She was then raised so that 
  her feet were just touching the floor. 

 She wasn't gagged or blindfolded, just left to hang there, alone. The sound 
  of the door slamming shut was like the crack of doom in the Dungeon. Janet had 
  never felt so alone, or so scared, in the time that she had been serving Erica. 

 After what seemed like an eternity, the door opened to admit both Erica and 
  Andrea. Erica wore a black PVC bodysuit and boots with modest heels, and Andrea 
  was wearing a short leather dress. 

 "Janet," began Erica as she stood in front of Janet, "do you accept whatever 
  discipline that I am about to administer?" 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Even if I shall draw blood?" 

 Janet looked at her beloved Mistress Erica, unable to believe what she was 
  now hearing from her. All of her training, everything that she had learned. 
  From being a slave to holding the whip herself, Janet had acquired the knowledge 
  of what a Domme's conduct should be. 

 "No!" cried Janet summoning her courage, "no, Mistress! You've never treated 
  me, or any other slave this way before in my presence. Even when I was loaned 
  to Mistress Stephanie she never treated me this way. No!" 

 Janet was not sure what would happen next. Would Erica now beat her without 
  mercy? There was dead silence in the Dungeon. 

 "Andrea, release Janet and conduct her to the library in ten minutes. I shall 
  see her there," ordered Erica. 

 "Mistress? Are you throwing me out?" begged Janet. 

 "Ten minutes, Andrea. And give her something to wear." 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Janet watched in silence as Erica departed the Dungeon. 

 "Did I give the wrong answer?" Janet asked Andrea as she was being released. 

 "No, Janet. You gave the right one," said Andrea. 

 Janet was released, given a robe and a pair of slippers, and conducted into 
  the library. Erica was seated behind the desk. 

 "Come in Janet," welcomed Erica, "and close the door behind you." 

 "Yes, Mistress," replied Janet as she did as Erica had ordered. 

 "You've done very well, Janet. You went to the brink, and then you refused 
  me." 

 "Mistress? I don't understand," said Janet, confused by what Erica had said. 

 "Janet, it's not my place as a Domme to beat you until you bleed, or maim, 
  or worse. I had to see if you had understood all of your training, if you would 
  finally refuse me. You did not fail, Janet. You passed." 

 Janet remained speechless, not knowing how to respond. 

 "I didn't gag you, Janet. Feel free to respond," said Erica, a smile on her 
  face. 

 "I don't understand, Mistress Erica," repeated Janet. 

 "As a Domme, I have great power. But with that power comes great responsibility 
  also. You have learned that being on both ends of the whip. You must always 
  remember that Janet, for that is what I have taught you." 

 "Yes, Mistress," Janet answered * * * * * That night, Janet slept in a bedroom, 
  alone. Though she still wore her collar and bracelets, she wasn't chained, leaving 
  her free. After tossing and turning, she finally walked, naked to Erica's bedroom, 
  and knocked on the door. 

 "Enter," said Erica within. 

 Janet opened the door, and found Erica sitting up in bed, reading a book. 

 "Yes, Janet?" 

 "Mistress, may I spend the night?" Janet asked. 

 "Yes, Janet," said Erica, "but don't plan on getting any sleep." 

 Janet jumped into bed, and soon was making love to her Mistress. She buried 
  her face between Erica legs, and her tongue passed between Erica's pussy lips. 
  Janet made certain to excite and pleasure her Mistress, her attentions centering 
  on Erica's clit. She made sure to give her Mistress one orgasm after another. 
  Erica moaned under Janet's attentions. Unlike the previous night, this was enjoyable 
  and satisfying. Erica seemed changed, and happy. 

 Then Erica ordered Janet onto her back, and unlike the previous night, Janet 
  received pleasure from her Mistress. Janet loved how Erica sucked and tongued 
  her sex, driving her to one climax, then another. But when Erica finally attended 
  to her love bud, Janet moaned and bucked in response. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," said Janet when they were both finally exhausted. 

 "You're welcome, Janet." 

 "I love you, Mistress Erica," said Janet. 

 "Go to sleep, Janet," Erica ordered, "there will be many more times you will 
  serve me." 

 Janet dropped off to an exhausted sleep. During the night, she awoke. Looking 
  at her Mistress in the darkness, she saw that Erica was tossing and turning. 
  Erica seemed to be deeply troubled in sleep, the names of Janet and Tiffany 
  escaping her lips. 

 It wasn't until two nights later, when Janet was alone at home in her bed 
  that she had the sudden premonition that she would never see Mistress Erica 
  again, and she stared at the ceiling until far into the night.

The End of Chapter Six 




Janet in Training
Chapter Seven: A Terrible Phone Call

Janet Davis turned uneasily in her bed, as she had not been able to get any 
  sleep at all that night. It was not the traffic or anything in particular that 
  was keeping her awake. Rather, it was just a feeling that something was wrong. 
  She had tried everything to get to sleep, even taking a pill. But nothing had 
  worked, and the digital clock by her bed mocked her as it recorded the passing 
  of time. 

 It had already been one weekend since she had last seen Mistress Erica and 
  Andrea. Janet had suddenly realized just how much she missed being a slave by 
  the absence of her normal weekend routine. Instead of the limo to Greenwich 
  and the sexual thrill of submission, she had merely spent the time alone in 
  her apartment. Her friends had long since abandoned the idea of asking her for 
  a Saturday night out. None of them had any idea just what she had been doing 
  for the last year. They had either assumed (As any girl might) that she already 
  had a lover, or that she was just not interested in socializing with them. Janet 
  wondered how they might react if they knew that she spent her time in naked 
  submission to another woman. 

 The usual phone call had not come earlier in the week, leaving her disappointed 
  and frustrated. In desperation, she had gone to a local video store and rented 
  two fetish films. The boxes had pictures of bound naked girls, and Janet glanced 
  at the description. When she handed her choices to the salesclerk, the girl 
  showed a little surprise. Janet walked out of the store, her selections wrapped 
  in a plastic bag. 

 All that watching them that night had done was to increase her desire to see 
  Mistress Erica. She stripped off her clothing and instead watched the tapes 
  naked wearing only her collar and bracelets. Her nipples became erect and her 
  heart beat faster. She could not keep her fingers away from her shaven sex, 
  her fingers following the fine tracery of lines across her skin. The marks that 
  bonded her to Mistress Erica! 

 While she was glad that the next day was Saturday, she hoped that she would 
  find something to pass the time. It was going to be a lonely weekend without 
  going to Erica's, and she missed Erica and her lash. Janet wondered why Erica 
  had not simply sent her to Stephanie's for the weekend, as she had done before. 
  Instead, Janet was left alone for the weekend. 

 The sudden electronic buzz of the phone startled Janet. The clock said 5 AM, 
  and who could be calling her at this hour? 

 "Hello?" she asked as she picked up the receiver. 

 "Janet?" asked the caller. 

 "Tiffany?" asked Janet. 

 The voice sounded like Tiffany, but how could that be? They were forbidden 
  to trade numbers, let alone last names. No, they were just property in the Dungeon. 
  So how could Tiffany have located her? 

 "Janet, I have some bad news for you. I just got a call from Erica's lawyer. 
  There's been a terrible accident! Erica and Andrea were both killed in a plane 
  accident in Mexico." 

 "Tiffany, you must be joking," said Janet. 

 "Look, I'm serious. The lawyer will be calling you too. She gave me your number 
  so that I could call you first to break the news." 

 When the realization that the news of Mistress Erica's death might just be 
  true, Janet went cold inside. From the time that she had been a slave girl, 
  she had been prevented from getting to know Tiffany in any way. It was hard 
  to trade phone number when your mouth was filled by a ballgag, or when being 
  chained in a Dungeon. It was only because of a tragedy that Tiffany might get 
  Janet's number at all. 

 "Janet, are you still there?" asked Tiffany. 

 "Yes, I'm just choked up, that's all. I just can't believe it." 

 "I know, I had the same feeling. Let me get off the line, so the lawyer can 
  call you. Here is my number so you can call me tomorrow. So that we can get 
  together, OK?" 

 Grabbing a pen, Janet wrote down her full name and number. In turn, she gave 
  Tiffany hers. The two of them, who had shared so much before, could now finally 
  share their names together! 

 Her head spun with the news that Erica might be gone, that she would no longer 
  be a slave girl to the Mistress that had introduced her to slavery. What would 
  her life be composed of now? Would she be free? She fingered the ring on her 
  index finger, with the incised links of chain on its surface. 

 In a few moments, the phone rang. 

 "Hello?" asked Janet. 

 "Is this Janet Davis?" asked a female voice that sounded vaguely familiar. 

 "Yes," trembled Janet. 

 "My name is Blanca Sanchez, Erica Riken's lawyer. I'm calling to notify you 
  of a tragedy, since Erica requested that if anything were ever to happen to 
  her, you and Tiffany Gray are to be contacted." 

 "Thank you," stuttered Janet. 

 "I'll call with the funeral arrangements. You and Tiffany will be inheriting 
  Erica's estate, by the way. So you have to come to my office in Manhattan." 

 "What about her family?" asked Janet. 

 "She had no family or relatives. That is why you and Tiffany have inherited 
  the estate, but there are some conditions that will be explained to you, else 
  you forfeit your rights. But that can be explained later." 

 Janet took down the lawyer's name and number, and was assured that she could 
  be contacted day and night if needed. 

 "Thank you," said Janet. "Do I know you? Your voice sounds very familiar, 
  Blanca." 

 "It should. Last time we met, you called me Mistress Blanca and we met at 
  Mistress Stephanie's House. You took my stripes very well." 

 Janet was speechless, the next words caught in her throat. 

 "Are you still on the line, Miss Davis?" questioned Blanca. 

 "Yes," answered Janet. 

 "Don't be fearful, I'm not going to discipline you for improper address! I'm 
  calling to fulfill my legal duties to the estate of Erica, my friend and client. 
  So don't be afraid!" 

 "Yes, Blanca," answered Janet. 

 "Good. I shall call you soon with the funeral details, and when we must meet 
  to talk about the estate." 

 "Thank you," said Janet. 

 "Good bye, Janet," said Blanca. 

 "Bye," said Janet as she put the phone down. 

 Shock after shock! Tiffany calling her with the news, then Blanca calls also! 
  Then finding out that Blanca was both a Mistress and Erica's lawyer, and that 
  she and Tiffany were going to inherit the estate! 

 Even though it was summer and the apartment was over eighty, Janet felt cold 
  and lonely that night. She fingered her collar and bracelets, and curled up 
  in a ball under the cold sweaty sheets. Was she really free? 

 The next day, Janet slept late. It wasn't until a truck backfired that she 
  finally woke up, and found that it was Ten AM. She unlocked her bracelets and 
  collar, dressed and made coffee. She read the paper dejectedly, not caring about 
  its contents. All she saw was the ring on her index finger. 

 Next to the phone were the numbers that she had written down before dawn. 
  She had somehow wanted to believe that it was all a dream, and that none of 
  it had happened. But instead, the numbers mocked her. 

 Buzz! 

 When she heard the phone, she somehow hoped that it might be the lawyer calling 
  her to say that it had all been a horrible mistake. 

 "Hello?" asked Janet. 

 "Janet, its Tiffany. How are you feeling?" 

 "Lousy." 

 "Look, I was calling to say let's get together. Tonight for dinner," Tiffany 
  suggested. 

 "I don't really feel like eating out," Janet answered. 

 "No, I'll cook. We'll eat, talk, and split a bottle of wine. Besides, misery 
  loves company. So don't be alone," said Tiffany. 

 "Really, I don't think so," said Janet. 

 "Please, Janet! What else do you have to do tonight besides cry? I don't want 
  to be alone either, so join me. I promise I won't poison you, my cooking isn't 
  that bad." 

 "All right," Janet answered, "where do you live?" 

 Janet found that Tiffany lived not far from her in a rented house just over 
  the border in Nassau. For a long time she had considered selling her car, since 
  she had previously only used it on weekends. Now she backed it out of her parking 
  space, leaving her neighbors to wonder why she didn't go away by limo the previous 
  evening. 

 Tiffany lived a suburb like Janet's except that she rented the lower floor 
  of a two family house. She parked in the large driveway behind Tiffany's blue 
  car, and Tiffany was waiting for her at the door. 

 "Did you find my directions easy?" asked Tiffany. 

 "Sure," said Janet as she entered the apartment. 

 The house was small, and Tiffany had a small foyer, closet, living room, kitchen, 
  and bedroom. The rooms were OK, but small. 

 "I also have the use of the backyard. My landlord has a BBQ, so I cook outside." 

 "Nice. I can't do that at my apartment," said Janet. 

 "How about a drink?" 

 "Wine OK?" 

 "Fine." 

 Tiffany had prepared for her guest, and she opened a bottle of white wine 
  and poured two glasses. They sat down in the living room, an awkward silence 
  between them. 

 "Well," said Tiffany after taking a sip of her drink, "what now?" 

 "About what? Erica's gone." 

 "We're free!" said Tiffany. 

 "No," answered Janet sipping from her glass, "we'll never be free." 

 "What do you mean by that?" questioned Tiffany. 

 "The things we've done and seen, the marks on our bodies. Your ring and my 
  shaved sex are reminders of the life we led as slaves. The Dominants and Slaves 
  we've met. No, we're not free." 

 "You have a sense of the dramatic," said Tiffany. 

 "No. Erica would not let us off from being slaves so easily, and I have a 
  feeling that she had something planned for after her death." 

 "We'll go to the funeral, see what the lawyer has to say. And then go on from 
  there," said Tiffany. 

 At that moment a bell went off in the kitchen, cutting off further conversation. 
  Tiffany jumped up, and walked into the kitchen. 

 "Chicken's ready," called Tiffany, holding an oven mitt. 

 Much to her surprise, going to Tiffany's did improve her spirit. Instead of 
  eating alone at her apartment, Janet enjoyed going out and being with someone 
  else. It was strange to be eating during the weekend wearing clothes, as she 
  was usually naked. 

 Tiffany had prepared a nice dinner of baked chicken, potatoes, a vegetable, 
  and cake. She was a good host, and Janet enjoyed the company. After eating, 
  they took their coffee and cake outside. 

 "That was very nice," complimented Janet. 

 "Thank you. I hate eating alone." 

 "Ever live with a guy?" asked Janet. 

 "Sure. They all treated me like a dumb blonde, and they all ended up cheating 
  on me." 

 "How did you......?" 

 "Become a slave? I met some girl at a party who showed me her whip marks, 
  I got introduced around, and I met someone. She wasn't a very good Dominant, 
  but I eventually found Erica. Made my life more exciting. You?" 

 "I got bored, and a friend introduced me." 

 "At least you didn't take up something dangerous. Like skydiving," laughed 
  Tiffany. 

 Janet chuckled. It was the first she felt good in days, since she had not 
  seen Erica in two weeks. Tiffany had lifted her morose spirits. 

 "Do you want to see a movie? Go dancing?" asked Tiffany. 

 "I haven't done any of those things for a long time," answered Janet. 

 "Neither have I. For at least three years, now. God, I wouldn't know where 
  to go," said Tiffany. 

 When Janet had arrived, there wasn't a cloud in the sky. Now the sky boiled, 
  and the wind was picking up. 

 "Was there any rain forecast?" asked Janet. 

 "Probably a summer thunderstorm. Did you close your car window?" 

 "No," said Janet, rising from her chair. 

 They both ran to the driveway and Janet rolled up her window just in time 
  to hear the first peal of thunder. Then the sky broke, and it was like a solid 
  wall of water coming down. 

 "Wow!" yelled Tiffany. 

 They both made a dash for the back door. Even though the rain had only lasted 
  for seconds, they were both soaking wet by the time they got inside. Both took 
  deep breaths and looked at each other, and saw that their clothes were plastered 
  to each other. 

 "Better get out of these clothes," said Tiffany. 

 "I didn't bring anything," answered Janet. 

 "You didn't need anything at Erica's, did you? I think I can find something 
  for you to wear," replied Tiffany. 

 The two girls went to the bedroom, and Tiffany took all her clothes off. She 
  was soaked all the way down to the skin, and her underwear stuck to her. Tiffany 
  removed her bra and panties, and grabbed a towel from the bathroom. She toweled 
  herself dry, then went into the bathroom to dry her hair. 

 "What are you waiting for, a cold?" asked Tiffany. 

 Janet stripped, and dried herself off also. She joined Tiffany, who passed 
  her dryer and brush to her. She looked in the mirror, and saw a familiar sight: 
  the two of them naked. Except that they were not wearing collars, or any of 
  the usual implements. 

 Going into the bathroom, Tiffany hung their wet clothes on hangers to dry. 
  Their clothes were soaked, and would need the whole night to dry. 

 Crash! Janet had knocked into a box, and had sent plastic pieces flying all 
  over Tiffany's closet as she searched for something to wear. 

 "Are you all right?" asked Tiffany. 

 "Just knocked something over," answered Janet. 

 "Damn, I told my nephews not to put Conquest in the closet," stated Tiffany, 
  "I keep the game so that they have something to play when my sister visits." 

 The two naked girls bent down on the floor and sort the cards and plastic 
  pieces of the war game. 

 "You really made a mess," observed Tiffany. 

 "If this was Erica's house, I would have been punished," laughed Janet. 

 "Do you play?" asked Tiffany. 

 "My brother taught me, and I learned on my own. Don't play me though, I'm 
  a killer. When I finished college, nobody would play me in the dorm or the student 
  center," proudly boasted Janet. 

 "Really," answered Tiffany, a smile on her face. 

 When Janet was buttoning a shirt, Tiffany reached over and kissed her. Suddenly 
  all of Janet's desires for the last two weeks boiled over. She grabbed Tiffany, 
  and they fell on the bed. 

 "A little early, isn't it?" asked Tiffany. 

 "Who cares?" 

 "Then use me, Janet," said Tiffany, "hard." 

 When they got under the covers, Janet obliged her companion. Since there was 
  no clock facing the bed, she never knew just how long they went at it before 
  they fell asleep. But the sky was long dark and the traffic ceased long before 
  they did.

* * * * 

Erica's and Andrea's funeral was held two days later. There were no coffins, 
  and Janet did not recognize anyone except for Blanca, Stephanie, and Camille. 
  After the service, which was thankfully short, Blanca walked over to them. 

 "Good morning," said Blanca. 

 "Hello, Blanca," replied Janet. 

 "I see that you both are here to honor Erica." 

 "Yes," they answered in unison. 

 "I want you to meet me in my office tomorrow at 9," said Blanca, as she handed 
  Janet and Tiffany her business card. 

 "Why?" asked Tiffany. 

 "There's the will to take care of." 

 "Can't you tell us about it now?" asked Janet. 

 "Nine AM tomorrow. Sharp!" she commanded. 

 Janet almost answered "Yes, Mistress," but caught herself in time. Blanca 
  had turned on her heels and was walking out of the church before Janet could 
  formulate a reply. Tiffany had gone off to talk with Stephanie, leaving her 
  alone. 

 The next morning, they took the train to Manhattan. The subway was crowded 
  with all the commuters going to work. 

 "Are you going to work after this?" asked Tiffany. 

 "Depends on how I feel," answered Janet. 

 "Me, too." 

 Blanca Sanchez was a junior partner at a prestigious law firm. The lobby was 
  covered in marble that made every step of their heels click and echo, reminding 
  Janet of Erica's Dungeon. They were ushered into Blanca's office, which was 
  richly furnished. The furniture was oak, and the carpet deep. They both sat 
  down in leather stuffed chairs. 

 She closed the door, and pressed her intercom, "Georgie, no calls please." 

 "Yes, Blanca." 

 "There now," said Blanca, "a little peace." 

 "You wanted to see us," said Janet. 

 "Yes," answered Blanca, who opened a manila folder. 

 Janet and Tiffany waited for Blanca to begin. They had quite a lot of patience, 
  since they had learned by waiting chained in the Dungeon. 

 "I have been Erica's lawyer and friend for years, and so it is up to me to 
  execute her will. You two are the beneficiaries of the estate, the care of which 
  has been entrusted to me. You will receive the estate in stages over the next 
  year, when you prove that you are capable of handling it." 

 Janet stole a glance at Tiffany, who looked bored and stared out the window 
  at Manhattan below. Didn't she care, thought Janet? 

 "You will inherit her house, cars, clothes and books. Including her Dungeon, 
  of course, and you are expected to create your own House." 

 "That's what I've been waiting for," said Tiffany, before she resumed staring 
  out the window. 

 "I will help you pay all of the taxes and bills, and show you how to run a 
  mansion like Erica's, which is not like anything that you have done before. 
  I'm going to be giving you a large file to each of you containing multiple documents 
  that Erica wanted you to have. I want you to read everything," said Blanca. 

 Suddenly Janet recalled one of her last visits, and remembered Erica's strange 
  remarks. That she would be tested in some way. She looked at Tiffany, since 
  she knew that Erica must have given her the same warning. Instead, Tiffany's 
  attention had wandered. She was staring out the window. 

 "Can I have a list of how much money we'll get?" asked Tiffany. 

 "Yes. But before you join the ranks of the idle rich, you'll be on an allowance 
  to prove that you're financially responsible," said Blanca. 

 "Sounds like we've traded one Mistress for another," said Tiffany. 

 "If you want to see it that way," answered Blanca. 

 "Is there anything else?" asked Tiffany. 

 Blanca then handed out pens and a series of legal papers. 

 "Start signing at the X marks," said Tiffany. "We have quite a bit of legal 
  ground to cover." 

 "What about my job?" asked Janet. 

 "Call your employer and tell them you have to take the week off. We're going 
  to very busy for the next week." 

 "Yes, Blanca," said Janet. 

 The morning was spent signing papers and forms. In the afternoon, after lunch, 
  a car was called to take them to Erica's house. They rode in a black limo, just 
  like the one that would take Janet each weekend. The ride was very different 
  during the day, and she only recognized the road signs on the way up. 

 "At least you weren't blindfolded in transit," said Blanca, "so you already 
  know the way." 

 "Yes." 

 When they pulled up at the gate, Blanca produced a key, which opened it. Then 
  they drove up the familiar driveway up to the door. Dead leaves scattered out 
  of the way. 

 They left the limo, and Blanca told the driver to return in a few hours. Then 
  they walked up the steps, and Janet expected that Andrea would be waiting for 
  them. Instead, yellow tape sealed the door, which Blanca removed and balled 
  up. She opened the door, and quickly went to the alarm panel to shut it off. 

 "There now," she said, "that's better." 

 "I expect to see Erica any minute," said Janet. 

 "Not too likely. Come, we have a lot of ground to cover. Everything from the 
  alarm to the water cut off valves. Running an estate is a job all by itself, 
  and you've got it!" 

 The next few hours, with some breaks, dealt with the physical aspects of the 
  house and grounds. Janet set off the alarm twice and Tiffany once. 

 "Just don't make a habit out of that," cautioned Blanca. 

 When they were finished, they descended to the Dungeon. Everything was cleaned 
  and polished, just waiting for the Mistress of the House to return. Their heels 
  clicked on the stone floor. 

 "This is yours too. Just use it wisely. Not too many houses around here have 
  Dungeons in their basements, but I have heard some stories over the years. This 
  area is all old Yankee money, so don't be surprised if they ignore you completely. 
  This isn't like living in an apartment complex," Blanca cautioned. 

 They both nodded. 

 "I don't want you causing any legal trouble, so you have got to be very careful 
  in training new slaves. You have to learn your new position first, so you can 
  contact some of the other Dominants you have may have served. I know that Stephanie 
  is willing to help, so I'll give you her number. Got that?" said Blanca as she 
  walked among the Dungeon and picked up a riding crop, flexing it in her hand. 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Tiffany, and Janet merely nodded. 

 "You two have to learn your new positions, and that means more than just being 
  at the other end of the riding crop," Blanca flicked the crop, striking a leather 
  padded bench that Janet remembered being tied to. 

 "Yes," answered. 

 "I wish I could have used this last week on my opponent in court. That little 
  bitch dug up something on my client that made him and me look completely foolish. 
  But I told that bastard to tell me everything and he lied to me also about the 
  case. He deserved a touch of the crop also. Oh well. I'll still collect my fee 
  anyway. And I'll keep an eye out for that cunt in the future," lectured Blanca. 

 "What next?" asked Janet. 

 "Back to the city. You move in tomorrow," said Blanca quite coldly. 

 "Tomorrow?" questioned Tiffany. 

 "Well I did say to take the week off, now didn't I?" said Blanca. 

* * * * 

Back in Janet's small apartment, they were washing up after dinner. The meal 
  had been a restrained affair as they were both in shock. They had picked up 
  something on the way home, after having been driven to Queens in the same limo 
  that had taken them to Erica's house. 

 "Well," said Tiffany, "pinch me." 

 Feeling suddenly playful, Janet reached inside Tiffany's blouse and under 
  her bra. She pinched and twisted her nipple, which was hard and erect. 

 "Owww," cried Tiffany. 

 "Well you did want me to pinch you," said Janet. 

 "I just can't believe it." 

 "My boss isn't going to be too thrilled about me taking the week off," said 
  Janet. 

 "Screw him," said Tiffany. 

 "Can't. He's gay," Janet answered. 

 They both laughed together and embraced. Janet tried to feel Tiffany's medallion 
  inside her sex, but couldn't beneath the fabric of her dress. 

 "Shall we?" asked Tiffany. 

 "Why not," answered Janet. 

 Afterwards, Janet reflected that she didn't have a Maid handy to change the 
  bed. 

 The next day, they each helped each other pack the first things they would 
  need. Blanca arrived to help, and they were just about ready when the truck 
  and limo arrived. The drive through afternoon traffic was a horror, and when 
  they arrived it was past 6 PM. Their stuff was unloaded, and they were left 
  alone with Blanca. 

 "My car, I left it in Queens!" gasped Janet. 

 "There's a Toyota and a BMW in the garage that are in the estate's name, and 
  yours to use. Just don't wreck them, please," cautioned Blanca. 

 "I still can't believe it," said Janet. 

 "Learn fast," said Blanca, before she left by limo. 

 "God damn," said Tiffany. "What do we do now?" 

 Blanca had made sure that the kitchen had been stocked in advance in with 
  the basics. They had a simple dinner of salad, hot dogs, and baked beans. 

 "Andrea was quite a cook," said Janet. 

 "I remember once she told me she went to school for that." 

 Tiffany picked up a hot dog with a fork and they both looked at it. 

 "Had a guy once with a dong about that length," said Tiffany. 

 "What happened?" 

 "He was about as hard too," laughed Tiffany as she took a bite. 

 "Hardly the elegant meal that I expected my first night here," observed Tiffany. 

 "Perhaps we could light candles," said Janet. 

 "And drip the wax on each other!" 

 "Now that's a thought!" said Janet. 

 They walked the grounds and used each other till dawn, when they finally fell 
  asleep in each other's arms, drunk with their new position in life! 

 The next day, Stephanie arrived for a lunchtime visit. Janet cleaned the downstairs 
  (which had already been immaculate anyway) and Tiffany cooked. 

 She was dressed in a conservative blue business suit, with modest heels. It 
  was strange to see her without Camille in attendance. 

 They talked, and she reminisced about Erica. 

 "Erica was a good friend, and a good Mistress. You two should be honored that 
  you knew her." 

 "Yes, I'm sure that I will be carrying her marks for some time," said Tiffany. 

 "Well, the first place to start is a Maid. Here," she said, passing a photo 
  from her purse. 

 The photo showed a girl in the late twenties dressed in a rubber Maid's outfit. 

 "Her name's Tina North. She's been a slave for quite a while, and now is ready 
  to serve in a household. I think that she'll be a valuable asset to your House." 

 "How should we treat her?" asked Janet. 

 "With kindness and discipline, never exceeding her limits," cautioned Stephanie. 

 "Yes," Janet answered. 

 "Good, I'll have her report here tomorrow. I'll bring her myself. You are 
  expected to make a list of chores for her to do, a schedule for work, days off, 
  and so on. I'll help you with that," offered Stephanie. 

 "Thank you," said Janet. 

 "I think that I can do without the advice," said Tiffany. 

 Janet looked at her lover in surprise. If there was one thing that she had 
  learned in life, was never to refuse advice when offered! Especially when they 
  were navigating in a minefield like this one! 

 "Why did you insult Stephanie?" asked Janet after their guest had left. 

 "Because she hurt me last time, and I never liked her anyway," pouted Tiffany. 

 "Just don't do it again," advised Janet. 

 Tiffany left in a huff for the Dungeons to sulk.

 * * * *

 Dinner that night was a restrained affair with neither of them talking much. 
  Janet had broiled some steaks, and it may as well have been cardboard for the 
  lack of enjoyment that dinner brought. 

 They cleaned up in silence, and Janet decided that they wouldn't sleep together. 
  She had picked out another bedroom, and had turned the covers. She had even 
  selected an adult novel to read before bed. 

 When she was undressing for bed, the door suddenly burst open. Naked, she 
  was startled when Tiffany broke in. In her hands she was carrying a pair of 
  gleaming steel handcuffs, a collar, and a ballgag. 

 Tiffany struck Janet, and they fell to the bed, wrestling! Suddenly, Janet 
  was back in her high school years, her brother in wrestling with the damn rubber 
  suit (was that why she was attracted to rubber now?) pouncing on her. Over time, 
  she picked up the moves and learned to fight him off. One day, when she was 
  nearly mugged in NY, she had fought someone off, scaring her to death. 

 "Tiffany, stop!" yelled Janet. 

 Because Tiffany had been carrying too many things in her hands, she had not 
  been able to get a proper grip on Janet. The things she brought scattered, and 
  Janet was able to force Tiffany onto her chest with her arms wrenched behind 
  her back. Janet saw the handcuffs on the bed, picked them up and locked Tiffany's 
  hands behind her back. They were both panting from the fight. 

 "What do you think you were doing?" gasped Janet. 

 Tiffany didn't reply, but instead remained silent. 

 "Well?" 

 Janet turned her companion over, and saw that Tiffany was dressed in just 
  her bra and panties, plus a pair of shoes. She picked up the collar and ballgag, 
  and displayed them to Tiffany. 

 "So these were for me. Had you asked, I just might have worn them. Even gone 
  down the Dungeon for a little fun. But not like this," said Janet. 

 "I'm Mistress here," said Tiffany. 

 "Really. You had better start acting like it, not like some insolent slave 
  who doesn't know her place. In fact, I think that we shall go to the Dungeon 
  tonight. But you're going to be the one that feels the lash," said Janet. 

 "No!" cried Tiffany. 

 In short order, Tiffany wore the collar and ballgag. With her arms behind 
  her back, Tiffany was helpless. 

 Janet then found a chain in the nightstand (very convenient) and locked Tiffany 
  to the ringbolt set in the wall, making her kneel on the wooden floor. 

 "Got to get dressed," said Janet. 

 Grabbing her discarded pair of panties, she slipped then on and padded barefoot 
  to Erica's bedroom. Strangely enough, they had not spent the night there, but 
  had instead used another room. 

 Going inside, she rushed to the closet. Weeks before, when she had been Mistress 
  for a night, she had looked through Erica's extensive wardrobe. Janet had been 
  pleased to discover that she and Erica were the same size, so she could wear 
  her clothes. 

 But now, rushing to find something to wear in the Dungeon, she suddenly stopped 
  her mad dash. There were things missing! 

 "What the?" questioned Janet. 

 There were empty places were she had looked at an admired what must have been 
  specially made clothes. Both normal and fetish wear. Still only wearing panties, 
  she went into Erica's drawers. 

 Any woman's wardrobe would contain her underwear, makeup supplies, and plenty 
  of it. But either Erica didn't have very much, or a good part of it was missing. 
  It was as if what was left was meant to cover what was missing. And why was 
  all her underwear new? Surely she didn't just wear something once and throw 
  it away? Erica's house, for all her wealth, was quite plain and she had displayed 
  disdain for the trappings of wealth. So where were her used things? 

 She was going to question Blanca about it at the first chance she got! But 
  as she dressed in a leather bra, skirt, and boots she still got that nagging 
  feeling that something wasn't quite right. A woman dead by accident doesn't 
  just remove her favorite clothes beforehand, nor have only new underwear in 
  her drawer. 

 Janet was going to have to search the whole house, and fire up that computer. 
  Her skin crawled with the suspicion that something was going on. And she was 
  going to get to the bottom of it. 

 But first she had to attend to Tiffany's bottom, and her anger at her friend's 
  action resurfaced. 

 "Bitch," said Janet aloud, "Bitch!" 

 When she returned to her bedroom, Tiffany was still there, bound naked on 
  the floor. Janet pulled her collar chain, making her rise to her feet. It had 
  been a long time since she and Andrea had reversed roles, and now she was the 
  Mistress of the house. Provided she fulfilled Erica's conditions, of course. 

 Janet wasted no time and pinched Tiffany's nipple, making her squeal behind 
  her gag. Then she pinched Tiffany's clit making her jump in response. 

 "Now that we've established who is in charge here," said Janet "It's time 
  to go down to the Dungeon." 

 Janet didn't make Tiffany wear the usual high heels. Instead, she removed 
  the ones that she had on. After releasing her collar chain, she attached a leash. 
  She had found a blindfold, which she quickly used to cut off Tiffany's vision. 

 Even though they both knew the way to the Dungeon by heart, Janet wanted to 
  preserve the ritual of blindfolding the slave during the trip to the Dungeon. 
  Tiffany obediently followed Janet as they walked to the hidden elevator downstairs. 

 In a few minutes, they were in the Dungeon. Evidently, Tiffany had been here 
  before, as the lights and heat were already on. Tiffany had planned well, except 
  that it was she that would be feeling the whip! 

 "Thanks for getting everything ready, Tiffany," said Janet, "Since I don't 
  have a Maid yet." 

 Janet didn't waste any time, nor did she want to do anything fancy. She placed 
  cuffs on Tiffany's wrists and ankles, replacing the articles of slavery that 
  Janet had grown used to in serving Erica. 

 Then she pulled Tiffany to the center of the room, where a chain was hanging 
  from the ceiling. She unlocked her handcuffs, and then locked the leather cuffs 
  above Tiffany's head. Locating a spreader bar, she opened Tiffany's legs and 
  locked it to the D rings. 

 Tiffany stood, totally helpless and exposed. Janet found the control and took 
  up the slack on the ceiling chain, forcing Tiffany to stand straight and erect. 

 "That's better," said Janet. 

 Even though they had made love ever since Erica's death, Janet couldn't pass 
  up the chance to pinch and roughly fondle Tiffany's bound form. It was one thing 
  to make passionate love together in bed. It was quite something else to roughly 
  examine Tiffany's naked body prior to discipline. 

 Even though she planned to use the whip, Janet got a riding crop. She used 
  the tip as a probe to trace Tiffany's curves, and to insert between her breasts 
  and legs. She pushed the tip between her sex, making Tiffany moan. 

 Janet then removed her blindfold and gag, and Tiffany panted from the rough 
  examination that she had just undergone. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," panted Tiffany. 

 "You're welcome, slave." 

 "You have a choice Tiffany. Either the whip, or the crop." 

 "The whip, Mistress," said Tiffany. 

 "For once, we agree on something." 

 Janet replaced the crop with a long coiled sinuous whip. She felt the fresh 
  oil on her fingertips, since she had chosen not to wear gloves this evening. 

 "Please," plead Tiffany, "don't whip me?" 

 "Perhaps you should have thought of that before you tried to restrain me. 
  Were you so certain that you could overpower me? I'm full of surprises," said 
  Janet. 

 "No, Janet, no!" 

 "Mistress Janet to you," said Janet. 

 "Mistress Janet, please, no!" 

 "What's so different about being whipped by me instead of Erica. After all, 
  you love the whip. Regardless of who's yielding it." 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "So kiss the handle like a good girl before I put that gag back," said Janet. 

 Tiffany reached her lips forward and kissed the handle. At first, she hesitated. 
  But then, Janet was pleased to see that she was showing the same enthusiasm 
  as she had displayed for Mistress Erica. 

 "That's good," said Janet. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," said Tiffany. 

 "Good. Then we can begin." 

 Janet stood back, cracking the whip to get its proper feel. She loved the 
  way it moved, and the sound it made. Then she struck! 

 "Owwww!" cried Tiffany. 

 Janet struck again, not caring to have the strokes counted. She could do without 
  theatre tonight, only wanting to have Tiffany display her submission to her. 

 "Owwww!" 

 "Owwww!" 

 Janet delivered each stroke with only a moderate degree of force. She wanted 
  the whip to coil itself around Tiffany's curves, then the tip would smack into 
  her naked flesh. 

 Janet did not really want to hurt Tiffany, or break her skin. What she did 
  want was to make Tiffany understand that she had gotten off to a bad start, 
  and the Janet was now in charge! 

 "Owwww!" 

 "Janet, please stop," cried Tiffany. 

 "What's wrong, Tiffany? Lost your desire to please your Mistress?" 

 "It hurts!" 

 "So did Mistress Erica, but you loved her whip. Just as you will come to love 
  mine," said Janet. 

 "Owwww!" 

 Janet began to concentrate on her upper body. She wanted the whip to strike 
  Tiffany's breasts, which it did. Once her breasts were covered by multiple red 
  marks, she paused. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," said Tiffany. 

 "I'm not done yet," answered Janet. 

 Giving Tiffany a chance to rest, Janet looked around the Dungeon. Again, things 
  were missing that she painfully remembered. Whips, crops, and other things. 
  Not that there wasn't enough left here to restrain a whole group of girls. 

 "What the hell?" asked Janet to herself. 

 "Mistress?" asked Tiffany. 

 "Sorry to neglect you, Tiffany. I was just surveying the Dungeon. Every home 
  should have one downstairs, don't you think?" 

 "Mistress please!" 

 Janet then uncoiled the whip, and displayed it to Tiffany. 

 "Shall we start again?" Janet asked. 

 This time, she concentrated on Tiffany's sex and behind. The tip would bury 
  itself between Tiffany's opened legs, making her shake and rattle her chains. 
  Tears flowed onto her cheeks, and her makeup ran leaving lines of color. 

 But it was her behind that was turning colors! With each stroke, she would 
  leave another red mark on her bottom. Since Tiffany had not been whipped for 
  some time, the new ones stood out. 

 "Owwww!" cried Tiffany. 

 "Stop, please stop, Mistress Janet!" cried Tiffany. 

 Taking no notice of her pleas, Janet continued to punish her. Without remorse 
  or anger, even though she had boiling earlier, Janet restrained her strokes. 
  She did not want Tiffany to plead mercy, for then she would have to stop. Instead, 
  she wanted to make Tiffany feel quite uncomfortable for what she had done. 

 When Janet was satisfied that the whip had done its job, she ceased. 

 "Thank your Mistress," said Janet. 

 Tiffany appeared to hesitate, and Janet pretended to utilize the whip again. 

 "Thank you, Mistress for the punishment that I have received. I was a very 
  bad girl before, and it will never happen again," said Tiffany. 

 "Good. Now a little something else, and then I can lock you away for the night." 

 Janet selected a lightweight flogger. It wouldn't mark, but it would aggravate 
  the earlier ones that Janet had already inflicted. The broad strands impacted 
  on Tiffany's skin, making her moan and thrash. Janet enjoyed seeing her reacting 
  in this way and make sure that she used it on all the right places. 

 "Now then," said Janet, standing before a tearful Tiffany, "all done now." 

 "Thank you, Mistress." 

 Janet locked Tiffany in one of the upstairs bedrooms, next to Erica's master 
  bedroom. She had moved there after dominating Tiffany. Once Tiffany had been 
  cleaned up, Janet locked her to the ringbolt in the wall. 

 "Now don't give me any trouble," said Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 After getting out of her leather gear, Janet discovered that she could use 
  a quick shower. The enjoyed the hot streams, soaping her breasts and sex. She 
  dried herself off, then blow dried her hair. Once she was done, she retrieved 
  the novel that she had wanted to read earlier. 

 Janet checked once more on Tiffany, then got under the covers naked. She fingered 
  the ring on her index finger, wondering if she should continue to wear it. Janet 
  dropped off to sleep, feeling satisfied. 

* * * * 

The next day, Mistress Stephanie Richards drove up. In the passenger seat was 
  the girl that Stephanie recommended. Janet opened the door for the two of them. 
  Since it was quite warm, they didn't have coats on. Stephanie wore a dress, 
  and so did Tina. 

 "Please come in," greeted Janet. 

 "Thank you," said Stephanie, "Tina this is Janet Davis, the Mistress I told 
  you about." 

 "Pleased to meet you, Mistress Janet." 

 "But where is Mistress Tiffany?" asked Stephanie. 

 "In the library," answered Janet. 

 After closing the door, the three made their way to the Library. When they 
  entered, Stephanie saw Tiffany seated in a chair. Around her neck was a slave 
  collar, but otherwise she was dressed normally in a blouse and skirt. 

 "Tina, this is Mistress Tiffany, who also is Mistress in this house," said 
  Stephanie as she introduced Janet's companion. 

 "Mistress Tiffany, pleased to meet you," said Tina. 

 "Please sit down," directed Janet. 

 Having made the introductions, Janet asked Tina some personal questions. Who 
  she had trained under, who she had served, and so on. Tina even displayed her 
  recent whip marks on her breasts and behind. 

 "Good, good," said Janet. 

 Tina also told of her skills in the upkeep of the house. This was all part 
  of the contract between Mistress and Submissive that had to be established first, 
  before Tina would formally serve in the House. 

 Once that was done, Stephanie declared herself a witness. Tiffany rose and 
  walked out the door, and closed the library door behind her. 

 "What happened?" asked Stephanie. 

 "Tina, could you please open the library door and leave us for a few minutes," 
  directed Janet. 

 "Certainly, Mistress Janet," answered Tina. 

 After Tina had left, Stephanie faced Janet. 

 "Well?" 

 "We had a difference of opinion yesterday. Tiffany burst into my bedroom last 
  night, with cuffs, a collar, and a gag. She wanted to restrain me, but I won 
  the fight and punished her instead." 

 "Shocking," said Stephanie. 

 "Her punishment is to wear the collar for two days, and she gets locked up 
  every night." 

 "Adequate," said Stephanie, "and fair." 

 "Thank you, Mistress." 

 "Take care of Tina, she will make a good maid and slave. Her things are in 
  the car, just a couple of suitcases." 

 "Thank you, Mistress Stephanie." 

 Once Tina had brought her things into the Maid's room, she let the girl unpack 
  in peace. She was sure that the pretty brunette would fit into Andrea's things, 
  so there would be no need to buy a new wardrobe for her. 

 Suddenly Janet realized the immense responsibilities that came with being 
  a Mistress of her own House! It was much simpler to be a slave in the Dungeon! 

 The End of Chapter Seven 




Janet in Training
Chapter Eight: The Competition

Part One: A New Life 

 Janet Davis sat her desk at her job in Manhattan. It had been a two weeks 
  since Erica's death and a week since she had returned to work. Chewing on a 
  pencil, her mind kept returning to the events of the past two weeks. She had 
  returned to work to partially continue her familiar life. Tiffany, however, 
  had quit her job immediately. 

 So Janet arose each morning and took a different train into the city, resuming 
  her job as a secretary. While there was some gossip about her weeklong absence, 
  it really didn't matter. In the year that she had become Erica's slave, she 
  had ceased socializing with her co-workers. 

 Management hadn't said anything, since Blanca had sent them a hell of a letter 
  explaining why she needed the time off. So Janet resumed her job of typing voice 
  mail, answering the phone, and going on errands. 

 After the quiet of Greenwich, Janet enjoyed the noise again of Manhattan. 
  Janet even planned to go downtown to the fetish shops after work and look around. 
  Even though what she now owned could probably stock a store all by itself. 

 "Janet, could I see you please?" asked her boss, Dave. 

 "Sure," Janet answered. 

 She followed Dave into the Vice-President's office, Richard. He was seated 
  behind his desk, a file of papers in front of him. Janet seated herself in one 
  chair, Dave the other. 

 "Janet, I'm very sorry to have to do this," began Richard, "but I have to 
  lay you off." 

 "What?" said Janet, shocked. 

 "It's not related to your job performance, or your unscheduled absence last 
  week. It's just that every department has to cut back, and I'm afraid that you 
  have to be the one in ours," said Richard. 

 While he talked about her severance package, and the fact that she would have 
  no trouble finding a job, Janet thought what if they only knew what had happened 
  to her last week. 

 While Tiffany thought it was madness to return to work, Janet wanted to hold 
  on to something of her former life. Instead, barely one-week back, she was being 
  shown the door. Meaning she would be spending all of her time in Greenwich. 

 "Janet?" asked Dave, "are you all right?" 

 "Sorry, I was just drifting," answered Janet. 

 "You can clean out your desk, and we'll send you all the papers at home. I 
  understand that you moved to Connecticut," said Dave. 

 "Yes, last week." 

 "But weren't you busy with that legal thing?" asked Dave. 

 "This was arranged long before," Janet lied. 

 Cleaning out her desk, Janet realized that there was very little she either 
  wanted to keep or save. Still, she cleaned out her personal things, and put 
  them in a box. Since she did not want to carry that on the train, she asked 
  that it be sent to her new address in Greenwich. She said a few tearful good-byes 
  just for effect, then left. In her purse was her cardkey, which she resolved 
  to keep as a souvenir. 

 She walked around the city, looking at all the office buildings. Janet realized 
  that an important part of her life was now over, and that she would never be 
  working here again. Unless she used Erica's money to buy a company, and then 
  be a boss herself. What a thought! 

 It wasn't until she was riding home on the train, sipping a soda, when she 
  remembered that she hadn't told anyone that she was now living in Connecticut. 
  Nobody knew that she had taken Metro-North, not the subway to work. 

 So how did Dave know that she was living in Connecticut? Her blood suddenly 
  ran cold; just what was going on? The same questions that she had asked when 
  she had moved into Erica's house returned. 

 Driving back to the estate, Janet resolved that now that she had the time, 
  she was going to tear everything apart in the house. She was going to search 
  everything, no matter how long it took. 

 "Mistress, is there something wrong?" asked Tina when she walked in the foyer. 

 "It's all right Tina," said Janet. 

 Tina took her light jacket and hung it in the hall closet, waiting for Janet's 
  next command. 

 "I got laid off," said Janet. 

 "I would imagine that Mistress is very angry," answered Tina. 

 "Yes, but not about that. About......Something else. I'll be in the library, 
  thinking." 

 "Yes, Mistress. If I may continue with the housework?" asked Tina. 

 "Of course," said Janet. 

 When she entered the library, Janet poured a small glass of sherry, and twirled 
  it around before taking a swallow. Then she seated herself behind Erica's desk 
  to think, instead of one of the leather stuffed chairs. 

 Janet looked at the black leather clad footstool, that Stephanie had given 
  Erica as a gift. She remembered when she had been bound to the footstool and 
  used, and the pain and pleasure that it had brought her. 

 All right, Janet, she thought, what next? After they had moved in, both Tiffany 
  and Janet had searched the house. Blanca had sent them each a pile of paperwork 
  to read, and Janet had placed hers on Erica's desk. 

 Tiffany was still angry with her after her attempt to Dominate Janet failed. 
  So she had taken some money, packed a suitcase, and said that she was going 
  on vacation for an indefinite time. So Janet had the house to herself, alone 
  except for Tina. 

 In all her life, Janet had never expected that she would have been served 
  by a live in Maid who provided extra services since she was also a slave. After 
  Stephanie had dropped her off, Tiffany immediately wanted to place her in the 
  Dungeon and show her that she was a Mistress. Janet had refused, arguing that 
  they had to learn more about her. This had further enraged Tiffany, giving her 
  a second excuse to leave. 

 So Janet had been with her Maid for over a week, and had read the file that 
  Stephanie had left with her. Tina North was 27, a trained Maid and Cook, who 
  had been trained in larger households. She was now going to progress onto running 
  this house, and had been destined to serve under Andrea before serving a Mistress 
  by herself. 

 Erica's death had changed that, and Stephanie had arranged for her to start 
  serving by herself. So this was a double test for both the new Mistresses and 
  Tina as well. 

 Janet was surprised to find that Tina was an excellent cook, and it was a 
  good thing that the mansion had a small room filled with exercise equipment. 
  If she kept on eating like this, she wouldn't be able to fit into anything! 

 In addition, with Tiffany absent, she was able to explore Tina as a slave. 
  She didn't want to start with a harsh Dungeon episode leaving Tina with red 
  welts all over her body, since Stephanie had told her to go slowly. 

 Instead, she had first asked Tina to strip in front of her, and inspected 
  her firm naked body. Another day, when Tina had made a minor mistake, Janet 
  had merely given her five light strokes with the riding crop. 

 Every couple of days, she would impose a mild form of discipline upon her. 
  Nothing too severe or harsh, nothing that would draw blood or would otherwise 
  cause injury. 

 In just two weeks, she had noted that Tina had become attracted to her. She 
  had not used her sexually, though she longed to do so. She first wanted to establish 
  herself as a Mistress, not as her lover. 

 Janet was startled when there was a knock on the library door. 

 "Enter," said Janet. 

 "Would Mistress Janet like some lunch?" asked Tina after she had entered. 

 Janet realized that she had eaten nothing since breakfast. A soda on the way 
  back and a drink on an empty stomach left her feeling hungry. 

 "Yes," said Janet, "something light." 

 Janet looked at her watch and found that it was just 2 PM. Had so much already 
  happened today? 

 "Yes, Mistress," said Tina before exiting. 

 Ten minutes later, Tina had prepared a small salad, a turkey sandwich, a piece 
  of cake from last night's dinner, and a pot of coffee. She placed the tray down 
  on the desk before Janet, and opened a napkin to place on Janet's lap. 

 "Thank you, Tina," said Janet, "this is very nice." 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Tina before she bowed and closed the door behind 
  her. 

 Janet ate alone and in silence, determined not to turn the TV on. Erica had 
  stocked the library with too many diversions, and Janet wanted to be alone. 
  The lunch was quite enough, and Janet lingered over the cake and coffee. 

 "Okay, Mistress," Janet said to herself, "what now?" 

 She eyed the package that Blanca had given to both Janet and Tiffany. They 
  had both gotten one with their names on it, and Tiffany had taken hers with 
  her. It was a package wrapped in heavy paper, and sealed with heavy tape. 

 Janet picked up hers and found a pair of scissors in the desk drawer. She 
  cut the tape and paper, and found even more layers. Whoever had sealed it meant 
  to ensure that it would only be opened by someone determined, and that nobody 
  could ever reseal it again either. 

 So Janet soon had filled a nearby wastebasket with the wrappings. Inside was 
  what looked like over 500 sheets of paper, unbound. There was no table of contents, 
  and a quick scan revealed all sorts of subjects: slaves, money, other Mistresses, 
  instructions. 

 "Why would Erica do that?" asked Janet aloud. 

 Erica had been a neatness freak, and Janet had learned from Andrea just how 
  to clean a house properly. So why should she provide a book of instructions 
  in an unorganized fashion? 

 Janet heard a knock on the door, and it was Tina again. 

 "Mistress, I'd like to remove the tray," said Tina. 

 "Yes, thank you," answered Janet. 

 "Is there anything else I can do?" asked Tina. 

 "Yes, another pot of coffee would be nice," said Janet. 

 "To drink while reading?" asked Tina. 

 "No. Homework," said Janet. 

 Janet found a three-hole puncher, some empty loose-leaf binders, and paper 
  in the library. She started reading, punching holes, placing dividers between 
  documents, and writing down their subject on a piece of paper and a tab for 
  the binder. 

 The sun's rays lengthened along with the day. Janet would occasionally pause 
  to watch the dust dance in the sun's light. 

 Some were short, only a few pages. Others were pages long, dealing with her 
  life and proper conduct as a Mistress. There was no organization or direction. 
  One dealt with the purchase and history of the cars in the garage. The next 
  dealt with a totally unrelated subject. 

 Janet was fascinated by the procedures by which a girl was introduced to slavery. 
  First was an extensive interview process, to make sure that the subject was 
  suitable. Then a set training schedule to see that the girl could handle the 
  rigors of slavery. Finally, a code of conduct between Mistress and slave, that 
  the Mistress would respect the slave's limits. 

 Tears came from Janet's eyes as she remembered how Erica had gradually trained 
  her, and Stephanie had respected Erica's instructions. Janet decided that she 
  would abide by the instructions from Erica and from her own personal experience 
  in being a slave. 

 Janet rubbed her eyes. Surely, in this disorganized mess, there was something 
  important that Erica had wanted her to know. 

 Getting up from the desk, her mind numbed by the sheer amount of detail and 
  documents, Janet had grown bored. It was homework all right, but with a vengeance. 
  Surely she didn't have to plough through all of the documents, did she? 

 But Janet seated herself again at the desk. The warning from Erica that she 
  would be tested, and Tiffany's absence, made this an ideal time to go over the 
  whole thing. With Tiffany around, there would be no way she could work in peace. 

 Near the end, just when her patience was about to run out, Janet found it. 
  There were two pieces of paper deliberately stuck together with a drop of glue, 
  so that it looked they were one. 

 The first was a paper detailing a list of good restaurants that Erica liked 
  in London, and some places to stay. 

 But when Janet gently separated the second page, and read it, her blood ran 
  cold. 

 The estate was not really theirs, at least yet. Blanca would have them under 
  supervision for a year, and they would have to demonstrate that they were capable 
  of running the estate. 

 But the most horrifying part of it was a contest of some kind. Both had been 
  awarded a substantial amount of stock, to do with as they pleased. Janet looked 
  over the names of the portfolio and the amounts and gasped. It was more money 
  than she had ever had imagined in her life! 

 They both had to manage their portfolio accounts, and could buy or sell stocks. 
  They could withdraw money, but not add it. Once withdrawn, the money was gone. 

 After a year, whoever had the most in her account would own the entire estate. 
  The loser would be left with nothing, and be the property and slave of the victor! 

 Janet felt like crying when Tina knocked to announce Dinner. Putting the paper 
  down, she remembered that Blanca had made certain that they couldn't tamper 
  with each other's package without the other knowing about it. 

 She had discovered the test that Erica had warned her about. They would each 
  live like Queens for a year, and then whoever had managed their account better 
  would own the loser. With a shock, she realized that Blanca had been rather 
  evasive about the source of their living expenses. It was quite possible that 
  the money Tiffany had just withdrawn had come not from her allowance but from 
  her brokerage account! 

 Tiffany was in effect spending away her chance to be Mistress and Owner. Janet 
  would have to lie and be deceitful towards her partner, so that she would never 
  know the truth about the source and consequences about their inheritance. 

 Dinner that evening was a grim affair. Janet should have enjoyed the rich 
  beef stew that Tina had prepared, but she barely ate anything. She nibbled and 
  picked at her food, feeling it taste like sawdust. After Tina had served cake 
  and coffee, she stood waiting by the table for Janet's next command. 

 "Will the Mistress be needing me after I clean up?" asked Tina. 

 For over a week since Tiffany had left, Janet had answered no. She had left 
  Tina in peace for the night, and she knew that the girl had spent her nights 
  reading or watching TV. Though she was really on call 24 hours a day, Janet 
  wanted her to have some time for herself. 

 "Yes," Janet answered. 

 Janet instructed Tina that she would not be needed until 9 PM. She wanted 
  Tina to clean the kitchen and rest up before the night's activities. Since it 
  was summer, Janet opened the library doors and stepped outside. It was still 
  warm and the sun was up, so Janet let the sun warm her flesh. Had she really 
  walked here naked last year with Tiffany? 

 Janet then proceeded to take a long walk around the estate. It seemed incredible 
  that someone could own so much property and place a wall around it! She had 
  been told by Tina when the gardeners had come last week to cut the lawn and 
  do the other yard work. The next time, Janet herself would watch them. 

 The grounds were simply beautiful, and the flower garden was just as she remembered. 
  Having spent all day with the documents, she was glad to be outside. This day, 
  the sky was truly clear. There wasn't a cloud in sight, and Janet hoped that 
  there would be another thunderstorm to remind her of Erica's death. 

 Having completed a circuit of the house, Janet looked at her watch and decided 
  that it was too late to go for a walk outside the grounds. She had walked around 
  the area once, and had seen large estates, some with horses in stables and yards 
  ringed by split rails. 

 She wondered if any of her neighbors knew about Erica, and her passing. Since 
  she had moved in, they had not had a single visitor. Blanca had told them to 
  be private, and she had instructed them that if someone got too nosy, she would 
  "handle it." Whatever that meant. 

 Whatever Erica had devised, thought Janet, Blanca was definitely in on it. 
  The only question was whose side was she on? 

 Janet remembered Blanca standing over her as she was bound to the footstool, 
  being cropped again and again. Then having a dildo inserted into her sex, being 
  thrust back and forth. 

 Janet's breath grew short, and her heart beat faster. She realized that tonight 
  she would be the one holding the crop, instead of someone else. 

 Ever since she had punished Tiffany, Janet had been reluctant in using the 
  whip. Tiffany's attack had left her gun-shy, and a little scared of her new 
  position. Which was why she had taken it easy with Tina. 

 By following Stephanie's advice, she had formed a bond with Tina. Her companion 
  had wanted to be cruel and vicious with her. Instead, Janet realized that she 
  had to let Tina get used to them and the household. So she had stopped Tiffany, 
  and had only occasionally cropped Tina. 

 Abuse was not the way to go with a slave, new or otherwise! 

 Janet walked inside, astonished to see that it was past 8. Twilight was falling, 
  and night would soon be here. 

 She locked the library doors, and went into her bedroom. Since there were 
  only the two of them, Janet would have to dress herself for her session with 
  Tina. Normally, it would be part of the ritual for Tina to help her Mistress 
  dress. But since they were alone, Janet had to do that herself. 

 Finally stripped of her office clothes, which she would never have to wear 
  again, Janet realized that a quick shower was in order. She stepped under a 
  stinging hot shower that washed away the city's dirt and the fatigue she felt 
  after going over all that paperwork. 

 She dried and toweled herself off, drying her hair with a dryer she had brought 
  from home. Finally ready, she opened Erica's closet and stepped inside naked. 
  Not wanting to wear something confining like a Catsuit all night, she chose 
  a simple leather bra and skirt. She had found an ingenious pair of hosiery in 
  Erica's drawers that had it's own garter belt for her waist. This way, her sex 
  would be easily available for action. 

 Janet first pulled on the stockings, then wrapped the skirt around her waist. 
  Then she put on her bra, inhaling the wonderful scent of the leather. She last 
  selected a pair of calf high matching boots with the usual five-inch heels. 
  Janet admired herself in the full-length mirror. 

 "I do a pretty good job myself," said Janet to herself. 

 Glancing at the clock, she saw that it was past 9 already, and Tina would 
  be waiting in the library. Since she was the slave, Janet expected her to be 
  naked and kneeling on the floor. 

 Janet walked outside her bedroom and made her way to the library, her heart 
  thundering with each step. She loved the sound that her heels made as they clicked 
  on the wooden floor! 

 Finally, she entered the library. In the center of the room, on a small circular 
  carpet knelt Tina. She was naked, wearing nothing at all. Her head was bowed, 
  and her hands rested on her knees, which were spread apart. Her long hair was 
  bound behind her head in a ponytail, giving Janet an easier time with gags and 
  other implements. 

 Janet walked around her Maid, inspecting her and saying nothing. Her eyes 
  followed the curves of her white skin, and noted the swell of her breasts. Tina's 
  back was decorated with the stripes of the crop, both past and present. Her 
  behind rested on the heels of her feet, and Janet saw her pubic bush and mound 
  between her legs. 

 "Have you been waiting long, my dear?" asked Janet. 

 "No, Mistress. I await your pleasure," replied Tina. 

 Janet stood in front of her, her heart beating quickly. She wanted this moment 
  to last forever, and all thoughts of Tiffany and Blanca were erased from her 
  mind. 

 "Do you accept my discipline, slave Tina?" 

 "Yes, Mistress Janet." 

 "Then reach over and kiss my boot," commanded Janet. 

 Tina bent over, and with her hands still on her knees, began to kiss the toe 
  of Janet's shining black leather boot. Her lips caressed the leather, leaving 
  small bits of red lipstick behind on the black surface. She kissed it like it 
  was a lover or companion. 

 "Enough." 

 Tina quickly assumed her former pose, with her head up and her hands still 
  on her knees. 

 "Hands behind your head," directed Janet. 

 With her hands now in the ordered position, Tina's breasts slightly stuck 
  out. Janet could see the beautiful curves or her beasts, the red of her aureole 
  and her erect nipples. 

 "In the future, I want your aureole redder, so use some rouge on them." 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Tina. 

 Since this was their first real scene, Tina was shivering with nervous excitement. 
  Janet observed her, and wished that she could read her thoughts right now. 

 Opening a familiar desk drawer, Janet removed a black leather collar. She 
  then produced bracelets for Tina's wrists and ankles. Walking back to Tina, 
  she displayed the things in her hands. 

 "Are you familiar with these?" asked Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Tina. 

 "I shall place the collar around your neck and the bracelets around your wrists, 
  but you must do your ankles. Understand?" ordered Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Tina knelt silently as the collar was firmly locked around her neck, the lock 
  making a small click when it closed. Tina then held out her hands, and Janet 
  locked similar bracelets around her wrists. Janet dropped the remaining two 
  leather objects on the carpet, and Tina waited for her command. 

 "You may proceed," ordered Janet. "Then resume the same position, with your 
  hands behind your head." 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Tina did as she was ordered, locking the bracelets on her ankles. In the silence 
  of the library, Janet could hear the tiny clicks of the lock. Tina quickly got 
  on her knees, and placed her hands behind her head again. She knelt in silence. 

 "That's excellent," said Janet. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," replied Tina. 

 Janet inspected her again, wishing that this moment could last forever. Just 
  the two of them, Mistress and slave girl together. 

 "Rise," ordered Janet. 

 Tina did so, remaining silent. 

 In one section of the library, there were two white pillars. Janet had discovered 
  ringbolts embedded in them, and had attached chains. She led Tina over to them, 
  and locked her wrists to their ends. 

 Producing a riding crop from the desk, she circled her bound and helpless 
  Maid. Janet flexed the riding crop in her hands, feeling the stiffness of the 
  bamboo underneath the leather. 

 "Again, do you accept my discipline?" demanded Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Then you must choose a safeword, Tina." 

 "Mercy, Mistress Janet." 

 Janet placed the crop's small looped tip between Tina's breasts, the tip brushing 
  against her white silky globes. 

 "Ready yourself," advised Janet. 

 Janet than walked to her back, and slashed at Tina's exposed behind. This 
  was the first time that she had used the full force of her arm on Tina, and 
  the crop slashed through the air and left a stripe on Tina's bottom. 

 Tina did not cry out, nor flinch when the next stroke or even the next several 
  were delivered to her. Janet watched, as the fresh marks appeared on Tina's 
  stretched form, her work evident upon the canvas of her slave's naked flesh. 

 After Janet had delivered a series of exactly ten strokes on Tina's behind 
  and back, she ceased her efforts. She walked around to Tina's front, and the 
  girl hung from her chains. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," panted Tina. 

 "You're welcome. Kiss the crop," ordered Janet. 

 Just as she had kissed Janet's boot before, now Tina willingly kissed the 
  riding crop that had been the instrument of her torment. Her lips circled around 
  the leather, her tongue darting over the woven stands of the handle. 

 Janet reached out with her hand, and placed her hand against Tina's cropped 
  behind. The skin was warm from the beating, and she ran her hand down Tina's 
  back and played with Tina's behind. 

 Tina had chosen to wear a brand of alluring perfume that Janet liked very 
  much. Even though Tina was now sweating from the discipline that she had just 
  received, Janet could still detect the fragrance. 

 Janet stood back and again flexed the crop, signaling that it was time to 
  begin again. Inside her leather bra, she felt her own nipples brush against 
  the leather that contained them. Which only served to excite her more. 

 The next few strokes were delivered again Tina's breasts. Janet held the true 
  force of her arm back, so the impact of the rod was muted. Still, Tina held 
  her voice back and endured what must have been agony with only muted sounds. 

 Janet saw that tears had formed at the edges of Tina's eyes. She stopped after 
  ten modest strokes, carefully executing each one. Tina's breasts bobbed with 
  each impact, and she tried to withdraw instinctively as each stroke landed. 
  But Janet saw that her efforts were to no avail when each stoke landed on her 
  breasts again and again. 

 When Janet again ceased, Tina hung from her chains. Her feet were standing 
  firmly on the floor, and Janet had decided not to chain them to the pillars 
  also. That would be for next time. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," cried Tina. 

 Reaching forward, Janet's left hand entered Tina's sex. Passing though her 
  pubic hair, she felt Tina's labia, and how wet her sheath had become. Janet 
  gently pushed her two fingers inside, making Tina moan with desire. 

 "Oooooh!" 

 "Very good, Tina. You took my crop nicely," said Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," said Tina. 

 Enjoying the nature of the moment, Janet did not want to ruin it by lashing 
  out again with the crop. Ever since Tina had arrived, she had approached the 
  question of her submission carefully. She had never struck Tina in anger, nor 
  to harm. Instead, she wanted to imitate the same manner that Erica had used 
  with her, never pushing her beyond her limits. 

 Pushing upwards against her sex made Tina stand on her toes as Janet's fingers 
  reached deep within her sex. Tina grasped the gleaming steel chains that held 
  her to the posts in an effort to rise. 

 "Mistress!" cried Tina. 

 "Did I say you could cum yet? Hold yourself back, or there will be a terrible 
  punishment," cautioned Janet. 

 Even though her sex was being stimulated, Tina managed to hold herself back 
  from orgasm. Finally properly serving her Mistress, she yearned for release, 
  but did not dare do so. 

 When she was finally satisfied that Tina was truly ready, Janet dug her nails 
  against Tina's love canal. 

 "Now," said Janet. 

 Tina began to twist and moan against her bonds. She was impaled on Janet's 
  fingers, which brushed again the walls of her sex and felt her clit again and 
  again. Tina climaxed again and again, her sex wrapped around Janet's fingers. 

 When it was finally over, she took several deep breaths and slumped against 
  her bonds. Realizing her omission, she quickly turned her face down to Janet's 
  leather clad body. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," said Tina. 

 "You're welcome," answered Janet. 

 Janet had withdrawn her fingers from Tina's sex, and she rubbed her thumb, 
  index, and forefingers together. 

 "You're quite wet," observed Janet. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," replied Tina. 

 "What shall we do next?" questioned Janet. 

 While Janet had thought that very little time had elapsed, the erotic nature 
  of the moment had stretched to hours. The clock was past midnight, and the sky 
  was black. 

 "Whatever my Mistress desires," answered Tina. 

 Janet released Tina's wrists from the chains, and indicated that it was all 
  right for her lower them to her waist. Janet loved the way Tina's breasts stuck 
  out, and her skin strained again her ribcage. She had run her fingers through 
  the shaved skin of Tina's underarms, determined that they would one day be cropped 
  also. 

 "Come here," ordered Janet. 

 Tina followed her to a large wooden chair that Janet had found in another 
  room. Janet seated herself on the chair, the leather rustling as it rearranged 
  itself to her new position. 

 "Over my knee," directed Janet. 

 Tina lay on Janet's knees, her behind up in the air. The one thing that Erica 
  had never done to Janet was to spank her with her bare hand. Janet had acutely 
  missed this bond, for all Erica had used were the implements of the Dungeon. 

 But Janet was determined to change that with her slave. She spanked Tina, 
  carefully avoiding those spots where her crop had already left red marks. Since 
  she had been careful about administering only a certain number of strokes, that 
  left a considerable area where her hand could now impact. 

 Janet spanked Tina again and again, enjoying the feeling of her naked body 
  resting on her knees. A few times she had to order Tina to keep her bottom up, 
  in order that the spanking could continue properly. 

 Once Janet was satisfied that Tina's bottom was properly red, she ceased her 
  actions. 

 "Thank your Mistress, slave," said Janet. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," cried Tina. 

 "Stand up, then kneel again," ordered Janet. 

 Tina did as she was ordered. She favored her behind when it rested on the 
  soles of her feet. Janet observed her silently, considering what should she 
  do next. Take her to the Dungeon and whip her soundly? Take her to bed and make 
  her service her Mistress? The possibilities seemed endless at the moment. 

 "Would you like to make love to your Mistress?" asked Janet. 

 Janet had waited for months to make love to Erica, and had instead been used 
  by Stephanie first. But then, she was a new girl in training. In contrast, Tina 
  was already experienced when she had arrived. And they had been under the same 
  roof already for two weeks, with Tina receiving discipline occasionally. So 
  the circumstances were not the same. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Janet led her not to her bedroom, but to another. She let Tina undress her, 
  then lay naked upon the covers. Tina was still adorned with her leather bracelets. 

 "Please me," said Janet. 

 Tina started by kissing Janet's erect nipples, made sweaty and erect by her 
  leather bra. She licked the furrow between Janet's breasts, tasting the salty 
  sweat that had dried on her skin. Her roving tongue gradually made it's way 
  down to Janet's own sex and she buried her tongue between Janet's sex. Janet 
  moaned with pleasure as she was aroused and then quickly brought to climax by 
  Tina. Who was well trained and experienced, far more than Janet had ever been. 

 Janet bucked and moaned, then finally exploded in orgasm after orgasm as her 
  own sexual energy was released by the Tina's efforts. 

 Finally, after they were both exhausted, Janet locked Tina's collar to a chain 
  that was hanging from a ringbolt. They both slept at the same time. 

* * * * 

Janet breathed a sigh of relief when the last document was classified, holed, 
  and placed in the loose-leaf binder. She had stopped when Tina had announced 
  Dinner the night before, when she had found the dread document telling of the 
  test that she must undergo. 

 But the night's activities had brightened her spirits. In the morning, she 
  had released Tina, and they had bathed together. Janet dressed herself, and 
  went downstairs to the kitchen while Tina was still getting ready. She sipped 
  juice while Tina prepared the rest of her breakfast, a western omelet that tasted 
  wonderful. 

 Afterwards, she had adjourned back to the library with a cup and a pitcher 
  of black coffee. She sipped at her coffee while reading the final papers, remembering 
  the events of the previous night. 

 Pleased with herself, Janet finally felt like she was a real Mistress, not 
  just an amateur. She had felt like a fake ever since she had found that she 
  had inherited Erica's estate, and last night had finally proved what she might 
  be capable of. 

 It wasn't necessary to be mean or cruel to a slave, merely to test their limits. 
  While she was sure that she had gone nowhere near what Tina was capable of, 
  it was a good first night that she would long savor and remember. 

 There was nothing in the rest of the package of consequence. Janet got up 
  from the desk and decided to walk around. Outside, the rest of the world had 
  gone to work. Inside, Janet was now in her own world, one that she was determined 
  to keep for herself. 

 Instead of wearing a blouse and skirt, she was wearing an old shirt, torn 
  jeans, and a pair of open toed sandals. She opened the library doors, and inhaled 
  the country air. Walking outside briefly, she watched a plane off in the distance. 

 "What next?" Janet asked herself. 

 Seating herself at the desk again, she remembered that she had wanted to go 
  through it. Unlike every other drawer that she had opened in the house, these 
  finally contained some disorganized contents. There were the financial records 
  of the house, all bills, paid and unpaid, organized neatly. Janet doubted that 
  all of Erica's correspondence was here, but she went through all of it. 

 When she went to replace one of the hanging folders that fit into the desk 
  drawer, Janet saw an envelope bearing a familiar logo at the bottom of the desk 
  drawer. Janet bent down and grabbed the envelope. 

 It was from her company and addressed to Erica! The postmark said it had been 
  mailed three months ago, but it was empty. Nothing inside! 

 "Damn!" Janet cursed. 

 Draining her coffee cup and finding the pitcher empty, she had a sudden inspiration. 
  If Erica owned stock in some companies, why not others? 

 She picked up the phone, and this time she was calling Blanca. 

 After speaking to her secretary, Janet got lucky since Blanca was just back 
  from court. 

 "Janet, nice to talk to you. How can I help?" 

 "I just finished going over that package you gave me," Janet told Blanca. 

 "Good. Do you understand its contents?" 

 "Yes." 

 "Then you know what you have to do, then. Is there anything else?" 

 "Yes. I'd like you to fax me a complete listing of Erica's stock holdings?" 
  asked Janet. 

 "Why?" 

 "I'm looking for something, so please do it." 

 "No, you're not to have access to that for another year," refused Blanca, 
  "Besides, you can't do anything with it." 

 "I don't want to sell any of it, I just want to look for something." 

 "What?" asked Blanca. 

 "To see if she held stock in my old company, where I just got laid off from 
  yesterday," explained Janet. 

 "Why?" 

 "Curiosity, that's all." 

 "Again, no. I refuse." 

 Janet had once dated a stockbroker, and she had listened to him talk endlessly 
  about the market. After a while, though, she picked up some of the language. 

 "Blanca, if she's a shareholder of record, that will be public knowledge. 
  I may have to call shareholder services myself and I'll do it. It will only 
  take me a little time to find out, so don't make it more difficult for me. I 
  know how to find this information, damn it!" 

 She heard Blanca breathe a sigh at the other end of the phone, as she considered 
  just what to do next. 

 "All right. Yes, Erica was a stockholder in your old company. What does that 
  have to do with anything?" asked Blanca. 

 "Now it's my turn to refuse to answer," said Janet. 

 "You're learning," said Blanca, before Janet heard the connection severed. 

 Janet wished she could have some more coffee now, hot and black. She felt 
  a small measure of satisfaction that she had gotten something out of Blanca. 
  Janet fingered the envelope. 

 It wasn't too much of a leap of imagination to believe that Erica had arranged 
  to have Janet fired from her company shortly after her death. Janet resolved 
  to continue searching until she found the letter itself. Or something from Erica 
  asking that she is to be fired on a certain date. 

 "A small victory," said Janet, "is better than none at all." 

 Whenever Janet had been out of work in the past, she had managed to fill her 
  time with reading and soap operas. Now, as Mistress of an estate, she found 
  all she could do was to explore the mansion and watch Tina at her chores. 

 After rising, she had freed Tina of her bracelets. They had bathed and dressed, 
  and Janet had ordered Tina to wear a red rubber Maid's outfit for the day. Janet 
  loved the way it clung to her figure, and the wet sound it made whenever Tina 
  moved. 

 Janet looked over the list of her stock portfolio, and decided that now was 
  the time to start learning. Her portfolio was to be exclusively controlled by 
  a broker here in Greenwich, so she called him for an appointment. Dressing again 
  in a smart looking business suit, she went to his office. 

 The terms were quite strict. He was not allowed to give any recommendations 
  or advice, only to execute buy or sell orders. He was to report to Blanca with 
  all of her trades, and to keep her informed. 

 Janet thought it would be quite a revelation to him if her knew the true purpose 
  of his strict orders. The winner would become a Mistress and the loser her slave. 
  She left his office with his card in her purse, and bought a Journal at the 
  first newsstand. 

 "Demon of Wall Street," she said to herself. 

 For the day at least, life was good.

 * * * * 

Some days later, while Janet was dozing in the library, she heard a knock on 
  the door. 

 "Yes," said Janet. 

 "Mistress Tiffany has come home," said Tina after she opened the door. 

 Janet got to her feet, just in time to see an airport limo arrive at the front 
  door. The driver opened the door for Tiffany, and got her bags out of the trunk. 
  Tiffany paid the driver, and faced Janet. 

 "Hello," greeted Tiffany. 

 "Have a good trip?" asked Janet. 

 Tiffany ran over and wrapped her arms around Janet, and they kissed awkwardly. 

 "I'm sorry I was such a fool," said Tiffany. "Can you ever forgive me?" 

 "Sure," Janet answered. 

 Tina had already taken Tiffany's bags inside, and the two Dominants entered 
  the house together. 

 "Hey!" said Tiffany, "it's a workday. What are you doing here?" 

 "I got fired," said Janet, glumly. 

 "That's too bad," answered Tiffany. 

 "Let's go in the library, and then you can tell me all about your trip," suggested 
  Janet. 

 After telling Tina that they would like some sodas, they went into the library. 
  Tiffany flopped down into one of the big leather chairs, and sank down into 
  the cushion. 

 "Where did you go?" asked Janet. 

 "Hawaii, Malibu, Baja. Every beach I ever wanted to," answered Tiffany. 

 "You certainly have a nice tan," said Janet. 

 "All over, too. Let's just say that I wasn't wearing any clothing." 

 "What about your medallion?" Janet asked. 

 "I had the medallion removed, but not the ring. After all, I'm no longer Erica's 
  slave," replied Tiffany. 

 "Andrea's no longer here to shave my pussy, so I guess that I'll let it grow 
  back," Janet offered. 

 "It looks better that way anyway. What have you been doing?" asked Tiffany. 

 "Keeping the home fires burning, learning what it takes to run a place like 
  this." 

 "You always were the level headed one, Janet. Did you read all that stuff 
  Erica left for us?" 

 "Yes, very boring," answered Janet. 

 "Quite. I lost interest going through that stuff," answered Tiffany. 

 The next day, Janet chanced upon Tina emptying the wastebasket from Tiffany's 
  bedroom. Inside was a week's worth of the Journal. 

 Damn! Thought Janet. 

* * * * * 

Part Two: Encounter with Evil 

 After her second trip into Greenwich to meet the broker, Janet decided that 
  now was a good time to walk around. Janet looked over the list and merely nodded, 
  holding the computer printout like it was about to bite her. She put the list 
  into her purse, and decided to stroll around for a while. 

 Walking outside in the summer air, she passed by an electronics shop and ventured 
  inside. Janet picked up a cell phone and played with it. 

 "Would you like to purchase it?" asked the salesgirl. 

 "Yes," smiled Janet in response. 

 It was her first purchase as Mistress of the House. She bought a mid-priced 
  model, and a calling plan. It was so light, Janet wondered if she knew that 
  it would really be in her purse. It was also just an impulse purchase, something 
  to justify her trip to go into Greenwich. 

 "It's great," said the girl, "perfect for an emergency." 

 "I don't plan on having one," answered Janet. 

 "Nobody does. Until you need it to save your life." 

 Janet slipped her purchase into her purse, and was reminded to charge it up 
  fully on its base every night. She decided that placing it on the nightstand 
  next to her bed would be a good spot for it. 

 When she arrived home, Janet programmed in Stephanie's number first, then 
  left it to charge for an entire day. 

 "Would you like to go somewhere tomorrow?" asked Tiffany over dinner. 

 "Where?" 

 "I've met a new Mistress named Lauren Singer. She's invited us to a party 
  at one of her friend's houses," offered Tiffany. 

 "Can't say that I ever heard Erica talk about a Mistress Lauren," commented 
  Janet. 

 "That's because her horizons were a little limited. Want to come?" 

 "Sure. When?" 

 "Tomorrow at 10. Don't worry, I'll drive," said Tiffany. 

 "Okay," smiled Janet. 

 The next evening, Tiffany and Janet set out together. Janet had worn a PVC 
  outfit that had been Erica's, and Tiffany had decided on a leather dress. Since 
  it was cool, they each wore a jacket. 

 Tiffany drove, and Janet wondered just how and when she had met this new Mistress. 
  Erica had been one of the most highly regarded Dominants, and surely knew everyone. 
  Except that Janet had not found any mention of Lauren in Erica's records, and 
  was puzzled by the omission. 

 They arrived at the house of a modest estate over the border in New York. 
  Tiffany parked the car, and they entered together. 

 Inside, some women that Janet had never met before warmly welcomed Tiffany. 
  She waited in silence as they embraced and kissed. 

 "I'd like to introduce Janet," said Tiffany. 

 "Pleased to meet you," said Janet. 

 "I'm Tanya," said one, "would you like a drink?" 

 "Sure." 

 "Let's go the bar," suggested Tanya. 

 Tanya was an attractive woman, thin tanned and muscular. Janet could see the 
  muscles that rippled beneath her skin. 

 "Have you ever been to one of Lauren's parties?" asked Tanya. 

 "No," Janet answered. 

 "Then you're in for a treat. Lauren just doesn't invite just anyone. You have 
  to be one of the special people. Drink?" 

 They had finally arrived at the bar. Behind the bar was a naked slave, wearing 
  a collar that attached her to the wooden bar. Janet noted that she wouldn't 
  be leaving her post until released, and there was a riding crop hanging from 
  the front of the bar. 

 "In case you're not satisfied, you can give the bartender a few strokes. Or 
  even if you are satisfied, and want to have some fun," smiled Tanya. 

 "Whiskey sour," ordered Janet. 

 The slave quickly mixed the drink, and placed it on a coaster before Janet. 
  Janet picked it up and took a sip. 

 "A little too sweet for me," observed Janet. 

 Before Janet could say that she would drink it anyway, Tanya grabbed the riding 
  crop and administered a few quick slashing strokes to the naked girl. Janet 
  noted how she cowered, and that her skin already bore the marks of several such 
  punishments. 

 "I'm sorry, Mistress," cried the girl. 

 The girl mixed another drink, and offered that to Janet. The second one was 
  tart and not that sweet, the way that Janet preferred. 

 "Thank you," said Janet. 

 "You're welcome, Mistress," thanked the girl. 

 "Did you have to do that?" Janet asked as they walked away. 

 "Why not? She's there for our use," commented Tanya. 

 "But not for something so petty as a bad drink. It certainly didn't merit 
  several harsh strokes like that," pointed out Janet. 

 "What kind of Mistress are you? The slaves are here for our enjoyment and 
  use," answered Tanya. 

 Janet chose not to respond, only to thank her companion and politely walk 
  away. Janet stayed out of everyone's way, only engaging in small talk with a 
  few of the other Mistresses when asked. 

 Instead, she hung back to observe. She seated herself in a large leather chair, 
  and watched as the other Mistresses displayed how they treated their slaves. 
  It was nothing unusual to see a girl led in by a leash, totally naked. But Janet 
  was offended by the almost casual and capricious way that the slaves were treated 
  and showed signs of abuse. Often, they were made to cower in fear with the threat 
  of a severe punishment if they did not obey quickly. 

 Janet was glad when she heard her cell phone buzz and she had to excuse herself 
  to find somewhere private to talk. 

 "Stephanie?" Janet asked when she was outside, "can you hear me?" 

 "Janet, where are you? I'm sorry, I was out all day and I didn't know you 
  called till I got home just now." 

 "I'm with Tiffany at a party." 

 "Really. Who's the host?" asked Stephanie. 

 "A Mistress Lauren, I haven't met her yet." 

 "Don't. Just leave," advised Stephanie. 

 "That would be rude," said Janet. 

 "You don't want to have anything to do with her," cautioned Stephanie, "trust 
  me, please?" 

 "Janet, so that's where you are!" said Tiffany. 

 "Have to go," Janet said into the phone. 

 "Janet, please! Listen to me," plead Stephanie, as Janet cut the connection. 

 "Who was that?" asked Tiffany. 

 "Just calling a friend," said Janet, "what's next?" 

 "The entertainment. I've been looking for you. I want to introduce you to 
  our host, Lauren," offered Tiffany. 

 "I'm looking forward to it." 

 Janet was soon shaking hands with her hostess, who Tiffany had introduced. 

 "I've been wanting to meet you for a long time," said Lauren, "ever since 
  Tiffany told me about you." 

 "She's never told me about you," replied Janet. 

 "Let's just say that I travel in different circles than the ones that you're 
  used to. Shall we go down to the Dungeon, since everyone else went there while 
  you were outside." 

 "Sure." 

 Janet followed Tiffany and Lauren down to the Dungeon. Smaller than the one 
  under Erica's house it still had enough space for all the usual things that 
  a Mistress would want. 

 It was obvious that the entertainment had gotten started without Janet. The 
  other guests had begun by punishing two naked girls already, and numerous stripes 
  and welts already covered their bodies. 

 Tanya pressed a crop into Janet's hand, which she took and did not use. Instead, 
  Janet played with the crop, bending it with her hands. 

 "Why don't you use one of the girls?" asked Tiffany. 

 "Thank you," said Janet. 

 Suddenly, all eyes were on Janet as she walked over towards the spot where 
  one of the slaves was hanging from a ceiling chain. Janet noted that the girl 
  was attired in a collar and bracelets, and a spreader bar opened her ankles. 

 Janet looked the girl in the eye. 

 "What's your name?" asked Janet. 

 "Audrey, Mistress." 

 "Do you accept my discipline?" demanded Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Since she did not know either how much the girl had been used before, or what 
  she had been trained to endure, Janet only administered several light strokes 
  with the crop. Then she felt the girl's breasts and sex, making her moan. 

 When she was finished, she was surprised to find Lauren standing behind her. 

 "Surely you can do better than that?" asked Lauren. 

 "What do you mean?" asked Janet. 

 "I'm sure that you've been punished harsher than that, haven't you?" questioned 
  Lauren. 

 "Yes. But I don't know how she's been trained," pointed out Janet. 

 "That doesn't matter here," said Lauren. 

 "It always matters," corrected Janet. 

 "Who was your trainer?" demanded Lauren. 

 "Mistress Erica," said Janet. 

 "Erica was a sentimental fool," said Lauren. 

 "I disagree." 

 "Then let me demonstrate," said Lauren. 

 Janet handed the crop to Lauren, who soon replaced it with a whip instead. 
  Janet then seated herself on a chair that was near a small bar, with the same 
  girl chained to it. 

 "Do you submit?" asked Lauren. 

 "Yes, Mistress," cried Audrey. 

 "Now you shall know what it feels like to have a truly severe Mistress!" 

 Lauren began her punishment with a series of hard strokes that left the girl 
  panting from the pain. It didn't take long for a series of ugly red welts to 
  appear on her body. 

 "Why doesn't she call for mercy?" Janet asked the bartender, softly. 

 "Because she knows that it will not be heeded," said the girl, "were you really 
  trained by Mistress Erica?" 

 "Yes, I was her slave," Janet answered. 

 "Then you served a better Mistress than any here," she quietly replied. 

 When the whip curled itself around her body, Audrey hung limply from her chains. 
  Lauren continued to strike her without pause or mercy, and ignored the moans 
  from the girl. 

 "Stop it," said Janet to Tanya, since Tiffany had disappeared. 

 "Why?" 

 "Because Audrey's been used enough," Janet protested. 

 "Lauren's not finished yet," replied Tanya. 

 "Lauren may not be done, but I am," said Janet. 

 Janet rose to her feet and walked out of the Dungeon. She had asked the address 
  before they went to the house, and called a cab from her cell phone. She felt 
  sick and disgusted by what she had seen. But it was the look of pure venom on 
  Lauren's face when Janet had taken her exit that Janet remembered most as she 
  left the party. 

 The End of Chapter Eight 




Janet in Training
Chapter Nine: The Ordeal

 Janet looked outside her bedroom window at the dark winter sky. She had been 
  sleeping in Erica's bedroom now for months, and fortunately Tiffany had not 
  made an issue of it. But it still felt strange sleeping in Erica's bed, wearing 
  her clothes, and living her life. It had been six months since her death last 
  summer, and the time had gone by quickly. 

 She rose from bed, and decided not to go through the ritual of having Tina 
  bathe and dress her. It was a nice luxury, to be sure. And she often enjoyed 
  it. But not everyday, and she wasn't a child that had to be pampered at her 
  every move. 

 Janet stretched, and jumped in the hot shower. She washed off the sweat that 
  had been generated when she and Tiffany had dominated a new girl named Denise 
  Powell who had been in Erica's records. Janet had decided that she didn't want 
  to intrude on Tiffany's scene, and had politely excused herself halfway through. 
  She could have continued with Tina, but had decided to read for the rest of 
  the night. Besides, she had already decided to use Tina tomorrow night. Janet 
  had brought a riding crop, and straps to tie Tina to her bed. She was going 
  to have a wonderful evening planned. 

 She soaped her breasts and belly, glad that she was using the exercise room. 
  Tina had gone to school for cooking, and Janet wondered if she was qualified 
  to be a chef. Had she not exercised, Janet was worried that she would have gained 
  weight. Still, she had asked Tina to lay off the rich food and adjusted the 
  menus accordingly. Gluttons didn't fit into skintight rubberwear. 

 After the shower awakened her, she dressed in a plaid shirt and old jeans. 
  She pulled her legs into a pair of boots, and tucked her cuffs inside. Janet 
  would be going into town today to the broker, and she had to prepare. 

 In the six months that they had been living together as two Dominants under 
  one roof, there was one thing that they never discussed: Erica's contest. 

 They shared in the training and discipline of slaves, even slept together 
  on occasion. They shared the most intimate details that two women could have 
  under one roof. But still, they could not discuss the Sword of Damocles that 
  hung above them. 

 Janet had never made any mention of it, nor about what she was doing. She 
  had memorized the brokers number, then burned his card. Then she had rented 
  a bank safety deposit box in town where she kept her notes. She never kept her 
  notes at home, nor discussed them in any way. 

 Tiffany was far different. She left copies of financial newspapers at home, 
  with stocks clearly circled. Her notes were sometimes found lying around, and 
  she made little effort to conceal what she was doing. Janet didn't know if she 
  really owned the stocks, of course. 

 After dressing, she went downstairs. The kitchen was empty, and Janet guessed 
  that Tiffany had asked Tina to help her bathe and dress. So Janet got her juice 
  from the fridge, and started the water for fresh coffee. 

 If Janet wanted to be independent, Tiffany wanted to be pampered. She would 
  frequently use Tina as her bath girl in the morning, making her rise very early. 
  If she made a mistake, Tina would be sure to receive a few strokes with the 
  crop that Tiffany kept in her room. 

 Still, Tina did not complain. She had demonstrated her ability to serve both 
  as a domestic and more. They both used her as their assistant in the Dungeon, 
  and as sex slave at night. Janet sometimes wondered if Tiffany was careless, 
  however. 

 Tina ran into the kitchen, her heels clicking on the tiles. Worry was clearly 
  visible on her face. 

 "Mistress Janet, I'm sorry to be late," Tina apologized. 

 "It's all right," said Janet. 

 "I was being used by Mistress Tiffany." 

 "I know. Tell me, does Tiffany interfere in your work in keeping the house? 
  Then punish you if you have failed to clean or do something?" questioned Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Thank you, Tina. I had no idea. I'll take up the matter with Tiffany, and 
  she will not interfere with your work again." 

 "Thank you, Mistress," answered Tiffany. 

 Breakfast was a loud affair, with Tiffany eager to explain how she had disciplined 
  and used Denise. Janet listened to her, hearing the details like Tiffany had 
  just bought a coat at a department store. She wondered if Tiffany had really 
  read all of the documents that Erica had left them. Or had just managed to find 
  the one on the stock market contest and ignore the rest. 

 She certainly hadn't read the parts on training and using slave girls. Janet 
  had spent day after day, reading and rereading, constantly asking questions 
  of Stephanie. Since Janet had befriended Stephanie, Tiffany had instead turned 
  for advice to Mistress Lauren Singer. Mistress Lauren evidently hadn't read 
  those rules either, and Stephanie was strangely silent about her. 

 Like two prizefighters in the ring, Janet thought, they both had their respective 
  corners and advisors. After breakfast, she went to the library, and turned on 
  the radio to get the weather report. Snow was forecast, and she wanted to drive 
  into town to see the broker. 

 Tiffany would use the phone to contact her broker, and Erica certainly wouldn't 
  have them use the same person, or even the same firm. But Janet didn't dare 
  use the phone. Instead, Janet followed her ritual of driving into town. Then 
  she used the public library (she had given the library a generous donation during 
  a fundraising drive) then went to the broker, and returned home. Her excuse 
  was that she was going shopping, and she had to purchase something to justify 
  her trips. 

 Living in Connecticut during winter was quite different than in Queens. Greenwich 
  was full of hills, not flat like Queens, so driving was challenge even during 
  good weather. Small winding roads, slower speeds, and frequent hills all made 
  the place a nightmare to drive through. Janet had learned caution when after 
  a brief rainstorm she had hit the brakes and slid through an intersection. So 
  she drove nice and slow. 

 Snow was forecast, but only in the evening. Good, that would give her the 
  chance to go to Greenwich and do her business with the broker. Janet now had 
  to decide what coat to wear today. 

 Looking at her watch, she saw that it was near opening time for the library. 
  It would be nice to have a day out. However, she wondered if it was better to 
  confront Tiffany about her treatment of Tina first, or leave it for later in 
  the day. 

 Her decision was made for her when she heard the front door close with a bang. 
  That meant that Tiffany was off somewhere, and gone for the day. 

 At least that decision had been postponed for now. Since Tiffany had made 
  friends with Mistress Lauren, she had certainly changed, and for the worse. 
  Lauren expressed the view that she was lord over her slaves, and treated them 
  badly. She definitely was glad that her first Mistress had been Erica, and not 
  Lauren. It was one thing to serve and be properly disciplined. It was another 
  to be carelessly treated by a selfish and intolerant Mistress. Janet shivered 
  at the life that her slaves must lead! 

 Finishing her coffee, Janet turned the radio off. Only to see large white 
  snowflakes start drifting down onto the ground, sticking right as they landed. 

 "Just a great day," said Janet aloud, "I have to see the broker, I have to 
  talk with Tiffany, and it has to snow. What else will the gods throw at me today?" 

 "Mistress?" asked Tina, "I heard you speaking. Were you calling me?" 

 "No, Tina. Just talking to myself, thank you. You may proceed with your work." 

 "Thank you, Mistress," Tina answered as she closed the library doors. 

 Janet did not look where she was going until she walked right into Erica's 
  computer, almost toppling over the minitower. 

 "Damn!" shouted Janet, after stubbing her toe on the computer's desk. 

 She seated herself on the chair, and pulled her boot off, massaging her aching 
  toe. It throbbed, and she was considering calling Tina to get an icepack for 
  her. Suddenly, her eyes turned to feral slits as she looked at the computer 
  setup. 

 "Holy cow, what a fool I've been," said Janet to herself. 

 Janet stared at the computer like it was an alien artifact. In the six months 
  since they had inherited the estate, neither of them had touched the computer. 
  Tiffany, after leaving her job, had said that she had never wanted to use one 
  again. Janet had just been too busy, and even though she was in the library 
  constantly, she had never thought to turn it on either. 

 All of the memories of Erica working on the computer flooded back to her. 
  Whenever she had arrived, Erica could usually be found at the machine. Janet 
  wondered just how much she worked at the machine when the other household duties 
  were taken care of. 

 Her hand was reaching for the on switch when she stopped herself. She suddenly 
  remembered that once at her firm files had been deleted by accident. So they 
  had taken the machine to a data retrieval service that had recovered them. If 
  Janet had turned on the machine, they would likely have been lost! 

 Since Erica had covered her other clues, why not this one? Assuming that Erica 
  had deleted the files, they would still be on the hard drive. She opened the 
  desk drawer for the local phone books, her throbbing foot totally forgotten. 

 "Eureka!" Janet shouted. 

 Not only was there a data retrieval service here in Greenwich, they were connected 
  to the firm that her company had used in Manhattan! She picked up the phone, 
  and asked their hours. 

 Janet pulled her boot on again, and pulled the computer desk away from the 
  wall. Fortunately, the cables were few and easy. She carried the computer into 
  the kitchen, and wrapped it in plastic bags. 

 Pulling her coat around herself, she exited the house. The drive into Greenwich 
  was already slow, and she passed an accident. Finally, she pulled in front of 
  her destination. 

 "Can I help you?" asked the woman at the front desk. 

 "Yes, I called earlier. I need something retrieved from this machine," answered 
  Janet. 

 "Fill out this form, and I'll have someone take care of you," said the woman 
  as she passed Janet a clipboard, form, and pen. 

 Janet raced through the form just in time for a white-coated man to enter 
  the waiting area. 

 "Hi, I'm Carl. Sharon tells me you need something found?" 

 "Hello, I'm Janet Davis. Yes, I need something from this machine, and I'm 
  afraid that I may erase it by accident." 

 "Step this way, please," indicated Carl. 

 Janet followed him to a clean area, where computer lay open their internal 
  contents open to view. He sat down at a bench, and motioned for Janet to put 
  the machine down and take a seat. 

 "Would you like to leave it here?" he asked. 

 Janet had taken two new crisp hundred-dollar bills and had them hidden in 
  her hand. This was something she needed now, and couldn't wait. 

 "The information I need is of a pressing nature, and must be extracted immediately 
  for business reasons. I'm prepared to wait," answered Janet. 

 "No problem, I can do this right away," he said. 

 Janet watched in silence as he opened the box up, and disconnected the disk 
  drive, only to reconnect it to another computer on his desk. Then he turned 
  his machine on and fed power to only the disk drive on Erica's computer. He 
  fiddled around with his keyboard for a moment, and Janet watched as file names 
  scrolled on the screen. 

 "What are you looking for?" Carl asked. 

 "Any files that were deleted just before the computer was last used six months 
  ago," answered Janet. 

 He typed in a few more commands, then sat back in his chair. 

 "There's just one, a letter." 

 "Print it, please," asked Janet. 

 The printer at the counter buzzed to life, and Janet walked over and removed 
  it. She felt like screaming when she read the contents. 

 Dear Richard, As per our earlier discussion, Secretary Janet Davis is to be 
  dismissed for whatever reason immediately after she returns to work. 

 Erica Riken 

 "Thank you," Janet stuttered when she looked up from the paper. 

 "By the way, had you turned it on, that would have been deleted," cautioned 
  Carl. 

 Janet paid for the service in cash, and handed Carl the bills that she had 
  kept folded in her hand. 

 "That's not necessary," he said. 

 "Buy the whole office a good lunch on me. I don't want any solicitations in 
  the mail from you for computer services. So keep me off your mailing list. That's 
  what the extra payment is for," said Janet. 

 Once back in the car, with the computer at her side, Janet felt like pounding 
  the steering wheel. Had Erica and Andrea really died when their plane went down 
  in the rugged mountains of Mexico? No bodies, or the plane, had ever been found. 

 Instead, now Janet knew that she was a puppet on a string. Everything that 
  happened had been arranged months in advance. Erica's death, the will, the contest. 
  Everything. Except knowing that changed nothing. There was still the stock market, 
  and the possibility that she might become Tiffany's slave. 

 Janet wiped the tears from her eyes before setting out for the library. She 
  placed the printed letter in her safety deposit box before going home as her 
  last stop that day. The dark gray winter sky, with snow falling, was a perfect 
  match for her mood right now. 

* * * * 

Dinner was over, and they were both lingering at the table over coffee and 
  dessert. 

 "Janet," began Tiffany, "I've noticed that you've been very moody lately." 

 "Yes, I guess so," Janet answered. 

 "Well, I think that you should use that little girl I've been training, Denise." 

 "You've already used Denise twice this week," said Janet. 

 "Yes, but she loves it so." 

 "You should really give her a break. If you use her too often, she'll never 
  want to serve you," cautioned Janet. 

 "I disagree. The harder you use a girl, the more she'll want to serve." 

 "Where did you hear that from. Lauren?" 

 "Yes. Her girls are very well behaved," stated Tiffany. 

 "I'm sure they are, and terrified to boot. Erica never used you quite so harshly," 
  parried Janet. 

 "She had me pierced," pouted Tiffany. 

 "Which you thought of as a mark of love, which was what you told me," said 
  Janet. 

 "Maybe you're right about that. But still, we're on top now, and should act 
  like it. So instead of entertaining Denise tonight, how about going to Lauren's? 
  She's going to have a little party tonight, and we're invited," Tiffany offered. 

 "No thanks." 

 "I never said anything when you took me to Stephanie's, did I? You can at 
  least be polite by going to see one of my friends, too," criticized Tiffany. 

 Janet realized that Tiffany was correct. Holding her emotions in check, she 
  breathed deeply and took the last swallow of coffee before answering. 

 "All right. I'll go. What's on the agenda?" 

 "Just a little party game," answered Tiffany. 

 Janet chose to wear a white linen blouse and a plaid skirt. When she waited 
  for Tiffany, she wondered just what her companion had decided. Janet bit her 
  lip when she saw that Tiffany had picked a skintight red rubber dress, and matching 
  shoes. 

 "Won't you be a little cold in that?" 

 "We're going to someone's house, not out to a nightclub," Tiffany pointed 
  out. 

 "And rubber is a little fragile also. It's one thing to wear it at home. Something 
  else to wear it outside," cautioned Janet. 

 "Will you cut it out," said Tiffany. "We have to go now, or we'll be late. 
  So let's go." 

 "Who's driving?" 

 "You are." 

 With the sky totally black and the roads slippery, Janet decided to take the 
  Toyota. Tiffany wanted her to drive the BMW, but Janet talked her out of it. 
  She preferred to use the FWD sedan, rather than the sporty BMW. Tiffany was 
  mollified by the idea that they might go out and splurge on a SUV. It seemed 
  that the prospect of spending money always managed to impress Tiffany. 

 Janet however, had a simpler idea for dealing with bad weather: don't drive. 

 The trip was long and slow, with Tiffany always urging her to go faster. Janet 
  kept her mouth shut, determined to get them there in one piece. Learning to 
  drive here had been a bitch, and it had taken her a long time, but they finally 
  arrived. 

 Mistress Lauren Singer lived well outside Greenwich, in an estate that had 
  once been part of a large farm. Gradually, the surrounding land had been sold 
  off, leaving only the house, which had been surrounded with a wall also. Janet 
  drove up the driveway, and pressed a button on a post where a speaker was located. 
  The gate opened, and she drove up to the house. 

 When they parked and exited the car, the door was opened and a Maid was waiting 
  for them. Janet noted that the Maid was wearing a black silk outfit, high heels, 
  and a kerchief on her head. She was also wearing a collar and bracelets on her 
  wrists. 

 "Good evening," greeted the Maid, "you are expected." 

 "Thank you," answered Tiffany. 

 Janet followed her companion into the house. The Maid took their coats, and 
  ushered them into the dining room. 

 Mistress Lauren Singer was in her late thirties, slim and good looking. Janet 
  thought that at one time she might have been a model, but that had not been 
  the case. 

 "Good evening, Tiffany. Nice to see you again, and you've brought Janet," 
  greeted Lauren. 

 "I came along for the ride," said Janet. 

 "What a liar," said Tiffany, "she insisted on driving." 

 "Really. Are you a good driver?" asked Lauren. 

 "Yes," Janet answered, "it all depends on who's in control." 

 "Let me introduce you to our other guests," Lauren took Janet's hand, and 
  they walked over to the dining room table. Seated were two other women, none 
  of whom Janet recognized. 

 "This is Carla and Rene," introduced Lauren, "this is Janet Davis, who lives 
  with Tiffany." 

 "Nice to meet you," said Carla, "why don't you sit down?" 

 "Thank you," said Janet as she pulled up a chair. 

 "Drink?" asked Carla. 

 "Thank you, is there any white wine?" 

 "Sabrina?" called Carla. 

 The Maid walked quickly to the dining room table, and stood at attention before 
  the seated women. 

 "Janet here wasn't served properly," said Carla. 

 "Would you like a drink, Mistress?" asked Sabrina. 

 "Yes, some white wine would do," said Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Sabrina walked quickly to the bar, and poured a slender glass of white wine. 
  She walked back, and placed it on the wooden table with a coaster. 

 "Your wine, Mistress," said Sabrina as she bowed. 

 "Thank you, Sabrina," replied Janet. 

 As Sabrina walked away, Janet speculated on whom among her two companions 
  would use this little omission for an excuse to punish Sabrina. Lauren had not 
  taken the bait from the small insult that Janet had used, but Janet still suspected 
  that her host would somehow use it against her later. 

 'God, I wish Stephanie was here,' thought Janet. 

 In the last six months, it had been Stephanie who had taught her all about 
  being a Mistress. Weeks before, Janet was at a party where had seen Lauren mistreat 
  a slave girl past her breaking point. Janet wondered if she was going to do 
  it again. 

 "Have you dominated many girls?" asked Rene. 

 "A few. I'm still feeling my way around," Janet answered. 

 "Lauren has showed me the proper way to deal with my girls," said Carla. 

 "Really?" asked Janet. 

 "She's going to provide a demonstration here tonight," said Rene, "so don't 
  spoil the fun for our new guest, Carla, by spilling the beans too early." 

 Janet took a sip of her drink, and decided to hold her tongue. There was a 
  structure here, a hierarchy of Dominance. And it was Lauren who was holding 
  court in her house, like an African hyena out on the plains. Stephanie had made 
  it quite plain to Janet that she disapproved of Lauren and her methods. 

 "Are we ready, ladies?" asked Lauren as she approached the dining room table. 

 "Yes," answered Janet, "but for what?" 

 "First, the prize. Sabrina!" called Lauren. 

 Sabrina led a naked chained slave girl by a leash. The girl was completely 
  naked, wearing only a collar, bracelets on her wrists and ankles, and a ball 
  gag. Her wrists were joined behind her back, and a leather strap was closed 
  above her elbows drawing her arms together. 

 "This is Myra, who belongs to Rene. She's been a bad little girl lately, and 
  so Rene and I have decided that she's going to be the evening's prize in a little 
  contest." 

 "Really," said Janet as Tiffany seated herself next to her. 

 Janet looked Myra over, and saw that she had been well whipped. Stripes, new 
  and old, traced their way over her naked body. The girl held herself well, though 
  the elbow strap must have hurt. Janet wondered what she must have been thinking, 
  with her mouth filled with the rubber ball. 

 "Janet, since you're new here, I'll let you do the honors. Could you go to 
  the china closet and remove the game from the upper drawer?" asked Lauren. 

 "Certainly," said Janet. 

 Doing as she was told, Janet walked over to the china closet and opened the 
  top drawer. Inside was a wrapped rectangular object that she carried back to 
  the table. Janet placed it in front of her as she again seated herself, waiting 
  for further instructions. 

 "You may open it, Janet," directed Lauren. 

 Janet pulled off the wrapping paper, and revealed a game from her childhood, 
  Conquest. She pulled off the paper, and folded it neatly. Janet then placed 
  it in the center of the table, so that all of Lauren's guests were facing it. 

 "You're all familiar with Conquest, I hope?" asked Lauren. 

 "Haven't played that in years," said Rene. 

 "Me too," added Carla. 

 Around the table, each guest admitted that they had played the game at one 
  time or another. Finally, everyone looked at Janet. 

 "I used to play, but that was years ago," admitted Janet. 

 When her brother hadn't been trying to beat the crap out of her bodily, he 
  had been doing so on the board game. They had played Conquest constantly throughout 
  childhood all the way to college. Finally, tired of being beat, she had read 
  some books on war, learned her mistakes, and started beating him. By the time 
  she reached college, she was unbeatable. Macho male guys in the student center 
  would find that she was a tough customer who they couldn't defeat. 

 "Well then, let's begin. The winner will have the use of Myra here tonight. 
  All of us get to watch down in my playroom," said Lauren. 

 Janet opened the box, and unfolded the board onto the table. All of the players 
  chose their color armies, and the nation cards were distributed. The armies 
  were counted out, and placed on the board. They rolled the dice to set the order 
  of play, and the four women engaged in War to conquer the world. With the prize 
  being Myra, who had been led away by Sabrina. 

 Janet hung back, playing conservatively, letting the others battle it out. 
  She attacked gradually, gaining new countries at first, continents next. Her 
  color, red, that she had always used, gradually took over more and more of the 
  Earth's surface. 

 In desperation, two of her opponents joined together to stop her. But with 
  one brilliant move after another, she first smashed one opponent, then another. 

 One by one, the others were eliminated. Their armies were removed from the 
  board, and they became her audience. Finally, she faced Rene, but it was all 
  over. Rene was left with just South America, and she conceded defeat. 

 "Well," said Lauren, "you certainly have a poker face." 

 "Thank you," said Janet. 

 "Do you conquer the world on a regular basis?" asked Lauren. 

 "Not since college. But I haven't forgotten how." 

 "Had I known that we had such a good player in our midst, I would have chosen 
  something else," said Lauren. 

 "This was quite nice," said Janet as she began to put away the game, "perhaps 
  we should play again sometime." 

 "Not against you," replied Carla, "you're quite a vicious player." 

 "This is war, remember," said Janet, "the winner dominates the loser." 

 "Bravo," cheered Rene, "and now you get the use of Myra." 

 The four players and Lauren stood up from the table. Lauren insisted on showing 
  them through the house, pointing out the gifts that her affluent slaves had 
  given her over the years. 

 "Would you like to get dressed in something more fitting, Janet? I'm sure 
  that I can find something in leather that would fit. I have such a large wardrobe, 
  after all," offered Lauren. 

 "Thank you," said Janet, accepting her offer. 

 "You can go into my bedroom. My slave Sabrina is busy now, so you'll have 
  to get dressed yourself." 

 "It's all right, I can manage," answered Janet. 

 Having seen the bedroom already, Janet went by herself. Lauren had went back 
  to finish giving the rest of her guests the tour of the house. 

 Janet opened Lauren's closet, which she had only glimpsed before, and walked 
  inside. Looking every bit as stocked as Erica's, Janet knew that she wouldn't 
  have any problem finding something to wear. 

 Twenty minutes later, she was dressed in a simple black leather bra, skirt, 
  stockings, and high heels. Janet admired herself in the mirror, and was glad 
  that they were nearly were the same size. 

 Walking carefully on the rug, Janet made her way downstairs. All the doors 
  to the Dungeon had been left open, so that she would have no trouble finding 
  her way there. 

 When she arrived in the Dungeon, she found Lauren, Tiffany, Rene, and Carla 
  seated on whicker chairs shaped like thrones. Sabrina was standing next to a 
  bar cart, and two of the guests were holding glasses. 

 But at the center of the room was Myra! She was hanging from the ceiling by 
  her wrists, which had been joined together. Her legs were held open by a spreader 
  bar that was locked to her ankle bracelets. Her feet could barely touch the 
  floor, so she swayed somewhat. Her body was strained, and Janet could see the 
  ribs below her skin. 

 Myra still wore the ballgag in her mouth, and Janet proceeded to walk around 
  her. Janet had not gotten a close look at her before, and she was distressed 
  to find that the girl had just been recently used. Fresh red stripes already 
  decorated her flesh, and Janet wondered if she should be used again quite so 
  soon. 

 Walking back to her audience, she bowed, then stood in front of Rene. 

 "May I have the use of your property?" asked Janet. 

 "Of course. You may use whatever means you desire," said Rene. 

 Janet walked back over to Myra. Her fingertips touched the girl's trembling 
  skin, feeling the new welts as she traced their paths on her skin. She could 
  almost smell the fear that this girl radiated, bound in her prison of steel 
  and leather. 

 Janet slowly unbuckled the ballgag, and it had been tightened so that when 
  removed the ball almost popped out of Myra's mouth and the strap left it's cruel 
  imprint on the corners of her mouth. 

 "Thank you, Mistress Janet," panted Myra. 

 Janet continued inspecting the bound girl, and realizing that she had already 
  been severely used already, would not impose a harsh discipline upon her. It 
  seemed strange to her that Myra had been chosen, since her capacity for more 
  punishment was already quite limited. Janet saw a flogger with broad strands 
  hanging nearby, and decided to use that. 

 "Why so conservative, Janet?" asked Lauren. 

 "Mistress?" 

 "Janet, she's yours to use. Surely you can find something better than that 
  flogger," advised Lauren. 

 Lauren rose from her chair, walked over, and found a cat. Made of many strands 
  like the flogger, except that the tips of each one ended in a knot. Janet knew 
  that this would mark Myra and hurt with each stroke. 

 "I'll try the whip, instead," chose Janet. 

 "Good choice," said Lauren, handing her a slender coiled whip. 

 "Do you, Myra, accept my discipline?" asked Janet, standing in front of her 
  captive. 

 "Yes, Mistress," said Myra. 

 "Than kiss the handle, and thank me for what you are about to receive," ordered 
  Janet. 

 Myra did as she was instructed, and thanked Janet. Janet walked around her 
  once more, trying to decide where she could use the whip on virgin flesh. But 
  Myra had already been used before. 

 Janet lashed out, and the whip coiled itself around Myra's thighs. The tip 
  came to rest between her legs, making her flinch. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," cried Myra. 

 "No need to count," said Janet. 

 Janet struck again and again, watching as her new strokes were made evident 
  on Myra's body. Her flesh gradually became red and warm, and Janet could almost 
  feel the heat emanating from her punished figure. 

 The whip landed again and again, and Janet would pause between sets of ten 
  stokes. She wanted to carefully gauge the effect of her discipline, and did 
  not want to exceed Myra's capacity. 

 "Are you a good girl, Myra?" asked Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Myra. 

 "Let's see now," said Janet. 

 Pausing in her use of Myra, Janet then proceeded to pinch Myra's nipples, 
  then bite them slightly with her teeth, making her squeal with both pain and 
  delight. Then her hands rubbed the warm and punished flesh of Myra's bottom, 
  separating the ass cheeks to glimpse the entry to her behind. 

 Then Janet invaded her sex with just her index finger, and found that Myra 
  was wet and excited by her ordeal. Janet ordered her not to cum, but then proceeded 
  to do everything possible to climax her. Myra held fast, but Janet noted the 
  Goosebumps on her flesh. 

 "Mistress, no," cried Myra. 

 "Silence, slut," ordered Janet. 

 Her audience sat in rapt attention, only breaking their interest when they 
  signaled to Sabrina for a drink. Janet did not do anything extra for them that 
  she might have done in her own Dungeon. 

 "Oh, oh!" cried Myra. 

 "Don't cum!" cautioned Janet. 

 In spite of her orders, Myra rocked in her chains as the massive orgasm overtook 
  her. She moaned and bucked, and the steel links reverberated in response. 

 "Bad girl," said Janet. 

 Janet again picked up the whip, delivering stroke after stroke that would 
  wrap itself cruelly around Myra's body. Each time, the tip would come to rest 
  on her back or behind. But it between her breasts and legs that Janet would 
  aim the most strokes, making Myra cry and moan within her chains. 

 Tears ran down Myra's cheeks as the whipping continued, streaking her makeup. 
  Janet continued her routine of ten strokes, then a pause to let the girl rest. 
  Janet was amazed that she could take so much, given that she had been already 
  used rather recently. 

 "Mercy, Mistress," cried Myra, suddenly, having reached her limit. 

 "What was that, slave?" asked Janet as she paused before another stroke. 

 "Mercy, Mistress," plead Myra. 

 "Kiss my whip and thank your Mistress," ordered Janet. 

 Myra did as she was told, and soon Janet was standing in front of her female 
  audience. 

 "The slave Myra has been soundly punished, and I thank..." 

 "What do you think that you're doing?" asked Lauren, anger in her voice. 

 "Slave Myra has called for mercy, and I accept her plea," correctly answered 
  Janet. 

 "Not in my house," said Lauren as she rose from her chair. 

 Lauren was carrying a riding crop in her left hand, and she advanced towards 
  Myra. Myra shook her chains in fear. 

 Lauren was about to deliver a stroke when Janet caught her arm and held it. 
  All eyes were upon her. 

 "The girl has been soundly used. The entertainment is done for this evening," 
  said Janet. 

 "It has not. You're not in your House, Janet, nor Stephanie's. My rules apply 
  here, and I say that we're not done with Myra just yet. Perhaps a few strokes 
  of the cane will bring her around." 

 "No!" replied Janet, "you gave her to me for the night. Since she is mine, 
  I say that her discipline is over. By every rule of conduct," said Janet. 

 "Not here, bitch," said Lauren. 

 "I repeat, Myra has called for mercy and her discipline is over," said Janet. 

 "Then if you will not let me punish her again, then you can take it in her 
  place. Surely the great Mistress Janet is capable of accepting discipline in 
  place of a lowly slave," insulted Lauren. 

 Suddenly time seemed to stop, and the entire universe revolved around Janet 
  and the Dungeon. Just a few days before, she had used Tina in hers, and even 
  though she had placed the girl in real distress, Tina had not been punished 
  like Myra had been now. 

 Janet looked at Myra's wracked form, and realized that the girl had been correct 
  in calling Mercy, and should not be whipped any more. Could Janet take her place, 
  for a girl that she didn't even own? Once before, at the very beginning of her 
  training with Erica, she had taken Tiffany's discipline. Janet had vowed never 
  to do so again. But this was very different! 

 Janet had fantasized that she would one day ask her friend Stephanie to do 
  a scene with her, so that she might know again the feel of the lash. But to 
  let Lauren be her tormentor, who Stephanie had warned her so much about! 

 "Well, Mistress Janet, do you accept?" demanded Lauren, holding her crop. 

 "Yes. Yes, I'll do it. Because you're such a bitch," insulted Janet. 

 Lauren went to strike Janet with her hand, but held back. 

 "Why should I strike you when I can use the whip instead?" asked Lauren. "Now 
  strip! Sabrina, attend me, please," ordered the Mistress. 

 Janet coiled her whip and placed it on a table where she had removed it. She 
  watched as Lauren ordered Sabrina to let Myra down from her imprisonment, then 
  Janet slowly removed her few articles of clothing. She placed those on the table 
  next to the whips and other articles of the Dungeon. 

 Soon, she was naked and bare. She shivered, even though the Dungeon was quite 
  warm. She walked slowly, her eyes downcast, towards Lauren. The Mistress was 
  standing next to Sabrina, who was helping Myra. 

 Janet sank to her knees in front of Lauren. She kept her legs open, so that 
  she was available for whatever the Mistress might desire of her. It had been 
  months since any woman had used the whip on her, and Janet longed for Erica. 

 "That's better. Janet, do you accept discipline in place of Myra, property 
  of Rene?" asked Lauren. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Janet felt the sting of a riding crop across her back. 

 "Yes, Mistress Lauren," cried Janet. 

 "That's better. Sabrina; outfit her in collar and bracelets. We'll see what 
  this poseur is really made of," ordered Lauren. 

 Janet sat silently as a collar was measured and locked around her neck. Her 
  wrists and ankles were soon locked in steel and leather, and she was finally 
  attired like that of a slave once again. 

 Lauren had changed into a leather dress, and her guests, including Tiffany, 
  still sat in their chairs. Before, it had Myra who had been the entertainment. 
  Now it would be Janet's turn. 

 "Up, slave," ordered Lauren. 

 Janet watched as Sabrina had led Myra away, hopefully to get cleaned up and 
  rested. The girl needed some relief from her torment, not any additional punishment! 

 Janet stood impassively as her wrists were locked above her head. Sabrina 
  had returned, and it was her job to secure Janet's ankles to a spreader bar. 
  Soon, Janet found herself in the same position as Myra before. 

 "I think that the only instrument to use is the one that was used on Myra," 
  observed Lauren. 

 Lauren procured the whip, snapping it in the air for all to see. The whip 
  cracked with deadly effect like a gunshot in the Dungeon. 

 "Are you ready, slave?" asked Lauren. 

 "Yes, Mistress Lauren. Please discipline me in place of Myra?" asked Janet. 

 "Kiss the handle," bluntly ordered Lauren, ice in her voice. 

 Janet did as she was ordered. She tensed as Lauren coiled the whip, afraid 
  for herself in a way that she had never been with either Erica or Stephanie. 

 "Owwww!" cried Janet. 

 "Owwww!" 

 "Owwww!" 

 The slender black leather whip, supple and sinuous, was cracked like a gunshot. 
  It wrapped itself around Janet the tip coming to rest with a force that Janet 
  had forgotten. 

 "Now Janet, we'll just see who's the better Mistress, or slave. You said earlier 
  about someone being in control. Now that's me in control over you. As it should 
  be. Enjoy your punishment, slave." 

 "Owwww!" 

 "Owwww!" 

 No matter how many times the whip wrapped itself her, Janet refused to either 
  cry for mercy or to acknowledge Lauren's will over her. She flinched and pulled 
  in her stomach every time the whip landed there or between her legs. Lauren 
  wanted to mark her skin, and used the thin whip with deadly effectiveness again 
  and again. 

 Janet felt her skin slowly heat up as the blood flowed to the surface in an 
  attempt to cool off her overheated body. Her sweat ran down her armpits and 
  between her breasts, and down her exposed flanks. 

 "Owwww!" 

 "Owwww!" 

 "Owwww!" 

 Janet counted another series of ten strokes, her pained shoulders and wrists 
  bearing her weight as she swung from the ceiling. It seemed as if the universe 
  had shrunk to just two people, just Lauren and herself. There was nothing else 
  except for the universe of pain as the whip landed once again. 

 She knew that tears were now flowing, and she could taste their saltiness 
  as they sometimes ran into her mouth. Janet had never been brought this far, 
  either by Erica or Stephanie. 

 "Had enough, slave?" asked Lauren. 

 "No, Mistress Lauren," answered Janet. 

 "Good. Then I'll see what else I have in my toybox." 

 Janet was glad for the temporary respite. Even though she knew that Lauren 
  was going to use something else on her, even a few seconds without the whip 
  was precious. 

 Lauren returned with a riding crop with a special broad tip. She flexed it 
  with her fingers, showing its stiffness. 

 "Ready?" asked Lauren. 

 "Yes, Mistress Lauren." 

 Lauren first struck at her tender breasts, making Janet cry out. Then she 
  used it on her behind, making her recoil in pain. But Janet knew that Lauren 
  was only warming up, that she was pacing Janet's ability to absorb the lash. 

 "Kiss the crop," ordered Lauren. 

 "Thank you, Mistress Lauren," repeated Janet as obeyed Lauren's orders. 

 The final use of the crop was between Janet's legs, on the inside of her thighs. 
  Janet moaned and strained as the crop was struck from side to side like a metronome 
  between her legs. Sometimes, the crop would strike her sex, making her cry out 
  even more. But Janet held her plea for mercy, digging her nails into her moist 
  palms. 

 "You are quite remarkable," said Lauren, "for someone who hasn't been trained 
  by me. Therefore, I shall put you to the final test. I shall whip you again 
  until I draw blood." 

 Janet's head rose in shock, just in time for Lauren to force a ballgag between 
  her lips and buckle it tight. 

 "Mmmmmph," cried Janet. 

 "The time that you could have called for mercy is over," said Lauren, "now 
  you shall feel the full force of my lash." 

 Suddenly, Janet remembered the warning that Mistress Erica had given her over 
  one year ago when she had been disciplined for the first time as a new slave. 
  That she should never submit to a Mistress who did not recognize the concept 
  of a safeword. Even though her body was already warmed up by the harsh punishment 
  that she had already received, her blood suddenly ran cold in her veins from 
  fear. 

 When the whip struck again, it was like an explosive force going off onto 
  her skin. Waves and waves of pain shot through her entire body, and it didn't 
  matter where the whip landed. Each stroke was like a crack of doom against her 
  naked flesh. 

 But it was her back where the whip expended its full force. Janet vainly tried 
  to avoid the whip as it struck her back repeatedly. Finally the universe blacked 
  out, as she fell into a bottomless pit of darkness. 

* * * * * 

"Mistress Janet?" 

 The tender voice was one that Janet didn't recognize. It was calling her name, 
  or was it? 

 "Mistress Janet, please wake up?" 

 "Where am I?" groggily asked Janet. 

 She was lying naked face down on a bed, and two women were attending to her 
  back, which she couldn't feel. 

 "You're in Lauren's house, remember. You took my place, remember? I'm Myra," 
  said the girl. 

 "Myra," repeated Janet. 

 The name brought back the memory of the early evening, a game, Rene's slave. 

 "Owwww!" cried Janet, when feeling suddenly returned to her back. 

 "I've stopped the bleeding, but only temporarily," said Sabrina, "but she 
  has to see a doctor before those wounds open up again." 

 "Bring my purse," cried Janet still dazed from the ordeal she had endured. 

 One of the girls brought Janet her purse, and she removed the cell phone, 
  spots dancing before her eyes. Janet punched in the memory number for Stephanie, 
  then was glad when she heard a familiar voice on the other end. 

 "Stephanie?" Janet asked. 

 "Janet?" answered Stephanie. 

 "Stephanie, bring your doctors bag to my house right away, and anything else 
  that you can carry." 

 "What's happened?" 

 "I've been badly hurt," cried Janet. 

 "What!" 

 "Can't talk now, see you soon," Janet answered as she cut the connection. 

 Janet stood up, and the two girls helped her put her panties and shoes on, 
  leaving off her bra. Janet felt the presence of bandages and tape on her back. 
  They then helped to button her blouse, and skirt. Buttoning her coat brought 
  waves of agony throughout her entire body. 

 "Where's Tiffany?" asked Janet. 

 "Gone. They're all gone. You have to drive yourself home," said Myra. 

 Janet felt like she would pass out, but the two slaves held her. Lauren's 
  slaves. They helped her outside, and got the keys from her purse. Dawn was breaking. 
  Had she really been there the entire night? The cold air suddenly made her alert 
  and awake, at least temporarily. 

 When she was seated behind the wheel, Myra opened the window before closing 
  the door. She looked at the pained Mistress. 

 "Mistress Janet, thank you for taking my place. You're a different sort of 
  Mistress than Lauren and her friends, and I'd love to be your slave." 

 "Thank you," chattered Janet. 

 "Just make it home, please?" 

 Janet started the car, put it in drive, and swung around the fountain. The 
  gate opened, and she drove out into the cold and deserted streets. Dazed, confused, 
  on the verge of blacking out several times, it seemed like the drive took several 
  hours. 

 The physical demands of driving took their toll, and Janet nodded off to sleep, 
  only to be awakened when the car's right front fender impacted against a tree. 
  Janet was thrown backwards, awakening her, and the car came to a sudden stop. 

 "Oh, god!" Janet cried aloud, "I'm going to die." 

 Janet could feel the wetness of blood dripping down her blouse into her panties, 
  and the slickness of her blouse against her back. She gripped the steering wheel 
  tightly, tears flowing from the corners of her eyes. 

 She rested her head against the steering wheel, only wanting to sleep, for 
  a release from the pain that she suffered. It would be so easy just to give 
  up, to die. 

 Janet nodded off, the agony of her ordeal finally taking its toll as she closed 
  her eyes. 

 'Janet?' 

 'Erica? Is that you?' 

 'Janet, go home and live!' 

 'I can't, Erica. I don't have the strength.' 

 'Janet, this is an order from your Mistress. Return home!' 

 'I want to die Erica. I'm sorry.' 

 'Janet, you have never disobeyed me. Don't start now. This is an order, summon 
  your strength and live. Go home. If you die Tiffany and Lauren are the winners. 
  If you do that, then you will have disappointed me.' 

 'Yes, Mistress.' 

 Janet opened her eyes, blinking away the tears. She rubbed her eyes, dazed 
  and confused. Has she really been talking to Erica? Or was it just a dream? 

 "I won't fail you Erica," Janet said to herself, even though she was in intense 
  pain. 

 Gathering her strength Janet put the car back in drive, and aimed the wheels 
  back again out into the street. The car's bodywork was damaged, but not the 
  drivetrain or steering. Janet continued on her way home. 

 Finally, she saw the gates to her house. She punched the button, and the gates 
  opened. She followed the driveway to the door, and turned the ignition off. 
  Her head swimming, she walked up the steps, her consciousness fading in and 
  out. 

 The door opened, and the bright lights dazzled Janet as she went inside her 
  own house. What was the name of the person now before her? 

 "Mistress Janet?" asked the girl, "let me take your coat." 

 When her coat was removed, it peeled away from the back of her blouse with 
  a liquid sound as the fabrics separated. Looking sideways at the mirror in the 
  foyer, she saw that the back of her blouse was soaked through with her own red 
  blood. 

 "Stephanie! Stephanie!" 

 Janet fell into the abyss, her head swaying and the welcoming darkness swallowing 
  her. 

* * * * * 

"Janet?" asked a soothing voice, "Janet?" 

 "Mommy?" 

 "What's wrong?" asked a female voice. 

 "Mommy, it hurts," cried Janet. 

 "She's delirious, with a fever at 105. If it doesn't break soon, we'll have 
  to take her to the hospital. Tina, hold her hand. Janet needs to feel that there's 
  someone nearby who cares for her right now," said another voice. 

 Tina pulled a chair to the bedside and after seating herself, she held Janet's 
  right hand. 

 "Why is she asking for her mother?" 

 "That's the first person that someone will ask for when very sick or horribly 
  injured. You should have heard the adults crying for their mother in the trauma 
  ward I interned in." 

 "Mommy?" asked Janet. 

 "No, it's Stephanie. Remember?" 

 Janet climbed slowly back to consciousness. She was in a bedroom, and there 
  were three women present. She didn't know any of them. 

 "Who are you?" asked Janet. 

 "Your friend, Stephanie. Don't you remember that you called me? This is Camille, 
  and your Maid, Tina. Do you know us?" 

 Janet searched her mind, but she couldn't remember any of the women standing 
  over her. Her whole body was warm, like it was on fire. A cup and straw were 
  passed to her, and she drank a few sips before going back to sleep. 

 Light. Again, Janet opened her eyes, and saw three people standing over her. 
  Janet wavered in and out of consciousness, her vision blurred and out of focus. 

 "Janet? Do you remember the last time we spoke?" 

 "No. Thirsty." 

 The cup was passed to her again and she drank a few sips, and she heard the 
  others talking. Something about fever and delirium, before she fell asleep once 
  more. 

 Light. When she opened her eyes again, things in the room resolved themselves. 
  She identified the bed she was lying on, a mirror, a dresser that was covered 
  in bottles, and things attached to her. The regular rhythm of a heart monitor 
  and the tubes of an IV were her constant companions. 

 "Stephanie," called Janet. 

 "Janet, you're back, the fever broke!" said Stephanie, tears in her eyes. 

 Janet saw Stephanie standing over her, with Tina, her eyes streaked with tears, 
  sitting on a chair next to her bedside. Tina was holding her hand, stroking 
  it like it was a lover's. 

 "Tina?" asked Janet. 

 "She's been here ever since you got home, at your side," said Stephanie. 

 "Thank you, Tina," Janet said weakly. 

 "What happened?" asked Stephanie. 

 "Party at Lauren's. I was using Myra, one of Lauren's girls, I think. She 
  asked for mercy, Lauren wanted to continue. I took her place. She used me badly, 
  said that I would call for mercy. I never did. She wanted me to bleed. I drove 
  home, and that's all I remember." 

 "Why did you go? She hated Erica, and me. She's taken over Tiffany, who popped 
  in here once or twice to see you before leaving. I should kill them both," said 
  Stephanie. 

 "Thirsty." 

 Janet was passed a cup, and she sipped at the straw. 

 "How bad?" 

 "You were delirious for days, with a high fever. I was afraid that I was going 
  to lose you, you might have died. You lost a lot of blood, but you'll be all 
  right. I had this equipment brought over, and called in a few favors," said 
  Stephanie. 

 "Thank you," Janet answered. 

 "What happened, why did you take Myra's place?" asked Stephanie. 

 "Myra called mercy, and Lauren wanted to use her past her safeword. So I took 
  her place. There isn't anything that we can do to Lauren," said Janet. 

 "Why didn't you call me first?" asked Stephanie. 

 "Don't remember." 

 "Don't tax yourself. Let's get some broth into you, and then more sleep. That's 
  the best thing for you," said Stephanie. 

 After a cup of beef broth, Janet again slept. She dreamt of the lash, and 
  the crop. Several times she awakened to see Stephanie standing over her. Then 
  she fell asleep again. 

 First the heart monitor was removed, then the IV tubes. Janet realized that 
  she had been lying on the bed clothed in a hospital gown, face down. Her back 
  was covered in an entire bandage, which was changed twice daily. Either Camille 
  or Tina would be with her constantly, holding her hand. 

 Then she was stood up and made to walk. Soon, she was eating simple foods 
  from a tray, but she still slept on her stomach. A few times, Tiffany would 
  visit, but Janet pretended to be sleeping. 

 "Stephanie?" asked Janet. 

 "Yes?" 

 "Why did you quit being a doctor?" asked Janet. 

 "Because I blame doctors for killing the two most important people in my life. 
  My brother, and my husband. I retired, but I still keep certified. Even do some 
  charity work. But I'll never practice again." 

 Janet again slept. 

 The loud voices came from next door, and Janet could make out the words. 

 "Lauren nearly killed her. What were you doing?" 

 "She accepted to take Myra's place. She knew what kind of person Lauren is." 

 "What was she doing there?" 

 "There was a party. I took her. She should have refused." 

 "This is all your doing, Tiffany. I never knew that you were capable of such 
  evil, but since you associate with Lauren, I'm not surprised." 

 Darkness returned to Janet as she again slept. 

 Janet walked out of the bedroom, a victory. A physical therapist was called 
  in, and Janet's muscles were exercised. Gradually, she recovered. 

 One day, Janet pretended to sleep on the bed. She was on her stomach as usual, 
  and she could be left alone for brief periods. Tina had resumed her duties, 
  and Tiffany would be absent as long as Stephanie was caring for Janet. 

 "Aren't you forgetting something, Mistress?" asked Camille. 

 "What's that?" 

 "Janet's state of mind," bluntly stated Camille. 

 "Don't exceed your authority," angrily replied Stephanie, "and forget that 
  you're my Maid." 

 "Maid and Nurse, you mean. Just because you sewed up Janet's back doesn't 
  mean that her mind will be healed also." 

 "I should strike you for that, Camille," Stephanie answered. 

 "Unless you're a psychologist also, I suggest that you call one in." 

 "Are you now a doctor also?" asked Stephanie. 

 "No. You may have repaired her bodily wounds. But the experience of being 
  nearly whipped to death by Lauren will leave wounds in her psyche." 

 "You're an insolent, insulting little slave today, Camille. Unfortunately, 
  you're also right," sighed Stephanie, "I just hope that Janet can recover." 

 Janet closed her hands into fists, her fingers tightly clenched together. 
  Her nails dug into her palms, leaving red marks with their imprints. Even though 
  she had been pretending to sleep, tears formed in her eyes and wet the pillow. 

 'Why do I want to die?' Janet cried silently to herself. 

* * * * * 

The days after her nightmare encounter with Mistress Lauren stretched into 
  weeks. Stephanie attended to Janet, and the bandages on her back got steadily 
  smaller as her flesh slowly healed from being damaged by the whip. 

 "Janet," began Stephanie, "I'm sorry." 

 "About what?" asked Janet. 

 "Your back. I thought that it would heal, but it didn't. You're going to be 
  scarred by what Lauren did to you. I tried everything that I could. But the 
  skin was too heavily damaged. Perhaps I should have taken you to the hospital 
  after all." 

 "And what would have happened when the police would have started asking questions? 
  Explain that I was the entertainment at a little S&M party? No doctor would 
  have remained silent about my injuries after you'd have brought me in. My life 
  as a Mistress would have been over." 

 "Then look at yourself," said Stephanie. 

 Janet rose from the bed and stood in front of the bedroom mirror, while Stephanie 
  undid the ties at the back of Janet's gown. It fell to the floor, and Stephanie 
  held a mirror near Janet's back so she could see. Janet saw the reflection of 
  her own back in the large mirror. 

 Where once Janet's back was smooth and pretty, now the skin was an angry red 
  color. The flesh was torn and uneven and had not healed properly. Anyone who 
  saw her back would know that she had been abused horribly in some manner. 

 "Thank you, Stephanie," said Janet, her voice breaking with tension. 

 Stephanie caught Janet as she fell to the bed, naked and sobbing. She held 
  and soothed her friend, encouraging her to cry out all of her feelings. 

 "There now," said Stephanie. "It's all right. I'm here." 

 "It hurt so much! The pain!" 

 Tears fell from her eyes and ran down her cheeks as the memory of what had 
  happened to her replayed itself in her mind. Every stroke of the whip had been 
  like a gunshot exploding against her back, and she felt as her skin broke and 
  blood dripped down her naked skin. She had actually felt her own blood seep 
  between her buttocks and run down her legs. 

 "Cry it out Janet," soothed Stephanie, "don't repress your feelings. I'll 
  always be here for you." 

 "It didn't stop! It just went on and on!" Janet sobbed, her body wracked by 
  emotions long repressed. 

 Stephanie held Janet tightly in her arms, rocking Janet as if she were a child. 

 "It's all right to cry. No Mistress or slave should have had to endure what 
  you did, that isn't what being a Mistress is about. We're not here to kill or 
  maim." 

 "I wanted to die!" cried Janet. 

 "It's all right, Janet. Everything's all right, now," soothed Stephanie as 
  she clutched Janet tightly to herself, as Janet continued to cry. 

 The memory of what she had undergone replayed itself in her mind. Janet remembered 
  each stroke of the whip as it struck her back. Her skin breaking and bleeding, 
  the liquid sound the whip made each time it struck the slick surface that her 
  back had become. The tears that fell from her eyes as the pain became steadily 
  unbearable. Desperately she tried to scream and plead for mercy, but the rubber 
  ball buckled between her lips blocked her cries. Finally, the welcoming darkness 
  that she hoped was death, which would release her from the pain, and the leering 
  face of Mistress Lauren. 

 "I wanted to die!" repeated Janet, tears streaming down her cheeks. 

 "It's all over now, Janet," said Stephanie as she clutched Janet tightly to 
  herself. 

 Janet curled up in Stephanie's arms, tears flowing from her eyes. She cried 
  for hours, and Stephanie held onto Janet, not moving, for most of the day. 

* * * *

 Janet walked with Stephanie through the Dungeon. She looked at the chains, 
  the whips, and the other things. She placed a collar around her neck, but didn't 
  lock it shut. Janet shivered when she saw the whip. 

 "There is a big difference between discipline and being stopped with a safeword, 
  and outright sadism which is what Lauren practices. Just remember than Erica 
  never treated you or anyone else like that." 

 "Yes, I remember." 

 "Do you want to be a Mistress again?" 

 "Yes," said Janet firmly, "yes." 

 "That's your destiny, you know. That's why Erica gave you her estate and her 
  property. You can start with Tina, your slave. Or me, if you'd like." 

 "Thank you," said Janet, as she held a riding crop in her hands. 

 "Janet, I have a confession to make," said Stephanie. 

 "Go ahead," answered Janet as she sat down on a leather-covered bench, one 
  that she had been bound upon by Erica. 

 "Do you remember when Erica sent you to my house?" 

 "How can I forget? You placed me on the rack," Janet answered. 

 "That's what I have to tell you about. Erica left me very specific instructions 
  what I was allowed, and not allowed, to do with you. I was not allowed to place 
  you on the rack. But in the heat of the moment, in my sexual excitement, I forgot 
  her orders," recalled Stephanie. 

 "What happened?" asked Janet, fascinated. 

 "Erica was furious with me. I never saw her so angry before, she raged at 
  me, and said I would be the one to blame if you left serving Erica, if you stopped 
  wanting to be her slave. She wanted to take me down to my own Dungeon and use 
  me until I cried for mercy, but she never did." 

 'Perhaps because she was busy doing something else, Stephanie,' Janet thought, 
  'Like arranging her own death, and the competition between Tiffany and myself.' 

 "I liked you from the first time I used you, Janet. You took all of the discipline 
  that I meted out, and never complained," Stephanie continued. 

 "Thank you, Stephanie." 

 Stephanie rose from the bench and dropped to her knees in front of Janet, 
  who was speechless. 

 "Use me, Janet. Just as Erica wanted to. I'll submit to anything that you 
  desire anything at all. Even if you draw blood, I won't beg for mercy." 

 "There's no need for that, Stephanie. I fell in love with you, and Erica disciplined 
  me harshly when I returned. You performed as any Mistress would with a new slave, 
  and you didn't hurt me. Lauren did." 

 "Thank you, Janet." 

 "Thank you for being my friend, Stephanie. I wouldn't have known what to do 
  from Day One as a Mistress without your help. And thank you for saving my life. 
  I would have died without you," said Janet as she choked back tears. 

 "Are you all right?" asked Stephanie as she rose and hugged Janet. 

 "I'm fine, thank you. I'd just like to be alone here." 

 "No Janet, you shouldn't be alone," cautioned Stephanie. 

 "Just for a little while," Janet answered. 

 "I'll wait outside, on the steps," said Stephanie. 

 As she was leaving, Stephanie saw Janet rise and pick up a framed picture 
  of Erica, hugging it to her body. Stephanie left the door slightly open, and 
  sat down to wait. She heard quiet sobs, but remained outside. 

 After almost an hour, the door finally opened, and Janet exited the Dungeon. 

 "Are you all right?" asked Stephanie. 

 "I'm fine," Janet answered. 

 "What's next?" 

 "How's the stock market doing?" Janet asked. 

 "What?" replied Stephanie, puzzlement clearly evident on her face, as they 
  ascended the stairs together.

The End of Chapter Nine 

 



Janet in Training
Chapter Ten: The Recovery

It had been months since Janet had traveled to New York. For someone who had 
  grown up in NY and spent their entire life in the shadows of Manhattan's skyscrapers, 
  Janet missed the city greatly. But now, on board the Metro-North train, she 
  wondered if coming into the city had been a good idea after all. 

 In her purse were the things that she had collected. That Erica owned stock 
  in her former employer's company. The empty envelope that Janet had found from 
  her employer to Erica. The letter that she had found in Erica's computer directing 
  them to fire Janet upon her return to work. Most important of all was the document 
  outlining the contest for Erica's legacy between Janet and Tiffany. 

 Janet had planned to confront Blanca with all of this, and question whether 
  or not Mistress Erica and Andrea were indeed dead from the plane crash. But 
  Janet realized that it didn't matter after all. Accusing Blanca wouldn't produce 
  Erica, nor change anything. 

 Dramatic confrontations like that happened in the movies, not in reality. 
  When the train pulled to a stop, she walked outside in the spring weather and 
  hailed a cab. Once inside, she gave the directions to Blanca's office. Janet 
  sat back against the seat, and thought how wonderful it was that the skin on 
  her back no longer hurt. 

 It had been a nightmarish last three months, as she recovered from the severe 
  beating that she had received at the hands of Mistress Lauren. Janet only remembered 
  fragments of what had occurred, and they had been horrifying. Punishing a girl 
  beyond her endurance. Then taking her place and being whipped until Janet's 
  back was covered in blood. The ride home, and collapsing into fever and delirium. 
  Finally, her long recovery assisted by Stephanie, Camille, and Tina. 

 Janet's back bore the scars from the terrible punishment that it had received. 
  Stephanie had taken her to a plastic surgeon that said that they could be easily 
  fixed, and did not question their origin. 

 "No, Stephanie. I'm not going to have my back operated on," Janet said in 
  the car as they drove away from the doctor's office. 

 "But why?" asked Stephanie. "It's a terrible reminder of what happened." 

 "That's exactly why I want to keep those scars. To remind me of Lauren, and 
  the monster that Tiffany has become by associating with her," answered Janet. 

 "You're crazy." 

 "Perhaps. Those scars are the stigmata of Lauren's evil and will always remind 
  me of the responsibility that we have in our position as Dominants. That's why 
  I want to keep them," said Janet. 

 When the cab pulled in front of Blanca's office, Janet realized that she was 
  even more scared than the day Erica had died. She paid the driver, and went 
  inside. God, it had been so long! Squeezing inside an elevator, she realized 
  just how long it had been since she had last been inside one. 

 The receptionist was the same, and Janet was soon ushered into Blanca's office. 
  She sat down, and waited a few minutes for her attorney to join her. 

 "Good morning," greeted Blanca, "sorry I'm a little late." 

 "That's fine," said Janet. "I'm a little dazed at being back in the city again." 

 "Coffee?" 

 "Black." 

 After removing her coat, Blanca sat down and punched a button on her intercom. 

 "Georgie, please get us two black coffees," said Blanca. 

 Georgie appeared, and Janet noticed that she was an attractive secretary in 
  her late twenties. She wore a conservative business suit, and placed the tray 
  down on Blanca's desk. 

 "Thanks, Georgie. Please see that we're not disturbed," ordered Blanca. 

 Once Georgie had closed the doors, Janet had a burning question to ask. 

 "Is she one of yours?" asked Janet. 

 "No. It's a little too messy to have a slave at work. She's getting married, 
  I think. But you didn't come all the way from Greenwich to ask me about that, 
  now did you?" questioned Blanca. 

 "No. Ever since Erica's death, I've had the feeling that this entire scene 
  has been arranged. And you're in on it." 

 "Really," said Blanca as she sat back in her leather chair. 

 "Here," said Janet, as she handed over the paper detailing the contest, the 
  envelope, and the printed letter. 

 "Nice collection," said Blanca. 

 "Erica was a little careless with her computer. Just because you think you've 
  deleted something doesn't mean it's really gone until it's written over. Why 
  would Erica want me fired from my job unless she wanted me to concentrate on 
  something else? Like her little contest?" 

 "Circumstantial evidence that wouldn't hold up in a court of law. Erica wanted 
  you to enjoy your new life. Shouldn't you be down on Wall Street instead of 
  here? That's where your future is going to be decided, not here with me. Besides, 
  you've lost a lot of time, didn't you?" 

 "How did you hear about that?" demanded Janet. 

 "I have my sources. It isn't every day that a novice Mistress makes a fool 
  of Lauren and takes whatever punishment she can mete out," answered Blanca. 

 "You forget that I could have passed out going home and killed myself. If 
  it hadn't been for Stephanie." 

 "Yes, Stephanie. So you're here for the fourth quarter, like football. Like 
  I said, you better get to Wall Street. That is, if you don't want to end up 
  in Tiffany's Dungeon with Lauren holding the whip. Did you hear the news this 
  morning?" asked Blanca. 

 "No, why?" asked Janet. 

 "Because the market sank over four hundred points at the opening, or don't 
  you follow the financial news?" asked Blanca. 

 "Oh, god," answered Janet. 

 Janet left Blanca's office in a daze, after stuffing her evidence back into 
  her purse. Inside the lobby of her building was an electronic board, courtesy 
  of a financial firm. Janet stood in front, watching the financial bad news scroll 
  across the computer screen. Some of the stocks mentioned were the exact ones 
  that she had holdings in. 

 It had taken her three precious months of recovery to get the strength to 
  come into NY and see Blanca. Blanca had taken only seconds to destroy her. Janet 
  walked, stunned, out of the building into the spring weather. Since it had rained 
  heavily the night before, the city smelled clean. 

 Janet had originally decided that she would use the day for some fun. After 
  seeing Blanca, she had planned to go into the fetish shops downtown. Now she 
  felt like going home. But why? To sulk and get more depressed? Janet hailed 
  a cab, and directed the driver to the Village. 

 Walking around the Village was always a treat, and Janet wished that she could 
  have lived here. Instead, she had always played tourist. She walked the steps 
  down to a fetish shop, and pressed the buzzer. The door opened, and she went 
  inside. 

 The wonderful smell of the new leather and rubber excited her, and reminded 
  Janet of her closet. Erica's closet. She looked at all the new garments, and 
  decided to try on a new black rubber dress. She went into the changing room 
  and soon wore the new dress, which clung to her every curve. Even though Erica 
  had a similar dress in the closet, Janet resolved to buy it anyway. She stepped 
  outside to see herself in the full-length mirror. 

 When the clerk went to compliment her on her choice, the girl gasped when 
  she saw the scars on her back. Janet saw her reflection in the mirror. 

 "It's all right," said Janet, as she faced the girl. 

 "They're horrible. They must have hurt terribly," she said. 

 "They did. My back was opened up by a vicious Mistress who doesn't believe 
  in safewords," said Janet. 

 "Do you belong to her?" 

 "No. I'm a Mistress in my own house." 

 "But why?" 

 "To prevent her from further punishing a girl that had called for mercy, that's 
  why." 

 The girl looked shocked and surprised. Janet wondered if she would always 
  have to explain and relive her horrible experience. She bought the dress, and 
  was preparing to leave when the clerk buzzed another customer inside. 

 "Janet?" 

 Janet turned around, looking at the source of the voice. 

 "Sally?" 

 Janet dropped her bag, and embraced her friend. They kissed, and hugged. It 
  had been months since they had seen one another. 

 "How are you doing?" asked Sally. 

 "Fine." 

 "How would you like to go to lunch? I'm meeting a friend for sushi, and I'm 
  sure you'd like her." 

 "Okay," said Janet. 

 They walked outside, enjoying the sounds of Manhattan. Even though it was 
  a workday, the city was still full of attractive women, all nicely dressed. 

 "How do you like replacing Erica?" suddenly asked Sally. 

 "Fine. I'm still learning my way around. How come you haven't called me?" 

 "I thought that you'd be too busy," answered Sally. 

 "You're the one who introduced me to this lifestyle, remember? I never thought 
  that I'd be first slave, then Mistress, so soon," confided Janet. 

 "That's true. And I'm just a lowly slave," said Sally, softly. 

 The restaurant was entered through a long passageway, and Sally found that 
  her friend Melissa was already there. She was seated in the bar waiting, having 
  sake. She embraced Sally, and they all sat down together. 

 "I'd like to introduce my friend Janet," said Sally. 

 "Janet, the one that I've heard so much about?" asked Melissa. 

 "Yes, unless Sally has another friend with my name," answered Janet. 

 "Pleased to meet you," she said, holding her hand out. Janet took it, and 
  shook her hand in return. 

 "Did Sally introduce me?" asked Melissa. 

 "No, not before now," answered Janet, before she took another sip of sake. 

 "I'm her Mistress," said Melissa. 

 "Oh," politely answered Janet, the truth dawning on her. 

 They had lunch of sake, sushi, and fried tempura. The restaurant was mostly 
  empty, so they had the place mostly to themselves. Seated in a corner, they 
  were able to have some privacy, which allowed them to discuss some rather personal 
  matters. 

 "I understand that you've inherited Erica Riken's estate?" asked Melissa. 

 "Yes." 

 "She was one of the best Doms, ever." 

 "I know, I trained under her," answered Janet. 

 "Really, Dom or Sub?" 

 "Sub. I was her slave for a year. But I'm Mistress now." 

 "Great. And you just met Sally here, shopping?" 

 "Yes. Thought I'd come into the city for a little shopping, and I found this 
  rubber dress," said Janet. 

 "Nice. I had told Sally here to meet me for lunch, and then we'd go shopping 
  for a few toys also. But perhaps you'd be interested in something else," offered 
  Sally. 

 "Go ahead," said Janet, eating the last of her tempura. 

 "My friend Tyler has a loft not far from here, with her complete collection 
  of toys. We could do a little scene together, and we've already got Sally here. 
  Isn't that right?" asked Melissa of Sally. 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Sally. 

 "When was the last time we did a scene?" asked Melissa. 

 "Last week, Mistress." 

 "Then I'd say that we're overdue, hmm?" 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Interested, Janet?" 

 While doing a scene was the last thing that Janet had wanted to do. The visit 
  to the fetish shops and lunch had brightened her spirits. Erica's mansion may 
  have been a Dungeon for her girls, but it was also a prison for her Mistress 
  as well. 

 "Why not?" said Janet. 

 The three of them piled into a cab after lunch, for the short ride to Melissa's 
  friend's place. After paying for the cab, they walked outside an old factory 
  building until they found the door. Melissa hit the buzzer, and they were admitted. 
  The elevator was new, indeed the whole building was no longer a factory but 
  an attractive place to live. 

 Tyler opened the door, an attractive girl with black hair, and a slim figure. 
  She had been working out on exercise equipment, and was wearing a sports bra, 
  and exercise shorts, plus sneakers. 

 "Pleased to meet you," greeted Tyler, extending her hand. 

 "Mutual," said Janet. 

 Janet followed her host to the living room. The place had been laid out like 
  a regular apartment, not like the open spaces in lofts when artists fist got 
  them in the 60s. Space was at a premium in Manhattan. 

 "Can I offer you a soda, or iced tea?" 

 "Tea," said Melissa, as she sat down at the couch. 

 "Be right back," said Tyler. 

 Janet walked around the living room, looking at the paintings and artwork. 
  She had never once asked what the things in Erica's place were worth. It had 
  simply never occurred to her to ask Blanca. After having been destroyed by Blanca 
  in just a few minutes, she wasn't eager to see her again. Except that in three 
  months would be the anniversary of Erica's death and the conclusion of her contest 
  that would decide who was Mistress. 

 Tyler reappeared with a tray, which she placed on the table. There was a pitcher 
  full of iced tea, and four glasses filled with ice. She poured and filled each 
  one. 

 Janet seated herself amongst her three female companions, and sipped her drink. 
  She looked at all three, and realized that they weren't part of her world in 
  Connecticut. No, this was Manhattan, and a different scene than the one she 
  had inherited. 

 "Melissa says that you're a Dom," said Tyler. 

 "Yes. I've been lucky, I inherited Erica Riken's estate." 

 "She came into the city a few times. Quite impressive," commented Melissa. 

 "I introduced her," said Sally. 

 "Pity you didn't introduce her to me," said Melissa. 

 "I didn't know you then." 

 "Then what?" 

 "Then, Mistress," answered Sally. 

 "Better, Sally. Perhaps a few more strokes with the whip, and you'll finally 
  get it right. Correct, Janet?" 

 "Yes," answered Janet. 

 "Now then, what shall we do?" asked Melissa. 

 "Whatever Mistress desires," answered Tyler. 

 "Since Janet is our guest here, perhaps you should show her your marks," ordered 
  Melissa. 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Tyler. 

 Tyler stood up from her seat, and unlaced her sneakers. Then she removed her 
  socks, and peeled off her sports bra, and shorts. They lay in a pile on the 
  floor. She stood naked, her eyes bowed before her Mistress. 

 Her body was tight and muscular. Janet saw the hard muscles ripple beneath 
  her skin, and knew that she was one tough girl. However, her skin also bore 
  the marks of a slave, and Janet could see the marks of the whip and crop. Also, 
  both of her nipples were pierced with small golden rings. 

 "May I?" asked Janet. 

 "Of course," answered Melissa. 

 Janet felt Tyler's shoulders, breasts, and belly. She ordered the girl to 
  raise her arms, and felt below her armpits. Then she ordered her to bend over 
  a table, and spread her ass to look at her anus. Finally, she fondled and penetrated 
  her sex, making her moan with excitement. 

 "Silence, slave," ordered Janet. 

 Tyler remained silent for the rest of her examination. Janet felt energized 
  by the sudden turn of events. Just a couple of hours before, she had been down 
  in the dumps. Now here she was, in control of someone else's slave. It felt 
  good again, and her heart beat strongly. 

 "Would you like to use her?" asked Melissa. 

 "Yes, thank you?" answered Janet. 

 "I'm sure that you can manage without a Dungeon, can't you?" questioned Melissa. 

 "I think I can manage." 

 "Good. There are two bedrooms here. You can be alone with Tyler, and I'll 
  use Sally here. She's such an insolent little slut lately." 

 "Thank you," said Janet. 

 "Ask Tyler where I keep my little collection. I'm sure that the two of you 
  have a lot to discuss," said Melissa as she led Sally to one of the bedrooms, 
  and closed the door. 

 Janet was suddenly alone with Tyler, who was still bent over a table. Tyler 
  remained silent, as her temporary Mistress had not asked her a question. 

 "Tyler, where are Mistress Melissa's toys?" asked Janet. 

 "In the bottom of the china cabinet, Mistress," answered Tyler. 

 Janet walked over to the trendy looking china cabinet, and when she opened 
  the bottom drawer, she found a nice little collection. There were handcuffs, 
  bracelets, two riding crops, some gags, and a small whip and flogger. Not a 
  bad little collection! 

 Janet grabbed a few objects, and led Tyler to the other bedroom. She could 
  hear slaps and cries from behind the other door, and guessed that her friend 
  Sally was being spanked. 

 The second bedroom was sparsely furnished. A four post bed, chest of drawers, 
  some chairs, and some plants. 

 Janet sat on the bed, and motioned for Tyler to kneel on the floor. 

 "Legs apart," ordered Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Tyler. 

 "Since we're not in my Dungeon, we have to be a little creative. So I want 
  you to lay yourself on the dresser, face down." 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Tyler. 

 Tyler did as she was instructed, pushing the things on the dresser's top into 
  a drawer. Back in the same position that she had been before, Janet had an excellent 
  view of her behind. 

 Janet undid her skirt and blouse, folding them on a chair. She was wearing 
  a pair of black silk bra and panties, and she liked they way she looked in the 
  mirror. 

 "Ready, slave?" asked Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Tyler. 

 Janet rewarded Tyler's reply with a swift stroke of the thin riding crop across 
  her ass cheeks. Tyler jerked, and moaned when the thin instrument left a thin 
  red line on her behind. 

 "Enjoy that?" asked Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Janet struck again, with the same force that she had used before. Since she 
  did not know when the girl had been last used, or how much discipline that she 
  was used to, Janet punished her quite mildly. Plus, she belonged to another 
  Mistress, and did not want to damage her property. 

 When Tyler had cried out, Janet moderated her strokes, making sure that she 
  was heating up her bottom with a steady series of blows. Tyler was making sounds 
  indicating that she was ready to cum, not those of a girl in pain. Janet guessed 
  that she was quite familiar with the riding crop. 

 "Enough for now," said Janet, pleased that her first efforts with Tyler had 
  gone quite well. 

 Janet looked at herself in the bedroom mirror, holding the riding crop. Then 
  she turned slightly, and saw her back in profile. Time suddenly reversed itself, 
  and she was back in Lauren's Dungeon, a ballgag in her mouth, the whip constantly 
  striking her back like a thunderclap. 

 "Mistress Janet, is there anything wrong?" asked Tyler. 

 "Why?" questioned Janet. 

 "You froze for a minute, oh!" 

 When she had turned, Tyler had seen the marks on her back. The uneven skin 
  where it had not healed properly. 

 "How horrible," said Tyler. 

 "Yes, Tyler, kneel on the floor, legs apart," ordered Janet. 

 In the months since her recovery, the only girl that Janet had used was Tina. 
  Janet hadn't used anyone else, since she didn't want to expose herself to another 
  woman. Tina had never said anything, but had remained silent about her marks. 

 Janet wondered if there had ever been a situation before where a slave had 
  felt sympathy for a Mistress. 

 "For speaking out of turn, I'm going to crop those lovely breasts of yours. 
  Then a few strokes to your back." 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Janet did as she had said, first delivered a series of delicate strokes that 
  left tiny marks on Tyler's breasts, making them shake with each impact. Then 
  she concluded by leaving a few marks on Tyler's back. 

 "There now," said Janet, "had a good time?" 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Tyler. 

 Janet stripped off her remaining clothing and sat down on the bed, bare. Still 
  holding the riding crop, she opened her legs. 

 "Satisfy me, slave. Or I'll use the crop again," ordered Janet. 

 Tyler complied immediately, her eager tongue and lips soon making Janet respond 
  with pleasure. Janet forgot all her troubles as the expert slave at her feet 
  brought her waves and waves of sensation, making her cum time after time. 

 Janet became red and flushed with excitement as she felt the waves of orgasm 
  flood through her body. She watched herself in the mirror as she bucked with 
  every climax and orgasm. 

 Just to continue the pleasure, she began to lightly tap Tyler on the back. 
  This made the girl try ever harder to bring her to orgasm again. Tyler was certainly 
  an expert mouth girl! 

 "In bed, slave!" 

 Janet drew Tyler up into her arms, and they got between the covers. Even though 
  the sun was streaming through the windows and Janet could hear the sounds of 
  traffic below, all she cared about was using this how little slave girl! 

 She grabbed and lusted after her hungrily, taking possession of her body again 
  and again. Janet forgot then pain that she continued to endure, and used Tyler 
  completely. 

 Tyler responded, matching her lustful thrusts. They ground their hips together, 
  and Janet moaned when she felt her nipples sucked and teased. Janet did the 
  same to Tyler, and her tongue darted through Tyler's golden nipple rings. 

 After what seemed like hours, Janet lay satisfied on her back. All the cares 
  in the world were gone. At least for a little while. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," said Tyler, "for using me so well." 

 "You're welcome Tyler. And thank you, too." 

 "May I ask Mistress a question?" 

 "Go ahead," said Janet. 

 "Your back, how did you get those marks?" 

 Twice in one day now, another woman had seen her marks, and was reacting to 
  it. It seemed as if the scars Janet bore were both internal and external. 

 "Has a Mistress ever punished you past your safeword?" asked Janet. 

 "No, Mistress, never," answered Tyler. 

 "Make certain that you are never a slave to one who does," cautioned Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," replied Tyler. 

* * * * 

Janet rubbed her eyes and wished that she had a drink in front of her. The 
  public library was a great place to work, but lacked the freedom to open a can 
  of soda. 

 The damage to her portfolio was serious, but not catastrophic. Fortunately, 
  the market had stopped its slide and stabilized after a few anxious days. Janet 
  looked at the value of her portfolio and hoped that Tiffany had suffered a loss 
  also. 

 It had been a few days since she had returned from New York City. What had 
  seemed like a disaster had instead turned into something memorable. Running 
  into Sally like that, meeting Melissa and her slave Tyler. She had exchanged 
  numbers with Melissa and had promised to see her again soon. 

 After making a few decisions to buy some new stocks now that the market was 
  down, she hoped that her new purchases would go up in value. She wondered just 
  what her former stockbroker boyfriend was up to now. Probably married with two 
  kids in the suburbs. 

 Janet tore up her notes, and was left only with her new purchases. That she 
  would give to the broker. It was so warm that she didn't need a coat. Since 
  Tiffany had taken the BMW, Janet was left with the Toyota. She drove to the 
  broker, had her ten minutes with him, went to the bank, and realized that she 
  was free for the day. 

 In all her time in Greenwich, Janet had never gone to the beach. After inheriting 
  Erica's house last summer, she had planned to go to the beach. But instead, 
  life had been far too busy with her assuming the life of a Mistress. 

 But now it was spring, and Janet suddenly wanted to walk and hear the ocean. 
  She looked at her map, and found that she was in for some complicated driving. 
  Still, she had her beach pass (which was something that Blanca had gotten for 
  her), and was determined to see the ocean. 

 Todd's Point was a tiny beach compared to what she had been used to. Restricted 
  to Greenwich residents, Janet had to show her pass. Even though the season still 
  hadn't started, the place was still hard to get into. 

 Walking in her sneakers, Janet enjoyed the sound of the surf and the smell 
  of the ocean. Getting a drink from the one small concession shack, she sat down 
  on a wooden bench, and played with the sand. 

 "It's nice not to have any cares for once," she said aloud. 

 She watched a few hardy souls swimming in what must have been freezing water. 
  After her city trip, Janet knew that swimming, even with a full suit, was clearly 
  out. People would see and talk about the whip marks, even if they did not know 
  their origin. It was not yet time to have her back fixed, thought Janet. 

 "A penny for your thoughts," said a familiar voice behind her. 

 "Stephanie!" cried Janet. 

 Janet jumped up, and hugged her friend. She was glad when Stephanie hugged 
  back, and they sat down together. 

 "But how? You're not a Greenwich resident?" asked Janet. 

 "Oh, let's just say that one of the local female politicians happens to be 
  my slave, so I have some pull. Anyway, I'm glad to see that you're here. That 
  house has become a prison for you," stated Stephanie. 

 "You're right. I really should get out more," said Janet. 

 "But I've got something of interest to put you back in the Dungeon. Tell me, 
  how many slaves have you had in the last year?" 

 "Tina, and the one in New York. Plus a couple of others that I got out of 
  Erica's books," Janet answered. 

 "Not too many, then," stated Stephanie. 

 "This year has been a disaster for me. I've spent the last three months healing 
  after my encounter with Lauren. Tina still tells me that I have trouble sleeping, 
  and I believe her," said Janet. 

 "Then let me give you a good gift. How would you like the chance to develop 
  a new slave girl, entirely from scratch?" offered Stephanie. 

 "You must be joking," said Janet. 

 "No, I'm too busy right now to develop someone new." 

 "Liar." 

 "Perhaps. But it's time that you started with someone new. Eventually, you'll 
  have your own little stable of willing slaves, like every Mistress. Nobody can 
  blame you for anything after what you've been through. Interested?" 

 Could she really turn down an opportunity like that? Somehow, Janet wasn't 
  able to call Erica's slaves like Tiffany. She wondered if she really was a Mistress 
  at heart. 

 "Yes. I'll take her off your hands," said Janet. 

 "Good! Here's her name, address, phone, and photo," said Stephanie as she 
  dug a photo out of her purse. 

 Janet looked over the picture. It showed a well-dressed woman in her early 
  thirties, pretty and well built. Janet wondered why such a good-looking girl 
  would want to serve a Mistress, rather than have a normal relationship? 

 "Jessica Danvers," read Janet from the pictures back, "That name sounds familiar." 

 "It's old money. Very old money. Satisfy her desires, and you'll be quite 
  well rewarded," advised Stephanie. 

 "Why me?" asked Janet. 

 "Her ancestors were putting people into stocks and whipped them during the 
  witch trials in colonial times. Now one of their descendants wants to serve 
  a Dominant Mistress. I can't think of one better than you, after your recent 
  experience." 

 "Thanks." 

 "Look. You won't go too far with her, and she'll appreciate that. Just like 
  the way you started slowly with Tina has paid off, Jessica will react the same 
  way. If she were to start with Lauren, she'd never want to see a Mistress again. 
  Now I probably couldn't pry Tina from you with a crowbar, because she loves 
  you." 

 "All right, you've convinced me. I'll call her," said Janet. 

 "You've got to follow the ritual. Have a limo pick her up, be mysterious. 
  Show off Tina in a latex outfit, and her marks. Everything that you can do to 
  intrigue her. That way, she'll get fascinated and want to serve a Mistress." 

 "Just like Erica did?" asked Janet. 

 "Yes, just like Erica. It's time you started doing what you've learned from 
  Erica and myself," ordered Stephanie. 

 "Yes, Mistress," said Janet. 

 "What!" demanded Stephanie. 

 "Yes, Mistress Stephanie." 

 "That's better," answered Stephanie, "now get to work." 

 Janet stared at the ocean with new confidence, and suddenly looked forward 
  to the future. It didn't look all that bad, for now! 

* * * * 

Janet was terrified before she made the call. Stephanie had phoned earlier, 
  saying that she had phoned Jessica and told her that she was unavailable and 
  it would be Mistress Janet who would supervise her training. It had been one 
  thing to call one of Erica's former slaves. It was quite something else to cold 
  call a stranger, and sound like a confident Mistress. Janet wished that she 
  had Erica's voice and ability. 

 "Hello, is this Jessica Danvers?" asked Janet. 

 "Speaking," said a female voice. 

 Janet looked at the picture she was holding, and tried to connect the voice 
  to that photo. 

 "This is Mistress Janet Davis. Mistress Stephanie referred you to me. Is that 
  correct?" 

 "Yes, Janet." 

 "Mistress Janet, to you. I understand that you have a special need that has 
  to be fulfilled. Is that correct?" demanded Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress Janet." 

 "Good. Then we understand each other. I have an opening this Friday night. 
  You will be available to me. Is that understood?" 

 "I had something planned, Mistress Janet," answered Jessica. 

 "Cancel it. Immediately. That is, if you're not really serious." 

 "No, Mistress Janet." 

 "Good. I'll send a limo to your house, or anywhere you wish to be picked up. 
  Give me the location. Now!" 

 When Janet hung up the receiver, she was shaking like a leaf. She remembered 
  the chill she felt whenever Erica would call her to make her weekly appointments. 
  Now it was Janet who was the Mistress, and someone else the slave! 

 Janet walked over to the bar and poured herself a small cream sherry. She 
  twirled the glass around a few times, watching the heavy liquid in the glass. 
  Janet took a few sips of the sherry, enjoying the warm glow it produced as it 
  went down to her stomach. 

 Friday was two days away! 

* * * * 

Jessica Danvers did not wish to be picked up at her estate. Even though her 
  walled estate was in reality not far from Janet's, she had instead chosen a 
  site several miles away to be collected. 

 While Janet had been able to see where she had been going, Janet now decided 
  that she was going to do something different in her role as a Mistress. She 
  had bought a pair of modern high tech sunglasses that curved and touched a person's 
  face. Then she had blacked out the interior, so that the wearer couldn't see 
  anything. 

 Janet had instructed the driver to tell his passenger that she had to wear 
  the glasses and secure them with an elastic strap to maintain the Mistresses 
  identity. If she refused, Jessica would not be brought to Janet's house. Stephanie 
  had referred the driver to her, and Janet thought that he had driven her to 
  Erica's house last year, but didn't question him. 

 When the limo began to pull into the driveway after the gate had opened, Janet 
  had gone from frightened to calm. 

 'All right, Mistress Janet,' she thought to herself, 'Time to start acting 
  like one.' 

 She had instructed Tina to dress in her rubber Maid's outfit, with no underwear. 
  She wanted Tina to be available for use quickly, should the need arise. Janet 
  smoothed her own leather dress down, and looked at herself in the mirror one 
  more time. Then she sat down in Erica's chair, and heard the house door open 
  and muted voices. 

 Tina had been ordered to go outside and help the sightless visitor into the 
  house, where her glasses would be removed in the library. Janet waited, nervous 
  as hell for the most important moment in her new life. 

 Finally, there was a knock on the door, and the whole universe shrank to just 
  one room. 

 "Enter," commanded Janet. 

 Tina, who opened the door for her and remained inside the library after she 
  had closed the door, led in Janet Danvers. The woman was wearing her glasses 
  as instructed, and couldn't see a thing. There was an awkward moment of silence 
  before she spoke softly. 

 "Mistress Janet, this is Jessica Danvers," said Tina. 

 "Please remove her glasses," ordered Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Tina reached over and grasped Jessica's glasses, pulling them off over her 
  head. Jessica blinked in the sudden light, her eyes focusing on the Mistress 
  seated in front of her. 

 "Good evening. My name is Mistress Janet," she said, introducing herself, 
  you may either address me as Mistress Janet, or just Mistress. Do you understand?" 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Jessica, hesitation in her voice, "I am Jessica 
  Danvers." 

 "Good. Jessica, you may have a seat." 

 "Thank you....Mistress Janet," answered Jessica, her voice wavering with uncertainty 
  as she seated herself in one of the leather chairs. 

 "What were you expecting?" asked Janet. 

 "I'm not sure," answered Jessica. 

 "Not sure about what, and you really must call me Mistress," said Janet. 

 "It's not what I expected, Mistress." 

 "Do you think that I'd drag you to the Dungeon and tear your clothes off? 
  You must be able to prove your submission to me." 

 "I don't understand, Mistress Janet." 

 "Perhaps you would like to see my Maid. Come here, Tina." 

 Tina quickly walked over and stood in front of her Mistress. The black rubber 
  had clung tightly to her naked body underneath, and her every curve could be 
  seen. Her erect nipples were clearly visible on her breasts. Janet knew that 
  Tina was also excited to be displayed in this manner in front of a complete 
  stranger. 

 "Tina, state your position in this House." 

 "I belong to Mistress Janet both as Maid and Slave." 

 "Thank you Tina. Would you like proof of that, Jessica?" 

 "Yes, Mistress Janet." 

 Janet arose from her chair, and walked over to Tina. Using her two hands, 
  she held onto Tina's collar with one and unzipped the latex outfit with the 
  other. It fell to the floor, and Tina was naked and on display. 

 "Step out of your, outfit, slave," ordered Janet. 

 Tina lifted her feet, and picked up her uniform, which she folded and placed 
  on a chair. Jessica gasped at the sight of the naked girl in front of her. 

 "As you can see, my slave is entirely truthful. Turn around, Tina." 

 Tina did as she was ordered, displaying her body and marks for their guest. 
  The surprise on her face was clearly evident. 

 "Tell Jessica how you got those marks, Tina." 

 "Mistress Janet disciplined me in the Dungeon, using a whip and riding crop." 

 "Tell her why," ordered Janet. 

 "I had disobeyed Mistress Janet's orders." 

 "Why else can you be punished?" asked Janet. 

 "Because my Mistress desires it," answered Tina. 

 "You see, here is one of my slaves. Do you think that you can be one?" 

 Jessica was speechless, and Janet could see the conflicting emotions and indecision 
  that was evident on her face. She was both horrified and attracted at the same 
  time by the sight of a Mistress and her slave girl. 

 "Answer me, Jessica," ordered Janet. 

 "I would like to try," answered Jessica slowly. 

 "Before you fully agree, I think that you should closely examine Tina. Look 
  at the many marks on her flesh, and consider whether you could endure such a 
  thing." 

 "Yes, Mistress Janet," answered Jessica entranced by the entire scene. 

 Jessica slowly rose, and walked the few steps towards Tina. She slowly circled 
  her, her eyes tracing the many red welts that adorned Tina's figure. Jessica 
  was clearly fascinated by what she was seeing. 

 "You can touch her, if you'd like," offered Janet, "she won't melt." 

 "Thank you, Mistress Janet," quickly answered Jessica. 

 Jessica reached out her hand, almost like she was about to touch a live wire. 
  Her fingers explored Tina's marks, tracing their paths. Tina stood rock still, 
  not moving a muscle. 

 "Tina is standing at attention right now. Do you think that you could learn 
  to stand so correctly when your body is being examined?" demanded Janet. 

 "No, Mistress Janet." 

 "Then that is one of the many skills that you shall have to learn in order 
  to be my slave," stated Janet. 

 "Would you like to see a demonstration?" asked Janet. 

 "Of what?" nervously answered Jessica. 

 "Just how submissive one of my slaves can be," said Janet. 

 "Yes.........Yes," stuttered Jessica. 

 "Then sit down and don't interfere. If you say or do anything, there will 
  be a punishment for you." 

 "Yes, Mistress Janet." 

 "And one other thing. Take your clothes off," casually ordered Janet. 

 "My clothes?" 

 "You forgot to address me as Mistress. This isn't a garden party, you're not 
  among polite society now. If you want to be a slave, the first lesson that you 
  learn is that slaves don't wear clothing. Just be glad that you won't be bound, 
  as I was my first time. So strip!" ordered Janet. 

 For Janet, this was indeed the moment of truth. Whether or not she could order 
  a women new to submission to obey her orders would establish if she was indeed 
  a Dominant or not. 

 Reluctantly, Jessica unzipped her skirt and folded it on a chair. Then she 
  unbuttoned her blouse, and removed her modest heels. Her bra came next, followed 
  by her pantyhose, and panties. Soon, she was standing naked in front of Janet, 
  her face blushing with shame. 

 "Let me see what you look like," directed Janet, "turn around slowly." 

 Jessica did as she was ordered, and displayed her nakedness to Janet. She 
  was blushing and ashamed, and clearly embarrassed. 

 "Is this the first time that you have shown yourself to another woman?" asked 
  Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress Janet," Jessica answered in a halting voice. 

 "There's nothing to be ashamed of. In this house, my slaves have no need of 
  clothes, except those that I order. You're quite beautiful, you know." 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "In time, you shall have no problem showing yourself to other women, once 
  you've been trained," said Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," repeated Jessica. 

 "Now I want you to kneel on the carpet over there," pointed Janet to a small 
  circular rug that she had brought in just for tonight, "with your legs open 
  so that your sex is open and available, your hands on your knees, and your mouth 
  shut." 

 "Yes, Mistress Janet." 

 Her body shaking, Jessica gingerly walked over to the rug, lowered herself 
  to the floor, and did as she was instructed. Once kneeling, she looked directly 
  at Janet. 

 "You must never look directly at you Mistress, or close your legs. I shall 
  tell you this only once," cautioned Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress Janet," Jessica answered. 

 "Good. Now be quiet and watch," ordered Janet, "Tina, get four ropes, and 
  the riding crop, plus the ballgag." 

 "Yes, Mistress Janet," responded Tina. 

 Tina walked, naked, over to a cabinet and got the items that Janet had asked 
  for. Since she had already used Tina quite harshly recently, she only wanted 
  to provide a mild demonstration for Jessica. 

 Tina presented them to Janet by lying the items at Janet's feet, then kneeling 
  nearby herself. She was in the same position as Jessica, naked and silent. 

 "Very good, Tina. Now I want you to lay down on the black leather footstool, 
  and remain silent," ordered Janet. 

 Rather than provide a demonstration immediately in the Dungeon, Janet instead 
  merely wanted to whet Jessica's curiosity by showing a mild punishment here 
  in the library first. Time enough for the Dungeon later! 

 Tina picked herself up and was soon in the position that Janet had ordered. 
  Janet realized that in the entire time that she had been a Mistress, she had 
  not yet used the footstool that Erica had gotten as a gift from Stephanie. So 
  Tina would be the first! 

 Her breasts were compressed by the weight of her body onto the soft black 
  leather, and her sex was in shadow. Her shapely behind stuck out nicely, just 
  perfect for using the riding crop on. 

 Janet uncoiled the ropes that Tina had procured, and proceeded to tie Tina 
  to the footstool. She first would tie a small knot onto the wood of each leg, 
  pulling it tight. Then she would wind the cord first around Tina's arms, then 
  legs. Finally, she tied a couple of loops at 90 degrees to the rest of the loops, 
  cinching the rope and Tina's limbs tightly to the stool's legs. 

 Try as she might, there was no way that Tina could loosen herself from the 
  footstool. Her naked body was bound to the leather-clad cushion, and she could 
  only wait for what would happen next! 

 Janet walked the few steps to her desk, and removed a broad leather paddle. 
  She displayed the paddle to Jessica, whose eyes widened at the sight of the 
  instrument. Then she showed it to Tina, who displayed no reaction. 

 "Kiss the paddle," ordered Janet. 

 Tina did so, willingly, and Jessica watched her every move with great interest 
  and fascination. 

 Janet than walked around to Tina's upraised behind, and began by delivering 
  firm but gentle strokes to her bottom. Every time the paddle impacted on her 
  buttocks, the flesh bounced with the impact. In addition, Tina ground her bound 
  naked body against the black leather, which excited her even more. Tina moaned 
  with each impact of the paddle, her cries being the only sound in the library. 

 Janet then stole a look at Jessica. The woman was fascinated and embarrassed 
  at the same time. She continued to blush, and her facial cheeks were a bright 
  red. But she kept her hands on her knees as ordered. 

 "Jessica?" asked Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Would you like to feel Tina's skin after it has been punished?" questioned 
  Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Then you may come over here and feel Tina's behind, which I have warmed with 
  the paddle." 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Jessica rose slowly to her feet, and stretched an uncertain hand out towards 
  Tina's upraised bottom. The flesh was bright red from the impacts of the paddle, 
  and Jessica gingerly placed her hand on Tina's right ass cheek. 

 "It's warm, Mistress," observed Jessica. 

 "Yes. And would you like to have your behind warmed with the paddle?" asked 
  Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," quickly answered Jessica, excitement present in her voice. 

 "You may assume the position on the rug again, Jessica, and remain silent 
  as before. Except this time, place your hands behind your head." 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Jessica as she followed Janet's orders fully. 

 Janet reached under Tina, and pinched her nipples, making her moan with excitement. 
  Then she began to play with her sex, inserting her fingers in and out, simulating 
  intercourse. She reached inside and played with Tina's clit, making her moan 
  with desire. 

 "Jessica, I want you to understand that when you're my slave, I own you totally. 
  I decide what clothes you wear, if any. I will use the whip or the crop, and 
  keep you soundly disciplined. I shall decide what pain or pleasure you may endure, 
  but I shall never push you past your limits. Do you understand?" asked Janet. 

 "No, Mistress. But I would like to learn to please you." 

 "Very good, for starters. But the first time you feel that you feel the lash 
  may be quite different," lectured Janet. 

 "I think that I can learn, Mistress," said Jessica. 

 "I'm sure that you will," said Janet. 

 Janet now removed a large dildo from the desk, which she had kept hidden from 
  view until now. She displayed it to Jessica, whose eyes widened at the sight 
  of the shaft. Janet began to thrust it in and out of Tina's pussy, making her 
  rub against the leather footstool, arousing her even more. Tina moaned and bucked 
  against the rope strands that bound her to the footstool, her cries of pleasure 
  filling the library. 

 "Please Mistress," cried Tina, "let me cum!" 

 "Not yet, Tina. I want you to control yourself, especially since we have an 
  audience today," said Janet. 

 "Oh, oh!" cried Tina. 

 "Let me take her place," begged Jessica, "please!" 

 "For interrupting me, slave, you shall wear the ballgag," angrily yelled Janet. 

 Leaving the shaft inside Tina, Janet picked up the ballgag and approached 
  Jessica. She held the straps with her hands, with the red rubber ball between 
  them. 

 "Open your mouth, fool," directed Janet, "and place your hands on your knees 
  again." 

 When Jessica opened her mouth, she suddenly had the rubber ball forced inside. 
  Janet pulled the leather straps around her head, and buckled the gag at the 
  nape of her neck. Jessica was totally silenced. 

 "Keep your hands behind your head, and you shall pay seriously if you remove 
  that gag, or interrupt me again," said Janet with fury in her voice. 

 Jessica nodded her acceptance, and averted her eyes from Mistress Janet, who 
  now resumed her activities with Tina. Taking up where she had left off, she 
  resumed thrusting with the shaft, making Tina moan with greater and greater 
  excitement. 

 Janet decided that Tina was finally ready, and at the peak of erotic excitement. 
  She reached forward, and reached to pinch at Tina's nipple again. 

 "Now, slave, cum!" 

 Tina exploded in a cascade of orgasms, her body releasing all of the erotic 
  excitement of her bondage, paddling, and now the thrusting of the phallus. She 
  bucked and moaned, thrusting her naked skin against the leather of the stool, 
  exciting her even more. 

 Once she had spent herself, Tina lay exhausted on the leather, panting. Janet 
  looked at her with pride, happy that she had performed in front of another person. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," gasped Tina. 

 "You're welcome, Tina." 

 Janet stole a glance at Jessica, who was transfixed at what she had seen. 
  Jessica knelt on the carpet, her hands behind her head and the rubber ball fixed 
  within her mouth. Janet finally felt satisfaction in her own House! 

 Janet untied Tina, and ordered her to stand up. Tina rose, and awaited the 
  next instruction of her Mistress. 

 "Tina, get dressed and take this new slave to the bedroom we selected earlier. 
  Let her do her toilet, and then lock her into only a collar and chain, and attach 
  that to the ringbolt on the wall. You may remove her gag after I have left the 
  library, and only then," ordered Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Jessica, tonight you shall spend the night in a bedroom, though you shall 
  be locked to the wall. Tomorrow, you shall see the Dungeon and feel my lash, 
  and spend the night in a cell. Nod if you accept the start of your slavery," 
  said Janet. 

 Jessica nodded yes, her eyes hypnotized by Janet's words. 

 "I shall see you tomorrow, Jessica. And you had better be prepared to clean 
  house naked with my Maid. Understand? Tomorrow will be your first day as a new 
  slave." 

 Janet walked quickly out of the library, and shut the door behind her. She 
  wanted to make sure that the Dungeon was clean and ready for use tomorrow, while 
  Tina was attending to their new slave. Jessica was hooked and excited! 

* * * * 

The next day, Janet could barely contain herself as she gave Tina her orders 
  for the day. Tiffany had vanished, leaving Janet the sole Mistress of the house. 

 While she usually gave Tina her orders just once a week, and they had already 
  gone over Saturday's schedule earlier, she had decided that Jessica should see 
  how she was Mistress of her House. Tina and Jessica both stood in attendance, 
  with Jessica naked, as Janet described their chores for the day. Janet reflected 
  when she had been in Jessica's place, and now she was the Mistress. 

 After Stephanie had given Janet the information about her prospect, Janet 
  had driven to the public library and quietly researched everything that she 
  could about Jessica Danvers. Jessica was a wealthy woman who had inherited a 
  large fortune, then made it grow through a series of brilliant investments into 
  an even bigger fortune. Janet looked at the society columns and saw Jessica 
  at charity events, concerts, and the other haunts of the wealthy. 

 It was therefore quite disconcerting to see the same person naked, dusting 
  the furniture with Tina directing her every activity. Janet ordered Tina only 
  to scold her charge if she made a mistake, and next week she could use the crop 
  to discipline Jessica. That would be after Janet had disciplined her first! 

 Tina and Jessica had both been ordered to serve breakfast, lunch, and dinner 
  to Janet. Sometimes, Janet would drop ceremony, and eat lunch with Tina alone 
  in the kitchen. But now it was necessary for Jessica to learn the proper respect 
  for her Mistress. 

 Janet sat at Erica's desk, waiting. In front of the desk was a small table 
  and chair. Upon the table was a white lined legal pad and ballpoint pen. Jessica 
  sat in the chair, directly facing Janet. 

 "I don't understand, Mistress?" asked Jessica. 

 "Before you can be my slave, I have to know why. I do this for your own protection, 
  so that you do not make a terrible mistake." 

 "Why, Mistress?" 

 "If you do not write down the reasons why you want to be my slave, and the 
  paper remains blank, then you have failed your first test. Any slave can take 
  the lash, but I have to know why," stressed Janet. 

 Jessica remained silent, and did not answer. 

 "I shall leave now, and you shall have the library to yourself. If you have 
  not written a lengthy piece on why you want to be my slave, then you will be 
  unsuitable," said Janet as she rose from the desk. 

 As Janet walked out of the library, she wondered if she had the same puzzled 
  expression on her face when Erica had made the same demand on her, so long ago. 

 Finally, it was evening, and the spring sky had darkened to night. It was 
  time for Jessica to experience her first time in the Dungeon! 

 Tina had been ordered to collar and bracelet Jessica in one of the bedrooms, 
  then blindfold and gag her before taking her to the Dungeon. Janet wanted her 
  new slave to be dripping with anticipation before her first discipline. 

 When Jessica had been led into the Dungeon, it was late at night. But Janet 
  had turned the lights up, making them almost blinding when Tina removed Jessica's 
  blindfold. Jessica shook her head, as the lights dazzled her when her blindfold 
  was removed. 

 She was made to kneel, her bracelets locked behind her back. Then Tina removed 
  her ballgag, and Janet entered the Dungeon. 

 "Did you have a good day, slave?" asked Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Jessica. 

 "Are you prepared to accept my discipline?" asked Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Good. But there are things that you must swear to me first. Do you, Jessica 
  Danvers, accept my discipline of your own free will?" 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Without coercion or duress?" 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "That you will faithfully obey the orders of your Mistress?" 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "And that you will no longer have the freedom of your own body, which shall 
  belong to me, totally." 

 "Yes, Mistress Janet." 

 "Choose your safeword," ordered Janet. 

 "Mercy, Mistress," answered Jessica. 

 "Then you are ready to be whipped. I found your explanation suitable, but 
  brief. From now on, you shall be required to write more in the future. Tina, 
  you know what to do," said Janet. 

 Jessica Danvers, socialite, was soon hanging from the ceiling chain naked, 
  her wrists and ankles held apart by spreader bars. Her body was held in the 
  shape of an X, and every part of her figure was available for Janet to use. 

 Janet had decided to wear a stunning black leather catsuit that she had not 
  worn in a while. It hugged every part of her body, and she loved the smell and 
  feel of the leather as it totally enclosed her. 

 She selected a thin leather whip that would sting but not mark. Janet wanted 
  Jessica to return next week for more of the discipline that she secretly craved. 
  She did not want to hurt her the first time, as that would discourage her from 
  returning in the future. 

 "I say again, do you accept my discipline?" asked Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress Janet," answered Jessica. 

 "Then kiss the whip and thank your Mistress for the discipline that you are 
  about to receive," ordered Janet. 

 Jessica did as she was ordered to, and kissed the whip. Her body tensed against 
  the bonds that held her, and she thanked Janet for her punishment. 

 Janet stood back, and swung the whip. It encircled Jessica's body, and she 
  jerked when the tip impacted on her behind. She squealed in pain, from the shock 
  of the first stroke. 

 Janet did not believe in hurrying Jessica's first punishment. Instead of beating 
  her brutally, she paced the intervals of each stroke so that the anticipation 
  of each stroke had the same effect as the whip itself. 

 Jessica moaned and cried within her bonds, her nails digging into her palms 
  every time the whip landed on her flesh. She cried, but did not ask for Janet 
  to cease her whipping. 

 Janet stopped, and looked at her sweat stained captive. 

 "Are you all right, slave?" asked Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress. Thank you, Mistress," answered Jessica. 

 Janet reached out and pinched Jessica's erect nipple. This made her further 
  moan in agony. Then she reached down, and invaded Jessica's sex. Her canal was 
  wet with excitement, her juices making her slick inside. While she was clearly 
  ready for a dildo, Janet decided that would be for another weekend. She wanted 
  Jessica to come back for more. 

 "Kiss the whip," ordered Janet, "I'm finished with you tonight." 

 "No, mistress, no!" cried Jessica. 

 "There will be plenty of other times, slave. Are you disobeying your Mistress 
  already, on your first night in the Dungeon?" 

 "I'm sorry, Mistress. I'll do whatever you say," sobbed Jessica. 

 "Since you have been whipped for the first time, there is something that I 
  must now tell you. If you are ever punished to your limit, then you must plead 
  for mercy, and any good Mistress will stop. However, you must never place yourself 
  at the mercy of a Mistress who will not heed your plea, ever," cautioned Janet. 

 "I understand, Mistress," said Jessica. 

 "No you don't," said Janet softly, tears in her eyes as she turned on her 
  heels and left the Dungeon. 

 Janet ordered that Jessica be chained in the downstairs cell, with her hands 
  locked to her collar so that she couldn't stimulate herself to relieve the sexual 
  tension that the discipline had generated in her. Tina reported that she had 
  moaned all night, frustrated by her bondage. 

 The next day, Jessica was bathed and clothed by Tina. On her way out, she 
  bowed before Janet, and swore that she would return. Her glasses were placed 
  on her again, so that she would not know the location of Janet's House, and 
  she was driven off the Estate. 

 'I think that I've got an eager slave,' thought Janet to herself. 

* * * * 

The next Wednesday, Janet and Stephanie went out together for a night out. 
  Tiffany had returned, and announced that she was going to entertain her slave 
  Denise, who Janet thought had been used too harshly. 

 Janet and Stephanie first went shopping in a local mall, trying on clothes 
  together in the expensive department stores like a couple of teenage girls. 
  Janet managed to avoid trying on something that would show the marks on her 
  back, so she felt safe. 

 Then they went out for dinner to an expensive restaurant, and she let Stephanie 
  do the ordering for what was a memorable meal. Afterwards, they went to the 
  movies, and enjoyed a foreign film that was all the rage. 

 "What a night," said Janet, as she pointed the car home. 

 "Sure you don't want to go out for another drink?" asked Stephanie. 

 "We've already been to every watering hole in the area," replied Janet. 

 "Lush." 

 "Drunken Dominant," mocked Janet. 

 After Janet had parked the car in front of her house, they went inside. 

 "Tina," called Janet, "Tina?" 

 "Where is she?" asked Stephanie, as she stowed their jackets in the hall closet. 

 "She would never have gone to bed if we went out," said Janet. 

 "Yes, that's very unusual for someone so devoted," said Stephanie. 

 Walking upstairs, they found Tiffany, asleep on her own bed, a bottle of bourbon 
  open on her night table. 

 "Tiffany," Janet said gently, waking her up, "Tiffany." 

 "Huh?" dumbly answered Tiffany, "what time is it?" 

 "Two. Where's Tina? She isn't in her room." 

 "Oh, shit. Denise didn't come, so I used Tina. I left her in the cell, in 
  a straitjacket and ballgag." 

 "What!" thundered Janet, "when did you leave her?" 

 "Maybe nine, ten." 

 "Oh, god," cried Janet. 

 Janet raced out of Tiffany's bedroom, almost knocking into Stephanie. She 
  pointed downstairs, and they both ran down the stairs and through the open door 
  down below to the Dungeon. 

 In the cell where Janet had spent her first night in captivity, Tina was laced 
  into a leather straitjacket. Her mouth was filled by a ballgag, and her ankles 
  were chained together. 

 Janet pulled the key from the wall, tears in her eyes as she opened the cell 
  lock. Once inside, Janet released the straps from her ballgag, and Tina took 
  short rasping breaths. 

 "I knew you'd come, Mistress," weakly said Tina before she passed out in Janet's 
  arms. 

* * * * 

 Janet paced the corridor outside the door to one of the downstairs bedrooms. 
  After Janet and Stephanie had released Tina from her bondage, they had gotten 
  Tina upstairs and placed her in bed. Stephanie had gotten her medical bag from 
  her car, and had ordered Janet out of the room. 

 She felt like banging her head against the wall, her eyes looking at the staircase 
  and the upper floor. Tiffany was asleep up there, and Janet wished she could 
  throttle her. 

 The clock read 3 AM, and Janet had estimated that Tina had been left alone 
  from about 10 PM until they returned at 2 AM. Tina had been left alone, in the 
  cell, in a straightjacket and ballgag for about four hours. Alone and terrified, 
  helpless in her bondage. 

 'If Erica was here,' Janet thought to herself, 'she'd beat the crap out of 
  me. And I would deserve it, too. I'm responsible for her, and anyone else who 
  submits to me.' 

 But Janet blamed herself, for not being there when Tina needed her. Tina was 
  her responsibility and hers alone. Janet rushed over when the door opened and 
  Stephanie entered the corridor. 

 "Tina?" Janet asked. 

 "She'll be all right, she's fallen asleep," said Stephanie. 

 "Thank god," cried Janet, "I should never have left her with Tiffany. Will 
  she be all right?" 

 "Yes. But I'd like her to have a full exam tomorrow, including a chest X-ray. 
  But her lungs sound clear," said Stephanie. 

 "Thank you, Stephanie," said Janet, relief in her voice. 

 "You know, according to the rules, she could leave you," cautioned Stephanie. 

 "Yes." 

 "But before she slept, she told me she wouldn't. She's attached to you, Janet." 

 "I'll spend the night next to her in the chair, to make sure that she'll be 
  all right," said Janet. 

 "Tina stayed by your side for days until the fever broke," stated Stephanie. 

 "That's why I have to stay with her," said Janet. 

 "Guess I'll call Camille and tell her not to wait up. Got a spare bedroom?" 
  asked Stephanie. 

* * * * 

The next day, Janet cooked breakfast for Tina, and delivered it to her bedroom 
  on a tray. Tina was quite surprised to be served by her Mistress. 

 "Tina, you have the day off, and any additional time if you want it," began 
  Janet, "and Stephanie has arranged a doctor appointment for you later today. 
  I want you to have a complete examination in an office with the right equipment. 
  Camille will be by to pick you up soon. Just to make sure that you are all right 
  before you resume your duties." 

 "But, Mistress Janet. I feel perfectly all right, really," answered Tina. 

 "Are you disobeying your Mistress? A great wrong was done to you last night. 
  Tiffany placed you in a straitjacket with a ballgag then left you alone for 
  hours. I want to make sure that you will be all right. I owe you that much." 

 "Thank you, Mistress." 

 "You stayed at my side when I was recovering from the beating I took at the 
  hands of Mistress Lauren, and I saw tears in your eyes when I regained consciousness 
  after the fever broke. Thank you, and thank you for staying with me. And I'll 
  make sure that Tiffany will never touch you again, ever. I'd kill her first, 
  myself," angrily lectured Janet. 

 "Thank you, Mistress Janet." 

 Janet watched from her bedroom window as Camille helped Tina into Stephanie's 
  car, and drove her away. Good. That left only Stephanie and Tiffany in the house, 
  and Stephanie had said that she would "take care" of Tiffany, prior to being 
  brought into the library to speak to Janet. 

 Janet swallowed, glad that Stephanie had spent the night. If she had not been 
  there, Janet might have hurt or harmed Tiffany in anger. No, this was a decision 
  that had to be reached coldly and calmly, not through anger and emotion. 

 'Erica, what would you do now?' Janet asked silently to herself. 

 She couldn't banish Tiffany from the house without forfeiting her own rights 
  to Erica's estate. That had been made clear in Erica's papers. No, Tiffany would 
  still have the right to live here for the next three months, and do the household 
  accounts. Not that she had shown any real interest in running the estate. 

 In less than 90 days, they would both be called to Blanca's office in New 
  York City and learn who would be the Mistress and who would be the slave. Janet 
  dug her nails into her palms, wondering just how the fates would treat them 
  both. 

 She looked at her watch, and went down to the library. Janet sat behind Erica's 
  desk, not yet feeling that it was hers. Janet waited for Tiffany and Stephanie, 
  hoping that she had made the correct decision. 

 The door opened, and Stephanie brought Tiffany in. She was naked, and wearing 
  a collar, and bracelets on her wrists and ankles. Her wrists were joined at 
  her back, and a ballgag filled her mouth. Stephanie had her on a leash, and 
  Tiffany followed obediently behind her. Tiffany was led to the rug, and Stephanie 
  made her kneel before removing her gag. 

 "Thank you, Mistress Stephanie," said Tiffany when her gag was removed. 

 Janet noted that there were several fresh stripes on Tiffany's behind and 
  thighs, so her friend had made sure that there was a physical reminder of her 
  mistake. 

 "Tiffany, why?" demanded Janet. 

 "I was just careless last night. Denise didn't come, so I used Tina." 

 "And nearly killed her," bluntly stated Janet. 

 Tiffany didn't reply to Janet's statement. 

 "Ever since we inherited the estate, you've acted strangely. On our first 
  night, you wanted to force me into bondage, and I fought you off. Then you did 
  nothing when Mistress Lauren nearly killed me. Now, you nearly harmed Tina," 
  catalogued Janet. 

 Tiffany remained silent throughout Janet's speech, biting her lip. 

 "In accordance with Erica's request, you have the right to continue living 
  here until the codicil is read. We shall live together, but you shall take no 
  actions against either Tina or myself. You can do the accounts with me, not 
  that you have shown any interest in that subject lately. You can train and discipline 
  your own slaves, but you are not allowed to touch any of mine," lectured Janet. 

 "Is there anything else?" asked Tiffany. 

 "Yes. If you ever lay a hand on Tina again, I swear I'll kill you." 

 "Thank you, Mistress Janet," mocked Tiffany. 

 "It's more than you deserve," said Stephanie, "if you were a slave, you'd 
  have been packed off by now." 

 "I may be locked in leather and steel right now, but I'm still Mistress in 
  this house," said Tiffany, "which will soon be mine." 

 "Stephanie, take her away and lock her in the cell for the rest of the day. 
  I don't want to see her free and about just now," directed Janet. 

 When the library door was closed and Janet was alone in the library, it was 
  Tiffany's final words that endlessly repeated themselves in her mind. Even though 
  her friend Stephanie was with her, Janet had never felt so alone in her entire 
  life. Was she really equal to the challenge that Erica had given her? 

 The End of Chapter Ten 




Janet in Training
Chapter Eleven: Janet Ascending

Spring was giving way to summer, and the heat had begun to increase as the 
  days got longer. Winter coats were shed for lighter spring ones, then finally 
  for jackets and even going without. The heavy clothing of winter was gradually 
  being replaced as the seasons changed, and Janet watched as the trendy women 
  of Greenwich wore the newest fashions that season. 

 But not Janet, who would wear either a full blouse or dress, in order to conceal 
  the scars on her back. Unlike the scarlet letter of colonial times, Janet wore 
  hers on her back, and it was marked into her skin. Janet could only wonder about 
  the reaction that she would cause if she were to wear a tank top or something 
  else that exposed her back into a public place. 

 Going to the broker that day in Greenwich had been good. The market was up, 
  and all of her new picks had increased in value. She looked over the latest 
  copies of the printed report in his office, and marked some for sale that weren't 
  doing well, and new ones to buy. There was a calendar hung on his wall, from 
  some resort in the Caribbean. Janet stared at the picture of a couple in bathing 
  suits on a sailboat. 

 "Why don't you go on a trip there," suggested the broker, "you look like you 
  could use a vacation." 

 "No thanks," Janet answered, "too busy." 

 If the prospect of wearing a top that exposed her back in Greenwich was an 
  impossibility, she could only imagine what the reaction might be if she wore 
  a bikini to a beach. Or a regular suit. Even though the marks on her thighs 
  and bottom had faded, Janet was clearly marked, both internally and externally. 

 "All work and no play," said the broker, "makes one pretty stale." 

 "Have to work at this," confided Janet, "I have a reason." 

 "Whatever it is, it must be important," he said as Janet passed him her latest 
  decisions. 

 "You don't know how important," said Janet, "or the stakes involved." 

 "Well, good luck. Whatever the hell you're involved in," he said. 

 "Thanks," said Janet as she rose from her chair, folded the reports into her 
  briefcase, and pulled on her jacket. 

 "Why are you still wearing something so heavy?" he asked. 

 "Thin blood," said Janet on the way out. 

 It was a hot day, and Janet could feel that her blouse was already plastered 
  on her back by sweat. How she longed to rid herself of the jacket, and wear 
  something light and sexy. Instead, she felt like a Victorian walking around, 
  her body fully clothed and invisible. 

 After she had stowed away the reports in her safe deposit box, Janet decided 
  that it would be nice to walk around. She looked in the rich stores on the main 
  street in Greenwich, and the outside temperature increased as the day wore on. 
  It was going to be a hot early summer, and the fashions this year were going 
  to show a lot of skin. 

 "Janet?" 

 Janet turned around when she heard the unfamiliar voice at her back. There 
  was a girl standing there, a pretty brunette. Janet looked her over, and undressed 
  her with her eyes, wondering if she was someone's slave. 

 "Do I know you?" asked Janet. 

 "You took Lauren's continued punishment in my place in her house months ago," 
  she said softly so that nobody else could hear, "my name is Myra." 

 "Oh," answered Janet, recognition dawning in her mind. 

 "I'm Rene's slave, but Lauren is free to use me whenever she desires. Which 
  is quite often," stated Myra. 

 "Let's walk," suggested Janet. 

 "Okay," answered Myra. 

 Janet continued her journey through Greenwich, with Myra at her side, about 
  half a pace behind her. 

 "How are you doing?" asked Janet. 

 "Rene and Lauren are harsh with their slaves. You already know that. I get 
  beaten horribly on a regular basis." 

 "I'm sorry, but there's nothing that I can do," said Janet, "I've already 
  felt Lauren's whip." 

 "I asked if I could be your slave. Do you remember?" asked Myra. 

 "Yes. I was lucky to make it home, and I was feverish and delirious for days. 
  I nearly died," grimly stated Janet. 

 "You infuriated Lauren by taking her punishment and surviving. She hates you, 
  and your former owner, Erica." 

 "I know," answered Janet. 

 "Please buy me and make me your slave, before she goes too far with me also," 
  plead Myra, tears in her eyes. 

 Janet thought carefully before she answered. 

 "I can't, not yet. I'm sorry, Myra. I'm involved in something that Erica has 
  devised. Right now, I'm as much of a slave as you are," said Janet. 

 "Is that why Tiffany is always reading the financial papers, calling a broker 
  and buying stocks like mad?" asked Myra. 

 "Yes," cautiously answered Janet. 

 "She was boasting to Lauren yesterday that her total was over a million. Does 
  that mean anything to you?" asked Myra. 

 "Yes," answered Janet, "yes it does. Thank you." 

 "Mistress Janet, please! Buy me," begged Myra. 

 "It's not yet time, Myra. Please!" responded Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress Janet. Whatever happens, good luck," said Myra, disappointment 
  clearly evident in her voice. 

 It took all of Janet's control to avoid breaking down as she walked back to 
  her car and away from Myra. The slave had taken an awful chance in talking to 
  her, and if her information was correct, then Janet was in real trouble. They 
  had both started out with a million dollars in stock. In the months since, with 
  the market up and down, Janet had finally reached back to her starting figure. 

 But if Tiffany were ahead, the tyranny of the calendar would be ticking away 
  the days until the end of her freedom. Her threat to place Janet in the Dungeon 
  was not an idle one. 

 Janet shed tears in her car, worrying about the future and what it might bring. 

 "Lunch, Mistress?" asked Tina when she returned home. 

 "Something light, Tina. I really don't feel like eating." 

 "Yes, Mistress Janet." 

 "Is Tiffany home, has she eaten?" asked Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress, to both questions," answered Tina. 

 "Thank you, Tina." 

 Tina set a tray before her containing a salad, a cold soda, and a piece of 
  cake. Janet doubted that she could get any of it down, but she resolved to try. 
  Janet had never suffered from any of the problems of eating that beset other 
  women, but her stomach was now tied in knots at the information that she had 
  obtained. 

 Janet ate alone in the library, reading a book from the vast collection that 
  Erica had created. How had her owner managed to get such a library when she 
  had been so busy in the Dungeon? 

 "Hi there," said Tiffany, as she seated herself on the leather couch. 

 "Greetings," politely answered Janet. 

 "I'm having a good day. Want to go out?" offered Tiffany. 

 "No thanks," refused Janet, "we've already done that." 

 "Are you afraid that I'd take you to Lauren's again?" asked Tiffany. 

 "The thought had crossed my mind," politely answered Janet. 

 "Just out for a drive, that's all," answered Tiffany. 

 "I'd like to rest for a while. My slave Jessica is coming over tonight, so 
  I'd like to use the Dungeon this evening. Okay?" asked Janet. 

 "Sure, I'm going out tonight anyway, after I go shopping. I'm picking up a 
  diamond necklace today in town, costing plenty," boasted Tiffany. 

 "Really, how lucky of you," said Janet. 

 "Let's just say that I made some money lately, and now I want to spend it 
  on myself. Want to see a picture?" offered Tiffany. 

 "Sure." 

 Tiffany unfolded a picture that she had been carrying around in her shirt 
  pocket from the Times. It was a diamond necklace, all right, with a price in 
  five figures. 

 "Just make sure you keep it safe," said Janet, "you wouldn't want someone 
  to steal it from you." 

 "Yeah," said Tiffany when she departed the library. 

 Tiffany could not have hurt Janet more than if she had stabbed Janet with 
  a knife. First, the news from Myra and now Tiffany was spending a lot of money 
  on a necklace. What had seemed like such a good day in the morning was becoming 
  a disaster in the afternoon. 

 Leaving the tray in the library, she walked up to her bedroom, shed her shoes, 
  and looked forward to a few hours of blissful sleep. Before her session with 
  Jessica, who was her devoted slave and submissive. 

 Janet lay down on the bed and loosened her blouse and skirt. At least the 
  bedroom was a pleasant temperature. Not too hot or too cold, she thought. 

 When the alarm clock finally went off at 5 PM, it was a relief to awaken. 
  Janet swung her legs off the bed, and realized that she was covered in sweat. 
  Her clothes were soaked, as if she had been outside on an August day. 

 "Damn!" cried Janet, "shower time." 

 Janet stripped off her clothes, after having told Tina to keep her dinner 
  waiting for a while. She turned the shower up to hot, and jumped under the steaming 
  water, letting the stinging water wash away her sweat and the sour odor of her 
  perspiration. Soaping herself, she allowed herself the luxury of stimulating 
  herself orgasm in the shower. Which was something that she had ordered Jessica 
  not to do. 

 Her fingers massaged her sex, and her pussy hair, which had regrown since 
  Andrea was no longer shaving it. Tiffany had removed Erica's medallion, but 
  not the labia ring that it had been attached to. 

 She considered if she should order that Jessica should be shaved also as a 
  measure of her submission to Janet. When suddenly something clicked, and Janet 
  froze, dropping the soap bar onto the bathtub's floor. 

 "Idiot!" cried Janet, "Idiot!" 

 Just because the rules said that they couldn't seek advice from the brokers 
  that they had to deal with, didn't mean that they couldn't get it elsewhere. 
  Lauren was probably advising Tiffany, since Myra had told her what she had seen 
  in Lauren's house. 

 Janet had been working by herself, alone and terrified while investing in 
  the market. When someone else could have helped her. Like another broker, or 
  Jessica. 

 Jessica! Here she had one of the wealthiest women in the country as one of 
  her slaves, and she hadn't made the proper use of her. Sure, Jessica had shown 
  that she would lick her boots and pussy, and perform housework and endure the 
  whip. But would she serve as her advisor? 

 Janet had learned at Erica's feet that the purpose of a slave was to serve 
  her Mistress, no matter what the demand or circumstance. Erica and later Stephanie 
  had used her in many ways, but never intellectually. Perhaps it was time to 
  start. 

 Stephanie had once taken Janet to a party where the guests were all Dominatrices 
  and their slaves. She had met a wealthy woman who owned her own business, who 
  had told her that her slave was also her girl Friday. Blanca may not have wanted 
  to use a slave in her law office, but that didn't mean others would have the 
  same prohibition. 

 Quickly Janet got out of the shower, glad for the hot water that had reinvigorated 
  her. She toweled herself off, her skin still sweating from the sauna like conditions 
  of the shower that she had just taken. After drying herself, Janet dressed in 
  a blouse, jeans, and a pair of high heels. 

 'Not an elegant way to dress for dinner,' Janet thought, 'but I'll dress in 
  something more fitting before Jessica arrives.' 

 While she had barely been able to choke down lunch, she attacked the broiled 
  scallops like she had not eaten for a week. She drank sparingly of the white 
  wine, since she had to keep a clear head with Jessica. Tiffany had consumed 
  too much bourbon, and had fallen asleep with Tina locked in the cell. Janet 
  would do no such thing, and only drank the wine to enhance the meal, not to 
  get drunk. 

 Tina watched her Mistress eat, and smiled when she saw how Janet ate with 
  pleasure. Janet observed her, but kept silent about her idea for using Jessica. 

 Sitting at the table, Janet pondered what she was going to do with Jessica. 
  In the several weeks that she had been training her as a slave, Jessica had 
  been steadily brought along one step at a time. She had been divested of her 
  clothes, and forced to work alongside a Maid. She had been punished with ever 
  increasing severity with the whip and crop. Jessica had also been ordered to 
  contain herself, only being allowed to release herself upon Janet's orders. 

 The result was that Jessica was slowly being turned into a slave. With Janet 
  holding her strings as her puppeteer. Question was, had she been brought far 
  enough along to serve in this new capacity? 

 Janet would find out tonight and order Tina out of the Dungeon at the crucial 
  time. She didn't want Tina to find out about this, not yet. Not even Stephanie 
  should know. 

 "Thank you, Tina, that was an excellent dinner," complimented Janet. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," Tina replied. 

 "Is Tiffany gone?" 

 "She left when you were in the shower, Mistress." 

 "Excellent. Jessica will be here at 9 PM, so I'll dress myself before then. 
  The usual setup," ordered Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Tina as she collected the dishes. 

 Just like the first evening when Jessica had arrived for her introduction 
  to bondage, Janet was nervous as hell. She had left Tina alone to dress in her 
  latex uniform, so that she could be shown of to Jessica. Meanwhile, Janet had 
  to dress herself in her leather outfit, and she was shaking like a leaf. 

 "Goddamn, Janet," she said aloud in front of her mirror, "a Mistress is supposed 
  to be supremely confidant and a goddess. Instead, you're shaking like a leaf. 
  So calm down!" 

 Janet had decided on something simple, given the sudden heat of spring. She 
  wore a black leather bodysuit over a pair of pantyhose, plus simple pair of 
  knee high boots. Admiring herself in the mirror, she loved the way the bodysuit 
  hugged all her curves. 

 She had tried wearing her leather catsuit around the house recently, and discovered 
  that it was already too warm to do so. When she finally took it off, it was 
  time for it to be cleaned. Janet had not even bothered to wear her rubber catsuit, 
  remembering the wrestling suit she had inherited from her brother. 

 She would get by the summer by wearing things that would let her skin breath, 
  at least partially. Janet heard a car crunch on the gravel outside, and looked 
  at the clock. It was already 9 PM, and her charge was arriving now! 

 Janet walked carefully from her bedroom and downstairs to the library. Janet 
  passed Tina in the hall, as she was going outside to collect Jessica from the 
  limo. It was a good thing that there was no carpeting anywhere in the mansion. 
  Walking in stiletto heels was dangerous enough already, and the sharp heels 
  would eventually destroy the carpet anyway. 

 She took one last look at herself in the library mirror, admiring her long 
  legs. Then she seated herself in the large leather chair and waited for the 
  night's activities to begin. 

 Tina brought in Jessica, and through the open window Janet could hear the 
  gravel crunch as the car pulled away. Jessica was wearing a simple white blouse, 
  skirt, and heels as Janet had ordered when she departed last Sunday. If she 
  had followed Janet's orders to the letter, then she would be wearing nothing 
  underneath. 

 "Remove her sunglasses, Tina," ordered Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 When the glasses were removed, Jessica blinked her eyes in the sudden light. 
  She remained silent until her Mistress deigned to speak to her. 

 "Good evening, Jessica. I trust that you are eager to see your Mistress this 
  weekend," said Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress Janet," answered Jessica. 

 "Then remove your clothes and let me see if you have obeyed your instructions 
  that I gave you on Sunday," ordered Janet. 

 Jessica began by unbuttoning the sleeves on her blouse, then unzipping her 
  skirt. Janet nodded in approval when she saw that Jessica had indeed followed 
  her orders, and wore no underwear. Instead, her female figure was well striped 
  by the accumulation of several weeks of Janet's discipline. 

 "Very nice, Jessica. In future, I may order you to wear something of mine 
  on yourself permanently. To remind you that I am your Mistress," described Janet. 

 "May I ask Mistress a question?" 

 "Go ahead," answered Janet. 

 "What would you have me wear?" asked Jessica. 

 "A locked chain around your waist, to start. Something that you couldn't remove 
  yourself. Then perhaps your labia might be pierced to contain a medallion proving 
  your slavery to me. You could even be tattooed or branded as a final mark of 
  ownership. Would you like to do something like that?" asked Janet. 

 "I don't know, Mistress. I'm still pretty scared," truthfully answered Jessica. 

 "Thank you for your honest answer, Jessica. Slaves aren't allowed to lie to 
  their Mistress. Tina, outfit her in collar, bracelets, blindfold, and ballgag," 
  ordered Janet. 

 Jessica stood silently as Tina placed the instruments of bondage upon her, 
  standing stiffly and offering her limbs as the leather and steel enclosed them. 
  Janet watched quietly as her Maid took control of the situation, expertly confining 
  Jessica into slavery. Janet decided that next week Jessica would not even see 
  her Mistress upon entering the house. Much as Erica had done with Janet by handing 
  her over to Andrea upon entering her house. 

 When Tina was done, she locked Jessica's wrists behind her back. Then she 
  made her kneel onto the small carpet, and a leash was attached to her collar. 
  Tina then got a blindfold and ballgag from the desk, and in a few seconds Jessica 
  was rendered without sight or speech. 

 Janet noted that Jessica had eagerly opened her mouth when the gag was presented 
  to her. She had opened her mouth without hesitation and her lips enclosed the 
  red rubber ball. Jessica had gone from being reluctant about the gag to eager 
  in just a few weeks. She wondered just how much more eager she would become 
  in the future. 

 Tina had been ordered to take Jessica immediately to the Dungeon, then to 
  be locked by her collar chain to the wall. Then she was supposed to wait for 
  Janet to arrive after a period of time, so that Jessica would be mad with anticipation 
  to see her Mistress. 

 Once Jessica had been led away, Janet relaxed. Tiffany was away, and Janet 
  hoped that she wouldn't be interfering any time soon. The only problem was that 
  if she knew the identity of Janet's newest slave, which might cause problems 
  later. 

 The sudden electronic ring of the phone interrupted her thoughts. 

 "Hello?" asked Janet. 

 "Janet, hi, its Tiffany." 

 "What's up?" 

 "I'm calling to say that I'll be back on Monday. I'm going away with Lauren 
  for a trip," stated Tiffany. 

 "Thanks for calling," said Janet. 

 "Bye," said Tiffany, and the connection were severed. 

 Janet clutched the phone, convinced that finally the fates were on her side. 
  Her new slave, the market up and now Tiffany absent from the house. 

 "My luck has to turn sometime," said Janet to herself. 

 Janet let a full half-hour elapse, sure that this would be enough time to 
  drive Jessica mad with desire for her Mistress. She loved hearing the sounds 
  that her heels made as they clicked on the wooden floor as she made her way 
  to the Dungeon. The sounds echoed through the huge house, like the sounds of 
  a metronome. 

 Jessica was kneeling on a piece of carpet, her collar chained to the wall. 
  She remained bound in the same way as she had been in the library. Janet walked 
  to a chair that looked like a throne, and sat down. She motioned for Tina to 
  unlock Jessica and bring her over to Janet. 

 Tina complied, all without saying a word. Soon, Jessica was naked, bound, 
  and kneeling before her Mistress. Since she was blindfolded, she didn't know 
  who was in front of her. 

 Janet stood up, and placed her thumb and forefinger under Jessica's chin. 
  She made Jessica gradually raise her head, since it had been downcast towards 
  the floor. Then Janet began to play with Jessica's erect nipples, sometimes 
  pinching them between her fingers. 

 This had the effect of making Jessica moan from behind her gag. Just to make 
  her slave feel more helpless, Janet continued to pull and fondle her slave's 
  breasts. In time, Jessica became fully aroused. 

 Since she had already been a slave for several weeks, she knew to keep her 
  legs opened and her sex available. Once, she had forgotten, and Janet had quickly 
  and severely punished her with several stokes of the riding crop on her thighs. 
  This had left several red welts that had lasted a long time, and proved a good 
  reminder in her training. 

 Janet reached between Jessica's legs to her wet pussy, and began to fondle 
  her sex. Jessica moaned even more, and Janet pinched her clit just once. This 
  provoked a reaction whereby her entire body shook with desire. 

 Janet knew that her training of this slave had been entirely successful. Jessica 
  Danvers may have been a wealthy society woman, but inside she was a slave to 
  her desires, one of which was to be subject to a Mistress. 

 Janet removed her blindfold, but not her ballgag. Jessica blinked in the sudden 
  light, as Janet's Dungeon was kept well lit. Dark Dungeons were for gothic novels 
  in her opinion. 

 "Good evening, slave. I take it that you have been eagerly awaiting the pleasure 
  of your Mistress," said Janet. 

 Jessica nodded her head yes in reply, the rubber ball silencing her replies. 

 "Perfect. I can see by your body's reaction that you are ready to serve me." 

 Jessica nodded again. 

 "Excellent." 

 "Thank you, Mistress," gasped Jessica when her ballgag was removed. 

 "You're welcome, Jessica. Now we can begin. Something with the paddle, first. 
  Just to soften you up and get you in the proper frame of mind," suggested Janet. 

 Jessica was then locked over a leather-padded sawhorse. Her ankles were secured 
  by the D rings on her bracelets and locked to the legs on one side. Then her 
  torso was bent over the apex of the horse, and her wrist cuffs were similarly 
  locked on the other side. 

 The girl was quite vulnerable and exposed to what her Mistress would desire 
  for her use and discipline. Her hair had been gathered into a ponytail at Janet's 
  direction so that it would not interfere in any way. Janet did not want Jessica's 
  view to be blocked, nor did she want Jessica to inhale her loose hair. So she 
  has told Tina to bind it up before Jessica had been placed on the horse. 

 "Ready, slave?" asked Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," meekly replied Jessica. 

 Janet had a leather paddle in her hand, onto which she had sprinkled a few 
  drops of water. This had softened the leather, and would produce a nice sound 
  when it impacted on Jessica's bottom. 

 "Have you forgotten?" angrily demanded Janet. 

 "Thank you, Mistress, for what I am about to receive," quickly answered Jessica. 

 Jessica's reward was the first stroke with the paddle. Janet had delivered 
  a strong stinging blow that landed with a satisfying thwack on Jessica's behind. 
  Janet noted with approval how her buttocks shook with the impact, making them 
  bounce up and down. 

 "One," cried Jessica. 

 Janet delivered another stroke, this time to another part of Jessica's behind. 
  It landed with less force than the first, but still reddened the slave's skin. 

 "Two!" 

 The third was placed right on the area between her ass cheeks leading up to 
  her anus. Janet knew that every time that Jessica would be sitting down for 
  the next few days, she would be forced to think of her Mistress. 

 "Three!" 

 "Four." 

 Janet only wanted to deliver enough strokes to make Jessica's behind red and 
  sore, so that Jessica would have a reminder of the punishment that she had undergone. 
  Since this was the first time that Jessica had been bound over the horse, Janet 
  had finally satisfied Jessica's curiosity about what the horse was used for. 

 "Ten!" cried Jessica, the beginning of tears in her eyes. 

 Janet felt Jessica's reddened behind. The skin was warmed to the touch, and 
  Janet knew that she had accomplished her goal without punishing Jessica too 
  much. Ten strokes with the paddle and a red behind were enough to introduce 
  Jessica to the horse for today. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," sobbed Jessica when no further strokes with the paddle 
  were forthcoming. 

 Next time, Janet would use her hand instead of the paddle. This little change, 
  from using an instrument to her own flesh, would show Jessica a certain intimacy 
  with her Mistress that the impersonal leather did not possess. 

 Janet did not have to explore Jessica's sex to know that she was already wet 
  and excited. She knew that even before they had started for the night. No, Janet 
  now had to make Jessica become ever more stimulated before she would be allowed 
  to cum. 

 "Tina, release her please," ordered Janet. 

 When Jessica had been released from the horse, she stood in silence directly 
  in front of Janet. Janet had not ordered her to be placed into another form 
  of bondage, but merely was waiting to direct her slave with a new and confusing 
  order. 

 "Jessica!" said Janet sharply. 

 "Yes, Mistress," she quickly answered. 

 "Since you have already been my slave for a fairly long period of time, in 
  my opinion you are now ready to select your own punishment," said Janet. 

 "Mistress?" asked a puzzled Jessica. 

 "You may go to the cabinet and select the instrument that I will use on you 
  next. Just don't take all evening." 

 Confused and baffled from Janet's latest order, Jessica walked uncertainly 
  over to the open cabinet where the instruments of the Dungeon were located. 
  Inside were all of the things that were meant to be used on a slave girl, at 
  the choice of her Mistress. 

 It was therefore quite strange that Janet would give her slave the choice 
  of what would be used on her next. It was quite a painful decision for a slave 
  girl to have to make. 

 Jessica would pick up and handle the whip, riding crop, flogger, and other 
  instruments. All of which Janet had used on her in the preceding weeks, as Jessica 
  descended deeper and deeper into slavery. 

 She finally chose a long sinuous black leather whip, one that had been used 
  on her many times before. Janet had told Tina earlier to make certain that all 
  of the instruments were to be cleaned and oiled for tonight, else Tina would 
  have to endure a special ordeal. Tina had obeyed, and all of the leather things 
  within had been polished and shined under the lights. 

 Jessica then removed the whip, walked slowly over to Janet, and knelt before 
  her, presenting Janet with the thing that she had chosen. 

 "Thank you, Jessica. I'm that that I can make your choice of the whip worthwhile," 
  said Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Jessica as Janet removed the coiled whip from her 
  hands. 

 "Tina, chain Jessica up from the ceiling by her wrists and lock her ankles 
  with a spreader bar," ordered Janet, "I want her completely vulnerable to me." 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Janet sat down in her chair, and waited for Tina to complete her directed 
  task. She felt the whips surface on her fingers, enjoying the sensual experience 
  of the oiled leather. Tina had done an excellent job with the whip, and it was 
  truly in excellent condition. Perhaps Tina would be its next target soon! 

 Janet was in no hurry. In comparison to Tiffany, who rushed through her discipline 
  with her slaves, Janet knew that the longer the expectation, the greater the 
  climax that the slave would experience upon release. Which would please both 
  slave and Mistress, and keep the slave coming back for more! 

 Jessica was restrained from the ceiling with her wrist bracelets locked together, 
  and her legs kept apart by the spreader bar. She was totally exposed to whatever 
  cruelties that her Mistress would desire to inflict upon her. 

 Mistress Janet rose slowly from her chair, her long beautiful legs encased 
  in black hose. The skin from her waist to her feet was covered by the sheer 
  weave, and showed every muscle of her lovely legs. Seeing herself in the mirror, 
  Janet resolved that she wouldn't wear boots again so often. Janet decided that 
  she would display her legs from now on! 

 The Mistress coiled the whip with her two hands and presented the handle of 
  woven leather to Jessica's red lips. Jessica kissed the handle without having 
  been ordered to, since she already knew what Janet expected of her. 

 "Thank you, Mistress, for the punishment that I am about to receive," said 
  Jessica, as she restrained a sob. 

 "You're welcome, slave." 

 Janet uncoiled the whip, and delivered a mild stroke that curled around Jessica's 
  exposed body. The tip landed with a moderate impact, and when it struck Jessica's 
  breast, she shook her head from side to side, trying to deny the emotions and 
  feelings that the whip generated within her. 

 "Thank you, Mistress!" cried Jessica. 

 When Janet had been whipped for the first time, she had protested that nice 
  girls didn't get whipped. True, Erica had pointed out. Slave girls got whipped, 
  and that was what Jessica had become by now. Horrified and attracted by the 
  discipline that she was now receiving from her Mistress. 

 The whip struck again, with the tip landing between Jessica's breasts. Jessica's 
  reaction was to moan and cry. 

 "Don't you want to count the strokes?" asked Janet. 

 "No, Mistress," cried Jessica. 

 "Would you rather be gagged?" 

 "Yes, Mistress," Jessica begged. 

 Deciding that it would be more personal if she gagged Jessica herself, Janet 
  got the gag from Tina. She walked over to Jessica, and presented the object 
  to her slave. 

 "Is this what you want?" asked Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Then you shall have it, slave," said Janet. 

 Jessica opened her mouth, and Janet pushed the red rubber ball inside, drawing 
  the straps around to the back of the neck. Jessica bowed her head to assist 
  Janet as the buckle was drawn tight and closed, with her bound hair nicely out 
  of the way. The rubber ball was deep inside her mouth, and Jessica would never 
  be able to displace it. 

 Janet had told Jessica the previous week that the pain and the pleasure of 
  being whipped would be intensified if she wore the ballgag. Jessica had remembered 
  what her Mistress had told her, and desired the experience. 

 Her discipline continued with a slow, steady series of strokes. Janet wanted 
  to insure that Jessica's entire skin would slowly heat up under the repeated 
  impacts of the whip. She was striking her charge with impacts barely hard enough 
  to mark, but she knew that Jessica was experiencing both agony and ecstasy at 
  the same time. 

 Janet kept the pace of her strokes, pausing after every series of ten had 
  been properly delivered. She watched as Jessica's skin was slowly marked with 
  a thin tracery of fine lines from the whip. 

 "Enjoying yourself?" asked Janet. 

 "Mmmmph!" answered Jessica. 

 Janet decided to stop, and check on what she had accomplished. Jessica's skin 
  was warm to the touch, with an almost electric excitement pulsating through 
  her body. Jessica's nipples were fully erect and her sex was completely wet 
  from her discipline. The gag was having the effect of preventing her from begging 
  for her punishment to stop. 

 "Jessica, since you can't plead for mercy with the gag in your mouth, I'm 
  going to give you a coin. I want you to hold this in your fingers. If the pain 
  gets too intense, or I hurt you too much, I want you to release the coin. Understand?" 

 Jessica nodded her understanding, and Janet placed a dollar-sized casino token 
  between the thumb and fingers of Jessica's left hand. Jessica held the coin 
  tightly, not wanting to release it by accident. 

 With the gag still between Jessica's teeth, Janet then proceeded with her 
  discipline. As before, she began slowly. Jessica's skin had not really cooled 
  down, and she was charged like an erotic battery that her Mistress was in control 
  of. Janet would decide when she would discharge this particular battery! 

 Janet delivered the next series of strokes with a little more force than the 
  previous ones. The marks on Jessica's body were more pronounced, and would last 
  longer. Surely Jessica knew that if her body were to be whipped longer, her 
  marks would remain for quite some time. 

 "Jessica," said Janet, "look at yourself in the mirror! Are you sure that 
  you want me to continue marking you with the whip!" demanded Janet. 

 Jessica nodded her head yes in response to her Mistresses demand. 

 "I hope that you're not planning on going on a cruise or swimming then, because 
  your whip marks will be a little hard to explain," stated Janet. 

 Jessica repeated nodding her head yes. 

 "Then we shall continue, slave," said Janet coldly. 

 Janet wondered just how Jessica must have been coping with her tribulation. 
  Jessica was still fairly new, yet she was now proving to Janet that she was 
  capable of great endurance in accepting the whip from her Mistress. 

 'Damn it,' thought Janet, 'drop the coin!' 

 Janet suddenly placed herself back in Lauren's house, helpless as she was 
  whipped into unconsciousness. The room swayed and distorted, even though it 
  was brightly lit. She saw Lauren's leering sadistic face, then Sabrina and Myra. 

 'Myra,' thought Janet, 'where are you now?' 

 'Buy me please?' begged Myra, 'please?' 

 Janet's nightmare was suddenly ended when she heard the sound of the coin 
  dropping to the floor and giving off a sharp ring when it struck the stone floor. 

 "Very good," said Janet as she struggled to regain her composure. 

 Janet stopped her use of the whip, and realized that during the entire flashback 
  to her ordeal with Lauren she had continued to whip Jessica like a robot. It 
  had only been the sound of the coin falling that had stopped her from continuing 
  to whip Jessica past her endurance. 

 Before the evening had started, Janet had decided that she would torment her 
  slave three times tonight before letting her finally cum in a rush of orgasms. 
  But since Jessica had already undergone so much discipline already, and she 
  was quite clearly ready, now was the time to let her release. 

 "Tina, take her down and place our guest in the special chair. Don't remove 
  her gag just yet," Janet ordered. 

 Jessica was placed on a special wooden chair, with a hole in the center. It 
  was on a special platform that was elevated over a foot off the floor. Her wrists 
  were locked behind her back, and her ankles were locked to the chair's legs. 
  Under the hot lights, Janet saw that her slave had taken a large amount of strokes. 
  Her skin was covered with the whip marks that she would carry for some time. 

 It was now time to release the battery that Janet had been charging all night! 

 Janet walked over to the cabinet and chose a modest sized white vibrator. 
  While the sex shops were full of monster dildos, they were only for show. Using 
  this on Jessica would make her slave eager to have one, once she had been wracked 
  by orgasm after orgasm! 

 "Ever use one of these?" asked Janet as she displayed the vibrator to her 
  bound captive. 

 Jessica shook her head from side to side, saying no. 

 "Good. Then I'm sure that you'll enjoy it, slave." 

 Janet flicked the switch on, and felt the gentle buzzing of the vibrator. 
  She knew that since Jessica was now fully excited by her punishments, Jessica 
  would experience a massive series of orgasms. 

 Reaching under the chair, she pushed the white vibrator up through the hole 
  inside Jessica's sex. Janet had to bend down to get under the seat so that she 
  would have the leverage to insert the vibrator deeper inside Jessica. 

 Once Janet had pushed it inside, Jessica instantly began to buck and moan. 
  Janet did not even have to thrust the shaft in and out, as Jessica would raise 
  and lower herself onto the vibrator. With Jessica already primed, the slave 
  was quite ready and eager for release. 

 Janet had found the chair in a storeroom, and had guessed instantly what it 
  could be used for. She had been disappointed that Erica had not used it on her! 

 "Now!" ordered Janet as Jessica impaled herself on the plastic shaft. 

 Jessica's body was wracked with pleasure as the waves of orgasms flooded over 
  her, making her moan and cry from behind her gag. She bit onto the rubber, and 
  it's presence in her mouth helped to make the climaxes even more intense, since 
  the power of speech had been removed from her! 

 Janet thrust the vibrator again and again, each time making sure that her 
  slave experienced one orgasm after another, until they began to come fewer and 
  fewer. Janet wanted her to be exhausted and to spend herself completely before 
  she was released from the chair. 

 Janet and the vibrator were unwinding all of the pent-up energy that Jessica 
  had been keeping. Finally, Jessica slumped in fatigue after she had climaxed 
  again and again. It was finally time, since Jessica had experienced the release 
  that she had come to a Mistress for. 

 "Tina, release her. Jessica, I want you on the carpet, knees apart," ordered 
  Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," said Tina. 

 Still gagged, Jessica kneeled on the carpet in front of the throne like chair. 
  Not certain about her hands, she placed them on her knees, awaiting further 
  instructions from Janet. 

 "Tina, could you leave us, please?" asked Janet. 

 "Mistress?" asked Tina, surprise on her face. 

 Every time that Tina had assisted Janet, she had been there the entire time, 
  from beginning to end. Now she was being asked to leave, and she couldn't understand 
  why. 

 "Tina! Don't make me have to repeat an order again!" angrily said Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Tina, who turned on her heels and left the Dungeon. 

 'Tina I'm sorry I had to do that,' thought Janet, 'but I'll explain after 
  this is all over.' 

 Janet stood up from her chair and walked over to Jessica, who knelt awaiting 
  the next move of her Mistress. Janet unbuckled the ballgag, and held it in her 
  hands, wrapping the leather strap around her fingers. The ball was wet with 
  Jessica's drool, and glistened in the Dungeon's bright lights. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," panted Jessica. 

 "You're welcome, slave. Did you enjoy your discipline tonight?" 

 "Yes Mistress." 

 "You know, you won't be able to go swimming in a public place with your skin 
  like that," stated Janet. 

 "I own a small island in the Caribbean where I vacation privately, usually 
  without clothing anyway. Perhaps you would care to join me?" asked Jessica. 

 "Thank you. Your offer is most kind," Janet replied. 

 "I could even have a small Dungeon built to satisfy your needs," offered Jessica. 

 "I can dominate you without a Dungeon, just as I did with a girl recently 
  in Manhattan. One doesn't always need a Dungeon in the basement, you know. Just 
  a skilled Mistress." 

 "Yes, Mistress Janet," answered Jessica. 

 "In two of your last responses, you failed to address me with my proper title 
  of Mistress. Was that a deliberate omission, or just an accident?" asked Janet. 

 "An accident, Mistress Janet, please! Don't punish me again," plead Jessica. 

 Janet knew that Jessica's skin and loins were on fire, and she was now ready 
  for the request that she would make of her. 

 "Slave Jessica," Janet began, "I know that you are one of the most prominent 
  people in Greenwich. You are in the society columns, and are from one of the 
  oldest families in the nation." 

 "You forgot to say that I am also one of the richest people in the area, Mistress. 
  Do you want something financial from me?" asked Jessica. 

 "Beyond the gift that you agreed upon with Mistress Stephanie, no. I have 
  a quite different problem that I require help with." 

 "I don't understand, Mistress?" answered Jessica, puzzlement in her voice. 

 "I posses a certain financial account containing stocks the value of which 
  must increased by a certain date, otherwise consequences of which would be disastrous 
  to me personally. Since you are an expert in the field of finance, I require 
  the assistance of my slave to help me. Will you do so?" asked Janet. 

 Jessica was silent for a few moments before responding. 

 "Why can't you merely add money to the account, Mistress?" asked Jessica. 

 "For reasons that I cannot discuss, I can only withdraw, not add, money. I 
  have withdrawn nothing so far," said Janet. 

 Suddenly the photograph of the diamond necklace that Tiffany had purchased 
  came into her mind. Tiffany must have been quite certain of her victory to cash 
  in some of her gains to buy something like that. She certainly could not afford 
  it on the allowance that they were granted each month by Blanca and the will! 

 "I think I understand, Mistress." 

 "Will you help me?" asked Janet, who resisted the temptation to get down on 
  her knees and prostrate herself in front of her slave. 

 "Yes, Mistress. I will serve as your advisor in whatever capacity you will 
  need me," Jessica answered. 

 "Thank you. Can we meet at the Stone Bank in Greenwich at 10 AM Monday to 
  begin? I have my records stored there," said Janet. 

 "Not at home, Mistress?" asked Jessica. 

 "For reasons I cannot discuss, I can't keep my records at home," stated Janet, 
  "and you must not tell anyone about this! Not your family or friends, or even 
  Tina. It must be a secret between us," implored Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Jessica, "I shall serve you in any way that I can. 
  You said that you owned me totally, and you do. Forever." 

 'I hope so,' thought Janet, 'I hope you're right.' 

* * * * * 

Janet led Jessica to her bedroom, since it was now time for the slave to satisfy 
  her Mistress. Since Jessica had been a slave, Janet had edged her ever closer 
  to the idea that one day she would have to service her Mistress. 

 Janet angrily remembered that she had served Stephanie and not Erica first, 
  when she had been loaned to the other Mistress during her training period. She 
  had longed to satisfy her Mistress, but that had been denied her, perhaps by 
  design. In her own training of new slaves, Janet had decided that they would 
  serve her first! 

 Leading Jessica up from the Dungeon by a leash, with Jessica's hands locked 
  behind her, Janet was angry to find that Tina was not standing outside the door 
  waiting for her. Could she have been that mad? Janet resisted the temptation 
  to go and find her, since Tina was probably in her servant's room. She had to 
  continue with Jessica, since this would further bond her slave to her. 

 Next week, when they would be in the house without Jessica present, Janet 
  would punish Tina for her insolent behavior. Janet would make certain that Tina 
  would not misbehave again. Even if she was not allowed to know what was really 
  going on. 

 "Come along, Jessica," said Janet as she pulled the girl along by her leash. 

 When they arrived upstairs, Janet immediately unlocked the leash from Jessica's 
  collar. She then unlocked Jessica's wrists from behind her back, freeing her 
  hands. 

 "Use the bathroom and clean yourself," directed Janet to an empty bedroom, 
  "make yourself ready for your Mistress." 

 While Jessica cleaned herself in the bedroom next to Janet's, Janet entered 
  her own. She had expected that Tina would have cleaned Jessica up and prepared 
  her. Instead, Jessica had to do so herself. This was no way for a slave to see 
  another behave! 

 After Jessica had indicated that she was ready, Janet led her into her bedroom 
  and indicated that she should kneel on the floor. Janet then locked her collar 
  to a chain connected to the ringbolt set in the wall. 

 Janet then placed her foot on a chair and first removed one of her high-heeled 
  shoes, then the other. The she unzipped the leather bodysuit, and gently pulled 
  the leather off, since it had conformed to the contours of her body. Now standing 
  only in her sheer pantyhose, she stripped them off slowly. 

 Janet went into the bathroom, and freshened herself. She still had a faint 
  aroma of the leather that she had worn for so long, and it clung to her like 
  a perfume. 

 Emerging naked, she removed a riding crop from the dresser drawer, and sat 
  down on the side where she had chained Jessica. Janet opened her legs, and held 
  the crop in her two hands. 

 "Service me, Jessica," ordered Janet, "or the crop awaits." 

 Jessica promptly buried her face between Janet's legs, and Janet responded 
  by opening her legs even more to accommodate the slave's ministrations. Janet 
  was surprised how eagerly Jessica meant to please her, as her labia and clit 
  were sucked and tongued by Jessica. 

 Janet tried to contain herself, but she was happy about everything, except 
  for Tina's sulk, that had happened tonight. She had enlisted her slave as an 
  ally, and had whipped her into a sexual frenzy. Now she was enjoying the fruits 
  of her labors as her devoted slave was satisfying her in return! 

 Janet moaned with pleasure as she first orgasm hit her, wondering just how 
  Jessica had learned to satisfy another woman like that. She had not asked her 
  about her sexual experiences, which was something that she was supposed to do 
  before it got this far with a slave. 

 It was evident that Jessica was already experienced in this matter, and needed 
  no additional training in how to satisfy her Mistress! Janet cried with pleasure 
  as she dragged her slave into her bed, and attacked her all night. The next 
  day, the sheets were a mess! 

* * * * 

The weather was warm outside the Stone Bank as Janet drove up in her Toyota. 
  She had worn a blouse with long sleeves and a denim skirt, plus a pair of normal 
  high heels. She looked at her watch and fretted. Would Jessica really show up? 
  Janet wished she had a cigarette, but she had quit years ago. 

 Jessica Danvers shortly drove up in a new blue Lincoln. She was dressed in 
  a smart business suit, and carried a purse and a briefcase. 

 "Good morning," greeted Janet. 

 "Good morning, Mistress," greeted Jessica. 

 "Thank you for coming," said Janet. 

 "I'm your devoted slave," said Jessica, "now can we begin?" 

 "Yes, of course." 

 They entered the bank and the safe deposit area. Janet withdrew her box, and 
  they repaired to the little locked alcove to examine its contents. 

 "Here's the current holdings," said Janet as she passed the list to Jessica. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," said Jessica softly. 

 Jessica looked at the list, reading over the individual stocks and the amounts 
  that Janet possessed and their monetary value at the date of the latest statement. 

 "This must be increased by a certain date. Is that correct?" asked Jessica, 
  "Mistress?" 

 "Yes. But I can't tell you why." 

 "How long do you have left, Mistress?" 

 "Less than three months," said Janet. 

 "Then we'll just have to find better stocks for you to buy, that's all, Mistress," 
  said Jessica, "I noticed an investment counter outside. Mind if I get us some 
  help?" 

 "Go ahead," ordered Janet. 

 Jessica opened the folding door, and motioned for the clerk. She asked for 
  the person at the counter to join them immediately. The clerk made a call, and 
  the person from the investment counter virtually ran to see them. 

 "I need a complete price history on this portfolio of every stock for the 
  last ten years, plus P/E ratios and any corporate news, good or bad, in the 
  last year," ordered Jessica. 

 "When would you like this?" asked the woman. 

 "Yesterday," stated Jessica. 

 The woman almost ran away from them to get back to her counter, the list firmly 
  clutched in her hand. 

 "You didn't tell her your name," said Janet. 

 "I don't have to. In Greenwich, everyone already knows me, Mistress." 

 Janet realized that she may have held the power of the whip in her House, 
  but here Jessica held the power of the purse. 

 In minutes, the woman returned with a stack of laser printouts that were still 
  warm to the touch. Jessica grabbed them, and opened a cellular phone from her 
  purse. 

 "Time to get to work, Mistress," said Jessica as she punched in some numbers. 

 In all, they spent almost an hour in the bank together. Nobody bothered them 
  in the cubicle, and twice Jessica asked to use the bank's phone. Janet was amazed 
  that they let her make two long distance calls without protest. 

 When they finally left, Janet had a list of stocks to buy and sell, and a 
  great feeling of confidence for the first time since this nightmare had begun. 

 "I'm impressed at the way they treated you there. Nobody asked your name, 
  and you had the run of the bank's services. Your name must really carry a lot 
  of weight in Greenwich," said Janet. 

 "More than that, Mistress," began Jessica, "did I mention that I was the largest 
  stockholder in Stone bank?" 

 Janet had to calm herself down before she drove to her broker with the new 
  list. Jessica was a type A driven personality, a ruthless businesswoman who 
  controlled vast wealth. Yet she found sexual fulfillment by submitting herself 
  to a Mistress that kept her naked and in chains, doing the work of a domestic! 

* * * * 

Tiffany and Janet sat together in the library, with Tiffany poring over Erica's 
  book of slaves. She leafed through the pages, seeing each girl's file and other 
  information. 

 "It's just a pity that we didn't find it sooner," said Tiffany. 

 "Erica was rather clever about the way she hid it. You would think that she 
  deliberately wanted us to wait nearly a year before we discovered it," ventured 
  Janet. 

 "There you go again. Anyway, now that we've finally got the book, I'm going 
  to see if I can find if any of these will serve me," said Tiffany. 

 "You mean us, don't you," added Janet. 

 "Not for long." 

 "Whatever happened to that girl you were using, Denise?" asked Janet. 

 "She couldn't stand up the rigors of being a slave," answered Tiffany. 

 "Perhaps you were treating her too harshly at first," criticized Janet. 

 "Bitch." 

 "Thanks, Tiffany. That's the nicest thing that anyone's said to me lately. 
  I'm going for a walk outside. Please tell me if Lauren is coming over so I can 
  hide the silverware. Bye." 

 Janet walked outside the library, closing the outside door before Tiffany, 
  already angry, could throw something. There was something different about her 
  now, and the earlier confidence and arrogance had vanished. Instead, she acted 
  impatiently and often impulsively. Just to annoy her, Janet had taken to watching 
  the nightly financial news after the market closed. 

 The garden was about the only restful place on the estate. With an angry Tiffany 
  and a jealous Tina, Janet felt pressured from all sides. At least there was 
  no pressure from Jessica and Stephanie. Jessica had proven to be both a joy 
  as a slave and an efficient financial advisor. Her portfolio had grown, and 
  everything was doing well. 

 But at the same time, Tina had steadily grown jealous of the attention that 
  Janet had been showing towards Jessica. From that day when she had been asked 
  to leave the Dungeon so that Janet could discuss her needs in private with Jessica, 
  Tina had become progressively harder to handle. 

 Walking in the garden made her realize that she had been neglecting Tina, 
  when the girl actually wanted was both the attention and the lash of her Mistress. 
  She had seen the look of envy on Tina's face towards Jessica when they were 
  forced to work together in the house. 

 Janet did not have anything planned for tonight. An earlier engagement had 
  collapsed, leaving her with an opening for this evening. 

 "Well, Tina, you wanted the attention of your Mistress," she said aloud to 
  herself, "you've got it." 

 Janet remembered an old saying that her parents had taught her: be careful 
  what you wish for, you might get it! 

 Dinner that night was a cold affair, at least in the beginning. Tiffany and 
  Janet had dined together, and much to Janet's surprise, suddenly took an active 
  interest in the running of the House. It was actually nice to talk to Tiffany, 
  just like old times before Erica's legacy had actually divided them. 

 Janet wondered what reason if any to use when she would drag Tina down to 
  the Dungeon. What Tina required was something more that just a few strokes with 
  the riding crop. No, this demanded something a little more intense that would 
  serve to remind Tina that she belonged to Janet and would have to obey her orders. 

 When Tina rolled in a trolley containing coffee and cake into the library 
  Janet knew that it was now time to start the action with her maid. 

 Tiffany was seated in a chair, idly using the remote control to flip through 
  the channels on the television. 

 "Come here, Tina," ordered Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," replied Tina. 

 Tina stood in silence in front of Janet, awaiting her next command. 

 "Raise your uniform," coldly ordered Janet. 

 Tina pulled the hem of her uniform upwards, to expose her bare behind. Janet 
  noticed that she did not have any recent marks on her. Had she really been neglecting 
  Tina that much? No wonder Tina was feeling jealous! 

 "Over my knee," ordered Janet. 

 Tiffany had lost interest in the television, preferring to watch as Janet 
  prepared to discipline Tina. She clicked the remote off, and decided to stay. 
  Since Tina was off limits to her, that was all she could do. 

 Tina lay on Janet's knees, her upraised naked pink bottom ready for punishment. 
  Janet loved the feeling of power and control that she had over Tina, and she 
  was sorry that she had been neglecting her. Janet resolved that once this was 
  all over, she would devote more time to Tina. Providing that she was the victor, 
  of course. 

 "Would you like a paddle or crop?" asked Tiffany. 

 "No thank you, Tiffany. The flat of my hand will be quite sufficient," answered 
  Janet. 

 Janet began to spank Tina with a steady series of blows that made her bottom 
  bounce with every impact. She wanted this spanking to merely be a prelude for 
  later events in the evening. 

 Tina's behind soon became red, and this immensely aroused Janet. Janet felt 
  the heat of Tina's punished skin as she continued the spanking. Janet knew that 
  the spanking had immensely aroused Tina, but she only wanted to take it so far. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," cried Tina when Janet ceased suddenly. 

 "You may get up now, and serve us coffee," ordered Janet. 

 Tina stood up from Janet's knees, and pulled down the hem of her rubber outfit. 
  The she proceeded to serve both Janet and Tiffany as if nothing had happened. 

 Janet noted that Tina seemed a little more attentive, a little more eager 
  to please than she had been in several weeks. She resolved to keep a crop nearby 
  to give Tina the occasional stroke to remind her of her place in the House. 

 "Had some fun?" asked Tiffany. 

 "I believe that I've been neglecting her lately. That will change," said Janet. 

 "Good," agreed Tiffany. 

 When Tina had finished doing the dishes, she was startled to find Janet waiting 
  silently behind her. 

 "Mistress!" cried Tina, "I didn't know you were there." 

 "Perhaps you should be more attentive next time," answered Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "I want to see you downstairs in the Dungeon tonight at 9 PM, naked and waiting 
  for me on the carpet. Do you understand?" 

 "Yes, Mistress," replied Tina. 

 "You've been a bad girl lately, and don't think I haven't noticed. It's time 
  that I started to correct your behavior," stated Janet. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," Tina answered. 

 "Good," said Janet as she departed. 

 Janet decided to wear the rubber dress that she had bought on her city trip, 
  months ago. Janet pulled it on, and zipped herself up in the mirror. True, it 
  would be hot and sweaty inside. But that would only make her more driven to 
  put Tina in her place. 

 "You look very nice," offered Tiffany. 

 "Thank you," replied Janet, "are you going out tonight?" 

 "No, I was planning on staying in. I see that you're already dressed for the 
  evening." 

 "Yes." 

 "I won't join you in the Dungeon. After all, two's company, and three's a 
  crowd," said Tiffany. 

 "Thank you," answered Janet. 

 "Have a nice time," said Tiffany, "I'm going to have a bath." 

 "Enjoy yourself," replied Tiffany as she walked towards her own bedroom. 

 Janet could not contain her desire by the time that she entered the Dungeon. 
  On the small circular carpet was Tina, naked and kneeling. Her hands rested 
  on her opened knees, and Janet could see that Tina had been expecting her. 

 "Good evening, Tina," greeted Janet. 

 "Good evening, Mistress," said Tina in return. 

 "I've been very disappointed in you lately, Tina. Ever since Jessica has come 
  into this house, you've been jealous of her. Though to your credit, you haven't 
  abused your privilege with her by unnecessarily using the crop. That has to 
  stop, and stop now!" 

 "Yes, Mistress Janet." 

 Because of that, I'm going to have to give you a little punishment that you'll 
  never forget, so that you'll remember that you are one of my slaves also." 

 "Yes, Mistress, please?" 

 "Please what?" asked Janet. 

 "Punish me, Mistress." 

 "I want you to collar and bracelet yourself, since by the time we leave here, 
  your skin is going to be covered in stripes." 

 Tina rose and opened the cabinet where she had stored the things that Janet 
  had mentioned. In a few moments, she had locked then upon herself, as Janet 
  had ordered, and was again kneeling on the carpet. 

 "Hold out your hands," Janet ordered. 

 Tina did so, and Janet locked the wrist cuffs together. Then she pulled Tina 
  to her feet, over to the waiting horse. This was a different one than the padded 
  one that she usually used. This one was quite sturdy, made of solid wood in 
  the shape of an A. In the center, sticking up from the polished dark wood, was 
  a rubber dildo. 

 "I want you to climb up onto the horse, and you know where to place the dildo," 
  ordered Janet. 

 Tina did as she was instructed, throwing her leg over the wooden surface while 
  she climbed up onto the horse. Her entire weight would be resting on her sex, 
  which would be impaled by the dildo. Tina raised herself up, then slowly lowered 
  herself upon the erect shaft. She moaned when it entered her sex, while she 
  seated herself on the horse. 

 "That's good, Tina," said Janet. 

 Janet locked Tina's wrists together behind her back, then locked her ankles 
  to chains on either side of the horse. Then she unlocked Tina's wrists in front, 
  then locked them again behind her back to a ceiling chain that hung nearby. 
  The chain was connected to a motor in the ceiling, so that when Janet activated 
  it, Tina was slowly pitched forward. This increased the weight on her sex, pushing 
  the dildo deeper within her. 

 "Ooooh!" Tina cried. 

 Janet then removed a crop from the cabinet, flexing it with her two hands. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," said Tina 

 "Thank me afterwards, when your skin is red and pained," cautioned Janet. 

 Janet began to strike Tina with the crop, the small tip at its end leaving 
  a small red mark wherever it landed. Tina, held fast on the horse, could only 
  moan whenever the crop struck her. 

 She next struck at the outside of Tina's legs at first. Then she gradually 
  moved upwards, striking Tina's breasts. Each stoke left a red mark, and made 
  her breasts bounce a little, and Janet found that very attractive. 

 Bound as she was, Janet did not want to strike Tina so hard that she might 
  lose her balance. Rather Janet wanted Tina to remain on the horse, with her 
  sex invaded by the dildo. 

 Janet did not have to check if Tina was wet. That was obvious by the way she 
  moaned when the crop struck her flesh. Tina was now being properly punished 
  for the first time in months, and Janet realized the mistakes that she had made! 

 "Enough," stated Janet, once she was satisfied that Tina was now ready for 
  her next ordeal. 

 Janet placed the crop under her arm as she unlocked Tina from the horse. Perhaps 
  she should have used the horse last, rather than as the first item of punishment. 
  Regardless, when Tina dismounted the horse, her flesh was already marked nicely. 

 The dildo was wet, and reflected the Dungeon lights. Janet had prepared for 
  this, and had brought a small basin of water and a wash cloth with her. 

 "Tina, clean yourself, but you are not allowed to cum!" ordered Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress, ohhhh!" cried Tina when she placed her hand into the water. 

 As a further vexation, Janet had filled the basin with ice cubes and water, 
  so that it was quite cold. Janet knew that this would put out the fires in Tina's 
  loins quite fast! 

 Tina cleaned herself without protest, and Janet roughly inspected her to make 
  certain that she had done a good job. Her cunt was clean of her juices, and 
  the skin was cold to the touch. Tina moaned when the warm fingers of her Mistress 
  probed her sex. 

 "Very good, slave," said Janet approvingly. 

 "Thank you, Mistress." 

 "And now the whip," stated Janet. 

 Tina stood unemotionally as Janet secured her wrists and ankles to spreader 
  bars that would make her vulnerable to discipline. Her bare feet were standing 
  on the stone floor, as Janet had not ordered her to wear shoes this evening. 

 "I do love you," said Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Tina. 

 Then Janet struck with the whip, stroke after stroke landing on Tina's already 
  punished skin. Janet did not even try to direct the whip, letting it fall wherever 
  it would. Instead, she wanted it to leave stripe after stripe on Tina's figure. 

 The whip wrapped itself around Tina's curves, and Janet remembered that she 
  had not whipped Tina so hard for quite some time. Just for effect, she cracked 
  the whip against empty air, like some western movie. But she would always return 
  to using the whip on Tina, making her moan and cry within her bonds. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," cried Tina when Janet temporarily stopped. 

 "You're welcome," said Janet. 

 Janet removed a small metal box from the cabinet. She walked over to Tina, 
  and opened the box for her slave to see inside. Tina moaned when she saw the 
  contents. 

 "Clamps," said Janet. 

 Janet first applied one to Tina's right nipple, making her moan. When the 
  other was fixed onto her, Tina moaned again. Janet then applied two more, onto 
  the outer lips of her sex. Tina reacted violently, shaking her chains in protest. 

 To further test her, Janet then inserted two of her fingers inside Tina's 
  slit. The girl was wet again, just like she had been on the horse! 

 "You're a real bondage slut," said Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," agreed Tina, "I'm a bondage slut." 

 "What do sluts like you deserve?" asked Janet. 

 "To be whipped, Mistress," cried Tina in response. 

 "Very well," said Janet as she again picked up the whip. 

 The experience of being whipped while the clips upon her breasts and sex drove 
  Tina to even greater heights of agony. Every time that the whip struck her flesh, 
  Tina moaned with both agony and ecstasy at the same time. 

 Janet continued, carefully counting the strokes, never hitting hard enough 
  to break the skin. Pausing to touch Tina's skin, she found that the whip warmed 
  her slave's skin. Janet carefully counted each series of strokes, wondering 
  when Tina would use up her capacity to absorb discipline. 

 Tina would long carry reminders of this night on her skin and hopefully in 
  her soul, thought Janet. 

 Just before Janet was going to stop anyway, Tina suddenly cried out. 

 "Mercy, Mistress, please, mercy!" sobbed Tina. 

 Tears ran down Tina's cheeks, streaking her makeup. Her body was thoroughly 
  covered by a fine tracery of welts that the whip had left behind. 

 "Very good, Tina. Now you may kiss the whip," ordered Janet. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," said Tina as she carried out Janet's orders. Her lips 
  embraced the whip handle as even as tears continued to flow from the corners 
  of her eyes. 

 "I don't want to have any further trouble with you, nor do I want you to be 
  jealous of Jessica. Do you understand? Or I shall be forced to use more extreme 
  measures," threatened Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," cried Tina. 

 Janet then took Tina upstairs, and let her clean herself properly. Then she 
  took her into her bedroom, and used her violently for the rest of the night. 
  There was a riding crop on the night table, and Janet did not hesitate to use 
  it whenever she felt that Tina was not being wholly attentive to her. 

 Finally, she fell into a satisfied sleep, with her slave girl on the bed next 
  to her, her collar chained to the wall as usual. 

* * * *

 "The most recent choices have done well, Mistress," said Jessica. 

 From the small safe deposit cubicle, Janet and Jessica had moved to the banks 
  meeting room. On the table was a pot of hot coffee and croissants, and the papers 
  were organized into neat rows. 

 Janet rubbed her eyes, hoping that she was ahead of Tiffany. There wasn't 
  much time left, just two weeks till the anniversary of Erica's death. 

 "Thank you, Jessica. This just has to run its course," said Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Jessica. 

 "Could I be left alone here for a while before we, before I," Janet corrected 
  herself, "deliver the final orders to the broker." 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Jessica as she left her seat and closed the door 
  behind her. 

 Janet fled into the bathroom, and closed the door behind her, just in time 
  for a torrent of tears. 

 "Why, Erica, why?" cried Janet to herself. 

 The End of Chapter Eleven 




Janet in Training
Chapter Twelve: Two Days Till Doom

 The entire world had shrunk to the confines of the library. Janet sat behind 
  the desk, a pitcher of coffee in front of her, a pile of Journals there as well. 
  The television set was tuned to the financial channel, and Janet watched dumbly 
  as the ticker scrolled across the screen. 

 'I've lost,' Janet thought to herself, 'it's the end.' 

 Now there was nothing to do except watch the clock tick away her last few 
  remaining hours of freedom until the meeting with Blanca in Manhattan, which 
  would decide who would inherit Erica's estate. 

 Just a few days ago, Tiffany and Lauren had visited the house together. Tiffany 
  had dropped enough hints that she was ahead, that Janet would be the loser. 
  Janet remembered the horrible way that Lauren had looked at her, and it had 
  chilled her blood. 

 Had all of this happened to her in just two years? Slave, Mistress, and now 
  slave again? 

 "Janet?" called Stephanie as she opened the library door and burst inside, 
  followed by Tina. 

 "In here," Janet answered, too tired to even stand up. 

 "What the hell is going on?" asked Stephanie. 

 "I didn't call you over here," recalled Janet, "what are you here for, Stephanie?" 

 "You didn't call me. Tina did," answered Stephanie. 

 Stephanie rushed over to Janet, and placed her medical bag on the desk before 
  she peered in her eyes, felt her pulse. She frowned in response. 

 "Tina, how long since Janet has slept?" 

 "Three, four days, Mistress." 

 "Is this Mistress Tiffany's doing?" demanded Stephanie. 

 "No, Mistress," Tina answered. "How has she kept herself awake?" 

 "With pills and coffee, Mistress." 

 "Has she had any stimulants in the last eight hours?" 

 "No, Mistress." 

 "Good." 

 Stephanie had ceased to carry her medical bag over the years since she had 
  stopped practicing, but ever since the two incidents at Janet's house, she would 
  always take it with her. She opened the bag, and withdrew a hypodermic needle 
  and a vial of liquid. Stephanie then upended the vial, and filled the syringe, 
  with Janet watching, not comprehending what Stephanie was doing. 

 "Is Mistress Tiffany around?" asked Stephanie. 

 "No, Mistress. She will return tomorrow morning," answered Tina. 

 "What are you watching, Janet?" asked Stephanie. 

 "Doomsday." 

 Stephanie suddenly swabbed Janet's arm with an alcohol patch and then injected 
  her with the needle. Janet was so weak, she didn't even attempt to resist. 

 "What the?" asked Janet. 

 "Nighty night," answered Stephanie. 

 Janet was swallowed up by a sudden tide of darkness, and peace for the first 
  time in days. Her head slumped to the desk, and the world receded from view. 

* * * * 

When Janet awoke, she found that she was in one of the first floor bedrooms. 
  The same one that she and Stephanie had carried Tina to, that horrible night 
  when she had been left alone in the cell by Tiffany. 

 "Good evening," greeted Stephanie. 

 "What did you do?" asked Janet. 

 "You needed sleep, Janet. You were exhausted, so I knocked you out for a few 
  hours. Do you feel better?" 

 "Yes, thank you." 

 Janet rubbed her eyes, and saw the contents of her purse lying on the dresser, 
  next to the binder where she had catalogued all of Erica's documents, one year 
  ago! Including the cell phone that had saved her life six months earlier. 

 "You know, don't you?" accused Janet. 

 "Yes, after we put you to bed, I went through your purse and I found these 
  papers," indicated Stephanie. 

 "I must have forgotten to remove them when I saw Blanca three months ago," 
  said Janet. 

 "Then I found Erica's book in the desk. Very interesting reading. I never 
  knew that Erica could be so devious," observed Stephanie. 

 Janet was relaxed, and finally at peace for the first time in days. She could 
  talk to her closest friend, and finally explain what she had been subject to 
  for all this time. 

 "In two days," Janet began, "a limo will arrive in the morning to take Tiffany 
  and myself to Blanca's office. She will read the codicil to Erica's will, which 
  will say that the winner of the stock market contest will inherit Erica's estate. 
  Which will include the loser, who will become the victor's slave." 

 "Why didn't you tell me?" demanded Stephanie, "now that I know what all this 
  has really been about." 

 "Because if you would have read the documents fully, you would have found 
  that I had to keep it a secret. That's why I've been under such a strain, Stephanie. 
  Because I couldn't tell you, or anyone," answered Janet. 

 "I'm sorry, Janet. I didn't understand the pressure that you were under. I'm 
  amazed that you haven't broken under the strain until now," observed Stephanie. 

 "Maybe I finally did," Janet answered, "Tina?" 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Could you get me a drink, please?" asked Janet, stirring under the sheets. 

 "Icewater, Tina," Stephanie ordered, "no stimulants of any kind." 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Janet waited in silence until Tine returned from the kitchen with a pitcher 
  full of icewater. She poured a large glass for Janet, who first propped herself 
  up in bed, resting on two pillows. Janet's mind was clear, her body partially 
  rested. Now she had to do something that would be very difficult. 

 "Leave us, Tina," ordered Janet. 

 "Mistress, please, I want to stay with you," begged Tina. 

 "Does she know?" demanded Janet. 

 "I didn't read all of those documents myself," Stephanie answered. 

 Janet exhaled, and tried to decide what to do next. 

 "All right, Tina, stay. Because now Stephanie and I have to discuss your future, 
  not mine," said Janet. 

 "Janet?" cried Tina, "what do you mean? 

 "If Tiffany wins tomorrow, then not only will I become her slave, but you 
  will be also. Tiffany associates with Mistress Lauren, who believes that the 
  only way to get total obedience from her slaves is to punish them past their 
  breaking point. You saw what she did to my back." 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "One of her slaves, a girl named Myra met me in Greenwich, and told me that 
  Tiffany was being advised by Lauren, and that she was ahead. Myra begged me 
  to buy her, crying in public. That's when I asked Jessica to help me as an investment 
  advisor, and not just a slave. She's been doing so for the last three months." 

 "Is that why you ordered me out of the Dungeon, Mistress?" asked Tina. 

 "Yes." 

 "I'm sorry. I didn't know, I was just jealous," cried Tina. 

 "If I lose, and I don't really know who may be ahead, then you'll be Tiffany's 
  slave. I can't let you become the property of a dangerous and cruel Mistress 
  like what Tiffany has become. I can accept my own bondage, but not yours. Therefore, 
  I release you Tina, long before your contract to me expires," calmly explained 
  Janet. 

 "No," cried Tina, "I want to stay with you always, no matter what." 

 "No, you stupid fool. I release you and all your obligations to me. If you 
  won't leave, Tina, then I give you to Stephanie. She will be a far better Mistress 
  to you than Tiffany or Lauren," ordered Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," tearfully answered Tina. 

 "Tonight, both you and Stephanie must leave, so that I can spend tomorrow 
  alone with Tiffany. Just as we started one year ago. The next day we shall go 
  to New York, and then we shall know who will be the Mistress in this house," 
  lectured Janet. 

 "You've become a far better Mistress than Erica could ever have imagined," 
  answered Stephanie. 

 "That's just exactly why I have to release Tina. You don't deserve a Mistress 
  like Tiffany, and especially Lauren," said Janet. 

 "I don't want to leave you, Mistress," cried Tina. 

 "You saw what happened to my back, and the scars that I still have? Do you 
  want to be a slave to a Mistress that can inflict that kind of punishment, Tina? 
  I don't think so. So go, both of you. I came into this thing alone, and that's 
  the way I'll have to face it in thirty-six hours," said Janet. 

 "You shouldn't be here alone with Tiffany," cautioned Stephanie. 

 "Why? She wouldn't hurt me now. She's just a few hours from possibly getting 
  exactly what she wants, namely the House and me. If she did something now, it 
  would endanger that chance. Everything is now out of our control, and in the 
  hands of the gods," added Janet. 

 Stephanie and Tina both sat on Janet's bed, staring at her. 

 "Now go, damn it! Both of you! One year ago, Tiffany and I started in Erica's 
  house alone, and that's the way we're going to finish. Whatever happens in Blanca's 
  office is our respective fate." 

 "If you win, Mistress Janet, I'll be back," said Tina, tears in her eyes. 

 "Keep your fingers crossed, both of you," ordered Janet, "because hope is 
  the only thing that I've got left." 

 After they had both departed, Janet allowed herself a single small sherry. 
  She tried to relax on an easy chair back in the library, wishing that she had 
  not sent Stephanie and Tina away after all. 

 On the footstool was the newspaper, which she had not read for days, even 
  though Tina faithfully put it on her desk each morning. Janet opened it, hoping 
  that it would get her mind off her situation. A red advertising insert fell 
  out, and Janet had to pick it up from the floor. On the cover was a sale of 
  board games, including Conquest. 

 "Oh, god!" screamed Janet, her voice echoing through the house. 

 Suddenly, everything returned in a flash of memories. Erica's death, Janet 
  with Tiffany in her apartment. Knocking over Conquest in the closet, then Janet 
  bragging how good a player she was when they picked up all the pieces off the 
  floor. Six months later at Lauren's house, her little "game" of Conquest to 
  decide who would use the slave. 

 Myra, already used past her safeword. Lauren wanting to continue, and Janet 
  taking Myra's place. Whipped nearly to death, then the horrible drive home, 
  and the painful recovery. 

 "I was set up," sobbed Janet in the empty house, "Tiffany wanted me to die, 
  with Lauren's help." 

 Her night was mostly sleepless, filled with nightmares of death and suffering. 

* * * * 

 Janet spent most of the next day waiting for Tiffany. Incredibly, her companion 
  did not return until shortly before dinner. 

 "Greetings," said Janet as Tiffany entered the foyer. 

 "Hello. Where's Tina?" 

 "Gone. You can put your jacket in the closet yourself," directed Janet. 

 "Where is she?" asked Tiffany as she hung her jacket in the closet. 

 "I released her from my service, and gave her to Stephanie," Janet answered. 

 "Why did you do that?" asked Tiffany. 

 They were both interrupted by the sound of a bell from the kitchen. 

 "Dinner is served," said Janet. 

 It wasn't until they were both seated at the table before a roast beef that 
  they could continue talking. Tiffany had helped Janet bring everything to the 
  table, and did not question her further until the dinner was on the table. 

 "Why such a grand meal?" asked Tiffany as she sipped at a red wine. 

 "Last meal, and all that," answered Janet, "one year ago, you called me to 
  your apartment and cooked dinner after Erica's death. Now it's my turn." 

 "Thank you," said Tiffany as she speared a piece of meat and placed it into 
  her mouth. 

 "I thought that we should have one final dinner, together alone by ourselves. 
  I hope that you haven't asked someone to join you here tonight," said Janet. 

 "No. I wasn't sure just what I'd find here, so I came alone," Tiffany answered. 

 "Good." 

 "Why did you send Tina away?" asked Tiffany. 

 "Because I didn't want her to fall into your hands or Lauren's, that's why. 
  She doesn't deserve to have a cruel Mistress like you've become," stated Janet. 

 "I'm sorry. I'm sorry for everything, from that first night we inherited the 
  estate to today." 

 "Tiffany, we have to take responsibility for our actions. Your being sorry 
  doesn't absolve you from the scars on my back or placing Tina in danger either. 
  That's what being a Mistress is all about, not just using slaves for our own 
  sexual gratification," lectured Janet. 

 "I guess you're right," Tiffany answered. 

 "No, you know I'm right," said Janet, "now let's finish eating, do the dishes, 
  and get some sleep. I'm exhausted, and I want to have a clear head tomorrow." 

 Somehow, Janet had expected that Tiffany would join her in her bedroom that 
  evening. Instead, she remained alone, listening to the sounds of the night. 
  She placed her arm behind her back, feeling the scars that Lauren had placed 
  there. In her dreams, she wondered if others would soon join them. 

 The next morning, Janet took a hot steaming shower, almost at sauna temperature. 
  She had seen home saunas, and had whistled at the price. Janet resolved that 
  if she should win, she would spend the five figures and have one installed in 
  the house. 

 The hot water washed away the fatigue, and made her sweat away the tensions 
  that had developed in her body for several weeks. Finally, she knew that this 
  little respite had to end, so she stopped the water, and exited the tub. She 
  toweled herself off, and decided that now wasn't the time to give her an orgasm. 
  No, it was time to be serious. 

 After her shower, Janet walked to the bedroom to dry herself off. When she 
  removed the short terry kimono robe, she saw the scars on her back reflected 
  in the mirror. The stigmata of her encounter with Lauren. It seemed incredible 
  that she had been nearly been beaten to death and survived the nightmare. 

 Janet dressed, and chose a conservative business suit, one that she had worn 
  to work before. She set her hair, wishing that she had Tina's help this morning. 
  Still, she had done it all of her life before she had a servant, so why should 
  she become a helpless fool now? 

 When she entered the kitchen, Janet was surprised to find that Tiffany had 
  chosen to wear a suit also, except that Janet's was blue and Tiffany's was black. 
  They looked alike. 

 "I ordered out for croissants," said Tiffany, "I didn't think that a heavy 
  breakfast would be such a good idea." 

 "Thanks." 

 They ate a simple breakfast of juice, black coffee and croissants in the kitchen, 
  like two high powered female executives on the go. They both stared at the clock, 
  watching the time tick away towards 9 AM. 

 Tiffany stowed the dishes in the sink, just before the limo arrived. They 
  both carried leather briefcases and Janet reflected that hers had been a gift 
  from her firm for good service. She looked at the battered black leather as 
  she placed hers by her feet. 

 They were driven into the city on time, after rush hour had ended. The large 
  Cadillac had been expanded to contain a TV and bar, and could seat several on 
  leather upholstery. Instead, it was used just to transport the two women to 
  Blanca's office. 

 "Thank you," said Janet as the exited the limo. 

 "I've been told to wait to take you back to Connecticut," said the female 
  chauffeur. 

 "Thank you," said Tiffany, also. 

 They rode the elevator up in silence, and were ushered in Blanca's office, 
  each taking a seat. Blanca hadn't arrived yet, though it was already 10 AM. 
  Janet fidgeted uneasily in her seat, the tension building up her. 

 "Good morning, ladies," greeted Blanca when she entered her office. 

 "Good morning," both Janet and Tiffany said in unison. 

 "Coffee?" 

 They both nodded. 

 "Three black coffees, please," ordered Blanca after she pressed the intercom 
  switch. 

 Her secretary shortly dropped off a tray containing three cups, and placed 
  in on Blanca's desk. Janet now noted a wedding ring on the third finger of her 
  left hand. 

 "Georgie, please make sure that we're not disturbed, period. Short of one 
  of the senior partners calling, I'd like to be left alone with these two clients," 
  Blanca ordered. 

 She then departed, closing the door behind her. The atmosphere in the room 
  was electric, and both Janet and Tiffany were seated like statues. Blanca passed 
  around the coffee cups, and took a seat in her leather chair. 

 "I've known Erica Riken a long time," began Blanca, "as a good friend, a Dominant, 
  and a client. It was Erica's wish that if she should die, a competition was 
  to be held between two of her slaves to decide who would inherit the estate. 
  And the loser would become the victor's slave." 

 "We know all that already, just get on with it," interrupted Tiffany. 

 Blanca then removed four envelopes from her briefcase, displaying them to 
  her two clients. 

 "This is the codicil to Erica's will, and three identical statements from 
  the brokers you were ordered to use. Even I don't know the contents, as Erica 
  had instructed the information to be collected and sealed before I picked up 
  the envelopes this morning. Which is why I'm late." 

 Blanca tore open one of the envelopes, and proceeded to read its contents: 

 "I, Erica Riken, being of sound mind and body, do reaffirm the conditions 
  that I specified in document 423 for a competition between my heirs Janet Davis 
  and Tiffany Gray. Whoever has the greater value in their portfolio shall be 
  the sole inheritor of my estate, and all my possessions. Signed Erica Riken." 

 "Would you like to see it?" asked Blanca. 

 "No, that won't be necessary," said Janet softly, "please proceed." 

 Blanca then handed out identical manila envelopes to both Tiffany and Janet, 
  and all three occupants of the office sat, staring at each other. 

 Tiffany tore open hers, and that was the signal for Blanca and Janet to open 
  theirs. Inside were two reports, with a cover sheet, and a complete listing 
  of their portfolio, containing every transaction that they had made over the 
  previous year. All three leafed through the reports, finally coming to the last 
  page. 

 "NO!" cried Tiffany, "NO! I was ahead. Far ahead!" sobbed Tiffany as tears 
  fell from her eyes. 

 "You were," said Blanca, "Except that you got greedy. That diamond necklace 
  you bought placed you thousands of dollars behind when the market went down. 
  Then you gambled with those futures contracts. But those futures contracts you 
  bought two weeks ago put you under when they went bad, placing you just five 
  thousand dollars behind Janet." 

 "No," cried Tiffany. 

 "I therefore award the entire estate, and one slave, Tiffany Gray to Mistress 
  Janet Davis, who has fulfilled the conditions as specified by the late Erica 
  Riken," said Blanca. 

 Janet relaxed in her chair, the months of tension and pain finally leaving 
  her. She sighed, happy that Tiffany's vanity and greed had lifted the Sword 
  of Damocles that hung above her. 

 "Do you have a bathroom?" cried Tiffany. 

 Blanca pointed to a door, and Tiffany ran inside. They could both hear the 
  sounds of retching from within. 

 "That doesn't happen often in a lawyer's office," pointed out Blanca, "only 
  with the big cases." 

 "Thank you, Blanca," said Janet. 

 "Do you want to retain me as your lawyer?" asked Blanca. 

 "Of course," said Janet, "that will be perfectly satisfactory." 

 Once Tiffany had finished, she returned to her chair in silence. Her eyes 
  were downcast, her makeup smudged. Her body had the posture of a defeated slave. 

 "If that's everything, I do have a busy caseload today," said Blanca. 

 "Thank you," said Janet as she stowed away the papers in her briefcase. 

 Janet rose and shook Blanca's hand. 

 "Come, slave," Janet said to Tiffany, "time to go home." 

 During the ride back, Janet read the reports, finding that Tiffany indeed 
  had been doing better all along. But when Tiffany had bought the necklace it 
  had placed her behind Janet's total. It was only after that she had started 
  to use Jessica for her advisor did her portfolio improve for the better. 

 Tiffany sat in stunned silence, a dazed expression on her face, her body wracked 
  by occasional spasms of tension. 

 When the limo exited the parkway, Janet asked the driver to stop off someplace 
  else before they reached home. Tiffany was surprised to hear Janet order them 
  to go to Lauren's House! 

 Entering by the gate, the limo pulled up in front of the door. Janet ordered 
  Tiffany out, and they walked up the stairs. Janet told Tiffany that she wanted 
  her to walk in front of Janet. 

 "Tiffany," greeted Lauren, "what a surprise." 

 "Yes, Lauren." 

 "I see that you've brought Janet. I told you that you'd win, and now Janet 
  is your slave to use. Good, I'm sure that she can hardly wait to continue where 
  I left off before," taunted Lauren. 

 "But I didn't win," cried Tiffany, "Janet did. By just five thousand dollars, 
  thanks to that gamble you told me to take!" 

 "It's all here in black and white," said Janet, "I won, and Tiffany here belongs 
  to me, not the other way round." 

 "Tiffany, I'm sorry," said Lauren. 

 "I should slap you for what you did to me," said Janet, "but I'm not going 
  to give you the satisfaction. I just hope that you will learn how to properly 
  use a slave girl, not just beat them into submission. Come, Tiffany." 

 In the car, Tiffany turned around and watched as Lauren's estate receded in 
  the rear view mirror. There were tears falling from her cheeks. 

 When they arrived back at Erica's, now Janet's House, Janet threw her case 
  on the library floor. She felt like she could fly! But there were other things 
  to do, first. 

 "Tiffany," ordered Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," quickly answered Tiffany. 

 "I want you naked, wearing nothing but collar, bracelets, and high heels. 
  Use the set that Erica had made for you, with your name on the leather collar," 
  Janet ordered. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Then I want you to report back here. And I want that little trinket that 
  you bought for yourself, that expensive diamond necklace. I have a particular 
  use in mind for it," ordered Janet. 

 Janet sat behind Erica's desk. No, now it was her desk. The desk, the estate, 
  everything now belonged fully to Janet Davis, former secretary from Queens. 
  But now she was Mistress of the house. Her house and estate. Janet wondered 
  if she should pinch herself in order to believe that she really had won and 
  that this wasn't some dream. 

 'I'll be a good Mistress, Erica,' Janet thought to herself, 'I'll treat my 
  slaves the way you treated me.' 

 The weight of memories, of what she had experienced in this house that was 
  now hers flashed through her mind. Pain and pleasure, submission to Mistress 
  Erica, Andrea, and Tiffany. Her use of Andrea and Tiffany. Stephanie's befriending 
  her and Tina's arrival. The discovery of the competition, her near fatal beating 
  by Lauren, and the recovery. Jessica's training, and her emotional depression 
  in the last few weeks. 

 "I've won," Janet said aloud to herself, "Mistress Janet Davis. Mistress Janet 
  Davis," she repeated to herself. 

 Janet poured herself a small sherry, and sat behind the desk. She allowed 
  herself the luxury of a drink, and she enjoyed the fiery taste of the liquor 
  as it slid down her throat. 

 'I still can't believe it,' Janet thought to herself, 'but I have to call 
  Stephanie.' 

 While Tiffany was preparing herself, Janet called Stephanie on the cell phone, 
  and she was overjoyed to hear the news. Stephanie offered to drive over instantly, 
  but Janet turned her down. 

 "Give me about three hours," said Janet, "there's a chore that I have to perform 
  first." 

 When Tiffany had returned to the library, she was outfitted as Janet had ordered, 
  and she was carrying the necklace also. Tiffany still looked dazed and shocked, 
  not knowing what would be expected of her next. 

 "How much is that necklace worth?" demanded Janet. 

 "Fifty thousand dollars," answered Tiffany. 

 "Had you not purchased the necklace, you still would have won," stated Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "I'm not ready yet to take you downstairs to the Dungeon and whip you till 
  you call for mercy. But I will start here," said Janet, "now get on the footstool, 
  slave." 

 Tiffany did as she was ordered, and lay quietly as Janet secured her elbows 
  and knees to the footstool. She cinched the coils tight with two strands that 
  went between Tiffany's limbs and the wood. Tiffany was now bound quite effectively 
  to the footstool. 

 After placing a ballgag in Tiffany's mouth, Janet made sure to roughly fondle 
  Tiffany. Janet pinched and pulled at Tiffany's breasts, and then fingered her 
  sex. Tiffany squealed under Janet's harsh attentions. Janet had not used her 
  since the time when she had nearly killed Tina. 

 "I hope that you can get used to the idea that I am now the Mistress in this 
  House," said Janet, "because I shall be a far better Mistress to you than either 
  you or Lauren would have been to me." 

 Tiffany merely grunted, her words muted by the ballgag. Janet saw the look 
  of fear in her eyes that were directed at her. 

 "In my time as a Mistress, I have always let the slave have her choice of 
  safeword. That was something I learned from Erica. However, I must choose for 
  you, given our paths to this point. Your safeword shall be mercy, since that 
  was denied me when your friend Lauren nearly beat me to death almost six months 
  ago. You will be spared the agony and suffering that that I endured. Remember 
  that every time I use you," coldly lectured Janet to her bound captive. 

 Even though she was still wearing the business suit, Janet placed the necklace 
  around her neck and closed the clasp. Janet admired herself in the mirror. 

 "Looks nice, Tiffany. Pity it had such a huge cost," said Janet, "but I've 
  never really had an interest in such things. Frankly, it still looks better 
  on you." 

 Janet removed the necklace and placed it around Tiffany's neck. The image 
  of her, naked and bound to the footstool, a leather collar around her neck while 
  wearing an expensive diamond necklace, was one of the strangest that Janet could 
  have ever devised! 

 "Tiffany, since you still wear the ring through your labia, I've decided that 
  I'll make a similar medallion to the one Erica made for you. Except that it 
  will read Tiffany, property of Mistress Janet. Just so that you will remember 
  who your Mistress is." 

 "Mmmmmph!" grunted Tiffany in response. 

 "I'm now going to begin to punish you with the gag in your mouth, so that 
  you will not have a chance to plead for mercy. I hope that will give you a small 
  example of how I felt when Lauren was beating me and I was unable to plead for 
  mercy, and my life." 

 Janet began, not with a paddle or crop, but just with her naked hand. After 
  all, she had all the time in the world. 

* * * * 

Three hours later, Stephanie arrived with Tina. Janet had finished with Tiffany, 
  and had locked her in the cell downstairs. Tiffany had taken her punishment 
  well, and her behind was a deep shade of red and the flesh was very warm to 
  the touch. Halfway through, Janet had removed her ballgag and given her the 
  opportunity to plead for mercy. Instead, Tiffany had stoically taken her first 
  session with Janet as her new Mistress quite well. It was evident that she would 
  have trouble accepting her new position as Janet's slave, and Janet would have 
  to deal with that problem later. 

 It was a joyful reunion, unlike their parting just two days earlier. Stephanie 
  folded her arms around Janet, and they danced together, planting kisses on each 
  other. Tina had knelt in front of Janet, tears in her eyes. 

 "I'm so happy for you Mistress," cried Tina, "I said that I'd be back." 

 "Thank you. Both of you," tearfully answered Janet. 

 Janet dragged them inside, and they split a bottle of wine that had been in 
  the refrigerator. A year's worth of tension was slowly being released. It didn't 
  matter that Tina was a slave, and Janet poured a glass for her and directed 
  her to sit in a chair, not kneel on the floor. Janet remembered waking up from 
  the fever, and the first person she had seen was Tina, tears in her eyes. 

 "Just to bring you two back to reality, just remember that Tina is my slave," 
  stated Stephanie, "but I'm sure that we can come to some kind of arrangement." 

 "I think that will be the first order of business in my proper position as 
  Mistress of this House," answered Janet. 

 Janet related the story of how they had gone to New York City, and Janet had 
  won. Then she told of their trip to Lauren's, and Janet was pleased in describing 
  the look of defeat on Lauren's face. Finally, she told of her punishment of 
  Tiffany, who was now locked downstairs in the cell. 

 "A good day," observed Stephanie. 

 "No, Mistress Stephanie. An excellent day!" said Tina, a smile across her 
  face. 

 "Thank you. Both of you," Janet answered, tears of joy in her eyes. 

 After Stephanie had departed, and Tina had been restored to Janet, they went 
  downstairs to the cell. Tiffany was resting, and she quickly rose to her feet 
  when she saw her Mistress outside the cell door. 

 "Kneel slave," ordered Janet as she unlocked the cell door. 

 Tiffany knelt, and Janet and Tina entered the cell. Tiffany waited and placed 
  her hands on her opened knees. 

 "Tina, this slave is for your use in maintaining the house. You may train 
  and use her as you see fit, but never abuse her or allow your use of her to 
  interfere with your chores. Do you understand?" asked Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," Tina answered. 

 "Good. Tiffany, do you understand also your position here, or do I have to 
  beat that into you?" demanded Janet. 

 "No, Mistress," tearfully answered Tiffany, "I'll obey Tina's orders as I 
  do yours." 

 "Good. Then maybe you've finally learned something," said Janet. 

 Janet lay alone in bed that night, still amazed at the day's events. It still 
  seemed like a miracle that she had won, that she was Mistress and Tiffany her 
  slave. In spite of knowing about the plot between Lauren and Tiffany, Janet 
  had held her tongue. Even though she had confronted Lauren, or when she had 
  Tiffany at her mercy, Janet had remained silent. 

 Nor had she told Stephanie or Tina, holding herself quiet, instead letting 
  the joy of the moment overtake the deadly knowledge of what she knew. 

 'I'm going to have to keep Tiffany constantly chained, or in the cell,' thought 
  Janet, 'until I can exchange her for Myra.' 

 Returning from a trip to the bathroom Janet found Tina kneeling naked at her 
  bedside on the wooden floor. 

 "May I join you, Mistress?" asked Tina, her hands behind her head, her body 
  on display. 

 "Yes, Tina. And thank you," answered Janet. 

 Later that evening, Janet got out of her bed to get some water. The two of 
  them had made love for hours, and now Tina was fast asleep, with soft snores 
  indicating her exhaustion. 

 Naked, Janet padded to the bathroom, and drank two glasses. When she returned 
  to the bedroom, she found Tina awake and looking at her. 

 "Mistress?" asked Tina, "can I get you something?" 

 "No thank you, Tina. Just wanted some water. Do you want a glass?" 

 "No, Mistress." 

 "Please call me Janet, at least for tonight." 

 "Yes.........Janet," Tina replied, unease evident in her voice. 

 "Tina, why did you stay with me?" asked Janet, "after you had been almost 
  hurt by Tiffany, you could have left. Found another Mistress to serve, since 
  I had broken my contract and let harm come to you. Why?" 

 Tina remained silent. 

 "Tina, please answer. I want to know." 

 "Because I fell in love with you, Janet. I felt that you needed someone to 
  rely on, because you were so alone." 

 "Thank you, Tina." 

 Janet got back into bed, and hugged Tina. She kissed her maid passionately 
  on the lips, while her hand cupped Tina's sex under the covers. Tina moaned 
  in response and opened her legs to accommodate Janet's attentions. 

 "Hold me, Tina?" asked Janet, "please?" 

 "Yes, Janet." 

 They fell asleep in each other's arms holding together as one. 

* * * * 

Tina led Jessica into the library, with the blindfold still covering her eyes. 
  Once she had seated her charge on a seat in front of the desk, she removed the 
  leather object. 

 "Thank you, Tina. Could we be alone?" asked Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," Tina replied, smiling to her Mistress. 

 "Mistress?" Jessica asked. 

 "Are you going to ask why Tina isn't undressing you now in the bedroom?" asked 
  Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Jessica. 

 "Drink?" asked Janet, "Sherry?" 

 "I don't understand, Mistress Janet," Jessica replied. 

 Janet rose from her desk, and poured two glasses of sherry from a bottle on 
  a liquor cabinet. She passed one to Jessica before seating herself once again. 
  Jessica was quite surprised, since the last time she had been in the house Janet 
  had spanked her when she had served something wrong during dinner. 

 "Mistress?" 

 "Take a drink, Jessica. Drink to the fact that I came out ahead in the stock 
  market. Else there would be another woman in this chair, and I would be down 
  in the Dungeon, facing a grim fate." 

 Recognition came to Jessica quickly, and she smiled as she sipped her Sherry. 

 "You won, then, Mistress," surmised Jessica. 

 "Yes, Jessica. Thank you for all your help. Dominants aren't gods, and when 
  we forget that, horrible things can happen. A wonderful Dom, Mistress Erica, 
  who I shall never forget, trained me in this house. I shall continue to be just 
  like her, and follow everything that she taught me." 

 "Why are you telling me this, Mistress Janet?" asked Jessica. 

 "Because you must learn never to let absolute power corrupt you, Jessica. 
  One day, you may progress to being a Dominant. Then you will use the lessons 
  that you have learned when you were being striped with a crop." 

 "Does Mistress Janet want to use her slave Jessica this evening?" 

 "Yes. Tina!" called Janet. 

 Tina entered the library after she had been called, a grin on her face. 

 "Tina, you may prepare our guest for this evening. And wipe that grin off 
  your face before I place you over my knee and swat your behind!" declared Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," replied Tina, "but I still want you to spank me." 

 "Later, Tina, later." 

 'How can I maintain discipline as a Mistress when everyone around me is acting 
  so damn happy?' Janet asked herself when she was alone. 

* * * * * 

Weeks later, Janet was attending to some paperwork when Stephanie had been 
  invited over. When her friend entered the library, Janet rose and kissed her. 

 "Good afternoon," said Janet. 

 "Thank you," Stephanie answered. 

 "You said over the phone that you had something for me?" asked Janet. 

 "Yes, a letter from a Mistress Monique in California." 

 "Who's she?" asked Janet. 

 "I've met her once," said Stephanie, "very mysterious woman. She is on the 
  East Coast, and will see you tomorrow. Sent me this letter to give to you." 

 Janet was passed the envelope, which was a very expensive piece of stationery. 
  Her name was on the front, and a large M was the monogram on the envelope flap. 
  In addition, there was a wax seal with her initial also. 

 "Quite mysterious," agreed Janet, who placed the envelope on her desk. 

 "How is it running the house?" asked Stephanie. 

 "Fine. I just still can't believe it," Janet answered. 

 "Drinks, Mistress?" asked Tina as she pushed a tray into the library. 

 "Yes, Tina, thank you," answered Janet, "can we be alone?" 

 "Yes, Mistress," said Tina before she closed the library doors. 

 "Sometimes I can't get rid of her," stated Janet, "and if I punish her, she 
  only comes back for more." 

 "Such problems," agreed Stephanie. 

 Even though Janet had won the estate, she had still given Tina to Stephanie. 
  So Tina was still Stephanie's property. So Janet had "leased" her back, until 
  her term of contract with Stephanie was over in six months. Tina was required 
  once every two weeks to spend a day with Stephanie, and Janet noted that she 
  came back with a few new stripes every time. After six months, Tina would again 
  wholly belong to Janet. 

 "There's a favor that I have to ask you. Could you train Tiffany for a while?" 

 "Sure, but why?" asked Stephanie. 

 "Because she already dislikes you, and I would like to get her out of the 
  house for a while. It would be a great favor to me. I want you to take her this 
  afternoon, please?" asked Janet. 

 "Certainly, but how severe do you want me to treat her?" 

 "Make her uncomfortable, and be sure that she is wearing that necklace at 
  all times," specified Janet. 

 "Why, its worth a fortune," observed Stephanie. 

 "True. It's just another reminder to Tiffany about the price of her folly," 
  said Janet. 

 What nobody else knew was that the necklace that Tiffany was wearing was a 
  fake. The real one was in Janet's safe deposit box at the Stone bank in Greenwich. 
  Janet had had one specially made up, and had substituted them one day. So the 
  object around Tiffany's neck was a fraud, of little value! 

 Janet watched Stephanie drive away later, with Tiffany cuffed in the front 
  passenger seat next to her. It was going to be nice to be alone with Tina for 
  a while. The letter from Monique had been forgotten until well after dinner. 
  She was just about to open it, when the phone rang. 

 "Hello?" asked Janet. 

 "This is Monique. Have you read my letter?" 

 "I'm just opening it now." 

 Dear Mistress Janet, Let me introduce myself. I am Monique, from California. 
  I have been requested to deliver a special package to you tonight. M 

 "I've just read it," said Janet. 

 "Good, I'll be over in ten minutes," said Monique. 

 When Monique arrived, she was in a large black limousine. The driver was female, 
  and she helped her passenger to remove a bound woman from the back seat of the 
  car. 

 The woman was harshly bound, and totally helpless. Her head was encased in 
  a red discipline helmet that was laced up in the back, and her chest was bound 
  into a corset, that pulled her waist tightly in. Her wrists and ankles were 
  cuffed together with gleaming stainless steel cuffs. 

 "Greetings, I am Monique," said her guest. 

 "Please come inside," said Janet. 

 "Sorry, but I cannot stay. I shall return within three days, when I shall 
  pick her up again. You may have the use of her during that time." 

 "This is all quite irregular," Janet observed, "far outside normal procedures. 
  I normally don't conduct myself in this manner, and I don't like it." 

 "Are you refusing the use of this girl?" asked Monique. 

 "Stephanie told me that you were reliable, so I shall take her word in this 
  matter and accept her. But next time, I want prior notice, interviews, and reports 
  on her first." 

 "Understood, Mistress Janet," Monique answered. 

 "Thank you," said Janet, as she watched the limo quickly depart. 

 How mysterious! Janet walked the bound woman inside, and conducted her into 
  the library. Monique had handed her an envelope, with some papers saying that 
  the slave's name was Alana Peters. 

 Janet, after reading the papers, stood up and removed the discipline helmet, 
  after unlacing it from the rear. She pulled the helmet off from the front, and 
  a rubber phallus gag with an air hole was removed from the slave's mouth. 

 "Mistress Erica!" cried Janet, shock on her face when she recognized her former 
  Mistress. 

 "Janet. How good to see you," said Erica. 

 "Erica, I knew you weren't dead," cried Janet as she sank to her knees. 

 "There now, Janet. I'm not really dressed for the way you're treating me, 
  so stand up. You're the Mistress, now," said Erica. 

 Janet stood up and unlocked Erica's wrists, and removed the hobble chain. 
  Still wearing the corset, Janet invited her to sit behind the desk, but Erica 
  declined. 

 "That's your desk now, not mine. I'm just your guest here, your slave." 

 "Mistress Erica, why did you devise this test of Tiffany and myself?" 

 "All in good time, Janet. I'll be here for three days. Where is Tiffany?" 

 "Stephanie is training her," answered Janet, "I felt it would be better for 
  her to be trained by someone else for a while, not me." 

 "Good, I only wanted to see you anyway. Tina doesn't know me, and it would 
  be inconvenient to be seen by Tiffany." 

 "Isn't faking your death a crime?" asked Janet. 

 "It is provided fraud is committed. There was no large life insurance policy 
  on me, there were clearly designated heirs, and taxes were paid." 

 "But you gave me your estate?" protested Janet. 

 "Did you really think that this was my entire estate?" laughed Erica, "no, 
  Erica Riken was just one identity of mine. And Alana isn't my real name, either. 
  Fact is, you'll never know just who I really am. That's why I kept such a low 
  profile, even if I was rich. And you should too." 

 "What are you doing now?" asked Janet. 

 Erica held up her left hand, and on her third finger was a simple gold wedding 
  band. 

 "Married? You're married? You left this life to get hitched?" questioned Janet. 

 "It was time to start something new. My husband knows of my former life, and 
  he doesn't care. And that's all I'll say about it. Which brings me to the purpose 
  of my visit. You may use me for three days, and then return me to Mistress Monique. 
  In any way you wish, for I'll be your slave." 

 "I don't know what to say," answered Janet. 

 "Say yes, and use me, Janet. Every slave has a desire to use her Mistress. 
  You now have that chance for three days. As you would any other slave. Just 
  refer to me as Alana, not Erica." 

 "Erica, I can't use you. I just can't. You were my Dom; you made me cry and 
  taught me submission. I would touch my stripes at home, remembering how you 
  administered them. I ached with desire when you wouldn't let me into your bed. 
  I still revere you, Erica." 

 "I'm not a goddess, Janet. Just a woman who was a Dominant for a while, so 
  use me as a slave," said Erica. 

 Janet sat behind the desk, never imagining that she would be in this position. 
  Here was Erica, asking to be used as a slave! 

 "Don't make me beg, Mistress Janet. Use me. Please?" 

 Looking at Erica, Janet remembered when she had been standing in front of 
  Erica. She had seen Tiffany used the previous night, and now Erica was demanding 
  that she write why she wanted to be a slave and serve a Mistress. Now Janet 
  was the one behind the desk, and Erica was on the other side. Janet finally 
  made her decision, and she tried to look confident, but instead was quaking 
  with fear inside. How does one go about using her Trainer? 

 "Yes, Mistress," finally answered Janet. 

 "You are the Mistress now, Janet. Always remember that, and never forget what 
  I have taught you." 

 "Tina!" called Janet. 

 They waited until Tina entered through the library doors. Tina arrived, wearing 
  a red rubber Maid's outfit that Janet had specially picked out for her. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Take this slave to the bedroom, remove her corset and outfit her in collar, 
  bracelets, and a pair of heels. Her name is Alana, and she will be with us for 
  three days," said Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress, has she been interviewed?" asked Tina. 

 Tina was more than just her maid now, she was her assistant in the training 
  of her slaves. Tina would help interview and explore just why her clients would 
  come to her to submit to a Mistress, in preparation for her own time as a Mistress 
  in the future. 

 "Yes, Tina. She is quite submissive, and has been a slave for some time. Please 
  report back here when she is ready," Janet ordered. 

 After a short time, Tina led Alana, now naked and prepared back to the library. 
  Janet was reviewing some reports on another of her charges, and she waiting 
  to address Tina and Alana until she finished reading. 

 Alana was now naked, and attired as Janet had ordered. Her hands were locked 
  behind her back, and she was led by a leash that was attached to her collar. 
  Janet looked over her skin, and knew that Alana, no Erica, had not been used 
  in a long time. 

 "Thank you, Tina. We can be alone now," ordered Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," said Tina. 

 Janet waited until they were alone after Tina had closed the library doors, 
  and Janet heard Tina's heels click as she walked away, indicating that she was 
  resuming her chores. 

 "Is this what you want, Erica?" Janet asked. 

 "Yes, Mistress Janet. This will be the last time in my life that I enter a 
  Dungeon, or submit to another woman, ever. I now leave the life of Dominance 
  and submission in the same way I entered into it years ago, naked and as a slave. 
  It is only fitting that I submit to you, my last slave, who has inherited my 
  title and estate," Erica answered. 

 From behind her desk, Janet tried to read Erica's face and body language. 
  Was there something else that Erica was trying to hide? Janet had served Erica 
  for months, all the same time that her Mistress had been plotting her competition 
  between Janet and Tiffany. 

 Now Erica was leaving the world that she had introduced Janet to. Was there 
  some truth that Erica was not telling, some additional secret? Janet had never 
  been able to read Erica Riken. Not in the Dungeon, and not in the bedroom either. 

 "Then I shall recall Tina here, to witness your submission," said Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress Janet." 

 "Tina!" 

 As they waited, Janet wondered if any Mistress had ever been in this position 
  before, of using their Trainer. She remembered how Stephanie had offered herself 
  to Janet to be used. Now it was her Mistress that stood before her. Why? Janet 
  asked herself, was this some penance on Erica's part? Or was there something 
  else? 

 Finally, Tina arrived and it was time for Janet to act her part. 

 "Do you, Alana Peters, submit to my discipline of your own free will?" asked 
  Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Without force or coercion?" 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "That for your stay here, you shall not have the freedom of your body, which 
  shall belong totally to me, or whomever I command to have the use of you?" 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Then rise, Alana," the woman rose after Janet's command, "Tina, what are 
  the chores today?" 

 "Washing the windows, Mistress." 

 "Strenuous work, yes?" asked Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," Tina answered. 

 "Outfit her with a belt around her waist and a large dildo in her sex, complete 
  with a clit stimulator. If she objects, use the crop. If she does a poor job 
  on the windows, use her severely, you have my permission." 

 "Yes, Mistress," Tina answered. 

 "Thank you, Tina, that will be all," said Janet. 

 Tina led her charge away, who remained silent, who did not protest her bondage. 
  Janet sat back in her chair, wondering if she was doing the right thing with 
  Erica. She had just ordered that her trainer wear a dildo harness around her 
  waist. Every step and motion for her would be a form of erotic agony, with her 
  sex and clit constantly aroused by the dildo inside her. 

 Janet remembered how she had been sexually excited the first time that Erica 
  had ordered her to wear the harness. Every movement of her body made the dildo 
  rub against her sex, the stimulator on her clit keeping her constantly aroused. 
  How fast her heart beat, how close to climax she was for hours. 

 "So now the roles are reversed," Janet said aloud to herself, alone in the 
  library. 

 Alana performed her duties with Tina during the day, without any comment or 
  complaint. The constant stimulation of her sex kept her constantly aroused, 
  and she kept trying to expel the invader within. 

 Janet had only one session that evening, and had ordered that Alana be chained 
  against the Dungeon wall to witness the use of her slave, Nola. Alana had finally 
  been released from the dildo harness, but a ballgag had been inserted in her 
  mouth to insure her silence. 

 Nola was midway through her training, and Janet knew just what the slave was 
  expecting. Janet striped her with the whip, then the crop. She pinched her erect 
  nipples, making her moan with excitement and desire. Finally, she inserted her 
  fingers into Nola's wet sex, driving her ever closer to climax. 

 "Do you desire to please your Mistress?" asked Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress Janet," plead Nola. 

 "I regret that I must cut our session short for tonight, Nola. But I promise 
  you that you shall be rewarded amply next time." 

 "Mistress?" asked Nola. 

 Janet pushed her fingers deeper into Nola's sex, then removed them suddenly. 
  Nola suddenly orgasmed, and jerked within her bonds, moaning with pleasure. 

 "Next time, slave," said Janet as she kissed Nola on the lips. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," said Nola. 

 "You're welcome. Tina, release Nola, and get her cleaned up," ordered Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "See you next week, Nola," said Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," Nola replied as Tina released her. 

 Nola then bent down and kissed Janet's high heels, before she was led away 
  by Tina, to be bathed and dressed. Originally, Janet had planned to keep her 
  for the night and use her further. But her new charge had changed her plans 
  for the evening. 

 Janet walked over to the wall, and unlocked Alana's wrists, then she locked 
  them behind her back. Next, she reached down, and began to pinch the wona's 
  erect nipples, making her squeal. Continuing, she then inserted two of her fingers 
  into Alana's sex, which was already wet. 

 "Excited, aren't you?" questioned Janet. 

 All that Alana could do was to nod her head in assent to Janet's question. 

 "Before our two days are through, Alana, you shall be screaming out your submission 
  to me, and you shall be whipped into a frenzy. Is that what you want? I'm giving 
  you one final chance to be released," offered Janet as she removed the gag from 
  Alana's mouth. 

 "Yes, Mistress, please use me?" requested Alana. 

 Janet then walked her over to the ceiling chain and unlocked her wrists once 
  again before she chained them over Alana's head. A spreader bar soon locked 
  her ankles apart, and Janet finished by activating a switch that pulled the 
  ceiling chain taut. 

 "Prepare to be used, slave," said Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Janet removed a coiled whip from the wall, and offered the handle to Alana, 
  who kissed it when offered. While holding the whip, Janet wondered if she had 
  looked that way when Erica had offered it to her. 

 She began to use Alana in a slow, careful fashion. Janet did not know just 
  how long it had been since she had been last used, so she did not want to shock 
  her by harshly using the whip. Even though Alana had told her that she would 
  take the most severe discipline, Janet still exercised control and responsibility 
  in using her new submissive. 

 After Janet had delivered the first series of strokes, Janet paused. The exertions 
  of two scenes were taking their toll on her, since she was wearing a latex outfit. 
  Janet paused, as Tina re-entered the Dungeon. 

 "Mistress Janet, Nola has been bathed, dressed, and sent on her way," stated 
  Tina. 

 "Thank you, Tina," Janet answered. 

 "Slave Alana, are you all right?" Janet asked. 

 "Yes, Mistress," Alana replied. 

 "I shall now take a pause." 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Deep in her heart, Janet had always wondered just what it would be like to 
  use her Mistress. Erica, the woman who had introduced her to being a slave. 
  Erica, who had striped her naked body, then used her sexually. Who had awakened 
  fires in her that would never be quenched. 

 Now Erica was naked and bound and being used by her former slave, and she 
  was reacting well under Janet's whip. 

 "Tina?" 

 "Yes, Mistress?" 

 "You may use our new slave, if you want." 

 "Thank you, Mistress," answered Tina. 

 Tina selected a riding crop, and displayed it to Alana. She bent it between 
  her gloved hands. 

 "When were you last cropped, slave?" asked Tina. 

 "A long time ago, Mistress," Alana answered. 

 "Do you desire the crop?" 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Tina looked at Janet for permission, and Janet nodded her approval. 

 "Kiss the crop," directed Tina, who offered the handle to her captive. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 When it was offered to her, Alana kissed the crop with her lips. Alana was 
  performing just like any other slave, just as if she had belonged to Janet all 
  along. 

 "Ten strokes, Mistress?" asked Tina. 

 "That will be fine, Tina." 

 Tina delivered her strokes in a businesslike, methodical fashion. She struck 
  at Alana's underarms, her breasts, her behind, and finally between her legs. 
  Each stroke left a red mark behind, and was delivered with enough force to make 
  Alana jump within her chains. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," sobbed Alana when the strokes were completed. 

 Janet had never thought that she would ever see her Mistress cry. But now 
  her Mistress was gone, instead she was now under Janet's whip and control. 

 "Tina, you may release Alana, bathe her, and chain her in a bedroom. I won't 
  be using her tonight. However, you may have her if you want," offered Janet. 

 "Mistress?" asked Tina. 

 "You can speak to me later. I'm going to bathe and change," said Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Janet was wearing nothing but a kimono robe and slippers in her bedroom when 
  Tina knocked on the door. 

 "Enter," ordered Janet. 

 "Mistress, may I speak to you?" asked Tina. 

 "Yes, Tina." 

 "You said that Alana is an experienced slave," stated Tina. 

 "Yes," Janet answered. 

 "If she is, she has not been used in quite some time," suggested Tina. 

 "Thank you for bringing that to my attention, Tina. However, she had worked 
  adequately in the house today, and took her discipline quite well, so there 
  is no cause for concern. Where is she?" 

 "Alana has been bathed and is chained in a bedroom, Mistress," answered Tina. 

 "Thank you, Tina. But I don't want to use her myself tonight. You may, however." 

 "But Mistress Janet, it's traditional that you as Mistress use her first," 
  pointed out Tina. 

 "Yes, Tina. But not tonight, I'm giving her to you," Janet answered. 

 "Thank you, Mistress." 

 "Except that I don't want her to climax. Use the crop, stimulate her, get 
  her near to orgasm as you can, but frustrate her. Don't let her cum. And when 
  you're finished, chain her wrists to her collar and lock a spreader bar to her 
  ankles," ordered Janet. 

 "Yes, Mistress," answered Tina, "I shall obey your orders." 

 "Thank you, Tina." 

 "Thank you, Mistress Janet," said Tina as Janet turned back towards her bed. 

 "See you in the morning," said Janet to her departing maid and confidant. 

 During the night, Janet had awakened after turning in early. She walked by 
  the bedroom, and she could her the sounds within as Tina used Alana. She could 
  be heard, crying and moaning, and the occasional slap of leather against her 
  skin. Janet knew that Tina would obey her orders to the letter, and not exceed 
  them. 

 The next day was uneventful. Janet had appointments that kept her out of the 
  house, and she had to drive up to Hartford for something she couldn't cancel. 
  Fortunately, she didn't have any sessions planned that evening, so she could 
  devote herself to using Alana. 

 Tina was given the use of Alana during the day to maintain the house after 
  Janet had left. The trip to Hartford and her business there took shorter than 
  expected, so she was back to the house early. 

 Janet had a late lunch, and used Alana briefly during the afternoon. She made 
  Alana service her in the library, and her former owner brought her to climax. 
  Once she had climaxed, Janet beat her with a crop, striping her several times. 

 "Do you like serving your Mistress?" Janet asked. 

 "Yes, Mistress Janet," tearfully answered Alana. 

 "Good, for you shall serve me in the Dungeon later. I shall make you scream 
  with pain and pleasure." 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 True to her word, Janet used Alana severely. She decided to use the long whip, 
  which would wrap itself around Alana and sting fiercely. Alana was soon in tears 
  from her use by Mistress Janet. 

 Once she had whipped Alana into a frenzy, she had Tina release her and bring 
  her to Janet's bedroom. 

 "Now, slave," said Janet, "it is time." In her bedroom, Janet relentlessly 
  continued her punishment of Alana, using the riding crop on her back over and 
  over. Like a demon that possessed her, Janet continued to crop Alana repeatedly, 
  time after time. She beat Alana without pause, without rest. Her naked body 
  was soon a mass of red stripes from the crop, and tears of pain fell from her 
  cheeks. 

 "Mercy, Mistress Janet, mercy!" Alana screamed in pain. 

 "NO!" said Janet, madness possessing her to continue cropping Alana. 

 In spite of Alana's plea for mercy, a strange madness possessed Janet to continue 
  using the crop on the slave's back, delivering stroke after stroke. Finally, 
  flecks of blood appeared on Alana's back as the skin was broken, and the crop's 
  tip was colored red. 

 "Mercy," cried Alana, "mercy!" 

 "NO!" screamed Janet tears falling from her eyes. 

 "Show me your back, Mistress Janet! Or are you Mistress Lauren?" demanded 
  Erica, her voice and persona changing. 

 "NO! I'm not Lauren!" screamed Janet. 

 "Then why are you behaving like Lauren?" 

 Janet fell to the floor, sobbing as she dropped the riding crop. She covered 
  her eyes with her hands trying to contain the tears. Erica's mention of Lauren 
  reopened the memory of her suffering months before. 

 "Before you strike my back again, show me yours!" ordered Erica. 

 "Oh god, what have I become?" cried Janet, as she fell to her knees on the 
  floor. The madness and bloodlust that had gripped her for the last hour was 
  suddenly made real to her, how she was acting in a sadistic manner. Janet had 
  refused a call for mercy, something that she pledged that she would never do. 
  How she was acting like Mistress Lauren. 

 Erica unzipped the PVC top that Janet was wearing, which had exposed her arms, 
  but covered the rest of her upper body. She removed it from Janet's torso, and 
  dropped it to the floor and stood up. Erica struggled to her feet on shaky legs, 
  her body in pain from the beating that she had endured. 

 "You knew," cried Janet, "you knew all along." 

 "Yes." 

 "Why didn't you ask me in the library?" asked Janet. 

 "Because it had to come in it's own way. Because you had to beat me and refuse 
  my call for mercy while you striped my back. Yes, I heard about what Lauren 
  did to you. How you took the punishment of a slave who had been used beyond 
  her breaking point, and paid a terrible price for it. I was very proud when 
  I heard about a new Mistress who observed all the rules, acted wisely and coolly. 
  I knew that you had learned everything that I had taught you," said Erica. 

 "Why does Lauren hate you so?" sobbed Janet. 

 "We were both slaves together, then became Dominants at the same time. There 
  was always something vicious and evil about her, and when she advanced to Mistress, 
  she forgot the responsibility that we hold," answered Erica. 

 "No! There's more, tell me all of it!" Janet demanded. 

 "Lauren discovered an excellent slave, one that wanted to be trained and serve 
  a Mistress. But she abused her, and punished her severely. I rescued the girl, 
  and made her my slave instead." 

 "Tiffany?" asked Janet. 

 "No, Stephanie." 

 "Stephanie?" Janet repeated, dumbfounded. 

 "Yes. That's why she hates you, Stephanie, and myself. She was always angry 
  that I took Stephanie from her, and probably one day vowed revenge. Stephanie 
  was a superb slave who learned quickly, and who had excellent qualities. She 
  advanced from slave to Mistress in just a few years," Erica recalled. 

 "Why did Lauren want to kill me?" sobbed Janet. 

 "To Lauren, you represented me," continued Erica. "That was why when you surrendered 
  to her, Lauren finally had her chance to punish me, with you as my surrogate. 
  You never knew that when you took that slave's punishment in her place. What 
  was her name?" 

 "Myra." 

 "Then you must do all you can to free her from Lauren's grasp," directed Erica. 

 "She also met me later in Greenwich. She told me that Lauren was advising 
  Tiffany, and that Tiffany was ahead in the stock market," answered Janet. 

 "You have to free her, Janet." 

 "Yes," sobbed Janet, "I swear I will, Erica." 

 "You must, Janet," answered Erica. 

 "Why, Erica? Why did I have to go through such hell?" questioned Janet. 

 "As my newest and last slave," Erica began. "I felt that you had as much right 
  to my legacy as one of my older ones. Tiffany has been one of my slaves for 
  a long time. But I had no idea that she was probably serving Lauren, my enemy, 
  as well." 

 "Erica, Tiffany and Lauren were conspiring together from the very beginning 
  after your death. The night after you died, I went to Tiffany's apartment. I 
  knocked over a game, Conquest, in her closet. I boasted how good I was. Six 
  months later, at Lauren's, we played Conquest, and I won easily. I was set up, 
  since Myra had already been used. When I met Lauren before, she knew that I 
  disapproved of her methods, and I would be forced into taking Myra's place." 

 "Then you must trade or sell Tiffany to Lauren in exchange for Myra." 

 "I have to. I certainly can't keep Tiffany in my House," agreed Janet. 

 "I could not have imagined that you would have had to face Lauren," said Erica, 
  "she must have made you suffer horribly on my account." 

 "I wanted to die," bluntly stated Janet. 

 "But you survived, Janet. There are many responsibilities that you will have 
  as Mistress, both good and bad. You will be holding a person's very life in 
  your hands, and you will be responsible for it." 

 "That was what I told Tiffany the night before the codicil was read," Janet 
  answered. 

 "Then you have learned what your role as a Mistress is really about, not just 
  providing yourself with sexual satisfaction." 

 "But why the competition, Erica?" 

 "I had to find some way of testing the two of you, something that you could 
  not control. Something that would test you to your very limits of endurance 
  and strength. But I never thought that you would be tested almost to the brink 
  of death. I'm sorry Janet, but the life of a Mistress isn't always going to 
  be a happy one. You learned harder and faster, than any slave or Mistress ever 
  had to. You will make a fine Mistress, Janet. You have learned everything that 
  I taught you, and deserve to inherit my legacy." 

 Janet buried her face in her hands and sobbed, tears flowing from her eyes, 
  droplets running down her hands and cheeks. 

 "Thank you, Erica. I'll always remember you," sobbed Janet. 

 "I know you will, Janet. I know you will," comforted Erica. 

 Before Erica left the next day, she hugged and kissed Janet. She would not 
  leave the estate bound, but instead wore a red dress and modest heels. 

 "Janet, good-bye. Be a good Mistress, a good owner to Tina, and a good friend 
  to Stephanie. For me?" asked Erica. 

 "Yes, Mistress," Janet replied. 

 "I shall not pass this way again, Janet," said Erica as she choked back tears, 
  "I just have to go. I'm sorry." 

 'I'll do everything you asked, Erica,' Janet thought to herself as she watched 
  Erica climb into the limo with Mistress Monique, 'good-bye, Mistress Erica.' 

 Janet entered her house and closed the door behind her. Tina was waiting in 
  the foyer, and Janet had a hard time restraining herself from crying. 

 "Is everything all right, Mistress?" Tina asked. 

 "Yes, Tina." 

 "Then why are you crying for a slave you only had for a few days, Mistress 
  Janet?" 

 "Tina, please, there are some questions that you are better off not asking. 
  And you must never physically describe Alana to anyone, do you understand?" 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 "I would like to be alone," said Janet as she saw the limo pull away from 
  the landing. 

 'You're hiding something Erica,' Janet thought to herself, 'What it is I don't 
  know, but you're hiding something as usual.' Janet watched the limo pull away, 
  then ran to the library to cry. Janet noticed that Erica did not look back at 
  the estate from the rear window of the car. It took her an hour to regain her 
  composure, and then she drove to Stephanie's house. 

 "You don't want Tiffany back yet, do you?" asked Stephanie as they entered 
  the library together. 

 Stephanie poured two small glasses of sherry, and she handed one to Janet. 
  They both sat down together, Stephanie behind her desk, Janet in the leather 
  seat in front of her. Janet wore a green blouse and a modest skirt that showed 
  off her legs. 

 "No, that's not why I came here." 

 "Go ahead," said Stephanie. 

 "I want to buy Myra from Rene and Lauren. I owe her that much for telling 
  me about Lauren and Tiffany, and trade her for Tiffany." 

 "Risky. If Lauren finds out that's it you that wants Myra, she won't sell 
  and Myra will be horribly punished. We'll have to find a Mistress who will help 
  us and disguise her real reasons for buying Myra. What else?" 

 "I also want to go back to that plastic surgeon you brought me to and get 
  my back fixed. It's time now, and I no longer have to wear the stigmata of my 
  beating by Lauren," asserted Janet. 

 "All right," replied Stephanie, "are you feeling okay, Janet? You seem disturbed 
  by something." 

 "I'm fine, thank you," Janet lied. 

 "What about that slave Monique brought over?" 

 "Just a girl that needed some additional training, that's all," Janet answered, 
  and in a strange way, it was true! 

 "Janet, I have a confession to make. I was Erica's slave before I became a 
  Dom. I should have told you long ago, I'm sorry," apologized Stephanie. 

 "That's all right, Stephanie. Will I ever know all of Erica's secrets?" asked 
  Janet. 

 "No, I don't think so," Stephanie replied. 

 "I don't think so either." 

 Janet sat back in her leather chair, enjoying the feel of it on her bare legs. 
  Finally, after her year of trial, her test and ordeal was over. It was time 
  to properly begin her life as a Mistress, just as she had been trained. 

 Epilogue 

 Janet relaxed behind her desk in the library, warming her fingers on the steaming 
  mug of coffee that she was holding. She watched, as the snow outside the windows 
  became progressively heavier. Having just returned from two weeks in the Bahamas, 
  Janet had managed to arrive home the day before a blizzard struck. 

 Tina had awakened her, and they had shared a nice breakfast together. Then 
  Tina had to attend to her chores, and Janet to assume her role as Mistress of 
  the House. Afterwards, Janet had adjourned to the library to work on the mail 
  and other paperwork required in running the estate. 

 Janet had taken her coffee mug and a thermos pitcher of black coffee with 
  her. Running her estate was lengthy work, and would require plenty of coffee 
  to keep her going. 

 The radio was droning quietly about the forecast that at least thirty inches 
  of snow were coming, and Connecticut was going to be snowed in. It was a good 
  thing that Janet always took a couple of days to rest after a trip before resuming 
  her normal schedule. There was nothing on her calendar except for dinner with 
  Stephanie, which would have to be canceled. 

 Glancing outside, she saw that the snow was already drifting onto the library 
  windows. It was inches deep by now, and the storm was just getting started. 
  So Janet knew that she was going to be house bound for a few days. 

 "Damn!" said Janet aloud to herself. 

 She had marked the date in red ink, and Janet suddenly realized why. It was 
  the third anniversary of the day she had been nearly fatally beaten by Mistress 
  Lauren, in her revenge against Erica. She had wanted the anniversary each year 
  to be marked by a private dinner with Stephanie, to thank her for saving Janet's 
  life. 

 Even though it had been two years, Janet had never told Stephanie about Erica's 
  secret or how Lauren and Tiffany had plotted to kill her. There were some things 
  that were better kept quiet, which was something else that she had learned from 
  Erica. Though they often shared a bed together, and Janet longed to confess 
  to someone about what she knew, Janet still stayed silent. 

 Janet wondered what would have happened to her life if it had snowed on that 
  night and she and Tiffany had not gone to Lauren's party. Would events have 
  turned out differently? Would Tiffany now be sitting in the chair, and Janet 
  in the Dungeon? Or was the agony that Janet suffered necessary for her to win 
  Erica's competition between them? Her back had been fixed, and the physical 
  scars removed. It had been a painful process, but nothing like the agony she 
  had suffered when inflicted by Lauren. She remembered how she had wanted to 
  scream and plead for mercy, but Lauren had buckled a ballgag in her mouth. Then 
  Janet had been beaten severely, far beyond just drawing blood. Janet knew that 
  she would have begged Lauren for her life, but that had been denied her by the 
  gag. 

 Janet was now a successful Mistress, with plenty of eager and willing slaves 
  to please her. She had learned from both Erica and Stephanie, and was regarded 
  as a superb Dominatrix and her advice sought by others. 

 It had taken Janet and Stephanie six months to create a scheme to trade Tiffany 
  for Myra, which had succeeded. Now, Myra was one of Janet's most devoted slaves, 
  and would do anything for her. Meanwhile, Janet wondered just what sort of miserable 
  life that Tiffany must be leading as Lauren's slave. Would she someday meet 
  Tiffany somewhere, begging for Janet to buy her? 

 Finally, Janet started on the mail. She sorted through the bills, ads, and 
  organized it into neat piles. However, there was a standard business envelope 
  with no return address on it. It had been printed on an ink-jet printer, with 
  her name and address. 

 Janet opened the envelope, and unfolded a single sheet of paper, which also 
  contained a newspaper article about a fatal car accident. Janet didn't recognize 
  the name of the victim. 

 But tears did come when she read the letter: 

 Dear Janet, I trust that you are well, and things are working well for you 
  in your life as a Mistress. I'm writing to inform you of Erica's death in a 
  traffic accident, which happened a few days ago. Enclosed you will find an article 
  about her death. After Erica and I "died" in the plane crash, I started a new 
  life also, as a Mistress in my own right. Erica did not want me to contact you, 
  feeling that you had to establish your own life. I am happy to hear that you 
  have done a good job of it. Erica always loved you, deeply. 

 Andrea 

 Below her name, Andrea had written a phone number, as an afterthought. Janet 
  decided that she would call later in the day. 

 During her brief three-day visit two years earlier, Erica had been alone in 
  the library. In a book of Japanese poetry, she had outlined a poem in red, then 
  placed a bookmark on the page. Janet had stumbled across it months later, on 
  the first anniversary of her beating by Lauren. 

 Janet read: You only live twice: Once when you are born, And once when you 
  look death in the face.1 

 Janet had seen death in Lauren's face, and she would always remember it. But 
  why did Erica have to die, and not Lauren? Fate was unfair, just as Erica had 
  said it would be. 

 Watching the snow pile itself into silent drifts, it seemed a peaceful and 
  fitting day to learn that Erica was really gone. Janet reflected on the events 
  that led her to this point quietly, before she resumed her duties as Mistress 
  of her Estate. 

 THE END of "Janet in Training"




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sfmaster


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





