BDSM Library - Karen in Trouble




Karen in Trouble
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two girls were caught when they played a bondage game. Soon they were forced to complete a series of tasks before they can get their nasty photos back.
Karen in Trouble

sexykaren@hotmail.com (Karen Johnson)
(exh, bond, toys, gang)

As always, this is intended for adults interested in sexual situations
only. If you don't fall into that category - go do your homework or
leave this to those of us who can appreciate this kind of thing!




Karen in Trouble
Karen & Natalie - Caught

It was one of those days when nothing was seeming to come together.
The reason was plain when I stopped to think about it. I was horny as
hell and I just wasn't getting any satisfaction. I got on the phone to
my girlfriend Natalie. We both share a love of exhibiting ourselves
and I felt a plan hatching that could just solve my problems.

We had been playing around with some bondage equipment and I thought
we could use it to some advantage, so when she arrived, we loaded it
into my car and drove out to the country, to a small wooded area we
had found close to an old abandoned mine and log cabin. We had
stumbled on to this place when we were looking for a secluded spot to
play some games and were almost discovered by a gang of teenage boys.
They apparently had also found the mine and were using it and the
cabin for some kind of gang headquarters. We had discovered that some
of them would be there almost every day during the week and for longer
at weekends.

When we arrived, we were able to drive most of the way in and then
hide the car. There was no-one there yet, so we set up our pulley
system over a large tree branch in a clearing just off to the side of
the area, close to the path the boys would use to get to their new
place. I quickly changed into clothes I had chosen specially for the
occasion; not perhaps so appropriate for hiking in the country, but
perfect for what I had in mind. I wore long black pants, zippered the
full length of each side and a matching top, also zippered from the
waist under each arm and down the inside of the arm to the cuffs.
Under these I had a black sequinned bra, without shoulder straps, and
a matching black g-string, with side snaps. I also had a black garter
belt with black sheer stockings and silver high heeled sandals. I
looked damn good.

My name is Karen and I am 25 years old, 5'10" tall with blonde hair
and green eyes. I work out a real lot to ensure my body stays in good
shape and my measurements are 35,23,34. As it was now well into
summer, I had a good tan and I think I looked my best.

The way the pulley system worked was just to tie the whole system on
to a thick branch. Two ropes then led from the ground, over the pulley
and down to each end of a wide wooden bar, to which were attached a
wide padded strap, also at either end. Also attached to each end of
the bar were two other bars  joined in the center in the form of a
cross (X) with another bar identical to the top one at the bottom. Two
ropes similarly were attached to either end of this bar and led back
over the pulley, so there were four ropes which could be used to
change the height and angle of the rig. Natalie helped me fasten my
wrists into the top straps and my ankles into the lower straps as soon
as we heard the noise of someone approaching. She also pinned a note
to my belt, left a small backpack to the side on the ground and hid.
The note said the following: My name is Karen and I have been a bad
girl. My master invites anyone who wishes, to use me in whatever way
they wish. He will return at 9:00 pm this day to retrieve his slave.
(it was now about 2:00pm).

I was tied helpless to the wooden rig, the lower part of which was
standing on the ground and the top part was suspended by its two ropes
which were tied to the tree. You can imagine my heart was beating out
of my chest as the first person walking by stopped and saw me. He was
a young boy about 14. He was accompanied by two others perhaps a
little older. They looked at me as if they couldn't believe their
eyes, then one of the older boys walked over and asked me why I was
there. I asked him to release me, that there had been a big mistake
and I shouldn't be there, but he saw the note and read it. He said he
didn't think he should release me and the other boys seemed to agree.
They stepped back to discuss what they should do and looked me up and
down. Then one of the boys spotted the backpack and opened it. It was
filled with dildos, vibrators and sex-toys of every kind. This was
Natalie's little joke which I had not known about. If the boys were
unsure of what they should do before they opened the backpack, they
seemed sure now.

One of the boys reached to pull my top up and found the zip. He
unzipped both sides and pulled the top free. He did the same with the
pants. I was now in just my black underwear and my pussy was dripping,
I was so hot. Another of the boys reached behind and unsnapped my bra,
pulling it free as my breasts were released. They took turns examining
them and playing with my nipples which were standing up like pencil
erasers. Finally one of them found the snaps on my g-string and undid
them. I was now naked with my legs spread. They looked at my pussy and
touched it very carefully as though it may bite. It was then that four
more boys arrived. Two were younger than those already present, one
about the same age and one perhaps sixteen. They stopped to tell the
newcomers what had happened and pretty soon all of them were groping
my body. The eldest boy then stopped them, noticing the ropes leading
from the foot of the rig. He ordered them to lift it, which they did
until my feet were level with their faces. They released the head so
that I was perfectly level and tied all the ropes securely. I was now
hanging horizontally at about 5 feet from the ground. The elder boy
brought all of the others close to my pussy and stuck his finger in.
He told them how I must be enjoying it because I was so wet. I told
him I wasn't and to let me free, but he put another finger in and I
just groaned. He used both fingers to open my pussy so they could see
into it and one of them pulled out a small flashlight to shine in.
They were all clamoring to get a better view as he slid the flashlight
all the way in. I just seemed to suck it in I was so hot. By now there
was no denying I was enjoying it, although I tried to keep up the
pretence of demanding to be released. Someone brought over the bag of
toys. They pulled everything out of it and laid them on the ground.
One of the boys took two plastic clothes pins and applied them to my
nipples as another one grabbed a large chrome vibrator. As he moved it
in his hand he inadvertently switched it on and almost dropped it in
surprise. He showed it to the older boy who took it and replaced the
flashlight with it. He had to hold it in because my pussy was so wet,
it kept pushing it out, so they found a larger one, a big black cock
with veins and the works, which they stuck in me after removing the
other one. The older boy tried to put the chrome one in my asshole,
but it was too big.

Someone thought they should let me down lower, so they did and the
older boy pulled his pants down and exposed his cock. It was only
small but it sure looked hard. He moved up against me and removed the
black dildo. My pussy was really opened by now and he put his cock in
me. The other boys looked in amazement, but one-by-one, they took
their pants off. The older boy was now holding his cock so the head
just touched the inside of my pussy and was pumping it with his hand,
showing the others what to do. They all soon got the hang of it and
all seven of them were around me jerking off. I told one of the
younger ones to put it in my mouth, but he just pulled a face. Pretty
soon they were starting to come. The older boy came all over my pussy
and the others came on me wherever they were. The boy I had tried to
get in my mouth came all over my face, which I licked away. He watched
as I did this and finally offered his cock to my mouth. I greedily
sucked at him and in no time he was hard again and came in my mouth.
He shouted for the others to look and suddenly I had six more cocks to
suck. 

Just then another six boys arrived. They were older, perhaps seventeen
or eighteen. They moved the younger boys aside and examined me. One of
them dropped to his knees and looked into my pussy, opening it up with
both hands. He showed them all my hot little clit and flicked it with
his finger. I went nuts when he did that and he told them to watch
while he grabbed the black dildo and told me to relax my ass or I
would be sorry. He pushed it into my pussy to wet it, then pushed it
up my ass. Then, pumping it in and out of my ass, he started to lick
my clit. I was moaning and thrashing about, as much as I could
considering I was tied up. He was really doing a number on my clit. He
told another to get vibrators and use them on my nipples, which they
did. I felt the orgasm building and as it hit, I screamed so hard, the
younger boys got scared. He moved up and got his cock out to fuck me.
I couldn't wait. It was a nice cock, not huge, but long enough and
very wide. He showed the younger boys how to do it and soon was
pumping into me for all he was worth. He came quick, but I was already
sensitive and so did I. He wanted to see one of them fuck me in the
pussy as another was fucking me in the ass, but we couldn't with the
rig at that level. So he moved it so one could lie under me, giving
him access to my ass, while another would fuck me from the front, on
his knees. It was tough for the lower one to get his cock up my ass,
but once in, it stiffened beautifully and he was soon fucking my ass
for all he was worth. Another one came around the front and started
fucking my pussy. We all came together in a frenzy. I was just about
out of it by now, but so far gone that I noticed Natalie peering
through the bushes at us. Unfortunately, so did one of the boys and
they pounced on her and dragged her out of the bushes. Although she
was screaming for them to stop, they stripped her before my eyes,
found some rope and tied her spread-eagle to a tree.

Natalie is shorter than me, but a little heavier, with big beautiful
breasts. She is brunette, very pretty with a neatly trimmed pussy,
unlike mine which is shaved smooth. The boys decided that I could use
some rest so they concentrated on Natalie, groping her tits and
fingering her pussy. The boy with the flashlight got under her pussy
with the light and shouted for all the others to come see. Now,
Natalie has the biggest clit I have ever seen. When she gets aroused,
it is like a little cock, erecting and protruding from its hood. You
can even grasp it between your thumb and forefinger and jerk it like a
cock. They obviously noticed this big difference between us and pretty
soon they were poking and prodding it. I shouted that they should try
using it like a cock and so one of the boys got hold of it as I said
and started jerking it off. Natalie was going nuts. When she finally
came, she ejaculated all over his hand, just like a cock. 

They let her calm down and one of the boys thought it would be cool to
see us together, so first they found some sticks about the size of
baseball bats and told us that if we tried to escape, they would beat
us with the sticks. By now there were maybe fifteen boys - too many to
run from. They took us into the clearing and told us to play with each
other, which we did. We ended up in a 69 with all the boys closely,
and I mean closely, perhaps six inches away, watching us lick each
other's pussy. We were starting to get into it when one of the boys
came back with a big double headed dildo, which had been in the
backpack, and told us to use it. We Switched around until we were
facing each other, sitting on the grass with our legs spread and the
boy fed an end into each of us. They tied one of each of our legs
together, then pulled them as far apart as we could stand with rope,
and tied our hands behind our backs. We had to lean back on our elbows
while the boys pumped the double dong into one pussy then the other.
At the same time another boy used vibrators on our clits and still
another pumped dildos into our asses. We were both in a hell of a
mess. We couldn't even think straight, we were just living from orgasm
to orgasm and our little game had gotten way out of control. Two boys
put their cocks in our mouths and the rest were jerking off over us.
When they finally stopped making us come, we could hardly speak. They
told us they were almost done with us but they wanted us to piss on
each other. Without untying us, they helped me to stand over Natalie
still with out legs tied spread-apart and told me to piss. I told them
I couldn't so one of them swatted me across the ass with a stick, then
another until I was getting a spanking. I finally told them to stop
and let go a stream of urine all over Natalie's tits. They told me not
to stop and grabbed my pussy, moving the stream around to direct it on
her pussy, then on her face. They told her to open her mouth and
diverted it into her mouth. Finally I had no more left and had to
stop. They repeated this with Natalie pissing on me, my pussy, my
tits, my face and into my mouth. When she finished, they all stood
around us and jerked off again, cum hitting us everywhere. After they
had all come, they all pissed on us. We were a mess.

They untied our legs, leaving our arms tied and marched us through the
trees until we came to a river. It was muddy and they made us roll in
the mud until we were covered from head to foot in black, smelly mud.
Then they gave us a dildo each and after untying our arms, made us
make each other come once more, with mud all over and up our pussies.
They took hand fulls of mud and squeezed it up our pussies and over
our tits. When they had finally had enough, they took us to a clean
stream to clean-up. One of the older boys warned us about  reporting
the incident, because they had found my car and had my address from
the registration. They produced a number of photographs they had taken
without our seeing of us 69ing and many of the other depraved things
we did, threatening to make them public - something neither of us
could recover from. They also told us they may be in touch with us if
they had need of our services again. We made our way back to the car,
naked and exhausted. After a hot bath and a good night's sleep we both
felt much better and thought that it really could have been worse.
That was when I got the phone call from one of the older
boys............ 

e-mail: sexykaren@hotmail.com




Karen in Trouble
Karen Task 1

You all heard about my adventure with Natalie when we were both
captured by a gang of youths. It had started as an idea of mine for
some exhibitionistic fun with bondage thrown in, with Natalie hiding
to make sure nothing went wrong. Well, it got out of control and
Natalie was caught and we were at the mercy of these boys, who forced
us to do things we would not have normally done. They also
photographed us doing these things and found where my car was hidden,
so they were able to find my name and address from the registration in
the glove box.

My name is Karen. I am 25 years old, 5' 10" tall with blonde hair. I
measure 35, 23, 34 and keep myself in good shape by exercising
regularly. I have a good job in the city in PR and so I was afraid of
my face being recognized by any of my colleagues in connection with
this little idiosyncrasy of mine.

We had only just arrived home and cleaned ourselves up when I got the
phone call. It was from one of the leaders of the gang - a guy about
22. He informed me that they had 12 good, clear photographs of Natalie
and me in action which they would release to our workplaces if we did
not comply with their plan. This plan was simple. We had to complete a
series of tasks; one for each photograph, which we were to devise,
each being more daring than the last. For the first task, we were
permitted to suggest something which, if it was not considered daring
enough, we could go back and re-think without any implications. After
the first, any task we suggested that was not challenging enough would
have to complete two further tasks. Each task had to be carried out by
one or both of us (our choice) and involve exhibiting ourselves for
the first six and then for the last six, were to involve bondage also.
They all had to involve a sexual situation, which could be just
masturbation, if a willing participant could not be found during the
playing out of the task. We found this out after the phone call. We
were told to drive to the old mine which served as their headquarters
and at which the first escapade occurred. We did this and were met by
two of the younger boys who told us to strip and then blindfolded us.
We were led, naked through the woods to a clearing where the whole
gang was gathered. There were about a hundred youths ranging from
about 12 years old to probably 22 or so. When the blindfolds were
removed, we stood naked before these boys and men. The leader outlined
his plans and asked if we agreed to them. We both agreed that as long
as they did not reveal us to our friends or workmates, we would
comply. It was unnerving for us both to be naked among so many males,
but it was also exciting and I was already getting wet. They had us
both lie down and spread our legs, pulling our pussies open for each
of the boys to come by and examine us both. They were told to look
closely and to touch if they wished. We had our pussies probed with
fingers, tongues (the more adventurous ones) and other items like
carrots, corn and zucchini. By the time they were finished with us, we
had both already orgasmed several times. It was good practice for what
was to come.

We were given some time to come up with the first task and we decided
that since I had gotten us into this mess, I should carry out the
first task. I offered to dress in a thin white tube dress, very tight
and to walk all the way around a local park (about 2 miles) in the
rain. This is a park that is heavily visited and in which cars often
cruise back and forth. I was obliged to respond to any comments or
questions and if possible to allow a man, or more than one to fondle
me in full view. If that could not be arranged, I was to pull up the
hem of the dress by the roadside and finger myself to orgasm. They
agreed that this was a suitable starting point and we were given a
time and day and told that I would be watched. If I acted it out
satisfactorily, I would be given a photograph and allowed time to
think of another task.

Well, of course, we had to wait for a rainy day, but it was summer, so
it was still warm enough. We went into a stretch of low-pressure and
it was forecast to rain for about three days. They picked the middle
of those days, a Thursday, and I was told to carry out my task at
about 5 o-clock rush-hour. I didn't much like that, but I had agreed,
so I bit my tongue and went along with it. Natalie dropped me off just
before 5 in the evening. I had my hair tied back so it would still
look good wet, I was wearing my high-heeled sandals and my dress was
even tighter than I had remembered. I started walking and the rain was
pouring down. In no time, I was soaked. As I expected, the dress was
virtually transparent; my breasts were clearly outlined by the wet
material and my nipples were standing up like pencil erasers. The
aureolae were easily visible through the wet material and it was also
clinging to my ass and my pussy as I walked. I shave my pussy, so
except for a small tuft of hair, which was clearly visible, only the
outline of my pussy lips were obvious as the material stretched  when
I walked.

A man was walking towards me with an umbrella. He stopped and stared,
then looked down as I passed, embarrassed by my display. I kept
walking and heaved a sigh of relief. Cars were slowing to look and I
had only been walking for five minutes. Then one driver wound the
window down and shouted "Show me your cunt!" I realized I had to do as
he said or I may not get my first photograph back, so I pulled up the
front of my dress with both hands and let him look. As he slowly
passed, he was too surprised to say anything else and I pulled it down
again. My heart was beating like a steam-hammer in my chest and I was
wet both inside and out. This was turning out to be one of the most
exciting experiences I had had. I kept walking and the rain began to
slow. Cars were still crawling past but no one else had spoken to me
and I had walked maybe a quarter of the way around. Just then, a
pick-up truck drove up with four guys in the back. They looked like
construction workers going home from work. They all wore yellow slicks
but were otherwise wet. One of them shouted "where are you going?" I
shouted back that I was being picked up on the other side of the park
and they waved me to join them. I clambered aboard and they took off. 

I was sliding around in the back and the guys could easily see my
pussy. in a second, they were all over me. The driver turned off and
we were heading into a secluded area of the park. By now the rain had
stopped and the sun was starting to come out. The truck stopped and
the guys all got out - six in all. They asked me what I was doing and
I told them everything. They told me that they would be happy to
oblige me by taking part and took my dress off. We were in a grassy
area but with the constant rain it had become muddy. They threw me
down in the mud and told me to finger myself. I was so hot and excited
by now that I did so immediately. They all started to strip and were
stroking their cocks watching me. One offered his cock to my mouth and
I sucked it in right away. I felt my hand being wrenched away and a
cock plunging into my wet pussy. It was big but it felt so good. My
breasts were being mauled and I felt a finger sliding up my asshole.
The cock slid out of my pussy and I was lifted bodily onto one of the
guys' pricks and then slowly forced down onto it as it slid up my ass.
Then the cock was replaced in my pussy. I have never had a cock in my
ass and one in my pussy at the same time before and I have never felt
so full. I was bouncing up and down on them both while trying to get a
cock in my mouth. It was then that I felt something hot splashing on
my tits. One of the guys had come on me. The cock in my mouth erupted
and I couldn't swallow it all; it spilled down my chin and onto my
tits. Then the cocks in my pussy and ass both came at the same time.
That sent me over the edge. I was hardly conscious, but I remember
them sticking their cocks in my mouth to clean them off and I was
sucking for all I was worth.

I finally regained my senses, lying there in the mud, my shoes and
dress beside me, covered in cum. It was oozing out of my pussy and out
of my ass. I was still so hot I just rammed two, then three and then
four fingers in and out of my pussy. It was slurping noisily as I was
doing it and it turned me on even more. With my other hand I pushed
two fingers up my ass and fucked myself until I came again. When I
finally calmed down, I looked around me. Half a dozen of the boys were
standing watching. I waved them over and they played with my pussy and
rubbed the cum all over my tits until I came again. They showed me to
a fountain where I cleaned myself off and rinsed my dress out before
putting it back on. One of the boys went to bring Natalie, who helped
me to the car and we drove home.

I'm always a little embarrassed after one of these episodes, but it
awakens the most horny feelings in me and the embarrassment quickly
goes away and I find myself almost addicted to the excitement of it
all. However; I need some help to think up new tasks that will be sexy
enough for these boys. Please help me. Give me some suggestions. I
have to get these photos back.

Sexykaren@hotmail.com




Karen in Trouble
Karen Task 2

As always, this is not intended for under-age people, or for those who
may be offended by frank, sexual situations; it is intended for adults
interested in sexual situations only. If you don't fall into that
category - then it is illegal for you to read this. Go do your
homework and leave this to those of us who can appreciate it!

You heard about my adventure with Natalie when we were both captured
by a gang of youths (Karen and Natalie Captured). It had started as an
idea of mine for some exhibitionistic fun with bondage thrown in, with
Natalie hiding to make sure nothing went wrong. Well, it got out of
control and Natalie was caught and we were at the mercy of these boys,
who forced us to do things we would not have normally done. They also
photographed us doing these things and found where my car was hidden,
so they were able to find my name and address from the registration in
the glove box. 

My name is Karen. I am now 26 years old, 5' 10" tall with blonde hair.
I measure 35, 23, 34 and keep myself in good shape by exercising
regularly. I have a good job in the city in PR and so I was afraid of
my face being recognized by any of my colleagues in connection with
this little idiosyncrasy of mine. We had only just arrived home and
cleaned ourselves up when I got the phone call. It was from one of the
leaders of the gang - a guy about 22. He informed me that they had 12
good, clear photographs of Natalie and me in action, which they would
release to our workplaces if we did not comply with their plan. This
plan was simple. We had to complete a series of tasks; one for each
photograph, which we were to devise, each being more daring than the
last. For the first task, we were permitted to suggest something
which, if it was not considered daring enough, we could go back and
re-think without any implications. After the first, any task we
suggested that was not challenging enough would have to complete two
further tasks. Each task had to be carried out by one or both of us
(our choice) and involve exhibiting ourselves for the first six and
then for the last six, were to involve bondage also. They all had to
involve a sexual situation, which could be just masturbation, if a
willing participant could not be found during the playing out of the
task. 

We found this out after the phone call. We were told to drive to the
old mine later that week, which served as their headquarters and at
which the first escapade occurred. We did this and were met by two of
the younger boys who told us to strip and then blindfolded us. We were
led, naked through the woods to a clearing where the whole gang was
gathered. There were about a hundred youths ranging from about 12
years old to probably 22 or so. When the blindfolds were removed, we
stood naked before these boys and men. The leader outlined his plans
and asked if we agreed to them. We both agreed that as long as they
did not reveal us to our friends or work colleagues, we would comply. 

I had already done the first task which involved getting wet in a
flimsy dress and thereby virtually transparent. The boys enjoyed the
walk in the park idea so much they asked me to do one or two more
tasks involving being wet. Since I knew this had to be even more
daring than the last, and I didn't want to be sent back to do two new
tasks, I came up with something really daring that involved me being
wet again. 

I chose my tightest and thinnest white cotton tank top and put it on
without a bra. I also found a pair of tight, thin white leggings and
removed the lining from around the crotch. I put these on with no
panties. It was a very rainy day, yet it was warm enough to get wet
without being cold. Natalie dropped me off in the center of town and I
walked around until I was really wet. I had pulled my hair back slick
so that I still looked good. Then I got on the subway. You should have
seen the looks I got from the men. Both my top and my pants were
virtually transparent and they could see everything. They were staring
at my tits and my pussy and because I was standing, the guys sitting
down were at exactly the right level to see my pussy in detail through
my leggings. I tried to look embarrassed but resigned to the fact that
I couldn't do anything to help myself. I went two stops then got off
and went outside to get wet again. I repeated this several times and
each time I got hotter than the last - the unknown was the most potent
factor; my heart was constantly beating out of my chest. We were
getting close to rush hour, so I made sure I was as far away from my
place of work as possible and got on again. This time the car was full
and everyone was pressed against each other. I felt someone feel one
of my tits. I was surprised but I didn't react. The hand came back and
felt it again more deliberately this time and then I felt it reach
under my top and rub my bare tit, pinching the nipple. I just sighed
and leant back to let him have more room. Just then, the car stopped
and the lights went out. The driver called over the intercom that
there was a problem and we would be without lights for perhaps twenty
minutes. 

At that, I felt some movement around me and my top was pulled off. It
was pitch black so I had no idea who it was. Hands started playing
with my tits, pulling them and rolling the nipples, then I felt lips
sucking at my right nipple. My pussy was so wet from all this that I
was really wanting it not to stop, but it did and I suddenly felt so
bad. But then I felt the hands hooking under the waistband of my
leggings and then they were ripped down to my ankles. Fingers went to
my pussy but I couldn't open my legs properly so I dropped a shoe and
pulled one foot out to spread my legs as wide as I could. A finger
plunged into my pussy - it felt so good. Then another, then three
fingers were pumping in and out of my sopping pussy. His thumb was
bouncing off my clit and in no time I came. Somehow I managed to keep
quiet, but even I could hear the slurping noise of his fingers in my
pussy and I could smell it too. Surely everyone else could. I felt
around for my top and finally found it and pulled it and my leggings
back on. Just in time too because after a few more minutes, the lights
came on. The train started to move and I looked around to see if I
could see a guilty face, but I couldn't. I got off at the next stop
and went outside to get wet again. 

This time I stayed on the street for a while until I was really
soaked. There was a baseball game on that evening despite the rain
which was starting to ease-off, so I intended to try and be on the
subway when it let out. I walked around and got all kind of comments
from guys; the raunchiest ones from the youngest guys. I walked around
for a while longer and about 15 minutes before the game let out the
skies opened again and I was soaked. I went to a subway station close
to the stadium and it was packed with people, virtually all guys. I
pushed to the end of the platform and waited for the train. By the
time it arrived, there was a huge crowd of young guys waiting and we
all pushed into the last car. The were real noisy and it didn't take
long before some of them noticed me and that I was wet through to such
an extent that my clothes were virtually transparent. They started
whispering among themselves and suddenly I was aware that I was
surrounded by these same men. One of them said he liked my tits. I
reddened and said I had got caught in the rain, but thanks for the
compliment. They formed a ring around me and another asked if I shaved
my pussy, because he said it looked like there was no shadow down
there. I said it was a terrible question to ask me but yes I did. Then
one of them said I should get out of my wet clothes before I caught
pneumonia. I said not to worry - I would be fine, but several of them
held me while one of them pulled my top off. I was now standing
topless on a subway car with all the lights on in front of maybe 50
men. My heart was beating so hard my tits were jiggling and my pussy
was getting real wet. The guys still had hold of me and my leggings
were pulled off. I was now naked. 

It was more than these guys could handle. They all closed in on me and
my arms were held behind me while my legs were pulled apart. Hands
were grasping my tits, squeezing my nipples, which were already hard,
and then I felt fingers exploring my pussy. I heard a voice say "man,
is her cunt ever wet, she's really enjoying this". The irony was, he
was right, I was close to coming when they pulled my top off. The
excitement of being in a situation like this is so electrifying. I was
forced to my knees, my legs still being pulled apart when a cock was
pushed into my face. I was far too gone at this point to argue; I just
gobbled it up and started sucking on it. It was a nice cock, all thick
and heavily veined and hard. One guy dropped to the floor on his back
and pushed his face under my pussy and started licking me out. Three
swipes at my clit and I came right then. I was hoisted up by my arms
and legs, horizontally and the next thing I felt was a cock plunge
into my pussy. Another was offered to my mouth, which I greedily
accepted. Hands were still mauling my tits and rubbing my clit while I
was blowing one cock and fucking the other. Then I felt something
pushing at my ass. 

I tried to relax and let it in. I had thought it was another cock but
that would have been difficult in that position, not that I could
figure that out then; but it was a finger, thrusting in and out, then
it was two. I can't explain the feeling of being touched by so many
hands and cocks; it is like you surrender yourself to an almost
existential force and just let it go. Of course, I was having multiple
orgasms by now and so I really was not thinking analytically. The cock
in my pussy was pumping for all it was worth and then it released a
huge load of cum into me. Shortly after that the one in my mouth came
too. I couldn't swallow all of it, so some spilled down my chin. Two
more cocks replaced the spent ones and away we went again, but by now
all the guys had their cocks out and were pumping them. By the time
the two inside me came again, there was cum flying from every
direction and landing on me. I was covered in it. 

My pussy was oozing cum and there was cum all over my face, in my
hair, all over my tits and stomach, and down both legs. I was just
heaving a sigh of relief when a stiff cock was unceremoniously rammed
up my ass. It seemed that a new crew took over - I was aware of being
handed off to different hands and them more cum splashing over me. The
cock up my ass was moving faster and faster and then it came up my ass
with the force of ten men. We must have been getting close to their
station stop because they suddenly deposited me on the floor and
bolted for the doors. I think the car must have been pretty much empty
and I was still lying there when I was aware of an old homeless guy
leaning over me wiping the cum around my tits, then feeling up my
sopping wet pussy. I was still so hot that he made me come again with
his fingers. Someone moved him on and I looked up to see one of the
boys from the gang. He and several of his friends had been following
me and had seen everything. They helped me clean up and dress and we
left. When I finally arrived home, there was a photograph which had
been pushed under my door. Oh well, I've only got ten more of these to
do. If you want to e-mail me with any suggestions for future
scenarios, please do - I'm running out of ideas and I've got to get
these photographs back!

Love, Karen
Sexykaren@hotmail.com 




Karen in Trouble
Karen Task 3

As always, this is not intended for under-age people, or for those who
may be offended by frank, sexual situations; it is intended for adults
interested in sexual situations only.  If you don't fall into that
category - then it is illegal for you to read this. Go do your
homework and leave this to those of us who can appreciate it!

You all heard about my adventure with Natalie when we were both
captured by a gang of youths (Karen and Natalie Captured). It had
started as an idea of mine for some exhibitionistic fun with bondage
thrown in, with Natalie hiding to make sure nothing went wrong. Well,
it got out of control; Natalie was caught and we were at the mercy of
these boys, who forced us to do things we would not have normally
done. They also photographed us doing these things and found where my
car was hidden, so they were able to find my name and address from the
registration in the glove box.

My name is Karen. I am 26 years old, 5' 10" tall with blonde hair. I
measure 35, 23, 34 and keep myself in good shape by exercising
regularly. I have a good job in the city in PR and so I was afraid of
my face being recognized by any of my colleagues in connection with
this little idiosyncrasy of mine.

We had only just arrived home and cleaned ourselves up when I got the
phone call. It was from one of the leaders of the gang - a guy about
22. He informed me that they had 12 good, clear photographs of Natalie
and me in action that they would release to our workplaces if we did
not comply with their plan. This plan was simple. We had to complete a
series of tasks; one for each photograph, which we were to devise,
each being more daring than the last. For the first task, we were
permitted to suggest something which, if it was not considered daring
enough, we could go back and re-think without any implications. After
the first, any task we suggested that was not challenging enough would
have to complete two further tasks. Each task had to be carried out by
one or both of us (our choice) and involve exhibiting ourselves for
the first six and then for the last six, were to involve bondage also.
They all had to involve a sexual situation, which could be just
masturbation, if a willing participant could not be found during the
playing out of the task. We found this out after the phone call. We
were told to drive to the old mine later that week, which served as
their gang headquarters and at which the first escapade occurred. We
did this and were met by two of the younger boys who told us to strip
and then blindfolded us. We were led, naked through the woods to a
clearing where the whole gang was gathered. There were about a hundred
youths ranging from about 12 years old to probably 22 or so. When the
blindfolds were removed, we stood naked before these boys and men. The
leader outlined his plans and asked if we agreed to them. We both
agreed that as long as they did not reveal us to our friends or people
we work with, we would comply. 

I had already done the first task involving getting wet in a flimsy
dress and thereby virtually transparent (Karen in trouble - Task 1). I
followed this up with a more daring scenario in the city during a
rainstorm (Karen in trouble - Task 2). 

My next scenario involved an adult theater on the opposite side of
town from where I work. I knew that it ran hardcore movies and it
appeared to be quite small but I had never been inside. That was going
to change today. It was cool and overcast outside and so I was wearing
my raincoat. I had considered wearing nothing under it, but I believe
that being scantily dressed is often more erotic than being nude, so I
was wearing just lacy, black underwear together with a matching garter
belt, black stockings and black high heels. 

I walked in and bought a ticket at the window and quickly moved
through the double doors into the body of the theater. It was very
dark inside and I could not see any seats; I waited until my vision
improved before moving toward the rear of the seats. It was then that
I realized that although the movie was playing, almost all of the
faces of the audience had turned to watch me. I quickly took a seat in
an empty row, wondering if this had been such a good idea.

The theater was small. It had perhaps twenty rows of seats, each row
with about ten seats either side of the center aisle. Below the screen
was a small stage, maybe five feet wide and elevated about four feet
high. The first row was jammed up against this stage. I assumed that
this feature dated back to the theater's vaudeville heritage. The
audience comprised maybe thirty or so and they re-directed their
attention back to the movie after I had sat down, but every so often,
a head would turn to check out what I was doing.

After maybe ten minutes, the movie started to get interesting: a young
woman, who had been walking though the woods, was being stalked by a
gang of youths. Too late she realized that she was surrounded. Her
hands were tied and the rope thrown over a tree branch. It was secured
at the ground so that she had to stretch to keep her feet on the
ground. Some gang members started a fire close to the point where the
woman stood, providing not just heat, but light. Another gang member
returned with a straight, strong branch about five feet long, to which
her feet were tied, one at each end. Someone produced a sharp knife
and began slicing her clothes away, the first pieces stuffed in her
mouth to quiet her screams. Soon she was left with only her black
underwear. Her bra was then carefully removed and the gang started
touching her breasts, rubbing them, feeling them, squeezing them, and
finally, pinching their nipples. When they were done with her breasts,
her panties were sliced away. Her legs had already been stretched wide
apart to secure her feet to the wooden branch, so her pussy was open
to them.

As I watched, spellbound, I could feel my own nipples hardening and my
pussy getting wet. This is a particularly strong symbolism for me, as
I like to be taken while I am helpless. It is something that was
defined in my teenage years, but that's another story. Nonetheless, my
eyes were now riveted to the screen. The youths were feeling her pussy
now, probing with their fingers. In spite of her predicament, or maybe
because of it, she was getting wet, as was I. The more these youths
defiled her body, the hotter I became. I realized that now was the
time to act, and so I stood up, my heart pounding and walked to the
front of the theater, just below the screen. I lifted myself onto the
small stage so that I was sitting on the edge, my legs hanging over
the front. I unbuttoned my raincoat and shrugged it off, now sitting
there in just my lacy black underwear.

For a long moment there was silence other than the movie sound track
and nobody moved. My pussy started really gushing wetness, I was
really hot, being the center of attention. Then I reached behind me
and unsnapped my bra, letting it fall to the floor. My tits spilled
out; they are not huge, but they are big enough and they are firm. The
nipples point upwards when I am turned on and get as hard as pencil
erasers, and I was turned on now!

Three young guys in the front row jumped up and pushed me back,
groping my tits in much the same way as had happened in the movie,
which was still running. I felt my ankles grasped and lifted as my
panties were torn off. My legs were spread (thank heavens for the
ballet lessons as a kid!) and someone reached to either side of my
pussy lips and opened them. Someone produced a flashlight and shone it
up my pussy. My juices trickled out, down my ass and on to the stage.
A finger was inserted, then two were pumped in and out, then to be
replaced by three. The squelching noise of the fingers plunging in and
out of my pussy was clearly audible. Something was brushing my
clitoris; I wasn't sure whether it was a finger or a tongue - I just
remember it felt good!

The fingers were removed and replaced by a good-sized cock. It felt so
good. I was aware of bodies all over now. A cock was offered to my
mouth, which I eagerly sucked in. After a very short time, the cock in
my pussy started to jerk and that started my orgasm, so he pulled out
and came all over my tits. I was moved to an upright position as
someone lay beside me. I was then positioned over the cock and slid
down onto it. Someone reached around my front for a handful of cum off
my tits and I felt a cock poking at my ass. It slid in easily - I
guess that's what the cum was for. The cock had been replaced in my
mouth and was unceremoniously pulled out an instant before it erupted
in my face, running down my chin and onto my tits. As I looked up at
the screen, I realized that I was having the same done to me as the
woman in the movie. There were cocks everywhere, cumming either in my
face, in my cunt, up my ass or down my tits. It was wonderful. I kept
cumming and cumming until I lost all track of time and reality.

I must have virtually passed out from the intensity of my last orgasm
because when I came back to my senses, two young guys started helping
me to the fire door and I was pushed out of it stark naked except for
my stockings and shoes, still covered in cum. I was in an alleyway
beside the theater, but only a few feet from the street and by now it
was close to rush hour and the streets were getting crowded. I
panicked for a moment, but then I saw a garbage dumpster, so I quickly
ran around it to hide behind it. 

Unfortunately, I picked the wrong place, because there were half a
dozen young guys back there doing who knows what. When they saw me
they looked astonished, but quickly grabbed me and started feeling up
my tits; the nipples were still hard from the theater. The door opened
again and my raincoat was thrown out through the door and on to the
ground. It was too late to help me at that point. By now, two of the
guys held one of my arms each and two held an ankle each, pulling them
well apart. That opened up my pussy again and it was well stretched by
the going over in the theater, so it felt like it was gaping open. In
fact I recall one of them remarking that my pussy was wide open. The
remaining two started playing with my pussy, which was still leaking
cum along with my juices. One of them held me even further open while
the other pushed three, then four fingers in. He was being helped by
the two holding my ankles apart and in no time at all he had managed
to get his entire fist in me. Meanwhile the two holding my arms were
rubbing my tits and pinching my nipples. Once the one guy had his fist
in me, there was no reason to hold my ankles because I couldn't close
my legs, and anyway, he was moving his fist around inside me, opening
his fingers and pushing further in. He went in so far, I don't think
I've ever been penetrated so deep. I felt him pushing against my
cervix and that was when my first orgasm started.

One of the two who had been holding my ankles went around my back and
pushed me over so I was bent forward, still with a fist in me, and I
felt something slide in my ass. He started pumping my ass, which
together with the fist in my pussy made me feel like I was so full,
something was going to pop. It did! The cock in my ass exploded and he
pulled out to shoot all over my ass and back. As I opened my mouth to
say something, I got another cock rammed in it, followed by another
one up my ass, while the fist was still pumping in and out of my
pussy. They each fucked my ass and I think that four of them in turn
rammed a fist up my pussy. When they had finished with me, I had had
another bunch of orgasms, all kind of building to a hazy almost
continuous orgasm. They laid me down on the ground behind the garbage
dumpster. By now I was covered in even more cum again and they stood
over me as the aftershocks of my orgasms were still wracking my body,
causing me to writhe in the dirt and garbage. All six of them pissed
on me as I lay there on the garbage strewn ground. My legs were wide
open and they made me hold my pussy open, exposing my clitoris, so
they could piss on it. I was wet through when they had finished with
me; even my hair and my mouth tasted of cum and piss. Fortunately, it
had just started to rain, so I was able to clean off in the rain after
they had left. I grabbed my coat, put it on and made for the closest
subway stop to go home, take a long hot bath and sleep. I found my
underwear in the pockets on the way home and the next morning, an
envelope had been pushed under my door containing photograph number 3.

This is the third of my "tasks" completed. I have three more
exhibitionist tasks yet to do and then six more with bondage added to
the exhibitionism. If anyone has any ideas for a task, please drop me
an e-mail to sexykaren@hotmail.com. I can't promise a response, but
I'll try. In any event, please don't ask for photos - that's how I got
in this mess in the first place.

Love to you all - Karen 




Karen in Trouble
Karen Task 4

As always, this is not intended for under-age people, or for those who
may be offended by frank, sexual situations; it is intended for adults
interested in sexual situations only.  If you don't fall into that
category - go do your homework or leave this to those of us who can
appreciate this kind of thing!

You all heard about my adventure with Natalie when we were both
captured by a gang of youths (Karen and Natalie Captured). It had
started as an idea of mine for some exhibitionistic fun with bondage
thrown in, with Natalie hiding to make sure nothing went wrong. Well,
it got out of control; Natalie was caught and we were at the mercy of
these boys, who forced us to do things we would not have normally
done. They also photographed us doing these things and found where my
car was hidden, so they were able to find my name and address from the
registration in the glove box.

My name is Karen. I am 26 years old, 5' 10" tall with blonde hair. I
measure 35, 23, 34 and keep myself in good shape by exercising
regularly. I have a good job in the city in PR and so I was afraid of
my face being recognized by any of my colleagues in connection with
this little idiosyncrasy of mine.

We had only just arrived home and cleaned ourselves up when I got the
phone call. It was from one of the leaders of the gang - a guy about
22. He informed me that they had 12 good, clear photographs of Natalie
and me in action that they would release to our workplaces if we did
not comply with their plan. This plan was simple. We had to complete a
series of tasks; one for each photograph, which we were to devise,
each being more daring than the last. For the first task, we were
permitted to suggest something which, if it was not considered daring
enough, we could go back and re-think without any implications. After
the first, any task we suggested that was not challenging enough would
have to complete two further tasks. Each task had to be carried out by
one or both of us (our choice) and involve exhibiting ourselves for
the first six and then for the last six, were to involve bondage also.
They all had to involve a sexual situation, which could be just
masturbation, if a willing participant could not be found during the
playing out of the task. We found this out after the phone call. We
were told to drive to the old mine later that week, which served as
their gang headquarters and at which the first escapade occurred. We
did this and were met by two of the younger boys who told us to strip
and then blindfolded us. We were led, naked through the woods to a
clearing where the whole gang was gathered. There were about a hundred
youths ranging from about 12 years old to probably 22 or so. When the
blindfolds were removed, we stood naked before these boys and men. The
leader outlined his plans and asked if we agreed to them. We both
agreed that as long as they did not reveal us to our friends or people
we work with, we would comply. 

I had already done the first task involving getting wet in a flimsy
dress and thereby virtually transparent (Karen in trouble - Task 1). I
followed this up with a more daring scenario in the city during a
rainstorm (Karen in trouble - Task 2). After that, I visited an adult
theater on the other side of town (Karen in trouble - Task 3).

Natalie and I decided to take a break and head down to Florida for
some sun, sand and surf. We flew down to Fort Lauderdale and checked
into a beachside hotel - not too expensive, but good enough to keep
the bugs away. We rented a mustang convertible; a hot, red one and I
just knew we were going to have fun with it.

The weather was great and we hit the beach during the days. I was
having fun with my briefest white string bikini, from which I had
removed the lining. As we sat in the sun, the heat and humidity made
us sweat real fast and my top was pretty well transparent. As the
beads of sweat ran down to my bottoms, they were starting to get wet
and it too was getting see-through. Natalie kept telling me I was
asking for trouble but I really didn't think so. You should have seen
the crowd of guys who seemed to like our patch of beach. Their eyes
were glued to my body and I just made like I hadn't noticed my little
show. I just yawned as though I was drowsy and stretched out on the
lounger. As I did, I opened my legs more and I felt this stretch the
material tighter across my pussy lips. I was wearing dark sunglasses
so I could peep out without being too obvious and several of the guys
were staring intently at my crotch. I figured what the hell, and I
reached down and slipped my hand under the material as if to scratch
an itch (I usually have one there). I was not too careful about
rearranging the crotch of my briefs afterwards, leaving; I hoped a
small gap at the side, for one pussy lip to be visible. The guys were
falling over themselves to get a better view.

Anyway, a few days of this and I was getting hot for some action; so
was Natalie. We had spent our evenings visiting the bars and down
there, they sometimes get quite raunchy. We had seen a couple of wet
T-shirt contests and frankly, the girls, although pretty, had no
imagination and put on really lame dance routines. Friday night is the
big wet T-shirt night, so I talked Natalie into entering with me as a
twosome. After all, she had gotten off pretty light, given that, as I
reminded her, it was her clumsiness in getting caught that got us into
the mess with the pictures. She finally agreed to what I had in mind
and we made a call to the gang to tell them when and where.

We spent the days working on our tans and getting hornier by the day.
Finally Friday arrived. We had selected one of the larger bars and had
struck up a friendship with the owner. We had entered our names along
with some vague ideas as to what we might do. He had told us that if
things ever start getting out of hand, he prearranges for a signal to
be given to call a halt and if that signal is not given, he simply
locks the doors and posts a "Private Party" notice in order to stay on
the right side of the law.

When we arrived, the place was really starting to fill. I would guess
it could hold about 200 people. The first round had us with about 25
girls. Each would have her T-shirt wetted down and walk down a catwalk
and back. I didn't think we would have a problem getting through to
the next round, so we both just wore regular bikini bottoms and a
cotton T, as did most of the other contestants. The audience seemed to
like us and so we were on to the next round, having shown less than
I'd been showing on the beach every day! Nine other girls made it
through with us and the odds were getting tighter. Natalie and I both
changed into sheer nylon panties and thin, tighter tops for the next
round. This time, when our tops were wetted, they became much more
transparent and so did the bottoms. The audience went crazy when we
turned to face them, our tits and pussies both so clearly visible, so
we got through to the finals.

By now, my pussy was really getting wet and Natalie looked flushed
from the excitement. There were now four other girls. The final round
called for another soaking then a short dance. The winner would then
be picked by noise of the applause. We elected to go on last. Each of
the other girls were getting more serious now, but did little more
than lift their tops during the dance routine. As we started dancing,
Natalie pulled my top right off and so I feigned alarm, but pulled
hers off too. Now we were both topless. As though she was annoyed at
my actions, Natalie pulled me to the floor of the stage and pulled my
panties off. She then spread my legs so that my pussy was opened for
all to see. I managed to break her hold on me and ripped her panties
off; then I bent her back so her ass was in the air and I pushed two
fingers into her pussy. The crowd, thinking this was a real catfight
was screaming all kinds of things at us to encourage us to keep going.
Natalie managed to flip me over onto my back and forced my arm up my
back. Now she had me at her mercy. She slid me to the edge of the
stage and shouted for me to open my legs. With more pressure on my
arm, I did so, making it look like this was under duress. She called
for a couple of good-looking guys in the front row to move closer.
They needed no encouragement. She told them what to do: one was to
hold my legs open and the other was to pull my pussy lips apart. They
did this and my pussy was opened wide for everyone to see. The guy
spreading my pussy didn't even wait to be invited; he just pushed his
face into it and started licking my clitoris, which felt like it was
fully hard. It felt so good. As soon as the crowd saw this, guys were
all over the stage. The owner caught my eye for me to give him the
signal but I shook my head to allow it to continue. He moved off to
lock the doors.

Natalie was flipped off me and onto her back beside me. At once,
someone started licking her pussy as others were rubbing her tits and
squeezing the nipples. I had a whole gang of guys around me, hands
squeezing my tits and teasing the nipples to get even harder. Several
fingers were being poked up my pussy and one even up my ass. I called
out for a cock to go in my mouth and in no time, I had a cock in my
mouth and one in each hand. I sucked and jerked the cocks as best I
could but all that licking of my clit had me headed over the edge.
Just then, a cock was slid up my pussy. It was perfect timing. With
the pent-up energy of the last few days, I yelled at the top of my
lungs as I came, just in time to get a face full of cum from one of
the cocks in my hands. 

A couple of the other contestants, who had been standing at the side
of the stage watching decided to join in and I vaguely noticed their
clothes being ripped off by guys on stage. By then it was everyone for
themselves. I kept feeling cum splattering on me, but there was always
a different cock in my pussy to keep me cumming. By the time I was
flipped over and sat onto a stiff cock, I was hardly aware of the cock
pushing against my asshole, but when it slid in and pumped in rhythm
to the one in my pussy, I was almost out of it. Natalie was moaning
beside me so I looked to see if she was getting the same thing. I
noticed guys trying to get their tongues around her clit, because
Natalie has the biggest clit I've ever seen. It's almost like a small
cock. Guys were sucking on it while others were fucking her. 

At one point I remember a guy scooping a handful of cum off my tits
and pouring it in my mouth. Since I love the taste of it, I drank it
down greedily. This fuck-fest must have gone on for an hour before it
slowed. We were a mess. There was cum everywhere; I was lying in pools
of it and it was all over me by the time the owner called a halt, but
I never felt better. I looked over at Natalie and she was in a worse
state than I was. I've never seen so much cum! I shouted for the
remaining guys to watch as I laid back on stage with my legs spread
and I lifted my ass off the stage. I could feel my pussy lips were
wide open and I pushed the cum out of me. It ran out in two long
streams, almost like pissing; one out of my pussy and one out of my
ass. The guys cheered and applauded.

The owner grabbed the mike and asked the crowd who should win and the
roar of "Karen and Natalie" was deafening. He then asked them if he
should bring us back the next night and again a resounding "Yes" left
no doubt. He said he would try to convince us, but for now it was all
over. Since the club was on the beach, we asked the owner if we could
wash off in the ocean and he told us to go ahead. We just walked out
and onto the beach naked and ran to the water. People were walking
around but they were all young and no police (we had checked). We
finished up and ran back through the small crowd that had gathered,
getting groped along the way to the club, went in, dried off and
dressed. 

On the way out we promised the owner we would return and let him have
some fun, but that's another story. When we reached the hotel, there
was a photograph in an envelope pushed under the door. Photo number 4
was in our possession.    

This is my fourth "task" completed. I now must do two more
exhibitionist tasks and then the fun really starts because I need to
do six more with bondage added to the exhibitionism and they are going
to need to be pretty daring. If anyone has any ideas for a scenario,
please drop me an e-mail to sexykaren@hotmail.com. I can't promise a
response, but I'll try. In any event, please don't ask for a photo -
that's how I got in this mess in the first place.

Love to you all - Karen 




Karen in Trouble
Karen Task 5

As always, this is not intended for under-age people, or for those who
may be offended by frank, sexual situations; it is intended for adults
interested in sexual situations only.  If you don't fall into that
category - go do your homework or leave this to those of us who can
appreciate this kind of thing!

You all heard about my adventure with Natalie when we were both
captured by a gang of youths (Karen and Natalie Captured). It had
started as an idea of mine for some exhibitionistic fun with bondage
thrown in, with Natalie hiding to make sure nothing went wrong. Well,
it got out of control; Natalie was caught and we were at the mercy of
these boys, who forced us to do things we would not have normally
done. They also photographed us doing these things and found where my
car was hidden, so they were able to find my name and address from the
registration in the glove box.

My name is Karen. I am 26 years old, 5' 10" tall with blonde hair. I
measure 35, 23, 34 and keep myself in good shape by exercising
regularly. I have a good job in the city in PR and so I was afraid of
my face being recognized by any of my colleagues in connection with
this little idiosyncrasy of mine.

We had only just arrived home and cleaned ourselves up when I got the
phone call. It was from one of the leaders of the gang - a guy about
22. He informed me that they had 12 good, clear photographs of Natalie
and me in action that they would release to our workplaces if we did
not comply with their plan. This plan was simple. We had to complete a
series of tasks; one for each photograph, which we were to devise,
each being more daring than the last. For the first task, we were
permitted to suggest something which, if it was not considered daring
enough, we could go back and re-think without any implications. After
the first, any task we suggested that was not challenging enough would
have to complete two further tasks. Each task had to be carried out by
one or both of us (our choice) and involve exhibiting ourselves for
the first six and then for the last six, were to involve bondage also.
They all had to involve a sexual situation, which could be just
masturbation, if a willing participant could not be found during the
playing out of the task. We found this out after the phone call. We
were told to drive to the old mine later that week, which served as
their gang headquarters and at which the first escapade occurred. We
did this and were met by two of the younger boys who told us to strip
and then blindfolded us. We were led, naked through the woods to a
clearing where the whole gang was gathered. There were about a hundred
youths ranging from about 12 years old to probably 22 or so. When the
blindfolds were removed, we stood naked before these boys and men. The
leader outlined his plans and asked if we agreed to them. We both
agreed that as long as they did not reveal us to our friends or people
we work with, we would comply. 

I had already done the first task involving getting wet in a flimsy
dress and thereby virtually transparent (Karen in trouble - Task 1). I
followed this up with a more daring scenario in the city during a
rainstorm (Karen in trouble - Task 2). After that, I visited an adult
theater on the other side of town (Karen in trouble - Task 3). The
next scenario was a wet T-shirt contest in Fort Lauderdale during our
recent vacation there (Karen in trouble - Task 4). We are now faced
with two more exhibitionist tasks before we get into the one's
involving bondage.

I had found the best way to show off without it appearing to be
deliberate is during rainstorms. Wearing something flimsy and then
getting wet is unfortunate, but quite plausible. However, the next
scenario I was working on actually came as the combination of a
suggestion from one of you and a twist of my own and for this I didn't
want to appear to be accidentally undressed.

I just wore a sexy set of underwear I have had for a while. It
consisted of a bright red bra and panties, very flimsy and completely
see-through. With it I wore high heel pumps and matching thigh-high
stockings. I had Natalie drop me off close to a truck-stop diner and
waited for the right situation to present itself.

Now this was in the summer, just recently, around 6:30 or so in the
evening, so it was still light. I ran across the road after Natalie
had dropped me off. We had already discovered that all of the truckers
were in the diner. I hid between the trucks, until the right looking
guy showed up. He was about 30, probably 6'3", with long hair and
wearing a muscle shirt, jeans and cowboy boots.

As he dropped from the cab, I peered out from behind his truck, long
enough for him to see that I was there, but not so long that he got a
good look. He walked towards me so I tried to hide, a little
half-heartedly. Although I knew he would find me it was so exciting.
My heart was thumping but it didn't take him long to catch me. When he
finally saw me, his eyes went from my face to my tits and then to my
pussy within like half a second. My outfit was totally transparent. He
asked me what I was doing and I told him I had lost a bet and I was
required to get home any way I could, dressed this way. He looked me
up and down again and told me it should be no problem. He said his
name was Jack, asked me my name, which I told him and then he took
hold of my arm and pulled me towards the truck stop. I made like I was
trying to pull away, but he had me. He pushed me through the door and
shouted to the group of truckers to attract their attention. He didn't
need to. They had already noticed me, and how! He told them my story
and suggested to them that together they may be able to agree a
suitable price to get me home without any further difficulty. I asked
them what they had in mind, my heart thumping, and after they
conferred for a moment, said that I was to let them do what they
wished to me for one hour. I reluctantly agreed.

They cleared a table and had me stand on it, with men all around -
perhaps 30 of them. By now my heart was pounding hard. All of this
time I had had my hands covering my tits and pussy as best I could.
They told me to remove my hands. I took my hand and arm away from my
tits, but I told them I couldn't take my other hand away. They said I
was in for a long walk and that they would be sure to let the police
know where I was, and why. So I moved my other hand. They asked me to
remove the bra. I tried to look embarrassed, although I was already
starting to get wet, but I did as I was told. My nipples were rock
hard and it was obvious I was turned-on. They told me then to remove
the panties, and I gave them a hard time, but they threatened me with
the police again, so I took them off. As I did so juice was running
down my legs, I was so hot. I was hoping they would not see this.
However, they next had me sit on the table and spread my legs wide
apart.  Of course, when I did this, I felt my pussy lips open and as I
looked down, I saw several drops of my juices run out and on to the
table surface, white and milky. One man in the front reached across
and wiped it up with his fingers and tasted it. 

It really is the most exciting experience to do this kind of thing in
front of a group of men. My hands were shaking, but I was loving it.
After they saw my juices flowing, my secret was no more. They had me
hold my pussy wide open and after a little while, after they had all
tried to peer in, told me to put my finger in and play with myself.
Then they had me put another, then three in. When they told me to put
another finger in I was already feeling the beginnings of an orgasm. I
was pumping four fingers in and out when one of the truckers licked
his fingers and started rubbing my clit. I soon came with a loud cry.
They had me lie back and force all my juice out - I can do that quite
easily - so a long stream trickled out onto waiting fingers.

There was no holding them back after that. There were fingers in my
pussy, massaging my clitoris, hands groping my tits and squeezing my
nipples. Another orgasm was already building when two sets of hands
opened my pussy wide enough for someone to ram something in. I looked
down and saw that it was a beer bottle. He inserted the neck all the
way in to its shoulders and was trying to get the whole thing in; it
was starting to hurt. I was just about to ask him to stop when my tits
were being squeezed, my nipples pinched and someone started massaging
my clit. I came with a cry and as my pussy relaxed a little more, the
bottle slid in all the way. Someone pulled it out, reversed it and
slid it back in, where they left it. It looked really strange, with
the neck of the bottle sticking out. Then someone popped another beer
and started pouring it into the bottle in my pussy. Beer was pouring
out over the table as guys were trying to get their mouths under it. 

They suddenly flipped me onto my back; legs still spread and removed
the bottle. Two of them held my pussy open while another poured beer
into it. Then they tilted me more forward while several guys took
turns in drinking the beer from my pussy. When I was empty, they
filled me up again until the bottle was empty. Then someone took
another beer bottle, popped the top, then held his thumb over the top
and shook it up. When it was all shook up, he pushed it into my pussy
and let his thumb off, so it all frothed up my pussy and spurted out
the sides, making loud farting noises. I wasn't even thinking of being
embarrassed because the bubbles were making me cum again and I sank
back leaving beer froth pouring out.

By now a number of the truckers had their cocks out and one was
positioned beside my mouth. I gobbled it in quickly and sucked on it
as hard as I could. I felt something hard pushed into my pussy and
looked down to find it was a large cucumber someone had found in the
kitchen. He pushed it all the way in until I had taken almost all of
it, but it would go in no further and I told them I couldn't take any
more. One of the truckers started pumping it in and out of me slowly
while another poured cooking oil over it and into my pussy. I next
felt something sliding into my asshole and when I looked, I found it
was a big candle. I must have looked pretty strange with a cock in my
mouth, a cucumber up my pussy and a candle hanging out of my asshole,
but it was all starting to feel good again, now that the cucumber was
well lubricated and every time it slid in, it rubbed against my clit.
Someone had started moving the candle in and out of my ass and I felt
something warm and wet running down the crack of my ass. I assumed it
was more of the cooking oil to lubricate my ass. It was all starting
to build again and suddenly the cock in my mouth erupted down my
throat. 

I sucked and swallowed but I didn't get all of it and cum spilled out
the sides of my mouth. Just then I was splattered with more cum from
two guys standing either side of me. It went all over my face and
tits.

The cucumber was suddenly pulled out of my pussy with a load "plop"
and a hard cock was put in its place - it felt much better and a
moment later the candle was pulled out and another cock pushed in my
ass. When a big, black cock was put in my mouth and they all started
moving in and out, I started to lose it. I know I was moaning and
begging for more. They all kept going until, the cock in my mouth
erupted. Again I tried to swallow it, but there was so much cum and I
was so turned on I couldn't stop moving and crying out, so I lost a
lot of it down my face. The cocks in my pussy and asshole came almost
together. They pulled out and were both immediately replaced by two
more. I had been on the verge of cumming when they pulled out so I was
moaning for more, but it didn't take long before they had me back on
the edge and this time we all came together as I screamed. 

Jack went back to his truck and returned with his dog, a big rough
looking animal. They held my arms behind me and spread my legs wide so
that my pussy was open and brought the dog over. It started sniffing
at my pussy and then began licking it. Its tongue was so big and wet
and hot and it was rough, but every time it licked my pussy, its
tongue rubbed over my clit. Its tongue was also pushing further into
my pussy and I've never felt anything like it before. It was driving
me crazy and yet I knew I shouldn't be enjoying it. It was after all
an animal licking my pussy while I was being held helpless. They
flipped me back more and then the dog was able to lick all the way
across my asshole and my pussy and my clit every stroke. That was when
I lost it and came again, the best ever. I almost lost consciousness
it was so intense. I know I was crying for more and I think if he
hadn't pulled it off, I would have let it fuck me, I was so far gone.

After that point it is all a haze. I remember being taken back into
the kitchen, lifted into the big dish sink and showered from head to
foot. There were a lot of guys helping to wash me off, paying a lot of
attention to my tits, but even more to my pussy. They were all soaping
up their fingers and wiping out the inside of my pussy, then rinsing
them off until I was clean, over and over again until I was cumming
again. Anyway, true to their word, they finally dried me off, put my
underwear back on and carried me out to one of the trucks. From there
I was taken back to the spot where I had arranged to meet Natalie. She
drove me home and when I opened the door, photograph 5 was in an
envelope, slipped under it.


This is my fifth "task" completed. I now must do one more
exhibitionist tasks and then its really going to get serious because I
need to do six more with bondage added to the exhibitionism and they
are going to need to be pretty daring. If anyone has any ideas for a
scenario, please drop me an e-mail to sexykaren@hotmail.com. I can't
promise a response, but I'll try. In any event, please don't ask for
photos - that's how I got in this mess in the first place.

Love to you all - Karen 




Karen in Trouble
Karen Task 6

As always, this is not intended for under-age people, or for those who
may be offended by frank, sexual situations; it is intended for adults
interested in sexual situations only.  If you don't fall into that
category - then it is illegal for you to read this. Go do your
homework and leave this to those of us who can appreciate it!

You all heard about my adventure with Natalie when we were both
captured by a gang of youths (Karen and Natalie Captured). It had
started as an idea of mine for some exhibitionistic fun with bondage
thrown in, with Natalie hiding to make sure nothing went wrong. Well,
it got out of control; Natalie was caught and we were at the mercy of
these boys, who forced us to do things we would not have normally
done. They also photographed us doing these things and found where my
car was hidden, so they were able to find my name and address from the
registration in the glove box.

My name is Karen. I am 26 years old, 5' 10" tall with blonde hair. I
measure 35, 23, 34 and keep myself in good shape by exercising
regularly. I have a good job in the city in PR and so I was afraid of
my face being recognized by any of my colleagues in connection with
this little idiosyncrasy of mine.

We had only just arrived home and cleaned ourselves up when I got the
phone call. It was from one of the leaders of the gang - a guy about
22. He informed me that they had 12 good, clear photographs of Natalie
and me in action that they would release to our workplaces if we did
not comply with their plan. This plan was simple. We had to complete a
series of tasks; one for each photograph, which we were to devise,
each being more daring than the last. For the first task, we were
permitted to suggest something which, if it was not considered daring
enough, we could go back and re-think without any implications. After
the first, any task we suggested that was not challenging enough would
have to complete two further tasks. Each task had to be carried out by
one or both of us (our choice) and involve exhibiting ourselves for
the first six and then for the last six, were to involve bondage also.
They all had to involve a sexual situation, which could be just
masturbation, if a willing participant could not be found during the
playing out of the task. We found this out after the phone call. We
were told to drive to the old mine later that week, which served as
their gang headquarters and at which the first escapade occurred. We
did this and were met by two of the younger boys who told us to strip
and then blindfolded us. We were led, naked through the woods to a
clearing where the whole gang was gathered. There were about a hundred
youths ranging from about 12 years old to probably 22 or so. When the
blindfolds were removed, we stood naked before these boys and men. The
leader outlined his plans and asked if we agreed to them. We both
agreed that as long as they did not reveal us to our friends or people
we work with, we would comply. 

I had already done the first five tasks involving getting wet in a
flimsy dress,  getting wet in a rainstorm then going on the subway,
the porn theatre, the wet T-shirt bar in Florida and the truck stop.
 
My next, and final exhibitionist task was a problem to come up with
and that is why it has taken so long for me to finally bring it to
you. It was so much of a problem that I had to ask for some help from
the gang. Finally, one of the boys had been doing some work with
radio-controlled cars and had an idea for me. He said he thought he
could come up with a radio-controlled device that would pop the
fasteners on a properly constructed bikini. The more I thought about
it, the hotter I got. I found a very skimpy bikini with snap-fasteners
between the bra cups and on either side of the briefs. I gave them to
him and within a couple of weeks, he returned them to me, assuring me
that it had been tested.

We now had to decide on the most appropriate place to hold this task
and it seemed a good idea to pick a water park. Fortunately I knew of
one far enough away that I was unlikely to be seen by anyone I knew.
In fact, this place had a reputation for being used mainly by college
kids, who got quite rough in their pranks, so families tended to avoid
it, and that was just fine with me.

Because I had already involved the gang in this, a number of them
wanted to be there to see for themselves. We chose a scorchingly hot
day in the middle of the week, to avoid the weekend crowd, but also
because I had heard that one of the college guys was getting married
and they were going to get a head start on the stag. I arrived at
about 11:00 am and changed into my suit. Boy, was it brief! But, I
wouldn't have known about the fasteners, if I hadn't planned the whole
thing - they seemed just the same as when I had pulled them out of my
drawer. The fasteners worked just fine and I thought maybe the guys
had misunderstood. I was somewhat disappointed because I had been
getting hotter and hotter thinking about this, but hey, it was a nice
day and I could use a day at a water-park, so I thought, "What the
hell?"

I thought I would start with something tame to get started, so I
walked over to one of the gentler rides where you go down a
semi-transparent tube, through a number of turns and then drop into a
pool of water. As I walked over to the start, I was surprised at how
many guys were there and how few women there were. My brief swimsuit
was attracting more than a few glances from all the college guys, so I
was trying to look modest. Just then, the fastener for my top sprang
apart and, because there was no halter strap, just the strap around my
back, it fell to the ground, leaving me standing there topless. I
blushed, covered my tits as best I could and bent over to pick it up.
That was when one of the snaps on the briefs gave-up and half of it
fell away. I was now surrounded by all these guys, so I gave up on
trying to hide my breasts, picked up the top and put it back on, and
re-snapped the side of my briefs. There was a half-hearted "Boo", from
some of the guys, but I just did a little bow, to them and carried on
my way. Now I realized that the remote-controlled snaps were working
just fine and my pussy started to get wet immediately. You have no
idea how exciting it is to wander around in public, knowing that you
are going to lose your clothes, but not knowing when.

Obviously these guys were hoping that they were going to see a repeat
performance, so they stuck with me and I had an entourage to follow me
around. I made it to the top of the ride without further mishap, so I
popped into the top of the tube, took a deep breath and pushed off. I
noticed a number of the guys had run off, probably to be at the bottom
of the ride when I emerged. The ride was fun and it certainly cooled
me off, but when I noticed the light at the end of the tunnel, my top
again flew off and I was dumped into the pool, without a top, which
fortunately followed me closely. I stood up to a rousing cheer,
nipples hard as rocks, bent over to retrieve my top and re-fastened
it.

As I exited the pool, guys were falling over themselves to suggest
other rides I may want to try. They suggested I should try one of the
faster rides, so I thought, "why not?" and went along with them. It
was faster, but still a curving ride, so I stood at the end and
watched a number of people come down and it seemed OK, so we started
for the top. I got into position and again pushed off. This time,
before I made any speed, one side of my bottoms released. There was
nothing I could do to hold it as I had been told by the operator that
if I wanted to go fast, I should hold my arms above my head. Once in
that position, I was not to move them during the descent, but in fact,
because of the direction of my motion, it pretty much stayed. Just
before I popped out of the end however, the other side went, so when I
left the tube, my bottoms and I separated. The guys watching from the
end of the ride, saw all this and cheered. I had to dive down to
retrieve it and so they all saw my bare ass and pussy as I went down,
but I was able to retain same dignity as I re-connected it in the
water.

As I climbed the steps, they steered me further into the center of the
park. There, in a small enclosure was a ride which I've enjoyed
before; I can't remember its name, but it is two metal hoops that
together, allow the rider to spin through 360o. It's like a kind of
zero-gravity device, and its a lot of fun, but you have to have a
strong stomach for it. Fortunately I like that kind of ride. They were
all begging me to try it, so I finally agreed.

I climbed onto the rig; my ankles were strapped into place with padded
straps and my wrists were similarly secured. The operator started the
rings moving and I was suddenly swinging around every which way. It
was fun and I was really enjoying the sensation of flipping over and
around. That was when one of my lower fasteners released. I'm not sure
whether anyone noticed right away because I didn't hear anything, but
when I felt my top release, it just flew off. Then I heard the cheer.
I figured the ride to be about 2 minutes and we'd been going maybe
half that time. Somehow, I knew I would lose my bikini bottoms this
time, but I didn't know when and my pussy was now really wet with the
anticipation; my nipples were hard as rocks. That was when the last
tie released and my bottoms flew off who-knows-where? A huge cheer
went up, but I was stuck there for probably another minute. I spun and
spun, my legs wide apart. Finally, I sensed the machine slowing. I
didn't realize that the operator had any remote control of the motion
of the rings, but now I knew differently. He stopped me in a
horizontal position, face down, with my pussy pointing directly at the
crowd, and he held me there for what seemed like an eternity. Then
finally, he let me down. When I had stopped, he raced over to me,
scooped up my bikini, untied me and handed it to me, saying, "what
happened?"
I replied that it was an old suit and it must have shrunk, putting
some strain on the snaps, but I was able to re-fasten it.

By now an even bigger crowd had gathered and they all wanted to
accompany me to the next ride. I was saying to one of the guys that I
should cool it for a while, but they wouldn't hear of it. They steered
me towards the wave pool, so in we all went. It was fun, the waves
were building one at a time and we were all trying to body surf them.
I suddenly felt both fasteners on my bottoms release and away it went.
I tried to snag it, but it was gone. It wasn't too obvious at first,
but as soon as everyone jumped to surf the wave, the guys closest to
me noticed. At about the same time, my top snapped open and away it
went, again, with the force of the water, I couldn't catch it. The
guys moved closer and as they did so, the others saw them and also
crowded around me. 

Hands were groping me under the water. My nipples were being pinched
and I even felt someone swim through my legs and put what felt like
his tongue up my pussy! The word was obviously out because guys
surrounded me. They marched me out of the wave-pool and we went back
to the zero-gravity ride. I now realized that the operator of this
ride had been part of the plan because somehow, he had managed to
cordon-off the area around this ride.

I was strapped back into the rings, but this time, the rings were not
moving around freely as before. They were maneuvered into a horizontal
position and the operator dragged over the mounting stage. There were
guys everywhere around me. I have never had so many hands feeling me
before. They were all over my tits, up my pussy; I could even feel
fingers forcing their way up my ass. Suddenly, I felt the fingers
withdraw from my pussy and my ass, to be replaced by something smooth
and hard. Then I felt something touching my clitoris. It had to be one
of those vibrators that also stimulates your clit. As soon as it was
switched on, I was in no doubt. It felt so good and it was slowly
being slid in and out of me; each time it slid in, it touched my clit
and sent electric shocks all over my body. It didn't take long before
I was I was screaming in delight as the first orgasm hit. Just as it
did, I felt another vibrator slid up my ass and switched on. That
probably doubled the intensity of my orgasm.

After my first screams had died down, the vibrator in my cunt was
removed and the first of a long line of guys plunged his cock into me.
I was already crying for more. Somehow, another line of guys had found
something to stand on so that they could shove their cocks in my
mouth, so my cries were soon silenced, as I sucked for all I was
worth. It was very soon when the first cock started gushing in my
pussy, and not much later that I got a mouthful of cum. After that, it
became a blur. I know that at some point, the vibrator was taken out
of my ass and a cock pushed in, in its place. I also remember feeling
cum splattering on me every so often, but  I don't remember whose it
was.

I have no idea how long it took, but finally I realized everyone was
spent, or so I thought, but these were college guys and their staying
power is really good. I was suddenly aware of being unstrapped and
carried by a number of these guys. I found out later that they were
taking me to the top of one of the water slides. There, a guy sat on
the slide and I was sat on top of him with his cock up me, my arms
around his neck and we were pushed down. I can't describe the feeling
of racing down a water slide backwards on a hard cock! When we dropped
out of the tube, before we splashed into the water, of course, we
disconnected, and it served to bring me somewhat back to reality, but
I was forced to repeat this many times until everyone had tried. We
even started getting creative, with my trying to pump up and down on
several of the guys before hitting the water.

After we had worn ourselves out on this, I was carried to another
ride. This time it was one of those raft rides, the kind that a dozen
or so people get into together. Well, it was me and a dozen guys and
it was a race to see how many could fuck me before we reached the end.
We found that with one in my pussy, another up my ass and a third in
my mouth, we could almost make it.

I do remember one guy asking me if I could make all the cum in my
pussy bubble out, and when I said, Yes, he wanted everyone to see, so
we had to put on a display. All the guys crowded around as I lay back
on my elbows with my legs spread wide. On the count of three, I
squirted a long stream of cum out of my pussy. The guys loved it -
they were hooting and cheering. Then they wanted to see me piss, so
that was no problem, I needed to go anyway. I just grasped a lip in
each hand, pulled them as far apart as I could to fully open up my
pussy, and let go with a long stream of piss.

One of the guys said that he had seen a porno movie in which a group
of guys had pissed on the girl's pussy, so he asked if they could do
it to me. Now, I rather enjoy the sensation of pissing on my pussy and
particularly my clit; I don't much like it in the face or even less in
my mouth, so I said, "Sure! Just don't get it in my face."

They all crowded around me and I pulled my lips apart again, so my
clit was exposed and told them to go ahead. There must have been
gallons of it, but before they had finished, I was crying again with
my last orgasm, and what an explosion it was - I almost passed out!

They took me to an outside shower to clean off and then we all went
back to the wave pool, I realized that the owner, who must have been
in on it from the start, had closed the park, so we had it to
ourselves at this point. I took a nice swim, before someone handed me
my swimsuit back, so I told him to hang onto it because there was
hardly any point in putting it on at this time. We all walked back to
the cafeteria and I was given something to eat while one of the guys
pulled out a couple of cases of beer. We all sat together in the
cafeteria, having a few beers and chatting.

From the conversation, it was obvious that most of these guys had not
had a real lot of experience with sex - sure they talk about it a lot,
but they were asking me all kinds of questions like what it feels like
for a woman to cum, and does anal sex hurt and so on. I told them I
would do my best to honestly answer their question when I'd finished
eating.

Maybe it was the beer on top of all the sex, but I had them clear off
a table and I sat up on it and had them gather around. Then I showed
them a few basics. I told them how as a woman, there is a huge
sensation from just touching around the neck, the ears, almost
anywhere there is skin, provided it is done gently. Once the body is
primed by touching, the more erogenous zones come into play - breasts
and inner thighs. With that I showed them, by touching my breasts,
squeezing them gently, then touching the nipples. They saw how my
nipples hardened as I touched them lightly. I had them feel my nipples
to see how they responded. Then I lay back and spread my legs  for
them. I lightly tickled the insides of my thighs, moving up to my
pussy lips, rubbing my fingers along them. I spread my lips for them
and I felt warm liquid run down my ass. I asked if anyone had a
flashlight and someone found one behind in the kitchen. I pulled my
cunt as far open as I could so they could shine the flashlight inside
and see my cervix. Some of them stuck a finger in to feel it. The I
pulled back my clit hood so they could properly see it and I explained
to them just how very sensitive it is. I told them that the tongue
really gets the best results on a clit and asked if anyone wanted to
try. Of course, everyone volunteered, but I picked one of the younger
guys. He started in on it like a dog with a bone and I had to stop
him, to slow down and be less urgent. Finally he settled into a nice
dreamy fluttering of my clit with his tongue. I eventually stopped him
and pushed two fingers into my pussy, while I used my other hand to
circle on my clit. After a few moments I started to feel those
wonderful stirrings again. I lay farther back and asked someone to
lick their finger and gently work it in and out of my asshole. I felt
it slowly working its way in and out, each time a little deeper.

My breath was getting shorter as I told them I was close to cumming
and I told them to pinch my nipples. That pushed me over the edge and
I came with a loud cry. When I calmed down, I looked around and saw
the operator of the park, a man in his late thirties maybe. He was
probably the only one not to have fucked me, so I asked him if he
would like to help educate these young men. He replied by shrugging
off his shirt and pants, then his underwear. I saw that I had chosen
wisely; he had a nice thick cock. He sprang up on the table,
straddling me and put his cock in my mouth. I sucked him until he was
hard, then he moved down and slowly inserted it into me. It felt
wonderful, even though I was starting to get a little sore. He started
pumping slowly, but I was already on the verge again and after a few
more strokes, I came again. I was just starting to recover when I
heard him groan and I felt him empty his load into me. That sent me
over the edge again and it happened all over again.

After he had pulled out and I had relaxed, I had them gather closely
around as I opened my pussy lips for them again to look inside. I told
them how it had stretched me, but that it would return once we had
stopped. To show them how much I had stretched, I picked one of the
smaller guys to put two fingers in me. He slowly moved them in and out
as I showed him. Then I had him put another, then another finger until
he had four fingers in. I allowed a few moments to adjust then told
him to slowly try to push his whole hand in. I was so loose that it
was not difficult. Within a few seconds, his whole fist disappeared
into my cunt.

I told him where my G-spot was and he flexed one of his fingers inside
me until he found it. Only a few strokes of my G-spot and I was
screaming again in ecstasy. This time when I recovered. I had him
remove his fist and again help my pussy open for them to look inside.
After that I told them today's lesson was over. I waited for a few
more moments, then rolled off the table before walking back to the
wave pool. By now the waves had been switched off, so I walked into
the water for another refreshing swim. It was dark and so I walked
back to the changing room. 

When I had showered and dressed, a young guy was waiting for me. He
gave me my bikini, photograph number 6 and the miniature remote device
for the swimsuit fasteners. He said, "who knows, you may want to use
this again sometime", and with that he was gone.

As I left the park, the crowd of guys were all trying to get my phone
number. I refused, but instead gave them my e-mail address
(sexykaren@hotmail.com). I've already had lots of e-mail from them and
I encourage any comments you may have on this story. I'll try, but I
can't promise I will get back to you, however you can be sure I will
read it.

Love to you all,
Karen







Karen in Trouble
Karen Task 7

As always, this is not intended for under-age people, or for those who
may be offended by frank, sexual situations; it is intended for adults
interested in sexual situations only.  If you don't fall into that
category - then it is illegal for you to read this. Go do your
homework and leave this to those of us who can appreciate it!

You all heard about my adventure with Natalie when we were both
captured by a gang of youths (Karen and Natalie Captured). It had
started as an idea of mine for some exhibitionistic fun with bondage
thrown in, with Natalie hiding to make sure nothing went wrong. Well,
it got out of control; Natalie was caught and we were at the mercy of
these boys, who forced us to do things we would not have normally
done. They also photographed us doing these things and found where my
car was hidden, so they were able to find my name and address from the
registration in the glove box.

My name is Karen. I am 27 years old, 5' 10" tall with blonde hair. I
measure 35, 23, 34 and keep myself in good shape by exercising
regularly. I have a good job in the city in PR and so I was afraid of
my face being recognized by any of my colleagues in connection with
this little idiosyncrasy of mine.

We had only just arrived home and cleaned ourselves up when I got the
phone call. It was from one of the leaders of the gang - a guy about
22. He informed me that they had 12 good, clear photographs of Natalie
and me in action that they would release to our workplaces if we did
not comply with their plan. This plan was simple. We had to complete a
series of tasks; one for each photograph, which we were to devise,
each being more daring than the last. For the first task, we were
permitted to suggest something which, if it was not considered daring
enough, we could go back and re-think without any implications. After
the first, any task we suggested that was not challenging enough would
have to complete two further tasks. Each task had to be carried out by
one or both of us (our choice) and involve exhibiting ourselves for
the first six and then for the last six, were to involve bondage also.
They all had to involve a sexual situation, which could be just
masturbation, if a willing participant could not be found during the
playing out of the task. We found this out after the phone call. We
were told to drive to the old mine later that week, which served as
their gang headquarters and at which the first escapade occurred. We
did this and were met by two of the younger boys who told us to strip
and then blindfolded us. We were led, naked through the woods to a
clearing where the whole gang was gathered. There were about a hundred
youths ranging from about 12 years old to probably 22 or so. When the
blindfolds were removed, we stood naked before these boys and men. The
leader outlined his plans and asked if we agreed to them. We both
agreed that as long as they did not reveal us to our friends or people
we work with, we would comply. 

I had already done the first five tasks involving getting wet in a
flimsy dress,  getting wet in a rainstorm then going on the subway,
the porn theatre, the wet T-shirt bar in Florida and the truck stop.
Following that, it was now about a month since I did the water park
and the guys were pressing me for another show. I knew it would be
tough to come up with something they would like and if I didn't make
it good enough, I was faced with two tasks in its place and this thing
could go on forever. I thought and thought and then something clicked.
Natalie belonged to a health club in the city and no-one knew me
there; it was clear across town from my office. In each of the locker
rooms, were relaxation rooms with several large leather loungers which
had massagers and personal audio systems built in.

My plan was developing and here is what happened. The club was easy
enough for guests to gain access, so Natalie would give me one of her
passes, which were anonymous and she could also sign in some of the
guys, because they would want to make sure I kept to the plan since I
had done a few they had not seen. The place closes at 10:00 p.m. on
Saturdays, so I came in at about nine o-clock on and changed in the
women's locker room into my outfit. This was my black sequined bra and
briefs set and of course high heeled sandals. I then covered up with a
white terry robe. I had one of the guys check the men's changing room
and when the coast was clear, I went in and positioned myself in one
of the big chairs, with headphones on, and a pair of blinders "so that
the light wouldn't bother me".

The guys who go to the gym at that time on a Saturday evening are
single and generally have nothing better to do; but tonight they
would! It was two of the older guys, about 20, who had come from the
gang to observe my performance that night and they had a part to play
in this adventure. Their job was to wait until a bunch of guys came
back to the locker room and tell them that I was in the relaxation
room, because I had had too much to drink and had come back to the
club to sleep it off before driving home and as a practical joke, they
had directed me into the men's because I was too gone to notice the
difference.

Well, I was lying in this lounger, kind of knowing what was going to
happen and my heart was beating so hard - the anticipation is half the
fun! It was probably 15 minutes before the door opened. Although I did
have music playing, it was quite soft so I could hear well enough. Of
course, I couldn't see, so the suspense was electric. 

I first felt a gentle touch, just as though someone was walking past
and accidentally brushed by me, but I was careful not to move in
response. The touches grew more deliberate - obviously the guys were
making sure of how far gone I was. Then I felt someone grasp hold of
my shoulders and shake me - I still didn't respond. I felt the robe
being undone and I heard some murmurs of appreciation. I guess they
found me attractive.

Now I had assumed that whatever was going to happen, would do so in
the locker room area, but after a few minutes I was lifted from both
feet and arm ends and carried somewhere, I wasn't sure where, and laid
down on a padded bench. What I didn't know was that they had carried
me into the gym and one of the guys had run in to tell Tony, the club
manager what had happened and what they planned to do. He, in turn had
quickly determined that other than Roxy, a bodybuilder, there were no
women in the club and only a handful of guys left. Accordingly he
locked the doors and dimmed most of the lights.

I was lifted to my feet and my wrists were  strapped to something high
up, stretching my arms up and out. My ankles were similarly strapped
as wide apart as they could spread them. Still playing the part, I
slumped down against the wrist straps as though I was still out cold.

I was left for a few moments and then I felt fingers fumbling with my
bra strap. It was unsnapped and fell to the floor. Hands started
feeling up my tits, slow at first but then faster and there were more,
groping and squeezing, pinching my nipples until they were standing up
hard and erect. 

When they were finished with my tits, they unsnapped my briefs leaving
me naked except for my black thigh-highs and my high-heel shoes.
Because my legs were stretched wide and my tits had been stimulated,
my juices were already flowing and my pussy lips were open. The first
touch on my pussy was electric and it was all I could do not to cry
out in pleasure.  Fingers had already found their way into me and I
heard someone comment on how wet I was. One by one they fingered my
cunt, some played with my clit and by then I was moaning, but it was
just incoherent noise so no one paid any attention. One of the guys
came back out of the locker room with a razor and foam; he proceeded
to wipe the foam on my remaining pubic hair (I already shave down
below) and then shaved all my hair off.

The next thing I felt was something cold against my pussy. One of the
guys had brought over a barbell and was pushing one end of it up my
cunt. My blinders had shifted enough that I could see some. They
rested one end of  the barbell on the floor and lifted me onto the
other end and I slid down over it. It slid all the way up into my
pussy until it was stopped by the weights against my butt and my
thighs. I could hear the guys laughing and then they lifted me up so
that it would slide out, then down again, fucking me on the barbell. I
was moaning uncontrollably until I finally came with a cry. The
barbell was removed from under me and then it was a contest to see who
could find the most bizarre object to put into me.

They used the ends of hand weights, pens and markers, then someone
used a red marker to paint my nipples. Of course they also used their
cocks and everyone took a turn, spraying cum in my cunt, on my tits
and on my face.

After they had taken their turns, someone returned with a mechanic's
toolbox and they all pulled out various tools. I had a hammer handle,
a screwdriver handle, a socket wrench, the handle of  a pipe wrench
and finally, someone found a long, thick flashlight, which they pushed
all the way up my cunt with just the flared end exposed. Someone
reached in and switched it on and left it lit, hanging out of my cunt.
They all laughed at that!

My legs were then raised and secured so that I was suspended
horizontally, but face up and of course they took special pains to
make sure my legs were spread wide, using something as a spreader bar.
The flashlight was still sticking out of my cunt switched on, but it
was starting to fall out. When it eventually did, I guess my pussy
must have been gaping open because they all crowded around to look.
One of the guys picked up the flashlight and shone it inside so they
could all see. I guess they could see everything because one guy was
asking if it was my cervix that they were shining the light on.
Suddenly my blinders, which had been coming looser, fell to the floor
and there was immediate silence as they all looked at me. It was too
late to feign being drunk; it was obvious to them that I was well
aware of what was going on.  Finally someone said, "looks like you're
enjoying this as much as we are!" I just nodded my head dumbly.

With that, my wrists and ankles were quickly released and I was
carried out to the pool area. I still had a spreader bar holding my
legs wide open and they snapped my hands together behind me. They
swung me three times and threw me up into the air, to land with a loud
splash in the middle of the pool. I started sinking right away, unable
to swim because of the bindings, but there were already several guys
in the water swimming over to keep me floating. They hauled me to the
edge and pulled me out backwards, leaving me lying on the tiles.

I lay there catching my breath when I heard a couple of the guys
shout, "Yeah Roxy!" I turned to look and I saw the biggest, most
muscular woman I have ever seen, walking towards me beside the pool.
She was wearing a spandex outfit that left little to the imagination
and her muscles just rippled in the dim light. As she walked over, she
slid the straps off her shoulders and pushed it down over medium sized
breasts, but with huge long nipples. She was carrying something but I
couldn't tell what. When she reached me, she pushed the garment down
her hips and stepped out of it naked as me.

The guys were all cheering and she said, "So, she likes cock in her
pussy, what else does she like?" With that she squatted over my face,
reached down and spread her cunt lips just above my face and said,
"eat me out, bitch!" I started licking her pussy and her juices
started to flow. She lowered herself closer to my mouth and I found
her clit sticking out like a small cock, so I started sucking on it.
While I was sucking her pussy, she was pinching and pulling real hard
on her nipples. She was bucking her crotch against my face and in no
time flat, she came. Her pussy erupted and she squirted all over my
face. I licked it up as much as I was able.

When she regained her senses, she asked me if I liked piss on my face
and in my mouth and I said, "No, I'm happy to have you piss on my
pussy or my tits but I just don't like it on my face." She moved down
until our pussies were almost touching and popped that clit against
mine. It was just like rubbing a cock against it and I was cumming in
no time. At the height of my orgasm, she started pissing on my clit
and I almost passed out.

As I came around, I noticed her un-coiling some rubber hose. She had
one of the guys hold something looking like a hot water bottle as she
proceeded to insert the plastic end up my ass. When it was all the way
in, she had me hold it in and took the bottle and squeezed it. I felt
warm water forcing its way up my ass, so I relaxed to let it go, but I
soon started to feel like it would burst something inside of me. I
told Roxy to stop but she just laughed and told me to hold on. When
she was done, I thought I would explode. She brought a plastic bowl
close to my ass and pulled the tube out. I couldn't stop it! The water
shot out under pressure, making all kinds of farting noises. Of course
all the guys were crowded around watching (and listening). When it had
all drained out of me, Roxy said, "Now your ass is nice and clean for
us to fuck it!"

The guys took turns fucking my pussy and my ass until there were worn
out. Then Roxy pulled out a pair of wicked looking long, thick, black
dildos and strapped them on to a harness around her hips. She
positioned herself close to me and inserted one in my cunt and one up
my ass; then she started fucking me. I'm normally used to the cock in
my pussy going in while the one in my ass is coming out. But this was
like being fucked to death - yet it felt good! When I started cumming,
I was screaming, the feelings were so intense.

I sucked Roxy to another orgasm while she fucked herself in the ass
with one of the dildos. As she started to cum, the guys had formed a
circle around us and started pissing on our cunts. Roxy held my pussy
open for them  piss in while they pissed on her long nipples. She was
moaning in ecstasy, and so was I.

When they were done, my wrists were released and I finished up with my
party trick - forcing all the cum and piss out of my cunt in a long
stream. That got a round of applause!

Finally my ankles were released and I was helped back to the locker
room by Roxy, who brought me to one last private orgasm by licking my
cum and piss covered clit. We showered and dressed and I drove home to
find my photo number 7 awaiting me through the door of my apartment.

The End

Please feel free to e-mail me any comments and more specifically,
please try to think of some ideas for the next 5 tasks; they all must
include exhibitionism and bondage. They must be daring, but without
getting me arrested. I hope you found Task 7 as exciting as I did -
Love and wet pussies to you all, 

Karen (sexykaren@hotmail.com)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Karen Johnson


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





