BDSM Library - Janet




Janet
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Janet is left by her husband and soon becomes desperate for money to support herself and daughter. She accepts a job from a man who insists that she accept corporal punishment She is led to greater punishments and allows her daughter to be punished as well.
JANET
by allene (ALB21335@aol.com)




                                JANET
                              by allene




  I guess I have always been easy to intimidate. My first sex was a
result of my boy-friend saying he would break off our relation ship if I
didn't fuck him.  From there it was easy for him to explore every
conceivable position and introduce me to fellatio, cunnilingus and
sodomy. Since I was only fourteen and dumb I ended up getting knocked-up.
He decided that since he was going to be stuck for child support anyway
he might as well marry me and get endless sex and a housekeeper.
  I really tried to keep the marriage together. He did not like my
daughter, complaining about her crying and the smell of diapers when she
was a baby and the thought that he was tied down and it was my fault. He
convinced me to have my tubes tied to avoid having more children. At
least he began having sex with me more often after that. He became more
irritable and restless as time went on and it became obvious he was
seeing other women. I put up with it all as I didn't know what else to
do. He had me drop out of school when we married so I had no education or
job skills. In spite of my efforts when my daughter was ten years old he
left one day and didn't come back. 
  Shortly afterwards I received notice from his lawyer to come in to
discuss our divorce. I had already realized I couldn't keep the marriage
going as he was getting more hostile every day so just went along with
it. He took his clothes, a tv, and his car and moved out. The court
awarded me the house and five hundred dollars per month child support. He
was to continue making the house payments while I paid the taxes and
upkeep. It didn't sound too bad. I thought I could get a job and with the
child support I would be alright.
  I got one check. When another month went by I tried calling his
apartment. The phone had been disconnected. I called his lawyer to see if
he knew where he was and was told that they had no idea and were also
looking for him as he had not paid their bill.
  The next shocker was a bill from a finance company. It turned out he
had borrowed all the equity in our house. Since Washington was a
community property state I would be obligated to pay the bill if I didn't
want to lose the house.
  By this time I was nearly broke and began to have daily garage sales
selling our furniture and my better clothes to make payments and feed
ourselves. Job hunting was terribly depressing. I found that even fast-
food restaurants expected a high school education. I went to the welfare
department for help only to be told that since I had child support and a
home the only thing they could do was allow food stamps. It was obvious I
could not afford the house so I sold it at a bargain price that only gave
me about a thousand dollars after the bank and real estate costs were
paid. I found a cheap apartment that I still could not afford unless I
got a job since the welfare department would not help me till they could
confirm the fact I had no assets.
  I was at my wits end and depressed when I saw a little ad in the help
wanted column.
  "WANTED Receptionist. Must have good speaking voice. Attractive.
Minimal typing and account work. Apply in person."
  It gave an address down by the docks and a phone number. I called and
set up an appointment the next day. He said to bring my resume. I didn't
know what a resume was! I looked it up in the dictionary. Then typed it
hunt and peck on a typewriter my ex had forgotten to take with him.
  When I read it  I was so depressed I began to cry again. All I had was
an eighth grade education and no work experience except housework. By the
next morning I had convinced myself to take the interview. I didn't look
that great, it had been months since I had my hair done and my best dress
was shapeless now that I had lost twenty pounds. My body actually looked
great now that I was down to one hundred pounds but you could never tell
in that dress.
  I had sold my car so left early to make the bus connections. When I
found the address there was a sign on the freight elevator telling me the
office was on the top floor. When the elevator door opened I saw another
sign directing me up a wide staircase. It turned out he owned the
building and had built his office on the roof. It was a huge office with
a desk near the door which I assumed would be mine if I got the job and a
monster desk at the back of the room where he was sitting talking on the
phone. He motioned for me to sit at a small couch facing a beautiful view
of Puget Sound. I looked around while waiting and saw through an open
door a large conference table with four chandeliers hanging from hooks in
the ceiling. Two other doors were closed and I guessed that they were
bathrooms or coffee rooms. There were windows all around and to keep from
blocking the view all the cabinets and shelves were placed either above
or below the windows. If I got the job I could see that I would be doing
a lot of stretching to reach the top shelves or stooping for the low
ones. I ended up watching him as he was quoting figures to the person at
the other end. He was quite handsome with greying temples and a muscular
looking body covered with an expensive looking silk shirt. He finally got
off the phone and waved me over to stand nervously in front of his desk.
  " I assume you are Janet Curtis who called about my job opening as a
result of my receptionist leaving to marry. Unfortunately I introduced
her to a very wealthy client who stole her from me."
  " Yes Sir." I thought to myself that the job could have a great fringe
benefit as I might find someone to marry that would solve all my
problems.
  " Alright. If I should hire you the job consists of answering and
screening my calls, typing invoices, and faxing my hand written notes to
customers. The starting pay is $800.00 per month for the first month then 
a $50.00 raise if your performance is good. I provide accident and
health, a company car since you will be expected to run errands for me
and I provide your work clothes. Let me see your resume."
  I handed him my pathetic sheet of paper. It only took him a minute to
read it.
  He looked up at me obviously angry.
  " This is the worst resume I have ever seen. You have no education and
no experience. Why in hell did you think I would hire you."
  I answered with a quavering voice.
  " Sir, the ad just said some typing and good speaking voice. People
have told me I am attractive. Please Sir. I am desperate, my husband has
left me and I don't know where to turn. I am not dumb. I can learn and
will do anything you want if you give me a chance. I typed my resume."
  " Oh yeah. I am really impressed. It is not in a proper format, there
are spelling mistakes and bad punctuation. As far as appearance is
considered your hair needs to be done and God knows what your body looks
like in that oversize dress."
  I began to cry. He let me stand there sobbing for awhile then said,
  " You might not even want this job. The clothes you will be wearing are
much more revealing than that sack you are wearing. I have a lot of time
and money invested in my receptionists before you can even start work.  I
send you to a hairdresser, your clothes are tailor made, and I have to
pay for a physical for your insurance. I have to train you to do the work
and it may be necessary to introduce you to corporal punishment to insure
your good performance. Do you understand and do you still want to work
for me?"
  I certainly knew what corporal punishment was. My principal would give
us "swats" at the smallest infringement of rules. I also understood the
logic of the cost to him to fire someone after he had all that invested.
  " I guess you mean like the 'swats' they gave us at school. I would not
mind. The threat might make me try harder."
  " Yes. You say that now but when it becomes necessary, to use your
term, 'swat' you it may be a different story."  
  " No honestly, I wouldn't object. How can I prove it to you." I was
sure that his punishment would be nothing compared to some of the
beatings my husband had given me for little reason.
  He looked at me doubtfully then told me to tighten my dress by pulling
it together at the back then had me turn slowly to get a better idea of
my 36,23.35 figure. Then he looked at me thoughtfully and spoke.
  " I suppose you could prove it by asking me for a spanking right now."
  I gulped, hesitated for a moment thinking of how much padding was
provided by my wool dress, slip and panties then said.
  " Would you give me a spanking now. Please?"
  Fear and excitement was rising as he led me into his conference room. I
was wondering why I had added, please, to my agreement as he pushed a
button by the door that caused a "click" in the front door as it locked.
  He had me bend over the table till my breasts had flattened then
started taking off his belt saying,
  "This is one of the instruments I use for punishment."
  I was relieved as I had been expecting a nasty wooden paddle like my
principals. I thought I would barely be able to feel the belt through my
clothes and thought he was just testing my willingness to submit. This
idea left me as he pulled my dress and slip up over my back. I blushed as
I realized he could see my slightly tattered bikini panties.
  He brought the belt across my butt several times but not very hard. It
just stung a little and was more exciting than painful. When he quit it
was tingling a little and as I reached back to rub it with both hands I
realized that somewhere along the line he had pulled the back of the
panties into the crack of my ass and I was rubbing my nude cheeks.
  "Well. What do you think about your spanking."
  " It is kind of embarrassing to be spanked on the bare but I guess it
is alright. If I do anything wrong I would rather be punished for it than
feel guilty, or especially to be fired."
  " Yes I understand but I give different punishments for different
offenses. Wait here."
  He went over to a closet and came back with a whip! He handed it to me
to inspect. It had four leather belts about an inch wide and maybe
sixteen inches long sprouting out of a handle. It had been soaked in oil
or something. The leather was very soft. I thought that this would make
it less harsh but actually it just made it heavier and more flexible so
every inch of it could contact the skin.
  I was so lost in thought feeling the handle and thongs with my fingers
that I was startled by his voice.
  " Does that frighten you?"
  My butt was still tingling a little and I was curious about the way the
whip would feel. 
  " No not really. It doesn't seem too bad. I don't think it will bruise
me like the paddle my principal used on me in school." Actually the thing
excited me. Spanking with the belt seemed childish. A whip seemed more
exotic and I flashed to a picture I had seen in a history book where a
black woman was being whipped on her bare back.
  He said, "Good. You are used to the concept of corporal punishment. Did
it improve your obedience?"
  "Oh yes! He really hit hard and my bottom would be sore for hours. I
really tried to avoid spankings."
  "Yes I used to use a paddle over clothes but my secretary complained
about the long lasting pain and suggested using my belt saying that the
lesser pain could be made up for by the additional humiliation of having
it hit naked areas. It seemed just as effective while allowing her to get
back to work without fidgiting in her chair."
 I went on to say, "I suppose this would be used on bare skin too? Even
on other places besides my butt?" 
  " Yes, of course. Take off your dress."
  I was shocked for a moment but then thought he had already seen my bare
butt and my breasts were completely covered with my bra. I unbuttoned the
front and pulled it over my head. It wasn't enough as I expected.
  " Take off the slip."
  When I stood before him in just my bra and panties he told me to turn
around slowly. I blushed again as I realized he would be looking at my
still bare ass cheeks which after the spanking were probably glowing red.
It had been quite awhile since I had been so naked in front of a man.
This man was quite handsome. I naturally became a little excited at his
reaction.
  " You have a beautiful body. You should flaunt it, not hide it in
sacks. Go over to the mirror and look at your butt."
  I went over to a large mirror and turned my back to it to see my butt.
It was red but no welts or bruises like the paddle had made. 
  "Ooh it is really red. I am surprised the spanking did not hurt more."
  "It didn't because I started with light spanks incrasing the severity
as you became used to it. You have seen your butt. This whip will cause
an even darker red and possibly welts over more of your body. Would you
rather leave? I will understand if you do."
  I decided this must be a test and I had no intention of failing.
Besides if it was too bad I could leave at any time.
  "I don't want to leave. I want to prove I am willing to suffer if I do
not please you." 
  "I see. You ralize you have done nothing wrong but are willing to
suffer as if you had?"
  "Yes. I should know what will happen if I do something wrong."
  "Good, now lie down on the table."
  I climbed up on the table and laid down on my stomach. I felt my
panties being pulled down and off my legs. I did not protest because my
butt was already naked and my pussy was hidden by the table and my
tightly clenched legs. He went around the table to my head and told me to
put my arms out in front of me. When I complied he unsnapped my bra and
pulled it off my arms. I had to gasp as it dragged against my nipples
that were pushing on the table.
  By now I was getting really excited over lying naked on the table
awaiting an experience I could not imagine.
  I realized this was not going to be over in a short time as my spanking
had when he said, "I have found that a light whipping over a longer
period is just as effective as a short severe one and it has the
advantage to you of leaving no residual pain."
  I noted that the term "Spanking" had been replaced by "Whipping" to
explain why my back was now bare too. Somehow whipping seemed more
appropriate for a grown-up rather than the more childish spanking.
  He began lightly whipping me just below my shoulders then moving down.
I was relieved to find it did not hurt bad at all. There were just light
stings that left tingles and as he slowly worked down the stings and
tingles excited me. the sensation was even greater when the whip began
hitting my butt and then the top of my thighs so close to my pussy my
clitoris began tingling. He stopped and I felt frustrated and clenched my
thighs together to try to keep the tingles on my clitoris.
  Then I realized it was not over when he said, "Turn over."
  This was a little too embarrassing. It had never occurred to me that my
front would be hit. All corporal punishment had been just to my butt and
sometimes my thighs but I felt committed now. Incredibly the thought of
having my front whipped excited me the tingling sensation may be
increased.
  He became impatient while I thought about it and said, "Well?"
  "I'm sorry." 
 I clamped my legs together to hide my pussy and put my hands over my
breasts to hide them as I made the turn. He pushed my legs down flat to
the table and then started lashing me lightly starting at my belly-button
and ranging up and down from there. It stung a little more but at the
same time it was very thrilling. I was beginning to breathe in short
pants when I felt the whip at the level of my pussy-hair and felt some
disappointment as he slowly worked up towards my breasts. When he had
slowly worked his way past my navel I felt this incredible need to
stretch. I whimpered as I realized that I wanted the sting to fall on my
breasts. My body seemed to take control as my hands left my breasts to go
behind my head. I was stretching so tight I could feel my belly sinking
toward my backbone as my breasts rose. He began to hit a bit harder as
the first lash hit the base of my breasts. They seemed to swell and throb
as he covered every inch. I continued stretching as I imagined I was tied
tightly to keep me from trying to avoid the whip. It seemed to give me an
excuse to accept this pain and humiliation. I had to gasp at the much
sharper pain as the thongs hit my nipples but even this was thrilling and
I watched my breasts shudder with the lashes with fascination. When he
got to the top of them he began to work his way back toward my crotch.
when he had worked his way down to my navel I wanted more! I slowly began
to spread my legs. After a few lashes across the lips of my cunt he
walked around my legs to face my pussy and put lash after lash full on
its face till I went into the most glorious orgasm I had ever
experienced!
  He let me lie there gasping for breath and squeezing my breasts and
nipples till I slowly began to get back to normal. Suddenly I was
embarrassed and ashamed and snapped my legs together and sat up holding
my breasts.
  " Go over and look at yourself in the mirror. You are not injured." 
  I knew that, but went over to look at my blushing, tingling torso
covered with a sheen of perspiration. My body would shudder as little
aftershocks from that fantastic orgasm ran through my body.
  He watched me as I caressed my skin with the redness already fading
then he came over carrying my dress saying,
  " I think you will do nicely. Here put this on. You won't need your
underthings. Go to Cicely's Salon. It is two blocks south and one block
west of here. I will call them and tell them what I want. Here is thirty
dollars. When you are through have lunch and be back here at one pm for
your fitting for office clothes."
  I was still tingling when I left. By the time I walked to Cicelys  I
was feeling very excited from the wool dress caressing my tingling skin,
especially my nipples. When I walked in the door a beautiful woman walked
over to me saying,
  "You must be Janet. Mr Marker told us you were on your way. Follow me.
She led me past several women waiting for their appointment into a room
in the back with a huge tub. I realized Mr, Marker must have a lot of
influence to get me in immediately. She tested the water then came over
to help me off with my dress. I looked down at myself wondering what she
would think of my whipped body and was amazed to see my skin was just a
healthy pink. I got into the tub then a girl came in who took off her
robe to reveal a tiny thong bikini. She began to wash my hair as I laid
in the warm bubble filled tub.
  The woman who had brought me in told me that Mr. Marker had asked for
the full treatment. The tub and shampoo felt wonderful. I had never
experienced such luxury. If I had been a cat I would have been purring.
When she had finished my shampoo she began to wash my back and then my
breasts with a large sponge. Then she told me to stand up  and washed the
rest of me spending enough time on my pussy to reawaken my excitement. I
was tingling again when she led me over to a large shower cabinet where
she used a hand-held shower nozzle with a needle spray. When it hit my
nipples or pussy my excitement rose even further. When she had dried me
completely with a huge warm towel she led me over to a lounge where two
girls began to give me a manicure and pedicure. As they were working a
man came in to cut and set my hair. I was still stark naked and blushed
but as soon as he spoke I realized he was gay which made it seem alright
since he had no sexual interest in me. I relaxed and closed my eyes. When
he had put in the rollers and started the hair dryer I snapped my eyes
open when I felt my legs being pulled apart. He looked at me calmly and
said,
  " Mr. Marker feels a close heart shape would be best for you." 
   Then he began to trim the hair on my pussy. I felt very embarrassed
not so much that he was working on my pussy as the fact I was becoming
very excited as he pulled the lips around to make the trim. Then he put
shaving soap on it and shaved the design with an old- fashioned razor.
When he was done he held a mirror for me so I could see that the hair had
been cut very close and a heart shape in stubble ended at the top of my
slit. The lips had been shaved completely. I couldn't resist feeling it.
The shaved lips were so smooth and sensitive I kept caressing it till I
noticed they were all watching me. By that time my hair was dry and my
manicure and pedicure was finished so they led me over to a table where
another man began giving me a massage. He massaged everything from my
fingers to my toes spending a lot of time on my breasts and pussy. He
used a lightly scented oil that left my skin feeling soft and creamy. By
that time my facial was done and he had me roll over on my stomach so he
could do my back and legs. It felt so sensuous and relaxing I went to
sleep.
  I was awakened by Cicely patting me on the butt. When I looked up at
her she said,
  " Mr Marker had me pick this up for you. I hope it is the right size. I
just guessed."
  I stood up and she sprayed me with a light perfume and helped me put on
the dress. It was beautiful. It was low cut displaying much of my
breasts. It was made of orlon or cashmere and felt wonderful against my
skin. She had made a good guess. It was a bit tight but that just
accentuated my figure. I noticed my nipples made little bumps in the
front of the dress and asked about a bra but she said the dress was too
thin for underwear as they would leave lines. She had a pair of five inch
high heel patent leather shoes to go with the dress.
  I asked if there was a restaurant within walking distance and she
suggested a nearby restaurant then told me they would set appointment for
me once a week.
  I could hardly believe my good fortune. I had a dream job with now the
additional incentive of this fabulous pampering and all for only agreeing
to whippings on occasion which actually only excited me.
  When I got out on the sidewalk and started walking in the high heels I
could feel the dress sliding on my bobbing nipples and jigging butt. It
felt very sensual and I felt proud when some men whistled at me in
appreciation.
 The restaurent was beautiful with soft lighting, white linen table
cloths and tuxedoed waiters. I asked the waiter for the time and when I
found it was already twelve thirty I just ordered a luncheon salad. I 
waited for my salad enjoying the admiration of the men at nearby tables.
The salad was great with very fresh crisp vegetables. I am afraid I
wolfed it down as I was in a hurry to show Mr. Marker the new me. It took
me more time to get the waiters attention to get the bill than it had to
eat the salad. I had to giggle when I saw that it cost ten dollars for a
simple salad. That was more than my daughter and I had spent for several
months for dinner for both of us. I trotted all the way back to his
office anxious to hear him say I was beautiful.
  I was disappointed when I walked in.
  " Yes. You look much nicer but you are late. I said one o'clock."
  I looked at the thin man with a measuring tape draped around his neck
and the rack of clothes he must have brought with him.
  Mr. Marker looked at me again more admiringly I thought or imagined.
  " Take off the dress so you can be measured."
  I was shocked another man would see me naked but he was so matter of
fact about it I decided I was being silly since it would be hard to
measure me with the dress on and began to pull it off.
  He looked away from me to the other man and said,
  " We will just get the three outfits I liked for now but get all her
measurements for future orders."
  Boy did he measure me! He not only took the standard measurements. He
measured the distance around the base of my breasts, the distance from
the crease at the bottom of my breasts to my nipples, the distance from
the top of my pussy to my anus, and the width of my crotch at the top of
my pussy crack.
  When he had finished he brought over the first "outfit" It was made of
silk or satin and felt very sensuous as he pulled it up my legs and
snapped together the waist at the back. Actually it was not at the waist.
It ended just above my new heart trimmed crotch hair. The top was two
pieces of material attached to the skirt, He brought the two pieces up
and tied them loosely around my neck with a bow. When I looked in the
mirror I could see that the top just covered little more than my nipples
leaving wide cleavage to the skirt that was below my navel. My back was
totally exposed. It was very sexy. The skirt was just to mid- thigh. This
still was not brief enough for Mr. Marker. He had the man loosen the bow
at the neck and tugged down the skirt till it barely covered the crack of
my ass at the back and just above the remnants of my pussy hair in front.
Then he had him fold up the skirt to pin the hem just below my crotch.
They had me bend over and I felt the skirt slide up my butt till it was
almost totally exposed. This was acceptable to him and they had me take
it off.
  The next was made of cashmere. It had a scoop neckline that barely
covered my nipples. Again the skirt was to be hemmed up. The material
felt good on my skin and I realized that my outfits so far all had that
quality of sensuous caressing of my skin.
  The next was simply a black leather micro-skirt with two suspenders
about three inches wide coming across my breasts over my shoulders and to
the back of the skirt. It was made of some sort of very soft leather,
possibly deerskin and molded itself perfectly to my curves. The skirt was
not quite short enough for him but when I bent over for him it still
exposed much of my ass while the suspenders loosened to expose my
nipples.
  " Well for the office I would like the skirt a little shorter. It is a
good compromise though. With a blouse she can wear it on the street."
  I was a little embarressed at the thought of being out in public but
then I decided I was being silly. I had been stark naked in front of a
lot of people all day and had just enjoyed the compliments. When he
brought over a beautiful white silk embroidered blouse to try on. I
decided I would be proud to be seen in it anywhere. 
  I loved the feel of the leather and silk on my skin and reluctantly
removed them when I was told to undress.
  Then they brought out panties for me to model for them. The ones Mr.
Marker chose were simple "G-strings" made of either transparent material,
lace, or silk gauze.
  I was relieved when Mr. Marker picked out two long coats of cashmere or
vicuna for me to wear over the outfits out of the office as I could not
imagine going home in any of these costumes on the bus.
  I stood in front of them impatiently waiting to see the next dress. Mr.
Marker looked at me standing there with my hands crossed over my pussy.
  " Let your hands fall to your sides and open your legs. Whenever you
are standing naked I want your legs to be apart. Remember that! Now then,
you were ten minutes late. Your penalty will be twenty lashes with ten to
your breasts and ten to your pussy."
  That frightened me a little since I remembered my breasts and pussy
were by far the most sensitive spots on my body but I also remembered the
fantastic orgasm. It had taken more than twenty to get it. It occurred to
me that if I asked for more on less sensitive places it would make it
easier to take the lashes on more sensitive areas. I didn't want to admit
to myself that I also hoped for an orgasm.
  "Mr. Marker. I don't have a good excuse for being late. I should get
ten to my bottom and ten to my thighs as well."
  " Good for you. I was giving you a break since this will be your first
real punishment.I am glad you realize you deserve more."
  I was happy he was pleased although saying this was to be my first
punishment seemed to mean my earlier whipping was minor. I became
frightened at his next statement since it indicated the man who had made
it exciting would not be doing it.
  "Since the main inconvenience was to Mr. Weiss he will provide your
lashes. Although you managed to stay in position very well at the last
session I believe we will secure you for this one."   
  When this was said it became obvious that this was not Mr Weiss's first
time. He scurried over to a closet to bring out four leather cuffs with
chains attached. While he was taking two of the chandeliers down from the
hooks in the ceiling I became a little frightened over the possibility he
may hit harder than Mr. Marker had. I had no thought of protesting the
whipping, but hoped for a compromise.
  " Sir. Could you give me the last twenty?"
  " No. That would not be fair to Mr. Weiss. The last twenty go to your
nipples and pussy."
  " Please. You are my Master you should finish with me. Let him have his
forty on other areas. Then you can give me twenty more at the end on my
sensitive parts."
  " Have you ever had sixty lashes?" 
  "No but I think it will be worth it if you finish. I know you do not
hit too hard. I don't know about Mr. Weiss. He looks mean."
  He did too. He had an evil look on his face as he hurried to get my
bonds ready.
  "Alright I will accept your suggestion but you may regret it."
  I didn't know what he was talking about. How bad could twenty more
lashes be since I was sure he would bring me to orgasm. I was to find
out.
  They moved the table out of the way and spread my legs very wide to
hook them to folding rings in the floor. Then they looped the chains over
the ceiling hooks and pulled the end hooks down to clip them onto the
chain. I was facing the large mirror. I was so vain! I was proud of the
way my body looked in the stretched position. My breasts were standing
out with no crease at the base and my tummy was perfectly flat. My only
concern was the fact that with my legs that far apart the lips of my cunt
were open making it likely the center lash would hit the soft, tender
inner part.
  They stopped to admire the way I looked and I again felt very proud as
Mr. Weiss told Mr. Marker that I was really beautiful and Mr. Marker
agreed. Mr Marker reminded Mr. Weiss to give his forty to my back, butt,
and thighs. I was sure I could take the pain easily in those areas and
was beginning to be anxious for the whipping to begin as my excitement
rose with the anticipation.
  He cheated from the start. He hit my back alright but stood close
enough for the ends to come around my body to hit the sides of my
breasts. The first lash hit the side of my right breast and was much
harder than I had been hit before. It made my breast slap against my
other one.Then he back-handed my back to bring the ends to my
left breast. My breasts jumped under the lash ten times making them throb
and burn. Then he began to bring the lash to the back of my thighs
causing me to scream when the ends snapped against my tender inner
thighs. On the last two the ends jerked my pussy lips apart. It hurt so
much I welcomed the next lash across my butt that put the tips on my
heart shaped cunt hair and my screams turned to moans and yips as the
lash continued down to contort my pussy lips.
  He stepped back and gave the whip to Mr. Marker. I sobbed as I
remembered his saying that all of his would be to my nipples and pussy
but at the same time I was fantastically excited at the prospect.
The first one came across my nipples and the pain increased a lot to make
me scream. My nipples popped out as if begging for more. I continued to
scream with each lash as my tits bounced around on my chest with each
blow. Incredibly when he stopped for a moment before beginning on my
crotch I felt the burning from my breasts seem to travel down my stomach
to excite my clitoris.  He finished up by facing me to bring the lash up
from the floor to land directly on my gash. I was just at that terrible
moment just before you come when he stopped. I was pumping my hips
furiously in an effort to get over the threshold to the relief of climax
when he moved to my rear. I had my eyes clenched shut panting and pumping
when my pussy exploded with pain. My eyes popped open as I screamed to
see in the mirror thongs from the whip appearing between my legs with the
ends landing in the area of my clit. Only the outer lashes were hitting
the inner cheeks of my ass the center ones were wrenching my anus and
pussy into wild contortions. The sight of this just seemed to add to the
excitement as I began orgasm after orgasm each stronger than the last.
  They left me hanging there panting, with perspiration and my pussy
juices running down my body as my orgasms subsided. 
  Mr.Marker helped Mr. Weiss get the rack of clothing out of the office
and came back to me. By this time I felt very weak as I took deep
shuddering breaths.
  He seemed concerned and asked me how I was. I whimpered "Oh God. My
whole body is burning!"
  "I am not surprised. Remember I only expected you to get twenty lashes.
You asked for the other forty."
  "Yes I know. I don't blame you. I hoped that lashes to my back butt and
thighs would excite me enough to make the ones on my breasts and pussy
bearable but he cheated! The ends hit all my sensitive places."
  "That is why I warned you but I can make you feel better."
  He released me then led me into a bathroom where he adjusted the
temperature of the multiple nozzles in the large shower enclosure. I was
enjoying the luxurious feeling of the fine sprays caressing my welted
body when I felt a soft sponge beginning to gently wash my back. When he
turned me around to bathe my breasts I looked down to see his beautiful
penis standing proudly straight up from his large balls. Without
hesitation I directed it into my pussy then held onto his shoulders to
lift my legs up to grip his butt to drive his dick into me as deeply and
rapidly as possible until we both reached climax.
  This was my first real sex for several months. My ex for the last few
months before he left would just have me blow him as I knelt in front of
him. There was no effort to let me come. Naturally sex with Mr. Marker
was immensely satisfying.
  After drying each other with huge very soft towels he led me over to
the couch which turned out to be a hide-a-bed. We laid on it resting as
he idly caressed my breasts and pussy.
  " Is your pussy very sore?"
  " Oh yes but I don't care. It just makes it more sensitive for your
caresses."
  "It is your fault you know. You asked for the additional lashes."
  "Yes but I thought it might be better to work up to lashes to my
breasts and pussy by having my butt whipped first. I didn't know he would
cheat by hitting my back and breasts, butt and pussy at the same time.
The initial pain was terrible."
  "Even so, you must admit you became very excited as it continued."
  "Yes, and I don't understand. My ex-husband beat me and it was just
terrible. Somehow this was different."
  "No doubt because the situation was so much different. In this you
participated and even requested more."
  "Oh God. You are right. Am I crazy?"
  "No. You are simply very sensual and should be proud."
  I felt so relaxed and grateful as he caressed the welts on my body I
was wishing it could last forever. Finally he spoke.
  " This has been eminently satisfying but it is time to get back to
work. I must have several calls on my answering service and I still have
to show you your duties."
  He had me put on a pair of my transparent panties and the leather
outfit while he showed me around.
  It seemed that my ass would be exposed a lot as the suspenders would
pull up my skirt when I reached up to the high shelves and he insisted I
bend over with straight legs rather than squat to get to the lower
shelves and fax machine. He would get a great view when I used the fax as
it was on a low platform directly in front of his desk. When I tried it
my skirt rose to the top of my butt.
  I was glad to see the typing was easy. It was just a matter of
addressing invoices or statements and typing in the items and their cost.
I just had to copy the addresses off the rolodex and copy the numbers
from his handwritten notes. Almost all letters were form letters on the
computer and I just had to fill in the blanks and bring them to him. It
took me awhile to learn how to operate the computer which earned me a lot
of spankings over the next few weeks while I bent over and gripped my
ankles. To my regret the spankings did not last long enough to get me to
orgasm and there was no sex afterwards as he genuinely wanted to punish
me.
  I continued to go though the shelves to memorize the location of all
the forms and supplies I may need and practiced typing on the computer
while he talked on the phone constantly for the rest of the afternoon
with his many customers and suppliers. Part of my duties was writing
checks to his creditors. When I paid the phone bill I found he had
customers all over the world. I checked every call as I could not
conceive the idea of a four thousand dollar phone bill.
  In between doing the work I would get up to look at my red skin
reawakening my excitement. I was amazed to see it gradually lighten until
by four oclock I looked normal. No-one would have believed I had been
whipped and I began to think I had exaggerated the pain which was
completely gone except for pleasing tingles at my nipples and clitoris. 
  Finally he hung up and brought over my cashmere coat and silk blouse. 
  " It is quitting time. Come on and I'll show your car."
  We went down to the basement garage. He must have loved the color
white. There was a white Rolls-Royce  and a cute little Mazda Miata
sports car in the same color.
  I drove home enjoying the admiring looks of the people in other cars. I
really felt rich and beautiful. I hurried up the stairs to our little
studio apartment to tell my daughter the good news.
  " My God Mom, You are really beautiful! Who fixed your hair and where
did you get that fantastic coat."
  " That isn't all. Look at this."
  I took off the coat to show her the rest.
  " Wow! I have never seen anything so sexy. That blouse must have cost a
fortune."
  She came over to feel the material of the blouse and skirt.
  " Wow. The skirt is real leather. it is expensive too. I have looked at
them and felt them in the stores but I have never seen one with leather
this soft. I would love to have one like it. It is awful short though and
I can see your breasts through the blouse. Why aren't you wearing a bra?"
  " Mr. Marker doesn't want me to wear one. Are you ashamed of me?"
  " Oh no. You look fabulous. It makes your legs look great and you don't
need a bra. They don't sag at all. Who is Mr. Marker?"
  I told her about being hired and how I was going to love my job. I
didn't tell her about being whipped of course, although the memory kept
flashing through my mind reawakening the excitement.
  " Come on. There is more."
  When she saw the car she jumped up and down with excitement.
  " This thing costs about twenty K. For this and the clothes Mr. Marker
could keep me naked while I worked for him! Can we go for a ride!"
  Her statement confirmed my opinion that being whipped naked was a small
price to pay. I was glad that I no longer had to be ashamed at my
willingness to please Mr, Marker since I seemed to have full approval
from the only person who mattered to me.
  I put her in the car to take her to a restaurant to celebrate. I
noticed how shabby she looked next to me so we stopped at a mall so I
could get her a new blouse, skirt and shoes with part of the two hundred
dollar salary advance Mr. Marker had given me. I noticed while she tried
on different clothes in the dressing room that her breasts had grown. It
was obvious she was going to have my figure in a year or two. Her panties
were raggy too. I got her a pair of pink bikini panties and matching
transparent bra. When she took off her panties I saw she had hair on her
crotch and I felt guilty that I had never noticed her development in my
grief. We had the best dinner we had eaten for years. I had never seen
her so happy and thanked God for Mr. Marker.
  The next few weeks were exciting but fairly routine. I received one or
two spankings a day for minor transgressions. I was disappointed that he
was too engrossed in his work to fuck me.
  I became so frustrated I was waggling my butt at him as I was faxing
memos in the hope he would get excited and make love to me. I was not
paying enough attention to what I was doing and it took a paper in
crookedly and jammed! Lights began flashing and an alarm went off loudly.
It shook me so much I just stood there trying to remember what to do to
fix it. He finally pulled me out of the way and pushed the button to turn
off the alarm and released the feed slot to pull out the paper. It was so
simple I really felt stupid.
  " Jesus Christ. I showed you twice what to do if this happened. I
couldn't concentrate on my conversation with that damn alarm going. Come
with me."
  He switched on the answering service and locked the door as he led me
into the conference room and had me help him move the table. I knew what
was going to happen so I took off my clothes while he went to the closet
for the cuffs and whip.
  He strung me up as I had been for Mr. Weiss's spanking and proceeded to
cover every inch of my torso from my shoulder blades to the inner thighs
just below my butt and then went to my front to whip me from the tops of
my breasts finishing with several upper-cuts to my splayed pussy. He hit
much harder than he had before but by starting on my back then moving to
my butt and thighs causing tremendous stimulation running to my crotch my
excitement made me glory in the pain even to my more sensitive breasts.
The first lash to my open pussy sent me into orgasm which just got
stronger as the lash became wet and made a "Splatting!" sound as the
thongs seemed to go deep into my body.
  While I was still hanging there in the throes of climax he dropped his
pants and shorts and drove his throbbing dick into me pulling me back and
forth creating even more stretch to my arms and legs. After he came he
untied my legs but only loosened my wrists to leave me standing there. I
stood there looking at myself in the mirror. I looked wild! My whole body
was glistening with my perspiration which seemed to make the whip marks
glow and my breasts were heaving from my deep breathing.He just left me
there as after-shocks hit my glowing red body while he went back to his
phone still naked. Finally he released me. I wanted to let him know I was
not angry about the whipping and decided the best way to prove it was to
slip to my knees and take his cock in my mouth without being forced as my
husband had done. It was my ultimate submission which he recognized by
saying, "Yes. Now you know your place. You can always thank me for my
mercy this way."
  I swallowed his cum as my husband had insisted and looked up at him
happy that he was smiling at me. 
  He led me to the shower. I was hoping he would join me and stayed in
longer than I needed to. Finally he came in the bathroom fully dressed to
my disappointment and told me to get out so he could dry me off. I was
grateful for even this bit of tenderness.
  He told me to go on home so I dressed. Just as I was leaving he stopped
me to give me a kiss. I was so happy that he was no longer mad at me I
skipped over to my car.
  My daughter was still not home from school so I went into the bathroom
to put some salve on the places the lashes had hit in the same place that
were oozing a little blood. Even they seemed worth it as it had made Mr.
Marker excited enough to fuck me to continue my orgasms.
  Suddenly the door popped open and my daughter stood there with a
shocked expression on her face.
  " Jesus Mom! What happened to you!"
  " I did a dumb thing at work so I had to be punished."
  " Did you deserve that!?"
  " Yes. I know you won't understand but I agreed to be whipped if I was
bad."
  " Well I guess you have no reason to complain. Does it hurt awfully?"
  " No not really. Actually somehow it was very exciting. The only place
I hurt is where the lashes crossed over. See?"
  I pointed to a spot that had a small scab on it and she took the salve
out of my hand and gently began to put it on my welts. I was embarrassed
when she got to my pussy and said.
  " I have never seen your pussy before. The heart is really cute. Could
you shave mine that way?"
  I laughed. " It might cause quite a bit of talk in the locker room when
you take your shower."
  " I would like that. I need to do something to impress the girls. I am
the new kid and they just ignore me."
  " I'll think about it. My muscles are a little sore from being hung up.
Would you give me a massage?"
  That got her attention.
  " What do you mean hung up? I want to hear every little detail about
your whipping."
  We went into my bedroom and she got some baby oil and began to rub my
arms, back and legs. While I was getting the soothing massage I told her
how Mr. Marker had told me to take off my clothes and had hung me up and
whipped me. She wanted every detail of the cuffs, the whips and how they
felt when they hit my breasts and pussy. I noticed she was shaking a
little as she had me turn over to do my front. We both became excited as
she rubbed my pussy. I became ashamed I was being turned on by my own
daughter, told her that was good enough and sat up.
  " How do you feel now?"
  " Really good. Thank you for the massage honey."
  Her voice kind of caught as she said,
  " Mom.. I know what you mean about it being exciting. I never told you
but Dad used to spank me a lot when you weren't home. I really began to
look forward to it. Especially when he would spank my pussy with the end
of his belt. It never really hurt that bad and didn't leave any marks
except it would be really red for a few hours. I would get really excited
until I reached a point where I got this fantastic feeling and then felt
terrifically relaxed and drowsy."
  " Oh God. We are just alike! You should have told me! I would have
killed the bastard if I had known. Imagine doing that to your own
daughter."
  " I am glad I told you now but to be honest I never told you before
because I was afraid you would make him stop. I knew you wouldn't like it
because he would never do it if you were just going to be gone for a
short time."
  " What else did he do to you?"
  " Not much. After spanking my pussy he would stick his finger in his
mouth to wet it then move it around at the top of my pussy. That felt
good but he would always quit to go to the bathroom before I got to the
great feeling again so I would have to use my own finger to get there."
  I knew he wasn't going to the bathroom to take a leak. That explained
why when I was gone and he knew when I would be back he always hurried
Mindy out to play or put her to bed early so I could give him a blow-job.
I was mad at him but was happy Mindy did not seem upset about it.
  " Mom can we trim my pussy hair now? Please. Pretty please."
  I got the scissors and razor while she took off her clothes I had to
envy the way her boobies stood up even lying on her back. They seemed to
be growing daily. I remembered How I had felt during this time of growth
and how I wanted to show the whole world how great they were. As I
trimmed the hair to a brush cut I had to grin thinking how much more she
would be enjoying this if the man who did mine was doing it. When I
picked up the razor she said she had changed her mind and wanted a "happy
face" the circle was easy enough but then I realized the razor was too
big to cut out the eyes and mouth. When I told her she would have to
settle for a moon shape she suggested I use tweezers to form the eyes and
mouth.
  " That would hurt."
  " Yes I know. Just do it."
  I pulled out the hairs one by one. She made no protest. She just moaned
and gripped her tits so tightly I was afraid she would bruise them. I
realized she enjoyed the pain like me so I pulled them very slowly
watching the skin raise till the hair popped out.
  We both became excited as I finished the smile and when I sat upright
her finger dove for her clit. I sat there watching her get increasingly
agitated till she whined,
  " Help me. Please help me. I can't get over."
  " I had started her agitation with the tweezing of her hair. I had
enjoyed watching her excitement build so it was the least I could do! I
moved her finger out of the way and replaced it with my tongue. She
immediately grabbed my head and pressed it against her until her panting
and grunts turned to a sigh and she dropped her hands at her sides.
  When it was over I was a mass of emotions. I felt a deep guilt over
what had just happened while at the same time I felt incredibly horny. I
was sobbing and tears were running down my cheeks with remorse  while I
was digging at my pussy and clutching my breast to maintain the
excitement. Mindy slowly came back to reality and heard my sobs.
  " Mama. What's wrong"
  " Oh Mindy! I feel so terribly guilty. You are my one and only daughter
and I went down on you like a sex-crazed lesbian. I am as bad as your
father. No! Worse! At least he didn't fuck you.
  " Oh Mom. Don't feel bad. It was wonderful and I needed you."
  Through choking sobs I answered, " Nnno. Itt was wrong. I shouldn't
have done it. I feel so guilty."
  " Maybe if you are so guilty. You should be punished. It may relieve
your guilt."
  "Nnnooo That won't work. I like to be punished."
  " How can you be so sure. You have never been punished by a woman.
Especially not by your daughter."
  "You are wrong. I have been punished by a woman. A nun spanked me in
Catholic school. I never forgot. I just hated it." 
  " Great. Wait here. I will find something."
  She came back a little later with an eighteen inch flat rubber bungee
cord we had used to hold our meager possessions on the car when we moved.
It looked extremely painful.
  " But it has hooks on the end. It will tear my skin."
  " Naw, the hooks come right off. See? Since you are bigger and stronger
than me I brought others to hold you in place in case you change your
mind. It shouldn't turn you on if I just hit your butt."
  She handed me the rubber thong after she had slid out the hooks. And I
noted it's weight and the length that would  provide leverage. As an
experiment I hit my thigh with it. It really hurt!
  " Ow! That thing really hurts."
  " Of course it does. It is supposed to. You said you wanted to be
punished. If you just get a little pain you will just get turned on like
I did when you pulled out my pussy hair."
   God. That was a cheap shot. I had enjoyed her whimpers as I slowly
pulled out the hairs. I knew it would not have hurt nearly as much if I
had just jerked them out instead of slowly pulling them till the skin was
stretched before the hair gave. I also enjoyed the fact that it had
turned her on. At least I had the whole weekend to heal. There was no
doubt I would be bruised.
   " Yes, you are right. Spank me with it."
  She tied me to our old fashioned iron bed by making a couple of wraps
around my wrist and ankles and hooking the cord around the bedposts. She
had to pull as hard as she could to get them hooked. Then she slid a
board under my hips to force my ass up in the air so she could put
pillows at my hip joints to raise my ass so high my legs and arms did not
touch the bed.
  Finally she was satisfied and asked me how many spanks I thought I
could take. I told her maybe twenty.
  " Alright. You are probably underestimating hoping it will just make
you excited so I will give you thirty so you can be punished the way you
say you should."
  That wasn't true, just one had hurt and I thought I was being
incredibly brave to ask for twenty but when I protested she jammed a pair
of panties in my mouth and held them in with a bandanna.
  " In case you scream we don't want to scare the neighbors into calling
the cops. Also I would feel sorry for you and quit if I heard you
scream."
  She started from my left side and started at the top of the round part
of my butt and worked down. The pain was indescribable but I found that
my butt began to get numb and it was bearable except when she got to the
bottom and began hitting my inner thighs and the lips of my pussy. I was
sobbing uncontrollably when she went to the other side and repeated the
process. she hit me very hard but spaced apart so I could anticipate the
next place the whip would land. remarkably I began to look forward to the
upcoming blows to my pussy and when it happened I came eruptively and
lost consciousness.
  I awoke to find I was untied but still lying on the pillows as Mindy
was putting cold wet towels on my ass.
  She realized I was awake when I turned my head toward her. She was
crying.
  " Oh Mom I am so sorry. I didn't mean to hit so hard. I didn't know I
would like whipping someone so much. I came. I came twice!"
  " Don't feel bad Mindy. So did I."
  " Really! You are awesome. I would have passed out by the third or
fourth hit." 
  " I doubt it. You are a tough kid. I guess the punishment didn't prove
anything though."
  " Yes it did. It just proved we are awesomely sexy people. We don't
have to feel guilty. God made us this way."
  I was quick to agree with this explanation. It was either that or
enroll us in a mental institution. I got up to inspect the damage. There
was a lot. Every place the thick end of the rubber hit there was a bruise
which meant almost all of my ass had bruises. To my surprise there was no
blood.
  " Don't worry mom I will put salve on it every two hours night and day.
It will be okay."
  She was right. Either the salve or her massages removed all the welts
and just left faint bruises by Monday. If Mr. Marker noticed them I
planned to tell him they were left over from my Friday whipping. 
  I didn't do anything to deserve a spanking monday or tuesday so he
didn't notice the bruises from his desk as I flashed my butt faxing memos
and taking things out of shelves.
  Wednesday was a slow day so while sitting at my desk It dawned on me
that it was close to the end of the month and now we could move out of
that rat haven we called home. When he sent me down to pick up our
lunches from the fancy restaurant I stopped and picked up a newspaper to
look for a new apartment. 
  After lunch I faxed a few messages for him and then sat at my desk to
redline possible apartments. Even though I felt rich after being so hard
up I was disappointed in the few apartments we could afford. There must
have been a lapse in phone calls as I sensed him near me.
  " What are you doing?"
  " I have to find another apartment where my daughter can go to a better
school. It is kind of disappointing. There are not many I can afford in
good neighborhoods."
  "You didn't tell me you had a daughter. How old is she?"
  " She's twelve but she looks fifteen. I am afraid someone in our
terrible neighborhood might rape her."
  " You don't need an apartment. I have a huge house. Maybe you could
move in with me."
  " It seems like a terrible imposition. Aren't you afraid we will
disturb your peace. You have never had kids, you might be bugged by my
daughter."
  " If your daughter is like you I am sure I will love her."
  " She is like me alright. She already has breasts nearly as big as
mine.In a year or two we will look like twins. She knows you whip me when
I am bad and she understands. She would expect to be whipped too if she
is bad."
  That convinced him totally. I felt a little guilty about offering her
but I was sure she wouldn't mind and the idea of having a whole house and
the probability of much more sex made it more than worth it.
  " As far as being an imposition is concerned you and your daughter can
do the housekeeping and I can fire that crotchety old housekeeper my Dad
hired. I have been going to do it for years but I just haven't found time
to interview a replacement. Naturally if you don't do a good job you will
be punished."
  I told him again that we would both expect that.
  " As far as school is concerned all the schools in this town are bad. I
am constantly hearing about high school graduates who can't read. I will
arrange a private tutor."
  " That sounds wonderful. Are you sure? We will do anything to make you
happy."
  " I wouldn't have offered if I wasn't sure, and I expect both of you to
make me happy. Where do you live? I'll have Mayflower come and move your
things."
  " Oh that won't be necessary. We live in a furnished apartment. We can
get all our things in the Miata."
   He lifted his eyebrows at that. 
  " Fine. Here is a remote control to open the main gate and here is a
key to get in the house if I am not there. I have to take a client to
dinner but I shouldn't be long as I don't like him. My house is isolated
so you will need this map."
  " Now. Since that is decided. We need to deal with your doing personal
business on my time. I am not positive I gave you that advice so I will
just give you ten lashes. Where do you want them."
  " Oh sir. Please give them anywhere you want. You won't even have to
tie me. I will get in any position you want."
  " I appreciate your cooperation. I will just use a small whip. Take off
your clothes and lie on your back on the table."
  When he came back from the closet I looked at his hand. It was a small
whip! It had several leather thongs just a little bigger than leather
boot-strings and staggered from about six to eight inches long. He had me
spread my legs till the outside of my thighs were touching the table.
Then he had me use my thumbs to pull my pussy lips up against my inner
thighs. I was beginning to be sorry I made the offer to take any position
because there was no way he could tie me to make my pussy and clitoris so
vulnerable.
  At the first lash the back of my head hit the table as I arched up and
brought my hands over my pussy. He waited for me to settle down and
smiled as I opened my legs again and pulled my pussy lips apart
whimpering, "I'm sorry. I'll keep it open for you." 
  He did appreciate my bravery the next lash was not as hard and then
they became coming faster to make my excitement peak. The different
lengths allowed the fast moving tips to hit the whole face of my pussy.
By the eighth or ninth lash I was coming convulsively and screamed.
  " Don't stop. Please don't stop."
  He kept hitting me till I could no longer stand it and let my hands
slide away from my pussy. I was so sensitive I felt the lips close. I
felt him spreading them again and braced my self for the lash. Instead of
the burning lash I felt his tongue press against my clit. I was in
seventh heaven. Somewhere along the line I lost consciousness. When I
became aware of my location I looked through the cleavage of my boobs to
see him putting salve on my pussy. I don't know where he got that salve.
It had Chinese or Japanese writing on it. It worked miracles! My pussy
was barely sore. My clitoris was still tingling but I was enjoying that.
  He became aware I was awake when I said feebly,
  " Thank you sir. Oh thank you."
  " You are truly amazing! Do you know I hit you twenty-one times till
you moved your hands? 
  " I am afraid I was much too excited to count."
  " Well I am glad you are alright. I have to leave now. When you feel up
to it you may go home and pack.
  I was exhausted so I just laid back on the table and went to sleep for
awhile. When I woke up my clitoris was still tingling a little which kept
me aware of it all the way home. 
  It took more time to sort our junk and decide what to throw away than
it did to pack. When the sorting was done we could get everything into
three cardboard boxes which we jammed into the back seat and trunk. 
  It was a good thing he gave me the map. Even with it I missed a couple
of little gravel roads that were poorly marked. We finally came to a huge
wrought iron gate. It had a sign on it stating,
  " TRESPASSERS WILL BE SHOT THEN PROSECUTED."
  I pushed the button on the remote control and the gate slowly opened.
It was very impressive. We drove about a mile up the paved driveway
through beautiful scenery. We finally came out from behind the trees and
saw the house. It was not a house, it was a mansion. It made our
governors mansion look cheap. It was a two story glowing white stucco,
white marble, and dark stained wood trim. There was a five car garage.
Everywhere I looked there were rose and flower gardens with pools. Most
of the pools had fountains or waterfalls. We both stood by our car
totally awed by our surroundings.
  I opened the huge front door with the key he had given me. It swung
open easily although it must have weighed hundreds of pounds. We faced a
large hall with a curving stairway about forty feet in front of us that
led upstairs.
  We began to wander around to find a huge formal living room full of
heavy carved antique furniture, a dining room that would seat fifty
people, a large recreation room with a pool table, a billiard table, a
snooker table and a well stocked bar. Adjoining it was a TV room with
rows of shelves containing video tapes and the biggest TV I had ever
seen. Mindy wanted to see MTV but the system was operated by a computer
and we did not know how to work it.
  There were bathrooms off every room and the kitchen was all stainless
steel with everything you might find in a restaurant. Mindy opened
freezers and refrigerators that stocked as much food as you would find in
a small grocery store. One refrigerator was full of wine and exported
beer.
  I was glad I was wearing the dress he had bought me as I felt I fit in
with all the other luxuries. I had just been to Cicely's a few days
before and looked good. I began to feel sorry for Mindy. Even the new
clothes we bought for her looked cheap in these surroundings.
  We did not know where we were supposed to stay so we just brought in
our boxes and waited in the Recreation room for him.
  I drank beer and Mindy had pop while we played pool. Neither of us were
good at it so we got bored and sat there sipping our drinks and looking
at travel books from all over the world. That reminded me that he did not
travel much for someone in his business. When I asked him about it later
he explained that he used to travel a lot but now he had agents in
several countries who send him video tapes of articles he might be
interested in marketing. It was getting late when I got to thinking about
how a man as impatient as he was could stand to commute every day to
work. It had taken us two hours to get here. That mystery was solved when
we heard a loud chopping noise and ran out of the house to see a
helicopter settling down on a concrete pad by the garage.  
  We ran over to him as he started toward us while the blades of the
helicopter slowed down to a stop.
  " I am glad you found the place alright. This must be Mindy. You were
right, soon she will be as lovely as you." Then he frowned slightly as he
continued, " At least as soon as we get her some decent clothing. Where
did you get those rags?"
  Mindy was hurt and embarrassed but brightened considerably as he
continued, " We will take her to town with us tomorrow and refit her from
head to toe. Are you hungry? There are some cold-cuts and things in the
kitchen."
  After we had our late snack of meats and exotic cheeses Mr. Marker told
us he would show us our rooms. On the way he saw our boxes. He picked up
a few items and told us to keep anything of sentimental value and throw
out the rest. He never wanted to see us in off the rack clothing.
  Our rooms adjoined his huge Master bedroom. Either of our bedrooms were
larger than our old apartment. They had a bathroom with a jacuzzi tub and
the familiar large shower with multiple nozzles. There were huge mirrors
in both the baths and bedrooms, a huge dressing room with every cosmetic
and perfume I had ever heard of. They both had the computer styled tv.
Mr. Marker showed us how to operate the tv,s by picking the satellite we
wanted and having a guide for each satellite printed. The tv picked up
all the U.S.,Canada,Japanese, and european channels. he explained,
  " I have a friend in Tokyo who is an electronic genius. He designed
this system for me. A lot of channels, especially the movie and erotic
channels are scrambled. This system unscrambles the signals to give us a
clear picture. I am sure the CIA would be upset if they knew I could read
their signals." He laughed, "The funny part is I wrote the whole thing
off my income tax as I watch the shopping channels to make sure my
products are properly advertized and to look for new products."
  Mindy was ecstatic and had MTV on in minutes. Mr. Marker told us we had
all had a long day and should go to bed. I was tired and followed his
advice slipping into beautiful silk sheets in the king size bed. I went
to sleep immediately but was awakened a little later by tapping on my
door. I ran to the door hoping Mr. Marker couldn't sleep and wanted to
make love to me. It was Mindy.
  " Mom! This tv is fabulous I got a floor show from France, a sexy movie
from Denmark and right now There is a show where an asian man has tied a
woman to a pole and is scorching her breasts with a candle. Hurry and see
before it is over."
  " No thanks. I would put myself in her place and I think that is more
pain than I could take. You have years to watch tv. You had better go to
bed. Wait till you see the sheets."
  " Yes I know. Aren't they fabulous?  I can't imagine sleeping in them
any way but naked. Are you sure I will have years here? It seems like a
dream. I expect to wake up in the morning in our hovel."
  " It's no dream. And it will last as long as Mr. Marker is happy with
us. I don't plan to make him unhappy. Do you?"
  " Gosh no. I'll do anything it takes to keep him happy."
  " Speaking of that. The man who designed my clothes will probably do
yours. He has to take a lot of measurements of your nude body. Will that
bother you?"     
  " I have never been nude in front of a strange man before but it seems
a low price to pay for new clothes. I'll go to sleep now. I don't want to
look puffy-eyed in the morning."
  My telephone woke me. When I answered Mr. Marker told me to shower and
hurry on down as breakfast would be ready at eight. I took a quick shower
as soon as I was sure Mindy was awake. My bath was equipped with hair
driers and cosmetics much better than mine so I dropped my stuff in the
wastebasket.
  When I got to the kitchen I apologized.
  " I am sorry. I should have got breakfast for you. I feel guilty that
you did it."
  " Are you kidding? I can't cook and don't want to learn. John makes
breakfast in the morning and I usually eat at restaurants in the evening.
Mindy will have to prepare her own lunch. We will bring Mindy's dinner to
her. There is an oven and cooler in the helicopter."
  As he said this Mindy came running in.
  " Oh Mr. Marker. This place is just fabulous. The bed was heavenly."
  Breakfast was Eggs Benedict, potatoes au gratin, assorted fresh fruit,
and sweet rolls that melted in your mouth.
  " John is a great cook but I am afraid if this meal is an example I may
get fat."
  Mindy asked, " Who is John?"
  " John is a chef who got sick of the city and became a cowboy. I hired
him to maintain my stable then discovered he was also a great chef."
  Mindy squealed, " You have horses? I have always wanted to ride one."
  " Yes. Lots of them. I am not sure how many. They are all pure white
Arabians. You have four hundred acres to ride them in. If you get lost
just give the horse his head. He will bring you back to the stable. They
look forward to the grain they get after a ride.
  " Which reminds me. In regard to your getting fat. Neither of you are
in as good a shape as you could be. I have designed an exercise program
for you. Part of it will be riding horses or running behind mine."
  Mindy and I agreed we needed more exercise. It was now time to go to
town. Mindy and I had the time of our lives. We had never seen a
helicopter up close let alone ride in one. The scenery in Seattle is
beautiful and it was a kick to fly low over the buildings to land at a
pad on top of a building then take the elevator to the basement. We rode
the rest of the way in his Rolls. Mindy remained in awe over her new
station in life as did I.
  About an hour after we arrived at the office Mr. Weiss arrived. It was
deja vu. They had her strip and I knew exactly the mixed feelings she had
of humiliation, embarrassment and pride as they fondled her body while
taking measurements and complimenting her on her beauty. Mr. Marker
ordered tons of clothes from very sexy things to wear in private, street
clothes, short cocktail dresses, thong bikinis, blouses, coats, and of
course g-sting panties like mine. While he was at it he ordered more
clothes for me. The only coat they found that fit her was a white fake
fur. Mr. Marker explained to me later that he could easily afford real
fur but felt no reason to kill animals for the vanity of women.
  He had her put on a pair of transparent panties then escorted Mr Weiss
out the door asking him to dispose of her old clothes.
  Mindy asked,
  " You gave him my clothes. What am I going to wear?"
  " You will wear what you have on for the next hour. Then you will put
on your coat and go to Cicely's. Do you object to that?
  " Oh no sir. If that makes you happy, it makes me happy."
  " Good. Janet, tell her how to get to Cicely's and the restaurant and
give her fifty dollars out of petty cash for lunch."
  I told her how she would love Cicely's and the restaurant and gave her
directions.
  Mr. Marker told her to go in the kitchen and make us some coffee. After
she served us she sat on the couch and  watched the boats on Puget Sound
till he brought her the coat and told her it was time to go. As she was
bouncing out the door he told her to be back by 2:00 PM. She was gone
before I could warn her not to be late.
  She was back by 1:45. Like me she had been too excited to eat a large
lunch. She took off her coat as soon as she entered the door wearing only
the panties and went to Mr. Marker to give him the change. She came back
to tell me how wonderful everything was and added.
  " I don't have the happy face anymore. Mr. Marker had told them it was
crass and to remove it. He did not want the hair to become coarse from
shaving so they plucked them out. I am embarrassed. I came and I think
they knew it. I look like a baby again."
  I told her not to worry about it. They were very discreet. Then Mr.
Marker noticed we were talking.
  " Mindy. Come here." 
  She walked over to the front of his desk and stood there with her legs
apart and her hands behind her back to display her body as she had been
instructed.
  " No come around to me"
  When she was in position he pulled her panties down her thighs and felt
all over her pussy.
  " They did a good job of getting rid of that happy-face. It feels very
soft. Do you miss it?"
  " Oh no sir. If I find a hair I will pluck it out for you."
  He pulled her panties back up snugly against her so the center went
slightly into the crack. Gave it a couple of pats and told her that was
all and to get herself a cup of coffee or a bottle of pop.
  I am ashamed to admit that I was sorry she had made it back in time
because I was curious about her reaction to her first whipping. I wanted
to see if she really was like me. I was sure it would excite me since I
would know exactly what she was feeling.
  She went to the couch but became bored in a few minutes and came over
to me to describe the pampering she received at Cicely's.
  Mr. Marker noticed and spoke.
  " Mindy, you mother has work to do. We will be going to Brazil in a few
weeks, take this book and read the chapters dealing with it. Study in the
kitchen and stop bothering your mother."
  It was a college textbook. I was ashamed not to know whether or not she
could read that well. At quitting time he called her out to stand in
front of him.
  " Did you read all four chapters."
  " Yes Sir. It was very interesting. I am looking forward to going
there."
  " Let us see what you learned."
  He asked her all the questions at the end of the chapters. She gave
wrong answers to ten of the questions.
  " You will have to learn to study better if you want to go to college.
I will give you a spank for each missed question. Have you been spanked
before?"
  " No sir but I know I deserve it. Actually you should give me twenty." 
  She had lied but I realized it was a shrewd move to make him think he
was the first. It worked because he smiled broadly as he said,
  " Yes I agree. Both of you get undressed while I get the paddle."
  By the time he had come back with a strap about four inches wide we
were both naked and standing there nervously awaiting his next order.
  " Janet, spread your legs widely. Mindy put your head between her legs
and hold on to her knees."
  By the time Mindy had received her twenty spanks we were both in full
orgasm. I was excited both by seeing the strap hitting her ass because I
could imagine the feeling, and the feel of her hair rubbing against my
pussy as she lunged with each lash. We were both sweating from the
experience so Mr. Marker had us take a shower where we enjoyed the
feeling of the atomized warm spray as we lathered each others body. I
asked her how she felt and she said, It was really strange. The sight of
the strap frightened me and the first spanks hurt awful but as it went on
the pain turned to pure excitement. Even though he just came close to my
pussy I came!"
 When we had finished drying each other we came out to find Mr. Weiss's
shop had delivered a few of Mindy and my clothes.
  He had us dress in lovely silk cocktail dresses then we rode to the
Space Needle for dinner. This was a first for both of us. We enjoyed the
changing scenery as the restaurant turned slowly to provide new views.
Mindy was proud of the fact that in the makeup provided by Cicely's and
the sexy dress the waiter assumed she was old enough and filled her wine
glass when he poured ours.
  By the time we were going back down in the elevator she was in the
giggly stage and Mr. Marker had to tell her to settle down and be quiet.
When we were back in the Rolls he told her that she would have to learn
how to handle her liquor better and that she would be punished for her
unseemly behavior when we got back to the house.
  " I am sorry I embarrassed you sir. I should be punished severely!"
  By the time we entered the front door Mindy was totally sober and
shaking with anticipation. Mr. Marker had us undress then tied Mindy's
arms and legs to a large ottoman face up that caused her stomach to arch
upwards.
  "It will amuse me to see your mother administer the punishment. You
must remember that this is an exception. I will always either do any
punishment necessary or order it done. Neither of you are to indulge in
any punishment unless I am present."
  " Oh yes mom. Do it. Do it hard! I want Mr. Marker to know how sorry I
am for my behavior."
  The idea excited me as I asked. " Yes sir How many lashes should I give
her?"
  " I think you will know when they are sufficient."
  I realized then that I was to whip her till she came from the
excitement of the thonged whip he gave me.
  I knew just where to hit her to give the most exciting pain and
alternated lashes from her breasts, to her lower stomach, her pussy, and
her inner thighs. I don't know how many times I hit her. I stopped when
it was obvious she was in the throes of multiple orgasm. 
  Thank God the exhibition was enough to excite Mr. Marker. He had me
untie her while he undressed and laid on his back so I could mount his
wonderful penis while Mindy sat on his face. We pinched and fondled each
others breasts as I bounced on his dick savagely while I listened to the
slurping sound of his tongue and mouth working on her cunt. He lasted a
long time before he came and Mindy and I were nearly hysterical when he
pushed her off his face. He let us sleep with him that night and we felt
very loved as he held us in his arms till we went to sleep.
  The next morning I realized he did not have a srong sex drive because
when Mindy and I awakened him by stroking his flaccid penis an action
that would have excited a normal man he simply pushed our hands away and
got up to shower. I knew then that the only way he became excited was by
causing us pain. 
  It was a Saturday and he had a golf date. He asked me to make us a late
brunch to be ready at 3:00 PM. I bustled around the kitchen to decide on
the menu and locate cookbooks while Mindy explored the house and grounds.
I was concentrating very hard to have everything perfect and on time.
Mindy kept bugging me by running in to tell me of some new wonder that
she had discovered. When she kept doing it after I had asked her twice to
leave me alone. I became very angry. I grabbed her and hit her butt and
thighs very hard with the wooden spoon I had in my hand. She ran off
crying.
  Everything was coming out very well and on time when I heard him come
through the front door. Then I heard Mindy crying and yelling through her
sobs.
  " Mr. Marker. Mother beat me horribly for no reason. Look at my
terrible bruises!"
  The phoney little bitch had stopped crying hours before and had been
quietly watching a video tape on TV. I could see how she could show him
her bruises so easily as she was just wearing her g-string panties. She
had been wearing one of the english riding outfits he had bought her when
I had hit her. He was telling her he would talk to me about it as he
entered the kitchen.
  The meal was perfect and I felt better when he complimented me on it.
Mindy had stopped carrying on right after he told her he would talk to me
and watched me in triumph until we had finished and I was refilling his
wine glass with an excellent french wine.
  " I want to make this perfectly clear. No-one is to be punished unless
I do it or order it done. How many times did she hit you Mindy?"
  " Gee I don't know sir. It hurt too bad to think. It must have been
about twenty times."  
  " She is lying! I couldn't have hit her more than five or six times."
  " That is not important. The fact remains that she is badly bruised and
I don't want either of your body's beauty marred unless you really
deserve it. Telling you about the things that interest Mindy while you
are cooking hardly seems like an event that warrants this amount of
punishment."
  I realized it was futile to argue so simply said,
  " I am sorry sir. It won't happen again."
  " I am sure it won't, especially after you have suffered through your
punishment. Come with me."
  We entered his elevator and he punched out a combination of numbers on
the keyboard on the wall. The elevator began to descend! I had no idea
there was a basement. When the elevator door opened there was another
huge door with a keyboard beside it. He punched another combination which
started the door sliding into the wall. When he turned on the light I
became very frightened. It was a dungeon with every torture device I had
seen at a wax Museum in San Francisco plus others. The chains hanging
from the walls and ceilings only added to my dread. 
  When I was naked he chained me to a wheel about four feet tall by
eighteen inches wide. I was face up and when he operated the winch to
tighten my chains. I could feel the vertebras in my back separating and
my joints coming apart and began to scream. He told me I could scream all
I wanted to. He could have a house full of guests and they wouldn't be
able to hear me. Then he turned it off and left me there in great pain
while he and Mindy went into another room.
  It seemed like hours as my pain increased by the minute until I heard
his voice.
  " Since you are in a dungeon I decided we should dress for the part."
  I turned my head to see a frightening sight.
  He was wearing tight leather pants with a studded belt and a leather
hood over his head. Mindy was wearing a black leather bra with holes in
it that were compressing her breasts to round hard balls. There were lead
weights on chains attached to her nipples with toothed clamps. She wore
black leather panties and was carrying an evil looking whip with nine
tightly braided strands tipped with small lead balls.
  He said, "You can see that Mindy is in pain from the clamps on her
nipples. That is so she will not feel guilty about hurting you. When this
is over you will never consider giving punishment without my permission."
  She had an evil look on her face as she listened to directions.
  " Give her twenty lashes evenly spaced from her breasts to mid thigh. I
will control the cadence."
  Mindy got into position and Mr. Marker said,
  " One."
  The pain to my breasts was more than I could have ever imagined. At
"Three" she knocked the wind out of me with a lash to my stomach by      
"Five" I was so lost in pain I could not hear the count. At some period
when she was starting back to my breasts from my thighs I mercifully lost
consciousness in spite of the fact my head was lowered by the curve of
the wheel.
  I woke lying on a rubber sheet on my bed. My body was on fire and I was
oozing blood from several places. I tried to get up to get into a cold
tub when I discovered my hands and feet were tied to the posts of the
bed. I began to yell, " Help. Please help me."
  Mindy came through the door, I hoped for sympathy, only to hear her
say,
  " Oh I am glad you are awake before the pain went away. I will be back
in an hour to put cold towels and salve on you. Until then you can endure
the pain. This will teach you to hurt me for no reason. You will never
hit me again unless I agree to it or Mr. Marker orders it. I hope you
screw up again. Mr Marker was so excited by your whipping he was able to
fuck me until I had great orgasms."
  I realized at that point we no longer had a mother daughter
relationship. We were now just rivals for his attention. She slammed the
door and I spent the longest hour of my life as my body continued to burn
and throb.
  Finally she came in and put cold towels on me and rubbed on the salve.
It felt so good I could almost forgive her for what she had done. but she
didn't untie me. In a little while I called out the fact I had to go to
the bathroom since I had drunk almost a quart of water Mindy had held for
me. She came back in to tell me that if I had to piss to go ahead. That
was the reason for the rubber sheet. They left me there till late Sunday
night. By that time I had a rash on my thighs, butt, and back from lying
in my urine. I ran immediately to the toilet as I had become determined I
would not lay in shit even if I burst.
  She added more salve to my cuts and the rash on my back then put
handcuffs on me and led me downstairs. Mr. Marker was waiting for us in
the bar at the swimming pool.
  " I hope you have learned your lesson. Give Mindy a kiss for all the
effort she made. The poor thing was sweating like a horse by the time she
had finished with you."
  I looked at her with pure hate in my eyes but leaned forward to kiss
her on the lips.
  " No that is not where you kiss someone when you are grateful. Get on
your knees."
  They must have discussed this because when I was on my knees she backed
up to me holding the cheeks of her ass apart to reveal her puckered ass-
hole. I hesitated in humiliation and heard,
  " Well?"
  I saw there was no hope and gave it a quick kiss.
  " No." Mindy growled, " French kiss it."
  It was gross! I swear she never bothered to wipe her ass the last time
she shit. I could taste it and had to stick my tongue in it several times
till she was satisfied the kiss was long and deep enough.
  " Very good. Why don't you get in the pool, it may help."
  I got in it up to my neck. While the cool soothing water was swirling
around my body I watched Mindy lick and suck on Mr. Marker's dick and
balls till he grabbed her head and forced his dick down her throat to
come. She didn't choke and I wondered how much she had practiced to
manage that feat.
  I was really feeling sorry for myself. I realized that I was in a very
luxurious trap and I didn't know what to do. The idea of going back to
the kind of life I had before meeting Mr. Marker made me ill. I also knew
that if I left I would lose Mindy because she would never give up this
lifestyle. Especially now that Mr. Marker had put her in a position of
authority over me.  I was really looking forward to the trip to Brazil
and as the pain started going away I decided that the pain no matter how
bad was worth it. I convinced myself that I had deserved the punishment
since he had made it plain I was bot to hurt Mindy without his permission
and resolved to control myself better. I was very grateful when Mindy and
Mr. Marker helped me out of the pool and took off my cuffs to tell me how
brave I was, kissed and hugged me and said I could sleep till noon if I
wanted to Monday. Mindy would wait on me hand and foot.
Mr Marker said he would put off letter writing and accounting till I was
ready to go back to work. His answering service would get the phone if he
was on another call and he could do his own faxing.
  The next morning Mindy was extra nice. She woke me at ten to say she
would make breakfast when I was ready and when I said I was ready to get
up she gave me a shampoo, washed me in the shower and gave me a long
massage while she put on more salve. I heal very fast. By noon I had no
pain at all  and the only bad bruises I had were where the lead tips of
the whip had landed.
  I went to work the next morning partially in fear he would discover how
little he needed me. He was very nice to me the rest of the week. I am
not sure if he felt guilty over how badly I was hurt or he respected the
fact I did not complain. He had me dress in more conservative clothes so
he could take me to lunches in the best restaurants and did not punish me
for my mistakes. By then I had convinced my self I had deserved my
terrible punishment and actually felt grateful he had not made it worse. 
  Finally on friday I brought the bills to him and he found I had
transposed the numbers which made the bill much less than it should have
been. He just asked me to re-do it. I was shocked at the amount of money
he would have lost if he had not caught the mistake. I had done a
terrible thing especially since he had been so nice. I wanted to pay for
it.
  " Mr. Marker. If you had not noticed my mistake the error would have
cost you hundreds of dollars. I will feel guilty all weekend if you don't
punish me for it. I deserve at least twenty lashes."
  " I don't want you to feel guilty. But your marks are nearly gone and I
don't want to add more as we are having guests on Sunday. I will use the
lightest whip." 
  " In that case will you tie me as I was when Mr. Weiss punished me and
pull me up as tight as you can to make me as uncomfortable as possible.
Since you are using the light whip you might use it on my most sensitive
parts. Please just whip my nipples and pussy."
  He did as I asked and then fucked me while I hung there while I was in
the throes of orgasm. On the way home both my body and my mind were
glowing. My mind with the thought that he must care for me or else he
would have just whipped me without making love to me at the end. I
decided that it was worth it to suffer through a really bad session once
in a while as long as I could have a good one like this afternoon's.
  Sunday was the dinner for Mr. Marker's guests from Japan. He informed
us that these were very important clients who purchased a great deal of
expensive items from him. He told us that we were to agree readily to
anything his guests wanted.
  The caterer arrived early to prepare the meal on premises so everything
would be fresh. Mr. Marker told us what to wear and then left in the
helicopter to pick up his guests.
  We wore tight silk dresses, white for me and robin's egg blue for
Mindy. Both had v necks cut down below our navel to expose the center
halves of our breasts. The dresses were slit at the sides nearly to the
waist to expose our legs when we walked.
  The dinner as always was excellent and the guests were very polite and
complimented us several times on our appearance. After dinner Mr. Osuko
said that he had brought an amateur video tape he thought Mr. Marker
would enjoy. We moved to the TV room and Mindy and I made drinks for
everyone as the tape was loaded.
  The tape looked very professional. It had titles and music, the picture
was very clear and the sound was good.
  The first scene was relatively mild. A very young Japanese girl was
hung from the ceiling by ropes to her upper arms and thighs while two
burly men fucked her mouth and pussy at the same time a third man was
slapping her back and butt with a leather paddle. It looked exciting to
me but the girl did not seem to like it at all. She screamed any time she
could around the dick in her mouth. Mr. Marker seemed only impressed by
the film quality.
  " This looks very professional. The quality of the sound and picture is
excellent. Did you do this yourself?"
  " Thank you very much. I must admit I had a professional set up the
lighting and microphones but Mr. Yamamoto and myself operated the
cameras. We used three cameras. One on a tripod and two on gyroscopic
mounts to avoid shakiness. We spent quite a bit of time editing the tapes
to get the best views."
  " You did a wonderful job. Who is the girl?"
  " She is a daughter of one of my suppliers who owed me a favor. As you
know daughters in Japan have little value. His only request was that we
would take care of any medical attention necessary for her when we
finished."
  As he said this the girl was bound tightly to the wall and a dildo
shaped like a candy cane was shoved into her pussy. The two men began to
throw small darts at her nipples. One of the men yelled happily when he
hit a nipple then they pulled out about twenty darts out of her breasts
which must have been hooked because she screamed as they were ripped out.
  They began thowing at the cane in her pussy. Some of the darts must
have either hit or came close to her clitoris as her screams were
frightening at some near misses to the exposed part of the cane. Finally
the other man put a dart directly in the end of the cane. He whooped in
glee as Mr. Yamamoto explained that gave him the right to whip her pussy
with the lashes equal to the number of darts thrown at it before success.
This was based on the idea that the more she attempted to move out of the
path of the dart the more lashes she would get for her cowardice.
  The man who hit the nipple started first with a wire whip that cut in
to the skin with each lash. The pain must have been terrible! Her breasts
were bleeding from several cuts on or near her nipples. She screamed or
sobbed piteously at each one while Mindy and I cringed from imagining how
each lash must feel.
  The other man then came close to the camera to show the whip he would
use on her pussy. It looked like a string of beads but each bead was
studded with needles.
  I shuddered as I had counted the darts when they were pulled out and
she would get twenty nine lashes. The pain was so terrible she passed out
twice before he was done only to be revived by throwing buckets of water
on her which washed the blood from her pussy that looked like hamburger.
  " That is the last you see of this girl. She could not stand pain very
well. She kept fainting and ruining the scenes so we treated her cuts and
sent her home. Her father apologized for her poor showing and offered
another daughter which you see now. She is much braver."
  That was an understatement. I could never be that brave. The girl had a
beautiful slim hard body that made me envious.
  After she had given four men blow-jobs she was told to hold on to a
trapeze above her head and not to let go unless she wanted to be severely
punished. Mr Osuko translated these instructions which had been given to
her in Japanese.
  When they had adjusted the trapeze till her toes just touched the floor
they whipped her with barbed-wire front and back from her shoulders to
her knees. She never screamed until one of the men held her legs apart
and the other began hitting up into her pussy. Finally she fainted and
let go of the trapeze to fall to the floor."
  The screen faded to black then brightened to reveal a white girl with
huge breasts about 38DD. She had a tiny waist and round butt.
  " This girl fell for one of the advertisements in California for
talented girls to perform in Japanese nightclubs. Naturally her
identification and passport was taken from her and she was turned over to
a pimp. He got tired of her as she kept trying to escape in spite of her
beatings so he rented her to us to see if we could break her spirit." 
  They were evidentally impressed by her breasts as they spent most of
their time whipping them with a cat of nine tails, laughing when they
bounced up to hit her neck on undercuts. When they were totally black and
blue they dripped wax on them from candles held very close until they
were completely covered then used the candle to burn the hair off her
pussy. On the close-up it looked as if singing the hair off was more
frightening than painful as her pussy was just red with no sign of
blisters. She began to scream that she would do anything if they would
stop. They tested her by having her lick their ass-holes and to thank
them for letting her do it.
  As THE END came up on the screen Mr Yamamoto said,
  " The pimp was so happy with her submissiveness he gave us back the
rental money as he told her that if she misbehaved he would bring her
back."
  Mr. Marker replied,
  " I am sorry I do not have the talent to return your gift in kind.
However I have some professional tapes I think you will find enjoyable
and of course my girls are eager to be of service to you."
  After the tape this scared the hell out of me and I was greatly
relieved to hear Mr. Marker continue.
  " Unfortunately my girls are on display almost constantly so I must ask
you just to use these thong whips on them so they may heal quickly."
  " Of course. We understand completely. We also have our special girls
we do not wish to mark permanently. They are very lovely. Although their
clothing is very sexy I wonder if I may satisfy my curiosity completely
by having them nude."
  Mindy and I anticipated Mr. Marker's answer and stripped completely to
pose in front of them with our legs slightly spread as we had been
instructed.
  " Delightful. I love the bare cunts. After singing the hair off the
american girl we plucked the hair on our girls as well. It is so much
better to be able to see the effects of the whip."
  Actually it was not an unpleasant evening. Their pricks were not very
big so we could easily accommodate them for blow-jobs and butt-fucking.
Of course we were whipped, but in deference to Mr. Marker none were very
severe and we were not bound for any of them. Later Mindy and I agreed we
were proud of our bravery to hold out our breasts and to hold the lips of
our pussies open so they could be whipped. They seemed impressed when we
would kneel and thank them for whipping us when they were done. Naturally
whipping us gave them erections to be fucked or sucked. When it became
obvious they could not get another erection Mr. Marker offered to fly
them back to the Olympic hotel which has a helicopter pad on its roof.
  As they were walking out the door I heard,
  " You are most fortunate to have such lovely brave girls. If you tire
of them I would be happy to purchase them from you."
  I thought that was ridiculous. I couldn't be sold like an animal. But
then I realized that these people were so rich it would be no problem for
them to take me anywhere they wanted in their private jet. I was
frightened at the prospect and became even more determined to keep Mr.
Marker pleased with me. 
  The next morning he started our exercise program. He wanted us to look
good for our trip to Rio.
  It was different every day. Monday we would follow exercise tapes on
tv. If we made a mistake or couldn't keep up we would be punished.
  Tuesday we would have to trot up and down the stairs until one of us
could not go any further with the quitter being punished.
  Wednesday was weight training by following a video.
  Thursday was swimming laps in the pool.
  Friday was gymnastics with the aid of a training video. This brought us
a lot of punishments till we became more graceful and learned the
routines.
  Saturday he had us run down the trail while he trotted behind us on his
horse while leading ours. If we slowed down he would hit us on the butts
with a long painful buggy whip. The ride back after one of us would have
to stop running from exhaustion was very thrilling. We were nude for all
the exercise programs. Till you have experienced riding a horse bare-
back and felt the effect of it's hair on your pussy you have not lived.
  Rio De Janeiro was wonderful. Mindy and I found a nude beach and
cavorted in the sun getting tan. We were the only ones with completely
bald pussies so we got more than our share of attention. Finally Mr.
Marker told us to stay covered as we were getting so tan He would not be
able to see the marks from our flogging. Mr. Marker went to various
business meetings during the day so Mindy and I went to the beach or
shopping with his Gold Card. We were limited to five hundred dollars per
day. The penalty for going over the limit was one lash per dollar. Once
Mindy just had to have a gold bracelet that was five hundred fifty
dollars and decided it was worth the punishment. It was a mistake. All
the lashes went to her pussy or inner thighs and she was too sensitive to
go out with me the next day.
  At night we went to night clubs or parties. On our last night we went
to a very exclusive erotic club which showed various sex acts on stage
from girls serving up to five men at a time by using all their orifices
plus their hands, a demonstration of a slave being flogged with a
southern plantation backdrop, and lovely female spies being tortured by
nazis. The things that caught Mr. Marker's eyes were the waitresses who
were nude with their hands handcuffed behind their backs. They were able
to serve with a tray supported by chains to rings in their nipples  and
stomachs. Mr. Marker ordered magnums of champagne which came in ice
buckets which stretched their nipples and breasts alarmingly. They were
tipped by pushing money in their snatches. The on stage act started
simply enough. A girl danced or rolled around on stage holding candles
while letting the hot wax fall on her body. What gave Mr. Marker a hard-
on that Mindy had to relieve with a blowjob was the ending. She placed
the candle in her pussy while lying on her back then brought her legs
spread wide over her head to let the wax drip on the underside of her
breasts. As the candle burned down the trail of wax crept to her pussy.
When the wax got to her pubic bone she dug it out, bowed and waved and
left the stage. Mr. Marker and others were disappointed she did not let
it burn longer. Some actually booed. I knew something I could offer to do
now if he became bored with me. I also knew it would be a last resort as
I could not even imagine the pain that would be involved when the wax
dropped off the stub of the candle directly on my clit.
  Mindy and I lived in fear he would ask us to do it as we knew we would
not refuse. 
  Fortunately he became interested in other activities.
  He found that Mindy and I either from the need for revenge or to get a
feeling of power would often punish each other more than he would.
  He would have us play cards, board games like monopoly, computer games,
or chess with the loser being punished by the winner. If either of us won
two games in a row he would eliminate that game to give the poorer player
a better chance next time.
  Mindy and I called a truce after she whipped me so severely with barbed
wire I was a long time healing. She agreed to have me whip her with
barbed wire the next time she lost but from then on we would use things
that would not leave scars.
  I did not enjoy whipping Mindy as much as she liked to whip me even
though it did give me a sense of power. I guess I came out worse off
because of this in the contests. I didn't really mind because it seemed
the more I was hurt the more I was loved and pampered after it was over.
  Mr. Marker bought us beautiful gold hoops for our nipples and lips of
our pussies. It did not hurt nearly as much as we feared to be pierced
for them and it really impressed his clients.
  We were hardly ever tied by our arms anymore to be whipped. Our hands
were cuffed behind us and a leg spreader used to keep our legs apart. We
were held in place by cords to our rings. We couldn't fight our bondage
anymore as we brought too much pain by pulling against our rings. As you
can imagine it took a lot of will power to stand quietly while we were
whipped or hat-pins were pushed slowly into our nipples or pussy.
  We really became to enjoy entertaining his clients since we are both
exhibitionists. Usually we did not suffer much. All of his clients liked
to spank us or see us spanked but most of them were satisfied by that.
Only occasionally did someone want to test our limits.
  Mindy was learning very quickly from her private tutor and it looked as
if she would be able to take her G.E.D test and get her high school
diploma by the time she was fifteen. Mr. Marker had allowed her tutor to
punish her for mistakes and Mindy did not like this at all. Her tutor was
her worst nightmare. He was homosexual and absolutely hated women. Her
punishments were always to her clothed body and to non-sexual parts such
as hands, feet, lower legs or upper back allowing no chance to overcome
the pain with sexual pleasure. 
  Mr. Marker thought I should become more knowledgeable as well and
purchased several books on the arts, history, antiques, etiquette, news
magazines, as well as crossword books to increase my vocabulary. He said
we would be going out more often and he did not want us to look like
stupid bimboes. His campaign was very successful. Mindy and I could carry
on conversations with his clients and impress them favorably with our
minds.
  Mr. Marker told us it was infinitely more satisfying to have an
intelligent self-assured woman become completely submissive rather than
some brainless cow. He told me how some asian and middle east men would
routinely murder women they had no respect for the moment they became
bored with them. These same men would have other women stay with them on
to old age.
  After I was whipped so badly by Mindy with the barbed wire and he was
bandaging me and applying salve, I asked him if he ever worried about my
leaving him. After all, thanks to him, I had money, looks, education and
sexual prowess that had prompted many of his customers to beg me to go
with them.
  " No. Simply because you are intelligent and the most sensual woman I
have ever met I think you realize there is nowhere you could go to enjoy
life more than you do here. We both know you are free to leave at any
time. I would not want you to stay with me if you would rather be
somewhere else."
  " I am sorry. I guess I was just trying to make you jealous. I love you
too much to ever leave you. Any other man would bore me to death,
especially the ones who fawn over me and promise me material things I
already have"
  This seemed to please him and he kissed and cuddled me all the rest of
the night.  
  He only became interested in making love to us after we had been
punished very hard. It was worth it because he could stay hard forever!
Even after he came his dick would stay up for at least one more time.
Mindy and I did not get jealous of each other since he could always
satisfy both of us completely.
  Mindy and I could not get off anymore by playing with ourselves or each
other unless there was an audience. We became addicts to orgasms. If we
went more than a few days without an orgasm  we would either make a
mistake to bring on punishment or offer to satisfy one of his fantasies.
  I could not get the picture of the girl in Rio with the candle burning
down to her pussy. Finally I just had to know what that felt like and
offered to do the dance for him.
  I had already bought the candle. It was over an inch in diameter so
there would be a lot of wax to fall on my body. 
  His prick began to bulge out his pants as soon as I made my proposal.
  " I have to admit I would enjoy seeing that. I think what really makes
it intriguing is the fact the girl did it without being forced into it.
If you can stand it, I would like you to leave it in just a little longer
than the girl in Rio."
  " I will leave it in till my pussy puts it out. I want to suffer for
you. I don't have anything else to offer you for your love. Any girl
could simply fuck or suck you."
  " You don't need to do that. I will be happy if you just let one drop
of the hot wax hit your pussy."
  During the dance I let the flame linger on my breasts, nipples and
pussy until there was genuine pain. Finally the music stopped. I let my
weight rest on my shoulders and neck with my legs spread and stretched
beyond my head. I put the candle in my pussy. Since it was the drippy
kind of candle it burned fast and wax began to fall on the bottoms of my
breasts as I moved the candle with the muscles I had developed in my
pussy and twisted my torso to spread the wax.
  Mindy became very excited as the wax built up and helped Mr. Marker
take off his clothes. As the wax climbed slowly up to my navel I looked
back to see Mindy's head bobbing above mine as Mr. Marker fucked her dog-
fashion.
  As the wax climbed relentlessly toward my pussy the drops became hotter
and hotter as the skin became closer to the flame. By the time it got to
the shaved area of my crotch I could hear a sizzling sound as the wax hit
my profusely sweating skin. The pain kept getting worse, but now I was
caught up in it and just had to prove to myself I could go further than
the girl in Rio. The first drop on my clitoris caused my head to go back
with my scream so all my weight was on my head. The first drop of wax
protected my clit from the following ones and in spite of or because of
the pain I went into multiple orgasms as the wax pooled in my pussy and I
felt the flame lick at the lips. I must have spaced out at this point as
the next thing I remember was Mr. Marker spreading the lips of my pussy
to get his fingers around the candle to pull it out. My clitoris and my
inner and outer lips were on fire.
  They put ice on my pussy and the special salve but the salve could not
overcome this. That night I would wake up from the pain anytime the ice
pack fell away from my crack. The next morning some of the blisters had
broken leaving raw meat. It hurt so bad to urinate I stopped drinking all
liquids. It took three days to heal enough to let my legs come together
by that time I had lost eight pounds in water loss.
  Mr. Marker and Mindy apologized for not rescuing me before I was so
badly burned.
  " I am sorry Janet, but when I saw the lips of your pussy closing over
that candle and heard the sizzle of your juices I began to come so hard I
could not force myself to save you. To make up for it we will do anything
you want."
  " Are you sure? I would really like to go to Asia with you on your next
trip. Mr. Yamamoto said there were several clubs specializing in bondage
and sadism. I would like to see if anyone can accept pain like me. You
may see something you would like to try on us. I only ask that I am not
burned anymore. The pain just lasts too long."
  " I heartily agree with you on both points. At my last board meeting I
picked one of my vice presidents who is capable of handling my special
clients. We can stay away for months if you like."
  " What board meeting? I thought you ran the whole business yourself."
  " That would be impossible. The main office has hundreds of people who
handle the everyday orders. I just take care of special clients with
expensive tastes. I don't like to be around a lot of people so I delegate
most of my operation to others and keep track of them by phone, Fax, or
spies at the plant that keep me informed. It amuses me to promote or fire
personnel while they assume I do not know they exist. The man I just
promoted told me that working for me was kind of like working for an all-
seeing God.
   Incidentally you are not the only employee who receives corporal
punishment. The women have learned that although they do not have to
provide sexual favors or accept punishment for promotion it definitely
helps."
  " Aren't you afraid you will be sued for sexual harassment?"
  " No. The men never suggest anything. The girls find out what is
happening from other girls and volunteer if they are interested. The
whole thing is video-taped. I'll show you some tapes of the better
looking girls."
  I stayed home to heal while Mindy helped him clean up things at the
office so we could take our trip. Mr. Marker showed me how to bring up
the list of tapes on the computer. They were numbered with the girls name
and the action on the tape. It was easy to browse through them and to
watch any tape that looked interesting. 
  I became bored with the tapes that just showed girls offering blow jobs
or butt fucks. The most interesting tapes were the ones that were
different. Some girls asked to be fist-fucked and one girl must have had
a huge pussy as she had the man sit on the floor while she fucked his
foot. She buried his foot in her pussy till her lips were mashed against
his ankle. There was a clock visible in most of the tapes. I was amused
to see everything was done after business hours. Mr. Marker did not get
screwed out of a minute of the time he was paying for. I saw what Mr.
Marker meant about not worrying about being sued. The women literally
begged to be fucked or punished. Any jury who saw one of these tapes
would throw out the case right away. I would imagine girls who made
threats would be shown the tape. 
  I finally healed enough to play with my clit and found to my delight
the burn had not decreased it's sensitivity. If anything it was even more
sensitive as I found I was able to climax by simply rubbing it as I
thought about my adventures in pain.
  Mr. Marker had told us we would not leave until I was completely
healed. When he came home that night I went to the rec-room where he was
amusing himself with Mindy.
  He had stuck large safety pins through the skin in the upper part of
her breasts and attached wires from an electric fence charger to the
pins, Her breasts would jump when the current hit them and he was playing
music with the same beat as the charger so her tits would jump in time
with the music. It obviously excited Mindy as she was digging frantically
at her cunt to maintain orgasms.
  Finally she became totally exhausted and fell over on her back and he
turned off the charger and turned to me.
  " Electricity has an interesting effect on the muscles. You should have
seen it when we had them attached to her pussy."
  " Yes, I think I may like to try it. Mindy seemed to get very excited
by it."
  " Maybe sometime later. Anything repeated becomes a bore. How are you
feeling?"
  " I am completely healed. If you like you may whip my pussy to see that
it is fine now."
  " Actually, it has been quite awhile since I have fucked you. Since
Mindy has given me a hard-on with her performance I think I would like
you to simply sit on my dick. To make it more interesting for you I will
put a vibrator up your ass while you are fucking me."
  " That sounds wonderful sir. If you become bored you can have Mindy
whip my tits while I fuck you."
  He looked at Mindy lying on the floor twitching with the after shocks
of her orgasms and said.
  " I don't think Mindy is up to it right now. I am sure you can make me
happy. I want to be able to concentrate on your cunt muscles squeezing my
dick so I will know you are completely healed."
  I let myself down on his rigid tool as he pushed the vibrator into my
asshole. It was glorious as I moved up and down and clenched my cuntal
muscles around his dick that felt even larger and harder than I had
remembered. As usual he was able to control himself to keep from cumming
until I was in full orgasm. When he came I licked and sucked on his dick
till all our cum was washed off while he had Mindy clean my cunt with
deep thrusts of her tongue.
  He let us sleep with him that night and the next morning we began
packing for our trip.
  We flew to Japan in Mr. Markers Lear jet. when he became bored with
flying he would put it on automatic pilot while he watched us 69 or gave
him blow-jobs. Time flew by and we soon landed where Mr. Yamamoto met us
with his limousine. I was really impressed with his political power. The
customs man just had him sign a form without looking at anything or
asking us any questions. I could see how he could easily buy girls
anywhere in the world and never be caught.
  Mr Yamamoto was delighted to see us. I knew Mr. Marker would have us
volunteer to be whipped or suffer some type of abuse as he had not let us
do as much as give each other spankings. He said he wanted our bodies
completely unmarked for Mr. Yamamoto and his friends.
  When we arrived at his mansion we were met by a lovely blonde girl
whose buxom curves were displayed in a very tight silk dress.
  Mr Yamamoto said, " Like you I have my special girl with a body I do
not want to permanently scar. Joan take off your clothes so they can
admire your body."
  She immediately stripped. I had to admit I was jealous as her large
breasts did not sag at all and her stomach and ass could have only become
so firm from hours of exercise.
  " Joan. Go get your whip. I think Mr. Marker would be amused by
whipping your magnificent breasts."
  She left without protest and came back with a thonged whip she handed
to Mr. Marker then put her hands on her head and thrust out her breasts
for their whipping.
  Mr Marker hit them forehand and backhand four times till Mr, Yamamoto
protested.
  " No. You must hit them much harder than that. I want to demonstrate
how firm they are. Don't stop until she screams."
  They were fantastically firm. My tits would have been flopping all over
the place, her's simply moved to the side and immediately returned to
center. She was sobbing by the sixth blow and screamed on the tenth. Mr.
Marker stopped.
  " You have to admire her bravery. Unlike my girls she obviously only
receives pain with no sexual excitement. In spite of this she makes no
protest or attempts to change her position."
  " Yes but I am not sure if it is a result of bravery or fear. She knows
if she tries to protect herself she will be tied and whipped much harder.
Joan, tell Mr. Marker. Are you brave?"
  " I try to be brave to please you sir but I have to admit I find it
better to accept my punishment without protest in spite of the pain than
to suffer the consequences."
   Mr Marker laughed, " Well said, Joan. Have you had your pussy
whipped?"
  Joan shuddered, " Only when I have been very bad. Do you want to whip
it sir?" 
  " No. I certainly do not think you have been bad. I don't want your
body to be hidden again. Girls take off your clothes so she won't be
alone. Mr Yamamoto if you could direct the girls to your bar they can
make us drinks while we discuss our itinerary."
  Of course. Excuse my lack of hospitality. Joan show them where it is.
Mr Marker likes Crown Royal whiskey with ice."
  I came back with the drinks to hear the last part of their
conversation. Mr Marker said with amazement,
  "I can't imagine anyone willing to be that obedient with no chance of
sexual excitement. Are all your girls that well trained?"
  "Yes. It is important to me that they will agree to any of my demands
without protest. I will give you a demonstration. You will see that they
know it is in their best interests to comply.
  Michiko! Bring in all the girls. They will be nude as that is the way
Mr. Marker prefers them."
  In a few moments six girls came in to line up in front of us in a semi-
circle. They were all beautiful and from different countries. When they
introduced themselves making a deep bow I recognized Swedish, French,
English, Spanish, and Asian accents. Some of them bore scars that
appeared to be caused by burns as well as whips. While they were
introducing themselves Mr. Yamamoto lit cigarettes which he arranged on
the marble table in front of him in two circles with the coals in the
middle. When the girls had returned to their stance of attention with
their tummies in and their breasts out Mr. Yamamoto looked up and said,
  "Mr. Marker, pick one of the girls for my demonstration."
  I knew Mr, Marker loved big tits so I was not surprised when he picked
the big blonde swede. Tears came to her eyes as she walked over in front
of the men. 
  Mr. Yamamoto said, "These cigarettes are polluting our air. Arrange
them so you can snuff them out with your nipples!"
  Tears began to flow even more while she bent over slightly to move the
cigarettes to be directly below her nipples. Then she took a deep breath
and pushed her nipples into the glowing cigarettes till her breasts were
mashed flat against the table. She left them mashed to the table to make
sure they were all completely out while she sobbed. When she leaned back
a couple of the cigarettes were stuck to the raw skin of her nipples.
  Mr. Yamamoto dismissed her, most likely for medical attention, with no
indication that she had done anything remarkable. 
  I was very frightened that Mr. Marker would volunteer me for something
but fortunately Mr. Yamamoto said, "The rest of the girls will entertain
us with their talent."
  Each girls act was followed by another more exotic.
  The first girl must have been from Hawaii because she did a very sexy
Hawaiian dance.
  The next girl was a contortionist and twisted her body into positions I
would not have believed possible. She finished up by pulling her breast
up to her face to lick her nipples and then bent her body over so she
could lick her own pussy and ass-hole.
  The third girl demonstrated her elastic pussy by fist-fucking herself
and while her fist was in her pussy she jammed a large cucumber in her
anus."
  The fourth girl demonstrated the muscles in her pussy by picking up a
quart beer bottle with her pussy and as a finale put ping-pong balls in
it and leaned back to shoot them out into the room.
  The fifth girl came out with a fistful of long hat-pins which she stuck
through the lips in her pussy and through her nipples till there was no
room for any more. It was amazing! I knew how much it hurt when my
nipples were pierced for my rings yet she did it with only a short gasp
as she pushed them through her skin.
  Mr. Marker really enjoyed the last act and borrowed four pins from her.
He had Mindy put two of the pins through my nipples and then had me do
the same to her. The hardest part was obeying his instruction to remain
silent through the ordeal while pulling out the nipples so the pins could
be put in them. Neither of us could suppress small moans but he let that
go, pleased when we asked him to pull them out slowly.
  For the rest of the night he had the girls service our every whim while
we drank. They all sucked on Mr. Yamamoto's dick and anus as well as Mr.
Marker, Mindy and me until we were all exhausted. Before we went to bed
Mr. Yamamoto said he had a special performance for us the next day.
  We slept late and then were awakened by one of the girls who gave us
silk kimonos and led us down for a fabulous brunch. A few hours later
when our brunch was nearly digested Mr. Yamamoto led us down into a
basement much like the torture chamber we had at home.
  There was a pretty but unkempt girl chained to the wall. She kept up a
running tirade against her captors calling them cocksuckers and every
other name she could think of. Whenever anyone came close she would spit
at them. I was totally amazed she would act this way since the scars on
her body testified to the fact that she had been punished severely.
  Mr. Yamamoto said sadly,
  "I am ashamed to admit I am not always successful in getting girls to
be obedient. This girl was kidnapped from a very rich family from New
York. She still believes she will be rescued and has been resistent to
all our punishments and spends every moment in escape attempts. The last
time she got almost two miles from us before we caught her so I have
decided she is expendable. I told her if she didn't become compliant we
would kill her but she just said that we would not dare to do it. Prepare
her!"
  Two large muscular men took her loose from the wall. She fought like a
tiger but in a few minutes they had chained her wrists to rings in the
floor and her ankles to an iron bar that held her legs apart at a wide
angle. Then they hooked a cable to a ring at the center of the bar and
pushed a button to activate a winch which pulled her up and stretched her
till the motor on the winch began to slow as the strain increased. 
  She never stopped screaming and cursing at them even though it looked
as if her joints would dislocate at any moment.
  Mr Yamamoto looked angry as he said,
  "This is so unnecessary. Bring in the other girls so they can see the
result of disobedience." To Mr. Marker he said, "I want this to be a good
object lesson to the other girls. We have given her amphetamines and hung
her upside down to keep her conscious as long as possible."
  Then another man came out carrying two whips that made me shudder. They
were made by attaching small chain bristling with nails welded to the
links to a long wood handle. 
  By the fourth lash Mindy and I were leaning over a waste barrel in the
corner heaving up our brunch. When we got to the dry heave stage two men
came over and took us back in front of the bleeding girl and held our
heads facing the scene as the whips ripped pieces of skin and flesh out
of her entire body from her knees to just below her neck. Blood was
pouring from her when her screams turned to gurgles and she died.
  To my disgust and dismay the scene excited both Mr.Marker and Yamamoto
so they had Mindy and I give them blow jobs.
  We went home the next day because Mr. Marker said that anything we saw
after that would seem tame. He kept referring to it all the way back and
said that it was the greatest spectacle he had ever seen and kept getting
hard-ons for us to suck or take up our ass. His attitude scared hell out
of me especially when he told us that he could kill us easily as no-one
would miss us.
  From that point on he changed. There was never an easy punishment we
could orgasm from and he hardly ever fucked us. He was mainly interested
in blow-jobs and having us push our tongues in his ass.
  I must have known for some time this might happen because when I had
brought him a drink while he was opening his safe I memorized the
combination. Then while he was getting blow jobs or butt-fucking Mindy I
searched the house and took duplicate car keys, padlock keys, and hand
cuffs keys which I hid in the lip at the front of the vent over the
stove.
  He realized we were not happy anymore and kept us chained to the bed at
night and chained in the kitchen with chains long enough to reach the
bathroom when he went into town.
  Finally we got our chance just before I had made up my mind to kill him
if he burned me again. For my birthday he glued candles to my nipples and
let them burn till they went out. My nipples were badly scarred and the
pain was unreal. He had hid all the sharp knives but I knew I could kill
him some way even if I would end up being hung for it.
  Some disaster had befallen his business. He told us he would be gone to
San Francisco for three to five days to straighten out a problem. He
threw some blankets in the corner of the kitchen and handcuffed us to the
long chain.
  As soon as the sound of his helicopter faded I got the key and took off
the handcuffs then told Mindy to pack some clothes and anything small of
value we could sell easily while I opened the safe to take all the cash,
bearer bonds, and jewelry from the safe which I threw into a garbage bag
along with anything I found around the house made of gold or jade.
  Mindy came down stairs with a couple of trash bags full of clothes,
jewels, and antique statuary. I threw on a dress and we tried the car
keys I had found till I found one that fit a Cadillac Deville. I drove
while Mindy counted the money. We had over three hundred thousand dollars
in cash and bearer bonds plus all the jewelry and salable items. One of
us would sleep while the other drove day and night to Las Vegas. At Vegas
we chartered a plane under false names to take us to Texas. Then
chartered another plane to take us to the caribbean.
  We are very happy here. Mindy has married a real estate broker who is
more than satisfied just to spank her with his hands or a belt. They have
a very happy marriage. 
  I have been happy just dating tourist men that are not here long enough
to bore me. I still need pain to get fantastic orgasms. I test men by
telling them it is my birthday and asking them if they would like to give
me a birthday spanking. Almost all of them are glad to do it. To my
amuzement they all assume I will just lay over their laps with my clothes
on for a hand spanking. Their eyes get big and they get very excited when
I slowly take off my clothes to tease them and then kneel in front of
them to take off their belts and offer it to them to use on me.  I kneel
sideways to them to have my butt whipped until we are both very excited
then I turn around to offer my front.The ones that really get into it
will go along with whipping all of me.
  I can satisfy my exhibitionism now that I have met a man that arranges
stag parties.
  Of course we have to avoid the fancy resorts and restaurants to avoid
the possibility of running into Mr. Marker who would no doubt kidnap us.
We have been happy with other things and if we get bored we feel safe
travelling to Europe since Mr. Marker told us he hated Europe except for
England. We are happy with France and Italy.
  I have enough money to last the rest of my life and there is a man that
wants to marry me that may not bore me.
  I still have nightmares occasionally about Mr. Yamamoto. I wake up
happy and amazed my experiences could finish with a happy ending. 
  
                               THE END   




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





