BDSM Library - Catwoman's Prey




Catwoman's Prey
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Batgirl sets out to solve the mystery of Supergirl's disappearnce, only to join the latter and fall into the hands of Catwoman. Like Supergirl, she is tortured, abused and trained to become a sex slave. And in her new life as a sex slave, Barbara Gordon will get to see the dark side of Gotham city's high society.
Catwoman's Prey (nc, bd, M+/ff)
Citizen Bane 

This story contains descriptions of bondage, violence and non-consensual
sex. Anyone who may be offended please do not read.

The following is a work of adult fan-fiction inspired by the characters
"Batgirl", "Supergirl" and "Catwoman". Batgirl, Supergirl, Catwoman and
Gotham City with their related properties, are copyright by and
registered trademarks of DC Comics, all rights reserved. No ownership of
the characters is implied by the author of this piece. This story has
been written solely for non-commercial entertainment purposes. No
copyright infringement is intended and no profit will be made from the
distribution of this story. This work is not for sale by any parties.
Feel free to repost it unaltered in free areas, but no profit should be
made from this piece by any parties involved.

Again comments and suggestion are welcome.

This story is intended for ADULTS only. If you are under legal age
PLEASE DO NOT READ.




Batgirl: Catwoman's Prey (nc, bd)

by Citizen Bane


I.

    "Hmmm.... This is interesting," Barbara Gordon said to herself as
she put the newspaper down on her desk. In the past few months, the
rising crime rate of Metropolis has become national news. Before that,
there's also the humiliating defeat of Supergirl in the hands of a group
of bungling bank robbers and her subsequent disappearance. Barbara had
meant to look into the matter when she first heard of it, but has been
postponing her trip to Metropolis by Gotham's own problems with crime.
Commissioner Gordon had repeatedly asked her (as Batgirl) to help him
cope with the situation. As Barbara Gordon, she knew very well why her
father was so anxious about the situation: while it was true that crime
rate was rising again for the first time in many years, the real reason
was that her father was under a lot of pressure from Frank Pattern, the
mayor of Gotham City, who was just launching his re-election campaign.
Barbara didn't like the man at all. In fact, she hated him. Turning
parks into industrial areas, closing down schools so that expensive
condos could be built on the land, in her mind he was nothing but a pawn
of the capitalists. But she could not leave her father on his own. So
Batgirl worked extra hard with the police to deal with all kinds of
criminal activities, and in the end the crime rate was down again, and
Pattern got re-elected. Now it's the time, Barbara thought, to finally
go and help a city in need rather than a petty politician.
    At first she had wanted to make some preparations for her trip to
Metropolis, like trying to contact Batman or Superman, but today's paper
had made her decide to go immediately. Her old foe Catwoman had struck
again, this time stealing all the gold stored in the Metropolitan Bank.
Although Batgirl was happy that she has managed to drive Catwoman away
from Gotham City (at least that's what she thought), she has always
wanted to catch her and send her to jail, and now there's another
chance. There's also something intriguing in report. According to one of
the guards, Catwoman was assisted by "a naked woman wearing only a black
leather hood", and the reason that the alarms didn't go off was that
there were switched off by this woman, who was "flying in the air so
that the sensors on the floor weren't triggered off". Since the guard
was drugged by Catwoman during the heist, his claims were dismissed by
the police as hallucinations caused by the drug. But Barbara's instinct
told her that there must be something more to it. And could this have
something to do with Supergirl's disappearance? So far no one had
mentioned any connection between the two. Hmmm....
    Thinking that she could be the crimefighter to both capture Catwoman
and solve the mystery of Supergirl's disappearance, Barbara could feel
her adrenaline rising. Immediately she went to the head librarian's
office to ask for a whole month's leave, then she booked a ticket for
the next flight to Metropolis. Next, she called her father. Knowing that
she would have a hard time explaining her sudden departure to him and
knowing that he was still in his office, she called his home and left a
message on his answering machine, making up some excuses. And in less
than three hours, she was on a plane to Metropolis.

    Barbara checked into a hotel and immediately started planning her
hunt for Catwoman. Connecting her computer to that of the Metropolitan
police, she downloaded all files related to crimes suspected to be
committed by Catwoman in the past few months. It seemed that Catwoman
had visited all major art galleries and museums in Metropolis, and had
just begun her tour of banks. This is not too difficult, Barbara thought
as her computer came up with a list of Catwoman's possible targets.
    For the next few nights, Batgirl staked out at the banks and jewel
stores. Probably encouraged by her success, Catwoman had been very
active recently, striking almost every week, and Batgirl believed that
she wouldn't have to wait very long. On the fourth night, when she was
hiding outside a bank, she picked up a police transmission from her
radio saying that Catwoman had just hit another bank. Damn! Batgirl
thought as she jumped on the motorbike that Barbara bought shortly after
her arrival.

    Dr Rancor watched the police seal off the crime scene from the top
of a building nearby. Despite her flamboyant style Catwoman was actually
very careful. All her heists were well-planed, with the police's actions
carefully monitored. After watching for a while, he and two of
Catwoman's henchmen slipped out via the backdoor of the building
unnoticed into an alley where a van was waiting.
    "Let's go--" Dr Rancor was just about to get on the van when he
noticed that the driver's seat was empty. "Need any help, mister?" He
jumped at the voice of a young woman, and his jaw almost dropped to the
ground when he turned around and saw a masked figure in a tightly-clad
suit, with her hands on her waist. "Batgirl!" He cried out in surprise.
"Yes, that's me!" Batgirl said proudly. "Get her!" Regaining his
composure, Dr Rancor ordered as he reached into his pocket and switched
on a signaling device. The two henchmen immediately launched their
attack, but they were no match for the well-trained Batgirl and were
down in no time. "Well, whoever you are, mister," Batgirl said as she
cautiously approached the man, "I suggest that you come quietly with me,
and we'll go looking for Catwoman."
    Just when Batgirl was reaching out to grab Dr Rancor she heard the
sound of a car approaching. Immediately she turned around and saw a van
pull up in front of them, and four men jumped off. Thinking that she
could handle them all by herself, Batgirl decided not to alert the
police nearby. She knocked down the first two guys, but then she saw Dr
Rancor running towards the back of the van. "Stay there, mister!" She
jumped over and knocked him out. But Dr Rancor already his hand on the
grip of the van's door and he pulled it open, and in the dim light in
the alley Batgirl could see the naked figure of a woman inside. It was a
woman wearing a black leather hood which covered her entire face except
for her eyes and her mouth, which was now wide-open in surprise. She
could also make out two glittering rings on the woman's breasts. "Oh,
no! It's Batgirl!" the woman exclaimed. "Get her!" Another woman shouted
from inside the van. Catwoman! Batgirl thought as she knocked down
another guy with a back-swing kick. "No! I can't! She's Batgirl!" she
heard the naked woman said.
    "You useless slut!" the other door swung open and Catwoman jumped
out, scolding the naked woman. "Well.... look who we've got here!"
Turning to face Batgirl, Catwoman purred, "you don't know how much I
miss you, Batbimbo!" "You don't know how much I miss you either,
Catwoman!" Batgirl snapped back as she knocked down the last guy. "Help
me, please!" the naked woman cried out. Thinking quickly, Batgirl
decided to help the woman first. Dr Rancor was still lying on the
ground. Maybe she could get him and the woman, and they would eventually
lead her to Catwoman. Now let's just get the hell out of here. She
reached inside the van, grabbed her arm and pulled her out. She could
now see that the woman was not totally naked but was wearing what looked
like a black leather thong. Holding the woman's arm with one hand,
Batgirl threw a gas pellet and was about to grab Dr Rancor when the
woman suddenly dropped down onto her knees. Shit! Batgirl thought as her
actions was slowered by this. At this moment she felt something touching
her back, and immediately a jolt of electricity shot through her body.
Batgirl made an "Uhh!" sound as her contracting diaphragm forced the air
out of her lungs, and then she collapsed onto the ground.
    "You're a bunch of useless craps!" Catwoman scolded as her henchmen
struggled to get up. Stun gun in hand, she stood over the unconscious
Batgirl, "but boy you guys are just sooooooo lucky!" she said as she
began laughing, "first you get to fuck Supergirl everyday, and now you
are going to have Batgirl too! Man I surely take care of my employees'
welfare!" "And you!" she became angry again when she turned towards the
hooded Supergirl, "you almost spoiled everything! You're definitely
gonna pay for this!"

    Barbara woke up to find herself gagged and blindfolded on the floor
of one of the vans. Her legs were tied together, her hands were tied
behind her back, with her elbows also tied together, making her
extremely uncomfortable. She couldn't help but grunt under her gag.
After what seemed like ages, the van finally came to a halt. She heard
the door open, and several pairs of hands grabbed her and carried her
out of the van. She was aware of being carried inside a building, and
she heard doors open and close. Finally, she was put down onto the
floor, and her gag and blindfold were removed.
    "Welcome to my new headquarters, Batbimbo!" Catwoman's voice greeted
her as her eyes adjusted to the light. Barbara could see that she was in
a large room, possibly a warehouse, surrounded by several of Catwoman's
henchmen. Standing behind them were the middle-aged man and Catwoman.
Next to Catwoman was a young woman on her knees. It was the naked woman
that Batgirl saw, only that her hood was now removed.
    "Supergirl!" Batgirl exclaimed. Supergirl opened her mouth as if she
was about to say something, but then she looked at Catwoamn in fear and
lowered her head, her face blushing with shame. Although Batgirl
recognized Supergirl's face, she could hardly believe that this was
really Supergirl. There was not a single trace of her usual confidence
and determination on her face, and her athletic body was no longer
covered by her tunic. Instead, she was on her kness, naked except for a
black leather thong, in front of these criminals, with no attempt to
cover her nudity. What's more, Batgirl could clearly see the two silvery
rings on her nipples, as well as the leather collar on her neck.
    "Supergirl! What happened? What are you doing here?" Batgirl
exclaimed. "Hmmm.... Looks like your friend here has a lot of questions,
slut," Catwoman purred as she lifted up Supergirl's face with a riding
crop in her hand, "why don't you begin by telling her your name first?"
    "I'm.... I'm S-Superslut...." Supergirl said meekly, her face
blushing with shame. "What?" Batgirl couldn't believe her ears. "You
see," said Catwoman giggling, "Supergirl got tired of fighting crime and
saving people's lives and has decided to turn her powers to more
interesting goals, so me and Dr Rancor here have helped her become
Superslut. Why don't you explain to Batbimbo here what exactly are you,
slut?"
    "I--I'm a f-fucktoy...." Supergirl said, her eyes closed with the
pain and humiliation of having to utter those words in front of a fellow
crimefighter. "That's impossible! What have you done to her? You wicked
woman!" Turning to Catwoman, Batgirl demanded angrily.
    "Tsk, tsk, that's not very nice, isn't it?" Catwoman purred as she
came over, "especially when you're all tied up...." smiling wickedly,
she removed Batgirl's utility belt. Batgirl could only watch helplessly
as her belt was taken away by one of Catwoman's henchmen. "What, what do
you want?" she demanded, still trying to sound brave.
    "Well, dear," Catwoman purred as she stroked Batgirl's bound body
gently, "we've got some old scores to settle haven't we? I was planning
to pay you a visit after I'm done here, but it seems that you have
decided to give me a surprise gift!" Said Catwoman giggling. "You,
you'll never get away with this!" Batgirl snapped angrily. "Oh, really?
Look at this!" Catwoman took out a remote control and pressed the
button. There was a light humming sound, and immediately Supergirl let
out a grunt. As Batgirl watched in surprise, Supergirl closed her eyes
and began panting and her hips started wriggling. Then Catwoman switched
off the remote control and Supergirl immediately let out a cry of
frustration. "Show her," at Catwoman's signal, two of her men grabbed
Supergirl by her arms. As they slowly pulled the thong off her, Batgirl
could see that a vibrator was fitted inside it. It must be controlled by
the remote control in Catwoman's hand, and that was how Supergirl was
stopped from running away that night. Still, Batgirl was shocked to see
how Supergirl was totally under its mercy. Denied of her orgasm,
Supergirl was now lying on the floor in a fetal position, moaning
lightly, her thighs glistening with her juices.
    "See?" Catwoman asked, laughing triumphantly, "all she wants now is
to come, isn't it, slut?" she asked the moaning Supergirl. "Y-yes, oh,
oh," Supergirl answered in a dreamily voice. "Take the slut away!"
Catwoman ordered, "and get her ready for her punishment!"

    Batgirl was concerned about Supergirl, but now she had more imminent
worries. If Catwoman was able to turn Supergirl into some kind of
sex-slave, what is she going to do to her?
    "Not quite the kind of reunion that you were expecting is it?"
Catwoman's words brought her back from her thoughts. "Whatever you're
trying to do, you'll never succeed!" Batgirl snapped in defiance. "Good!
I like that! C'mon boys, set her up!" Immediately, six guys grabbed
Batgirl and carried her to the center of the room. Batgirl struggled
despartely, but tightly bound as she was, there was nothing she could
do. Before they untie her, three men held her still, and a fourth man
gave her a heavy punch in the stomach. As Batgirl doubled up and choked
with the pain, they quickly untied her and cuffed her wrists to two
cuffs hanging down from the ceiling. She was hauled up until her feet
were about one foot from the ground, then her ankles were also chained
to two hooks on the ground. Batgirl winced as the men pulled the chains
taut, stretching her body. Then the men stood obediently next to her as
Catwoman approached.
    "Gosh, I've been waiting for this for so long," Catwoman purred as
she stood in front of Batgirl and raised her right hand. Batgirl looked
in horror as a claw-like blade protruded from her forefinger. She poked
her finger at Batgirl's throat and Batgirl could feel the blade cut
through her suit, and she held her breath nervously. Sensing her fear,
Catwoman laughed. "Are you ready, doctor? It's time to unwrap the
present!" She said laughing as she drew her hand down, ripping open
Barbara's batsuit.
    The front of the suit was now cut open, and Barbara's cleavage could
be clearly seen. Biting her lip, she was determined not to plead or cry
out. She closed her eyes and turned her head away in dismay as Catwoman
made another cut from her left wrist to the right. Grabbing the back of
her suit, Catwoman pulled it down and now Barbara's upper body was
totally exposed. Barbara blushed with shame. Her young, firm breasts
were totally exposed in full light, for each of theses crooks to see.
"Hmmm.... Lovely!" Catwoman said teasingly. "Would you like to see more,
doctor?" "Yes, of course!" Dr Rancor chuckled. Catwoman made several
cuts along Batgirl's legs, and ripped the suit completely off her body.
Batgirl was now totally naked except for a black thong, her mask, gloves
and boots. "Oh, look at that!" Catwoman cried out in mocked surprise and
pointed at Barbara's thong. "What a naughty girl!" Everyone in the room
was laughing, which turned Barbara's shame into anger. "You can laugh
for all you want!" She snapped, "but I'll never surrender!"
    "Oh, really? I'm not so sure," Catwoman teased. "But we'll find out
about that later. All I want to know now is the identity of Batgirl.
Don't you want to know that, boys?" "No!" Batgirl cried out in dismay.
As Batgirl protested and her henchmen cheered, Catwoman reached up and
ripped the mask off her face.
    "Oh my goodness it's Barbara Gordon!" Catwoman exclaimed, and she
burst out laughing. "Batgirl is Barbara Gordon!" She exclaimed.
    "So, Miss Gordon," she teased the furious Barbara, "is working at
the city library really so boring that you have to run around the city
in a rubber suit?"
    "I was trying to help people! And to stop criminals like you!"
Barbara protested angrily. "Oh, really?" Catwoman laughed, "But you
could have joined the police, just like your father, or any ordinary
citizen! You know what? I think you just want to show off! you get off
showing off your body in that suit of yours, you little slut!"
    "No! That's not true----Ouch!" Barbara's angry protest turned to a
cry of pain when Catwoman grabbed her right nipple and twisted it.
Reaching down, Catwoman cut off Barbara's thong to reveal a
nicely-trimmed pussy. "Hmmm... nice!" Catwoman purred and she ran her
hand over it. Barbara closed her eyes and turned her head away in
dismay. "Take your filthy hand off me, you evil woman!" She snapped.
"And what are you going to do if I don't, Miss Chastity?" said Catwoman
as she forced a finger up Barbara's dry hole, causing her to wince with
discomfort, "you just wait and see, I'll have to begging for it in no
time."
    "I was going to start your training rightaway," said Catwoman as she
withdrew her finger, "but since you're such a nice girl I'll postpone
that until tomorrow. Now I'm just going to give you a taste of what your
punishment will be like!" Smiling viciously, she signaled one of her
henchmen, and he came over with a leather case. From the leather case
Catwoman took out a syringe and a small bottle. Barbara watched
nervously as Catwoman drew the contents of the bottle into the syringe.
"Don't worry," Catwoman said smiling, "you'll soon find out what it is."
Barbara couldn't help struggling as Catwoman approached with the
syringe. "Catwoman! I'll get you for this!" She cried out in
desperation.
    "Oh, I just can't wait for you to get me!" Catwoman cooed as she
poked the needle into Barbara's arm and injected her. "This is one of
several new drugs that I've been experimenting on. Try it, I'm sure
you'll like it."
    Barbara waited anxious for the drug to take effect. But after a few
minutes, the drug still didn't seem to be doing anything. Then smiling
wickedly, Catwoman leaned forward, stuck out her tongue and licked her
left nipple. "Oooooh!" the sensation of pleasure was so strong that
Barbara felt as if she was struck by a bolt of lightning. Caught by
surprise, she couldn't suppress her moan. "See? This drug can enhance
your sensation of both pleasure and pain by a hundred times. That was
how pleasure's like with it," Catwoman said as she picked up her crop
and walked behind Barbara, "but today we'll focus on the pain part...."
with these words, she brought the crop heavily down on Barbara's back.
    "Aaaaaaaah!" Barbara cried out in pain. She was expecting the worst
but the feeling was almost unbearable. Swish! Catwoman hit her again.
"Uuuuuuurgh!" Barbara gritted her teeth and tried not to cry out. "So
how do you like it, huh? Huh?" Catwoman asked as she hit Barbara again
and again, and soon Barbara's back was criss-crossed with red welts.
Slowly, Catwoman moved her way down to Barbara's white, round ass. "Ugh,
ugh," Barbara let out several suppressed cries as Catwoman went on.
"Hmmm... not bad for a spoiled bitch like you," Catwoman said as she
stopped, giving Barbara some time to catch her breath. "Let's see how
our Batbimbo is!" She said as she stood in front of Barbara.
    Barbara was trembling with the pain. Her body was covered by a thin
layer of sweat, and her auburn hair was matted to her forehead. She
looked at Catwoman and bit her lip. "Now take this, slut!" Catwoman said
as she brought the crop down on Barbara's breasts.
    "Aaaaaaaah!" Barbara howled with the pain as the crop landed right
across her delicate breasts. "What? Not so tough after all are we?"
Catwoman said as she whipped Barbara again, this time hitting her right
across her nipples, drawing another cry from Barbara. "Ah, ah, ah!
Aaaaaaah!" She tossed her head and cried out as Catwoman hit her again
and again, and now the white globes of her breasts were covered with red
stripes. Finally, she couldn't take it anymore. "Please! Stop!" She
pleaded, "please! You win! I can't take this anymore! Ah! Ah!"
    "Excuse me? What did you say?" Catwoman asked teasingly as she
continued. "I said you've won! Please, stop!" Batgirl pleaded, her eyes
now wet with tears. "And what do you mean by that?" Catwoman asked as
she hit Barbara one more time. "Ouch! I, I'll do what you say! Just stop
hitting me!"
    "Oh, really? Are you sure?" Catwoman asked. "Yes, p-please! I beg
you! Just stop!" Barbara pleaded, gasping, a drop of tear finally ran
down her cheek. "And if I tell you to fuck every man in this room, will
you do it?" Catwoman asked. "I...I...Oh!" Barbara cried out in alarm as
Catwoman poked her breast with the crop. "Oh, yes, yes," she answered
meekly, closing her eyes in shame. "Well, boys, you heard what the lady
just said! Now let her down!"
    Barbara was still shaking when the men lowered her to the ground.
They adjust the length of the chain so that she was now on her knees,
with her ankles still chained, keeping her legs spread. "Well, Dr
Rancor," said Catwoman cheerfully, "as usual, I think you should do the
honor."

To be continued....




Batgirl: Catwoman's Prey (nc, bd, M+/ff)

by Citizen Bane


II.

    Barbara resigned herself to fate as Dr Rancor took off his pants.
Laughing, Catwoman knelt down next to the bound and naked heroine and
tentatively placed her hand on Barbara's thigh. Immediately a shudder
ran through her, and when Catwoman slowly ran her hand up to her pussy,
Barbara couldn't help but let out a grunt. The sensation-enhancing drug
was still effective, and when Catwoman began to tickle her clit, the
sensation was incredible. "Oh...oh...." Barbara moaned and wriggled her
hips, her juices flowing in torrents. "Well, doctor," said Catwoman
giggling, "it looks like our Batcunt here just can't wait to be fucked!
You'd better hurry up!"
    "Sure!" said Dr Rancor chuckling as he knelt down behind Barbara and
positioned his cock at the entrance of her steaming pussy. "Here,
Batcunt! Take this!" He grunted as he thrust into her with one deep
thrust. "God she's tight!" he gasped, "not so tight as Superslut of
course but still incredibly tight! Oh I just can't wait to fuck her
ass!" Excited, he began thrusting. "OH! Huh--huh!" Barbara grunted as Dr
Rancor fucked her with long, hard thrusts. She was at first alarmed by
Dr Rancor's words, but now she was so absorbed in the powerful sensation
of his fucking that she didn't care anymore. She moaned and squirmed
madly, and she felt herself coming. "This slut is wild!" Dr Rancor
chuckled. Sensing that he was close to coming, he increased his tempo,
and as Barbara signaled her orgasm with loud cries, he thrust deep into
her and shut his load deep inside her.
    "Oh, oh," Barbara was still moaning after Dr Rancor had pulled out.
"So how do you like the daughter of Gotham City's police chief?"
Catwoman asked giggling. "Not bad, not bad at all!" Dr Rancor chuckled,
running his hand along Barbara's bruised back. "Why don't you try her
ass too, I bet she hasn't been fucked there before. Unless I'm terribly
wrong about this little slut. Am I, Miss Gordon?" Catwoman asked as she
grabbed Barbara by her hair. "Uh, no--no," Barbara answered meekly.
"C'mon, doctor, let's get you ready," said Catwoman eagerly.
    "No! Pl--" Barbara's plea was cut short by Catwoman, who grabbed her
cheeks and squeezed her mouth open. Immediately, Dr Rancor forced his
softened cock in. "Mmmm!" Barbara struggled at the invasion of her
mouth, frowning at the taste of Dr Rancor's cock, a mixture of his cum
and her own juices. However, with Catwoman's firm grip on her jaw, all
she could do was to moan in dismay as Dr Rancor thrust back and forth,
and soon he was rock-hard again. "Look at it, Batcunt!" Catwoman pointed
at Dr Rancor's cock, now coated with Barbara's saliva, as he pulled out.
"Soon you'll have it buried up that cute little ass of yours!"
    "No!" Barbara cried out in alarm as she felt the head of Dr Rancor's
cock at the entrance of her virgin ass. Savoring her fear, Dr Rancor
held still for a while before he grabbed her hips and slowly pushed his
way into her tight anal passage. "Oooooh! Ugh! Ugh!" Barbara cried out
and tucked at her bonds. She felt like her whole body was completely
filled up by this cock and it was going to split her in half. Dr Rancor
pushed until he was totally buried inside Barbara, then he held still
and let his cock throb inside the now trembling heroine.
    "Ah, ah, ah!" Barbara began moaning when, after a few minutes, Dr
Rancor began pumping her. Her moans were soon stifled when Catwoman
signaled one of her henchmen and he immediately pushed his cock into her
mouth. Taken by the sensation of her ass-fuck, Barbara didn't try to
resist this time, and was soon sucking on the guy eagerly, moaning all
the time. Laughing, Catwoman turned to leave the room. "Okay guys! Get
ready for your turn! Remember, each one of you has to fuck her at least
once before I'm back!" She said laughing.

    In another room, Supergirl was waiting for Catwoman, chained
spread-eagled to a large wooden rack. She looked at Catwoman in fear as
she entered. "Please don't punish me!" Supergirl pleaded, "I promise you
I'll never disobey you again!" "Shut up, slut!" Catwoman scolded.
Secretly she was pleased at the lack of self-esteem that Supergirl
showed. "You're a useless slut and now you're going to pay for it!" With
these word she produced a black leather box and opened it in front of
Supergirl. Supergirl looked and saw that it was full of needles of about
two inches long. "Look at them! They're nice aren't they?" Catwoman
purred. "They have an extra-high Krytonite content, eighty percent to be
exact, and I'm sure you'll love them!"
    "No! Please! Please!" Supergirl begged. "Shut up! Slut!" Catwoman
scolded as she placed a ball-gag over Supergirl's mouth and tied it
around her head. Then, smiling wickedly, she took out a needle from the
box. As Supergirl watched in horror, she slowly pointed it at her right
breast. Supergirl shook her head frantically, struggling in vain against
her bonds. "Here, try this!" Catwoman hissed as she grabbed Supergirl's
breast with one hand and slowly pushed the pin in.
    "Hmmmm!" Supergirl tossed her head and screamed in agony as the
needle pierced her breast. Catwoman continued until about half an inch
of the needle was inside, then she took out another needle. With
Supergirl struggling and screaming, she proceeded to push about three
dozen of needles into Supergirl's breasts, and now they looked like two
pin cushions. By this time Supergirl was in agony, and she didn't even
noticed it when Catwoman moved down to her pussy. Her whole body
tightened when Catwoman pushed the first needle into her blonde snatch,
right next to her pierced lips. After Catwoman had adorned her pussy
with more than ten needles, Supergirl was not longer screaming. She was
shaking silently in agony; her eyes were half-closed, her cheeks were
wet with tears, and her forehead was covered by a thin layer of cold
sweat. For Catwoman, the tortured heroine was an exquisite sight, and
she bent over to lap the tears off Supergirl's cheeks. "Listen, slut, I
know this is going to disappoint you," Catwoman purred, "But you're not
going to get your daily gang-bang tonight. Instead, you'll spend the
night here with these lovely pins. This is what you get for disobeying
me! And when my men come to get you tomorrow morning, you'd better be a
good girl!" Then she left, leaving the superheroine in pain and
darkness.

    When Catwoman returned, the sixth man had just finished with
Barbara. The effect of the sensation-enhancer was finally wearing off,
but by this time Barbara had already lost count of her orgasms. She was
now hanging exhausted by her wrists, gasping, with her cheeks covered
with cum. Cum was also running from her chin down her neck to her
breasts, and dripping down her thighs from her pussy and her ass. She
gave Catwoman a dazed look as she came in. "So how is our Batcunt doing?
Have you guys all fucked her? Good! Now get this filthy slut cleaned up
and send her back to her cell!"
    Barbara was too exhausted to put up a fight when they unchained her
and hosed her clean. Next, she was carried to her cell on a different
level, where she was put on a leather collar, with matching leather
cuffs on her wrists and ankles. Then she was made to get on all fours
and a bowl of rice and a bowl of water were placed in front of her. "Eat
it, slut," one of her guards said, "this is your dinner. And don't use
your hands!" he added as the others burst out laughing. Barbara looked
at the bowl of rice and felt like crying. She hadn't eaten anything
(except cum) since her capture, and now she was both tired and hungry.
But for her, to eat like a dog in front of all these men was too
humiliating, even after they had all used and abused her in the past few
hours. Seeing her hesitate, the man chuckled and asked her, "what, don't
like plain rice? Let me add some seasoning." With these words he
unzipped, pulled out his cock and started jerking off. "Oh, no!" Barbara
cried out in dismay and turned her head away. But the other guys held
her and forced her to watch as the first man shot his cum on the rice.
"Now, slut, eat this!" He said chuckling. "No--Oh! Ah! Ah!" Barbara's
protests were cut short when another man raised the whip in his hand and
brought it heavily down on her unprotected ass. The pain of the whip
hitting her new wounds made her jump up and cry out. "Oh! Oh! Ah!
Please, stop! Please! Ah!" Barbara pleaded as she finally began to cry.
"Please!" she pleaded, "I'll, I'll eat it! Please! Just don't hit me
anymore!" And as the men watched and cheered, the defeated crimefighter
lowered her head and began lapping up the water and the cum-stained rice
from the bowls. When she finally finished eating, she was finally
allowed to rest. The guards cuffed her wrists and ankles together, and
chained her collar to her cell. "Get some rest, slut!" one of them said,
"you've got a busy day ahead!"

    "Good morning, my slut! Did you have a good night's sleep?" Catwoman
greeted Barbara as she was brought into the room in a leash. Upon seeing
her tormentor, Barbara could hardly suppress her anger and glared at
Catwoman. "Hmm... I like tough girls like you," Catwoman purred, "it
gives me more pleasure breaking them!" Barbara fought hard against the
urge to retort. She knew that she was still too weak to fight back, and
all she could do was to wait for her chance. She was determined not to
let Catwoman win today.
    Catwoman, on her part, almost laughed when she saw the look on
Barbara's face. "C'mon, boys, get the slut ready!" At her order her men
immediately grabbed Barbara and cuffed her wrists together to the
chained hanging down from the ceiling. Before they hauled her up,
Catwoman approached her with her syringe. Remembering her whipping
yesterday, Barbara tried to put up a brave face. However, today, after
injecting her with the sensation enhancer, Catwoman injected her with a
second drug. Next, Barbara was hauled up until her feet couldn't touch
the floor. Her mind was wondering wildly what the second drug was. Would
it make her pain even worse? Could she bear it?
    "Don't worry, my slut," Catwoman purred, "the second drug is not
another sensation-enhancer. It's something much more interesting. Can
you feel it now? No? Don't you think it's a bit warm in here?"
    Now that Catwoman mentioned it, Barbara could indeed feel the room
getting warmer and warmer. No, it's not the room, it was her. She was
getting hot and horny. The drug was an aphrodisiac! She thought in
horror. "What have you done to me? You wicked woman!" She cried out in
shock and anger. To that, Catwoman only giggled. She was certain that
soon her newly-invented drug--the most powerful aphrodisiac ever--would
have its effect on Barbara, and she would be so horny that she wouldn't
be able to control herself at all.
    Indeed, Barbara was already having a hard time keeping still. Her
face was blushing, her mouth was dry, but her pussy was getting wetter
and wetter every second, and her nipples were now rock-hard, begging for
attention. What's more, under the effect of the sensation-enhancer,
every sensation became an unbearable turn-on: the rough feeling of the
cuffs rubbing her wrists, as well as the feeling of her weight pulling
on her arms.
    "Urgh...urgh...." Barbara grunted as she fought hard to control
herself. "Hmmm... I think the slut is ready..." Catwoman purred as she
raised her whip. "Aaaaaah!" Barbara cried out as the whip hit her across
her breasts. Much to her surprise, Catwoman was not hitting her so hard,
and although it still hurt, it wasn't the agony that she experienced the
day before. Instead, Barbara was taken by a strange mixture of pain and
pleasure. As Catwoman went on, Barbara felt like her breasts were on
fire; they were so hot that she wanted to beg the men, any of them or
all of them, to come over, grab them and molest them. But she still
managed to restrict herself to moans and cries.

    "I think we're ready for the next part," said Catwoman as she
stopped suddenly, taking Barbara by surprise. "Bring the other slut!"
she ordered.
    No one spoke while they were waiting. The only sound that Barbara
could hear was her own panting. Somehow, in her delirium, it had become
the sexiest sound in the world. Almost unconsciously, she closed her
eyes, brought her unchained legs together and squeezed. "Stop that, you
little slut!" Catwoman burst out laughing, "I've got something even
better for you! Look!"
    Opening her eyes, Barbara saw Supergirl standing in front of her,
totally naked and with her head lowered. "Morning, Superslut!" Catwoman
said cheerfully. "Good morning, mistress," the superheroine answered
meekly. "Have you learn your lesson yet?" Catwoman asked teasingly as
she placed her hand on Supergirl's pussy and began gently rubbing it.
"Y-yes, mistress," Supergirl answered. "So you'll do anything I say
now?" "Y-yes, mistress." Supergirl answered again. Tiny marks were still
visible on her breasts, and she had too fresh a memory of last night's
torture to displease Catwoman. "Good," said Catwoman as she began
tickling Supergirl's clit, "now go and fuck Batcunt over there!"
    "Wh-what...Ah!" Supergirl moaned as her clit expanded to its full
length in Catwoman's hand. Even though she was almost delirious with
desire, Barbara was still shocked by this sight. Supergirl had a cock!
"Oh my god! Su, Supergirl!" She exclaimed, and Supergirl lowered her
head in shame. "You heard me, slut!" Catwoman said sternly, "go and fuck
that slut Barbara Gordon!" "Oh please!" Supergirl pleaded. She wanted to
run away, but with Catwoman playing skillfully with her clit, she was
hooked, and all she could do was to tremble with excitement. Having
missed her daily gang-bang, Supergirl was now horny as hell. "Oh, oh,
yes, yes," she closed her eyes and moaned. Willy-nilly, she let
Catwoman's henchmen lead her to where Barbara was hanging, get hold of
her wrists and cuffed them to Barbara's.
    "Oh...no...no..." Barbara protested as she hung face to face with
Supergirl. Now even the sensation of Supergirl breathing down on her
neck was almost unbearable, and she had to turn her head away to prevent
herself from kissing Supergirl. But she was fighting a battle that she
could never win. As Catwoman ordered, her men grabbed Barbara's thighs,
spread her legs and slowly lowered her onto Supergirl's cock.
    "Ah! Ah!" the two crimefighters moaned in unison as Supergirl's cock
entered Barbara. To make things even worse, the men grabbed Barbara's
ankles and joined the two cuffs together, so that her legs were now
wrapped around Supergirl. By this time Supergirl was trembling wildly
with excitement. "Oh...Batgirl...oh... pl-please.... I'm, I'm
sor-sorry..." she whimpered incoherently. "Oh, Supergirl! Pl, please!
D--don't!" Barbara answered, panting.
    "C'mon girls, don't be shy!" purred Catwoman laughing as she watched
them struggle with their desire. "C'mon!" she said as she raised her
whip and brought it down on Barbara's back. "Ah!" Barbara cried out and
jumped, and all was lost. The sensation of her pussy moving up and down
on Supergirl's cock was too much for her, and as Catwoman went on
whipping her, she locked her legs tightly around Supergirl and began
humping up and down. "Ah! Ah! Aaaaaah!" Barbara moaned loudly as she
fucked herself on Supergirl's cock. "Oh, Batgirl! Ah!" Supergirl joined
in as she began thrusting her hips in return. Soon, as everyone cheered,
the two superheroines were engaged in a passionate French-kiss, pressing
their breasts against each other's. Within seconds Barbara was coming,
and her wild squirming brought Supergirl to orgasm too. "Aaaaaah!"
Supergirl cried out as she flooded Barbara's cunt with her juices.


To be continued....




Batgirl: Catwoman's Prey (nc, bd, M+/ff)

by Citizen Bane


III.

    After her second orgasm, Barbara was still riding on Supergirl's
cock like mad,moaning loudly. Supergirl on her part was almost
exhausted, trembling with the constant stimulation on her
ultra-sensitive clit-cock. Her juices flooded Barbara's cunt and were
now running down their legs to the floor, forming a small puddle. As she
opened her mouth to gasp for air, Barbara hungrily covered it with hers
and thrust her tongue in.
    "Take it easy, slut!" Said Catwoman giggling, "you're gonna kill
her! Boys, break them up before Batcunt drains Superslut dry!" Barbara
cried out in dismay when Catwoman's men uncuffed her ankles and lifted
her off Supergirl's cock. Then they unchained Supergirl and laid her
down on the floor to allow her to recover. Barbara, who was still
moaning and squirming, was also unchained. Her face was all flushed, her
hair was matted to her forehead, and her thighs were covered with
Supergirl's juices and her own. As the men uncuffed her she half-opened
her eyes and saw that a man was already waiting for her on his back on
the floor, and she couldn't help staring hungrily at his upward-pointing
cock. She obediently spread her legs when two men grabbed her thighs and
began to lower her onto this man's cock. "Aaaaaaah!" Barbara tossed her
head and moaned loudly in pleasure. Immediately, she began riding him.
    "See? I told you she's a slut!" Catwoman said to Dr Rancor loudly,
and everyone in the room laughed. Although deep in her mind Barbara was
ashamed by the remark, she was far too horny to stop. Closing her eyes
again, she rode the guy in total abandonment. She began moaning even
louder when another guy knelt down behind her and began pushing his cock
into her asshole, and when a third guy stood in front of her, she
immediately opened her mouth and eagerly engulfed his cock. The three
men ran their hands all over her body, kneading her flesh and squeezing
her breasts, but the rough way they were handling her only seemed to
increase Barbara's excitement. Within seconds she came, again and again,
bucking madly like a wild pony.
    Catwoman was also getting hornier and hornier as she watched.
Turning around, she saw that Supergirl too had her eyes glued on
Barbara's triple penetration and was squeezing her breasts with one hand
while stroking her cock with the other. "Naughty, naughty, you slut!"
Catwoman giggled as she began to remove her catsuit, "C'mon boys, don't
leave our Superslut alone!" She went over to Supergirl and lowered
herself onto her cock. As Supergirl cried out loudly in pleasure, a man
took his place between her breasts, while a second man entered her mouth
and a third man entered her ass.
    After Catwoman had come, she lifted herself off Supergirl and a man
immediately took her place and entered Supergirl's steaming pussy. This
guy continued to toy with Supergirl's cock while he fucked her, drawing
muffled cries of pleasure from her. Catwoman walked over to Barbara. The
men fucking her cunt and her ass had already come inside her, and she
was now greedily swallowing the cum of the guy using her mouth. After he
had pulled out she collapsed onto the floor, eyes closed, licking her
lips.
    At Catwoman's signal another group of men approached Barbara, picked
her up and laid her down on a small platform. Still hungry for more
cocks, Barbara automatically spread her legs wide. Catwoman laughed at
the lewd display of the young crimefighter. "Hungry for more cock,
slut?" She teased as she straddled Barbara's face. Hesitating at first,
Barbara soon began licking Catwoman's pussy when her pussy and her ass
were filled by two new cocks. Her lack of skill was more than
compensated by her enthusiasm, and Catwoman was soon moaning with
pleasure and grinding her hips against Barbara's face. A third man came
over and took his place between Barbara's full, firm breasts, which she
immediately pressed together. When the man came, he stood up and sprayed
his cum all over Barbara's breasts. "Yes, wash the slut with you cum!"
Catwoman hissed as she approached her own orgasm. The two guys fucking
her cunt and her ass immediately pulled out and began jerking off.
Barbara had already come twice from their fucking and was approaching
her third orgasm, and when they pulled out she stopped licking Catwoman
and began moaning in frustration. "Stupid cunt!" Catwoman scolded as she
impatiently grabbed Barbara's hands and placed them between her legs,
"you don't need me to teach you everything do you?" She asked as she
twisted Barbara's cum-stained nipples. Getting her hint, Barbara
inserted two fingers into her pussy and began finger-fucking herself
while toying with her clit with the other hand. After her licking was
resumed, Catwoman came quickly, drenching her face with her juices. Then
the two men came too, shooting their cum all over her breasts.

    Sighing with satisfaction, Catwoman stood up. On the other side of
the room, Supergirl was riding a guy while holding her breasts to her
mouth, eagerly licking cum off them. Her cock was spurting juices up in
the air, indicating that she was coming like crazy. After that guy had
come inside her, she immediately collapsed on the floor, exhausted.
    "Come here, Superslut!" Catwoman ordered. Even though she was so
exhausted that she couldn't even stand, Supergirl still struggled to her
hands and knees and crawled over. "Come here, clean up your slutty
friend!" Catwoman ordered as she guided Supergirl towards Barbara.
Obediently, Supergirl began licking the juices off her face. Barbara too
was exhausted and was gasping for air, but when Supergirl began licking
her she opened her eyes and dreamily sought Supergirl's tongue with
hers, and Supergirl couldn't help but stop licking to return Barbara's
passionate kiss. Barbara began moaning when Supergirl finally broke off
the kiss and continued licking her way down her neck to her breasts,
carefully lapping up every drop of cum. "Yes, yes, please!" Barbara
panted as she grabbed Supergirl's head and pushed it down to her pussy.
However, the obedient Supergirl insisted on cleaning up every inch of
her body, and everyone present was treated to a sexy game of wrestling
between the two superheroines until Supergirl finally reached Barbara's
pussy.
    "Isn't she a good pussy-eater, slut?" Catwoman teased the moaning
Barbara. "Y-yes, I like it...oh, oh," Barbara moaned in reply. Catwoman
gave Supergirl's ass a pat, and as she had learnt, Supergirl spurned her
body around so that she and Barbara were in a sixty-nine position.
Barbara looked at the cock pointing at her nose and, without having to
be told to, eagerly took it in her mouth and began sucking....

    That night, Barbara broke down and cried when she was finally left
alone in her cell. She was so ashamed of what she had done. Yet there
was nothing she could do. In the month that followed, she was put
through the same routine everyday, injected with the drugs, whipped and
then gang-banged. She and Supergirl were made to learn several routines.
For example, Supergirl would fuck her and suck a guy at the same time.
When the guy came, Supergirl would hold his cum in her mouth and then
kiss Barbara, passing the cum to her, which she would then swallow.
While they would usually lick each other clean after every gang-bang,
sometimes each of them would be ordered to clean herself up. Barbara
would first lick the cum off her breasts, then wipe the cum off other
parts of her body and lick it from her hand. No matter how ashamed she
felt, once the drugs were in effect, Barbara would do whatever she was
told to, calling herself a slut or "Batcunt" and begging to be used.
    In was only after the first month that Barbara realized the full
effect of her training. This day, she was chained up as usual. But
surprisingly Catwoman didn't give her any of her usual injections.
Instead, smiling wickedly, she immediately began whipping Barbara. While
the whipping felt less painful, Barbara realized to her horror that her
body was reacting to it nonetheless. As the whipping went on, her body
became more and more aroused, and when Catwoman stopped, her pussy was
already dripping wet. In the past she was able to tell herself that her
actions were due to the effect of the drug, but now it seemed that this
perverted desire was coming from her own self. What am I turning into?
What have they done to me? She screamed in her mind. She was shocked and
ashamed when she was unchained and placed on all fours. Catwoman laughed
as she placed her hand between Barbara's legs to feel her wet pussy.
    "Hmmmm..." she cooed, "looking forward to your usual gangbang today,
slut?" "No!" Barbara cried out painfully. "No? Then what is this, huh?"
she said as she held her hand, which was glistening with Barbara's
juices, in front of her. "No!" Barbara cried out again, "no---ah! Ah!"
She cried out as Catwoman brought the whip heavily down on her ass.
"Don't you lie to me, Batcunt!" Catwoman scolded as she whipped Barbara
brutally. She was hitting Barbara much harder now, and the pain of the
whip hitting Barbara's already reddened ass was excruciating. "Ah! Ah!"
Barbara cried out and wriggled her hips, desperately trying to avoid
Catwoman's whip. Finally she couldn't take it anymore. "Please! Stop!
Ah! Ah! Please! I'll say whatever you want! Please!" "Whatever I want?"
Catwoman was still not satisfied, and whipped her even harder. The skin
of Barbara's ass broke in several places, and tiny droplets of blood
trickled down her ass. "Oh, oh, I'm sorry, oh," Barbara pleaded,
sobbing, "it's, it's not what you want, it's the tr--truth, oh, oh!"
"Then say it, cunt!" "I, I want to be fucked! Please, stop!" "Who? Say
that again!" "This, this Batcunt wants to be fucked, please! Use me!
Fuck me!"
    Barbara was still trembling after Catwoman stopped whipping her.
"C'mon guys," Catwoman said, "you heard what Batcunt says!"
    Again, to her shame, Barbara found herself spreading her legs
automatically when the first man knelt down behind her with his cock
pointing at her pussy. "Take this, Batcunt!" the man chuckled as he
grabbed her hips and entered her with one deep thrust. "Uuuuuuurgh!"
Barbara let out a grunt of both satisfaction and frustration. While the
fucking was pleasurable, it still couldn't be compared to what it was
like with the sensation-enhancer, and soon Barbara began to moan
impatiently and grind her hips to meet the man's thrusts. Finally she
couldn't hold back any longer. "Pl-please!" she pleaded, moaning louder
and louder, "fuck me harder! Harder! Squeeze, squeeze my t-tits! Please!
Ah! Ah!" she cried out in abandonment.

    From that day on Barbara's training entered a new phase. Catwoman
introduced her to one new toy after another. Not only the simple whip or
the riding crop, but also the paddle, clothes-pins, ropes--from
breast-binding to a simple hogtie--and so on. The mere sensation of
ropes squeezing her body was enough to turn her on. And then she would
beg to be used, reluctantly at first, but soon she realized that the
humiliating things she was made to say and the debasing ways she
referred to herself also gave her a kind of perverted pleasure. She was
used not as frequently as Supergirl was, but Catwoman wickedly moved her
to a new cell which was separated from Supergirl's by only a wall. In
the still of the night, Barbara could hear Supergirl's moans vaguely
when Catwoman's henchmen paid her their nightly visits, and she could
rarely resist the temptation to finger-fuck herself, for which she knew
she would be teased and punished the following day, for making herself
come without Catwoman's permission.
    One morning, Barbara was waken up by Catwoman and her men. "Good
morning, cunt!" said Catwoman cheerfully. "Good morning, mistress,"
Barbara answered meekly. "Good!" Catwoman purred as she reached into the
cell and stroked Barbara's breasts, "you've surely made a lot of
progress, my little Batcunt! In fact, you've been much better than I
thought! So to be a fair owner, I'm going to give you a reward!" "A
re-reward?" Barbara asked cautiously, her attention distracted by
Catwoman's fingers on her erect nipples. "Yes! And guess what it is?
We're going home?"
    "H--home?" before Barbara could fully grasp what Catwoman was
saying, her men opened the gate of the cell and got hold of her. A
blindfold, a ball-gag and a leather harness were quickly applied on her.
A thousand questions raced through Barbara's mind as she passively let
the men tightened the harness in darkness. What does Catwoman want this
time? What will become of her once they return to Gotham City? Will she
be put on public display as Catwoman's trophy? But the sensation caused
by the leather harness was soon grabbing her full attention. It was a
harness with three horizontal straps, one above her breasts, one below
them, and one around the waist, held together by a thick vertical strap
which ran from the front down between her legs up her back. Her wrists
were cuffed to leather cuffs attached to the strap around her waist, and
when Catwoman's henchmen tightened the vertical strap to make it press
hard against her pussy, she let out a muffled moan. Barbara was vaguely
aware that she was loaded into a van, then into a chopper, and after the
chopper had landed, back into a van again. At first her instinct as
Batgirl told her to take note of the condition of the road and any other
indication of where they might be, but all she could do in the end was
to press her legs together and squirm and rub her pussy against the
inside of the strap.

    "Hey, slut, we're home!" said Catwoman cheerfully as she removed
Barbara's blindfold. After her eyes had adjusted to the light Barbara
could see that she was inside a large room which looked a bit like
Batman's cave, with all kinds of instruments and monitors. Catwoman was
sitting in a large swivel chair in front of a control panel and several
monitors. "This is my new home, cunt," she said, "generously financed by
the people of Metropolis."
    "Wh, what do you want? What are you going to do?" alarmed, Barbara
asked. "What am I going to do? I don't know," Catwoman cooed, "what do
you think I should do with these cute little toys, slut?"
    "Anyway," Catwoman went on, "I know what I'm going to do with them
today, at least. You see this monitor here? Well, this machine in front
of me can do many things," she said as she pointed to a panel in front
of her, "it can jam all broadcasts, for example, and turn every local TV
station into my own Pussy channel, or your own Pussy channel, to be
precise," she laughed wickedly as she presses a button. Immediately the
monitor began showing one of Barbara's countless gangbangs.
    "No!" Barbara cried out in dismay. "No?" Catwoman asked teasingly,
"Why not? I'm sure your father would love to know what you've been doing
lately. Or maybe you prefer this other scene?" she pressed fastforward
and the scene switched to Barbara masturbating alone in her cell.
    "Please!" Barbara pleaded, "I beg you! Mistress! You can do
anything, but don't let my father see me like that! It'll kill him!
Please! I'll do anything for you!"
    "Anything?"
    "Yes! Just don't show that to my father!"
    "Oh, by the way, I heard that you're fired from the Gotham City
library," Catwoman said, suddenly changing the subject. "What?" Barbara
asked, surprised. "You know, you've been away for so long, they had to
find a replacement." Catwoman went on. "Er, yes," Barbara answered,
still puzzled. "But don't worry, I've found you a new job! You know
Madame Duvall?"
     At this point Barbara finally realized what Catwoman was getting
at. "No!" She protested. Madame Duvall was the owner of a private,
gentlemen's club. Barbara and some activists had petitioned many times
to have it closed. Her father, Commissioner Gordon, had wanted to close
it down too, but the Madame seemed to be protected by many of the rich
and powerful in the city, those who, Barbara suspected, were themselves
among its members. To work for Madame Duvall would mean becoming a
prostitute, and there's no way she's going to do it.
    "Well, what d'you think?" Catwoman purred, "at least your secret
will be safe from your father, unless he's a member of course..."
    "No!" She cried out again. "No? Are you sure?" Catwoman said as she
got up from the chair and stood in front of Barbara, who by now had to
be strained by several of her men. "But I think it would be the perfect
job for you!" she cried out in mock surprise as she grabbed Barbara's
right nipple. "Look at you! You're getting wet the moment this harness
was put on you! And don't you think we didn't see you trying to get off
on the way! Look at how wet you are now! Huh? You little slut!" She
scolded as she pinched and pulled Barbara's nipple cruelly, causing her
to wince with pain. "You're Batcunt! A slut! And this is the perfect job
for you! Do it or I'll send the tape out! I'll make sure that the
commissioner gets a personal copy! You cunt!" "Ah!" Barbara cried out as
her breast was pulled into cone-shape. "No! Please! Don't do that! Ah!
Alright! I'll, I'll do it!"

    Barbara felt like she was waiting for her execution as they waited
for Madame Duvall in her luxurious mansion. She was still totally naked
except for the leather harness, and the ballgag was re-attached to her
mouth. She had been told exactly what to do, and now, she could feel her
pussy getting hotter and hotter as she anticipated yet more
humiliations.
    "Hello, Catwoman, my darling!" Madame Duvall said in an exaggerated
tone as she came in. She was in her early forties, dressed elegantly in
a blue, velvet robe. After the two kissed each other on the cheek, the
madame turned to Barbara.
    "My, my," she exclaimed, "I wouldn't have believed it if I had not
seen it myself! It's my dear Miss Barbara Gordon! What brought you here,
Miss Gordon? Not trying to bring me down anymore?" Barbara felt both
angry and ashamed, but as Catwoman instructed, she didn't respond and
kept her head down. "So what Catwoman said was true, huh?" the madame
went on, "this is the little secret under that snooty face of yours?
That you want to work for me?" Closing her eyes, Barbara nodded.
Although madame found the situation a bit strange, she couldn't miss the
opportunity to get back at her arch opponent. "Actually, Miss Gordon
here has a very particular secret fantasy," Catwoman added, "She wants
to be dressed up as Batgirl and get raped by a bunch of crooks!"
    "Oh, really?" Madame Duvall asked as she burst out laughing. "Well
I'm sure that can be arranged!" "So it's a deal then?" Catwoman asked.
"Yes, of course, she works here once every week, I keep her identity
secret and give her to my special clients only, right?" "Yes, and make
sure she get the very 'special' kind..." Catwoman purred. "Of course!"
said Madame Duvall laughing, "but I think I've got something for her
right now. Some kind of welcoming ceremony!"

    James Gordon was not happy. All he had agreed to that evening was a
drink with the mayor, and then one thing led to another--a phrase that
sums up his entire relation with the man. When Frank Pattern first
arrived at Gotham City, James Gordon was still a chief inspector. Like
many of the conservative Gotham natives, he didn't like that man at all.
First of all, he was an outsider, and secondly, he was a self-made
millionaire, and for them this meant a parvenu. Back then, Gotham City
was still a snobbish, old-fashioned society in which inherited wealth
was more highly-regarded. But then Frank Pattern came, bringing with him
all kinds of ideas of development, and under his influence the Gotham
aristocracy became industrialists and speculators, acquiring wealth that
even they had never dreamt of. Others followed and became self-made
millionaire like Pattern himself, and they all loved him. But James
Gordon was not impressed. For him all this was greed, not
entrepreneurship.
    After he had become police commissioner, he had ordered several
investigations into Pattern to see if there's anything wrong with his
business dealings, but couldn't find anything wrong with him. Much to
his dismay, Frank Pattern went into politics and easily became the
mayor, and as commissioner the two had to work frequently together.
Looking back, James Gordon still couldn't figure out why he allow
himself to become friends with that man. Then Frank Pattern began to
give him tips about the stock market. At that time James Gordon had very
little interest and knowledge about stocks, but his daughter was still
little, and he wanted to send her to the most exclusive schools in
Gotham City, and wanted her to have a comfortable life when she grew up.
So again and again he made investments following Pattern's tips. By the
time he realized what they did was improper it was already too late, and
he found himself in Pattern's hands. Pattern had never made him do
anything illegal, but he found himself yielding to every little requests
from him, from setting the police's priorities to a late-night drink
which tonight had degenerated into a visit to a club that he despised.
    James Gordon felt embarrassed, angry and bullied as he followed
Frank Pattern into the main hall of Madame Duvall's club. He saw many
familiar faces, and had to force a smile as he greeted them, with them
smiling back to him knowingly. He had never been to any place like that
before in his entire life, and slightly to his relief, it was actually
quite like any cocktail party, with the exception that wine was severed
by naked, beautiful, young women, and apart from helping themselves to
the drinks on the trays these girls were holding, the guests also helped
themselves to their fresh, young breasts and perfectly round bottoms.
When a girl offered him her tray, he nervously took a glass and looked
away from her.
    Happily, Frank Pattern had come to his rescue. "C'mon James, I'll
show you something." He dragged the commissioner through a door into a
small room. Apart from them, there were only a few people in the room,
which made James Gordon feel a lot more comfortable. At the center there
was a small platform, and on top of it was a woman on her hands and
knees. Her stomach was resting on a small stool, and her wrists and
ankles were cuffed to the platform. Her hair was tied in a ponytail, and
she was totally naked except for a black leather mask which covered the
upper half of her face, a ring gag, and a thick leather collar. The mask
showed only her eyes, and together with the ring gag it was impossible
to tell what she looked like, but from her slim body and her smooth skin
it would appear that she was quite young. After they had come in, the
door was immediately closed. A woman was standing next to the naked
girl, and Commissioner Gordon recognized her as Madame Duvall. She
smiled politely to him, and he reluctantly had to nod in return. "Well,
gentlemen," Madame Duvall looked up and said loudly, "as I was just
saying, this is Babs, one of our new girls. Now don't let yourselves be
fooled by her demure appearance. Babs here has a very wild fantasy--she
wants to be Batgirl and wants to be captured by a bunch of very very
naughty crooks!" There was a burst of laughter among the men,
accompanied by some muffled sounds from the girl. "As a welcoming gift
to our new girl, I'm now going to give Babs her very own Bat sign, and
I'd like to invite you gentlemen to witness this! Mr White, would you
please?"
    Mr White was a man in a black suit. At Madame Duvall's words, he
opened a briefcase that he was holding and took out a tattoo gun. While
he watched all this, James Gordon couldn't help noticing that the girl
was staring at him. In fact, from the moment he entered the room, he
felt that her stare never left him. What's more, it seemed that she was
looking at him with a kind of angry, accusing stare, which together with
his own feeling of guilt made James Gordon extremely uncomfortable.
    Holding the girl's waist with one hand, Mr White raised the tattoo
gun and began his work. A small bat symbol was already outlined at the
small of the girl's back, just above the crack of her shapely ass. When
the gun touched her skin, the girl grunted under her gag and began
breathing heavily. But apart from that there was no movement from the
girl, probably because she was tightly secured. Now the dark blue symbol
was almost finished, Commissioner Gordon noticed that her eyes were
still fixed on him. He could also see that her nipples were erect. What
are you looking at, you whore, he thought, getting pleasure from such
perverted things as this.
    "Interested?" Pattern's voice sounded more taunting than concerned,
"why don't you give it a try?" he said as he pushed the commissioner
forward so that he was face to face with the girl. By now the tattoo was
finished, and several of the guests were running their hands along the
girl's body, concentrating on her pendant breasts. As she was being
handled the girl shook her head slightly and let out more muffled
grunts. How dare you look at me like that, you whore, James Gordon
thought as he unzipped and took out his semi-erect cock. The girl began
making more noises, but the collar had prevented her from turning her
head away when he inserted his cock through the ring gag into her mouth.
She was unsettled at first, as if she was trying to eject him with her
tongue, but soon she began sucking on his cock eagerly and skillfully,
giving James Gordon a sensation that he had never experienced before. He
couldn't believe the pleasure his was having. How could such a young
girl be giving such pleasures to a total stranger! And remembering her
name, he was overtaken with guilt when he imagined what his own daughter
would say if she knew of this. He felt even angrier at the girl.
"Whore!" he muttered under his breath as she hungrily swallowed his cum.

To be continued....




Batgirl: Catwoman's Prey (nc, bd, M+/f)

by Citizen Bane


IV.

    Barbara winced with discomfort, but with her wrists and ankles
tightly secured and with the thick leather collar on her neck, this was
all she could do. With all the guests gazing hungrily at her body, she
felt so ashamed and wanted to lower her head and hide her face, but
again all she could so was to lower her eyes and avoid their stare. Her
breasts looked larger hanging down, and the curve of her ass was
emphasized by her position, drawing many lewd comments from the guests.
Madame Duvall's presentation speech only made things worse. Barbara was
introduced as a masochistic slut who liked to be used roughly, and
preferably by several men at once. But as she listened, Barbara really
felt herself getting horny. At first she felt ashamed of herself, but
then, thinking that her mask would protect her identity from these men,
she surrendered herself to this perverted pleasure she found in the
madame's humiliating words, secretly hoping that the men would be so
excited that they would lay their hands on her body and start molesting
her immediately. She closed her eyes, and her breath quickened as Madame
Duvall's speech went on.
    Then the madame stopped talking. Surprised and frustrated, Barbara
opened her eyes to see what was going on. Her heart sank when she saw
Frank Pattern open the door. She was not really surprised to see the
mayor here, as she had already noticed several of Gotham City's rich and
powerful among the guests. But Frank Pattern was someone she really
hated and despised, and the thought that he might become her "client"
was just revolting. Pattern was holding the arm of another man, and as
he dragged that man to the center of the room, she could see that he was
none other than James Gordon, Gotham's commissioner of police and her
respected father.

    Barbara would never forget the moment when his face appeared under
the light of the hanging lamp. "Noooooo!" she cried out, but with a
ring-gag in her mouth, this only came out as a muffled grunt. Ignoring
her, Madame Duvall went on. All the time, Barbara just couldn't take her
eyes off her father. She stared at the aging commissioner in anger and
disbelief. She felt betrayed, and she was hoping to find in her father's
expression some hint of what he was doing there. Is he a regular? Has he
done anything with the other girls? What is he going to do tonight? With
whom? With Her? Her mind was filled with horror as she thought of that.
Then, to complete her humiliation, the madame told the guests about her
Batgirl fantasy and announced that she was going to be tattooed with a
bat symbol. So she was just a slut who liked to imagine that she was
Batgirl, and now she was going to be marked permanently with the bat
symbol. This symbol which was once her pride was now turning into a
symbol of her slavery and her depravity.
    Barbara found herself breathing harder and harder as she thought of
these. "She's dripping wet!" She heard one guest whisper to another. She
saw her father's eyes wandering all over her body, and she wanted to
tell him to stop. At this point a hand grabbed her hip and Barbara felt
a sting at her back, just above her ass. So they are tattooing her now,
she thought. I'm Babs, the Batcunt, the Batslut....
    She couldn't help but tremble with excitement as a guest reached
out, grabbed her nipple and began tweaking it. She opened her eyes and
saw that thankfully it wasn't her father. But now she could see that,
unmistakably, there were anger and contempt in the commissioner's eyes.
Yeah right, Barbara thought as she mind was getting more and more
occupied by the sensations in her body. Mister Commissioner, your
daughter is a cheap slut and you're a dirty old man, good friend of that
jerk Frank Pattern....
    Then her worst nightmare came true. Like a possessed man, the
commissioner took a step forward and unzipped his trousers. Barbara
looked in horror at the semi-erect cock right in front of her, which her
father then proceed to insert into her mouth through the ring-gag.
"Hmmmmm!" Barbara protested, but no words could come out. Instead, the
movements of her tongue seemed to have excited her father, and his cock
became harder and harder. Several pairs of hand were on her body now,
squeezing her tits and fingering her hot, wet pussy. In her own
excitement, Barbara began to work her tongue on the cock in her mouth.
After a while, the commissioner responded to her sucking and began to
thrust back and forth himself. Within seconds he was coming, shooting
his hot cum deep into her throat. "Whore!" As Barbara instinctively
worked her throat to swallow every drop, she heard him mutter under his
breath.
    As soon as he had come, the commissioner pulled his cock out, zipped
up and almost ran out of the room. At first Frank Pattern looked like he
wanted to be the next one, but now, cursing, he ran out after the
commissioner. Barbara wanted to cry. Her own father just called her a
whore, and that's after she swallowed his cum. But now her mind was
almost entirely taken up by the two fingers thrusting in and out of her
pussy and the finger probing her asshole. "Huugh! Huugh!" She grunted,
trying to say the word "whore". Two guests began spanking her,
alternating their strokes on her ass. "Urrgh!" She moaned, begging them
to hit her harder, and when a guest hit her ass with a particularly hard
stroke, she shuddered and came.

    Catwoman was lying lazing on a couch when Barbara was brought in
front of her by two of her henchmen. Barbara was crawling on all fours,
led by a leash attached to her collar.
    "Well, did you have fun tonight, my Batcunt?" Catwoman purred, "I've
just finished watching the tape that Madame Duvall gave me. God I never
knew the Commissioner was such a naughty boy. And how did it feel
swallowing daddy's cum? It could be your little brothers and sisters,
you know." She said, giggling.
    At this Barbara couldn't take it anymore. She jumped up, but was
held back by the leash. "How could you do this to me?" She screamed,
struggling madly. "You set me up! You set me up!" She cried out, tears
running down her cheeks, "It's all because of you! It's all because of
you!"
    "Now don't you forget who's the boss here you cunt!" Catwoman
scolded as she grabbed Barbara by her chin. "I didn't make your father
do whatever he did, but if that's what you want, I can certainly try to
set more things up for the two of you!" She said menacingly. "Oh, no!
Please!" Barbara pleaded. "Now you listen to me, cunt!" Catwoman went
on, "I'll be nice today, just to show that I can be understanding
sometimes. But if you disobey me once more in the future, I'll broadcast
the tape on Gotham City TV, and I'll make sure that the commissioner
finds out who that little whore is! Is that clear?" "Oh, no, please!
Don't do that!" Barbara got down on her hands and knees again and
pleaded, "Please! I'll do anything you say! Just don't let my father
know, please!"
    "Well, that depends on whether you're a good girl or not...."
Catwoman purred as she stood up. "Please! I'll, I'll be a good girl!
I'll do anything you say!" Barbara pleaded frantically. "Good, then
there's something that I'd like you to do...."

    "We are wasting our time here!" Penguin said angrily, "I suggest
that we leave now! I know she's bluffing!" "Well, we're here already,"
Joker answered, grinning as he always does, "why don't we at least find
out what the woman is up to?" the two were sitting in a finely decorated
room inside Catwoman's dent.
    "Well, gentlemen! Sorry to keep you waiting!" Catwoman purred as she
appeared at the door with a leash in her hand, "our guest of honor
needed a little bit of preparation--and persuasion."
    "So where's the Batchick huh? You said you've captured her!" Penguin
grumbled.
    "Well here you are gentlemen!" said Catwoman as she entered the
room, tucking on the leash. "I present to you--Batgirl!"
    "Fuck! No way!" Penguin exclaimed. The leash that Catwoman was
holding was attached to a leather collar, worn by a woman on all fours.
The woman was wearing Batgirls' mask, but apart from that she was
totally naked. She was looking at the two men with fear in her eyes.
"Well, why don't you tell the two gentlemen here who you are, slut,"
said Catwoman.
    "I--I'm Batcunt," Barbara said meekly. "I--I used to be called
Batgirl b-but I'm now called Batcunt because that's wh-what I really
am...." although she had practiced the speech many times, coached by
Catwoman's whip, Barbara still couldn't help blushing as she said it.
    "Well, well, this is interesting...." Joker murmured as he walked
around Barbara, inspecting her closely. "Batcunt! Haha! I like that!"
Penguin exclaimed as he jumped up and down. "Is she the really-" "Of
course she's real!" Catwoman interrupted Joker's question. "So do we
have a deal?"
    "Hmmmm.... So we help you with your big plan, and you lend her to
us?" Joker asked as he studies the tattoo on Barbara's back. "That's
right."
    "Fine, but you'd better not be playing any tricks with us here. This
slut here had better be the real Batgirl."
    "Of course she is! I'll have her prove it to you in the future."
    "Okay, you have my word then. What do you think, Penguin?"
    "Sure! Let's start playing with Batcunt! Haha, Batcunt!" said
Penguin eagerly as he ran his hands all over Barbara's body.
    "Okay then, she's yours for tonight!" Catwoman said cheerfully as
she handed Joker the leash.
    "Great! Let's try out the toys that we've brought!" Penguin
exclaimed. Joker was stroking Barbara's face gently. "Well, well, well,
I still can hardly believe this. Well done, Catwoman!"
    "Yeah, yeah, we thought you're kidding!" Penguin echoed as he opened
a box. "But just in case it's true we've prepared some welcome gifts for
the Batchick--oh sorry, I mean Batcunt! Oh, look! I'm unwrapping the
gift myself! Haha!"
    Barbara was already expecting the worst when Catwoman told her that
she would be entertaining the two arch nemeses of Batman and herself.
Catwoman had given her enough warning by threatening to make the tape
public and giving her an extra-severe whipping in which the
sensation-enhancing drug was used again, so she was kneeling obediently
while Joker toyed with her breasts.
    "Look at this, what do you guys think?" Penguin said triumphantly as
he held up what looked like a bridle and a riding crop. The bridle was
elegantly made with fine black leather and silver. Barbara was filled
with shock and revulsion when she realized what it was and how it was
going to be used. "C'mon, let's put this on!" With the help of Catwoman
and Joker, Penguin put the bridle on Barbara, who winced uncomfortably
as the bit was forced into her mouth. "One final touch," Penguin said
chuckling as he took out two metal clamps from his pocket. Each of them
had a bell attached at the end, and as Barbara watched in horror he
snapped them on her erect nipples, drawing a moan of pain from her.
    "Mine, mine, she looks delicious, doesn't she?" Catwoman purred, and
Penguin chuckled. It was Catwoman that he had originally wanted to use
the bridle on, when he first saw her many years ago. But now it's not
too bad, he thought, or maybe even better, 'cos it's the Batchick that
he's going to ride. Or maybe the bridle will still be used on the Cat
one day? He grinned as he thought of that. "Look at you, Batcunt,"
Catwoman said as she held Barbara's head up, pointing her to a large
mirror in the room. Barbara could feel her pussy getting hotter and
hotter as she looked at her image in the mirror. The bridle and the
clamps on her nipples matched perfectly with her Batmask. "Hmmm..."
Joker said with a wide grin, "she looks really sexy! Well done,
Penguin!" "Well, I'd better let you boys enjoy yourselves with your new
toys then!" Catwoman said as she began to leave. "Wait, wait, aren't you
going to join us?" Penguin asked hopefully. "Thanks, some other time,
maybe," Catwoman purred.
    Penguin grunted in disappointment, but he became cheerful again when
he saw Barbara. "Okay, Batpony, let's play!" He shouted as pushed
Barbara onto her hands and knees, and then he sat down on her back and
grabbed the reins attached to the bridle. The short and fat Penguin was
incredibly heavy, and Barbara thought her back was going to break.
"C'mon! Go! Go!" He said impatiently, and Barbara struggled to crawl
forward. Not happy with her efforts, Penguin raised the crop and brought
it heavily down on her ass. Letting out a muffled cry, Barbara tried
desperately to crawl faster. "Haha! Look at me, haha!" Penguin shouted
as he rode Barbara around the large room, to the jingling of the bells
on her nipples, controlling her by the reins and hitting with the crop
all the time. Barbara had to carry him around the room four times until
he was satisfied, and as soon as he got off her she collapsed on the
floor, exhausted.
    "Tired already? We've just begun!" Joker said as he took the bridle
off Barbara's head but left the clamps on. "You never thought we would
be doing something like this did you? Well neither did I," he said in
his usual, over-friendly tone. "I know we've never really been friends
in the past, but there's a first time to everything, right? And being
the generous person that I am, I've got a present for you, Batcunt.
Would you like to see it?"
    "Y--yes, sir, pl-please." Barbara answered obediently, still
gasping.
    "Now there's a good girl!" Joker said laughing. "I knew you're a
good girl the first time I saw you! This is just great! Come here!" He
led Barbara to a corner of the room. There was a nicely-wrapped, large
box on the floor. As Joker instructed, Barbara unwrapped and opened it.
Inside the box was a wooden pony. It looked exactly like a little girl's
wooden pony, nicely painted with bright colors, but was large enough for
an adult to sit on. In the middle of the saddle there were two
cock-shaped metal rods, with the one in the back slightly shorter and
thinner.
    "It's interesting that we came up with similar ideas isn't it?" said
Joker grinning. "C'mon baby, try it!"
    Barbara looked at the two metal cock in horror. "Can I...p--prepare
it first, pl-please?" she asked submissively. "well, be may guest!"
Joker answered, chuckling. And at the two men watched and laughed,
Barbara, blushing, lowered he head and sucked the two metal cocks until
she thought they were lubricated enough. Then, she straddled the wooden
pony and, with her head lowered in shame, slowly lowered herself onto
the two dildos. Only then did she realized how et she was, as She had no
difficult getting the larger one into her pussy. But the one invading
her ass was larger than the ones that Catwoman usually used on her ass,
and she grunted with discomfort as it forced her ass open. After what
seemed like ages, she finally managed to get both in.
    "C'mon, ride!" Joker urged. Oh, God, Barbara thought as she
reluctantly rock the pony lightly. "Oh, c'mon!" Penguin said
impatiently, "haven't you ridden a wooden pony before? Or do you want me
to teach you?" "Oh, no, please!" Barbara said and, timidly she reached
out and grabbed the two handles on the head of the pony, and began to
roll it, slowly, like a little girl riding her wooden pony. As soon as
she began, she noticed the trick of the pony's design. The two dildos
were positioned such that as she rocked, one would go out while the
other went in, and this was creating an incredible sensation in her
pussy. "Yes, faster! Faster!" Penguin cheered. To encourage her, he
raised the crop again and began whipping Barbara's back. "Ah!" Barbara
cried out at the sting and began to ride faster, and faster and faster
as Penguin continued whipping her. The combined effect of the dildos and
the whipping was too much for her, and she was coming in seconds. But
the two men were not satisfied. Joker took the crop from Penguin and
started whipping her, and she was forced to continue. She closed her
eyes and moaned loudly, with the bells on her nipples jingling merrily.
She had already come three times when they were finally happy. When
Joker stopped whipping her, Barbara just collapsed on the pony, hugging
its head like a little girl hugging her favorite toy, panting,
exhausted, her thighs all wet with her juices.



To be continued....




Batgirl: Catwoman's Prey (nc, bd, M+/f)

by Citizen Bane


V.

    "Well, you sure look like you've had a lot of fun, Batcunt!"
Catwoman said laughing when Barbara was brought to her. Barbara was
still on her leash. There was dried cum all over her face, her breasts
and her thighs. Her back was covered with whip marks, and across her
breasts there were also several vivid red welts. They were left by
Penguin before they left, when he tried to remove the clamps on her
nipples with a riding crop.
    "You're, you're trying to turn me into a prostitute!" Barbara
protested feebly.
    "Darling, you *are* a whore," Catwoman purred, giggling. "You see,
Babs will soon be having the rich and famous of Gotham City as her
clients, while Batcunt gets fucked by all kinds of crooks. See? You
still have your double life, just the way you like it. Isn't it great?"
    "I, I hate you!" Barbara hissed with all her remaining strength.
    "Hate me?" Catwoman was not angered by Barbara's defiance. "For
what? For showing you and the rest of the world what kind of slut you
really are?"
    "No! You forced me to do all those horrible things!" Barbara
protested.
    "Really? Tell me, slut, how many times have you come this evening?"
said Catwoman as she grabbed Barbara's cum-stained chin.
    "I...I..." "Huh? How many? Tell me, slut!"
    "I...I can't re-remember..." said Barbara finally, almost
whispering.
    "See? You've come so many times that you can't even remember! And
you tell me that you've been forced? How many times have we gone through
this, slut? You always have to say that you're forced, but your mouth
starts drooling at the mere sight of a cock! You're such a hypocrite,
slut! Just like your father!"
    The words pierced Barbara's heart and she lowered her head in
silence, but Catwoman wasn't finished yet. "What? You've got nothing
more to say? Oh c'mon, why don't you go on and tell me how virtuous you
really are? I find that kind of talk really convincing, especially when
your mouth is full of cum!" Catwoman said giggling. "Well, boys," she
said as she turned to her men, "looks like our Batcunt hasn't drunk
enough cum today, you guys know what to do?"
    "No!" Barbara pleaded as the first guy approached her and unzipped.
She tried to back off but was held by two other guys, and all she could
do was to stare at the erect cock pointing right at her nose, with a
pained and humiliated look on her face as she struggled with herself.
Finally, defeated, she opened her mouth. Chuckling, the man immediately
pushed his cock in, and Barbara began sucking it with her eyes closed.
Although she obviously didn't need any encouragement, Catwoman reached
out with her left foot and began rubbing its tip against her pussy, and
soon Barbara was letting out muffled moans, and the tip of Catwoman's
boot was glistening with her juices. Smiling wickedly, Catwoman raised
her leg and began fucking Barbara with the heel of her boot. Before long
the man was coming, and Catwoman laughed out loudly as she watched
Barbara's throat work to swallow every drop of his cum. "Like that taste
don't you, cunt?" she asked, "or do you want to try some of this?" She
asked as she lifted her foot up to Barbara's face. "Lick it clean,
slut!" She said, "clean up your own slutty juices!"
    Reluctantly, Barbara stuck out her tongue to lick her juices off the
boot. She still hadn't come yet, and as she licked, she could feel
herself getting hotter and hotter. When she had licked the surface of
the boot clean, without needing to be ordered, she lowered her head to
suck her juices off the heel. "So tell me, slut," Catwoman said
laughing, "which do you like more? Cum or your own juices?"
    Please! You have humiliated me enough! Barbara felt like crying out
in protest, but she was well-trained enough to know better. "C--cum,"
she answered in a barely audible voice. "Excuse me?" Catwoman asked
teasingly. "I said I--I like the taste of c--cum better!" Barbara
answered. "Well, boys!" Catwoman said, laughing triumphantly, "you heard
the slut! C'mon, get in the line! And make sure she swallows every
drop!"

    "Morning Batcunt, how are you feeling today?" Catwoman asked when
Barbara was brought to her in the morning two days later. "I'm f...fine,
thank you, mistress," Barbara answered meekly. She was really feeling
quite good this morning, because instead of giving her her first fucking
of the day in her cell, the guards took her to Catwoman's own bathroom
and told her to clean herself up. For the second time since her
captivity she was allowed the luxury of a hot shower and scented shower
gel (the last time was before she was brought to Madame Duvall's club).
She was even allowed to put on some makeup, and she almost cried when
Catwoman pointed to a white bra and a pair of matching panties on the
bed, as they were just like the ones that she used to have. "Put them
on, slut," Catwoman said, "we're going to do some modeling this
morning."
    Barbara had a bad feeling, but she did as she was told. When she was
done, two of Catwoman's henchmen came over. First they tied a ballgag
around her head, and then they proceeded to tie her up in a hogtie.
Barbara underwent all this passively. When she was laid on the floor,
another henchman approached with a polaroid camera. "Look at him, slut,"
Catwoman said cheerfully, "and smile!" Barbara complied, raising her
head to face the camera.
    "Excellent!" Catwoman purred after her man took several more
polaroids of Barbara from different angles, then she ordered Barbara to
be untied.
    "Wh...what are you going to do with the photos?" Barbara asked when
her gag was removed. "I'll tell you later, slut," Catwoman purred
teasingly, "but let's try on your new costume first! Here, look!" she
said as she led Barbara by her hand to the closet and opened it. Barbara
gasped when she saw the costume hanging inside. "Please, mistress..."
she asked timidly as she turned to face Catwoman, "What d--do you want
from me?"
    "What do I want?" Catwoman said loudly, "I want to bring chaos and
anarchy to this city, and you're going to help me! Now shut up,
darling," Catwoman said, resuming her purring tone, "just put this on, I
just can't wait to see how you look in it. I'll tell you my plans later,
or if you like, we can have a briefing session right now..." she said
menacingly. "Oh, no, please!" Barbara pleaded, "I'll, I'll put it on!"
she said meekly.

    "Delicious, absolutely delicious..." Catwoman purred as she looked
at Barbara. "Here, look at yourself," she said as she led Barbara to in
front of the mirror.
    Barbara stood in front of the large mirror, mesmerized by her own
image. The mask she now had was the same as her old one, but the rest of
the costume was totally different: knee-high boots and long gloves which
covered her elbows. The cape was gone, and instead of the Batsuit what
she now had looked more like a one-piece swimsuit in black latex. The
cut was very high, showing off most of her ass, and it barely covered
her pussy in the front. There was large hole on each side of the waist
area, and a large bat symbol was carved out in the chest area such that
not only was her cleavage clearly visible, part of her nipples could
also be seen at the two tips of the bat's wings. This is the costume for
Batcunt, Barbara thought to herself, and she could feel her juices begin
to flow.
    "Lovely isn't it?" Catwoman purred as she stood next to Barbara,
"but I guess a bikini wax is in order," she added, giggling. "Now listen
carefully, Batcunt," she said, suddenly changing to a stern tone, "this
is your mission today...."

    "Ladies and gentlemen, this is a special report. In the past few
hours there have been attacks at all of Gotham City's eleven prisons.
According to initial reports, these attacks were carried out by
Catwoman, Joker and Penguin, with each of them leading the attacks in a
different part of the city. Also, Catwoman was said to be accompanied by
an unidentified female assistant, which according to witnesses was
wearing a revealing costume with a bat symbol. Several guards have been
killed and a large number seriously injured. Inmates were set free, but
the police have managed to re-capture a small number of them. It is also
believed that between thirty to forty inmates were kidnapped by Catwoman
and her assistant. The police has urged all citizens to stay at home and
remain calm, and it is speculated that the mayor will shortly declare a
state of emergency. Please stay tuned for further reports..."

    "Hey! what the fuck is this all about?" Joe Pitcher shouted, and his
voice echoes in the large room. "Hey, buddy, shut the fuck up!" Another
man shouted back, "my head hurt is hurting like hell!" "Are you telling
me to shut up you moron---Mikey!" Joe exclaimed as he recognized the
other man as his brother. The two were arrested when they tried to hold
up a bank and had never seen each other since they were jailed
separately two years ago. Still dizzy from the drug that Catwoman used
to knock him out, Joe struggled to get up and ran over to where his
brother was sitting, and the two hugged and laughed, as other men in the
room were also waking up. Joe took a glance around them quickly. There
were about thirty of them, all men, all wearing inmate's uniforms. Some
of them he recognized as his former fellow inmates in the high security
prison. As they talked, it turned out that they all had the same
experience: their prison was raided by Catwoman and her gang, and while
most inmates were simply set free, Catwoman and her sexy-looking
assistant specifically went to their cells and drugged them, and they
woke up to find themselves here.
    The large room that they were in looked like the living room of a
large mansion, except that it had no window. When they were still
discussing what to do, the large wooden doors swung open and Catwoman
walked in. "Welcome, gentlemen," Catwoman purred.
    "Hey, Catwoman," someone shouted, "What's the fucking deal?"
    "Don't get angry, Mr Bennett," Catwoman said giggling, "I'll explain
everything."
    "As you may know, today me and my friends paid a little visit to all
the prisons in Gotham City. And while most of your friends there were
simply released from their unlawful and frivolous detention, you
gentlemen were specifically invited here."
    "Yeah, right, that's some kind of invitation!" Someone snapped.
    "Patience, patience, darling!" Catwoman purred, "You were all
invited here because of your special skills. Like you, Mr Cross, for
example. Your armor truck job was very impressive."
    "Sure," the man shrugged his shoulder, "I was going to pull another
one even better, if not for that bitch Batgirl..."
    "So what would you say if I offer to help you with that other job?"
    "What exactly are you saying, Catwoman?"
    "I am inviting all of you to join me. You work with me and my men,
and we share the profit. After today, I'm sure you're all aware of what
we are capable of."
    "And why should we share our profit with you?"
    "Well, if you don't want to join us, you're free to go. My men will
take you back to Gotham City, and you can do whatever you want there, as
long as you don't become a law-abiding citizen," said Catwoman giggling.
"Oh, by the way, if you join me, there's one extra bonus..."
    At this moment the doors opened again and one of Catwoman's henchmen
came in with a leash in his hand. The other end of the leash was
attached to a leather collar worn on the neck of a woman, who was naked
except for a mask on her face and a pair of high heels. Joe's jaw almost
hit the ground as he stared at her athletic, sexy body with her young,
firm breasts and nicely trimmed pussy, and he was sure that every man in
the room was thinking what he was thinking. "What the hell..." he
murmured.
    "Well, slut," Catwoman said, "why don't you introduce yourself?"
    "G-good evening, s--sirs," the young woman began with a voice that
Joe was sure he had heard somewhere before. "M-my name is B-Batcunt and
I am a s-slut," she continued. "I used to be known as B-Batgirl but I
have ch-changed my name because this is wh-what I r-really am. I am
n-nothing but a c-cunt and if you join Catwoman you can u-use me any
time you w-want in an-any way you like..."
    By the time the woman finished her speech, Joe could see that her
body was trembling. "Hey Catwoman!" he shouted, "this ain't no joke
right? Is she really Batgirl?"
    "Y-yes, sir," instead of Catwoman, the naked woman answered. "I
ar--arrested you two and a half years ago. You tried to shoot me with
your shotgun but w--wounded your brother instead. He told you to run but
you stayed. That's h--how you two got ar--arrested."
    "That's exactly right," Joe murmured as he and his brother stood up.
"If you're really Batgirl then we certainly have some unfinished
business," he said calmly as they walked over to where Batcunt was
standing.
    Joe looked at the naked woman. His encounter with Batgirl was brief,
and he never had a chance to take a good look at her. Now he saw that
she might actually be very beautiful. Half of her face was covered, but
her lips were full and luscious. She was slim and fit, and her breasts
stood out firmly. Her hands were cuffed behind her back by two leather
cuffs, and Joe smiled in amazement when he saw the two dozen or so of
red welts on her back and ass, and the bat symbol tattooed just above
the crack of her ass.
    "So you have captured Batgirl?"
    "Yes, I have captured her, train her and now she'll do anything I
say. Actually I kinda hope that she wouldn't, 'cos things get even more
interesting whenever she refuses to obey me," said Catwoman laughing,
"and if you join me, she'll be yours too. No permanent damage of course,
but you can do anything else to her, and she'll do anything you say."
    "Really?"
    "Sure! Get on your knees, Batcunt!"
    With these words, Batcunt immediately dropped down onto her knees.
Joe stared at the pair of breasts barely two feet away from him. He had
barely seen a woman for two years, not to mention a naked one. Slowly,
he reached out to grab one breast and began squeezing it gently. The
woman neither flinched nor protested, just knelt there offering him her
breasts to play with. After a while, she even began trembling lightly,
and her breath quickened.
    "Like this, Batgirl-I'm sorry, I mean Batcunt?" Joe asked chuckling.
The woman didn't reply, just looked up at him meekly. Looking at her
eyes, Joe remembered the night of his arrest. "And how do you like
this?" He asked as he stopped fondling her breast, raised his arm and
brought it heavily down on her breasts.
    "Ah!" Barbara winced and let out a gasp of pain as her breasts swung
with the force of the blow. "Ah, ah, ah," her gasps turned to moans as
he slapped her breasts again and again, but she was still kneeling with
her back held straight, presenting her breasts for his abuse. When he
finally stopped, Barbara's breasts were reddened all over, and she was
gasping and trembling. However, Joe looked down and could see that her
pussy was glistening with moisture. "You enjoy that didn't you? Holy
shit, Batgirl! You're pervert!"
    "Y-yes sir I l-like that, th-thank you," Barbara answered, her eyes
closed with shame. "And I bet you like this too, Batcunt!" Joe said as
he pulled out his erect cock. When he pressed it against her lips,
Barbara obediently opened her mouth and took it in. "God Mikey!" Joe
exclaimed chuckling, "this broad is amazing!" "Really? Let me try some!"
Mike said eagerly as he pulled out his cock. Barbara was still sucking
on Joe's cock hungrily when he pulled out, and her mouth hung open,
waiting to be filled by Mike. "Yeah, you're right, she's amazing! Who
the hell would have known that Batgirl can suck so well!" he exclaimed,
and everyone in the room laughed. Shamed by the remarks of the two
brothers, Barbara nonetheless carried on her work eagerly. When Joe
grabbed her head, she obediently let go of Mike's cock and returned her
attention to Joe's. In this way she took turns sucking the two brothers
until they both came. Mike was the first to come, and as Joe watched
Barbara struggle to swallow all of his brother's come he kept jerking
himself off until he came too. He quickly pressed his cock against
Barbara's cheek, and the first spurts of his cum hit her right on.
Seeing this, Mike pulled back a little and Barbara obediently tried to
take both of their cocks in her mouth. She was unsuccessful, and their
cum ended up dripping down her chin. After their cocks had stopped
shooting cum, she was still avidly licking their heads. God this slut is
hot! Joe thought. "Alright, Catwoman," he said as he turned to face her,
"Mike and I are in."


To be continued....




Batgirl: Catwoman's Prey (nc, bd, M+/f)

by Citizen Bane


VI.

    "Urgh-urgh!" Barbara tossed her head and grunted. The man whose cock
she was impaled on was well above six feet tall and weighted more than
two hundred pounds. Sitting in a chair, he was holding her by her waist
and was throwing her up and down on his long, thick cock easily. After
making her suck both of them, the Pitcher brothers took turns fucking
her, and the lewd sight that Barbara presented when she was fucked--the
way she moaned and cried, the way her body squirmed and wriggled-had
made it impossible for every man in the room to resist Catwoman's offer,
and they all agreed to join. And as agreed, Barbara was theirs to fuck
and play with.
    It was almost three hours since Catwoman left. Barbara had already
lost count of how many men had fucked her, but she was vaguely aware
that some of them hadn't had their turn yet, and some of those who had
were now ready for a second or even third go at her. But with her hands
cuffed behind her back, there was nothing she could do as she was thrown
around the room like a rag doll and handled roughly. Her breasts were
squeezed and slapped, her nipples pinched, her ass spanked, her pussy
and her asshole fingered. Having been jailed for so long, these guys
seemed to have limitless sexual energy, and Barbara just drove them
crazy with her young and athletic body. And for some of them, she was
also responsible for putting them into jail, and they just couldn't miss
the opportunity of paying her back. She was made to say the most
humiliating things, calling herself a slut and a whore, begging them to
"bang her fucking cunt", and sucking her juices off their cocks after
they had fucked her, which usually had the effect of getting the guy
hard again, ready for a second fuck. By now her body was all covered in
sweat, with cum all over her face. Her breasts had been covered with cum
too, but some of the men found it unpleasant to grab a pair of
cum-covered breasts and she was made to lick them clean. Cum was also
beginning to ooze out of her pussy and her asshole.
    Barbara moaned louder and louder as she approached yet another
orgasm. Her moans were shortly joined by the man's as he shot his cum up
her pussy. She was thrown off him and was immediately grabbed by several
guys. "Let's fuck her together!" One of them said. "Yeah, let's see how
many guys she can take all at once!" another guys said chuckling. "I bet
you like that don't you, cunt?"
   By now Barbara could hardly speak. All she could do was to whimper as
she was uncuffed and laid on a coffee table. A guy immediately entered
her pussy, and another guy took her asshole, which was now
well-lubricated by the cum from previous fuckings. A third guy sat on
her stomach, placed his cock between her breasts and pressed them
together, while a fourth guy inserted his cock into her gasping mouth.
Seeing that her hands are free, a guy took her left hand, placed his
cock and it and made her hold it. "Stroke it, slut!" The dazed Barbara
obeyed immediately and began jerking him off. Seeing this, another guy
took her right hand and made her do the same. Chuckling and shouting
abuses at her, the other four guys began fucking her together.

    In the adjacent room, Catwoman, Joker and Penguin were watching all
this from behind a large two-way mirror. "Wow! Look at that!" Penguin
shouted, "Six guys at the same time!"
    "Do you mind? People are trying to watch a show here!" Catwoman
scolded him teasingly. Penguin looked at Catwoman and saw that she was
rubbing herself between her legs through her catsuit. He had always
desired Catwoman and thought maybe this was his chance. With what he
thought was a seductive smile on his face, he reached out and grabbed
Catwoman's arm. Catwoman ignored him at first, but when he began
caressing her arm, she immediately brushed his hand off, frowning.
"Knock it off!" She said impatiently, then she resumed her purring
voice. "Not tonight, darling," she said teasingly, "I have a headache."
    Rejected, Penguin sat back in disappointment. Catwoman got up from
the sofa lazily. "C'mon boys, come to bed with mummy," she said giggling
as she took the hands of the two henchmen standing behind her sofa and
they followed her obediently to the door. "And goodnight, gentlemen,"
she turned and said to Joker and Penguin, "enjoy the show." But the
angry and humiliated Penguin could only answer her with a grunt.

    Barbara's entire body shook as the man fucking her from behind
slammed his cock forcefully into her pussy. She was on her hands and
knees, on top of the coffee table. Another man had just shot his cum
into her mouth, and after he had pulled out, her arms buckled and she
collapsed face down onto the table, moaning. The man fucking her grabbed
her hips and began pounding her even harder, and Barbara's whole body
was thrust back and forth by his fucking. Trails of cum were left on the
coffee table as her face and breasts rubbed on it. Finally, with a
grunt, the man thrust deep into her and shot his cum in her pussy.
Grabbing her by her hair, he then ordered her to lick all the cum off
the coffee table. Almost delirious after all the fucking, Barbara obeyed
automatically and struggled to get up. She was shaking all over and
could barely steady herself with her hands on the table. "Go on, slut!"
getting impatient, the man gave her a spank on her ass, which was all
reddened from the numerous spanking that she'd been given that night.
Barbara lowered her head and with great difficulty began to lick the cum
off the coffee table. Her task was made even more difficult because
while she was lapping cum off the table, more cum was dripping down from
her body onto it, and all the men laughed as she struggled with this
almost impossible task. She was just about to come when the last guy
pulled out, and now the humiliation of this was making her hornier and
hornier. Finally, after what seemed like ages, she managed to lick the
last inch of the table clean, and as the men cheered, she just rolled
off the coffee table onto the floor, exhausted.
    It was almost dawn. By now everyone in the room had fucked her at
least three times, and they were now lying around the room, resting.
They looked at Batcunt, who was a total mess. Her hair was stuck to her
face by cum and sweat, and almost very inch of her body was plastered
with cum. But all that cum still couldn't hide the bruises on her body,
especially her breasts. Her pussy lips were red and swollen, and some of
her pussy hair had been plucked off by several guys who wanted a
souvenir to remember the night they fucked Batgirl senseless.
    Barbara lay on the floor with her legs spread and her eyes closed,
panting. She felt like a complete slut. Since her capture, no matter
what she did, she told herself that she was made to do it, that she was
under the influence of the drug that Catwoman used on her, and that her
slutty behaviors were the results of conditioning. She still nurtured
the hope that one day she could escape and leave everything behind. She
would need some rest to heal herself, then she would put on her Batmask
again, and she would pay Catwoman back for what she had done to her. But
her encounter with her father had shaken her confidence. It made her
think that perhaps things had gone too far and now there was no turning
back. And what was there to turn back to? Her father had turned out to
be a hypocrite, and she was no longer sure that she wanted to protect
the likes of him. Her Batmask was now more a fetish that turned her on
that the symbol of the crimefighter that she was so proud to be.
    And tonight, she was fucked by some of Gotham City's most notorious
criminals, many of whom were arrested by her. Yet she came and came just
the same, and looked forward to the next fuck with the same eagerness.
Even now, all she could think of was how desperately she wanted to come,
and despite her exhaustion, she slowly began moving one hand up her
thigh to her pussy while the other grabbed her cum-covered breasts.
"Look at the slut! She's still trying to bring herself off!" A man cried
out chuckling. His words echoed in Barbara's mind. As the men laughed
around her, and as they watched incredulously, she dreamily began
rubbing her pussy, trying to bring herself off one more time.

    After Batcunt's big gangbang, Catwoman noticed a certain change in
her. It's not that she had become a willing fucktoy. She still felt
humiliated and was ashamed of what she was made to do, and sometimes she
even needed a little threatening. But once she had a cock in her, she
fucked with a kind of abandonment that Catwoman had never seen before.
She called herself "slut" or "cunt" readily, and when Catwoman sometimes
whipped her without any reason, she would still thank Catwoman for
giving her the punishment that she deserved because she was such a slut.
Before, Barbara was an unwilling slave betrayed by her body, now she
seemed to have become a real submissive. Sometimes Catwoman missed the
old Batgirl. It was such a turn-on to watch her struggle and to break
her. Well, nothing is perfect, Catwoman thought to herself, at least
she's keeping the guys happy.

    "Guess who your first customer is, Batcunt!" Catwoman asked Barbara
enthusiastically while she was being prepared for her first night of
work at Madame Duvall's place.
    "Wh-who?" Barbara asked meekly, not daring to imagine who it might
be.
    "Does the name Dominic Beary ring a bell?" Catwoman asked teasingly.
    "Y-yes, I know--I mean, no, your slut means, she used to know
him..." Barbara answered, her heart sinking. Dominic Beary was one Bruce
Wayne's business partners and also one of her many suitors. She didn't
like him at all, and he soon gave her up to go after a model. After all
those flowers and gifts that he had sent her, he could finally have her,
Barbara said to herself. By now nothing could really surprise her, she
thought. Perhaps she would eventually get to "know" all of Gotham city's
rich and famous at Madame Duvall's. And in the few weeks that followed,
her clients included the chancellor of the university Gotham, a judge
who was also a friend of the commissioner, and another friend of Bruce
Wayne. She was almost amazed that these men, as different as they were,
equally shared the fantasy of being a villain who had captured Batgirl,
but she was also struck by the perversion that they displayed under the
guise of roleplay.
    Barbara wasn't really surprised when Catwoman told her one day that
her client that evening would be Frank Pattern. In fact, she felt a kind
of perverted pleasure at the idea that she would finally be used by the
man she used to dislike so much, and she spent the whole afternoon
fantasizing what he would do to her. She even imagined telling him who
she really was, so that he would laugh at her and punished her for every
demonstration that she helped stage against him in the past. Catwoman
laughed when she caught Barbara fingering herself in her cell, and
promised Barbara that she would be punished later for being such a
naughty girl. She also shared her little secret with Barbara: tonight
they're going to kidnap the mayor. "Don't worry, slut," Catwoman added
laughing, "we'll wait until he's finished with you."

    Commissioner Gordon looked at the polaroid lying on his desk. The
note that came with it said it simply: his daughter Barbara had been
kidnapped, and if he wanted her back, he was to give her kidnappers
information about the mayor's security arrangements. In view of Gotham's
current chaos, Frank Pattern had asked for maximum protection. He now
had a whole team of bodyguards, and his itinerary was kept on a
need-to-know basis. Privately the commissioner scorned the mayor for
being a coward and blamed him for wasting his precious manpower, but
after what happened at Madame Duvall's he felt even less capable of
standing up against Pattern. As the memory of that night came to life
again the commissioner found himself wishing that his daughter's
kidnappers would succeed in whatever they wanted to do to the mayor.
Immediately, James Gordon cursed himself for having such an idea. I'm
doing this only for my daughter, he said to himself as he picked up his
phone and dialed the number on the note.

    Contrary to what Catwoman thought, Joe wasn't really happy. It's
been four weeks since he joined Catwoman, but he still felt he and the
other former inmates were treated as outsiders. True, they did a few
jobs together with Catwoman's henchmen and got their piece of th action
as Catwoman had promised, but he had the feeling that Catwoman still
didn't trust them. They got to fuck Batcunt alright, but every time they
had to wait for her to put the mask on, whereas Catwoman's own henchmen
bragged about their knowledge of Batgirl's real identity. And those
henchmen, they acted like they were the bosses, but they were just a
bunch of good-looking guys for Catwoman to play with, unlike the former
inmates, who were real professionals. And Catwoman, she had promised to
let them know who Batgirl really was, but just kept refusing to tell
them. Fuck it, Joe thought. He didn't really care who Batcunt was.
Although Catwoman had ordered that no permanent damage was to be done to
Batcunt, he was sure that, if he really wanted to, he could easily come
up with ways to make Batcunt tell him her identity herself. He just
didn't like being snubbed. Hence, when he was secretly approached by
Penguin, he quickly agreed.


To be continued....




Batgirl: Catwoman's Prey (nc, bd, M+/f)

by Citizen Bane


VII.

    Frank Pattern looked at the naked young woman bound spread-eagled on
the bed. Her body was covered in a thin layer of perspiration, and her
breasts were heaving as she gasped for air. The metal clamps that he had
used on her had left faint red marks all over her breasts, which made
her look even sexier to him. She was looking back at him, and although
her face was largely covered by the mask he could see not only fear in
her eyes, but also lust.
    "Did you like those metal clamps, Babs? They looked so nice on you,"
Pattern asked as he fumbled through the box of toys that Madame Duvall
had provided. "Y-yes sir I l-liked them�" the young woman answered
submissively. "Really? Should I put them on again?" "If--if you like,
sir..."
    "Good girl!" Frank Pattern was impressed. Being a frequent visitor
to Madame Duvall's club as well as other similar establishments, he had
met his share of girls, but he had never met anyone who could turn him
on like that. Her shamefulness and her submissiveness in contrast with
the lewd ways in which she reacted to his abuses made her seem both
demure and wanton at the same time, and he just wanted to hear her moan
and watch her squirm.
    "Ah, look what I've found!" Pattern exclaimed as he held up two
candles. Barbara watched in fear as Pattern lit them. Although this had
never been done to her, she knew very well how they'd be used. Still,
she had no idea how much it'd hurt. Instead of beginning the torture
immediately, Pattern, holding the candles in one hand, took a vibrator
and slowly shoved it up Barbara's wet pussy. "Ah! Aaaaaah!" Barbara
could not suppress her moans when Pattern switched the vibrator on, and
her entire body quivered with excitement. However, her moans of pleasure
soon turned into cries of pain when Pattern held the two candles above
her breasts and tilted them. "Ah!" She cried out as the first drop of
hot wax fell onto her erect nipple. "Ah! Ah!" She moaned and struggled
in her bounds as Pattern moved around so that soon both her breasts were
covered in dried wax. This proved to be too much for Pattern, and his
cock was bursting out of his pants.
     "Hold them for me, please," Pattern said chuckling as he stood the
two candles on Barbara's breasts. He waited until the molten wax dried
and stuck the two candles to her nipples. Barbara held her breath
fearfully. There's now a thick layer on wax on her breasts, it didn't
really hurt that much, but she was scared that the candles would fall
and bring her further punishments if they didn't hurt her already.
    After he had undressed, Pattern climbed on the bed. He pulled out
the vibrator in Barbara's pussy, drawing a grunt from her, and he drew
another grunt from her when he immediately shoved it up her ass. "Now
take this, you little slut!" He grunted as he entered Barbara with one
deep thrust. He then took the two candles off Barbara, and roughly
brushed the dried wax off her breasts. Barbara let out a cry of dismay
when she saw that her breasts were about to be tortured again.
Supporting himself with one arm, Pattern began pumping Barbara while
dropping hot wax onto her breasts. She was moaning louder and louder,
and as he continued to fuck her, it became obvious to Pattern that those
were moans of pleasure. "You like that, don't you, you little slut?" He
asked panting as he sensed his orgasm approaching. "Y--y-yes...ah! Ah!
Aaaaaaah!" Barbara answered as she ground her hip to meet his thrusts,
as much as her bounds would allow her to. "Slut!" Pattern shouted as he
squeezed Barbara's right breast cruelly, causing the dried wax to fall
off it again. "Y-yes! Yes! Ah!" Barbara answered him with her loud moans
as Pattern filled her up with hot jets of cum.

    "Come here, slut, clean me up. We've still got time for another
round," pattern said as he uncuffed Barbara. Still gasping, Barbara
struggled to get up. Then she crunched down slightly and pulled the
vibrator out of her ass, as if she was still shy about it. As she had
done with her previous customers, she led Pattern to the bathroom and
turned on the shower. She then lathered herself up with soap and asked
Pattern to step into the shower with her. Pattern smiled comfortably as
Barbara began to rub soap onto his body by rubbing her breasts against
him. "You're doing a fine job, Babs," he said, "I think I'll be visiting
you very soon." "Th-thank you, sir," Barbara answered meekly,
suppressing the urge to throw up. She was making Frank Pattern happy!
And he was talking to her like she was some hooker, as if she would be
grateful to him for abusing her like that again! "Now tell me," Pattern
went on, "why do you have to wear that mask?"
    Caught in surprise by the question, Barbara almost stopped what she
was doing. "Er, because it-it makes me feel s-sexy, sir," she answered
hesitantly.
    "Really? But I would like to see how you look under it. I bet you
must be very pretty."
    "N-no, please, sir!" Barbara pleaded, panicking. "The m-madame made
me wear it. If I take it off I'll be punished!" But Frank Pattern was
not deterred. "Don't worry, slut," he said chuckling, "I'm an old
customer. I'm sure the madame will make an exception for me."
    "No s-sir, please!" Barbara pleaded as she backed out of the shower,
trying desperately to come up with a reason. "Act-actually it's my
mistress who made me wear this mask, and if I take it off she won't let
me come here again, please!"
    "Really? I don't find that very convincing."
    "But it's true, sir! Please!"
    "Cut the crap and do as I say, slut! Or you'll regret it!" Pattern
was finally getting impatient. "No one dares disobey me! Do you know who
I am?" he said menacingly as he grabbed Barbara's arm.
    "No!" Barbara struggled madly. She knew that even though she had
been in captivity for so long, she could easily knock Pattern down, and
she knew that eventually Catwoman was going to kidnap Pattern anyway,
but she wasn't sure what the consequences would be if she tried. She was
no longer the bold and daring crimefighter, but a meek slave who was
scared of displeasing her mistress. While she hesitated, Pattern grabbed
both of her wrists and buckled her leather handcuffs together behind her
back. Then he did the same with her ankles.
    Pattern carried the whimpering Barbara back into the room and threw
her down onto the carpeted floor. "Listen, slut!" He said angrily as he
straddled her. "Nobody says no to me! Do you understand, huh!" He asked
as he squeezed her breasts cruelly. "Ah! Ah! Yes, yes, sir, I-I
understand!" Barbara pleaded.
    "Now, shall we see how you look like under that mask?" Pattern asked
teasingly as he fumbled with the buckle. Getting no answered from
Barbara, he was surprised that this girl who was totally submissive just
a while ago would be so uncooperative over this, and it made him all the
more curious. "Fuck!" He cursed as he couldn't unlock the buckle, then
he took out a small but vicious-looking knife from the inner pocket of
his jacket. He laughed when he saw Barbara looking at the knife. "Not
what you expect a mayor to be carrying right? Well I can't rely on my
bodyguard all the time can I? And it can be handy sometimes..." he said
chuckling as he slipped the blade under the strap of Barbara's mask.
    Barbara bit her lip, tears swelling in her eyes. She knew it was
useless to beg now. Pattern's going to know everything. She closed her
eyes in despair as the strap was cut and the mask was lifted off her
face.
    "Oh my God! you're, you're Barbara Gordon!" Pattern cried out, and
then he began laughing like a mad man. "Barbara Gordon! Barbara Gordon
is a whore! Haha!" Grabbing Barbara's chin, he forced her to look at
him. "What? Miss Gordon, no more campaign against me today? Or is this
your new way of saving the environment?"
    "No! Let me go!" Barbara cried out as she struggled.
    "So this is what you really are!" Pattern said, pinning her down.
"You're a whore! A hypocrite! Just like your father!" He went on,
getting angrier and angrier as he spoke. "You think I don't know it! You
Gotham people are a bunch of stupid snobs! You wouldn't have anything if
it weren't for me! You all think I'm cheap but you all want my money!
Like your father--" he halted as he realized something. "Now wait, if
you are Babs, it means that you sucked your old man's dick that night!
Well done, slut! Your dad must be real proud of you! You wait until I
tell him!"
    "Noooooo!" Barbara screamed.
    Suddenly there were bangings on the door. "Mister Pattern, is
everything alright?" Madame Duvall asked. "Yes, yes! Go away!" Pattern
said coarsely. "Help me, please!" Barbara cried out.
    "I'm terribly sorry mister Pattern but I must--" Madame said as she
opened the door with her key. She stopped in mid sentence as she saw
what was going on. "Mister Pattern! You can't do this! I have an
agreement with the owner of this slut! Hey! Let's get some help here!"
    As the madame turned around and called out for help, Frank Pattern
jumped over to grab her. "Shut up, bitch! I'm the boss here and you
listen to me!" The pair rolled around, with Madame Duvall screaming from
time to time. There was a loud bump when her head hit the corner of the
fireplace, and then she went all quiet. When Frank Pattern rolled off
her, Barbara could see a patch on blood on her head. "Stupid bitch!"
Pattern cursed as he struggled to get up.
    "Please, let me go!" Barbara pleaded, "We have to call an ambulance!
And you are not getting away with this!"
    "Oh, really? I'm sure the Police Commissioner will be on my side
this time!" said Pattern laughing. "And you," he said as he picked
Barbara up, "you'll be mine! You'll be my personal fucktoy!"
    Tears went down Barbara's cheeks as Patterned carried her out of the
room. Pattern had gagged her with a ballgag he found among Madame
Duvall's stuff, and quietly he carried her out of the club into his car.
He was on his own tonight. Usually, even when he visited places like
this, he would still have his most trusted bodyguard with him. But
tonight the Police Commissioner had sent the man away for some reason.
Maybe he didn't want others to know that his daughter was moonlighting,
Pattern chuckled as he thought.
    Barbara was thrown into the trunk of Pattern's car. The car drove
off quickly at first, and then it slowed down. They must be far enough
away from Madame Duvall's club by now, she thought. Just when she was
wondering why Catwoman still wasn't coming. The car came to a drastic
halt. There were some noises and people shouting, and Barbara waited
quietly for Catwoman to get her out.

    Catwoman wasn't really bothered by Pattern's knowledge of the
identity of "Babs". It was just a small contingency in a plan that had
gone very well so far. The man would most likely be killed in the end
anyway.
    Gotham City had gone into further chaos after the disappearance of
the mayor, and to celebrate that, Catwoman had been partying almost
everyday since then. Right now, she was riding one of her henchmen while
two others were fucking Barbara next to her, one in her pussy and the
other in her ass. In a corner of the room was Frank Pattern, on his
knees and naked, with a leather collar on his neck.
"Do you like the view, mister mayor?" Catwoman asked, panting. The mayor
didn't answered. He hadn't eaten for several days, and had been beaten
up a couple of times. "Or would you like to join in?" Catwoman went on,
"but it seems that your tiny little--"
    Catwoman was interrupted when the door of the room swung open. Joe
and several guys walked in. "Sorry guys, I'm kind of busy here,"
Catwoman purred, "can you come back later?"
    "No, I'm afraid not, Catwoman," Joe said calmly.
    "Oh, really, what's it all about?" Catwoman asked casually as she
got up from the guy she was riding. After zipping up her catsuit, she
placed her hands casually on her hips, so that the men couldn't see her
claw-blades. Her two henchmen also stopped fucking Barbara, who
whimpered in frustration as they pulled out of her.
    "Hi guys, what's the deal?" Catwoman was relieved to hear Joker's
voice at the door. "Well, Joker, it seems that Mr Pitcher here has
something to discuss with us."
    "Discuss? Sure! I like discussions, haha! C'mon, sit down, tough
guy," Joker said as he ushered Joe to a chair. Catwoman wasn't really
happy that her orgy was interrupted, but thought she'd better deal with
this matter now. Her other henchmen should be coming soon anyway. "And
you too, Catwoman, let's sit down and talk business, haha!" Joker said
cheerfully as he reached out and held her arm. As soon as he touched her
elbow Catwoman felt a powerful jolt of electricity go through her body.
You scumbag! She wanted to say, but before she could utter a word she
had already collapsed onto the floor.

    "Urrrrgh!" Catwoman gritted her teeth and grunted as Penguin pressed
his cigarette onto her breast again. She was sitting in a chair, with
her hands tied to the back of the chair and her ankles tied to its legs.
The front of her catsuit was cut open, exposing her breasts and her
pussy. The cigarette had already left several marks on her breasts,
which were also bruised from Penguin's rough handling.
    "Say you'll obey me, Catwoman!" Penguin threatened and he lit
another cigarette. "C'mon, Catwoman, save us some time!" Joker added. He
was sitting comfortably in a sofa, watching all this. "Your men are all
dead. There's no one here to help you."
    "You!" Catwoman hissed. "I let you in! And you betray me!" "Well,"
Joker said smiling, "that's because you've made it too easy for us.
We're just beginning to get some results, but all you do is party! If
you like to party so much, why don't you concentrate on partying and let
us run the operation?"
    "Never----urrrggh!" Catwoman tossed her head and grunted in agony as
Penguin burnt her again. "Take your hands off me, you fat piece of
shit!" Catwoman cursed. "Shut up, bitch!" Penguin roared angrily. He
kicked Catwoman heavily on her stomach, knocking her over toegther with
the chair. The chair broke when she hit the floor, and Catwoman lay
there choking. "You think I'm fat, huh? Then how do you like this, huh?"
Penguin said as he climbed on top of her, unzipped his pants and forced
his cock into her. "Oh, c'mon, Penguin! We've got work to do!" Joker
said, shaking his head.
    "Well, what do you say now? You stupid fucking cat!" Penguin said as
he pulled out of Catwoman a few minutes later, his cock dripping cum.
"Now can we get back to business please?" Joker asked "O-Okay, you win!"
Catwoman said, and Penguin burst out laughing. With Catwoman facing
away, neither he nor Joker could see the look of determination and
hatred in her eyes. "Great!" Joker said cheerfully, "now let's get right
down to business, shall we? Why don't you start by showing us around
your control room?"

    Catwoman waited patiently on her knees, next to the large bed that
used to be hers. She was totally naked except for her mask and a long
black leather glove which bound her arms tightly behind her back. Her
nipples were pierced, and the two gold nipple-rings she was now wearing
were joined together by a small gold chain. She also had a golden nose
ring of about half an inch in diameter. A chain was also attached to
this ring, with its other end dangling between her breasts. She was
gagged with a ballgag for some time now, and a long trail of droll ran
down from her chin to her stomach.
    On the large bed was Barbara. Her naked body was covered with red
welts, with her arms cuffed behind her back, and with her legs spread
wide by chains linking the cuffs on her ankles to the two posts at the
end of the bed. Frank Pattern was kneeling between her legs, thrusting
in and out of her pussy roughly. "Hmm! Hmmm!" Barbara breathed heavily
through her ballgag. "What, you want more, slut?" Pattern said gasping,
"Well, here's more!" He said as he grabbed her breasts, and using them
as handgrips, he began fucking her with renewed frenzy. In a strange
twist of events, Pattern had not only managed to persuade Penguin to
spare him his life, but also to let him act as their front in Gotham
City. He would be released soon, and after he has resumed his job as
mayor, he would pass information to Joker and Penguin so that they would
be more successful with their robberies and have less trouble from the
police. In return, they would help Pattern deal with rival politicians
and occupants who wouldn't move out of any piece of land that Pattern
covets.
    Pattern felt great. He always knew that he had a way with people.
Everyone is greedy, and he has the talent to guess exactly what someone
is greedy for. Soon he will be back in office, and with the help of
Joker and Penguin he won't have to worry about losing the next election.
True, with the two given a license to do whatever they want on Gotham
City, many people will suffer, but then who cares. Perhaps in the end he
can even blame everything on James Gordon and have that old man
replaced. Or maybe not--it's not easy to find someone as weak as the old
man. Besides, his daughter is such a good fuck, so maybe he deserves
some kind of reward too. Pattern burst out laughing as he thought of all
these.
    "Hmmm! Hmmm!" Pattern turned around and saw that Catwoman was trying
desperately to speak. "What's the deal, pussycat?" He asked laughing.
"Hmmm! Hmm mmmm Hmmmm!" Catwoman repeated, wriggling her hips. "Oh, so
you want to come too?" "Hmm!" Catwoman answered, nodding her head
nervously. "Well, can't you see I'm bust right now?" "Hmm! Hmm!"
"Alright, alright!" Pattern reluctantly climbed off the bed and unlocked
Catwoman's glove with his key. During the first week Joker and Penguin
had fucked and tortured Catwoman in every way that they could thought of
until Catwoman was broken. After that, the two and other gang members
continued to use her in the roughest manner. Barbara had a hard time
too, being both Batgirl and the daughter of the police commissioner.
Although Catwoman had now become almost as submissive as Barbara, they
still kept the glove on her as a precaution.
    "There you go, pussycat, go and have fun!" Pattern said as he
unlocked Catwoman's glove. Catwoman whimpered and rubbed her sore arms
after they were finally freed. Then immediately she spread her legs and
began fingering herself madly, grinding her hips wantonly. "Okay, you
keep yourself busy and wait for your turn!" Pattern said chuckling as he
climbed back on the bed again and took his place between Barbara's legs.
"Well, Batcunt! Where were we--" Pattern was just about to enter Barbara
again when Catwoman came up from behind and wrapped the leather glove
around his neck.
    Barbara held her breath and watched as the two struggled on the bed.
Pattern grabbed at the glove, trying desperately to remove it, while
Catwoman, obviously weakened since her captivity, struggled to tighten
it. After a while, Pattern began waving his arms madly, and finally he
became still.
    Catwoman was still silent after she had removed her gag. Using the
keys that she found on Pattern, she removed her cuffs, and then she
proceed to remove Barbara's cuffs and gag. "M-Mistress! Are you
alright?" After asking the question, Barbara suddenly realized that this
was actually the first time she was able to speak to Catwoman after she
was betrayed by Joker and Penguin, and she still called her "mistress"
automatically.
    "Come over here, Batcunt!" without answering her, Catwoman waved
Barbara to in front of the closet, then she began removing the clothes
inside it. Among those clothes, Barbara could see her new, Batcunt
costume. Catwoman then walked over to another corner of the room where
there was a statue of a Greek goddess. She twisted the arm of the statue
until it broke, revealing a button. She pressed the button and
immediately a door opened inside the closet. Also, the top of the
dressing table moved back to reveal a panel.
    "This will not override the main control room, but it'll do
something else," Catwoman said as she noticed Barbara looking at the
panel, then she punched a few keys. "Go, Batcunt, you've got ten
minutes."
    Barbara was stunned as she realized what that meant. She just
couldn't move. She was so used to being a slave and she had almost given
up hope of ever leaving this place. "Wh-what about you?" She asked. "I
think I have an appointment with my old friends." Catwoman said calmly,
"Go!" Hesitantly, Barbara stepped inside the closet. Before she stepped
into the tunnel inside, she bent over to pick up the Batcunt costume.
She turned around to look at Catwoman. "Go, Batcunt!" Catwoman said,
giving her a push. Finally, Barbara turned around and began walking down
the long, dimly-lit tunnel.
    After a while the tunnel came to an end. Barbara looked up and saw a
metal ladder. It went up for about sixty feet and Barbara could vaguely
see a round, metal hatch at the end. Quickly, she put on the Batcunt
costume and began climbing.
    Just when she reached the hatch, she heard a man's voice calling
from below. "Babs! Wait for me!" Frank Pattern called out. The man was
still alive! Barbara stopped and looked down. "Quick! Mr Pattern! I
can't open the hatch on my own!" She shouted back as she fumbled with
the hatch. Pattern struggled to climb up as fast as he could. "Hurry up,
the whole place is going to blow up!" Barbara urged. She held tight to
the ladder, and when Pattern reached where she was, she kicked him in
his face with her foot, as hard as she could. Pattern's scream was still
echoing in the narrow after he hit the ground. Then Barbara turned
around, opened the hatched easily and climbed out.
    It was dark outside, and Barbara found herself next to a hole in a
forest. It was the just outside Gotham City and she could vaguely see
the city's lights. As soon as she got out, Barbara began to run.
Suddenly, there was a loud explosion. The whole ground shook, and
Barbara fell down. She was still struggling to get up when the second
explosion came. From where she was Barbara could see fire and smoke
coming out of the hole. Wiping the tears off her cheeks, she began
walking towards the distant lights.

    "Batgirl! Where on earth have you been? We've been looking for you!
Didn't you see our Bat signal?" Commissioner Gordon asked, "and what's,
what's with this costume? Several of Gotham city jail's were raided by
Catwoman and someone wearing a similar costume, don't you know that?"
    "What, you don't like my new costume?" Batgirl said coldly as she
stood in front of the commissioner's desk. She had a cape now, but
underneath it she was still wearing the costume that Catwoman gave her.
"Would you like it better if I had a Bat symbol tattooed on my butt?"
    "What, what did you say?" The commissioner almost jumped up from his
chair.
    "Well, I was only joking. I have been away, investigating another
case. I came back as soon as I heard about Catwoman. I found their
secret base, and as you already know, the whole place was blew up and
destroyed the other night."
    "But, but what about the mayor? And, and my daughter? My men
couldn't find anything." The commissioner asked. He hadn't slept at all
after the report of the explosion. Now he looked much older than he
already was, Batgirl thought to herself. She softened and decided to
spare him part of the news.
    "As far as I know, the mayor died in the explosion. But your
daughter was killed long before that." Barbara said coldly. "Oh God, no!
Please, Batgirl, are you sure?" The commissioner asked, his face turning
pale. "Yes, I'm positive. Goodbye, commissioner," Batgirl said simply as
she turned to leave. Behind her, the commissioner began to cry.

    Madame Duvall was so surprised when Barbara Gordon presented herself
at her office. "Well, Miss Gordon, what brought you here? Haven't you
heard that we're leaving? After what happened to that prick Pattern,
we've been forced to go. I hope you're happy that you've finally got
what you want!"
    "No madame, please take a look at this!" Barbara said as she
presented Madame Duvall with a sealed envelope. Madame Duvall opened it.
"Dear Madame," the printed letter said, "As you well know, I have to
leave Gotham City for a while. During this period, I'd like you to take
charge of my slut, Barbara Gordon, or Babs from now on. Please give her
to your most perverted clients and make sure she gets used and abused in
every possible way. Yours, Catwoman."
    Madame Duvall was slightly puzzled by the letter. There was no
signature, and Catwoman usually called herself "the Cat". But then
Barbara Gordon wouldn't have forged this letter herself, unless she's
totally out of her mind, the madame thought. Besides, if they move to
another city they'd better have something or someone special to attract
new clients. When the madame looked up, Barbara immediately unbuttoned
her trench coat. Underneath she was naked except for her high heels, a
pair of black silk stockings and a matching garter belt. She also had a
nipple clamp on each of her nipples, and the two clamps were joined
together by a silver chain. "Please, madame," Barbara pleaded meekly, "I
beg you to take me and use me like the slut that I am."
   "Very well, very well." The madame murmured, smiling.

The End?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Citizen Bane


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





