BDSM Library - Vanessa's Journal




Vanessa's Journal
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is my Journal of how my life improved 1000% when I went to work for a man in the East Midlands of England. Now I am an exhibitionist who loves pain.
Vanessa's Journal by Vanessa - vanessaevans@freeuk.com
==========================================
Hi - my name is Vanessa, and this is a journal of my life since I decided to
make some drastic changes to it.

*****************
* Author's Note *
*****************
'Vanessa's New Life' is the Journal that I wrote during the first 18 months
of my new job. I used to have a dull and boring existence in a small town in
North Wales, but I managed to find the courage to apply for a job as
housekeeper for a middle-aged man in the East Midlands of England. I knew
that the job would be a bit 'different' because the advert was in a Bondage
& Discipline magazine (not my normal type of reading); but I wasn't prepared
for what happened at the interview.
Anyway, since then I've discovered the new me. I have to say (no, pleased to
say) that I've discovered that I'm a natural exhibitionist, and have had
some of my most intense orgasms when Jon has been punishing me. I no longer
wear underwear - ever, and at home usually wear nothing at all. When I first
started my new job I had to shave every day, but I've now removed my pubic
hair permanently, and always get a big thrill when I 'accidentally' let a
stranger see my bald pussy.
I love to be 'restrained', pleasured and punished by Jon and his toys. He
has this one 'fucking machine' that he could make millions out of - if he
decided to start selling them. Every woman in the world would want one.
I now have quite a few girlfriends (some quite young - I'm 24) who I
regularly have pleasurable fun with, both on the machine, and in bed.
Although not forceful with my girlfriends, Jon does like to share them 
with me.
I've had a few e-mails ( vanessaevans@freeuk.com ) from a few people (both
men and women) who've said that they really enjoyed reading my journal, so
perhaps you will as well.
Vanessa




Vanessa's Journal
Background
==========
As I said, my name is Vanessa, I am a 22 year old Hairdresser, long, almost
Blond hair, 5 foot 1 inch tall, with a 34A-24-35, 95 pound figure. I'm not a
stunner to look at, just your average young woman. I've never had a great deal
of luck with men, and have been on my own for a few months now (I live on my own
in a little Flat). My friends say that I should be more outgoing, but that's
just not me. I live in a small town in North Wales where life is so dull and
boring, and everyone knows everyone else's business.

I started getting ideas when one of my colleges, Mandy, found a Bondage and
Discipline magazine with the other magazines in the Salon's waiting area. She
was going to throw it in the rubbish bin, but I asked her to leave it where it
was, saying that it would spice-up the place a bit. That afternoon, I
deliberately kept myself busy, and hung around until all the other girls had
gone home saying that I would lock-up when I'd finished, nothing special in
that, one of us often stays back to finish something. Next afternoon, Mandy was
looking for 'that' magazine, but couldn't find it. I said that one of the
customers had probably pinched it. What I didn't say was that it was me that
took it home with me the previous afternoon.

Ever since I was a little girl of about 10 or 11, whenever my Dad spanked me for
being a bad girl, I used to get these funny feelings, not the pain, but I
suppose that that must have had something to do with it. As I got older, I used
to get a bit 'wet', and couldn't understand it. I used to almost look forward to
the spankings, especially the ones where Dad would make me take my skirt and
knickers off before putting me over his knee. Once I had discovered masturbation
I would always have a good play with myself in bed afterwards. The last spanking
that Dad gave me was when I was nearly 18. I'd stayed out late with my friends
once too often, and Dad could smell the alcohol on me when I got home. He really
gave me a good thrashing that night, and he was that mad that he made me take
all of my clothes off first. My Mum wasn't any help, she just said that I had
been bad and deserved to be punished. It didn't help that my 13 year old brother
was in the same room all the time. I was so embarrassed, and boy, did my
backside glow, but at the same time I was getting so wet that I was sure that
Dad would say something.  

A few months later, I got the chance to move into a Flat with a female friend
and I did. In a way I missed the spankings, and the feelings that went with
them. I once managed to get one of my boyfriends to spank me, he didn't enjoy
it, but I did.

Right, that's enough of the history, now to how I changed my life forever.

When I got home with 'that' magazine, I read it over and over. I was really
intrigued by the stories and the pictures. It was all new to me, nobody around
me ever talked about anything remotely like that. I kept reading it over and
over again over the next couple of weeks, and when it was quiet in the Salon, I
usually ended up thinking about what I had read and seen. I had to wash a lot of
knickers at the end of those weeks. One time when I was reading the adverts
again, one suddenly jumped-out at me, and I started thinking 'could I'? Well,
after a few days, I decided that I would reply to the advert and see what
happened.

The ad was from a middle-aged man in the East Midlands of England, who was
looking for a 'submissive, live-in house-keeper'. I wrote a letter explaining a
bit about myself, and after a few times of losing my nerve, I finally posting
it. About a week later, I received a letter from him, and got all excited
reading it on the bus on the way to work. In the letter he explained that the
job would not be very demanding, and wouldn't pay much, but there again, I
wouldn't have much to buy, as he would buy everything for me. He also explained
that I should expect to be punished every time that I made a mistake, or was
disobedient. He also enclosed a photograph of himself, and asked that if I was
still interested, then I should write to him again and enclose a photograph of
myself, preferably without clothes on. Well, I didn't have any photos like that,
so when I wrote again, I enclosed a photograph of me in a bikini, and apologised
saying that even if I had dared to get any nude photographs taken, I could never
get them developed in the town where I lived.

When Jon wrote to me again, he told me a bit more about the job, the hours, and
what he would expect of me. He also explained that punishment comes in more
forms than just spankings, and referred me to the magazine that the advert had
been in. He then stated that I was to go over to his place for the weekend for a
formal interview, and for us to 'get to know each other' before a final
commitment would be made by either of us. He also assured me that no harm would
come to me, that I could leave at anytime and that he would pay all my expenses.
I was to send him a letter stating which bus or train I would be arriving on,
and that he would meet me at the station.

Well, it's one thing writing to someone, but another thing actually going to
their house for a weekend when you haven't even met them. I was in a right
quandary. I spent the next couple of days trying to make up my mind what to do.
I wasn't concentrating on my job, and got told-off a few times. Looking back, I
suppose that that helped me to make a decision. I checked the bus times, booked
a ticket, and wrote a quick note to Jon. I would be arriving at eight-fifteen
the following Friday. For me, this took a lot of courage, and if it wasn't for
the fact that I desperately needed for something interesting to happen in my
life, that Jon's letters and photograph gave me the impression that he was an
all right sort of man. That the thought of the magazine turned me on every time
I thought about it; then, I just wouldn't have been going.

On the Friday morning before leaving, I got another letter from Jon saying that
I was to wear smart clothes for the interview, and that trousers or jeans didn't
come into that category as far as he was concerned. That didn't please me too
much as it was April, and in the UK, April is never a warm month. Never mind I
thought, I wanted to look my best, and spent hours deciding what to take with
me, and doing my make-up. I was glad that I had decided to take the whole day
off work. In the end, I decided that I would wear a mini-skirt and white blouse,
both of which I had made myself. I was quite proud of the fact that I could make
a lot of my own clothes, and this short pleated skirt and thin blouse looked
good on me.

The journey took five hours, and I had to change twice. If I hadn't been so
excited, I'm sure that I would have been quite tired when I got there. Not a
good way to be at an interview, and the excitement stopped me from getting any
sleep.

When I finally got there, I had my bag in one hand and the photograph of Jon in
the other, and walked all over the bus station without finding him. I was just
beginning to get a bit worried when a car stopped beside me and Jon jumped out.
He just apologised for being late, told me to put my bag in the back, and got
back in. As we were driving away he said that he often had to work late, which
was one of the reasons why he wanted a house-keeper. Before I knew it, we were
pulling into a pub car park. I followed him into the pub, and we sat at a table
and waited to be served. This was one of those pubs that have a restaurant
attached, and Jon had just assumed that I was hungry. Over the meal and a few
drinks, we just talked about our lives in general, never touching on the subject
of discipline at all. Well, not until a couple of hours later after I had had a
few drinks. I was a bit nervous, and was looking for some Dutch courage. All of
a sudden, Jon stated asking about the times that my Dad had spanked me. He
wanted to know all the details, everyone who was there, what state of dress I
was in, what I was feeling, during and after the spankings. He even asked me to
describe how I played with myself afterwards. This was something that I would
never have dreamed I would talk about, yet here I was telling this stranger all
my most intimate thoughts. It just seemed right, and I imagine the alcohol
helped.

As we walked out of the pub, I was feeling quite happy, and was beginning to
like Jon. We got back in the car and drove to Jon's house, which was only a few
hundred yards down the road.  It wasn't a big house, just your average
small-detached house with four bedrooms, and a view out the back over the
fields. Jon showed me round the place, and which room I was to use, and then
made some coffee. It was just general chat over the coffee, and then Jon said
that he had had a hard week, and was going to bed. The real interview would
start at nine in the morning. I went to bed thinking that this was going to be
easy. It was a very happy Vanessa that went to sleep that night.




Vanessa's Journal
Saturday April 18 - The Interview
I woke up at eight fifteen the next morning, got washed and then thought about
what I should wear. I didn't want to look too casual as I was going to an
Interview. I decided on an different skirt and blouse, got dressed and went
downstairs. Jon was in the kitchen eating his breakfast, and after saying good
morning, told me to help myself to anything I wanted. I put some bread in the
toaster and poured some coffee. At nine o'clock Jon called me into the living
room and said that he was ready to start.

To start with, he told me that the hours I would have to work would not be
specific times, as he was at work a lot, and came home at different times most
days. I would be expected to work as and when required to complete my duties.
These included keeping the house clean, the cooking, the washing and the
shopping. He would get me a credit card to use, but he would carefully monitor
the bills. I would be permitted to have friend over to the house whenever I
wanted, and could use the telephone for reasonable calls. As he did not expect
that my duties would take up a lot of my time, he would not mind if I was to
look for a part-time job, perhaps working in a pub. I was then asked if I had a
driving licence, and if I could sew. I was suddenly glad that I had spent the
money on learning to drive.

He then asked why I had applied for the job, so I told him again about being in
a 'rut', and wanting a change. "But why reply to my advert in the magazine he
asked." I told him all about my feelings when reading the magazine, and decided
that I wanted to give it a try. Which is precisely why the advert was in that
magazine he said. "But there would have to be a strict set of rules, and if
broken, you must expect to be punished, and by punishment, I just don't mean
spanking he said, punishment can be mental as well, for example embarrassment or
humiliation." I then asked him about the rules, and he produced a piece of paper
and passed it to me. He said that it was only fair that I knew what I was
letting myself into, and that I could leave at anytime that I wanted to.

This is the list of rules: -

Smoking will not be permitted under any circumstances.
Unless specifically directed to, you will be expected to wear dresses or skirts
at all times.  Trousers, leggings or tights will not be tolerated. Stockings,
either self supporting or with a suspender belt are acceptable.
All clothes purchased or hand made will be approved by me before being worn.
Unless specifically directed underwear will not be worn.
Spankings will be administered by means of hand, paddle, tawse, or any other
item deemed appropriate.
Whenever you have had enough, and wish to stop, you will say the phrase
'chocolate teapot' 3 times. Once you have, you will no longer be employed by me,
and you will be expected to leave the premises within twenty four hours.
Your employer reserves the rights to change these rules at any time.

I read the list, and whilst a little shocked, although I didn't really know what
to expect. I thought that maybe it wouldn't be that bad, certainly worth a try.
"OK" I said, "I'm happy with everything so far, what else is there"?

The test
He then told me that I would not know if I were going to be offered the job
until I was leaving to go home the next day. If I decided to accept the job,
then I was to hand-in my notice the next day, and return with all my belongings,
the next weekend. There was one more issue that had to be established before a
job offer was made, and that was my level of obedience. This would be
established between now and my leaving time the next day. Was this acceptable to
me? After I said it was, he said 'stand -up and take all your clothes off'.
Well, talk about sudden shock. It took me a couple of minutes to take in what he
had actually said, but I did it, slowly, and with a very red face. I stood there
with my hands trying to cover my breasts and my pussy, but he calmly told me to
put my arms by my side. I was then told that sometime over the next day, I would
receive one or two painful spankings, and that this weekend would be the only
time that I would receive one without just cause. This didn't do anything to
stop my embarrassment, but it did make me feel a little happier. He also said
that from now on, when there was only the two of us around, I was to call him
'Master', and only to speak to him either when spoken to, or when I wished to
ask a question.

Jon then got up and walked over to me. He told me to open my feet about a foot,
which I did, and he then proceeded to walk slowly round me. When he went behind
me for the second time, I felt a sudden pain in my right rear cheek. He had
spanked me with his hand. I was then told to keep my legs straight and to touch
my feet. This was very difficult and hurt my legs, but I made it. Then I thought
about the view that he must have, and started to get those stirring feelings
where he must have been looking. Just as I was starting to get wet, he told me
to stand-up and he walked round in front of me and started to prod and then grab
my breasts. He smiled and said, "Nice chapel hat pegs".  He was referring to my
large prominent nipples, which by this time were rock-hard. My face was still
bright red with embarrassment, but there was worse to come. His hands slid down
my chest and stomach and stopped at my light brown bush. He grabbed hold of it,
tugged it and said, "This will have to go". My mouth dropped, I had never even
thought about shaving it off. I had never even had to trim it to wear a bikini,
there wasn't that much of it. I started to say that I couldn't possibly do that,
but he reminded me of what I had agreed to, and asked me if I wished to changed
my mind and wanted to go home. My brain was saying yes, but the feeling in my
pussy, and the juices running down my leg said no. I thought for a minute and
remembered that I needed to change my life, and one of the stories in the
magazine jumped into my mind. "No" I said. Jon suddenly said, "This is the one
and only time that I will remind you to call me Master. Be slow in answering,
and be insolent like that again, and you will suffer". "Yes Master" I replied.
"Now go and get my razor and shaving cream from the bathroom. When I got back
down-stairs, he had moved into the kitchen. I went in, and he said, "right, get
what else you need, get on the table, and get that hair off". As you can
imagine, Jon got an amazing view as I got on with the job.

Just as I was finishing, my hand slipped off my slippery leg and knocked over
the bowl of water. Jon was not happy, and told me to clean-up the mess. After
that, I was asked if I deserved punishing for making the mess. "Yes Master" I
said, and was then told to bend over the table, open my legs about 2 feet, and
grab hold of the other side of the table.

"You are about to get ten slaps with my hand, I will not be counting, so you had
better - out aloud, I'd hate for you to get more than you deserve". "Thank you
Master" I said, and waited for him to start. Wow, he certainly had a strong arm,
and by the time I had counted six, tears were rolling down my face. At eight, I
lost my grip of the table and stood upright. "Right, that's another five he
said, and that will happen every time you get up before being told to". I was
about to scream "NO", but managed to keep my mouth shut - just. When it was
finally over, Jon told me to get up, then walked out of the room. When he came
back ten minutes later, I had just about stopped crying, but was still gently
rubbing my sore backside. "Right he said, two more things before we go out,
firstly sit on the floor, legs apart, and masturbate yourself to an orgasm, the
kitchen tiles will cool down your ass". Well, I though, today is full of
surprises, but the feelings that I was having in my pussy got rid of any doubts
that I had, and I got down on the floor, opened my lips and put one finger
inside me while my other hand got busy on my clit. My clit has always stuck out
from between my lips, but by now it was hard, and the centre was trying to push
its self out of its hood. It didn't take long before my head was rolling from
side to side. I wanted to hold back with the scream as I came, but the build-up
since my last orgasm weeks ago was just too great. I screamed a little, and Jon
just smiled.  After a couple of minutes I asked what the other thing was. Jon
said, "I like your bald pussy so much that there is a new rule, you will
shave-off all your hair below your neck every day. Now go and have a shower
before we go out."

The shower was very nice, and I didn't want to get out. After a while I did
though and got dried. Jon was waiting for me as I came out of the bathroom, and
I asked what I was to wear.  "Shoes and a coat only" was the reply. "Master" I
said, "I can't do that, someone might see something, and beside it's cold out
there". "You're not trying to argue with me are you"?  "No Master". "Right then"
he said, "get ready".

As we walked to the car I was very nervous, I felt so strange, I felt so
exposed, yet I was covered by my coat. It took a while to realise that people
couldn't see my body, but my bald pussy made me feel even more naked. We drove
to the shopping centre in the middle of town and parked in the car park at one
end, but instead of going into the shopping centre we walked down this shabby
street and went into a sex shop. Yet another first for me. Jon told me to look
round while he bought something. He didn't show me what, and I wasn't looking. I
was very busy looking at all the 'toys'.

We left and headed back to the shopping centre, which pleased me because I was
getting cold. In the centre we wandered round a few shops, then went into a pub
for a drink. After a couple of gin and tonics I started to relax a bit. It was
then that Jon said, "Another rule - from now on, whenever I am near you, you
will not cross your legs or feet". I was beginning to get used to these
surprises by now, and did as I was told. The coat was long enough for me not to
worry about what was showing. Just as I thought that we might be leaving, Jon
gave me a little box and told me to go to the ladies room, and put the contents
of the box into my vagina, and then return. He said that I might like to warm
them in my mouth for a couple of minutes before inserting them. All this puzzled
me, and as I was walking to the ladies, I was thinking 'what on earth could it
be, or was it a them'? When I was safely locked in a cubicle, I opened the box
and just didn't know what to do.

The box contained two metal balls about half an inch in diameter, and were gold
in colour.

What were these for I thought, and if I do put them in, how can I keep them from
falling out?  After all, I didn't have any knickers on, and I didn't want them
falling out onto the floor as I was walking along - in public! What was I going
to do? This was becoming a time when I had to consider 'what the hell was I
doing here'? am I mad? or am I just changing my life, and finally getting the
excitement that I crave for? Well, I was certainly getting plenty of excitement,
and I was getting lots of sexual excitement as well, even if it was embarrassing
at times. Life had been so boring before this weekend, and I was starting to
enjoy the thought of knowing that I was doing things that a lot of boring people
would be shocked by. It was giving me a thrill. So, without even thinking, I put
the balls into my mouth. After a couple of minutes I squatted down and inserted
one of the balls. I pushed it up as far as I could, and then did the same with
the other one. As the two came together, I'm sure I could hear a 'clink' as they
touched. The thought of me 'clinking' down the street made me smile as I stood
up and fastened my coat. As I opened the cubicle door and walked out, I stopped
because I could feel them moving around, and thought that they were moving down
me. I decided that I would have to walk squeezing my legs together. By the time
I got back to Jon, I had a rosy smile on my face. The experience was turning me
on. Amazing, two little balls were turning me on. Jon told me to lift the back
of my coat and put my bare backside on the seat, and calm down before we moved
on. "What the hell are these Master and how did you know I would like them"?
"There called 'Ben Wa Balls' and I've read a few stories from women about them. 
They're a present from me, and you don't have to wait to be told to wear them,
you can wear them anytime you like". "Thank you, thank you Master, I wish I had
heard of them years ago, they're just amazing". "And that's when you've only
walked 20 yards" said Jon. After a couple of minutes, Jon said, "Right then,
lets go". We walked slowly out of the pub and down the road. All the time, I was
struggling to contain myself. Just as I thought I was going to have to stop, Jon
pulled me into this little dress shop.

There was just one young female assistant and a couple of teenage girls in the
shop. The assistant smiled at me and said that I looked happy. I blushed and
said that I was. Jon and myself both started looking at dresses, but in
different racks. We both found ones that we liked at about the same time, so Jon
told me to try them both on. I went into the changing cubicle, took my coat off
and put the first dress on. It was way too big, and had just take it off when
Jon pulled back the curtain. There I was, stark naked, in full view of the whole
shop. It was a good job that no one was looking. I told Jon what the problem
was, and Jon turned and called the assistant over. I hid behind Jon as he asked
the assistant to swap it for a smaller size. As Jon walked away, I pulled the
curtain closed and stood there waiting for him to return. I was stood facing the
curtain waiting, when it opened again, but it wasn't Jon, he has asked the
assistant to bring the smaller dress to me. We both stood there shocked, me
stark naked with her staring at my bald pussy. She was the first one to recover
and started unfastening the dress saying that she would help me with it. I was
still too shocked to object. It was a front buttoning dress, and she put it on
me, and started fastening the buttons. As she was moving down them, she was
bending down and holding the unfastened part of the dress open. There she was,
down on her knees with her face right in front of my pussy, struggling to fasten
the bottom buttons. I was beginning to get embarrassed because of my arousal,
and I could feel that my lips were all puffed up, and I was so wet that I
thought she might drown if she got any closer. Just then, Jon came back and the
assistant jumped up and left. This was the dress that I had picked, and Jon said
that he didn't like it, and told me to take it off. Just as I was about to try
the other dress on, Jon opened the curtain and left, taking my coat. Again,
there I was, stark naked, in full view of the shop. This time, I wasn't as
lucky, the two teenage girls were looking right at me, so was the assistant and
another couple that had come into the shop. As I closed the curtain, I saw the
assistant smile, and one of the girls mouths dropped.

This dress was quite nice, except for the fact that it was very short, and was
slightly see-through. I stood there looking at myself in the mirror, and waiting
for Jon to come back. After a while I looked round the curtain looking for Jon.
He wasn't far away, and when I caught his eye he told me to come out and have a
proper look at myself. As I was looking in the big mirrors, the bright light
made the material even more transparent. This dress was very short, but that
didn't stop Jon telling me to 'give us a twirl'. Now the skirt part of this
dress was 'A' shaped, and as I spun round, the skirt part lifted up revealing
everything that I'd got. The assistant was smiling and licking her lips, the
girls were just staring, and the woman from the couple was pulling her man out
of the shop. As I stopped, I realised that I was smiling at the couple, and
wasn't at all embarrassed, in fact, I was enjoying it. Jon said 'very nice, but
not quite you, take it off and I will find another for you". I don't know why,
but I did take it off, right there in the shop with Jon and three young women
watching. What had got into me? I suppose that Ben Wa had something to do with
it. Jon took the dress from me and asked the assistant to help him find
something else. While they were looking, I just stood there, transferring my
weight from one leg to the other, cupping my little breasts and looking at
myself in the mirrors. The two girls were frozen. After a couple of minutes, Jon
and the assistant came back with another dress, and Jon asked the assistant to
help me with it. I went into the cubicle and the assistant followed, leaving the
curtain open. Jon stayed outside just watching, like the girls, but they were
not smiling, just frozen.

This dress was a pull-on, and was a very tight fit, so tight that the assistant
had to put her hands all over me to be able to pull it down. As she was pulling
it over my breasts her hands seemed to linger and rub my nipples. I would swear
that she was gripping them between the backs of her fingers and pulling them
with the dress. With nipples as big as mine, it was easy, and nice. When she got
the dress down to my pussy, she held it front and back and pulled. Not too hard
because her fingers  were right in between my legs, and her fingers were probing
my pussy. I just stood there smiling and moaning a bit. Ben really was working
hard. Fortunately, or unfortunately, she stopped before I climaxed, blew a kiss
at me, and walked out. I followed her out to show Jon what I looked like. Jon
didn't like it and told me to take it off, give it to him, and look for one
myself. Before I knew it, I had taken the dress off, and  was looking through
the rack right in front of the two teenage girls. This seemed to snap them back
into life, and they suddenly giggled and walked out. After looking through a
couple of racks, I realised where I was, and what I was doing, and walked over
to Jon and put my coat on. Jon thanked the assistant and said that we might be
back, and we left. The assistant said we could call anytime, and thanked us for
calling. This was all getting too much for me, and I asked Jon if we could go
home. It took us ages to walk back to the car, Ben was getting to be too much
for me, and I didn't want to have an orgasm in the street. When we got into the
car, Jon told me to take my coat off, and finish the job. This didn't take long.

Afterwards, Jon wouldn't let me put my coat back on, and we drove home. I was
glad that it gets dark reasonably early in April, and Jon gave me my coat when
we pulled into his drive.

Back home, Jon decided that we were hungry, and told me to prepare a meal. Jon
let me remove Ben, but he wouldn't let me wear any clothes, even when I pointed
out that I might get something burnt. I wanted to go up to the bathroom to
remove the balls, but Jon told me to squat down there, and get them out with a
finger right there in front of him. I put them in the box in my handbag, I
wasn't going to lose them. After dinner, Jon said that he had to go out for a
while, and that I was to rest for a while. Before going out, Jon took me to one
of the other bedrooms and told me to sit on the bottom of the bed with my feet
on the floor. He then put a blindfold on me and told me to lie back. He then
proceeded to tie my wrists to the posts at the top corners of the bed. I could
then feel him putting some ropes round my ankles, and assumed that he was going
to tie them to the short wooden posts at the bottom corner of the bed, but no,
no sooner than they were both tied, my feet were spread about 3 feet apart, and
my legs were raised up as far as they could go. There I was, spread-eagle,
blindfolded, my legs high in the air, and my bottom right at the bottom of the
bed. Right I though, this is it, he's going to fuck me. But he didn't, he just
said that he was going out, and that if I heard anyone come in calling his name,
then to ignore them, it would be one of his friends coming to collect something,
and not to be afraid, because there was no need for him to come upstairs. It was
very quiet, and dark, and I was lovely and warm. It wasn't long before I was
fast asleep. The days excitement must have really worn me out.

I woke-up with a start. It look only a couple of seconds to remember where I
was, and I could hear a female voice calling Jon's name, then there was silence.
After a few minutes, I could suddenly see little bits of light through the
blindfold. Someone had switched the bedroom light on. "Who's there" I said, but
there was no reply. Everything was quiet. "Please speak to me" I said, but there
was no response, instead, I could feel the air moving around my breasts, then
something lightly brushed my right nipple, and it jumped to attention. This was
embarrassing, there I was, stark naked, with my legs spread wide, with some
strange person that I couldn't even see, touching my breast. I suppose that it
was because I trusted Jon, and the experiences of earlier that day, that made me
feel un-afraid. Instead, I was starting to enjoy it. I could feel my juices
start to flow. The hand was very gentle, and slowly wandered all over my body,
slowly moving down towards my pussy. Then nothing before I could feel the person
breathing near my pussy. The next thing I knew was that something was being
pushed into me. I didn't take much because I was dripping, and it didn't take
long for me to work out what it was, as soon as it was switched on I knew, then
the lights went off and I heard the front door close. At first I was in heaven,
I had never had a vibrator before, and was enjoying the experience. It wasn't
long before I orgasmed, then again. After the third time, I was desperate for it
to stop, and I was starting think that I would die, I had never experienced so
much pleasure in such a short time, and the frightening thing was that I had no
control over it. In the end, I must have passed out, because the next thing I
remember is Jon taking the blindfold off me, asking if I was alright. I just
said, "Yes, can I have a drink please". Jon must have untied me and removed the
vibrator while I was still unconscious, because my hands and legs were free, and
there was no sign of the vibrator. I had to squeeze my stomach muscles to make
sure that there was nothing still inside me. After a couple of gulps of the
drink, I noticed the metal rings on the ceiling, there were 5 of them directly
over the bed, so that what was what was keeping my legs in the air. Jon then
told me that anticipation of a spanking was often part of the punishment, and
that he would remember that I had just forgotten to say "Master"  when I asked
for the drink. I would get the punishment in the morning. Jon then asked me if I
was alright, then told me I could go to bed, and that I had done just fine so
far, and was I still happy for the 'interview' to continue in the morning.
"Definitely Master" was my reply as I walked out of that bedroom and into mine.

Sunday April 19
Next morning I woke up early, had a shower, got dressed, and went downstairs
into the kitchen, and put the kettle on. I was sat drinking a coffee when Jon
walked in wearing nothing but a days growth on his chin. His hairless pubes
looked as smooth as mine. He seemed a little surprised to see me and then said
that if I took the job I had better get used to it as he usually had breakfast
before he got dressed. As I was lifting my eyes above his waist, he asked me why
I had some clothes on. Suddenly remembering, I quickly removed them, but it was
too late, as soon as I had got them all off he told me to get on my knees, open
my knees about a foot, and lean back and put my hands on the floor behind me.

This was the position that I was to put myself in every time he said, "assume
the position".  He then made himself a coffee and sat in front of me until he
finished it. All the time, I could see his cock which was starting to get semi
erect, and I was starting to get aroused too, I was getting wet, and I could
feel my lips tingling and opening, and my clit start to swell. The coffee cup
was put on the table, and Jon started walking round me. He stopped behind me and
told me to look at him. It was real difficult to look him in the face when his
balls and cock were a couple of inches from my face. 

He was looking up and down my body when he suddenly moved to my left side and
put his hand on my pussy, pressed his finger into my very wet slit, and then
moved his hand up to my pubic bone. "I thought so, you haven't had a shave today
have you"?. "No Master" I replied.  "Right, you are about to receive the worst
physical punishment that you  will ever receive from me. Do you remember the
words that will make all this stop"?. "Yes" I replied. He then told me to go
upstairs and lay spread-eagle on the bed where I was punished yesterday.  When
he came up, he tied my wrists to the top corners of the bed, he tied ropes to my
ankles, but then pulled my legs over my body, and tied then to the top corner
posts as well, leaving my wet pussy open and facing the ceiling. With that he
picked up one of those old school canes, about 3 feet long, 'U' shaped at one
end, thin and very flexible. He 'swished' it through the air a couple of times
before bringing it down on my backside. "OOOOOOW"  I screamed, boy did that
hurt. That didn't stop him, neither did the tears that were soon streaming out
of my eyes.  The fourth stroke was different, it only landed on my right cheek,
but the flexibility of the cane made it bend and the end of it hit my pussy.
Talk about pain. My scream sounded as if it would wake up the whole
neighbourhood. The last 2 were slightly worse as Jon adjusted his aim so that
these last 2 hit my clit which always sticks out between my pussy lips. He
stopped after 6.  It took the best part of ten minutes for me to come down from
my pain-induced high. I remained almost motionless throughout the orgasm, save
for an occasional 'twitch' of my thighs or abdomen as the after-shocks
diminished in intensity. That was the most intense orgasm I've ever had. I
thought it would never stop. My butt was still tingling when Jon came back in
and asked me if I was alright. He then untied me and told me to have a shower
and shave.

30 minutes later, I went downstairs (still naked) and found him reading the
Sunday papers. I sat (slowly) opposite him with my legs slightly apart, waiting
for him to look at me. After a while he put down the paper and said that we were
going for an early lunch before the final part of the interview, and then me
going home. This time, I had to wear the only dress that I had with me. It was
one that buttoned all the way down the front, again, no bra or knickers, and the
embarrassing thing was that he would only let me fasten the buttons down to just
above my pussy. We went to a Chinese that did a self-service Sunday lunch. Very
nice food, and only a problem when I had to walk around without my coat on.
Every time I put one leg in front of the other, the dress opened at the front,
and I got a draught on my pussy. Nice feeling, but if anyone was looking
...........  When we got back to Jon's place we went into the lounge and we sat
opposite each other. I deliberately kept my legs apart, and with that dress, he
should be able to see all my stomach as well as my pussy. I was beginning to
think that I was going to be unlucky and that Jon wasn't going to fuck me, and
my pussy was really wanting his cock inside it. Anyway, Jon started by asking me
what my verdict was on the job, was it what I expected, and did I still want it.
He said that I had managed to survive the punishments that he had administered
quite well, and even looked as if I were enjoying it at times. "It was more pain
than I'd ever experienced, but yes, I did enjoy it". I said. "In fact, I had
enjoyed the weekend so much that I wanted the job".  Jon said that he wasn't
going to accept an answer at that time, but that I was to go home and telephone
him with my answer on the following Tuesday evening, and that if the answer was
'yes', then he would come to Wales the next Saturday and collect me and my
belongings. There were just 3 more things that I had to do before Jon took me to
the bus station. Firstly, I had to get myself ready for home, minus all my
underwear that I was to leave there, secondly, I had to insert Ben and leave
them there until I got home, and thirdly, he gave me a pen and a notebook, and I
was to write a Journal, starting with my childhood spanking experiences. I
thought that Ben and the lack of knickers would be nice, but a little difficult.

On the bus before starting writing this, I went through the weekend in my mind,
and, as well as having to lift the back of my dress and coat over my ass so that
the wet patch was on the seat, not my clothes, I decided that yes, I needed a
change, and that this was right for me. I needed to be told what to do, I liked
the feelings when I was being punished, and I liked the excitement when Jon was
telling me to expose myself.

Next morning I went to work and handed in my notice. The difficult part was
trying to avoid telling my friends what I was going to do with my self.  I
telephoned Jon on the Tuesday evening and gave him the good news. He said that
he would collect me at 10:00 am on Saturday morning. I wore Ben most days that
week, and every time someone accused me of daydreaming, I blushingly smiled and
said that I was thinking about my new 'adventure', which was true. On the Friday
evening as I was getting ready to go out for a farewell drink with the girls
from work, I decided that I was feeling brave, and went out wearing Ben, and no
underwear. I had an enjoyable evening (in more ways than one) and after a few
drinks, I kept saying that Ben was looking after me. Somehow I managed to avoid
telling everyone who Ben was. 




Vanessa's Journal
Saturday April 25 - The day I started my new Job
Next morning I wanted to impress Jon, and I was ready and shaved before 10:00
am, wearing only my coat and shoes. I decided that too much Ben would wear me
out before I had stated the day. Also, my head was a little delicate after the
drinks the night before. When the door bell rang, I took my coat off and
answered the door. I wanted to please Jon, and it was only when I opened the
door and saw Jon and one of my neighbours passing by, that I thought maybe that
that wasn't a good idea. Jon looked me up and down, put his hand on my pubes,
said, "Good, you remembered," and came in. He had a quick look round, then said,
"Coat on and pick up your bags and let's go."

The journey didn't take anywhere as long by car as it did by bus, and we were
soon at Jon's house. Once in, he told me to bring everything into the lounge,
and that he would inspect everything to see if I were permitted to have it in
his house. I was glad that he had left his central heating on as I had to
'model' every item of clothing that I had, changing right there in front of him.
As the 'parade' went on, I knew that I was getting wet, and I could see a bulge
in his trousers. About three quarters of my clothes were 'unsuitable', and were
to be thrown-out.

This left we with no underwear, trousers, shorts, tights or leggings. I was then
told to 'assume the position' whilst Jon read me the rules again. This time
there were more rules than the last time :-

The rules

Smoking will not be permitted under any circumstances.
Unless specifically directed to, you will be expected to wear dresses or skirts
at all times. Trousers, shorts, leggings or tights will not be tolerated.
Stockings, either self supporting or with a suspender belt are acceptable.
All clothes purchased or hand made will be approved by me before being worn.
Unless specifically directed, underwear will not be worn.
You will wear tampons when you have your period.
Spankings will be administered by means of hand, paddle, tawse, cane, or any
other item deemed appropriate at the time.
Body hair will be removed every day.
Legs will not be crossed whilst in Jon's presence, unless specifically directed
to do so.
Clothing will not me adjusted whilst in Jon's presence unless, specifically
directed to do so.
You will get 2 days off each week - Monday and Tuesday, unless previously agreed
differently.
At most, you will wear only a dress and shoes when working.
Whenever you have had enough, and wish to stop, you will say the phrase
'chocolate teapot' 3 times. Once you have, you will no-longer be employed by me,
and you will be expected to leave the premises within twenty four hours.
Your employer reserves the rights to change these rules at any time.

Jon then asked me if I was happy to continue, "Yes Master" I replied. He then
asked me how my Journal was coming along. I went to get it and showed him that
it was written-up until the previous night. I was then told that I was not
expected to write something in it every day, just for the days that had
something of any significance in them. He also told me that he would teach me
how to use his PC so that I could use that. This pleased me as I had had very
little training on computers at school. Jon also said that once my journal was
on his PC it would be easier for him to publish it, that didn't please me too
much. It's one thing keeping a journal that's private (well between Jon and me),
but it's something completely different having it available for everyone in the
world to read.

My first task was to prepare a late lunch. After that, it was on with my coat
and we went to look for some more 'suitable' clothes. We wandered round a few
clothes shops, but didn't see anything that Jon liked. Eventually, we headed for
the dress shop that we had the fun in the previous Saturday. I was happy to see
that the assistant was the same one, and that she was still the only staff
person there. The shop was also empty. The smile on the assistant's face told me
that she was happy to see us as well. As we started looking through the racks I
thought about what type of dress Jon was looking for. I guessed that they had to
be short, thin and easily accessible. Jon selected a couple for me before I
found anything, and handed them to me to try on. I went into the changing
cubicle and took my coat off. I couldn't see the point in closing the curtain,
as I was sure that Jon would open it again. I picked-up the first one, it was
made of cheesecloth, and was fitted round my shoulders and breasts, but from
below my breasts it just went out in a big inverted 'V' shape. If I just stood
there, there was nothing touching my body from just below my breasts down, and I
was sure that if the light was in the right direction, anyone would be able to
see-through it. Jon said that he liked it, but was too long. "Not a problem
Master" I said, "I will shorten it, what length would you like it to be?" Jon
said that all my dresses were to be no longer than 5 inches below my pussy,
unless he specifically said so.

Just as I was taking the dress over my head, the shop assistant came over with
another couple of dresses, and asked Jon if he liked them. Jon held each one up
in turn, then said that his Slave needed something that displayed her assets,
and that was very short. Whilst he was saying this, the assistant was looking at
me standing there listening to Jon. When Jon stopped talking she just stood
there, and Jon had to snap his fingers to bring her out of her trance. I took
the second dress and held it up. At first I though that it was a denim dress,
but when I looked closer, it was a dungarees dress. It was obviously designed to
have a T-shirt on underneath, because when I put it on, I could see all the
sides of my breasts in the mirror, and Jon had obviously picked a size too big
for me because the waist was way too big. If I looked down the inside, I could
see all of my legs and down to the ground. Jon liked this one, but again it was
too long for him. Just as I was taking the dress off, the assistant returned
with another 2 dresses and asked if she could help me try them on. When Jon
said, "Yes," she told me that her name was Kelly, and asked me what my name was.
After I told her, Kelly held them up and asked "which one first." There was one
white lycra one, and one black lacy one. I pointed to the lycra one and Kelly
gave it to me, and then hung-up the black one. As I started to pull it over my
head, I was finding it a bit difficult. Kelly noticed this and said that she had
brought one a size too small deliberately, so that it really showed my assets.
Jon smiled approvingly. Kelly helped me pull the dress down, and as she was
doing so, her hands were lightly sliding all over me. The lycra was so thin that
it almost felt as if I had nothing on, I could certainly see the dark of my
nipples through it. I just stood there as her hands wandered all over. After a
minute or so, Kelly looked at Jon and said, "May I?"  "Be my guest, but hands
only" he said. Kelly's hands moved down to my thighs and then back up under the
dress. They went all over my ass then right into the crease of my arse. Her
right hand came round my front and found my pussy which was by now getting very
wet. Before the previous Saturday I had never has any form of sex with another
woman. Last weekend had been sort of accidental, but this time it was very
deliberate, Jon was encouraging it, and I was enjoying it, even though I was a
little nervous, after all, this was a public shop. Kelly's left hand was working
its way into my arse, and her right hand was working on my clit, and going in
and out of my vagina.

All 3 of us were so engrossed it what was going on, that non of us noticed a
women about my age come in and start going through the clothes on the racks. For
some strange reason, I think that I was the one that noticed her first. Well if
I wasn't then Jon and / or Kelly had decided to ignore her. She came round the
end of a rack, stopped dead and looked straight at me. There I was, dress up
round my waist, another woman stood beside me with fingers from one hand in my
arse, and the fingers from the other in my pussy. I was too far gone to even
care who was looking, but the fact that some stranger was looking was giving me
an extra kick. Anyway. this woman was looking at me, and I was looking at her.
After a minute or two, her hands started to rub her stomach and her tongue was
licking her lips. All of a sudden, she was gone, don't know why, and I didn't
really care, I was getting my pleasure from Kelly. It wasn't long before I gave
a shudder as I orgasmed. Kelly looked me in the eyes and said, "Now you to me."
I looked at Jon and he nodded, so I started running my hands over Kelly's dress.
She wasn't wearing a bra either, and her nipples were nearly as big as mine. I
pinched and pulled them with my fingers before moving my hands down to her
stomach and then under her dress to her thighs. As I moved up I came across
material and looked and saw a thong. As I rubbed her pussy outside the thong, my
fingers got wet. I pulled the thong aside and set to work. Kelly came a lot
quicker than I did. After we had both calmed down a bit, I pulled my dress down
as far as I could, went out of the cubicle and asked Jon if he liked it. He told
me to bend down which I did, and the dress rode up over my ass. When I stood up,
the dress stayed where it was, showing everything that I had, front and back.

Jon then said that he thought that I had had enough fun for one afternoon, and
told Kelly that we would take all 3 dresses. We would come back some other time
and try the lace dress on.  Kelly composed herself, picked up the cheesecloth
and dungarees dresses and waited for me to take the lycra dress off. When I did,
she walked over to the counter and started to ring-up the sale. Jon said, "coat
on" and went over to Kelly. While we were waiting for the credit card to
process, Kelly said that she would like to see us again. Jon wrote his phone
number on the credit card voucher, and we left.    

We wandered round a few more shops before heading back to the car. On the way
back we came across a Post Office and got a Passport application for me.

Back home - well it was my home now, Jon had me get us some food before he tied
me to a chair, legs open, gagged and blindfolded. He then pushed a vibrator in
me, switched it on slow speed, and went out. The vibe was doing its job slowly,
but I was fighting it, I didn't want to be too tired when he got back. I had
orgasmed twice when he did get back, and was about ready for number 3. Before he
had chance to say anything I said, "Master please fuck me, I need to feel you
inside me." Luckily for me he untied me and then put me over the back of the
sofa, took his clothes off and rammed his cock straight into me. 'At last' I
thought. I was beginning to think that I wasn't going to get the 'real thing'.

By the time Jon shot his load into me I had orgasmed another twice. That made 5
times that day, no wonder I was tired. When he pulled out, he lay on the sofa
and told me to clean him up. I started to walk to the kitchen to get a paper
towel, but he called me back and said, "No slave - with your tongue." I had
given an old boyfriend a blow-job a couple of times, and had managed to avoid
getting his sperm into my mouth, so I didn't knew what the taste would be like,
especially as Jon's cock and balls were covered with my juices as well. As it
turns out, it tasted quite nice, and by the time I had licked him clean he had
another hard-on, but he sent me to bed.

Sunday April 26
Next morning I got up early, and started shortening the dresses. I stated with
the cheesecloth one because it was easiest. By the time Jon got up I had
finished it so I put it on and went downstairs and cooked us some breakfast. All
the time, Jon was sat at the kitchen table naked, reading the Sunday papers.
When he was finished he said that I was to go to the Doctors and get myself a
supply of the pill and some 'morning after' pills. I had to agree with him when
he said that I must not get pregnant. He then said that Sunday mornings were one
of the times that he often went to the Gym to workout, and that today, I was
going with him. When I pointed out that I didn't have the proper clothing, he
said that we would get some, some other time, and that for today I could borrow
one of his T-shirts. "What about the rest Master?" I said. Jon said to bring my
trainers, and that a T-shirt and trainers would be enough. I hoped that the
T-shirt was a long one.

The day was surprisingly warm for the end of April, and Jon told me that we
wouldn't have to be outside for more than a couple of minutes, and that I was to
wear the cheesecloth dress and my denim jacket. I still felt cold and very
naked, and I hoped that it wasn't windy. It wasn't, and before I knew it we were
pulling into the car park of this big Hotel. Jon said that he was a member of
the Leisure Centre there, and that I would be his guest. We went to get changed,
and I was out again long before him. The T-shirt came nearly half way down to my
knees.  We went into the workout room and Jon showed me how to use the machines.
I asked him to stand in front of me when I was using the machine that stretched
your legs wide apart. I told Jon that I didn't want to give the old men in there
a heart attack. Jon said, "OK - this time, but you're on your own after this."
The other machine that I had a problem with was the rowing machine, every time I
went back, I could see my pussy in the mirror. I just hoped that no one was
looking, and I didn't seem to have an audience, so I guess I got away with it.
When I came to use the exercise bike, Jon raised the seat when I thought he
should have lowered it.  When I asked him why, he told me to try it and see. He
also made sure that my T-shirt wasn't between me and the seat. Well, I had to
slide right over the side of the saddle each time I pushed down on a pedal.
After a while I was enjoying it and didn't really want to stop when Jon told me
to.

After about an hour, Jon said that we were going for a sauna. I'd never been
into a sauna before, and wasn't quite sure what to expect. Jon told me to go and
strip-off, wrap the towel round me and go out of the other end of the changing
room. The towel was only just big enough to cover my breasts and bottom, so long
as I didn't bend down. When I met Jon at the other end, there was a sauna and
spa there. There was also a smallish swimming pool, but I didn't have a costume.
Jon told me that if I made myself a bikini and swim suit, then he would take me
swimming, he would describe the design he had in mind later. There was no one
else in the sauna, and we sat facing each other with our feet up and legs bent.
This was giving me a good view of Jon's cock and balls, so I guess that he could
see my pussy. Especially when I held my knees and feet about a foot apart. I was
beginning to feel a bit dizzy when Jon finally decided to go out.

We took a shower (closed the curtains) and then Jon told me to sit on one of the
loungers while he went back in for another session. I was laying there with my
knees up, cooling down, when one of the male assistants came. I wasn't taking
any notice of him until I felt that someone was looking at me. I looked round,
and as he was the only other person there, I thought 'what's he looking at'?
Then I suddenly realised. My initial reaction was to put my legs down, but I
suddenly thought 'what the hell, I've enjoyed people looking at me before, so
just ignore him' and I did. I put my head back and closed my eyes. He was still
there when Jon came out of the sauna, and sat down beside me. Jon whispered for
me to open my legs a bit, then to scratch my clit. After I had done that I
looked at the assistant and he caught my eye, blushed and walked out. Jon said
'Come on, get dressed and meet me at the entrance."      
 
The only other thing of interest that happened that day, was that Jon started to
teach me how to use his PC. He is pretty good at that, but he should be, that's
his job. Oh, one more thing, Jon gave me one of his old white cotton shirts to
make a bikini out of. It was to be made of 4 triangles held together with white
shoe lace like 'string'. Each part was to be able to slide along the 'string'
making it very adjustable. The other thing was that the bottom front 'triangle'
was to start about 6 inches wide, rapidly decrease to 1 inch, then remain at 1
inch as it went over my pussy to the back 'triangle'.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing April 27
Nothing special happened during the week, Jon was at work most of the time. I
went and registered with a doctor on the Monday (the Doctor looked a bit funny
at me when he saw that I was shaved and didn't have any knickers on when he
examined me before putting me on the pill, but he didn't say anything). I spent
most of the time either sewing, or practising on the PC. I've started typing
this Journal into it, starting with today's entry. I'll go back and copy the
rest into it as soon as I can, but I'm still very slow at this.

Saturday May 2 - The big Shopping Centre
Jon was going to spend some more money on me. We went up to Sheffield to a big
covered Shopping Centre, Jon told me to wear the cheesecloth dress again, my
denim jacket and the Ben Wa balls. This was going to be slow progress I thought.
During the journey, Jon said that we weren't going home until 10 people had seen
my pussy, 5 male and 5 female, and that I was going to count them. If he thought
that I was cheating, then I would get a sore backside when we got home. As we
were driving up the Motorway, I adjusted the seat back and laid back thinking
about the fun I was going to have. It didn't bother me one little bit that when
I was laid back with my dress just above my pussy. If any passing motorist was
looking, then they would count towards the 10. Only problem was that I wasn't
looking at them to count them. When we arrived, we had to walk a few hundred
yards through the car park, and it was windy. I lost count of the number of
times that I wanted to pull the hem of my dress back down, and I will never know
how I managed to stop my natural reactions. Unfortunately, there weren't many
people around as we walked in, and I didn't get to start my counting. Ben was
doing his job well, and just after we got in, I had to sit down and calm down
before going on.  This rest gave me the chance to start counting, as the seat
that we sat on was facing one of the main entrances, and at that time there were
quite a few people coming in. The first chance came as 3 young couples came in
and walked straight towards us. I told Jon that I was going for it, and asked
him to watch their eyes. All 3 couples seemed to be engrossed in each other and
I thought that my open knee flash had been wasted until 1 of the girls suddenly
did a double take.  At least I had managed 1 female.

We stayed sitting of the bench for about 5 minutes waiting for other 'suitable
candidates', but nothing, so we moved on. The first clothes shop that we went in
had some nice things, and we bought a dress and a wrap-round skirt. Jon said
that with slight modifications, the skirt, even though it was a full length one,
could be made to show a lot of leg each time I put a foot forward.
Unfortunately, the changing rooms were cubicles in a separate room, and didn't
give me any opportunities.  The shop next door was a furniture shop, we went in
and went to the part where the beds were. There was a male assistant who looked
as if he was still at school, and that this was just a Saturday job. We waited
for him to come over to us, and Jon started asking him questions about the price
and delivery. Jon then told me to get on the bed and see if it was comfortable.
There was no way that I could get on the bed in that dress without showing more
than most women would want to. "Here we go, number 2," so I sat on the side,
then swung first one leg then the other one onto the bed. The assistant's eyes
opened wide.  Jon told me to lay back and then turn over. With a dress that
short, half my bum was on show.

As I rolled back, I noticed that a man and a woman were also looking at me.  I
smiled and thought that that was a bonus, I was now up to 4, 2 of each. I then
got off the bed in a most un-lady like manor, making sure that I gave them their
'money's worth'. Jon continued to talk to the assistant for another couple of
minutes, but then told me we were leaving. As we were walking out of the shop,
Jon told me that I had left 'a snail's trail' across part of the bed when I got
off it. I had to ask him what he meant, and he said that I had left a line of
pussy juice as I slid my uncovered pussy over the bed as I got off. I wanted to
go back and look, but he wouldn't let me.

I was having to walk slower and slower as Ben had more and more of an effect on
me. We were passing a Ladies room, and I pleaded with Jon to let me take them
out. When I explained to him that I wouldn't be able to go much further, he
finally agreed. When I came out of the Ladies, I was able to walk faster, but at
the same time, something was 'missing'.

Whilst I was in there, I had cleaned-up myself, but it wasn't long before I was
getting just as wet. The next shop that we went it was another dress shop. We
didn't find any dresses or skirts that Jon liked, but we did find a bikini that
he liked. It was one that had a low-cut, under-wired bra, with shoulder straps
that connected at the front, almost under my arm-pits. It was made of a cotton
mix material in orange check.

I selected a top and bottom in my size (34A), but Jon swapped the top for a 34C.
He then swapped the bottoms for one that was a size too small. As we were
walking towards the changing rooms, Jon told me to come out and show him what it
looked like on. When I went through the changing room door, I saw that it was
one big communal changing room, and that there were already about 7 or 8 other
women in there. They were all pretty young, and in various stated of undress. I
took my jacket off, then my dress. This left me naked, and I though that this
was the ideal time to expose my pussy to the remaining 3 women that I needed. I
sat on the bench, and made a big deal of putting the bikini on. I put the top on
first, then stated talking to myself to attract some attention. I got the 3
women that I needed very easily, but would Jon let me count them if he hadn't
seen them. Putting the bottoms on was a bit difficult, but I managed it, and
went out. Jon smiled, and said that I didn't look bad at all, he then asked me
to bend forward, and I suddenly realised why he had swapped the top for a 34C,
as I looked down, I could see inside the top, and there were my nipples clearly
visible, not touching the front of the top. I stood up, and they fell back in.
Jon told me to go and get dressed. When I had taken the bikini off, I pretended
to adjust my dress before putting it on. I was waiting for another one of the
women to notice me before putting it on. I wanted to get the count even higher
than I needed. It wasn't long before a girl of about 15 looked at me, and stared
at my bald pussy. I have never been aroused by the thought of another woman just
looking at me, but I could feel my juices flowing.

When I got outside, Jon was waiting with a matching bikini bottoms that were 2
sizes too big for me. He bought the bikini (top and bottoms) saying that they
would be OK, once I had done a few changes to the bottoms; and we moved on. As
we approached an escalator, Jon told me to go up, and wait for him at the top,
he would be up in a minute. I did, and when Jon arrived, he told me that I had
been followed up by a man who had been following us. Jon said that the man had
been a few steps below me and was staring at my legs all the way up. Jon said
that next time he told me to meet him at the top, I was to bend down and put a
bag on the step in front of me, then pick it up again, but that I could add 1 to
my count of men, because the man must have had been able to see my pussy.

The last shop that we went into was a Newsagent. Jon kept telling me to pass him
something from the bottom shelves, but we never saw anyone looking at me. After
that, Jon decided to leave and we went back to the car. During the drive home,
we went through the whole morning's events, and although there were well over 5
women who had seen my pussy there were only 4 men. Jon said that the extra women
didn't compensate for the shortage of 1 man.  Therefore, I would receive some
punishment later, and that it would take 3 different forms.  Firstly, I would
have to be naked for the rest of the weekend, except for when we went out,
secondly, I would have to spend the night restrained, and thirdly, I would
receive 10 strokes of an implement yet to be decided. He didn't say when I would
get the 10 strokes.

When we got home I took my clothes off, and Jon told me that I would get my
punishment the next morning. Before that, I was to get us some food, then he
would be taking me out for the evening. Jon had me wearing a low-cut dress that
had short full skirt - no underwear of course.  We went to a rugby club where
the local team were celebrating a win. There were lots of men and only a few
women. Jon decided that I would be drinking the same as him that night - beer. 
I had 2 pints, and he had 4, but I couldn't hold it like he could, and I had to
keep going to the toilet. Only problem was, that I had to go through a large
group of men that were quite happy.  Every time that I went through them, their
hands were everywhere. One even held my skirt up, and as Jon was watching, I
couldn't pull it down. I just had to keep moving, and wait for it to come down
on its own. A short time later, one of the men came over to us, and said that I
was obviously game for good time, and would I put on a show for the lads.
Thankfully, Jon said no, but said that I would next time. I asked Jon what I
would have to do, and when, but he just said, "don't worry, it's nothing that
doesn't come naturally."   

As it was dark when we left, Jon told me to take my dress off and get into the
driver's seat. I was going to drive home naked. It was a good job that it was
dark. Once home, I had to walk from the car to the house naked, and Jon would
not let me run. When we were in, Jon said, "assume the position." I had to wait
like that while he went and got some 'items' that I hadn't seen before. Firstly,
there was a pair of padded leather wrist straps that had a metal hook on, and a
similar set of ankle straps. I had to stand up and put these on and follow him
to the bedroom that had the bed with the corner posts, and the hooks in the
ceiling. Once there, he had me lay on the bed, before he tied ropes to my ankles
and wrists, before tying them to hooks in the ceiling. This left me stretched
wide apart. He pulled them so tight that I was hardly touching the bed apart
from the centre of my back. He then got his video camera and set it up an a
tripod so that it was looking straight at my pussy. He started the video and put
a vibrator in me, on a low setting. What he did next surprised me a bit, as I
had never seen a gag with a ball built into it, but he put that into my mouth
and a blindfold on me, then left me.  I had already started getting wet when I
was naked on the drive home, and by that time, I was well on the way to my first
orgasm of the night. After a lot of jerking, trying to push the vibe out, and 3
orgasms, I must have passed out. When I came round, I was sweating and very
tired, but I was starting again. The next time I came round, the batteries were
nearly flat.  After what seemed like hours I went to sleep.

Sunday May 3
Jon released me, and took the camera away while I slowly walked to the shower.
It took while for my arms and legs to get back to normal. After that, the Sunday
started the same way as the previous Sunday mornings, except that both of us
were naked, me getting the breakfast ready, and Jon reading the papers. After
breakfast, Jon said that after the Gym, it would be punishment time. At the Gym,
Jon told me to wear just the same T-shirt, and trainers. I went through the same
routine as the previous week, but on the leg spread machine, I was on my own. I
had to wait until I thought that no one was looking before each stretch. This
put my timings all out, and I only scored 35 out of 100. I enjoyed the exercise
cycle again, and I left my 'mark' on the saddle. Just when I though that I was
done, Jon told me to do a session on the abdominal exerciser. This is a metal
frame that you lay on the floor with, with your head on the head rest. You then
put your arms straight up in the air, and press on the front of the frame. This
lifts your head and tenses your abdominal muscles. This wasn't a problem when I
kept my legs on the ground, but after a couple of minutes Jon had a look round
the Gym, saw that there was no one else at that end of the Gym, and then told me
to look at the diagram on the wall. This showed a woman doing the same as I was,
except that her legs were pointing to the ceiling. Jon said, "10 like that."
Well, it was a good job that no one else was there, because as soon as I lifted
my legs up, my T-shirt was round my waist leaving me naked from the waist to my
trainers. I rushed the 10.

After that, Jon told me to go and put the white bikini on and meet him in the
sauna. Jon was wearing a very brief swimming costume that was made of very fine
mesh. It didn't really hold his cock in one place, and it bounced about as he
walked about. It was also semi-transparent and if you stared at him, you could
see his cock, although it was a little confusing with him having shaved pubes.
After about 5 minutes in the sauna, the white polyester and cotton bikini that
used to be one of Jon's old shirts, was wet with sweat, and quite transparent.
Non of the other people in the sauna appeared to notice, and when we left, I
went in front of Jon. We had a shower, and went to the swimming pool. I had put
my towel round me, and when I had to take it off to get into the water, it
wasn't quite so transparent until I was in the water. Jon had me swim up and
down, doing the breast stroke, both forwards and backwards. It wasn't long
before a couple of teenage boys with goggles started following me. Jon told me
to adjust the bottoms by sliding the front and back triangle to the same side.
This left me with my pussy lips and clit exposed. I had to do 2 more lengths
with the boys even closer to me, before Jon told me to get out and get into the
spa  I felt very exposed, and excited, as I walked to the spa, as my bikini was
very transparent, and even I could see my brown nipples and pussy lips. I jumped
into the spa as quick as I could, but just as I got in, the timer stopped the
pump. I had to wait for about 2 minutes in the still, clear water with the young
couple that were in there with us, staring at me. 10 minutes later, Jon decided
that it was time to go, and because he took my towel, I had to follow him with
everyone looking at me. Time seemed to stop as I walked out of that room. Jon
gave me my towel back, and I got dressed and met him in the entrance.

Back home, Jon reminded me that I was supposed to be naked, and that it was
punishment time. In a way, I was looking forward to this, and the anticipation
had helped to keep me damp since the previous day. "Master" I said, "I know that
I didn't please you yesterday, and that I must be punished. I am yours to do
with as you wish. Jon took me up what was now what I called the punishment room,
and restrained me very much the same as the previous night, except that my
ankles were nearer my wrists, and I was completely off the bed. This meant that
Jon could swing me back and forward. Jon stripped off and got a tawse out of one
of the drawers, and gave me the first stroke. After each one, I had to say the
stroke number and thank him. His aim was getting better, and the end of the
tawse was just bending round my leg and touching my lips. There were a few
screams before some of the counts and thanks, but at the same time, that feeling
in my belly was getting stronger and stronger. When he had finished all 10, I
looked up and saw that he had an erection. I said, "Fuck me hard Master, I want
you to take your satisfaction from me." He just stood there, and pulled me back
and forward onto his cock. After about 20 strokes, he suddenly stopped me from
going onto him again, and shot his load onto my belly. The first blob nearly
reached my face, but I couldn't reach it with my tongue. After a few seconds, he
pulled me onto him again, and held me there as he got soft. When he had, he let
go of me and walked out. A few minutes later, he came and released me and told
me to go and get a shower.

Apart from the pain, I felt good after that, I had made my Master happy, and I
now knew that I was his to do as he pleased, and what pleased him, pleased me. I
spent the rest of the day naked, sitting on cushions, and watching TV. At one
point, Jon played part of the video of me that he taken the previous day. It was
'interesting' to watch myself like that, and the bulge in Jon's trousers told me
that he was enjoying it too.

That night, there was a bad thunderstorm that kept me awake. I have always been
a bit frightened of thunderstorms, and I went and asked Jon if I could get into
bed with him. He grunted and I got in. When I woke up next morning, we were both
laid on our sides, with him behind me. His right arm was over me, holding my
right breast, and his erect cock was touching my pussy. This stated me getting
wet, and after a couple of minutes, I eased myself down and onto his cock. This
didn't wake him, and I practised contracting my vaginal muscles, pulling him
further into me. All of a sudden, he squeezed my breast and came inside me. 
Contented, I went back to sleep, and when I woke up again he had left for work.     




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing May 4
The week was spent shopping, sewing, and working on the PC. During one of my
days off, I spent time in town finding my way around. Not a lot on this city,
but more than in the town that I came from in Wales. I had managed to find a
stall in the market that sold lots of different materials, and found some very
thin white lycra for the swimming costume that Jon wanted me to make. It was as
thin as some tights, and I was sure that if it was stretched, I could see
through it. Jon had tried to describe the swimming costume to me, but I was
having difficulty understanding what exactly he wanted. In the end, he told me
to take my dress off, and used a ball-point pen to mark on my skin where it had
to go. It started as a thin strap round the back of my neck, then expanded in
two pieces to cover my breasts. It then kept going down in a deep 'V' going over
my pussy, still in two pieces that were only about an inch wide. They didn't
actually meet each other but were both attached to the back part about half an
inch apart just where my arse hole is. The back was like a full, high-cut bikini
bottom back that came round to the front as two thin tie cords. These cords
could either be tied on top of, or underneath the front part. When I had made it
and tried it on every time I leant forwards with it fastened underneath the
front part, the front part would hang forward leaving my breasts and pubis
exposed. I also had trouble keeping my clit inside the 2 front parts.    

Jon also had me make 2 pairs of shorts, one was with a top made out of the same
white lycra.  They had to be high cut, and with only a 2 inch crotch. The other
pair of shorts were running shorts made of very thin nylon cloth. The sides were
to be rounded up to the waist, and the crotch was to be 2 inches wide, and 3
inches longer than needed. With a short length of quarter inch rope that I had
to sew into the centre of the crotch, they would easily stick out at the front,
giving an easy view in from the side. I went back to the market next day and
found some suitable green material.

During my trip to the supermarket on the Friday, I noticed a man watching me as
I picked up things and put them in my trolley. At first, I was a little
frightened, but I started thinking that I could have a bit of fun with him. I
went to one of the freezer aisles that had no one around, and leaned over to get
something from the back. My dress rode up, and he must have been able to see my
bare bum. I then went to some shelves and squatted down with my knees apart, to
read a label on a packet. As he was walking towards me, I could see the bulge in
his trousers, and the wet patch. He must have come. I looked at his face, he
blushed and hurried off. I decided that it had been fun, and swore to have more
fun like that.

Saturday May 9
As I was slowly getting up, I realised that I'm getting used to wearing just a
dress or skirt and top now, Apart from when I go outside and get a breeze on my
pussy, I forget that I have no underwear on. It now seems quite normal to be
like that, and putting a swimsuit or shorts on, feels strange. Shaving my pubes
every day was a bit of a chore, but my skin had got used to it, and the itching
had stopped. I must talk to Jon about getting an electrolysis machine so that I
can remove them permanently. Perhaps Jon will let me use it on him. The other
thing that I realised was that I enjoyed exposing myself to other people, I had
really enjoyed the previous days experience in Tescos, and wasn't the least bit
embarrassed. I was very happy with my new job, and very happy being Jon's
'slave'. I feel very content having someone to take responsibility for me. I
guess that that was what was missing from my life in Wales.

Today was to be different to my previous weekends with Jon. Jon had decided that
we were going to decorate my bedroom. We went into town and selected some
wallpaper and paint and then got started. Jon didn't trust me with the
wallpaper, but told me to do the painting. Before I started, Jon told me to take
my dress off, he didn't want me to get paint on it. After we had been at it for
about an hour, I accidentally backed onto a wall that I had just painted, and I
got light blue emulsion paint on my bum. Jon said that that gave him an idea,
and he took the paint brush from me and painted a bikini on me. He started with
my pussy, saying that he had to get it before my lips got swollen and my juices
made the paint run down my leg. It really tickled as the brush went over my
pussy. When he'd finished, it looked quite good, I'm sure that unless you were
quite close, you couldn't tell that it wasn't the real thing. I was looking
forward to testing that theory, but wondered how long it would be before it
started to come off.

It took till late afternoon to finish the decorating, and after some food, Jon
opened a package had arrived by post that morning. It contained a dog collar and
lead, a pair of metal handcuffs, some straps that would hold my wrists to my
thighs, and 2 butt plugs. Jon told me that I had to wear the collar when we went
out that night. When we did go  to a pub in town a couple of hours later, all I
was wearing was a black dress, collar and shoes. Jon carried the lead, and put
it on the table in the pub, but didn't attach it to the collar. I think I might
have been a bit embarrassed being pulled around by a lead, but I didn't get a
chance to find out. I wasn't at all worried by such a short dress, no knickers
and not being able to cross my legs, because of the painted-on knickers. So far,
the paint was lasting well. A few people did a double take, but no-one said
anything.

Sunday May 10
This turned out to be the hottest day of the year so far, and instead of going
to the Gym, Jon decided that we would go for a bike ride. In his garage, Jon had
3 bikes, all with a cross-bar.  One had a very narrow saddle, and another had a
wide saddle, but with a round hole in the centre of it. After Jon had checked
out the bikes, he put 2 in the back of his car, and we drove out into the
country. As usual, I wore just a dress and shoes, which would be 'interesting'
getting on and off, and using a bike with a cross-bar. We stopped at a big Water
Reservoir that has a path all the way round it. To get on my bike, I had to
raise one leg high in the air to get it over the cross bar. Even though there
were lots of people around, I don't think that anyone noticed. Even if they had
been looking, they would have only seen some of my blue 'knickers'.  Some of the
paint had already come off. Jon told me to make sure that I wasn't sat on my
dress, so that my bare pussy was on the saddle. As I got on, I realised that Jon
had set the saddle high enough for me to have to slide from side to side as I
peddled. I also bent forward and looked back at the top of my legs, and I could
see my blue pubes as I peddled. If I could see them, then so could anyone who
cared to look, but then again, they would think that they were knickers. After a
couple of miles, we came to a little picnic area that went from the waters edge,
back about 100 yards to a wooded area. Jon decided that we would have a rest,
and enjoy the warm sun. We went to the edge of the wood, away from the picnic
tables, and I un-packed the drinks, snacks, and blanket that Jon had told me to
bring. Jon took his shirt and shorts off, just leaving him in a brief pair of
briefs. And then told me to take my dress off. I had a good look round and when
I was happy that there was no one for about 50 yards, I took it off. There was
still enough of the 'blue bikini' left to fool anyone unless they were within a
few yards. Jon was not happy that I had hesitated before taking my dress off,
and said that I would get 5 strokes for that.

After about 30 minutes of soaking-up the sun, Jon said that it was punishment
time, and told me to follow him. Fortunately, he headed for the woods. I would
not have been too happy if he had walked towards the water, there were people
there. He found a path into the woods, and off we went. I was enjoying walking
in the woods in the nude. It was a nice 'free' feeling, and anyway, the only
person to see me was Jon, and he had seen more of me than was on display today.
After a while, we came across a small clearing with a big fallen tree across
part of it. Jon told me to lay over the tree an put my feet about a foot apart.
As I lay there, I could hear Jon move about, but I couldn't see what he was
doing. All of a sudden, I knew what he had been doing, my backside stung as a
very flexible thin branch wrapped its self round my butt. I screamed and said,
"One, thank you Master." This continued until I had received all 5. As I lay
there crying, I suddenly felt Jon's cock enter me. It didn't have any resistance
as I was very wet by that time. As the tops of his thighs and hips touched my
butt, the pain started again. I came before Jon - just. When he pulled out, he
just said, "come on" and walked off. When we got back to the bikes, he told me
to pack things away, get on my bike, and follow him. When I asked about my
dress, he said, "leave it off for now." Fortunately, there were not a lot of
people on the path that we took, and it was about 15 minutes before we came
across a group of 4 teenagers - 3 boys, and 1 girl, all about 14 or 15. Believe
it or not, not one of the even glanced at me. Neither did the old couple that we
passed. In a way, I was a little disappointed. 

Just after that, we were getting close to the car park, and a lot of people. I
could also see a police car. Jon told me to put my dress on. Once the bikes and
us were in the car, we started to drive off. Just as we went through the
entrance, Jon told me to take my dress off again.  There was slightly less blue
paint now, but still enough to stop anyone taking a second glance at me when we
were driving home. Just as we got back to Derby, Jon pulled into a McDonald's
Drive In. The poor girl at the window wasn't quite sure what she saw, She didn't
look shocked, just puzzled. I don't think she knew what she had seen. When we
got home, I had get out of the car, just in my 'bikini'. I had to help Jon
unload the car before going in. Fortunately, there was no one around, but I was
still 'excited' doing it.
That night, Jon told me to take a long bath, and 'soak' the paint off. I had to
use a scrubbing brush on some bits, and had some red patches by the time I had
finished.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing May 11
Had an accident on Wednesday while I was doing the washing-up, and broke a
plate. Jon immediately put me over his knee and gave me 10 smacks with his hand.
It was all over before I really realised what was happening. But not quick
enough for me to miss the lump in his trousers that was pressing into my
stomach. When it was over. I thanked him for giving me what I deserved, and
asked him if could show him how sorry I was, by giving him relief to the bulge
in his trousers. No sooner that he had said, "yes," I unzipped him and took him
in my mouth. He has good staying power because it took me nearly 10 minutes to
get him to cum. I kept sucking until he had gone soft.

The good weather didn't hold, and by Thursday, we were getting thunderstorms.
Half way through the Thursday night, I went into Jon's room, and ask if I could
get into bed with him. As usual for the middle of the night he just grunted and
went back to sleep. I woke up next morning, with Jon on top of me, holding my
wrists above my head, and pumping in and out of me. It's a brilliant way to wake
up.

Saturday May 16
It was now 3 weeks since I started my new job, and after breakfast, Jon sat me
down and asked me what my feelings were. He said that I should speak freely, and
that nothing I said would be the cause of any punishment. I told him all about
the thought that I had had the previous Saturday morning. He seemed pleased, but
said that I should get out more on my days off, and meet a few people. He also
suggested that I start looking for a part-time job, and asked me what I would
like to do. I said that I wouldn't mind working in a pub for a couple of nights,
or in a clothes shop for a couple of days a week. Jon said that we would go to
the little dress shop where we had had some fun in, and ask the girl there if
she knew of any jobs going.

Jon told me that he was pleased with the progress that I was making with my new
life style, but was a little disappointed in the lack of mistakes that I was
making. I then told him that I was his to do as he pleased, and if that meant
punishing me for no reason, then I would not complain. He could use me as and
when he wanted, for anything he wanted. I told him that my only concern was that
he would allow other men to abuse my body, and that I wanted to keep it for him
alone. I was then told that I had no need to worry on that count, there were too
many unpleasant diseases around for him to risk getting one. Jon also told me
that he was going to be away on business a few times over the next few months,
and that we might even go on holiday abroad in the summer. I am really looking
forward to that, I have never been abroad before and now understood why Jon had
me send in a passport application form.

After the talk, I cleaned up, put a dress on, and we went into town. When we got
to the centre of the Shopping Centre, Jon told me to go to the little dress shop
where Kelly worked, and ask her if she knew of any jobs going. I was then to go
to the market and get some material and a pattern for a Tennis dress. I was the
to meet him back where we were, in two hours. I was pleased to see that Kelly
was on her own in the clothes shop. She told me that she didn't know about any
jobs, but would ask around. We started chatting, and before I knew it, I was
telling her all about Jon and my job. As I was telling her, I happened to notice
that her nipples were pushing out the front of her cotton dress. After about 15
minutes, she said that she had come across a dress that made her think of me,
and had put it to one side, in case I came in again.  She asked me if I had time
to try it on, and when I said OK, she told me to go into the changing cubicle
and that she would bring it into me. As I went into the cubicle, I saw her turn 
the 'open' sign on the door, and lock it.

I took my dress and shoes off and waited for her. After a couple of minutes, she
came round the corner with this white dress, well, the front and back of a
dress, the sides consisted of what I can only describe as 'shoe laces', all the
way up. As she was helping lace it up, she said that she really liked the dress,
and thought about buying it herself. I said that she would look good in it, and
asked if she had tried it on. She hadn't, so I said she should, and why not try
it after me. She said OK, and continued lacing. When she had finished, I said
that I liked it, but would have to let Jon see it first. With that, Kelly
started unlacing me. After the dress was off, she hung it up, and then asked me
to help her out of her dress. This surprised me a little, but I started un-doing
the buttons down her front. When I was near her breasts, she suddenly turned,
brushing her left breast on my hand. She wasn't wearing a bra. When it was all
undone, Kelly just let it drop to the floor, revealing that she too had no
knickers on. There were now 2 naked women stood inched apart. We both just stood
there looking up and down each other. She didn't have any pubic hair either, and
there was something between her legs, but I couldn't see what.

Kelly broke the silence by giving my right breast a quick squeeze and saying
"come on, I can't keep the shop closed for long."  Helping her pull the dress
on, I had to bend down, and with her legs being slightly apart, I could see that
the 'something' between her legs were in fact 2 gold rings about the size of
wedding rings. One in each lip. I asked her about them, and she said that she
had had them done last year, and that they added more possibilities to her
sexual pleasure. She spread her legs wider to give me a better look. "What do
you think?" she asked me. "Nice idea" I said, "but I bet that it hurt like
hell."  "It was worth it" she said. All this time my face was right in front of
her shaved pussy, and I could smell her, see her lips getting bigger, and the
juices appearing. I just couldn't help myself, I just kissed her mons, and slid
my hand up her leg. She pulled the dress off, pulled me to my feet, and gave me
a long French kiss. My right hand had never left her pussy, and was probing deep
into her with absolutely no resistance. The kissing and groping went on for a
while before there was a knocking on the shop door. That shook us, and Kelly
said, "not the time or the place" and started putting her dress on. 
  
As we walked from the changing rooms, I told her that I would talk to Jon about
the dress, and she said that she would let me know if she found-out anything
about a job. With that, Kelly opened the door, and I was off.

In the market, I found what I was looking for and went back to where I was
meeting Jon. He wasn't there yet, so I say on a bench and waited. Not wanting to
have crossed legs when he returned, I put the shopping bags on my knees. When he
finally arrived, he just said, "come on," grabbed my hand, and pulled me up.
From there, we went to the kids department in C&A, and I had to pick the right
size school blouse, tie, pleated skirt, and white ankle socks. These were in the
colours of a big school in town.  On the way out, Jon reminded me that all my
dresses and skirts had to be no longer than 5" below my pussy. He also told me
to wash the blouse a lot of times to get rid of the 'starchiness' and make it
thinner.  Nothing else of any real interest happened that day, we didn't even go
out that evening.

Sunday May 17
Went to the Gym again, and I had to wear my white lycra shorts and top. I felt
funny wearing something over my pussy. Jon made me work real hard, and I got
quite a sweat on. The leg stretch wide machine was interesting, and I'm sure
that a couple of men that were looking, could see my lips creeping out from the
2" crotch. I enjoyed the exercise cycle again, and by the time that I got off,
the 2"  of crotch was deep in between my lips, the short, shorts were revealing
the bottoms of my cheeks, and both shorts and top were wet with sweat. A couple
of the men and a teenage girl were all staring at me when we went out. I'm sure
that there would have been more men looking at me, if they hadn't been so
engrossed in their own workouts.

We went swimming after that, and Jon told me to go like I was. The pool was
reasonable quiet, with only a few young teenagers in there. After we had done a
couple of lengths, Jon lifted me out, and sat me on the side. I looked down, and
my white lycra clothes were virtually transparent. I jumped back in and told
Jon. He said that in that case, I might as well take the shorts off. Not wanting
to hesitate, I took them off, and gave them to Jon. He then made me swim another
couple of lengths before we went over to the 'bubble' machine. I got some funny
looks from the teenagers, but I don't think that they were sure of what they
were seeing. After all, I was under water. The 'bubble' machine was nice, all
those bubbles erupting from the bottom of the pool. I'm sure that if I had
stayed longer, I would have cum. Jon gave me my shorts, and told me to meet him
in the spa. Good, I thought, more bubbles. When I got in, he asked me for my
shorts again. When I gave them to him, he put them on the side behind his head,
and then put his costume on top of them. It was a good job that there was no one
else there, as I then had to sit in his lap while he fucked me. It was a bit
painful to start off with, but once he got in, it was good. We managed to look
'innocent' for quite a while, even when two of the teenage girls joined us. If
only they had known, and how they missed seeing our shorts, I will never know. I
didn't manage to cum, but Jon did. All this time, the girls were busy chatting,
and just ignored us. I got 'off' Jon and sat beside him, with my chest out of
the water. When one of the boys came and joined the girls, he couldn't take his
eyes off my breasts. I may as well have been completely naked. Jon slid our
shorts back into the water, and we put them on. When we got out, I stepped from
the bottom to the top, so that I had to take a big step. This really made the
boys eyes open. I think I had made his day. I bet he didn't get anything like
that sight from either if the girls he was with.

We went into the steam room and lay on the bench, and I ended up with my feet
facing a man that was in there. If there hadn't been so much steam, then he
would have got a right eye full, but that didn't stop me getting excited
thinking about it.  




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing May 18
On the Monday, Kelly rang. I was her day off, and she had some news for me. She
asked if she could come round. Remembering that Jon had said that it was OK to
have friends round, I said yes. I was doing the vacuum cleaning in the nude when
the door bell rang. Without even thinking, I opened the front door to see Kelly.
"It's a good job it was me at the door and not the Postman" she said. It was
only then that I remembered my state of dress. "Jon likes me to be in the nude
as much as possible, even when he's not around" I said, "besides, I've got used
to being like this, and I even get a bit of a thrill doing all the housework
without any clothes on."  "Well, that's just fine by me" Kelly replied.  As we
were drinking coffee, Kelly told me her news, a Shoe Shop just round the corner
from her shop was looking for a part-time assistant, Thursdays and Fridays, but
I needed to go and see them as soon as possible. I said that I would talk to
Jon, and if he was agreeable, then I would go there in the morning.

After the coffee, Kelly asked me if she could have a look around the house. I
had shown her every room but the 'punishment' room and started back down stairs.
Kelly said, "what's in this room?" I blushed a little, and told her what I
called the room. She said that she MUST see inside, and opened the door. Inside,
she asked me what Jon used to tie me to all the rings that were all over the
ceiling and walls, I opened a draw, and let her look. She picked up a the
handcuffs and then the tawse and said, "I bet you have a lot of fun with these,
can I try them?" Before I could reply, she grabbed my wrists and put the cuffs
on me and pushed me onto the bed. I just lay there as she pulled her dress off.
She was then as naked as me. She climbed onto the bed, and holding my arms above
my head, climbed on top of me, one knee on either side of my chest. I wasn't
struggling, so she let go of my arms, held my head and kissed me. We tried to
swallow each other's tongues for a few minutes before turning round and
spreading my legs. She looked down and said, "Wow, what a clit, I'm going to
enjoy this as much as you are". With that, she was sucking my clit and pushing
her tongue into my hole.  This was the first time that a woman had done that to
me, and I have to say that I was enjoying it, So much so that when I opened my
eyes and saw her shaved pussy and those rings, right in front of my face, I
reached up and started licking her pussy. Her clit wasn't as big as mine, but
her lips seemed to be bigger. Maybe it was something to do with the rings, or
maybe she was just VERY aroused. She was certainly wet enough. I came first, and
had trouble concentrating on what I was doing with my mouth. A couple of minutes
later, she came too. I have never heard another woman have an orgasm before, and
was a little surprised at how much she screamed and moaned. She collapsed beside
me, and we both laid there for a few minutes. I didn't know what to say, I had
enjoyed it, but it wasn't as intense as when Jon punished me, then fucked me.
Kelly got up first, put her dress on, and started walking towards the door. As
she reached the door, she turned and said, "That was good, must do it again
sometime." With that she was gone. I just had time to get the cuffs of and take
a shower before Jon came home.

That evening, I told Jon about the job, and he agreed to me taking it, if
offered. There was only one condition, and that was that I was to stick to his
rules about dress code. I told him that that was just fine with me.

Tuesday morning, I put my least revealing dress on and went to the Shoe Shop. I
got the job, and was given a skirt and blouse to wear, and told to be back there
on Thursday morning. I also bought a pattern and some material for a Tennis
Dress that Jon had told me to get. He also told me about some 'alterations' that
I had to make to the style. When I got home the sun was out, so I decided to
spent the rest of the day starting an all-over tan in the back garden.  At the
bottom of the garden, there was a 3 rung open fence, the open fields, and there
was only one small part of the back garden that was over-looked, and that was by
a house that Jon told me had only an old man living in it. Apparently his wife
had died a couple of years ago. I was still laid out on the patio when Jon got
back from work. "Like sun-bathing Vanessa?" he asked. "Yes Master" I replied.
"Well then, after you have got me some food, you can spend another couple of
hours laid on the grass further down the garden."

Half an hour later, I was laid spread-eagle on a sheet of polythene while Jon
was tying my wrists and ankles to fence posts, bushes and trees. Anything he
could find to keep me spread wide. He then got the garden hose, disconnected the
sprinkler, and proceeded to play with my clit until I was wet enough for him to
push the hose into my hole. It didn't take long. He moved it in and out until I
was close to cuming, then stopped and then went and turned the tap on a little.
Wow, what a feeling. As the water trickled in to me, the pressure building up
made me cum. As I started to calm down, the pressure kept going up, and I felt
like I was going to burst and started struggling. Jon propped something under my
head, so that I could see my swollen belly, then quickly pulled the hose out. If
I hadn't of seen it for myself, I wouldn't have believe it, the water shot out
of me, and went about 15 feet. Jon said that we were going to do that again, but
the next time, I had to try to hold the water in, and then squirt it out a bit
at a time, on command. By the third time I had got the hang of it. Jon untied me
and I stood up, and tried again. I had really got the hang of it, and could
direct it by leaning my body. Jon said that it was a nice little 'party trick'.    

Thursday saw me going into the Shoe Shop at 11 o'clock. I had shortened the
skirt to Jon's 'approved' length, and I got a look of disapproval from the
Manager but she didn't say anything. I was shown the ropes, and it wasn't long
before I served my first customer. As I was squatting down to help this woman, I
suddenly realised that I was in the ideal position to flash my pussy to the
customers. I would have to be very selective, but this could be fun. I was a
little disappointed to find that I hadn't found one suitable person before the
end of the day. In fact it was the Friday afternoon before a young man asked me
to help him. Instead of squatting down with my knees facing sideways, I let them
face him, and kept them a few inches apart. At first he didn't notice, but then
I knew he had, because a bulge started to appear in his trousers. After I had
finished fastening the shoes, I asked him if they were alright. He said that
they were too tight and could he try a size larger. I nearly asked him if he
meant shoes or trousers. When I got back with the larger size, I kept my knees
even further apart and gave him a better look. He really took his time deciding
if the shoes fitted.  Fortunately, or unfortunately, he decided that the second
pair fitted, bought them and left.    

Saturday May 23
Nothing special happened today, Jon had to go to work, so I was on my own until
early evening. When he did get back, he was so tired that he fell asleep in
front of the TV. I spent part of the day making the Tennis dress from the
material that I bought earlier in the week.

Sunday May 24
We went to a different Sports Centre in the morning, and Jon taught me to play
Badminton and Squash. The squash was hard work, and no one saw me when I had to
stretch up for a high shot, but the Badminton was different, the court was one
of many in a big hall. I don't know which was more embarrassing, bending at the
knees and risking someone seeing between them, or bending at the waist and
risking someone seeing my bottom or my breasts. Jon's 'alterations' were to make
the front lower, and the arm holes a lot bigger. The worst came when I slipped
going for a shot, and went full length face down on the floor. I didn't hurt
myself, but I'm sure the view from behind must have been 'interesting'.

In the afternoon, we went for a walk in a local park. I had to wear Ben and the
progress was slow. When we were in a wooded part, Jon told me to take my dress
off, and he had me up against a tree. I didn't need any encouragement because of
the effects of Ben and I didn't even take them out when he fucked me. I was a
bit worried when he pulled me down onto the ground and we went into what Jon
told me was the '69' position. I didn't want him to swallow one of my balls. His
mouth and teeth sucked and dug into my clit and hole as I sucked him clean. I
think we both came at about the same time.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing May 25
At work on the Thursday, I had 'flashed' 2 men and one young woman. Older women
just don't do anything for me at all.

Friday was a bad day and a good day. I got sacked at the end of the day. The
manager said that she didn't think I was suitable for the job. I think that she
was jealous of the attention that I got from some of the customers. The good
thing was that I had worn Ben all day, and it wouldn't surprise me if I had been
dripping my juices when I squatted-down in front of the only 2 customers (1
twice) that I served that day. One woman about my age, and a middle aged man.
The woman didn't buy any shoes, but came back about an hour later and tried-on
about 6 pairs. I kept getting glimpses of her knickers, and each time, the wet
patch was getting bigger. The man didn't know where to look. I got the
impression that he wanted to look, but felt as though he shouldn't. Poor man.
Jon wasn't worried that I had been sacked, and I'd certainly had some fun.

Saturday May 30
The most memorable event of that Saturday was in the Evening. Jon had me put on
just a T-shirt and shoes and took me to a swimming pool up the Motorway. All the
way there, I was thinking that I was sure that I hadn't seen him pack any swim
suites, just towels. As we walked into the entrance, I knew I was right, and why
we didn't need them, everyone was naked. There must have been over a hundred
naked people, all of different ages, men and women, boys and girls. I saw quite
a number of people who had also shaved their pubic hair off, and one woman with
metal rings in her labia, just like Kelly. There were some really gross looking
people. It was then that I realised that clothes were not just to keep us warm
and look 'pretty', they were there to cover the fat ugly lumps. I had to admire
some of those people, if I had a body like some of those, then I could NEVER
take my clothes off. Anyway, that apart, I found it a very relaxing, natural
evening. There was almost nothing sexual about it at all. Well, there wouldn't
have been except that I was wearing Ben, and that had caused my lips to be
swollen and open. I couldn't stop looking at the hundreds of cocks. I've never
seen so many, of every different shape and size.  

It was so natural, swimming in the nude, and being able to relax doing it. The
last time Jon made me swim with no bottoms on, I was so nervous and excited, but
I suppose that that was the chance of being caught. The water-slides were fun,
all that water being forced, at speed, against my pussy.

On the way home, I told Jon that I had really enjoyed myself, and asked if we
could go again.  Jon told me that we would, and that we would also go on other
Naturist events like walking, camping and holidays to warm places. This made me
really happy, and to show it, I asked him if I could, then I leaned over,
unzipped him and gave him a blow-job.

Sunday May 31
This day was very quiet, that was because I was tied-up (literally) for most of
the day. After breakfast, Jon told me not to bother to put a dress on, because I
wouldn't need it. He told me to 'assume the position', and I had to wait like
that for ages. When he did let me get up, my legs were so numb that I could
hardly stand. I had to follow him up to the 'punishment room', and lay
spread-eagle on the bed. I was then tied to each corner using thick cotton rope.
After that, Jon put the ball-gag and blind-fold on me. At the time, I didn't
know what he was doing next, all I could feel was the bed bouncing up and down,
as if he was walking on it. Then I started to feel something touching my pussy,
it was touching me, then not, then again. I had no idea what it was until it
stopped moving, then rested just touching me. The bouncing on the bed stopped,
then I realised what it was, just as soon as Jon switched it on. It was a vibe.
Jon had suspended it from the ceiling, and it was just touching my pussy AND
vibrating. The next things that I heard were the bedroom door closing, then
Jon's car engine start, so I presumed that he had gone out and left me. After
about 10 minutes, I started to get a bit excited and wet. As I started to get
higher, I was getting really frustrated, I could feel the vibe, but it was
outside me. I wanted it in me, and there was nothing I could do, I tried to
shuffle my body as much as I could, but with it being suspended, it just moved
as I did. I was getting desperate for it, and I could do nothing. This was worse
than getting spanked, or even the cane.  Eventually, I came, and came again. The
next thing I remember was Jon opening the door and untying me. I just grabbed
the vibe, and pushed it right in. The relief was fantastic. As I got off the
bed, I noticed a big wet patch on the bed, where my butt had been. I guess my
juices really had been flowing. 
 
That night, Jon took me to a quiet country pub, and bought me too many drinks.
By the time it was getting to closing time, I was a little drunk, and Jon had to
help me walk out. I haven't a clue if any of the other customers saw my bum or
pussy, I just wasn't thinking, and I can't remember.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing June 1
A quiet week, starting with a headache. Nothing special happened, and I spent a
fair bit of time on Jon's PC bringing this journal up to date.

Saturday June 6
Jon seems determined to get me fit and Jon took me for another bike ride. This
time though, I had to use the other bike, the one with a hole in the saddle. I
didn't know what the hole was for - until then, but knowing Jon as I have
learned to, I should have guessed. Just before we set off, Jon got the butt
plug, and pushed it up through the hole. Jon then told me to make sure that it
was in my vagina when I got on. We set off, and I just hoped that I didn't have
to get off in a hurry.

We cycled out of the suburbs, and into the country. The saddle was a bit painful
to start with, but after a while (and my juices had stated to flow), I started
to enjoy it, and really started peddling fast. Jon told me to slow down before I
got too tired to ride home. We stopped at a pub for some lunch before cycling
home. There was quite a 'plop' as I got off the bike, and the bike got a few
funny looks and smiles from the locals while we were having lunch on a table
outside. By the time I got home, I was really desperate for it, and pleaded with
Jon to fuck me while we were still in the garage. He did, then told me to go and
sit on the fence at the bottom of the garden for 30 minutes as a punishment for
being so persistent with my pleading. Oh, forgot to say that I took my dress off
in the garage before he fucked me, so I was in the nude.  I got a splinter in my
butt while sat on the fence, and had to ask Jon to remove it. You should have
seem him laugh.

Sunday June 7
Jon thought that we would go to a swimming pool somewhere different today, so we
drove to a small town towards Birmingham. We went to the sauna first, and that
had separate changing rooms. Jon told me to wear just a towel and meet him out
the other end of the changing rooms. When I got there, there was a big room with
a relaxation area at one end, and a small workout area at the other end. When
Jon came out, we went into the large sauna and sat on one of the benches. There
was one other couple in there to start off with, but shortly afterwards, a group
of 5 teenagers (3 boys and 2 girls) came in. The teenagers all wore swimming
costumes, but the other couple looked as if they just had towels on. Everyone
sat in silence until I whispered to Jon that my feet were cold. As I was sat at
one end of a bench and there was still lots of room, Jon told me to lift my legs
up, turn sideways, and put my feet on the bench. This left me with my knees
bent, and my feet near my butt. I thought about what I might be showing, but Jon
was the next person along the bench, so someone would have to lean over him if
they wanted to look between my legs. The teenagers started talking about their
previous night in the pub and I stopped listening. I was looking at Jon, and
thinking that this was different to our previous weekends swimming, when I
realised that one of the teenage boys on the bench opposite was whispering to
one of his mates. He in turn whispered to the other boy, and they kept glancing
over towards me. At first, I didn't take any notice of them, but then I realised
that they were diagonally opposite me, and although they couldn't see my pussy
by looking between my legs, they could see it by looking between my thigh and
ankle. I decided not to notice, and whispered to Jon to tell him what was going
on. He whispered that he had realised, and that the teenage girls, who were
opposite him, were trying to look up his towel. With that, he turned his head
towards me, and opened his knees. I was looking at one of the girls, and her
eyes opened wide. I wanted to get a better reaction from the boys, so I
'shuffled down' a bit, giving them a better view. After a few more minutes, the
heat was getting too much for me, and I asked Jon if we could get out.

We went round the back of the sauna, where there are a couple of showers facing
each other, both with tatty old curtains. We both had a shower, and I noticed
that Jon had a semi erection.  Just as I was about to turn the shower off, the
other couple that had been in the sauna came round the corner, and could clearly
see both of us. I smiled at them, turned the shower off, and put my towel round
me, and then looked at Jon. He had just turned his shower off, and pulled what
was left of the curtain back, to be confronted by the woman, who was looking
down at his semi. No one said anything, and Jon wrapped his towel round his
waist, and we went into the relaxation area. We got a drink of water, and went
and lay on 2 of the 'sun' loungers. There was no one else there, but there were
some newspapers, so Jon threw one to me. We were both laid there, with papers on
our bent up knees that weren't together, when the teenagers came in and sat on
the other beds talking. I could see from the corner of my eye that they were all
quickly glancing over to us, then back, but non of them said anything to, or
about us, so I didn't move. I looked up at Jon once, his knees were about a foot
apart, so he must have been showing as much as me. After about 5 minutes, Jon
put his paper down, and said, "come on, we're going for a swim."   "Grab your
clothes, and meet me at the entrance to the changing rooms." As I went into the
Ladies changing room, I stopped after going through the door, and held it open a
bit. I could hear the teenagers saying things like "did you see that?"   "They
didn't have any pubic hair" and "he had an erection". One of the boys said, "did
you see the size of her clit?" This made me pleased, and I let go of the door,
collected my things from the locker, and went to meet Jon.

Back in the corridor, I noticed a door that had a sign on it 'Swimmers Changing
Room'. We both went in, and it was one big room with about a dozen changing
cubicles, and 3 small rooms off the main room. These 3 rooms were communal
changing rooms that were presumably for school groups during the week. There
were a couple of young girls in one of them, and Jon told me to follow him into
that one. Just as we went in, the girls closed their lockers and went out. Jon
told me to put my white bikini on while he put his brief costume on.  We went
into the pool, and swam around and used the little slide a few times. There
weren't many people there, and no one took any notice of the fact that my bikini
was virtually transparent, and that my pussy lips were having trouble staying
covered. Jon did pin me against the side once, and finger-fucked me for a while.
I didn't quite have an orgasm, but I was close. While Jon was doing that, I was
wanking him, and I managed to get him to cum.  There was a young pool attendant
wandering around keeping an eye on the swimmers, but he never even glanced at me
when I walked passed him to use the slide. I think he might have been gay.

When we went to get changed, there were 3 boys of about 12 or 13 there, just
starting to get dressed. Jon whispered to me to give them a show, so took my
bikini off, faced them, and slowly stated drying myself, taking my time drying
my hair. All this time, they were really taking their time packing their bags,
and looking at me. When I had finished my hair, I looked at them and said, "what
are you looking at, haven't you seen a naked woman before?" Only one of them
managed to open his mouth and say "Nnnnnoooooo." With that I walked up to them,
put one leg on the bench and said, "go on then, have a good look." They looked
at each other, then moved closer to me. They even bent down to have a close look
at my pussy. All this time, Jon was stood at the door, to make sure that no one
else came into the room. I said to the boys "go on, you can touch me there" so
they did. One of them was even brave enough to push his finger in me. After a
minute or so, Jon said that there was someone coming and the boys hurriedly
picked up their bags, and left. Jon had just said that to get rid of the boys,
and then told me to go and take a shower. Not wishing to argue that I had just
dried myself, I grabbed my towel and went to the showers. These were cubicles
with doors on. I shut the door, but didn't lock it, hung my towel on the back of
the door, and turned the shower on.  After a couple of minutes, the door
suddenly opened, and a middle-aged man started to come in. I turned to look what
the noise was, and we both stood there facing each other. I didn't attempt to
cover myself, and the man looked me up and down, said he was sorry, and left.

When I got back to the changing room, Jon was there waiting. As I was drying my
hair, the 2 teenage girls from the sauna came in and saw me. I don't think that
they had seen Jon because they started taking their swimsuit off and drying
themselves. One of them kept glancing at me as I faced them naked, drying my
hair. Jon must have moved slightly or something, because one of them suddenly
jumped and grabbed for her towel and said to her friend "there's a man over
there." The second towel came out quickly. Jon then told me that he would wait
for me outside, and left. I finished drying myself, with the 2 girls watching me
as they got dressed. Once dry, I got my Ben Wa balls from my bag, rolled them in
my hands to warm them, then put one leg on the bench and put them in me. The
look on the girl's faces was a picture. It didn't change when I put just my
dress on, and walked out.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing June 8
Nothing much happened early in the week, but Jon came home from work at
lunch-time on the Friday, and said that we were going camping for the weekend. I
had never been camping before, and had never been in the Girl Guides, so I had
no idea what was involved. We packed the car and set off. We drove to a camp
site just outside Blackpool, and we put the tent up and unloaded the car. After
that, we walked to the nearest pub for a drink. This was full of teenagers, and
I felt a bit 'old' being there. No one seemed to notice my short dress and
un-crossed legs. I suppose that it was because there were dozens of young girls
there, most of them with skirts just as short, or even shorter than mine. Back
at the camp site I made some coffee, and we went to bed. There was only one
sleeping bag, a double, so I climbed in with Jon, and snuggled-up to keep us
warm. Jon's hands started wandering, and it wasn't long before we were fucking.  

Saturday June 13
I woke up early, probably the hard ground, and started licking and sucking Jon's
cock. I wanted him to wake up feeling good. It didn't take long for him to get a
hard-on, but I couldn't get him to cum. I had to climb on top and 'ride' him for
ages before he would cum and then open his eyes. I think that he had been awake
for a while, but he didn't say anything.

When it came to getting up, Jon sent me to the Shower Block wearing just a
towel. A group of lads whistled at me, and said a few things like "Can I dry my
hands on your towel please?" and "She can share my sleeping bag anytime," but I
didn't respond. In the Shower Block the showers weren't working, and I had to
have a good wash in a sink. To do that, I took the towel off, and stood there in
the nude whilst washing with a face cloth. While doing that, 3 women came in to
get washed, 1 of them totally ignored me, but the other 2 took every opportunity
to stare at me, so I made a big deal of washing my breasts and pussy. I put one
leg on the sink, spreading my pussy as I did so, and slowly washed every nook
and cranny. The 2 women had a really good look and only left when I wrapped the
towel round me.  Back at the tent, I put a dress on and started cooking
breakfast while Jon went and got washed. I was a bit jealous when he told me the
men's showers were working and thought about using them that night. I hadn't
thought about it before, but when you're camping, all the cooking is done near
the ground, so I was squatting down most of the time. The young lads in the next
tent took a long time to get ready to leave for the day. I have to say that I
didn't do anything to discourage them, on the contrary, I kept doing things
between my legs when I was squatted down.

After breakfast Jon decided that we would go to the Fun Fair for the day. I had
a great time, especially the rides where we went fast through the air. My dress
kept flying up in the air, and I was enjoying every minute of it. There was a
place there which was full of mirrors that made you look funny shapes, and one
with that picture of Marilyn Monroe with the wind blowing her white dress up,
next to it. I didn't see the relevance of that till I stood in front of it and a
fan suddenly started. My dress was a relatively lose full one, and before I knew
it, it was up round my arm pits. I just reacted and pulled it down and held it
to my sides. Jon told me that that action would cost me. He told me that I had
to walk back in front of the mirror when the next 2 groups of people came round
the corner. I wasn't to do anything with my arms, but count to 5, and then walk
off the fan, and let my dress fall down on its own. Well, the first group was
couple in their late teens. The boy just stopped and smiled, and the girl
gasped, and then stared. The second group was a middle-aged couple with 2 sons
about 12 or 13. When the boys saw me they sniggered and pointed to me. The
parents didn't see me until it was nearly too late, and I don't think it had
time to register with them. Well there wasn't any reaction at all.

When we got back to the camp site I cooked us some food, and then told Jon I was
going for a shower. This time I wasn't going to miss out and went to the men's
showers. There was no one in there when I went in, so I went into the shower
cubicle, and started my shower. The cubicles were very small, and the coat hooks
were outside, so I had to leave my towel out there. To make sure that anyone who
came in knew that I was there I started singing. When the water stopped, I just
opened the door and stepped out, not knowing if there was anyone there or not.
There was, 2 of the young men that had been making silly remarks that morning. 
I just ignored them, slowly drying myself. That didn't stop them watching my
every move, and making a few more remarks.

We walked to the pub at the end of the road that night, and we both had a 4
pints of lager. I had a few people give me looks of either disapproval, or
delight as I sat there with short skirt and un-crossed legs. We had one game of
Pool near closing time, and I know that 2 or 3 people got a good look at my
butt. I didn't care because Pool is one game that I was good at back in Wales.
We played a lot in the pubs, there was nothing else to do. I was leading for
most of the game, but decided that I had better let Jon win, so I deliberately
missed a ball.

Back in the tent, I took the initiative, and climbed on Jon as soon as he got
into the sleeping bag. Sometime in the middle of the night, I needed a pee and
climbed out of the tent without putting a dress on. I just went behind the tent,
squatted down, and let rip. As I was about to get up, I noticed a youth get out
of the next tent, go round the back and have a pee. He had no clothes on either.
I waited until he was in full flow, then got up and walked round the front. He
didn't hear me until I was next to him and I said, "nice out tonight isn't it?"
I didn't wait for an answer, and didn't get one, I think he was too embarrassed.

Sunday June 14
Next morning, I had similar fun with the shower, only there were more men in
there. As I came out of the cubicle, There were 2 men having a pee, and another
getting washed. That one said that I should be in the ladies next door. I just
said that the showers in there were not working, and carried on getting dried. I
think that one of the men having a pee was a bit flustered because when he
turned round, he had a wet patch on his trousers, he'd peed on himself.  After
breakfast, we went for a walk, I think that it was for Jon to walk-off his
hang-over. After that, we packed the car and headed for home. On the way, we
pulled off the Motorway and had a pub Sunday Lunch at a posh Hotel.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing June 15
Nothing special except for one of the young lads in Tescos staring at me as I
leaned over the freezers, and followed me around the rest of the store.

Saturday June 20
We went into town in the morning, and Jon bought a new suit, but nothing for me.
In the afternoon, Jon told me to pack my white bikini, a pair of his briefs, and
a couple of towels. We drove North to a sports centre in a large village
somewhere or other. There was a small swimming pool, a sauna and spa, a football
pitch, and a cricket pitch. We went to the sauna and spa. It was quite small and
grotty, with only one changing room, with no door. One side of the changing room
was an outside wall, made of wood. The whole place looked at least 30 years old,
and it looked as if it hadn't had any repairs or decorating for 10 years. The
wooden wall was going rotten, and had a couple of holes about the size of my
fist, through the rotten wood at the bottom. I took my dress off, and was about
to put my bikini on, when Jon said, "don't bother with that, there's no one else
here, and not likely to be." We both walked nude into the sauna and lay on the
benches. After about 10 minutes, a couple of girls about 14 came into the room.
The had their swimsuits on, and had obviously come from the swimming pool to
have a look. They saw us, and then went round the back. I could hear them
talking to each other. One was saying that she had been in a sauna on holiday in
Spain where people didn't wear anything, and she asked the other girl if they
should take their costumes off, and come in. After a bit of debate, they
chickened-out, and left.

After a while, we went out, and into the spa. Just as we had settled-down, up to
our necks in bubbles, 2 women about my age came in and went and got changed.
They came out of the changing room wearing bikinis which was a disappointment.
They climbed into the spa, which meant that it was full. After a while, the
bubbles stopped, and the water cleared. I could see Jon's cock, so I assume that
the women could as well, but neither of them reacted. The bubbles started again,
and when they stopped again, Jon told me that we were going back into the sauna.
We both got out, and walked into the sauna. I could hear one of the women say
that she didn't know that the place was a clothing optional place. The other
woman said that she didn't either, and that they should come into the sauna to
have another look. Jon smiled, and I could see his cock swell a little. We were
laid on the bottom bench when they came in, and sat on the top bench. They kept
looking at us, particularly Jon who by then had a semi, and when Jon caught
their eye, they smiled back, but said nothing. After a while, we went back into
the spa, and I sat on Jon's lap while he fucked me. Fortunately, or
unfortunately, the 2 women didn't come out of the sauna until after he had cum,
and I had climbed off. They joined us in the spa for one more session of bubbles
before leaving carrying their clothes. I presumed that they were going for a
swim.

When we went to get changed, we could hear voices, and Jon looked out of one of
the holes in the wall. There was a game of cricket going on, and there were a
few kids just on the other side of the wall. As I was drying myself, I noticed
that the beam of sunlight through one of the holes had gone. I looked over to
the hole, and saw an eye looking in. We were both still naked at that point, and
when I whispered to Jon, he told me to sit opposite the hole with my legs open,
and to play with myself. Jon carefully looked out of another one of the holes
and saw a boy and a girl of about 11 or 12 taking it in turns to look in. Jon
came and sat next to me, opened his legs, and got me to use my other hand to
wank him. I kept this up until I came, he had already cum, and I finished myself
of with 2 hands. All the time, I kept looking at the hole, and kept seeing the
eyes change. As soon as I had finished, Jon told me to get dressed, we were
leaving.

Sunday June 21
I dropped a plate when I was doing the washing-up after breakfast, and Jon
immediately put me over his knee, and gave me 20 slaps. Again, after each slap,
I had to count them, and then say "Thank you Master."  After that, we went to
the Gym, and I wore my white shorts and top.  There was one young man there who
obviously wasn't taking his workout too seriously, as he kept looking at me.
That made my nipples very hard, which made him look even more. The exercise bike
was enjoyable again. After the Gym, we went into the swimming pool, me in my
white bikini, and Jon in a semi see-through pair of briefs, and only did a
couple of lengths before Jon said it was time to go. Jon didn't even want me to
try to excite any of the men there, which was a bit of a disappointment. As soon
as we got home Jon said he had to go out and didn't return until late that
evening.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing June 22
On the Wednesday a lorry reversed into out drive way, and a man unloaded some
scaffolding. I thought that I had better not answer the door without any clothes
on, and put a dress on before signing for the delivery. Jon hadn't told me that
that they were coming, and I had no idea what they were for. That night, Jon had
me carry them round the back of the house.

Saturday June 27
After breakfast, Jon told me to help him with the scaffolding poles. We built
what was a bit like a big bed, but about 10 foot long and six foot wide, but
there were only 2 cross members, there was one missing from one of the ends. Jon
then put some padding on the 2 cross members that looked a bit like some of the
insulation that plumbers put on pipes, but bigger.  He then finished-off by
adding some straps that looked like car seat belts, from side to side, across
the top. At the time, I had no idea what it was for, but I found-out later.
After lunch, Jon told me to go and cover my whole body with sun protection
cream, and then come outside, minus the dress that I was wearing. He then told
me to walk to the middle of the 'bed' and bend over the middle bar, and grab the
top bar. He then proceeded to tie my wrists to the top corners and put one of
the straps under my forehead , and another under my chest, just below my
breasts. I then had to lift my legs one at a time while he tied my ankles to
each of the bottom corners. This left me looking as if I was laying, face down,
on a bed about 3 feet above the ground. The only problem was that the only
things between me and the ground were a bar under my waist, and 2 straps under
my chest and my forehead. This left my pussy easily available for him to just
walk in from the bottom of the 'bed' and do whatever he liked. In a way, it was
quite comfortable.

Jon did take advantage of my position, and gave me a right good humping, and I
couldn't even see him. Later that day, he released me and then tied me back on,
but facing the sky, and humped me again. As soon as he had finished, he put a
butt plug in my hole, and told me to keep it in until I went to bed that night.
This left me full of his sperm. We went to the pub that night, and it was quite
uncomfortable, and I'm sure that one or two people caught a glimpse of the plug. 
   
Sunday June 28
As it was a warm day, Jon decided that we would go for a walk in this large
park. Quite a nice place really, with hills, wooded area, a small lake, acres of
grass, and a golf course. I had to wear the dungaree dress, which, when I was
just stood there, felt as if I had nothing on. The straps were on my shoulders,
and the front rested on the tops of my breasts, but apart from that, there was
no other body contact, and when I looked down at the sides of my waist, I could
see right down the inside to the ground. We walked for ages, enjoying the warm
weather, and ended-up in the wooded area. This had some open areas in it, with
grass and picnic tables. There was an out of the way little are grassed area and
Jon decided that we could improve our all-over tan, After we had been laying
there for awhile I fell asleep and the next thing I knew there was a couple of
teenage boys riding their bikes straight at me. They managed to miss me, and
disappeared into the trees. I stood up, and looked for Jon. But couldn't see
him. I put my dress on and went and sat at the picnic table and waited. I didn't
have to wait long before he came out of the trees fastening his zip.  

We went home, covered ourselves with sun tan lotion, and spent the afternoon
sunbathing in the back garden. Jon told me to keep my legs wide open so that the
insides of my legs didn't stay white.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing June 29
Jon went away on the Tuesday morning, and didn't come home until the Friday
evening.

Nothing interesting happened that week, even the trip to the supermarket was
boring.

Saturday July 4
I didn't see much of Jon all that day, he was working on his PC most of the
time. When I asked him what he was doing, he said that he was 'Surfing the Net.'
I hadn't a clue what he was talking about, and asked him to explain. He
wouldn't, saying that he was too busy at the moment, and that he would some
other time.

Sunday July 5
Jon added an extra bit to the scaffolding frame today. This was to the 'open'
end, and consisted of 2 uprights with a bar across the top. After he had
finished, he told me to get the wrist and ankle straps, some rope and a stool
from the kitchen for him. I had to put the wrist and ankle straps on, then stand
on the stool. Jon then tied my wrist to each corner of the top bar, but left
enough slack for me to hold the top bar. He then removed the stool, which left
me hanging there, and then tied my ankles to the bottom corners. This left me
spread-eagle hanging there. I didn't know how long I could hang on, especially
when Jon started flicking my clit. After a while, my strength gave, and I
slipped off, so I was hanging by my wrists. I thought that it would be agony,
but it wasn't too bad. I survived for ages before pleading with Jon to let me
down. I think that the time I was hanging like that was extended by the fact
that Jon was playing with me with a vibrator and his fingers and tongue. A good
orgasm or two takes your mind off pain. Jon really made me plead for a long time
before he let me down, and during that time he took some photographs of me. When
he started with the camera, I said that he would have trouble finding someone to
develop the pictures, but he said that that wouldn't be a problem. When I was
released, he showed my why.

He plugged a lead into the camera and the other end into his PC. In no time at
all, there was me, naked on his PC Monitor. That was new for me, and I asked him
to explain how it all worked.  Jon is very good at explaining things about
computers in simple every day words and I think I understood what he was saying.
He also explained what the Internet is, and some of the things that you can do
on it. He connected the PC to the Internet, and connected to one of the 'chat'
lines. I asked him if I could use the Internet while he was at work, but he said
that it was very addictive, and that long telephone calls during the weekdays
are expensive. He also reminded me that he got itemised telephone bills. Other
than that, I could experiment with it, and teach myself as much as I liked. I
stayed playing with the PC for a while, and before I knew it, it was time for
bed.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing July 6
I took a few photos of myself, and loaded them into the PC on the Monday and
Tuesday. It was strange zooming in on pictures of my own pussy, especially the
ones where I held my lips open. I frigged myself to an orgasm just looking at
the photos. The rest of the week was quite boring, I didn't even manage to get
anyone watching me lean over the freezers in Tosco's.

Saturday July 11
While in town that day, Jon and me searched all over for a theatrical shop. He
didn't tell me why, until we found one, and Jon bought a large tin of black body
paint. We then went all round the clothes shops (except the one that Kelly
worked in - for some strange reason), and eventually found the dress that Jon
was looking for. It was made out of a black, sort of lacy net, and was very
see-through. I then realised what the body paint was for. We went to a pub in
town that night (wearing my white lycra dress, not the new lacy net one), and
while we were there, Jon saw an advert for bar staff on a Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday nights, and asked me if I fancied the job. I thought about it for a
minute, and said that it could be OK, especially as the girls didn't wear
uniforms, and were all quite young.

I didn't get anyone looking at me or trying to grope me when I went to the
toilet that night. It was a bit disappointing in a way, but I suppose it was
because most of the women in the pub were a lot younger than me, and the all
wore skirts just as short, if not shorter than mine.

Sunday July 12
Just to prove that Jon isn't always predictable, after breakfast, Jon painted a
pair of shorts and a top on me, wrapped some polythene round me, and we went to
the university sports field.  The students had left for the summer, and the
place was deserted. We parked right at one end of the car park which was close
to the running track, got out, and started jogging round the running circuit.
Jon was all right in his shorts and vest, but I felt very exposed. Jon said that
you couldn't tell the difference from a distance of about 20 foot away, but
closer than that, and you could start to see that there were no joins in the
material, and could see my crack. We did about 5 circuits and then another car
came into the car park, and a couple of men got out.  They did some warming-up
exercises well a way from the track then started jogging towards us. My heart
was pounding to start with, but when they came towards the track, it went into
over-drive. I thought that I might get away with it, just so long as they didn't
come up behind us, or go the opposite way round. When they did start jogging
round the opposite way to us, I said to Jon "that's it, they are going to
notice." Jon just told me to keep my cool, and act as if they weren't there.
Fortunately, they were running in the outside lane, and we were on the inside,
and when they went passed the first time, they just glanced at us and said,
"good morning." The second time round, one of them looked at me for a long time,
and I'm sure that he was trying to decide on what he had seen. Before the third
time, we pulled off the track, and stopped near the car. Jon told me to do some
stretching exercises on the grass, and 'supervised' while I did all sorts of
aerobic type exercises.

Other people started arriving, and one car load even stopped close to Jon's car.
The 3 girls in it got out, took their track suites off, and walked passed us,
within 6 feet, but didn't even look at me. I was both relieved, and
disappointed, I don't know what I would have done if they had said anything. We
kept the 'aerobics' up for about 5 more minutes, then headed for home.  Being
naked in a place like that, with all those people being so close, had really
turned me on.  On the way back home, I pleaded with Jon to give me some relief,
but he refused, saying that he didn't want to risk getting black paint all over
him, and that I mustn't do anything myself, until we got home, and I'd had a
shower. Once I'd done that, he restrained (that's the word that Jon says I have
to use) me on the scaffolding in the back garden.  He strapped me in, and
fingered me until I was about to cum, then left me for about 30 minutes. Then he
did the same again, and again. By the time I eventually came, I was so desperate
for it that the neighbours must have wondered if there was a noisy party going
on, or someone was getting attacked.

I asked Jon to show me how to get onto the Internet again, and we spent about an
hour 'talking' to someone called Emma16, all about exhibitionism and dares. She
gave Jon a few ideas, and I think that we gave her some. She couldn't make up
her mind about having a 'Master', and said that she would have to think about
it. We exchanged e-mail addresses, so I might write to her.      




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing July 13
I had a quiet week, with nothing really happening, except that I genuinely
forgot to cover-up when I answered the door to the postman on the Thursday
morning. You should have seen his face.

Saturday July 18
At breakfast, I talked to Jon about me having to shave every day. I explained to
him that I wanted to be smooth for him, and that I knew about other ways of
getting that way.  Electrolysis was the obvious way, because it was permanent,
but those machines cost a lot of money, and you need to have a needle stuck in
each hair follicle at least once, sometimes 6 or 7 times. It would take weeks,
and you had to let the hair grow before you could start. Another way, I
explained, was wax strips. These also required a few days growth of hair, but
were very quick. The only problem, was that I didn't know if I could stand the
pain of having it done to my labia. Jon said that I should make enquiries about
electrolysis machines, but not to shave until Wednesday, and to get a supply of
wax strips. He also told me that I was going to get my head hair cut that
morning, and that it was going to be short. In fact I was to get a 'short back
and sides', just like a man.  

When we went to the hairdressers, it brought back lots of memories. Some were
good, but they were all very dull compared with my new life. As I sat there
watching the girl cut off my long, almost blond hair, I thought about the last
couple of months, how I had changed from a boring, dull person, to someone with
confidence. Someone who now liked her body, and wasn't ashamed to show it. I had
to give Jon the credit for that, his dominance was what I needed.  The girl
brought me back to reality asking me how short I wanted it. I looked round, and
saw a man whose hair was no longer than an inch, and I said, "like him." As we
left the hairdressers, Jon smiled at me, and said that with the right clothes
and walk, I could get away with pretending to be a boy. I didn't 't know whether
to take that as a compliment or not.

Sunday July 19
A quiet day really, Jon took me to the Chinese restaurant for lunch, and I had
to wear my white lycra dress. Jon decided that he thought that I had had enough
exercise for the weekend, and that we wouldn't be going to the Gym. Beginning to
get used to my new hair style.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing July 20
By the Monday morning, the hair on my pubes was getting quite noticeable, and
really itching. I all most shaved it off without thinking, but stopped myself
just in time.

Wednesday night was a night that I will remember for a long time. Jon thought
that it would be best to restrain me to the bed, before starting. He also said
that he would start with my lips, because he just knew that I would get very
wet, and he thought that he might have problems with the wax if my lips were
wet. When Jon whipped the first strip off, the pain was just as bad as when Jon
had caned me, and the end of the cane had hit my clit. I screamed, and Jon asked
me if I wanted the ball-gag. I said, "No, as long as you don't mind the noise."
He reminded me that non of the neighbours would be able to hear my screams and
that he didn't mind. With that, strip number two came off. My lips were smarting
something wicked, and Jon was right, I was getting excited and wet. By the time
Jon had finished, my whole pubic area was bright red, and stinging one hell of a
lot. After releasing me, Jon told me to go and sit in a bath of cool water.  

By the Friday, I was getting used to my new hairstyle, and even tried to think
about how I could dress like a boy, how I could strap my breasts down. There
isn't a lot to hide, I must try it sometime.

Saturday July 25
Wow, what a surprise that day. Jon woke me up at 3 am and told me to pack a bag,
we were going on holiday. At 5 am we arrived at East Midlands Airport, and were
checking-in for a flight to Ibiza. Jon had told me to wear my black pencil type
dress, and Ben. I had fun getting through the metal detector, it kept going off
each time I went through, even though I had taken all but my dress off. I'm glad
the woman stopped at that point, there were too many people behind me, and most
of them would probably be on the plane with us. I had never flown before, and I
was very nervous. As we were taking off, I was sweating, and gripping Jon's hand
and / or leg. That didn't stop me noticing one of the Stewards looking at my lap
every time he walked up and down the aisle. Jon said that if it had been a
long-haul over-night flight, I could have joined the mile-high club. He had to
explain that one to me. We landed at about 11 am, spent another hour waiting for
all sorts of stupid reasons, before finally leaving for the Hotel. As in turns
out, this was only a few miles away in a place called Playa d'en Bossa. Our room
was quite nice, and the view from the balcony was partially looking out to sea.
The other part of the view was the swimming pool, and then about 100 balconies
from the Hotel next door. Jon told me that everyone on holiday was more relaxed
about nudity, and that I was to strip-off, every time that I came into the room,
and stay like that, even on the balcony, until I went out. Jon started
stripping- off, so I quickly took my dress and shoes off. I unpacked our clothes
while Jon went and sat on the balcony watching all the people down by the pool.

After about an hour Jon told me to put the short wrap-round skirt that I had
made and a top on, and we went for a walk along the beach. It was a little
breezy, and the front of my skirt kept blowing up, leaving my right leg exposed,
right up to my waist. For some reason, the wind only blew the right side up, and
my pussy never saw the sun. At the end of the beach, we turned round, but walked
back along the road, and went into some of the shops that were there. Spain is
so different to England, and it was so strange to me, but very pleasant. It was
so warm and relaxed.

In one of the shops, Jon bought a couple of big vests with very large arm holes.
He told me that one was for me, and I said that the arm holes would probably
come down to my waist.  Jon laughed and said, "with a bit of luck."  He also
bought one of those little over bikini skirts that tie at one side for me. The
one he bought was for someone a lot smaller than me, saying that when I was
wearing it with nothing under it, anyone who looked closely at the fastening
would be able to tell that I had nothing on under it. After that we stopped in a
cafe, and had a snack and drink. Jon reminded me that the same rules applied
when we were on holiday, and when I sat down, the whole of the right side of my
stomach was visible, and Jon wouldn't let me pull my skirt over me. The waiter
really took his time serving me, and came back twice to see if everything was
alright. 

It was still the middle of the afternoon when we got back to the hotel, and Jon
decided that we would go for a swim in the hotel pool. Jon told me to put on my
orange check cotton bikini, the one with the top too big and the small bottoms.
Jon picked a couple of sun beds near a group of Germans, and made sure that I
bent down facing them so that my breasts were hanging out. We had just settled
down, when Jon told me to take my top off, he didn't want me getting white
lines. I had a quick look round, and saw one other topless woman, so I took mine
off. Jon told me that I hadn't done it quick enough, and that I would get my
punishment later. Jon then decided that we should use some sun tan lotion, and I
had to rub it on him then me. As I was doing my front, I had to put some on my
breasts, and my nipples shot to attention. That started me thinking about sex,
and they wouldn't go down. I even started opening my legs a bit, and that meant
that my lips were trying to spring out of the crotch of my bikini. I think I
might just have been a little too ambitious with the scissors when I was
narrowing the crotch.

After about an hour we went for a swim, Jon wouldn't let me put my top back on,
so we were messing around in the pool with my breasts popping in and out of the
water. Jon kept trying to squeeze my nipples which kept them very erect. When
Jon had had enough, we got out, and went back to the sun beds. Jon told me to
bend at the waist with my back to the Germans, so that they would get a good
look at my butt and pussy - if they were looking. I don't know if they saw me
and I don't know if they said anything, I couldn't understand them anyway. Jon
then told me that we were going for another drink, and we collected our
belongings. Jon wouldn't let me put my top on, and we sat at a table outside the
hotel bar, with me still topless. That was a funny, but nice experience, but I
didn't see anyone looking at me. After that, I had to carry our belongings back
to our room, still topless. It was a good job that we didn't have to go through
the hotel's reception area, just through a back door, and up the stairs. A
couple of men had a good look at me when we were walking along a corridor.

Back in the room, we stripped off, and sat on the balcony until it was time for
the evening meal. While we were there, one set of our 'neighbours' came out onto
their balcony. They were 3 teenage girls, and they were only wearing their
knickers. We passed pleasantries and talked a bit about the weather, and it was
as if we were all fully clothed in an English pub. All very strange to me, but I
could get used to it.    

Jon told me to wear my black 'pencil' dress for dinner, and we got a table to
ourselves in the restaurant. After dinner we went into one of the bars, and had
a coffee at the bar. They have high swivel bar stools, which made it difficult
for me to get on and off, without showing too much. Because Jon will not let me
cross my legs, I tried to keep facing the bar, but it got difficult, especially
when we moved on to the alcoholic drinks. I'm sure that I must have given a few
people a good eyeful. I only had 4 martinis that night, but it took a while for
me to realise that the Spanish are a lot more generous with their measures. By
the time Jon told me that we were leaving, I was well gone, and I had to hang on
to Jon to stay on my feet. I'm sure that my dress rode up and left my butt and
pussy on show, and I vaguely remember Jon saying that it would cost me if I
pulled it down. When we got into the lift and the doors shut, Jon said that he
was going to adjust my dress, and then pulled it up and off me before I realised
what was happening. There I was, naked in a hotel lift, but I didn't care. When
it stopped at our floor, I just walked out and down the corridor, not caring if
anyone saw me. I don't remember seeing anyone though, and Jon will not tell me.   

Sunday July 26
I woke up that morning, on top of my bed, with the room curtains open, and a man
looking into the room. It took a while for me to register where I was, but I
couldn't be bothered to move. When I did get up, the man from the next balcony
was still there, and still kept looking into our room. He was wearing a swimming
costume, but I was still in the nude. Jon came out of the bathroom, gave me a
bottle of water, and told me to go and sit on the balcony and get some fresh
air, and drink some water. It was only 7 o'clock in the morning, but it was
quite warm. I said, "good morning" to the man next door, and he said the same
back before going back into his room. The curtains to both rooms on either side
of ours were closed, and I asked Jon if we should close ours at night, but he
said that he wanted to wake-up with the dawn, said it was the best part of the
day. I have to admit, it was quite quiet and fresh, even though it was quite
warm, and the sun coming over the horizon was a pleasant site. After a while,
Jon told me to go for a shower. After that he gave me one of the vests that he
had bought the previous day, told me to put it on, and we went for breakfast. On
the way through reception I looked in one of the mirrors, and could see all the
side of my breast. I decided that I must not turn suddenly, or else I might 'pop
out.' It was self-service in the restaurant, and we had to keep going to the
food table which was at the other side of the room, and we had to wind our way
through the other tables, which meant twisting. I came very close to coming out,
and managed to pull the vest straight without Jon seeing me. I wasn't
particularly in the mood to be exposing myself. The vest was slightly longer
than my dresses, so I wasn't worried on that score.

After breakfast we went back to the room, and Jon told me to put some sun tan
lotion on him, then me. We were both stood naked on the balcony, with me rubbing
lotion all round his cock and balls, when one of the girls from the next room
came out onto their balcony. We said, "good morning" and carried on. She leaned
on the railing, and I could see that she didn't have anything on under her
T-shirt. I kept rubbing the lotion onto Jon's cock, and he was starting to get
erect. When she turned round, looked at us and went into their room, I thought
that it must have looked as if I was wanking him. As he wasn't telling me to
stop, I squatted down in front of him and continued. When he came, it shot all
over my face, and started running down my chest. Jon then told me to rub it in
on me along with the sun tan lotion. I had a quick lick of what I could reach
with my tongue before doing what I was told.

Jon decided that I needed a walk to really clear my head, and we packed a small
bag, and put the vests back on. Jon's went just below his bum, and just covered
his hanging cock at the front. We went down into the hotel's reception where Jon
changed some pounds into Pesatas, and I had to sit on one of the sofas while I
waited for him. They were very low, and I'm sure that anyone passing would be
able to see my pussy if they looked.

We set off walking along the beach, and then up along the cliffs. Once we were
away from the hotels and houses, Jon told me to take my vest off, and along with
him, we were walking nude.  There were no houses or people, so I didn't mind. In
fact, it was quite nice, the feeling of freedom and the warm sun on all of my
body was refreshing. I got a little worried at one point when we came across a
road, but we were back in the woods without seeing anyone.  Eventually, we came
to beach, but we had to climb down passed a few houses to get there. I asked Jon
if we should cover-up first, but all he said was "what the hell, keep going." So
we did. There were only a couple of very young kids playing in one of the
gardens, and they were too young to care.

Once on the beach, Jon decided that we needed a swim to cool down, so we dropped
our bags and waded in. It was a wonderful feeling swimming and floating in the
warm water. So relaxing, so free. I would recommend nude swimming in the
Mediterranean to anyone. There were little fish swimming around, and when I told
Jon he said that next time we would bring our snorkels and masks and I could get
a good look at them.

There hadn't been anyone else on the beach when we arrived, but by the time we
got out of the water there were 3 other couples, all wearing swimming costumes,
except one woman who was topless. I asked Jon if we should cover-up, but he said
no, and we lay on our towels. A bit later, Jon said that we had started a trend,
and when I looked up, 2 of the couples has also stripped off. I dozed-off and
when I woke up my head was a lot clearer. Jon told me that we were going and
that too much sun on our first day would not be good for us. We didn't put the
vests on, and walked along the rest of the beach in the nude. There were lots of
other people on the beach by then, and most of them were also in the nude. We
did have quite a few people looking at us as we walked up the path off the
beach, still in the nude, but we just carried on.

We walked along a track that went through some woods, and came across a couple
of people walking in the opposite direction. We just said, "good afternoon," and
kept walking until we came to a car park. There was quite a few people there and
about half way through (and a lot of funny looks), Jon said that we had better
put our vests on as we were going to go to the cafe at the other end. We bought
a couple of ice-creams and the sat on a wall outside, near a bus stop. I'm sure
that the other people that were waiting could see that we had nothing on under
the vests, but no one said anything. The only thing that happened on the bus,
was that I had a look at the Spanish villages and way of life, which is so
different to that in England. I suppose that it is due to the brilliant weather
that they get there. I could get used to living there. The bus only went passed
the end of a road that went down to out hotel, and we had to walk about a mile.
Jon was walking very close to me, and sometimes put his arm round my waist. It
felt good.

It was early evening when we finally got back, and Jon decided that we would
have a swim before getting ready of dinner. When we got to the sun beds, I got
my white bikini out of my bag and was about to put the bottoms on when Jon said,
"take the vest off first then put just the bottoms on, and by the way, a new
rule, every time that you lay down on a sun bed, or on the beach, you will lay
with your feet about one foot apart. OK?"   "Yes Master" I replied, and took my
vest off. I was completely naked beside the hotel swimming pool, and there were
still lots of people there. I hurriedly put my bikini bottoms on, and lay down.
I thought that it was a bit risky in a place like that with all those people
about, especially when we had to stay there for nearly another two weeks. But I
didn't say anything to Jon. Jon also took his vest off, and by the time I has
organised myself, he was laid next to me in a pair of semi see-through briefs. 
After we had rested for a while, we went for a swim, me still topless, and in
the bikini bottoms that were virtually see-through as soon as I got wet. We swam
around the pool, and came across a jet of water at one side, about a foot below
the surface. Jon said that it was probably the inlet from the filtration system.
I was letting the water 'massage' my back, when Jon said that he had an idea.
Because it was away from all the sun beds, and most of the people, Jon told me
to face the wall, grab hold of the rails either side of the jet, and then lift
my knees up and put them either side of the jet. This meant that the jet was
'massaging' my pussy. Wow, was that good. The look on my face told Jon that I
was enjoying it, so he told me to move. I was disappointed, but only for a
minute, because he told me to take my bikini bottoms off, give them to him, and
then get back into the position. I wasn't going to argue with that, and moved
very fast. It was great, and knew that it wouldn't take long for me to reach a
climax.  Jon knew that I had cum by the expression on my face, and he just said,
"again."

After my second climax, Jon told me to move, and he put his arms around me and
held me close. It was then that I noticed the 2 teenage boys with face masks on.
I asked Jon how long they had been there, and he said, "only a couple of
minutes, and they haven't looked our way yet." Jon didn't give me my bikini
bottoms back, just held on to me and moved us towards the boys. I was very
close, and facing Jon when one of them saw me and told his mate. They both swam
round us, underwater, trying to see more, but it was very difficult with Jon and
me being so close. Jon then let go of me, turned me round, then put his arms
round my waist. The water was up to our necks, so no one outside of the water
could see anything, but the 2 boys certainly could. As they swam round and round
us, Jon put one of his hands between my legs, and forced them apart. He then
started playing with my clit. I think that the boys nearly drowned, forgetting
to come up for air. After a couple of minutes, Jon let go of me, and told me to
follow him. The boys gave up, and we swam back to near where our sun beds were. 
Thankfully, Jon gave me my bikini bottoms back before we got out, not that they
covered much. We lay there for a while before going back to our room, me topless
again. I got a couple of funny looks, and one old lady went "tut"  which just
made me smile at her. Back in the room, Jon went and sat on the balcony, nude,
and told me to sit on his lap. As I walked out, I could see Jon's erection, and
thought that that was what I was waiting for. I slowly sat on him, and breathed
out a long sigh. Fortunately, non of our neighbours were there, and I slowly
went up and down on him. Just as I was about to cum, the curtain and door of the
girls room opened, and 2 of them came out onto the balcony, one in just
knickers, and the other with just a towel round her waist. I stopped and put my
arm round Jon, and just sat there watching them. They were giggling and talking
about some boys that they had met. Apparently, the third girl had gone back to
one of the boy's room. They had seen us, and we said hello's, but didn't talk,
and it wasn't long before they went back in. The excitement of being fucked
while saying hello to some one else who was only a few feet away, really kept me
on a high, and it only took a couple more movements for me to cum, and Jon
followed on the third. It was ages before Jon told me to get off him, and he
then told me to clean him up with my tongue. Most of his sperm was just starting
to leak out of me, and run down my legs, but there was still a fair bit of both
of our juices on his cock and balls. It didn't take long, and I was grateful
that non of our neighbours came out, It's one thing being naked in front of
others, but to be licking Jon's penis is something else.

We lay on the bed reading a book for an hour or so, before Jon told me to take a
shower, then put my cheesecloth dress on. We went down for dinner, then out to a
bar down the road. We sat at a table outside (how often can you do that at 11
o'clock at night in England?) and talked (and drank) about all sorts. He was
obviously concerned about my happiness in my new life, but I managed to
re-assure him that there was no problem on that score. He also told me that I
had to make notes for this journal, he didn't want anything 'interesting'
missing from it. We had a few to drink, but not as many as the previous night
(well me anyway), and as we were walking back, Jon put his arm round me, and on
my bum, under my dress. It was still there when we walked into the hotel bar for
a coffee before bed.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing July 27
Monday July 27
When I woke up, Jon was sat on the balcony reading. One of the girls from next
door was on their balcony looking at him and licking her lips. I think that Jon
was so engrossed in his book that he didn't notice her. I wasn't going to
disturb the situation, and just watched her, watching him. She was in just a
pair of knickers, and her right hand moved down to the front of them, and
started run rubbing her pubes then moving down and between her legs. I looked
back at Jon, and could see that he was starting to get an erection. Was he just
pretending to read? The girl was getting more brave, and had put her hand inside
her knickers, and was clearly masturbating. This went on for a minute or so,
then I heard a noise from next door, and the girl stopped, and went in. "poor
girl" I thought, I know just what it's like to get worked-up, and not to be able
to finish the job.

Jon had me wear my long wrap-round skirt, the one that opens wide when I walk,
and one of my short baggy tops that day. We got a bus into town, the journey
only took 20 minutes, but the bus was crowded, and we had to stand. I had to
reach up to grab a hand-rail, and my right breast was hanging out of the bottom
of my top. This seemed to please the old man that was in the seat next to me,
and with Jon's hand stroking my bum through the thin cotton skirt, I was happy.
Just before we got off, Jon noticed the mans face, and told me to part my feet
about a foot. My skirt opened, and from the angle that the man was, I'm sure
that he could see that I didn't have any knickers on. This only happened for a
couple of minutes because we were getting to where the bus stopped.

Ibiza town was very interesting, I've never seen a city like that, so different
to England. The drivers looked as if they were all mad, and I asked Jon if they
had any traffic rules. He said that driving there was no worse than driving in
London. "Something else that I've never done" I said. My flashes of legs and
stomach didn't attract any attention and we walked round a couple of shops
before going up to the 'old town'. Now that was interesting, so old, and
everything seemed so small, and white. Jon told me that just about every house
on the island was painted white, and that the island was also known as the
'white island.' There's a couple of places up there that have some fantastic
views, and at one of them, when there was no one else there, Jon told me to lift
my top over my breasts and to hold my skirt wide open while he took a photograph
of me with the scenic view in the background.

There's thousands of steps in the old town, and I think that Jon picked that
skirt on purpose. At one point. He was following me up some steps, and he
grabbed the bottom of my skirt, and pulled it right back. I'm sure that he had
seen the teenage boys that were coming down the steps in front of me. They came
out with all the expected comments, but I daren't do anything about it, Jon
would punish me. We had lunch in one of the many little restaurants before
walking back down, and to the harbour. There was a big cruise ship there, and I
only then realised just how big these ships are. In the harbour area there are
hundreds of little shops and restaurants, and a lot of it doesn't have traffic
in it. It was great wandering around, looking in the shops. Jon told me that
what I was seeing was nothing, and to wait until we went back at night. Life
only started late at night.  

Late afternoon, we caught a bus back to the hotel. It wasn't very busy, and we
managed to get a seat. Back in the hotel room, we lay on our beds and read until
it was time for dinner. Jon had me wear just my short wrap-round skirt and my
white bikini top that evening, and I had to be careful as I leant over the
buffet table to get what I wanted. We had a bottle of white wine with our meal,
and I let Jon drink most of it, I didn't want to get drunk again. Afterwards, we
went into some of the bars along the main road, and found one that was very
lively with lots of young people, and a comedian cum DJ. He was quite good, and
we stayed there for a while. He had the knack of getting people up onto the
stage and taking part in little funny games. Jon told me to remind him that he
wanted to go back there before we went home. It was easy to forget what I wasn't
wearing in that place, because most of the girls looked as if they were wearing
no more than me. I saw quite a few breasts hanging out, a number of bums, and a
couple of hairy pussies. Teenage girls seem to lose their modesty when they are
on holiday and they've had too much to drink.

Tuesday July 28
Tuesday was a relatively quiet day, spent sun bathing on the beach. We caught a
bus to a place called Ses Salines, and when we got there I discovered that it
was where we caught the bus back from on the Sunday. We walked into the big car
park, and instead of going straight on, along the path that we had used before,
we turned off into the woods. As soon as we did, Jon stopped and told me to take
my T-shirt off, and he took his off, that left us both naked. We walked through
the trees, and out onto the beach, and grabbed a couple of sun beds. I covered
us both with sun tan lotion, and we settled down to a lazy day. We were towards
one end of the beach, and there were quite a few other naked people there, and
the only people that seemed to look at us were some of the more modest people
who, for whatever reason, wore clothes on the beach. I think that we attracted
more attention because of our shaved pubes, and the fact that I was remembering
what Jon had said about keeping my legs apart. It was at the bottom of my sun
bed that the old man squatted when he came to collect the sun bed hire money,
and there seemed to be a language problem that took ages to sort out. After a
couple of hours, Jon said that he needed some exercise, and we did what lots of
people were doing, walking along the waters edge. We didn't stop when we got to
the end of the area that had naked people, but kept going, and walked right to
the other end of the beach, then turned round and walked back. There were quite
a few people staring at us, and a few nudging their companions and looking as if
they were saying "hey, look at those two." I was a bit nervous, but at the same
time not bothered because Jon was with me.

At lunch time Jon put his swimming costume on and told me to wrap my towel round
my waist, and we went to the beach bar for a drink and a sandwich. There were
other topless women there, and I didn't feel out of place. While we were there,
a woman came onto the beach with lots of bags, and started spreading the
contents over the beach near her. She then turned a ghetto blaster on, and kept
picking up what tuned out to be sarongs, and putting them on. It didn't take
long for the odd one or two people to go and see what she was selling. On the
way back to our 'spot', we went over to the woman, and Jon told me to pick one
of the sarongs, and try it on. Of course I had to take the towel off first. I
had never worn a sarong before, and didn't know how to fold it, so I asked the
woman to show me. She must have shown me about a dozen different ways, and all
of the time she was having to touch my naked body. This was tuning me on a bit,
and I didn't notice the small audience that had gathered. I wanted to keep
things going, and asked her to show me some of the ways with a different,
smaller sarong. I must have been 'trying one on' for about fifteen minutes
before I decided which one I wanted, and Jon paid for it. Jon took it from me,
and kept my towel and we walked back to the sun beds. When we were about 20 feet
away, I turned and looked back, the audience had gone.

I topped us up with sun tan lotion, and we settled down for another session. I
lay on my stomach, and noticed a couple laying on their towels on the sand about
10 feet higher up the beach. They were both naked as well, but the thing that I
really noticed was that the woman was laying with her feet well apart, and I
could actually see into her vagina. I had never seen anything like that before,
and wondered why that was, was she sexually aroused, and would people be able to
see up me if I lay like that when aroused. Anyway, about an hour later I was
getting hot, and asked Jon if we could go swimming. Jon agreed, and we went into
the water and started swimming and messing around. At one point when we were
about waist deep and I was floating on my back (it's a lot easier in salt
water), Jon grabbed my feet, and pulled my legs round his waist. He had an
erection, and rubbed it against my clit. I had a look round to see how many
people were close by, and if anyone was watching, and  thought, 'what the hell,'
and pulled myself onto him. It was quite easy floating and being fucked. I could
see my big nipples sticking out of the water, they were definitely reacting to
the situation. Jon calmly pulled me back and forward so that he was going in and
out of me for ages. It was so warm, relaxing, natural and nice, that I wanted it
to go on for ever. No one seemed to be bothered by what we were doing, but one
or two people did have a good look. I presume that they were trying to make up
their minds as to exactly what we were doing. I didn't cum, but Jon did, and
after he stopped, we swam back to the beach, and lay on our beds. I was still
feeling excited, and decided to lay with my feet on the sand, on either side of
the bed. My lips were still swollen and open, and I'm sure that anyone who
looked could see right inside me, just like I been able to see inside the woman
that had been above us.

There was the usual stream of people walking up and down the beach, some naked,
and some with costumes on. The naked ones didn't take any notice of me with my
legs wide open, but some of the clothed ones seemed to be spending a lot of time
hovering near us. Later on, we went swimming again, but his time we took the
masks and snorkels. We spent ages swimming around, and looking at the fish and
rocks. It was the first time that I had done anything like that, and I was
enjoying myself. I didn't really notice the other people swimming near us, or
the fact that there were more of them as time went on. It was only when we came
to get out that I realised that we were right in the middle of the area of the
beach that didn't have anyone without clothes on. It didn't bother me because
Jon was with me, but we got more of the looks that we had got in the morning.

When it got to about 5 o'clock, we packed up and put our T-shirts on, and headed
back to the cafe where the bus stopped. We had an ice-cream and sat on the same
wall. There were a lot of other people waiting, and I had to sit right at the
end with only one bum cheek on the wall.  I don't think that I was showing
anything. As soon as the bus stopped, everyone rushed to get on. Jon said that
is only the British that queue in an orderly manor, and then only in Britain. 
We ended up having to stand together with lots of others. It was quite cramped,
and as the bus bounced along. I felt a hand on my bum. It could have been Jon,
he was in the right position, but so was another man. Jon's face didn't tell me
anything. Anyway, as the bus bounced along, the hand was getting more ambitious,
and was in between my legs, then my pussy. I was getting finger fucked on a
crowded bus, and I didn't know who was doing it. In a way that fact alone was
enough to get me worked up. When the bus stopped, and we got off, I said to Jon
"was that you doing that to me Master." Jon just said, "I wasn't doing anything,
what are you talking about Vanessa?" I didn't know what to say, so I didn't say
anything.

We went straight to the room when we got back, and after a shower, we lay on the
bed reading until it was time for dinner. Jon had me wear just my sarong and a
baggy top that night. The sarong was tied at my right side, which meant that all
my right side had little covering, and I had to be careful sitting down. I hoped
that Jon didn't tell me to move the knot round to my stomach. We went out after
dinner, and had a few drinks in a couple of bars before having an early night. 

Wednesday July 29
I was a bit lazy first thing, and wasn't rushing to get up. My pubic hair was
starting to show again, and Jon told me to go and have what he calls the 3 S's ,
shit, shave and shower. When I reminded Jon that I had brought some wax strip
with me, he told me not to bother with the shave part and that he would 'wax' me
on the Thursday evening.

We had a lazy day by the hotel pool with me wearing my orange check cotton
bikini, well the bottom half anyway. I did manage to go swimming in the pool on
my own once, and I made use of the water jet again. It's a very lazy way of
having an orgasm. I tried to experiment a bit, and tried to get the jet to fill
me up, but I couldn't manage it. I decided that the pressure wasn't great enough
to force its way in.

When we got back to our room, we stripped off (as usual) and sat on the side of
my bed, looking out of the patio doors, talking. After a while, we lay back with
out feet still on the floor, still talking. The next thing I knew was that I was
waking up because of a noise outside. I was still half asleep, and realised that
we had both fallen asleep, on our backs, on the bed at right angles to the
window, with our feet on the floor. As usual these days, my feet were apart.

Anyone looking in would get a real good view of our genitals, and they could
take as long as they like, because we were asleep. I glanced outside without
moving my head, and realised that the noise was a camera automatically winding
on to the next frame. One of the girls was taking a photograph of us. The other
two girls were also there, and they were all whispering to each other. Not
really caring what they were thinking, but wanting to get a bit of excitement
out of the situation, I lifted my hand and scratched my belly button, and then
put my hand on my pussy, and kept it still, as if I had just scratched myself in
my sleep. I waited a few seconds, then started to stroke my lips and clit,
slowly at first, then getting faster. I could hear the girls whispering, but
couldn't make out what they were saying. I started going for it, just as if I
were having a 'wet' dream. I even let my other hand grope about until it found
Jon's cock, and started playing with that. Jon was starting to get erect, but
didn't wake up. At one point I thought that the girls had gone, because I
couldn't hear them. But after a while I heard the camera again. I kept going
until I had an orgasm, then stopped and pretended to go into a peaceful sleep. A
few minutes later there was a loud noise, and I 'woke up'. I sat up and noticed
that Jon's erection had gone, and that one of the girls was still on their
balcony. I picked up my book and went out and sat on a chair. The girl looked
over, and said hello. I said 'hi' back, and started talking about the weather
and started a conversation about where each of us had been etc. The usual idle
chit-chat. The last time I had spoken to someone in that way, was when I had
been in Wales, all those months ago.

The girl's name was Louise, and all 3 were on their second week from Manchester.
They were having a great time, and getting a lot of men. Louise asked me if I
was worried about being seen on the balcony, naked. I told her that a year ago I
wouldn't have dreamed of it, and I told her about how I had changed my life, not
about the punishment part, I didn't know if she would understand. I said that it
didn't matter because it was 3 girls next door, not 3 rough drunken lager-louts,
and I wasn't sure that there was anyone on the other side. "What about the
hundreds of rooms in the hotel next door?" she asked. "Too far away" I replied.
Louise then said that lots of people take binoculars with them on holiday, "I
hadn't thought about that" I said, "but I'm not worried, I'll never meet them,
and anyway, I've got Jon to protect me."  I asked Louise if she had ever
sunbathed or swam naked, but she hadn't, so I said that she should try it. I
suggested that she start taking her clothes off somewhere where she felt safe,
like on a balcony with her friends there, safety in numbers and all that. Louise
said that she would think about it, and talk to her friends. I told her about
the beach that we had been to the previous day, and how good it felt sunbathing
and swimming naked. I told her that I enjoyed the feeling so much that I had
even stopped wearing knickers, that I didn't even own any anymore. That
surprised her a bit, but I could see that she was thinking about it. Just then
Jon came out of the room, and I watched Louise's eyes looking him up and down,
and hovering round his hips. I introduced them, but Louise excused herself and
went in.

We had a late dinner that night, before we got a taxi into Ibiza town, and went
down to the harbour area. I was wearing just shoes and my dungaree dress, and
had had a difficult time in the restaurant making sure that I didn't turn too
quick and end up with a breast hanging out. I got a few funny looks from the
'oldies' in the restaurant. Jon was right about Ibiza town being a different
world at night, the place was buzzing with life. Restaurants and bars had sprung
up everywhere, and there were thousands of people moving about. I got a bit of a
surprise at the number of gays and transsexuals, all out dressed as flamboyantly
as they could. It was great. I didn't feel at all under-dressed because about
50% of the people seemed to have something showing, on the contrary, at times I
felt over-dressed. The whole place was a bit like a giant street party. The
shops didn't seem to want to shut, and we went into a few and I tried a couple
of dresses on. One of the shops didn't even have a changing room, and I had to
change behind a rack of dresses, virtually in full view of the hundreds of
people that were passing. The shop assistant didn't bat an eyelid when she saw
that I didn't have any knickers on. Another one of the customer did though. We
didn't but anything, the prices were aimed at millionaires.

We did find a shop that sold 'love aids', and had a good look around. Jon bought
a bigish dildo (I was a bit worried about the size), a vibrator with a separate
box that I didn't understand, and a pair of knickers. When I asked Jon about the
knickers, he said that these were latex ones, and were for a special purpose,
but wouldn't tell me what. In the back of the shop there were 2 small rooms with
mirrors on the walls, and a sign saying 'peep show'. I couldn't see what was to
'peep' at, so I asked Jon. He said that the people in one room could 'peep' at
the people in the other room. "That could be fun" I said, but Jon just said that
the rooms were too small, and we left.         

We went in a bar that had a lot of English and German people in it, and tried to
get a drink. It took ages trying to get to the bar, then get served because
there were so many people. I found out why the bar was called 'Gropers Palace',
we hadn't been in there 5 minutes before a felt a hand slide under my dungarees
and grab my right breast. I looked at Jon, but he just shrugged his shoulder and
continued trying to get the barman's attention. After a few caresses of my
nipple, the hand stated wandering down to my stomach, and with the size of the
waist of the dress, it didn't have any problems. This hand went down to my pussy
and started fingering me, and I couldn't even see the face of the man (well I
assume it was a man) that the hand belonged to. He was stood directly behind me.
It wasn't long before I got wet, but the hand suddenly disappeared, only to be
replaced by another one, but this one was definitely a man, it was big and
rough. After he had got one of his fingers wet, that hand disappeared as well. I
looked round, but no one seemed to be in a position to have been doing it. As I
turned back, Jon stuck a beer bottle in my hand, and we moved to a less crowded
corner. I told Jon what had happened, and he just asked, "did you enjoy it?"
When I said, "well yes, but I was just so surprised" he said, "take your
pleasures when you can," and then pointed to a 'man' that really looked
outrageous in his make-up, see-through blouse, mini-skirt and high heels. I
nearly laughed, but thought I had better not. It got more crowded, and as a man
squeezed by, he reached in, and gave my right nipple a tweak. Jon smiled. The
place got more crowded, so we moved over to some stairs. They were a narrow
spiral staircase, but no one was on them. Jon told me to go up them a bit, that
I couldn't get groped up there. How wrong he was, I was only up about half a
dozen steps, but that left the hem of my dress at about head height to the
people who were still on the main floor. I then realised that they could
probably see straight up my dress. Looking down, two men had realised this as
well, and were looking straight up at my pussy. After a few words from one on
the men to the other, a hand reached out and up.

First contact was right on target. A finger went straight in me without even
touching my legs.  There was no resistance because I was wet from the 2 other
men. After a couple of minutes, Jon turned and looked at me and saw the hand,
well the arm actually, and then followed it to the owner. When the owner looked
at Jon, Jon just shook his head sideways, and the hand withdrew. Jon grabbed my
arm and dragged me into a dark corner of the room, leaned back against a wall,
and pulled me backwards onto him. He put one arm round my waist holding my back
against his front. He then gave me his beer bottle so that his other hand was
free, and he put it between us and I felt him get his cock out. It was getting
hard, and he pushed it between my legs and onto my pussy before taking his hand
out and taking his beer from me. I had just found another of the benefits of not
wearing knickers. He was virtually fucking me in a crowded bar, my dress looked
normal from the front, and no one could tell what we were doing, what a turn on.
I wiggled my bum about a bit, and managed to get him into me. It was great. We
couldn't really 'go for it', otherwise people would have realised, but I did
manage some slow movements. At one point, the crowd was really on top of us, and
I felt hands grab a breast, and my pussy. I think that the one on my breast was
Jon's, and I bet that the one on my pussy got a shock when it found a pussy with
a cock in it. Shortly after that I felt Jon's body shudder, then I got that warm
feeling of his juice shooting into me. We finished our beers as he softened, and
then 'plopped' out. As we were leaving, his juices (and mine) started running
down my legs. Not that there was anywhere to do it, but Jon wouldn't let me
clean myself up, and it wasn't long before I had dried cum nearly down to my
knees.     

We went for a walk round the harbour, and up passed where there are a couple of
night clubs.  We didn't go in, but we did watch some of the people going in. The
things that the girls weren't wearing. I thought that I was a little close to
the line of decency, but a lot of these girls would get locked-up in England.
There was even one girl wearing only a thong and another whose skirt only
reached her pussy when she stood still and pulled it down. As soon as she moved
a leg, you could see all her trimmed pubic hair. There were some nice hunks of
men as well, but Jon wouldn't talk about them. After a while, Jon stopped a
taxi, and we went back to the hotel.

Thursday July 30
We went for a late breakfast, just wearing T-shirts, and straight after that,
Jon put some shorts on, and went out, leaving me to get a bit more sleep. I saw
Louise on their balcony with one of her friends, and I said, "Hi," but we didn't
chat.

When Jon got back, he told me that he had hired a car for the rest of the
holiday. It turned out to be one on those ugly Ford Ka cars. Jon had me put on
just my sarong, and white bikini top only, and we packed our things and went
out. We went for a drive in the country, so that I could see more of the Spanish
culture, Jon wanted to educate me as well. We stopped at a little roadside cafe
for some lunch, and learned a little more about the Spanish speed of life. 
Still, it didn't matter, we were in no hurry, and we were sat out in the sun.

When we got moving again, I asked Jon if I could sit in the back, and try to get
some sleep, I still hadn't quite recovered from the booze the previous night. He
said it was OK, and that he would wake me when we got to anywhere worth
stopping. I don't know how long I slept, but when I woke, I was laid on my  back
with my head at one side of the car, and my feet at the other, one foot on the
floor, and the other bent at the knee, on the car seat. In effect, with my legs
wide open. It took me a while to realise that the car was stopped, that Jon
wasn't in it, and that we were in the middle of a town. The bit that really
startled me was that there were lots of people walking passed the car. Jon had
parked on the side of a main road, and left me showing everything that I had got
to anyone who happened to look in, and some were. Jon had left one of the
windows open a bit, and I could hear what people were saying. When I finally
realised that I should move, there were a group of teenage lads looking at me
and saying all the usual things. I moved, and got out of the car and went for a
little walk to stretch my legs, and met Jon coming towards me. "You're awake
then" he said, and I asked him what time it was. He said that we had been parked
there for an hour, but I'm not so sure, it didn't seem that long. Well I hope it
wasn't. We drove off, and came to this little beach called Cala Conta where
there are trees and sand dunes. We parked in the trees, and went down a bit of a
cliff to a small beach that was full of naked people. Jon said that the big
sandy part was round the corner. We couldn't find enough space on the small
sandy bit, so we went along the rocks, and found a place there. No sooner than
we had laid everything down, Jon gave me my mask and snorkel, and told me that
we were going for a swim. This was of course in the nude. We swam round, looking
at all the fish and the rocks, and I suddenly realised that we had swum round
the corner to the place where everyone was wearing something, except us. It
didn't really matter because we were in the water, but there were other people,
using masks, who were taking more interest in us than the fish. Jon was
oblivious to this, but I wasn't, and I was collecting a little gathering of
young teenage boys. Not feeling very brave at that moment, I swam over to Jon,
and told him. He just told me to practice my floating, on my back with my legs
open. "Let them have a good look, it will do them good" he said. What else could
I do except obey him. Fortunately, after about 10 minutes, they got bored, and
moved on, but not before one or two had got so close that I thought that if I
suddenly closed my legs, then I would give them some bruised ears. 

A couple of hours later, we left, and I again lay in the back. Jon didn't warn
me, but we stopped for some petrol, and I discovered that not all Spanish petrol
stations are 'self service'.  All of a sudden there was a young man stood next
to the car, pumping petrol in, and looking straight at my pussy. Jon was stood
behind him waving his hands, trying to tell me to stay still. These Spanish
petrol pumps are very slow as well, I could see the pump, and it was taking
about 30 seconds for each litre. Jon stopped him after 25 litres, and gave him
some money. Not very bright either, it took ages to sort the change out.

When we got back to our room, Jon said that it was time for my waxing, and
searched for something to restrain me. I realised what he was doing and told him
that it wouldn't be necessary. I could take the pain. I got out the wax strips
and then lay on my bed waiting. Jon started at my ankles and moved up my legs.
The pain was bad, but I was expecting worse. The ones on my pubic bone were
quite bad, but then Jon told me to lift my legs above my head, and to hold my
ankles with my legs wide open. Jon asked me if I wanted a gag, and when I said
yes, he put the ball-gag on me. In a way, that was a relief, because it meant
that I could scream, knowing that the noise couldn't get our. And scream I did.
The wax really stuck to the inside of my labia quite well, in-spite of the
juices that I was producing. At one point, I looked out of the patio doors, and
I'm almost sure that I saw Louise looking at me, but Jon suddenly ripped another
strip off, and when the pain subsided and I looked again, she was gone. At last
Jon was finished, and he let me get up and take the gag off and look at myself
in the mirror as I rubbed cream on myself. Yes, I was nice and smooth, but I was
also bright red. Jon said that the best way to cool down, was to go and have a
swim.

I put my white costume on (for the first time that holiday), and we went down to
the pool. I was having trouble keeping the 2 sides together at the front, and
I'm sure that my clit was hanging out. I jumped straight into the water, and it
was lovely and cool on my pussy. I pulled the sides apart, so that the water
could circulate easier. Jon dived in, and we swam around for a while before I
found myself near the jet of water. I looked at Jon and said, "can I?"   "Go on
then, but you will have to fuck me afterwards if you do" he said. So I did, it
was wonderful, slowly moving slightly so that the jet hit me at different
angles. I could feel the orgasm building up from deep in my belly, and I nearly
sank as I 'froze' when I came. Afterwards I put my legs round Jon's waist and we
fucked. The young kids in the pool were ignoring us, but some of the handful of
teenagers were looking at us, presumably trying to decide what we were doing. I
was glad that Jon had had me make the swimming costume the way he had, and it
was a good job that the jet of water is in a part of the pool that doesn't have
any sun beds near. Otherwise we would have had an audience of adults, and I'm
not sure what some of the older people might have said.

I didn't cum, but Jon did, and when I told him that I hadn't cum this time, he
said, "don't worry, you will." We got out, and went to the outside bar for a
drink, I had a real job trying to keep the two sides of my costume together, and
even resorted to holding my towel in front of me. Jon wouldn't let me do that
when we were sat at a table in the bar, and I daren't cross my legs. The
waitress that served us had a good look, but didn't say anything. Back in the
room, Jon told me to have a shower, then sit on the balcony to dry-off properly.
After I had been there for a while, he brought out the bag of things that he had
bought in Ibiza town. He got out the vibrator, and put the battery in it. It
wasn't very thick or very long, and when he gave it to me, it seemed different
to the one back home. He told me to move my chair nearer the railings, and put
my feet on top of the railings about two feet apart. I then had to use the vibe
to masturbate, without it switched on, and to stop just before I reached an
orgasm. Jon could tell when I was about to cum, and grabbed the vibe, and told
me to grab the chair's arm. I hadn't a clue what was about to happen, but Jon
went inside and then came back after a couple of minutes with the vibrator and
the black latex knickers. He then pushed the vibe right into me (still not
switched on), gave me the knickers and said, "put them on Vanessa". They were a
very tight fit, and it took ages to get them into place. The vibrator had no
chance of slipping out. Jon gave me my book, and we spent the next hour reading,
me wearing more than Jon - for a change. The man from one of our neighbours came
out on their balcony, had a look down to the pool, said, "hello," then
disappeared back inside. One of Louise's friends did the same a bit later. I was
going to try to talk to her, but she disappeared before I had had chance.

We went down for dinner at about 8:30, me in my lacy net dress. I could see the
black latex knickers through the material so I know that other people could. It
seemed so strange wearing knickers again, even if they were rubber ones. It had
been over 2 months since I've worn them. In the restaurant, I decided to have
something different to Jon, and Jon had got his and was sat at our table before
I had even managed to get at the food because the queue was so long. I was just
stood there waiting for this fat woman to make her mind up, when all of a sudden
I got the amazing shock. The vibe in me burst into life. It only lasted a few
seconds, but the shock was so much that I dropped my plate. It was so
embarrassing apologising to the waiter who came to clear the mess up, but I
couldn't tell him why I had dropped it. When I finally got my food and got back
to the table, Jon had nearly finished his food, and when I told him what had
happened, he reckoned that it must have been a loose connection. I was also told
that I would get punished for dropping the plate. It happened again when I was
bringing my ice-cream back to the table, but I managed to hang on to that. The
third time was when we were in the hotel bar, we were perched on the high
stools, which was a bit painful, but at least I didn't have to worry about men
looking up my dress. Just before it went off, I noticed Jon put his hand in his
pocket, and when it stopped, he brought his hand out. I'd already noticed a
bulge in his pocket - no, a square one, and I wondered if it was related to the
vibe going off, I'd remembered reading something about a remote controlled
vibrator, and wondered. When I asked Jon, he admitted that it was a remote
control in his pocket. I was already wet when I put the knickers on, but these
'sessions' when the vibe burst into life, the knowledge that Jon could start it
again anytime, and the sweat that was building up, and couldn't get out, was
giving me a strange feeling. It was a sort of 'sticky wet' feeling as I moved
about.

After a couple of drinks, we set off walking down the main street. Jon told me
that we were going to the bar that we had been to on the Monday night. On the
way there, Jon spotted a sign that said 'Live Sex Show - 23:00 every night.'
"There's an idea, we'll go in there one night" he said. I didn't know what he
was talking about, so I ignored him. In the bar it was karaoke night, I just
hoped that Jon didn't 'volunteer' me. There was the usual mix on good, bad and
bloody awful singer, but in one of the gaps where no one 'volunteered', the DJ
sang a few songs. One of them was 'Yesterday' by The Beatles. Before he started,
he warned everyone to listed close to exactly what he was singing. He didn't
change many words, but the ones he did, changed the whole context of the song. I
still remember the words, and I couldn't get it out of my head for days
afterwards -

Yesterday, all my troubles seemed so far away
Now it looks as though they're here to stay
The girlfriends in the family way

Suddenly, she's just twice the girl she used to be
There's a shadow hanging over it
Oh, yesterday I came suddenly

Why I had to cum I don't know, she wouldn't say
We did something wrong, now I long for yesterday

Yesterday, love was such an easy game to play
Now I need a place to hide away
Oh, I believe in yesterday

During the evening, Jon kept turning the vibe on, and the sessions were getting
longer and longer. In the end, I gave-up trying to fight it, and leaned back in
my chair and let it happen, I must have been very red in the face, because the
woman next to me asked if I was OK. Jon said that it was the heat, and that I'd
be OK in a minute. If only she'd known. As we were walking back to the hotel, I
felt horrible and nice inside the knickers. It was so wet. I was glad to get
them off and the vibe out when we got back. 

Friday July 31
Jon had me wear just my vest to breakfast. Whilst I was getting some food one of
the vest straps didn't fall back into the right place and a breast was on show
for all to see. It was only when I saw a couple of kids pointing and giggling
that I realised. We were going to the beach that day, and as soon as we got in
the car, Jon took his vest off, and told me to take mine off.  We drove to the
beach naked, and no one even noticed. Well, not until we got to the car park and
got out, a middle-aged couple and their teenage daughter just stood and watched
us walk into the trees. We were at Ses Salines where we had been before. We
walked onto the beach, and got a couple of sun beds in about the same place as
before. 

After a while, we went swimming, and when we got back, there was Louise and 2
friends.  They'd got some sun beds just next to us, and the best thing was that
they were all naked. We went over to Louise and said hello. The other 2 were
called Ann and Sarah, and all 3 seemed to be a bit embarrassed that someone was
talking to them. I also noticed that they kept glancing at Jon's cock. All 3 of
them had 'white bits' that were very prominent. Louise said that as it was their
last day, they'd plucked up enough courage to actually try it. We kept chatting,
and it was funny when the man came to collect the money for the beds hire. Sarah
and Ann suddenly had the urge to read, and had books in their laps. We all went
swimming, and the 3 seemed to relax, especially when Sarah produced a ball and
we started throwing it to each of us. We started trying to take the ball off the
person who had it, and it got a bit physical. At one point, all 4 of us women
were grabbing at Jon, and trying to pull him under. I grabbed his cock, and
noticed that it was erect. I thought that I would try something, and said that I
was getting out, and asked if the others were coming. Everyone agreed, and we
walked out of the water. Jon still had most of his erection as we walked up the
beach, and all of the girls noticed. I noticed Sarah whispering to Ann. I
wondered what they were talking about!

Back at the sun beds, we got the sun tan lotion out and before I could put some
on Jon, Sarah had started on his chest. I offered to put some on Louise, and did
her back first. I deliberately took my time on her bum, and went right in
between her cheeks, and down between her legs.  As I did so, they opened a
little to make it easier. I asked her to turn over, and started at her
shoulders. Her nipples were erect before I got to them, but I still had a good
play with them before moving down. All this time, Ann had finished herself, and
was laying on her stomach with her eyes shut. Jon was on his back, with Sarah's
face only inches from his erection.  Fortunately, he had his knees bent up, and
with Sarah between him and the sea, the only way that anyone could see what was
going on, was if they were right close to us.

I continued with the sun lotion on Louise's stomach. I then jumped down to her
feet and then moved up. I lifted her legs as I did them, and when I put them
down, they ended up a few inches apart, so when I got to the top, it was very
easy to do her inner thighs. I 'accidentally' brushed against her lips, and
heard a slight moan from her. I was a bit nervous, but not wanting to miss an
opportunity, I rubbed some into her pubes before going for her pussy.  There was
no resistance, and she was already quite wet. She only had a little clit, but
when I found it, I started playing with it. That and a bit of finger fucking,
and it was obvious by her moans that she was having an orgasm.

I started putting lotion on my legs, but Louise 'came back to earth,' and asked
if she could return the compliment. And she did. I remember 2 comments that she
made, both of which made me feel good. The first was "You've got nipples that
are nice and big" and "I wish my clit was that big." When she was putting lotion
on my pubes she asked me what it was like to be 'bald.' "Great" I said. "It's a
lot healthier, no hair to get caught in zips, and sex is so much better."  
"What about the looks that you get, you can see everything that you've got, even
when you're just walking. And with a clit the size of yours, I would be too
embarrassed."   "After the first few people staring at you, you tend to just
ignore them, or think that they are a bit sad if they haven't seen a woman's
pussy before, and if it's a nice hunk of a man, it can be a bit of a turn on.
Try it sometime, if you don't like it, you just have to let it grow again" I
replied.

She continued talking to me as she played with my pussy. I remember her asking
what we were doing in the room the previous evening when I had my legs in the
air, and "what was that in your mouth?" but I didn't answer, I was building up
to an orgasm, and wasn't interested in talking. After Louise stopped, and I
calmed down, we sat and talked about all sorts, I told her more about how I came
to be with Jon, how much I was really enjoying my new life, and about the
punishment. She was fascinated by that, and said that she didn't know if she
could stand it. I was quite pleased that she tried to understand me, rather than
just put me down, as most people who don't understand do. I'd had a look over to
Sarah and Jon, and they had stopped 'messing around', and were also sat talking.
I was glad that Jon had had some fun with her.

Jon got up and asked if anyone else was going for something to eat. Both Sarah
and Ann put both halves of their bikinis on, but Louise only put the bottom half
of hers on, Jon put only his vest on, and I got my sarong out of my bag and put
that round my waist, and we all went to the beach bar. We all sat at a table
eating, and I remember Louise saying that the way we were sitting, she could see
everything that both Jon and me had got. Neither of us moved as Ann and Sarah
had a good look.

When we got back to the sun beds, Louise said that they had really enjoyed their
morning with us, but they had to leave. They'd promised to meet some men that
they had met the night before. After they had gone I put more sun tan lotion on
Jon then myself and we soaked up some more sun. Later we went for a walk, again,
we went right along the sea front to the end of the beach where the unfortunate
clothed people were and got a few looks. After that, we went in the opposite
direction, up onto the path along the rocks. We walked right along passed a sort
of lighthouse, and ended up on another beach. It was a better beach, but more
windy, and there were not quite as many people on it, but 99% of them were men.
Jon guessed that this was a gays beach. We decided to walk back through the
woods along a dirt track. On the way, we crossed paths with group of young men
on noisy motor bikes. I'm not sure, but I think that some of them went round in
a circle to have another look. As we were getting near the original beach, we
saw a few groups of people sitting in the shade of the trees. Most were normal
'family' scenes, but one was two men having sex. I felt sick, I cannot
understand gay men. I'm quite happy to 'live and let live,' but that doesn't
mean that I have to understand and like it. As we were walking I discussed this
with Jon, and was a little surprised that he agreed with everything that I had
said. In his opinion, women had a lot more to offer than men. He can understand
2 women getting together, but not 2 men. Under another tree, there was a young
couple who were obviously having sex, he was laid on his back, and she was on
her knees on top of him, and moving up and down.

When we got back to the sun beds, we went for a swim as we were quite hot. When
it came time to go, Jon put his vest on, but he wouldn't let me put mine on, I
had to walk back to, and through the car park, still nude. There were a lot of
people leaving at the same time, and I felt a little embarrassed, brave, and
excited. Jon wouldn't let me put anything on when we got into the car, not until
we parked the car outside the hotel. Fortunately, from the beach to the hotel
didn't involve going through any built-up areas. I was allowed to put my sarong
on for the walk to our room, and got a number of 'looks' as we walked through
reception and up to our room.

Back in the room, we rested as Jon said we would be up late that night. We both
slept laying on top of the beds. I woke as it was getting dark, Jon was already
up, and had put the light on, but hadn't closed the curtains. Not that I would
have expected him to, they hadn't been closed since we got there. Jon decided
that I had to wear my see-through lacy net dress that night, but with what Jon
called 'virtual' knickers. I got the body paint out, and we spent 5 minutes
painting 2 little triangles on me, one just above the start of my slit and the
other at the top of my bum cheeks. Jon then joined the top of them with 2 narrow
bands. There weren't many people left in the restaurant when we got there, and
no one took any notice of me.

That evening, we went out in the car (I had to take my dress off, and sit very
still so that I didn't rub the 'knickers' off), and drove for about 30 minutes
before we arrived in a place called San Antonio. We parked the car and walked
round the place, which was like a small town. I suppose that it was because of
the dark, but I don't think anyone could tell that I was naked under my
see-through dress. It was getting late (or should I say early), and we walked
into an area that was full of bars, and literally hundreds of teenagers drinking
in and out of the bars.  Most of them were just kids enjoying themselves, and
causing no harm to anyone or anything, but there were a few who didn't know when
to stop. As the night went on, we saw more kids who had acquired something that
stopped them from standing up. In one bar that we stopped in, there was one
corner that seemed to have about a dozen girls and boys who were all 'well gone'
as Jon says. Some of them thought that they could still manage to have sex with
someone next to them, and it was funny watching them trying to grope each other.
I don't suppose that any of the girls cared that some of their skirts were up
round their waists. Back in the main square, the local police were active, and
we watched 2 of them pick up a youth that a paramedic had just checked out, and
throw him into the back of a police van. "There's someone who's going to have a
bad day tomorrow" Jon said. As we walked passed a police woman and man, they
both looked up and down me. "That's it" I thought "I'm about to be arrested,"
but they didn't, they just walked on. My heart was pounding, but I'd got away
with it.

As we were walking back to the car, we saw a night club with a poster outside
saying that there was a 'Miss Ibiza' contest the next night. Jon said, "You're
going to enter that that tomorrow."  "What will I have to do" I asked. Jon asked
me if I could dance. When I said yes, he told me to stop worrying. Back at the
car, I had to take my dress off before getting into the car, just as a drunken
couple were passing. There were a few choice comments. When we got back to the
hotel, Jon said that I had to get back to the room without my dress. After a
quick panic, I decided that I could go in the side entrance and up the back
stairs, and along the corridor. As it turned out, I didn't see anyone, and in a
way, I felt a little let down. I had to have a shower before going to bed, to
get what was left of the body paint off.

Saturday August 1
As soon as I woke up, Jon told me that it was time for my punishment for
breaking the plate in the restaurant, I had waited long enough. He told me to
bring one of the balcony chars in, and to lean over the back of it with my feet
apart. The position wasn't quite right for him, he said that he couldn't get a
good swing, and he had me move slightly. He gave me 50 strokes with one of his
shoes. It took ages, and as usual, I had to count each one and thank him after
each one. By the time he got to about 40, tears were dripping from my eyes. When
it was finally over, I got up, and saw Louise on her balcony watching us. I
tried to smile at her, and she smiled back. I think the noise had woken her up,
she was wearing a T-shirt, and looked as if she had just got out of bed, So did
the young man on the balcony on the other side of us. He was only wearing
boxers, and looked a but stunned at what he had seen. Either that or he was
still half asleep. I suppose seeing a naked man spank a naked woman at that time
in the morning, would be a bit of a shock to some people. Anyway, Jon told me to
go and sit on the balcony while he had his 3 Ss. I had stopped  crying by the
time I went onto the balcony, and said 'Hi' to Louise. She asked me if I was all
right, and when I said I was, she asked me why Jon had done it. I said that it
was OK, I deserved it, and in spite of the pain and tears I had enjoyed it. I
put my finger in my pussy,  held it up and said, "Look, I'm soaking."  I think
that all that was too much, too early for the man on the other side, he has
disappeared. I heard Sarah shout to Louise, who then said, "I've got to go, the
coach will be hear in 30 minutes and I haven't had a shower yet, nice to have
met you," and she was gone.

I didn't want to sit down, so I leaned on the railing and watched the few people
down by the pool. I didn't want to get too close to the railing in case anyone
could see me, which meant that my elbows were on the railing, but my feet were
about 2 feet back from it. I suppose that my bum was stuck out a bit, and it
must have looked inviting to Jon, because when he came out of the bathroom, he
came straight out onto the balcony, stood behind me and grabbed my breasts. His
cock was also pressing against my bum, and I could feel it getting bigger. He
told me not to move, and he started to fuck me. He said that he had always
wanted to do that, and he kept going in and out. I don't know what anyone below
would have thought if they had looked up and seen my head going backwards and
forwards over the railing, but who cares. All the time my breasts were hanging
there getting 'caressed' by Jon's hands. We came together, and Jon grabbed a
chair and we sat down, with him still inside me. I felt so happy, and told Jon
that I could really get used to life like that. After a shower, we put T-shirts
on, and went for breakfast. I was really getting to like having short hair, I no
longer had to worry about drying it. It is just like the advert says 'wash and
go.'  

We spent most of the day driving around the island taking in the scenery and
local culture. The slightly strange thing about it was that we spent all that
time driving around in the nude.  When we were going down one dirt track, Jon
laughed at my breasts wobbling about as the car bounced along. I must admit,
they did look like a couple of small jellies being shaken about.  We stopped at
a little resort, and Jon told me to put my T-shirt on, and go and get us some
sandwiches and drinks, and we then found a quiet little road and stopped to eat.
I put some sun tan lotion on us both, and we sat on a little wall eating. When
we had finished, Jon decided to take some photographs of me, and had me pose in
lots of positions, on the wall, with my legs round a little tree, laid on the
wall, and laid on the car. One pose was like that song says, sat on the bonnet
with my knees up and legs apart. The other memorable one was spread-eagle on the
bonnet. I can't wait to see that one on Jon's PC. Right in the middle of the
'photo session,' a little donkey and cart went passed with a little old man and
woman on it, both wearing black. They had a good look at us, and I could hear
them talking, but they didn't stop.

After lunch, we found a little deserted beach and spent a few hours soaking up
the sun and resting. At about 5 o'clock, we headed back to the hotel, and lay on
the beds, Jon said that it was going to be a late night, and we should get some
rest. I woke at about 10 o'clock, too late for the restaurant. Jon told me to
pack a bag with my white bikini, white lycra shorts and top, and my black pencil
dress. I had to wear just my white lycra dress. We drove to San Antonio and got
something to eat before going a night club called Extrasis. Jon asked one of the
bouncers about the Miss Ibiza competition, and was told where we had to go. I
was starting to get a little nervous, and Jon bought me a drink to calm me down.
When it came close to the time for me to perform, we went to the changing room,
There were 3 other girls in the competition, and I thought that they were all
more beautiful than me. Jon said that that wasn't true. We were told what we
were expected to do, then Jon took me to one side and added a bit more. Now I
was getting nervous. I changed, and put all my clothes on, other than the white
dress that I was wearing. I was on third, and the waiting was agony. Jon had
left me to go and watch the others. Eventually, I was called out, and had to
start. All the organisers had told me was that we had to dance and take some of
our clothes off, leaving on whatever we thought we should, we were supposed to
dance to the 3 judges that would be sat on chairs to one side of the dance area.
When I got out, the dance area was a circle of about 20 foot diameter with
people stood or sat, all round. I looked round for the judges, and for Jon, and
saw him sat right next to one of the judges. He was smiling and winking at me,
which helped me a lot.

The music started, and I started dancing. I moved slowly to start with, then
started kicking my legs up as I danced. I started taking my clothes off and
throwing them to Jon. When I was down to my bikini, I rolled on the floor again,
spreading my legs wide (remember how narrow the gusset of my bikini bottoms
are). When I got up again, it was time to take my top off. This got a few cheers
from the audience. Next was the final item, my bikini bottom, not that it was
covering much. Once off, I danced around the edge of the circle letting some of
the men touch me. I even bent over (at the waist) so that they could have a good
look. I could tell that the music was coming to an end, so I ended by sliding on
my knees towards the judges so that I ended up in Jon's 'assume the position'
position, staying like that until all the applause had ended. It seemed to take
ages, and there was a lot of shouting and whistling in with it. Even Jon was
clapping.

When I got up I went over to Jon and we walked to the side where the first 2
girls were. One of them had put a T-shirt on, but the other was only wearing a
thong. The first one had only stripped to her bikini bottoms, and the second to
her thong. The 4th girl was out and ready to start, but just as she did, a large
drunken woman of about 30 staggered onto the floor, and started dancing and
undoing the zip of her dress. Everyone was laughing at her, and the poor girl
who was supposed to be dancing just stopped and looked at the judges. Two
bouncers came and tried to persuade the woman to move, but she didn't want to
know. She was shouting words to the effect of "if they can strip off, then so
can I." This got lots of cheers from the audience, and in the end, the compare
said that she could have her turn. She staggered around taking her dress of,
then her slip, then her large bra. She was left with tights over a pair of white
knickers that were big enough for both Jon and me. When she finally got these
off, the flab was bouncing about like jelly, and the audience were in hysterics.  

When the fourth girl finally got to restart her turn, I think that she had had
her spirit broken, and she wasn't very good, she wasn't dancing to the music,
and although she took everything off, her heart just wasn't in it. I felt sorry
for her. I hadn't put any clothes on, and the 4th girl didn't either. We had to
wait ages before the judge finally announced the results. I had won, and I had
to go and collect my prize, 20,000 pesetas and a large bottle of champagne. Wow,
was I happy. Jon looked at me ad said, "I told you that you would win." After
collecting the money, I turned to face the main part of the audience, got into
the 'position,' and waved my hand with the money in it to the audience. This
brought more cheers. I was very happy, and when I walked back to Jon he grabbed
my arm and pulled me to the bar saying "let's celebrate." We got 2 glasses and
went and sat at a table, and he opened the bottle. The cork went flying, but I
couldn't hear the 'pop' because of the noise of the music. It was only when I
had downed the first glass that I remembered that I was still naked. I looked
round, but nobody was interested. 'If they're not, then I'm not', and had
another drink.   

Jon wouldn't drink much because he was driving, so I had to finish the bottle. I
was getting quite happy, and when Jon pulled me up to dance, I didn't even think
about what I was (not) wearing. As we danced, I suddenly thought 'what are they
looking at' and then realised. I told Jon that I wanted to put something on, but
he just said that as no one was complaining, then sod it, keep dancing. After a
few more songs, Jon grabbed me and pulled me to a door that I hadn't seen
before. We went through it, and then down some stairs, and came to a room with a
little bar, and a small swimming pool. Jon wouldn't let me jump in straight
away, I think that he wanted people to see that I didn't have any clothes on.
There was certainly enough of them looking. After a couple of minutes, he said,
"go on then" and in I went. That seemed to be a que for other to strip off and
jump in. It wasn't long before most of the people were in the water, with
clothes everywhere. People were generally messing about, and most of the women
were screaming as they were groped. I certainly remember a few hands on me. Jon
had a coke at the bar, and when he had finished he called for me to get out.
Reluctantly I did, the groping was fun, and I had groped a couple of men, one
with a big hard on. Anyway, Jon gave me my white dress to put on, but as soon as
I had, it was virtually see-through with the water, and it didn't help as my
hair was dripping down onto it. We went out of the club and back to the car.  By
then, it was about 5 o'clock in the morning, and the place was still very much
alive. Got a few shouts and whistles from some men because my dress had ridden
up and my bum was hanging out.

Just before I got in the car, Jon told me to take my dress off so that I didn't
get the car seat wet, and we drove back with me naked. It was still lovely and
warm at that time of night. Back at the hotel, Jon wouldn't give me my dress
back, so I had to get back to the room naked.  Fortunately, I remembered the way
I had gone a few nights ago, and managed it without seeing anyone. Back in the
room, I remember having a bit of a giggle, then nothing until the next morning.

Sunday August 2
Sunday started slowly, and I only just managed to get up and get to the
restaurant before they closed the doors. Jon had tried to wake me up and given
up and gone for breakfast and then a walk. He was back in the room when I
returned, Jon said that it was pointless trying to do anything with me that
morning, and he told me to get some sleep, and then he went out and left me. I
took my T-shirt off and lay on the bed and dozed off. When I woke up, our new
neighbours were out on their balcony. On one side there were 2 girls in their
late teens, and on the other side there were 2 girls that looked about 15. Each
set were looking round and talking as if they had just arrived. I think that
they all looked into our room and saw me at some time, I heard one of the
younger girls say to her mate "hey look at this," but I don't know if they were
referring to me. After a few minutes they all disappeared, and I grabbed a book
and a bottle of water, and went onto our balcony and started reading. After I'd
read a few pages, the younger girls came out again. Our eyes met, and I said,
"Hi" to them. They seemed a bit nervous talking to a naked stranger, but after a
few minutes of idle chat, they settled down and we had a good chat about nothing
special.

They were twins from Leeds and were there with their parents, brother and a
friend of his.  They told me that the boys were coming to collect them so that
they could go and have a look around the place, and one of them (Rebecca) asked
me if I was going to cover up. They both seemed a little surprised, when I told
them that it didn't bother me, and that my friend wouldn't let me wear clothes
in our room. Anyway, a couple of minutes later, there was knock on their door,
and in came the 2 boys, both about 14. When they came out onto the balcony and
saw me, their eyes nearly popped out of their heads. Especially when I said,
"Hi" and introduced myself. The girls wanted to go and get on with their
exploring, but the boys managed to drag out their hellos for ages before they
finally left.

Jon got back about mid afternoon, and told me to put a T-shirt on, and pack a
bag with my white bikini, a pair of his brief, briefs, and some towels. We were
going to the Water Park about a mile down the road. When we got there, we found
an area of grass to spread out on, and then Jon told me to take my T-shirt off,
and then put my bikini on - in that order. I looked around then did it. Jon
chastised me for hesitating, and told me that I would be punished for it.  I
tried to tell him that I was worried about all the people, but he just said that
I had to trust him, and that the punishment would be doubled for trying to argue
with him. I apologised, and told him that I did trust him.  As it turned out, no
one was interested in my display, well, I didn't see anyone looking at me.

We went on most of the water slide, and had great fun. The only problem was my
bikini. The top kept coming off my breasts and at one point I lost the top
completely and spent ages looking for it. At first, I thought that it must have
been caught up on something back in the tunnel, but a woman found it and passed
it to me. I was also having trouble keeping my pussy covered, and a couple of
times I had to pull my bikini bottoms straight after the movement of coming down
the slides had made the crotch disappear between my lips. All that water being
forced against my pussy, with very little protection, was also getting me a
little excited. In a way, I was glad that everyone seemed to be more interested
in enjoying themselves, rather than in me. However, I did get a few stares when
we went for an ice-cream, and it didn't help when Jon pushed his iced-lolly into
my right nipple and it jumped to attention..

When it came to the time to leave, Jon had me take my bikini completely off, and
dry myself with the towel before he would let me put my T-shirt on. This time, a
middle aged man laying on the grass near us was looking, and I was watching the
bulge grow in this costume - until he turned onto his stomach.

Back in the hotel, we had a quiet night (for which I was grateful). We had a
drink in the outside bar before going to shower and change for dinner. Jon had
me wear my short wrap-round shirt and a baggy cropped top. I had to be careful
as I bent over the buffet table to get my food. We spent the evening in the
hotel bar and lounge drinking and playing cards. I nearly suggested playing
strip poker or something, but I realised that I would lose, and end up naked in
the hotel lounge. I didn't think that that would be a good idea. When we were in
the lounge we sat on the big low sofas and I really has to squeeze my legs
together to stop people from seeing my pussy. But as the night wore on, and the
alcohol started to work, I wasn't quite so caring, and once or twice I caught a
man looking at me.

Back in our room we took a last drink out onto the balcony, and I sat on Jon's
knee as we drank. I could feel him getting hard, and I stood up, faced him and
moved forward. When I was over him I lowered myself onto him. We were just sat
like that drinking, when the 2 young girls and 2 boys came out onto their
balcony. The boys had a good snigger, they could see my breasts, and I guess
that they thought that they knew what we were doing. The girls just said, "Hi",
the ignored us. We just continued drinking and having a motionless fuck. The
kids gave-up and went in before we finished. Neither of us came, but it was nice
just sitting there.

Monday August 3
Jon was up bright and early and full of life, and had decided that we needed
some exercise. He told me to pack a bag with my white shorts and top, his
shorts, our trainers and towels. We put our vests on, and then went for
breakfast. Later, we drove around looking for a Gym that we could use, but the
ones that we found, didn't open until after lunch, so we went to Ibiza town, and
went shopping. We found a department store and wandered round. We found some
nice dresses that were at realistic prices, and Jon selected a couple for me to
try on. The only changing rooms that they had were cubicles in the main shopping
areas, with curtains for doors. I went into a cubicle and half closed the
curtain, so that Jon could see me, and took my vest off. The first dress was a
sort of blue silk with flowers on it, and a bit oriental, it had a high neck and
no sleeves. The interesting part was that the skirt part was split up both sides
right to the waist. The dress was a tight fit, but I guess that it should have
been. I put my arms in the bottom, and lifted up so that I could slide it down
over my head. When my head 'popped' out of the top, I looked out, and saw a
young female shop assistant looking at me.  When she caught my eye, she turned
away.

The dress fitted quite well, and I liked it, but Jon didn't. The second dress
didn't have any sides, from top to bottom, except for a cord that was zig-zag
threaded from top to bottom. It was plain white with a low cut 'V' neck, and as
I put it on the same way, there was the girl again. Jon said that apart from the
cord going below my waist, it was quite nice, but was too big. I took it off,
and he went to swap it for a smaller size. He told me not to touch anything
while he was gone, so I just stood there with the curtain open. Six people went
passed while I was waiting, but only one looked in, and that was another young
female assistant. She stopped and had a good look before moving on. I just
looked back at her. When Jon got back, I put the dress on, and Jon decided to
buy it for me.     

After wandering round a few more shops we went to a cafe, and sat outside at a
table on the pavement, and had a coffee and a sandwich. Jon had sat us so that
we were both facing down the street, with me on the outside. Jon had crossed his
legs so that no one could see what he had got, but of course I couldn't, and
anyone who walked towards us, and looked could see my pussy. I told Jon about
this, and he just said, "good, open your knees a bit." I regretted saying
anything, but did it. It was only the kids that looked, and when I told Jon, he
told me to close my legs if anyone that looked under 14 looked. I got a couple
of giggles from a group of girls, and one lad must have gone round the block,
because he went by twice.

About 40 minutes later, we left, and went back to the car, and drove to one Gym
that we had seen. It was open, and the price was acceptable to Jon. We both went
into the first changing room that we came across. I think that it was the gents,
but it didn't matter because we were the only ones there. After getting changed,
we went through into the workout area. Again, no one there, and we got started.
We had a good workout, even if it was very quiet. Just as Jon decided that we
had had enough and we headed for the door, it opened, and about 6 people came in
dressed for a workout. Jon saw a sauna and decided that we would go in. It
wasn't that warm, but we still stripped of and lay on the benches. I was
starting to doze off when the door opened, and 2 men came in and sat at my feet.
They were Germans, and asked (in good English) if we spoke German, Jon said not,
and they continued talking in German. They kept looking at me and my pussy, then
getting on with their conversation. I got the impression that they were talking
about me, but I couldn't prove it. I started to relax and doze off again, and
felt my legs open a bit as I relaxed. I think that the men were still looking,
but I was too sleepy to think about it. They eventually left, and then we went
out. There was a plunge pool next to the sauna, and Jon didn't tell me how cold
these things are normally. I found out quick enough, and I immediately got
straight out again, wide awake, and with nipples that you could bend an iron bar
round. "That wasn't very nice" I said, but Jon just smiled.

To get back to the changing room we had to go back through the main Gym, and Jon
wouldn't let me wear anything. We walked through with my nipples still frozen
rock hard. One man dropped the weights he was lifting as his eyes saw me, and
one of the women slipped off the bench she was just getting on. In the changing
room there was a real hunk getting changed, and for some strange reason, he
looked a bit embarrassed by me being there with no clothes on. We ignored him,
got dried, put our vests on and left.

Back at the hotel, we put our swimming costumes on (my white one piece) and went
down to the pool. I lotioned us up, and we settled down to soak up the sun until
the evening.

When it came to getting dressed for dinner, Jon asked me if I had brought my
pleated navy skirt and a white blouse with me. When I said yes, he told me to
wear them with my white lycra shorts. I though that it was a bit strange, but
who am I to question my Master's commands. We went for dinner, and then a couple
of drinks in the hotel bar before heading down the main street. We stopped at
another bar, and had another drink, then Jon took me to the place with the sign
said 'Live Sex Show - 23:00 every night' outside. I though that it could be
interesting watching other people having sex. As soon as we went in, Jon asked
if he could talk to the manager. When he arrived they were talking quietly, and
I couldn't hear what they were saying, and afterwards, we went to the bar and
were given a drink. I didn't see Jon pay, so I assumed that it was like the
cafes where you paid when you left. We got some seats, and talked, and watched
the other people there. There were about a dozen men, and about 5 or 6 women
that looked like customers. At about 11:45 the show started. A couple came on
and started dancing around, slowly taking their clothes off. The dancing got
more and more erotic, and when they were naked, they started touching
themselves. The woman then got down on her knees and started sucking his penis.
When he finally got hard, he lay on his back, and she climbed on and they had a
good fuck. There's not much more that I can say about it.

About 5 minutes after they had finished, the manager come onto the 'stage' and
said that he was proud to announce the guest appearance of 2 people from England
who were going to put a show on for everyone. With that, Jon grabbed my arm and
pulled me onto the 'stage'. I was mortified and excited at the same time. What
was I supposed to do? What was Jon expecting me to do? After taking a little
bow, Jon dragged me off behind a screen, grabbed a packet of cigarettes from the
manager, and stuffed them on my blouse. He then put on a teachers gown that the
manager gave him, and told me that I was going to act like a naughty school girl
who had been caught smoking, and was denying it. The rest would follow
naturally. 

We went onto the 'stage' and Jon stood me where he wanted me, after the audience
were quiet, Jon started talking to me as if he were a teacher who had caught a
girl smoking. As instructed, I said I hadn't, and the lecture went on. He asked
me again, and I still said no. With that, he put his hand down the top of my
blouse, and moved it about, looking for the cigarettes. I then had another
lecture before he told me to take my blouse off. By this time, I was relaxing a
bit, and was starting to get into the act a bit, so I did a bit of pleading
before slowly taking it off. I was now topless, and the 'teacher' started on
another lecture about not wearing a bra. He then told me that he wanted to see
if I was wearing the regulation knickers.  I started to lift the side of my
skirt up, but he said, "No, take it off." When he saw my white shorts, he
started on again. Finally he said, "right, it's punishment time. He then made me
do lots of aerobic exercises that stretched my arms and legs, and made my jump
and run on the spot. My little breasts were bouncing up and down, and my nipples
were getting hard. He then sat on a chair, and told me to lay over his knee. He
gave me 20 slaps before telling me to stand up and take my shorts off. It was
then back over his lap for another 20. After that, the exercises started again.
In among some of them I had to stand on my head and then open my legs wide. That
did it, if the audience hadn't seen my wet pussy by then, then that certainly
gave them an eyeful. He then had me walk on my feet and hands, but with my
stomach in the air. I hadn't done that since I was at school, and it was a bit
painful.

He then told me that I was going to get caned, and that I was to bend over the
back of the chair with my feet apart. I pleaded with him to not do it, and when
he said, "NOW," I ran off round the back of the audience. He came after me and
when he 'caught' me, he dragged me, struggling, back through the middle of the
audience, and put me over the chair. My feet weren't wide enough for him, and he
pushed them further apart. The audience could see everything that I'd got. I saw
the manager pass Jon a cane, and then it started. The first really hurt, and
after I had calmed down I said, "One - thank you Sir." After 10 the tears were
dripping from my eyes, and my sobbing must have been loud enough for everyone in
the room to hear. After I had said, "Twenty - thank you Sir," it stopped, but I
didn't move. My backside was really hurting, it was on fire, and was worse than
the time that Jon caned me back in England.

Out of the corner of my eye, and through the tears, I could see Jon taking his
clothes off. When he turned to face me, his cock was the biggest I had ever seen
it. It was as if he had swallowed a whole bottle of Viagra. He came round to the
front of me and said, "Swallow." I opened my mouth and took as much of it as I
could. I sucked and sucked, and I could tell that he was getting close to
coming, but he pulled out and just stood there, erection pointing into the air.
After a couple of minutes, he walked round the back of me and rammed it into me. 
There was absolutely no resistance, as I was so wet that I could feel my juices
running down my legs. I screamed, but not from the pain, I had re-composed
myself enough to remember that we were putting a show on. Jon went in and out as
I moaned quite loud. I was getting close to cuming, and I thought that Jon was
too. Then it happened, we both came at about the same time, and I screamed as
much as I did when the cane was hitting me. When he pulled out of me, I stood
up, and Jon then told me to 'assume the position' but facing the audience.  When
I was down there, I could feel all our juices running out of my open hole. Jon
came and stood over me, and let the juices from his cock drip onto my face, and
I licked them off. After that Jon told me to stand up and take a bow, the show
was over.

We both went over to the bar (still naked), and the manager gave us a drink. I
couldn't sit on a stool like Jon had, because my backside hurt too much. The
manager said to Jon that I "was quite a woman" and did we want a permanent job.
I was glad that he said no, I had really enjoyed it, but I don't think that my
backside could take that every night. After we had finished our drinks, we went
and found our clothes (Jon wouldn't let me wear the shorts), and said our
goodbyes.

When we got back to the hotel I asked Jon if we could have another drink before
bed, and we went into the bar and he perched on a stool while I stood next to
him. There was hardly anyone there, and after the drink we went to our room. As
we were getting ready for bed, I noticed the 2 older girls on their balcony
talking, and watching us. I looked in the mirror, and could see lots of bright
red weals all over my backside.

Tuesday August 4
Jon wouldn't let me sleep late, and I had to get up and have a shower before 8
o'clock. I was still thinking about the previous night, and how much I had
enjoyed myself, and I told Jon as we were walking into the restaurant. I had
forgotten about my backside until I sat down to eat my breakfast. I asked Jon to
take a look to see if the red marks were still there. He didn't need to look, he
has already seen them, even below my T-shirt. That meant that other people could
see which worried me a little. After breakfast we packed a bag and drove to the
harbour in Ibiza town, and got onto a ferry to an island called Formentera. The
journey took just over an hour, and it got quite windy which presented a problem
as we walked around the boat, and when it came to go up the outside stairs, I'm
sure that I gave the people below me a great view. Come to think of it Jon must
have been showing a lot as well.

When we eventually arrived, we walked up the harbour and to a place that had
lots of bikes outside. Jon said that it was the best way to get round, and
judging by the number of people in the shop, he was right. We hired 2, and as I
climbed on mine, I was thinking that it could be fun sliding from side to side
on the saddle, just like it was fun riding Jon's bikes. Shortly after we got out
of the village, Jon stopped and we took our T-shirts off and cycled nude. Jon
said that Formentera was a Naturist island, and we would see lots of naked
people. A few cars and motor bikes passed us, then another couple on bikes that
were also naked. I wondered if she was enjoying the experience as much as I was.
We peddled for about 30 minutes and came to a dirt track that we went down.
Eventually we came to fantastic beach with trees and sand dunes behind it. We
padlocked our bikes to a tree, and spread our towels on the sand near a pile of
rocks that looked as if was being used as a little jetty - or so Jon said. The
only people that I could see with clothes on, were those who were arriving. I
put some more sun tan lotion on Jon and then me, and as I was doing me, Jon told
me that the inside of my thighs wasn't as brown as the rest of me, and he told
me to make sure that I lay with my legs wide open so that I would get an even
tan. We lay there for about an hour before Jon got restless, and decided that we
were going for a walk, and what a walk it was, we walked for what seemed like
hours, and all in bare feet - bare everything. Through the trees and dunes, out
to a little island, passed a cafe, through the car park, through what Jon
thought were salt lakes, up to the main road, and back along the beach. On the
way, we stopped at a beach bar and had something to eat. Everything was so
relaxed, and it seemed natural that most people didn't have any clothes on.

I was shattered when we got back, and my feet were a little sore. We went for a
swim to cool down, then lay on our towels again. It didn't take long for me to
doze off, and when I woke up, there were lots of people standing around us. It
was a jetty, and a boat was coming in. The people were waiting to get on the
boat, and there was me laid with my legs wide open, right in the middle of them.
One or two were looking at us. I looked at Jon who was just laying there, legs
apart, propped up on his elbows, watching the boat come in. Well I thought, 'if
he doesn't care, then why should I?'  The boat arrived, and people piled off.
Jon said that it looked as if they were from the mainland, and were just here on
a day trip. I don't think that some of them were expecting naked people,
certainly not spread-eagle in the middle of their path off the boat, and I
noticed a couple of shocked looks. There were 3 youths among them, and they
obviously enjoyed what they were seeing, they decided to stay where they were
when they first saw us. They were still there when everyone else, and the boat,
had gone. They spread their towels and lay on their stomachs directly below me.
I wondered if they had had to lie on their stomach to avoid any embarrassment.
After a while, I turned over onto my stomach, still with my legs apart; I wanted
to get rid of those white bits. I was thinking about the show we had put on the
previous night, and then I remembered the red weals on my backside. I lifted my
head to look ad my bum, and yes, they were still there, not as bright, but still
there. The youths must be able to see them I thought, and squeezed my pussy
muscles and realised that the juices were flowing. I wondered if the youths
could see that as well. I dozed off again, and when I came round, they had gone,
and so had Jon. I looked round, and saw him laid half in the water, and half
out.  I went and sat next to him and I told him that I had been thinking about
the previous night, and that I would be happy to do it again - if he wanted to.
"Not at the moment" he said. "Maybe some other time."

I could see that he was thinking about the previous night as well, because his
cock was growing. I decided to have a bit of fun, and stood up, with my feet
apart, just in front of him. If / when he looked up, he would be looking right
at my pussy. Nothing new, but if he was feeling a bit randy, then it might just
tempt him. After a few minutes, and a cock that was definitely getting bigger,
he jumped up and told me to follow him. We went into the trees and sand dunes
and found a quiet spot where he told me to get down on my hands and knees, and
he fucked me from behind. It was over pretty quick, and I didn't cum, but I had
certainly enjoyed it.  

As soon as that was over. Jon decided that it was time to start back, and we
packed up and started back, again cycling in the nude. Jon's and my juices were
still coming out of my pussy, and it wasn't long before I was sliding all over
the saddle. It was very pleasant, and with the bouncing along the dirt track, I
beginning to think that I might even cum. Unfortunately I didn't, and it wasn't
long before we came to the outskirts of the village, and we stopped ant put our
T-shirts on. Back at the bike shop, I felt a little embarrassed handing back a
bike that had a saddle that was all wet and sticky.

On the boat, we bought some drinks, and went on the deck at the front to catch
some more sun. Jon followed me up the stairs, and stuck a finger in me and held
it up saying "a little wet aren't we Vanessa," in a voice loud enough for
everyone to hear. There were other people on the deck sun bathing, and 2 of the
women were topless, so Jon told me to take my T-shirt off, and lay it over my
pussy. I was further back from the front than most of the people there, so if
anyone looked, they would be able to see under my T-shirt. The boat set off and
after about half an hour it started to get windy. I tried to clench my legs
together to keep the T-shirt in place, but the wind finally blew it off me, and
back along the boat. Jon told me to go and get it, but each time I got near it,
it blew further away. It ended up right in the middle of the seated area that
was full of people. What else could I do? I just had to brave it out and walk
into the middle of them and get it. Lots of people were looking at me, but no
one said anything until I had retrieved it and put it on. At that point, a
couple of men clapped their hands.  

Nothing else happened on the boat, and we made it back to Ibiza harbour. Instead
of going straight to the car, we went into a little boutique that Jon had
spotted when we were parking the car. There were some nice clothes in there, and
I tried on a skirt that Jon liked. It was tight, black, and had a split up the
front of one leg that went up to the top of where my pubic hair would have been.
To get it on, I had to hold my T-shirt up, and got a funny look from the old
woman assistant. Jon liked it, and he bought it.

Dinner had already started when we got back to the hotel, so we had to have a
quick shower, and down to dinner. Jon told me to wear my new skirt, and a baggy
cropped top. After dinner, we went for a walk along the beach, and Jon told me
to spin my skirt round so that the split was right in the middle. It was a good
job that there was hardly anyone on the beach, because when I looked down I
could see all of my bald pussy. Just before we left the beach, Jon told me to
spin it back to the front of my right leg.

We went into the bar that had the DJ comedian in it and sat at a table near the
back. As the night went on, things got livelier, and just before Jon was
thinking of leaving, the DJ suddenly asked if any of the girls were brave enough
to get on a table, and do a striptease. There was deadly silence at first, but
when he offered a bottle of champagne to any girl who would, then Jon stood up
and said that I would. A girl a couple of table away from us also stood up and
said that she would. I had seen her earlier, and thought that she was on her
own, and trying to get drunk. She certainly looked that way when she stood up.
The DJ said OK and everyone cheered as we got on our tables. I started to sway
to the music, and dance around in a small circle. My skirt was so short that I
imagine people could see my ass without me even moving.  After a couple of turns
on the tiny table I slid my top off of my shoulders and let it slide down to my
waist before pulling it over my head. The men all whistled and cheered like I
expect they would at a real strip show. I danced a bit more and then hooked my
thumbs into the waistband of my skirt and slid it over my hips, down my legs to
my feet. I kicked it out of the way and continued my little dance, turning and
swaying gently. I guess that the men expected me to be wearing knickers, and
they cheered loudly when they saw my bald pussy. As I was dancing, I looked over
at the other girl who was down to her knickers. They were quite small, and she
slowly eased them over her hips and off. She had a neatly trimmed bush, and the
men certainly seemed to appreciate her dance.

The DJ let us continue for another couple of minutes before stopping the music
and telling us to go and collect the champagne. I jumped down, and saw the other
woman almost fall off her table. Jon told me to go and help her, so I went over
to her. She was definitely drunk, and I had to help her walk to the stage. To
get there, we had to walk across the dance floor, and the men there groped us
both. The DJ asked us our names (the other girl had trouble saying that hers was
Vicky) before giving us our champagne.  We then had to get back to our seats,
and got groped again. This time, I felt a finger enter my pussy which was still
quite wet. I couldn't do much about it as I had to help Vicky stay on her feet.
Eventually we made it back to Jon, and I plonked Vicky down. Jon told me to go
and get Vicky's clothes before putting my top and skirt on. We then had to help
Vicky put her dress on, we didn't bother with her bra and knickers, and in the
end we left them in the bar as a souvenir for some man to collect.

Jon was wondering what to do with Vicky. She was in no state to tell us where
she was staying, and there was nothing in her purse to tell us where she was
staying. Jon decided that it would be best if we took her back to our room, and
we left for the long walk back. Jon was finding it difficult to help Vicky walk,
and when she threw-up over the front of her dress and Jon's shirt, Jon decided
that a change was called for, so he gave me the other bottle of champagne, and
picked her up in the fireman's lift. This left her over his shoulder and her
dress up over her bottom, leaving her ass and pussy exposed. We walked through
the hotel's reception like that, and got a few funny looks. Back in our room,
Jon dropped her on my bed and then we had a drink of water. After that, Jon
decided that we had better get her dress off, and put her to bed. We did,
stripped off, and got in, with Vicky in between us.

Wednesday August 5
When I woke up, I was laid on my left side with my arm over Vicky, and my hand
holding her right breast. Vicky was laid on her left side, half on Jon, her
right leg was over his, and touching his cock, and her right arm was over his
chest. I slowly got up and went to the bathroom. When I got back, Vicky was just
waking up, and when she saw Jon she jumped up.  She saw me, naked, and said,
"where am I?"   "Relax" I said, "you're safe, nothing happened."   "But you
haven't got any clothes on, and neither have I, or him" she said looking down at
herself and Jon, who was now starting to wake up. Jon reached out and grabbed a
bottle of water, and said, "here, drink that, you'll need it." He then got up
and walked into the bathroom. Vicky's eyes followed him, then turned to me and
said, "God, my head hurts. Where am I, how did I get here, and where's my
clothes?" I told her the full story, and she was blushing as I told her about
the table dancing. She asked about her clothes, and I told her about leaving her
underwear in the bar, and just as I was telling her about her throwing-up all
over it, Jon brought it back in, holding it up, and said, "I don't think you
will want to wear this until you've had it cleaned. "How am I going to get back
to my hotel?" Vicky said. Jon told her that we don't bother with clothes unless
we have to, and not to feel embarrassed, because we don't. He then said that he
was going for some breakfast, put a T-shirt on, and left.

"He hasn't got anything on under that T-shirt," she said. I told her not to
worry and that she wouldn't have any underwear on when she left, because she
couldn't borrow any because I don't possess any. "Wow" she said. We had a long
chat, and I told her all about Jon and me, and she told me about her being on
holiday on her own, it being a last minute booking because she wanted to get
over just splitting with her boyfriend. Apart from men trying to chat her up, we
were the first people who she had talked to. She had arrived the previous
Saturday for one week, and was going back to Nottingham on the same flight as
us. When Jon got back, we told him the full story, and he said that she could
stick with us for the rest of the week if she liked.  Vicky said that she would
think about it, and she thanked us for looking after her, and not taking
advantage of her. She finally got out of bed, and asked if she could have a
shower.  When she came out, we were on the balcony talking. She stuck her head
out, and asked if we had anything she could wear. "We'll sort that out later,"
Jon said. "Come and tell us what you would like to do today". She had a quick
look round and then came out and sat on a chair.

She was slightly taller than me, slightly slimmer, and had slightly larger
breasts, but her nipples were a lot smaller, so I wasn't jealous. I noticed that
little trimmed triangle of dark brown hair, but couldn't see anything peeking
out of the bottom of it. As we were talking, the 2 young girls came out onto
their balcony and said, "Hi" as they looked at Vicky. Jon and me both said, "Hi"
back, and carried on talking. Vicky was having a half-hearted attempt to cover
herself, but soon gave up. Especially when Jon said, "No one cares round here." 
When next doors doorbell went and Rebecca let the 2 boys in, Vicky again tried
to cover up. It didn't help when the 2 boys started staring at us.

"Aren't you bothered about them?" Vicky said, pointing to the 2 boys. "Not at
all, in fact I get a bit of a thrill teasing them," I said. With that I stood
up, and walked over to the railings between the 2 balconies, and asked the boys
what their names were. The 2 girls giggled and Rebecca said, "what's the matter
Mark - embarrassed?" With that, the girls said, "bye" and dragged the boys out.
We all laughed, including Vicky, who was starting to relax. 

Jon told us that we were going to get some breakfast, then going to a Hippie
Market at a place called Es Cana, near a resort called Santa Eulalia. Vicky said
that she should really go back to her hotel. Jon said that she would have to
borrow a dress anyway, so why not go straight there. "What about underwear?" she
asked. I looked at Jon then told her that we wouldn't be wearing any. He told
her that she had 2 alternatives, firstly, she could have some painted on with
body paint, or secondly, she could just go for it. After a few seconds thought
she said, "forget the paint, it will probably be too messy, I'll just go for it"
and we went to look for a dress for her. She chose the cheesecloth one, and Jon
told me to wear the denim dungarees.  As we walked out of the hotel, Vicky said
that it was a bit draughty, and I said, "Nice feeling isn't it."

In the cafe, Vicky told me that she could see my pussy, and she was a little
surprised when I said that I wasn't allowed to cross my legs. Over breakfast,
Jon and me told Vicky about the 'arrangement' that we had, and I told her that I
was really happy with it, that Jon was the best think that had happened to me. I
even told her about the spankings. I got my Ben Wa balls out of my purse, and
put them on the table. She had no idea what they were, and when I told her what
they were, she said that she "must get some of those, sounds as if they're
better than a man." I told her that I didn't agree with that bit, but they
certainly had their uses. I had an idea, and asked her if she would like to try
them, and that she shouldn't worry about them falling out, as you soon learn to
control that. With that, Jon told her to take them, and put them in, in the car
on the way.

As we were getting up to leave, I turned a little abruptly, and my left breast
came out. When Vicky pointed it out to me, I said that I could only adjust my
clothes if Jon said so. "What about me?" When I told her that it was only me who
couldn't, she stood in front of me and pushed it back in. The flesh contact made
my nipple stand up, but under the thick denim, no one could see. As we drove
off, Vicky asked me if there was any special way to put them in, When I said no,
she opened her legs (she was in the back), and I watched her push first one,
then the other in. She said that nothing was happening, to which Jon said, "It
will!" When we got to the ring road round Ibiza town, I suddenly remembered that
we weren't naked. When I mentioned it to Jon, he told me that as we had a guest,
it didn't matter this time, but we would when we came back.

The Market was really crowded, and very hot. As we were walking in, Vicky had
said that she was liking the feeling of no knickers, but that she was a little
worried about the length of my cheesecloth dress that she was wearing, she just
hoped that it didn't get windy. It wasn't long before Vicky told us that the
balls were starting to work, and that she was starting to get turned on. Jon
said, "give it another 5 minutes, and your pussy will be dripping, and then
you'll have trouble walking." Ten minutes later, she begged us to find a toilet
so that she could take them out. Jon said that we would be lucky to find a
toilet, and that we should look for somewhere quiet to 'perform the operation'.
Eventually, we managed to find a quiet corner round the back of a building, and
Vicky squatted down, and squeezed them out into her hand.  She gave them back to
me, and I decided to wear them for a while. I popped them in, and we continued
looking round.

After about an hour looking and buying nothing, Jon told us that we were
leaving. Instead of going to the car, we first went to a small supermarket down
the road and bought some cans of coke. While we were queued as the checkout,
another woman joined the queue. The interesting thing about her was that she was
only wearing 3 rectangles of material, hanging together with string. I guess
that she was one of the Hippies. By this time, Ben was doing what he was
designed to do, and I needed somewhere to either stop the stimulation, or get
the real thing. Jon just gave one of his smiles, and said that I would have to
wait another 5 minutes.  From there we walked to a little beach that was round
the back of the market. After finishing the coke, and me removing Ben, Jon said
that we were going for a swim to cool down. He stripped off, and went in. As I
was taking my dress off, I noticed that Vicky wasn't moving. I asked her what
was wrong, and she said that she didn't have a swimming costume, and that she
had never swum nude before. I told her that it was great, and that as there was
no one else near us, then why not give it a try.

She said OK, and took the dress off before running down to the water. I couldn't
help noticing that her breasts bounced a lot more than mine did as she ran. In
the water, we splashed about and generally messed about. We kept 'ganging up' on
either Vicky or me, and we were picked up and thrown back into the water. Jon
started grabbing breasts and bums, and it was good to see that Vicky wasn't
getting prudish about it. She was giving as good as she got, and started
grabbing both me then Jon. Jon took it for while, then grabbed her round her
waist and pulled her bum out of the water and gave it a couple of slaps. She
just said, "Ouch" and carried on.  When we got out, we all lay on the sand with
Jon in the middle. Vicky lay on her stomach to start off with, but soon turned
over, which left her with sand all down her front, and mixed in with her short
pubic hair. 

We had to go back into the sea to wash the sand off before we left, and to start
off with, Vicky had trouble with the cheesecloth dress sticking to her. As we
walked back to the car, one on either side of Jon, he put his arms round us and
pulled us to him. That felt good, and I wasn't at all jealous of Vicky. After we
drove out of the car park, and about a mile down the road, Jon stopped, and we
all took our clothes off. Vicky said that she was a bit nervous, and excited
about being nude with all the other cars about. As a joke, I said, "wait until
we pass a bus, or get stuck in traffic in a built-up area."

It was an uneventful journey back and just as we were getting into Playa d'en
Bossa, Vicky said that she had really enjoyed her day with us, and she asked Jon
if he would mind if we had her company for the rest of the holiday. Jon said,
"Not at all, the only condition is that you pack your bags, and move in with
us." Vicky thought about it for a minute, and then said, "Well, you didn't take
advantage of me last night, and I've enjoyed myself today, so yes, I would like
that." We stopped outside Vicky's hotel and put our clothes on, then went to
Vicky's room and helped her pack her case. It was a really small room, with no
balcony. Jon said that it was just typical of package holiday companies charging
single travellers extra for grotty little rooms.     

Back in our room, Vicky said that the sofa would do just fine for her, but Jon
said that she could sleep in our bed, he would take the middle, with us on
either side of him. She said that she wasn't sure, and Jon then said that we
would sort it out later. Jon and me had stripped off when we got into our room,
but Vicky kept my cheesecloth dress on until she had a shower.  When she came
out of the bathroom, she was naked, and when I mentioned it she just said, "when
in Rome." Jon told us that we were going into Ibiza town that night, and asked
Vicky if she had been there late at night. She said, "no," and John said that
she might get a bit of a surprise. I had to wear my lacy net dress, and Vicky
wore a cotton button front dress. I was pleased to see that she didn't bother
with underwear. Jon put a shirt and Chinos on, then gave me my collar to wear.
We walked into the hotel bar, either side of Jon; both of us with an arm round
him. One of the barmen passed some comment to Jon about now having 2 beautiful
girls, and then John asked him how much he would give him for one of them. That
seemed to confuse the poor man, and he went to get us our drinks. After a couple
of drinks, we went for a walk looking for a restaurant, and found a Chinese one.
It took us ages to get through the meal, and it was dark when we finally left
and drove to Ibiza town.

Walking around, Vicky kept saying, "look at him," or "look at her," or "look at
that" when she wasn't sure what 'that' was. I didn't know what 'that' was half
the time either. A couple of times she said, "I can see her tits," or she hasn't
got any knickers on." I was tempted to say 'you and me haven't either, and you
can see my pussy if you look' but I didn't. We went into one of the cheaper
boutiques and decided to try some dresses on. They had 2 little changing
cubicles opposite each other, with curtains, and when we were in there, Jon came
and opened first the curtain on mine, then Vicky's. Vicky grabbed a dress and
held it against her, but when she saw me naked and only Jon there, she relaxed.
She had chosen a tight fitting dress that had a zip down the front, and she was
having trouble fastening it. I had just taken off the first dress that I had
tried on, when Jon told me to go and help Vicky. Still wearing only my collar, I
walked across the room, not thinking about who could see me. It was only when I
heard a man say "Nice ass" that I looked round, and say a young couple looking
at me. I ignored them and continued to Vicky. She really had picked a dress too
small, and neither of us could get the zip to fasten. By the time we gave up,
all 3 of us were laughing. The shop assistant was just watching and ignoring us.
We took the dress off, and Jon told me to go and get a size bigger, but I didn't
know where Vicky had got it from so Jon told me to go and ask the shop girl. She
smiled a little as I walked up to her, and asked her for a size bigger. She just
said, "follow me" and went to the front of the shop. There I was, naked, just
inside the glass door. I was getting a bit of attention from people passing by,
and I'm sure the girl was taking her time getting the dress. When I got back to
Vicky, she asked me if I was embarrassed being naked like that. I just said,
"try it," and helped her on with the dress.

Vicky was learning, because when we got the dress on, she said that she didn't
like it, took it off, and walked to the same rack at the front, and slowly
selected another one. The assistant acted as if it happened all the time (maybe
it did). Vicky walked back wiggling her ass as a couple of young men outside
watched her every move. Jon decided that we had had enough fun, and told us to
get dressed. Just to add to the fun, I grabbed Vicky's dress, stated putting it
on, and told Vicky that she would have to put mine on. This made Jon smile, and
I guess he was thinking about what Vicky would look like in it, being a couple
if inches taller than me. He was right, it only just covered her pussy, and her
bush was clearly visible though the material, more so than me, because my lack
of hair made it not as obvious. Jon would only let me fasten Vicky dress down to
just above my pussy, and up to just below my breasts. We left, thanking the
assistant for her time.

Poor Vicky was having a bit of a struggle keeping my dress below her pussy, and
she kept holding her hands in front of it. Jon was laughing more and more as we
went into a bar. We got some drinks and found a table. As soon as we sat down,
Jon got the lead out, and attached it to my collar. Jon decided that we would
have another drink in there, and told Vicky that it was her round, and she went
to the bar. By the time she got back to the table, my dress was above her pussy,
and as soon as she put the drinks down she pulled the hem down. Jon asked her
who had seen anything, and when she had looked around, she said, "no one" Jon
then asked her why she had bothered. That night I discovered that Vicky couldn't
take much alcohol, as she giggled and then pulled the dress up to her waist and
sat down.  

I went for the next round, with the lead hanging down the front. I guess that
with all the unusual sights in Ibiza, a girl with a collar and lead was nothing
special and everyone acted as if it was an every day sight. Maybe it was. We
finished our drinks and as we stood up to leave, Jon told me to pull Vicky's hem
down. As I did, I deliberately touched her pussy, and it was all wet. We walked
back to the car, with Vicky giggling, and letting my dress ride up so that her
butt and pubes were showing. No one took any notice of me being 'pulled' along
by the lead.  Jon opened the driver's door, lifted the front seat up and told
Vicky to get in. As she did, she wiggled her ass at Jon, so he grabbed at her
pussy, and when he pulled his hand out, I could see her juices all over it. We
stopped at a quiet cafe on the way back, and had a coffee, I think that that was
for Vicky's benefit.

Back in our room, Vicky was the first to strip off, and go out onto the balcony.
The 2 older girls next door were out on their balcony, and said, "Hi" to us as
we all went out, and sat drinking water from a bottle that Jon had brought out.
Jon asked the girls where they had been. They said that they had been to a disco
called 'Kiss' but it hadn't been very good, so they had left.  Jon went in to go
to the bathroom and Vicky and me leaned on the front railing looking at the few
people walking back to their rooms, and talking to the girls next door. After a
while, they went in, and Jon came out. I hadn't heard him come out and he came
up behind me and leaned on me. He had an erection, and it went straight into me.
I said, "that's nice," and started wiggling my backside. Vicky didn't take long
to twig what was happening, and said, "I could do with a piece of that." Jon
didn't need a second invite. He pulled out of me and went to behind Vicky,
grabbed her hips, and slipped into her. I guess that she was as wet as I was
because there was no flinch, just a smile and a sigh. I said to her "I thought
that you were off men at the moment?"  "Only the ones that I don't trust, and I
reckon that I know enough about you two by now."  As they were going at it, I
could see her breasts swinging back and forward. So could the girl from next
door who had come out to have another look over the balcony. I caught her eye as
she was looking at Jon and Vicky, and I said, "don't they look happy?"  "Err,
yes, I suppose they do" was the reply before she went in. As I continued to
watch, I looked over at the girl's door, and could see 2 sets of eyes looking at
us.

It looked and sounded as if Vicky came, and I certainly recognised Jon's body
language. We went in, and lay on the bed, Jon in the middle, and us two on
either side. "What about me Master?" I said. "Right then" he said, "you had
better clean us both up, and you know how, me first."  I got onto my knees and
started licking his balls then cock. By the time I had licked all their juices
off, he was getting hard again, and I started giving him a blow job, but he
stopped me, and told me to start on Vicky, who was watching us, fascinated. I
climbed off the bed and went round to Vicky's side and knelt on the bed with my
knees up by her shoulders, and started licking her stomach. As I moved down to
her pubes, her legs opened for my forehead to get in between. I found her clit
then her hole, and stuck my tongue in. When I came up for air I could see her
hand wanking Jon. It wasn't long before her other hand was 'caressing' my pussy.
She was good with her hand, and it wasn't long before I could feel an orgasm
building, but she stopped, and when I turned and looked at her, she grabbed my
knee and lifted it over her. I wasn't going to object, and in a couple of
seconds we were in the classic '69' position.  She was biting my clit and
hurting me, but I guess that she had worked out that I would enjoy it. It wasn't
long before I shuddered and went rigid. I think that that bit just pushed her
over the edge as well, and she shuddered as well. When things had calmed down, I
realised that I had one of Vicky's pubic hairs somewhere in my mouth, and it
took ages before I finally managed to get it out. As I was doing so, I was
thinking that it had been a long time since that had happened. 

We went to sleep, on of either side of Jon, both with an arm and a leg over him.

Thursday August 6
I woke up with the bed bouncing up and down. Vicky was kneeling on either side
of Jon's hips and having a good ride. I reached up and started squeezing the one
nipple of Vicky's that Jon wasn't. When she realised that it was me, she looked
at me and smiled. I said, "good morning" and went to the bathroom for a pee and
clean my teeth. When I got back, they were both collapsed beside each other. "My
turn?" I asked, but Jon said not, it would be my turn later.  "But Master,
Vicky's getting more fun than I am." I made the mistake of saying. I regretted
it straight away, and the look on Jon's face was a little frightening. "Assume
the position" he said. "Getting a bit too cheeky lately young slave," he said.
"I think it's time for you to be reminded who's in charge here." He went and got
a leather belt from one of his pairs of trousers and dangled it in front of my
face. Vicky was just staring at me.

"Right" he said, "out on the balcony, and over that table, Vicky, will you hold
her arms down please?" We went out and I got over the table, and opened my legs
before he told me to. After a couple of adjustments in my position, he started,
and I started counting. After about 3, Jon was getting his aim better (or should
that be worse), and he was managing to get just one cheek, and the end of the
belt was wrapping round my cheek, and hitting my pussy and clit. I was having
difficulty keeping quiet, but the noise of the belt hitting me must have been
enough to attract the attention of the 2 young girls next door. Vicky told Jon
that she could just see them through the window. Jon said, "so what!" and
continued. Jon stopped when we got to ten, and I managed to hold back the tears
as I got up and went into the room. "And while we're at it, it's about time you
were waxed again. Get the stuff out."

I got myself ready, and lay on the bed waiting. Jon asked Vicky if she would
help, and they both did one leg each. I think that Vicky thought that that was
the end of it, because she started to clear up. "Hang on, we've still got her
pubic hair to do" Jon said. "Bloody hell, that's going to hurt" Vicky said. I
asked if I could have a gag, and Jon got the ball gag out and gave it to me. As
I was putting it on, Vicky said that she had never seen one of those before, and
had a good look at it. Jon did the front of my pubes, and then told me to lift
my legs. As I was waiting for Jon to pull the first strip off my lips, I could
see Vicky cringing, I guess that she could imagine how much it was going to
hurt. All credit to Jon, he did them very quick, and the gag didn't have to
suppress my screams for long. As I was getting up, I saw my bright red pubes and
lips, they were hurting nearly as much as my backside, but not as much as my
clit that was still suffering from the effects of the belt. Jon told me to go
and take a shower and then spend the next hour on the balcony, catching up with
the notes for this journal. As I was walking to the bathroom, I heard Vicky say,
"A bit hard on her weren't you?"   "No, she enjoys it, ask her" Jon replied.

When I came out, Jon gave me the little remote controlled vibrator, and told me
to put it where it belonged (after the previous session with it, we had decided
that I didn't need to wear the rubber knickers to be able to keep it in place,
just muscle power). Vicky watched as I put it in me, then Jon said, "and keep it
there until this evening." He then gave Vicky the remote control and said, "play
with that knob on and off during the day."   "What does it do?" she asked. "Just
try it - not now, but later, and see if you can work it out for yourself."

Jon and then Vicky went and had a shower, while I was writing my notes. After
that, Jon and me put on our vests, Vicky put on a wrap round skirt and T-shirt,
and we walked to a cafe for breakfast. Just as we were ordering, Jon said to
Vicky "I'm glad to see that you haven't put any underwear on Vicky." The waiter
stopped writing and looked at both Vicky's and my laps. I'm sure that he could
see my red pubes, but looking at Vicky, I doubt that he could see anything,
except for her red face, Jon had embarrassed her. Vicky finished first, and
started looking at the remote control. The inevitable happened, and I gave a
little shudder. Vicky didn't notice what I had done, and said to Jon "what's
supposed to happen?" Jon said, "Something did happen, give it time, you'll find
out." Fortunately, she turned if off again, saying she would try again later.

Jon decided that we would spend the day at the beach, and we went back to the
hotel and packed our things. Just after we had got in the car, Jon told me to
take my vest off, and he took his off. Vicky decided to 'go with the crowd' and
took her skirt and T-shirt off as well. Jon drove out of the car park and to the
end of the road. While we were stopped waiting for the traffic, a group of youth
on mopeds pulled up along side us; also waiting to turn left. It didn't take
long for them to spot us 2 naked girls in the car and within seconds, 3 or 4 of
them were bending down and looking in the windows. Vicky tried to cover herself
with her hands, but I thought 'what the hell' and just smiled at them. We drove
off, leaving them in the distance, but I think that Jon was wanting a bit of fun
because on the way to the beach, he drove into the airport, and deliberately
stopped alongside a bus full of people waiting to unload at the departures side.
I could see one or two people looking down before Jon drove off.

We pulled into the beach car park, and Jon decided to start a new row well away
from the others. That meant that we had a long walk in the open before going
through the other cars and into the trees behind the beach. Needless to say Jon
wouldn't let me cover up, Vicky decided to be the same way. Three cars came into
the car park as we walked across it before we got to the cover of the other
cars, and a few of the occupants had a good stare at us. On the beach, we parked
ourselves on sun loungers, and I rubbed sun tan lotion all over the 3 of us. I
lingered round Jon and Vicky's interesting bits, but nothing exciting happened.
We had a quiet day soaking up the sun until about mid afternoon when we went for
a walk along the water edge after going for a swim. All 3 of us walked the full
length of the beach, and got a few stares when we walked along the part that was
occupied by people with clothes on.

It was slightly uncomfortable 'wearing' the small vibe, and I think that Vicky
and Jon had forgotten about it. Jon decided to go for another walk on his own,
and was walking off when Vicky decided to put some more sun tan lotion on. I
hadn't seen her pull the remote out of her bag, or switch it on, but I certainly
knew when she did. I suddenly jumped, and said, "Ow."   "What happened to you"
Vicky said. When I told her that it was her, and that the box that Jon had given
her was a remote control for the vibrator that Jon had told me to put in that
morning, she was fascinated, and she kept playing with the switch and looking at
me. It didn't take her long to bring me to the brink of a climax, but at that
point she would switch it off, let me calm down, and then switch it on again.
She did this about 5 or 6 times, and I was getting very frustrated, and in the
end I said, "Please let me cum Mistress" without thinking. I think this
surprised her because she switched it on again, came and sat next to me and held
my hand while my relief came. After I came, she switched if off, and said,
"Vanessa, I'm not your Mistress, but I would like to be your friend, and I'm
enjoying giving you some pleasure." With that, she switched it on again, and
watched me slowly cum again.

After that, she leaned over me, and reached down and into me and pulled the vibe
out. I was that wet that I think I could have used just my muscles and squeezed
it out. Vicky went to her sun bed and discretely slid it into herself. She
played with the remote for a few minutes, and then gave it to me saying "your
turn to have some fun." I gave her a quick thrill, then said, "later" and
pretended to go to sleep. About 10 minutes later I woke Vicky up by switching it
on for a few seconds then off again. Neither of us said anything when Jon got
back, but I kept giving Vicky a quick 'burst' to keep her on her 'high.' I was
enjoying having the power to control Vicky's pleasure.   

Jon was hungry, so we put out vests on (Vicky her T-shirt), and we went to the
beach bar. I don't think we would have bothered with the vests, except that
there were a couple of policemen sat drinking in the bar. Jon didn't want to
risk a confrontation and said that the Spanish police were unpredictable. The
bar was crowded, and we had to sit on the edge of the floor, which was a wooden
platform about a foot above the sand. We'd been there about 15 minutes, when
some kids (about 11 or 12) started playing in the sand in front of us. I
suddenly realised that they were spending a lot of time laid on the sand looking
at us and whispering to each other.  It took me ages to realise that because we
were sat so low with our knees higher than our bums, they would easily be able
to see everything that we had got. I looked at Jon then Vicky and it didn't look
as if they had realised, so I decided not to say anything, and let the kids have
their fun. After a while, I think that they must have learnt enough about adult
genitalia to satisfy themselves for one day because they moved away.

We went back to our loungers, and settled down again. I was making notes for
this journal, but kept giving Vicky a little burst to keep her awake. Every time
I did, she looked at me and smiled as if to say 'keep it on please'. Needless to
say I didn't, I was enjoying it, but probably not as much as Vicky was. At about
5 o'clock, Jon decided that we were leaving, and took us the long way back to
the car. We walked through the sand dunes and trees, sometimes on paths that
were hardly paths. We came across a few people sitting under trees, or just
walking about. We saw 2 separate couple having sex and a couple of men on their
own playing with themselves. There was also 2 men playing with each other. At
one point when we were in front of one young couple with the girl riding the
boy, Jon said that he was thinking about us giving them a 'show' as well as the
other way around, but we didn't.

Back in the car park, there were hundreds of cars there, and it took us ages to
find our car. All the time, us 3 naked people were walking around, in and out of
rows of cars, and in between the lots of people who had decided that it was time
to leave. It was funny watching people reactions, some would just ignore us,
some would deliberately change direction to avoid us, some would stare at us,
and one or two would mutter something like 'tut' or 'well really' at us.

That was the English, I couldn't understand what the foreigners were saying. We
eventually found the car, and I climbed in the back, I wanted to have some more
fun with Vicky. I switched the vibe on for about 3 seconds, 3 or 4 times.
Eventually Jon realised what was happening, and as we were parking the car at
the hotel, he asked for the remote, and after we had put our vests and T-shirt
on and got out, he switched it on and left it on. Poor Vicky, having to walk
back to our room with the vibe buzzing away. By the time we got back to our
room, she was getting quite red, and having difficulty walking. She was cursing
and swearing at Jon when we got into the room, and he switched it off. He said
that she would have to remove the vibe, go out onto the balcony and finish
herself off out there. Well, when a girl has gone that far, she has just to
finish it, so she did. She didn't even notice the 2 young girls and boys on the
balcony next door. Not that it mattered because they were in various states of
dress, and more interested in each other than us. They looked as if they had
just discovered what fun girls and boys could have. I was having difficulty
deciding where to look, the boys next door, one with his cock sticking out of
the tops of his shorts, or one of the girls with nothing on with her little wisp
of pubic hair, or the other girl with just her knickers on, or Vicky who was
frigging for England.

Vicky came with a muffled scream and then collapsed into the chair. After a
drink, and a shower, Jon told us to get some rest before we went out for the
evening. I lay on the bed reading, and soon went to sleep. When I woke up, Jon
was sat on the balcony and Vicky was asleep beside me. Just as it was getting
dark, we went out, me wearing just my lacy net dress and Vicky wearing my white
latex dress. She had to keep pulling the hem down as it kept riding up to show
the creases at the bottom of her cheeks. We walked down the main street, and
found a little restaurant and had something to eat, before going into the bar
with the DJ.

That night it was Bucking Bronco night, and they were inviting the kids to have
a go, but as the night wore on and the younger kids left, the rides were getting
more interesting. The boozing teenagers were going flying as they tried to stay
on, and the DJ made the Bronco livelier. The DJ was having fun with the girls
and trying to get them to take their tops of. He was getting the lads to chant
'get your tits out, get you tits out, get your tits out for the lads'.

Most of them did, and he then started the Bronco that made their breasts really
bounce about.  The girls that wouldn't get them out had to turn round and face
the back and then a lad from the audience had to get on the normal way, facing
her. The girl then had to lay back and lift her legs onto the lad's shoulders,
giving the lad a great view of her knickers. When the DJ started the Bronco, it
wasn't long before the girl was flying off with her skirt round her waist.  That
seemed to please the lads.

We had been in there for a couple of hours, and had had a few drinks when Jon
decided that I was going to have a go on the Bronco. The lads all cheered when I
climbed on. Especially the ones behind the Bronco who could see what I wasn't
wearing. The DJ got it bucking for a minute or so, before he asked me to get my
tits out. When I said I couldn't because of the dress, he asked for a male
volunteer from the audience. He finally picked one from the ones that wanted a
go, and I had to turn round for the lad to get on. The DJ told me that I had to
put my feet over his shoulders. I thought 'well, showing one everything is
better that showing everyone everything', so I started to pull my dress up over
my bum so that I could get my legs up easily. Just then, I fell for the oldest
trick in the book; the lad said, "look at that" and pointed to the ceiling.
Being stupid, I looked up, and the lad suddenly grabbed the bottom of my dress
and pulled it up and right over my head before I knew what was happening.

I looked over to Jon, who waved his arms indicating that I had to get on with
it. There I was naked, facing a strange man, and Jon was telling me to lay back
and lift my legs over his shoulders. I knew that Jon would not be happy if I
refused, so I did it. All the lads in the bar were really cheering and trying to
get closer, and the lad whose neck my feet were round must have been able to see
that I was getting aroused. There was nothing that I could hold onto other than
the lad neck with my feet, but the lad could hold on to the bit of rope that was
just in front of his crotch. The problem was, that that was where my pussy was,
and his hands were resting on my pussy. The DJ started the machine, and my
breasts were wobbling about.  Needless to say I didn't last long, and I went
flying closely followed by the lad. I ended up lying on my back on the big air
cushions, with my arms and legs spread, with my feet almost in the audience. As
soon as I got my bearings, I managed to get off the air cushions, and then came
the problem of finding my dress, and getting through all the lads that were
stood around. I hadn't a clue where the dress was, so I had to start looking
round. The lads weren't going to miss an opportunity, and their hands were
everywhere. One even gave me a big sloppy kiss on my mouth. The comments they
were coming out with were amazing. By the time I'd got round to the other side
of the room I had lost count of the number of fingers that had been inside me. I
was really wet by then, so there was no resistance at all.

Eventually I found my dress and put it on. I should have realised that Jon would
have retrieved it, but I just didn't think, and that was the last place that I
looked for it. I was beginning to have visions of having to walk back to the
hotel naked. When I told Jon about that, he just said, "tomorrow." The DJ
managed to get a bit of quiet, and asked if anyone else would like a go on the
Bronco. I should have guessed that Vicky would, she'd been knocking the drinks
back, and was quite happy by that time. Up she stood, and went over to the DJ
waving her arms. Like most men, he didn't take long to spot a woman whose dress
barely covered her pussy and ass. The DJ asked her what her name was, and then
told her to get on the Bronco.  As soon as the lads around the cushions saw her
dress ride up even further as she lifted a leg onto the cushion, they realised
that they were in for another treat, and started cheering. She jumped onto the
Bronco, and then swung her legs round so that she could sit on it, and by the
time she was in the right position, her dress was up round her waist. The Bronco
stated slowly, and Vicky was doing quite well hanging on. When The DJ stopped
and asked her to get her tits out, she just pulled the dress straight over her
head. This caused even more cheering and comments from the lads. Vicky threw her
dress towards me, and I managed to get it without any problems. The lad's
attention had obviously moved from me to Vicky.

The Bronco stated again, and Vicky's breasts were bouncing a lot more than mine
were, but there again, they are bigger than mine are. She was doing well, and
lasted right through until the DJ stopped the Bronco, and said that it was only
fair that she shared her ride with one of the lads. It took ages for the DJ to
decide which one, I think they all wanted a go. Eventually one got on behind her
and put his arms round her and held onto her breasts. "No, not like that" the DJ
said, "she has to turn round and face each other like the last couple did." The
lad let go of Vicky who then tried to turn round, it was funny watching them as
she tried. They were hanging on to each other everywhere. At one point Vicky was
nearly stood up on the Bronco, balancing by holding onto the lad's head. There
was lots of laughter and cheers as various parts of Vicky were pushed towards
different parts of the audience. Eventually they were facing each other, both
holding onto the little rope between their crotches. I couldn't see, but I would
guess that somebody's hands were on somebody's genitals. The DJ still wasn't
happy, so Vicky had to lay back and lift her legs over his shoulders. Vicky did
this differently to me, I just had my ankle round the bloke's head, but Vicky
had her knees over his shoulders.  This meant that Vicky's pussy was just below
his face, and you can guess what happened next.  The lad just bent forward and
started to use his tongue on her pussy. There were lots of cheers from the
audience, but I think it was a bit too much for the DJ because he started the
Bronco.  In that position, they were both off in seconds, and ended up in one
big pile on the cushions.

Vicky had the same problem getting off the cushions, and back to us. It was
obvious from the time that she took, that she was enjoying herself, and when she
did get back she just said, "that was fun" and sat down. Jon gave her the dress,
and told her to put it on. A few more people had a go on the Bronco, and one
girl got down to her knickers, but the cheers were not as noisy as when Vicky
and me were on. After about an hour, both Vicky and me decided that we needed to
go to the toilet. When we got there, the place was in a hell of a mess, there
was water everywhere, and the toilet pan was smashed. We went back to Jon who
told us to go in the Gents toilet. When we got there, the toilet pan there was
broken as well. That just left the urinal on the wall. We didn't know what to
do, but we were both desperate, so Vicky suggested that we use that. "How?" I
asked Vicky. "Easy" she said, and stood either side of it just like the men do,
then she hitched her dress up to her waist, leaned back, and started. It worked;
she was getting it right on target.

When it came to my turn, I was just as accurate as Vicky, but I had to lean
further back because I wasn't quite as tall as her. I was in full flow, with my
dress round my waist, when a youth came in. At first he wasn't sure weather he
was in the right room, or what. After looking at the door again, then looking at
me again, then Vicky, Vicky said, "Ladies not working."   "Oh right" he said,
and continued to stare at me. When I finished, I turned round, still holding my
dress round my waist and said, "Anyone got a tissue?" The youth just kept
staring, and judging by the bulge in his trousers, he was going to have trouble
having a piss. Vicky giggled and grabbed my arm and pulled me out. When we told
Jon he laughed, and when the youth walked back passed our table, Jon said, "Is
that him?" loud enough for him to hear. Poor lad, he looked embarrassed.

The walk back to the hotel was uneventful, but as we were walking through the
hotel bar, someone whistled at us. I hadn't a clue why at the time, but in the
lift, Jon told me that his arm that was round me was on my bum, under my dress,
and on the top of my left cheek.  Most of my bum was on display, and I didn't
even know it. Vicky also hadn't realised that his right arm was doing the same
to her. He said that we had walked most of the way back to the hotel like that.
I guess it was a combination of being used to having nothing covering my bum,
and the fact that I was enjoying having Jon's arm round me. Back in the room we
stripped off and went on to the balcony. It was all quiet out there, and we
talked for a while and drank some water before going to bed. Jon was in the
middle, and I don't know if he and Vicky had any sex, because I fell asleep
straight away. 

Friday August 7
That morning, I woke up first, and decided to wake the other two with my mouth.
Knowing that Jon is a heavier sleeper than Vicky is, I decided to start on her,
and carefully got out of bed, and went round to her side. I kneeled on the floor
and started licking her stomach and moving down to her short and curlies. I was
obviously having the desire effect because her legs opened enough for me to get
my tongue to her little clit. She started moaning a little, and then opened her
eyes. I stopped, and carefully leaned over to Jon, and started licking his cock. 
Vicky whispered "don't stop," to which I said, "later", and took Jon in my mouth
and started licking and sucking. It wasn't long before he was hard, and I
whispered to Vicky to get on him.  As I backed off, she carefully got up and put
her knees either side of his waist, and lowered herself onto him. I decided to
offer my pussy to his mouth, and carefully climbed on in front of Vicky. I guess
that I wasn't careful enough because just as I got on, he opened his eyes to see
my moist pussy right in front of his face. "Nice way to wake up" he said, and
pulled me down onto his face. No sooner than I was there, his teeth were chewing
my clit. Vicky started going up and down, and put her arms round me and started
rubbing my nipples between her fore fingers and thumbs.

Vicky had had a head start, and came first. She was quickly followed by Jon, who
bit my clit as he came. The pain made me cum quickly, and in the end, I think we
all came within a minute.  After we had showered, we went onto the balcony and
talked about what we were going to do that day, Jon said that as it was our last
day, Vicky and me could decide. Vicky said that she hadn't seen much of the
island, and I said that I would like to go to a beach and then Ibiza town again.
Jon said we could combine the lot, and told us to pack a bag. We went straight
to a cafe just down the road and had some breakfast before walking back to the
car at the hotel.  Before Jon would let us get in, Vicky and me had to take our
T-shirts off, and give them to him through the window. As soon as we did, he
stated the car, and drove a hundred yards down the road. That left the 2 of us
naked in the car park, with people looking down on us from their balconies, and
some kids about 11 or 12 walking towards us. There was nothing else that we
could do, we just ran after Jon, hoping that he wouldn't move again. He didn't,
and we jumped in. Vicky said, "that was fun," as soon as she got her breath
back.

We spent a couple of hours just driving around, and as far as I can tell, no one
realised that there were 2 naked women in the car. I'm sure it would have been
different if Jon had hired an open top jeep. We drove all over the middle of the
island, and stopped at a sleepy little village for some lunch. Jon told me to
put just my white bikini on, and to adjust it so that it covered even less
flesh. He said that the place could do with waking up. Vicky borrowed my vest,
matching what Jon was wearing. We wandered round a bit, and then stopped at a
little cafe.  Before we went in. Jon grabbed the front and the back of my bikini
bottom, and pulled it up.  He nearly lifted me off the ground, and I thought
that I was going to be cut in half. When he let go, the crotch that was only one
inch wide was inside my lips. Inside there were 4 old men and a young girl
serving. We took a table near the door, and Jon told me to put my feet up on
another char, and keep my feet a few inches apart. When the girl eventually came
over to us, she was greeted by the sight of my pussy lips staring at her, and
when she turned to face Jon, she would have been able to see his cock and balls
because I could. Vicky was the only one of us that was decent - if you ignore
the fact that you could see the whole of the outside of her left breast, right
to and including part of the aureole.

The girl said something to Jon in Spanish that he didn't understand, and after
she looked back at my pussy, she asked him what we wanted, in English. After Jon
told her, he had to tell her again, because she hadn't heard him as she was
staring at his balls and cock. Eventually our drinks and then sandwiches
arrived, and each time she came over, she had a good look at both Jon and me.
Afterwards, she went back to the bar, and was talking to the old men. I guess
that she was telling them about us, as they kept looking over to us. When it
came for us to leave, Jon caught the eye of the girl, but it was one of the old
men who came over to give us the bill.  He had a real good look at my crotch
before putting it on the table and leaving. When we left, Jon told us to take
our clothes off before we got into the car. This wouldn't have been so bad,
except that there was some kids hanging around the car park. The older ones just
stared at us as we stripped, and then drove off. We drove to Cala Conta beach,
and parked under the trees.  Just as I was getting our belongings from the back
of the car, a bus load of people went passed, blowing a cloud of dusty sand all
over us, but this wasn't before everyone on one side of the bus had a good look
at me.

Jon had me walk across to the steps down to, and onto the nude part of the beach
without putting any clothes on, but Vicky wrapped her towel round herself. We
settled down to soak up the sun and after an hour or so, we all went for a swim.
We ended up round the corner just off the clothed part. Well I say clothed, one
of the first things that I saw when I looked up towards the beach was a woman
walking along the waters edge wearing only a bikini bottom. As she passed right
in front of us, the bikini bottom just didn't look normal. There were no sides
to it.  Jon came up with the answer; it was moulded in some type of plastic. How
it was staying in place we didn't know, but Jon said that it must have some sort
of dildo built into it, so that she could grip onto it with her vaginal muscles.
I said that it sounded fun, and Jon promised to try to work on a way of making
one. Jon told us that since it was our last day on holiday, we were going to try
to liven the place up a bit, and that we were going to get out of the water
there, and then walk back to our towels. 

Some of the people we passed were real prudish, and we got the odd comment of
"they should be arrested" and "it shouldn't be allowed."  We just ignored these
and kept walking back to our towels where we put some more sun tan lotion on and
soaked up some more sun. As the afternoon wore on, Jon decided that we would go
back to the hotel and have a swim in the pool. What he didn't tell us was that
we weren't to wear anything until we got back to our room, after a swim.  Well,
getting back to the hotel was quite easy, but we then had to get from the car
park, and into the pool. It took us a good 10 minutes to do the 100 yard trip,
hiding behind anything we could find, as people walked by. We used the back
entrance, but there were still quite a few people walking about. The last bit
took the most courage, as we had to walk (run) for about 20 yards through the
sun beds and then jump into the pool. Jon had gone ahead carrying our clothes,
and was waiting for us in the pool. Fortunately, it was getting toward 6
o'clock, and there wasn't a lot of people around the pool, or in it. It was the
group of teenage boys that took the most notice, and they followed us around in
the water.  Only one of them had some goggles, and they changed hands quite a
lot.

We ignored them, and eventually they gave up, and went back to throwing their
ball to each other. Jon told me to introduce Vicky to the jet of water at the
quiet end of the pool. At first, she couldn't understand what I was talking
about, but as soon as she got her knees either side of it, she just didn't want
to move. I had a real problem getting her to let me gave a go. Jon swam over to
us, and told us that he was going to take the hire car back, and for us to go up
to our room in about 15 minutes. We took it in turns on the water jet, but
neither of us reached a climax. Close, and it was good, but not quite there. We
guessed at the 15 minutes, and then swam to where we got in. We didn't really
expect to find our things there, so we weren't disappointed. We waited for a
time when no one was looking at us, and the jumped out and ran for it. We had to
go past one of the bars, and got a few cheers from a group of men, but I didn't
even look at them. We made it to the room with only having to hide once, but the
room door was locked when we tried to get in.  Jon wasn't there. What could we
do, there wasn't any cover outside our room, so we just had to wait and look
casual. It wasn't long before our neighbours, the 2 young girls arrived, with
the 2 boys. We said, "Hi" to them, and started telling them that we were locked
out. The boys wouldn't stop looking at us, and I guess that they were doing
things to us 'in their dreams' because they both had bulges in their shorts. All
4 of us females noticed, and the 2 young girls told them to 'calm down'. Vicky
then asked if we could wait for Jon in their room, and we all went in.

All 6 of us were sat around talking about nothing special when the 2 young girls
decided to go to the bathroom, leaving the 2 boys alone with us. Vicky asked the
boys if they were embarrassed being alone with 2 naked girls. They looked at
each other and then one of them said, "no."   "But it does turn you on" Vicky
said. They both denied it, but the bulges in their shorts said otherwise. Vicky
then asked them if they would like to be naked as well. They both shook their
heads up and down, so Vicky said, "come on, get them clothes off." They both
turned their backs to us, and stripped off and just stood there. I was beginning
to enjoy their embarrassment, and said, "turn round then." When they did, they
both had erections, not very big ones, but then again, they were only 14.

Just then, I heard a noise next door, Jon must be back, I thought for a few
seconds, then asked the boys to come and lay on the bed next to where we were
sitting. I don't know what they were expecting to happen, but as soon as they
were laid flat, I got up and went to the bathroom and quietly asked the girls to
come out and join the party.  When the 3 of us walked into the room, both the
boys were staring at Vicky who was sat right next to the boys, holding a cock in
each hand. I said, "Come on Vicky, Jon's back" and the boys looked up. When they
saw the 2 girls, they tried to cover their cocks with their hands as Vicky got
up. The 2 girls were giggling, trying to work out what to do next.

We left and knocked on our door for John to let us in. Taking the car back had
taken longer than he had thought, but he said that he should have realised as it
was Spain we were in. Jon decided that since it was our last night, then we
would pack our bags then go and have a good meal, then go into Ibiza town. We
would come back to the hotel just before the coach was due to pick us up. Jon
told me to wear my short wrap-round skirt and white bikini top, and Vicky
decided to wear just a thin cotton button down the front dress. We packed our
bags, and walked down to one of the Chinese restaurants, and had a most
enjoyable meal, with lots of white wine. I think we were all a little happy when
we got a taxi into Ibiza town. We wandered round the harbour area looking at all
the 'unusual' people, and into some of the clothes shops.  In one of the shops
Vicky saw a dress that she liked, and tried it on. Jon made sure that she didn't
close the curtains to the changing cubicle, and a middle-aged couple that were
in there had a good look at her as she changed. I think that she is getting used
to people seeing her naked now or maybe the wine was helping.

We didn't buy anything, and moved on. We walked further along round the harbour,
and came across a lively 'English' bar, and Jon decided that the wine was
beginning to wear off and that we needed a drink. It was quite big inside, and
was full of young people. There was a DJ that was keeping the dance floor full.
Jon decided that we would stay there for a while, and we managed to get a corner
to stand in. After a while (and a few bottles of San Miguel), some drunken youth
came in, and started causing a bit of trouble. A fight started and the customers
that didn't want to get involved, moved to the sides of the room. The bouncers
moved in, and there were bodies flying everywhere. I think that Vicky was a
little scared, and I know I was, Jon put his arms round our shoulders to comfort
us a bit. One youth landed just in front of us, and started to get up. Just as
he got to his knees, someone pushed him, and he fell towards us. He grabbed for
something to stop him falling, but there was nothing there but my skirt. It all
happened so quick, one second he was getting up, the next he was down again, but
this time with my skirt in his hand. The little bit of velcro holding it round
me had given way, and I was now naked apart from 2 small triangle of thin white
material that were just about covering my breasts.

The youth on the floor at my feet did a double take as he got up, so did a few
other people that were nearby. I quickly put my skirt back on as the bouncers
won the fight, and threw the drunks out. As the place was settling down, the DJ
told everyone that we were in Spain, and that bouncers can get away with a lot
more than they can in England, so causing bother wasn't a good idea. About 30
minutes later, the DJ announced that they were going to have a wet T-shirt
competition, and if anyone wanted to enter, then they were to go and see him.
Jon decided that I should enter, and asked Vicky if she would. After some
thought (and another San Miguel, she agreed and we both went and entered. An
hour later, we were in this little room with 3 other girls, and being given the
T-shirts. Somehow, we managed to be fourth and fifth on stage and sat waiting as
the other girls went and did their bit. Girl one came back in with her T-shirt
still on and very wet. I could see her little nipples and knickers through the
nearly see-through cotton. Girl two came back with her T-shirt torn and tied
under her breasts.  She was wearing a white thong that was slightly see-through
because of the water. Girl three came back wearing only her knickers and
carrying her T-shirt, her big breasts bouncing like soggy watermelons.

I had been thinking, and when it came to my turn, I said to Vicky "let's do a
double act."  She agreed and we both whipped our clothes off and put the
T-shirts on. We got a funny look from one of the girls when she saw that we both
didn't have any knickers on.  We ran out and onto the stage, and I told the man
that we were doing it together. "OK, a little shy are we?" he said to us. 'Silly
man' I thought as we stated to dance to the music. They weren't messing about,
and within a minute, we both had buckets of water thrown at us. We were
drenched, and the thin T-shirts were sticking to us. I could see exactly where
Vicky's bush was, and what colour it was. The audience were shouting "Get your
tits out,"  "Get 'em off,'" and "skin, skin, skin."  I moved over to Vicky and
got hold of the top of her T-shirt and ripped it a bit down the front. I wasn't
sure that I would be able to do it, but I was surprised how easy it was. These
were probably very cheap T-shirts. Vicky took the hint, and did the same to me,
but the rip was longer and my right breast was uncovered. The audience loved it.
It was my turn again, and this time, I ripped Vicky's T-shirt right down to her
waist. Just as I finished that, more water came flying at us.

Vicky wasn't going to let me get the better of her, and grabbed my T-shirt and
pulled. Not only did it rip right to the bottom, as I turned away, it came right
off me. I was naked in front of the whole audience who were cheering very
loudly. I grabbed what was left of the T-shirt, and held it front of my pussy
and then looked at Vicky. She was smiling and waving a finger at me as if to say
'No', but that wasn't going to stop me. I grabbed her T-shirt and pulled. It
only took a second for her to become naked as well. I threw my T-shirt into the
audience, closely followed by Vicky's, and we danced naked together. I decided
to play to the audience a bit, and moved to the front of the stage. There were
lots of hands reaching towards me as I got on my knees (legs apart), leaned
back, and danced like that for a while. Vicky was moving about, and getting very
close to the hands, but I never saw any touch her.

The music stopped, and we went up to the DJ who told us to stand next to each
other while he called the other girls out. I think that they were a little
surprised when they saw us naked. It was 'vote time', and the DJ asked each girl
to step forward so that the audience could vote by the loudness of the applause.
On que, girl one lifter her T-shirt to 'flash' her breasts at the crowd. Girl
two, ran to the front, and ripped her T-shirt off, and threw it into the
audience. Girl three just waved at the audience, but when the DJ said 'four and
five', I grabbed Vicky's hand and pulled her to the front. I don't know why I
did what I did next, but I faced her, put my arms round her waist, pulled her to
me, and gave her a big sloppy kiss, right on the lips. At first, she didn't
respond, but within a couple of seconds we were swapping spit with each other. 
At the same time our naked breasts were rubbing against each other, and the
audience were cheering very loudly. It only lasted a few seconds before I pulled
away and turned so that my back was to the audience. I bent at the waist,
wiggled my ass at them, then pulled Vicky back to the DJ. The DJ declared Vicky
and me as winners, and gave us a bottle of champagne.

All 5 of us entrants went back to the little changing room, and put our clothes
on. As Vicky and me had a head start on the others (both ways), we were dressed
and leaving first. As we were walking out, I heard one of the girls say that
they didn't stand much of a chance winning, with those 2 exhibitionists in the
competition. We both ignored the comment and went to look for Jon. It took a few
minutes as the place was still crowded, and Jon had moved from our original
place. When we found him, he told us that the competition had taken longer that
he thought it would, and that we had to leave.

We got a taxi back to the hotel, but Jon told the driver to stop about half a
mile from the hotel.  To start with, I didn't realise what Jon was up to, but he
dragged us into a dark alley, and told us to take our clothes off, and give them
to him. He then told us that we were going to liven the place up a bit, and that
we had to walk back to the hotel naked, and go through reception and to our
room, and not to use the back entrance. It was a good job that it was dark, but
there were still quite a few people about, mainly young people who were still
moving from bar to bar. Jon told to get going, and left us saying that he would
be in the room waiting for us.

Well, Vicky and I looked at each other, and she said, "Well, I reckon that we
have 3 options.  One is to stay here and hope that Jon comes back for us. Two is
to just run like hell, right down the main street, and don't stop for anything.
And three is to try and get back using side streets and hiding when we see
someone. What do you think?"  We discussed it for a minute or so, and decided
that it was too far to just run fast all the way, and there was no chance that
Jon would be back. We decided on a compromise, start with option 2, and when we
got nearer the hotel, we were going to run for it. It was slow going, every time
we saw someone, we would dive behind a car or wall, or whatever was available.
In a way, it was fun, and at one point, I touched my pussy, and it was wet, so I
guess that I was finding exciting. We made it down to the beach, and decided to
follow that as far as we could. At least there was less chance of us standing in
some dog shit. At one point, we heard a noise, and ducked behind a pile of sun
loungers, only to be confronted by a naked couple having sex. I'm not sure who
had the biggest surprise, but we decided to run for it from there. We stopped
behind a parked car just at the bottom of the road to our hotel, and got our
breath back, before deciding to do the last bit as fast as we could, and hoping
that there weren't many people in the reception area. I remember seeing a couple
of people, and hearing someone shout something, but I don't know what they said.
It seemed like hours, but it must have only taken seconds to fly through
reception and up the stairs. It was only when we got to our corridor that we
slowed down to a walk. When we got to our room, the door was locked, and Jon
wasn't answering our knock.  After a couple of minutes, we heard someone coming,
and Vicky said that it might be the hotel manager coming to tell us off or
something. We hid in an alcove, and I was relieved to see that it was Jon. He
told us that he had waited in reception to make sure that we went through.

Back in the room, Jon told us to shower and get ready to leave for home. We had
10 minutes before the bus arrived. When we got out of the shower we only had
time to put on what Jon had got out for us. Everything else was in our cases
ready to go. Vicky chose the long wrap-round skirt and blouse, which left me
with my favourite cheesecloth dress. Jon wore just a T-shirt and shoes.

Out the front of the hotel, the bus was waiting, and we jumped on. As we were
walking down the aisle, I heard the words 'that's them', and 'streak'. Jon was
smiling as we sat on the back seat. We had a long wait in the airport, the
flight was delayed and the place was so crowded that the only place we could
find to sit was the cold marble floor, which wasn't very nice with no knickers
on. Jon didn't get changed until we were in the departure lounge.  On the
flight, Jon asked Vicky how she was getting home, and she told us that she would
be waiting for a bus. She said that she wasn't back at work till the Monday, and
that her 2 flatmates were away for the weekend. Jon invited her to come home
with us and said that he would drive her home on the Sunday afternoon so that
she had time to get back into the 'old routine' before the Monday. It wasn't
long before Jon was pushing the pile of mail away from the back of the door and
we were home. After a quick tour Jon told Vicky that she had a choice of 3
places to sleep, with me, with him, or on the 'punishment' bed. She chose me and
we fell asleep next to each other just as the sun was coming up.

Saturday August 8
I woke up a couple of hours later, to the smell of bacon cooking, and the
pleasure of Vicky playing with my clit. I opened my legs a bit wider, and Vicky
said just "make the most of it girl."  I didn't get much chance to because Jon
came in and told us that breakfast was ready.  Thank god for freezers. We eat
breakfast on the patio, still naked, and enjoying the unusual British sunshine.
It was nearly as warm as it had been in Ibiza. Vicky said that it seemed strange
being naked outside in England, that she had never even thought about doing it,
but that she was getting to enjoy being naked anyway. After a few minutes, she
said that she was puzzled by the scaffolding, and asked what it was. Jon said
that he would show her after we had finished breakfast. I cleared up, and Jon
told me to get the ropes. It wasn't long before Vicky realised what it was, and
remembered that I had told her about it. Jon asked her if she wanted to try it,
and when she said, "yes please," he helped her get onto it, laying face up while
I got the ropes. As we tied her on, she said that she was a bit nervous about
being so helplessly tied up, but it was me that re-assured her by saying that
Jon wouldn't let us come to any harm. Pleasure yes, but no harm. After tying her
firmly in place, Jon told me to get a stool, and proceeded to attach my wrists
to the top bar, facing Vicky. He then moved the stool, and tied my ankles to
each upright. I looked at Vicky who was straining to see what was happening to
me.

Jon took his belt off, and gave me 5 strokes on my butt. The first I knew of
what was happening was when the first one landed. Automatically, I said, "One -
thank you Master" and wondered what I was being punished for. It was only
afterward that Jon told me it was because it wasn't me that had cooked
breakfast, Saturday wasn't my day off, so it should have been me. Jon asked
Vicky if she wanted to try being spanked. She told us that she was worried that
she couldn't take the pain, but the idea did excite her a little. Jon told her
that he would spank her, but wasn't sure when. And just to 'help' matters, he
put a blindfold on her and started cracking his belt on the scaffolding poles.
Each time one landed Vicky jumped a little (not that she could move far). I
could tell that the anticipation was turning her on because I could see her
pussy lips swelling and opening a little. I could also see her juices starting
to sparkle in the sunlight. Jon was obviously having a bit of fun with us,
because he then untied us and told me to go inside and up to the punishment
room. He also asked Vicky if she would like to join us. I guess that she did,
because she ran upstairs long before Jon and me. Jon restrained her by tying her
wrists to the top corners of the bed, then bent her body double, and tied her
ankles to the same top corners. Her butt was up in the air with her legs apart
and her still hairy pussy smiling at us. Jon told me to sit on a chair in the
corner, so that Vicky could see me, and I was to masturbate when he started
caning Vicky.

After flexing the cane, and swishing it through the air a couple of times, he
landed the first stroke, Vicky screamed loudly and I started. I did the counting
for Jon. After the second, and another loud scream, Jon decided that he has
better gag Vicky, and he put the ball gag on her.  She struggled a bit as he put
it on, but it didn't stop him. After the third, I could see tears running down
the side of her face, and the red weals on her ass. Jon moved so that he could
get her from a different angle. I recognised the position; he was going to see
that the end of the cane caught her pussy and maybe her clit. The fingers of my
right hand were working hard, and it wouldn't be long before I was cuming. Jon's
a good shot with the cane, and the expression on Vicky's face told me that the
fourth stroke was on, if not very close to his target.  When the fifth stroke
landed, her orgasm was unmistakable.  Her entire body spasmed, her widespread
legs quivered uncontrollably, and her hips undulated up and down as wave after
wave of agony and joy coursed through her ravaged body. It took her the best
part of ten minutes to come down from her pain-induced high.  She remained
almost motionless throughout the orgasm, save for an occasional "twitch" of her
thighs or abdomen as the after-shocks diminished in intensity.

I had cum just as the fourth stroke landed, and after the fifth, both Jon and me
just watched her. It was amazing, I don't think I have ever cum with an
intensity like that. I stood up and went over to her. She was covered in sweat.
The skin on her butt wasn't broken, but the red marks were glowing, and you
should have seen her pussy. The lips were swollen to about three times their
normal size, and her clit was twice as big as normal. Her juices were running
both over her ass hole and down her back, and down onto her belly. Jon untied
the ball gag, and she let out a big sigh. When Jon untied her ankles and wrists,
her legs came down onto the bed and she gasped, but didn't move. It was a good 5
minutes before she got onto her feet, and finally said, "Wow, that was amazing,
I've NEVER had an orgasm like that. It was fantastic. My ass hurts like hell,
and I need some cold water, but the pain was / is nothing when you think about
the pleasure it brought."   "You want some more then?" Jon said. "Not right
now." Vicky replied. After a long, slow, cool bath, Vicky joined us downstairs.
She didn't want to sit down, but kept pacing up and down. Finally she said, "I
don't understand what just happened, On the one hand I wanted to experience some
bondage and corporal punishment, and I never expected it to hurt so much. On the
other hand I was a little 'excited' at the thought, but I never expected to find
it such a turn-on. I have never, ever had such a strong and deep orgasm. It was
amazing. I just don't understand why, what's the link between the pain and
pleasure?" Jon told her that he also couldn't explain it, but it's there, and
well established. Then he asked me what I thought. Well, what could I say, I
don't understand a lot of things, so I just said, "Who needs to understand it,
it works for me, though I've never had an orgasm like you did." Then I asked Jon
if he thought that some more pain would make me cum like that. "Well try that
some time," he said before turning to Vicky and asking her what she was
thinking. She said, "I can't explain it, and it's not logical, but I want you to
give me more. I will do anything just as long as you promise to do that to me
again."

It was getting late in the afternoon, and Jon decided that he was hungry. He
sent Vicky and me to the Chinese for a take-away. We each put just a dress on
and took Jon's car, Vicky getting in very carefully. The Chinese had long
benches for customers to wait on, and they were covered in plastic. Vicky kept
standing up, moving along, lifting her dress up a little, and sitting down again
so that her bare bum sat on cold plastic. "Still on fire?" I asked her. I
haven't a clue what the young Chinese girl behind the counter was thinking.

Jon decided to take us to a quiet country pub that evening, and nothing
interesting happened, I think that we were all a little tired, and when we got
home we went straight to bed.

Sunday August 9
I woke up next to Vicky in the 'spoon' position, with my right hand cupping one
of her breasts.

I could hear Jon moving around, so I thought that I had better get up and get
breakfast ready.  As I walked to the bathroom, Jon walked out of his bedroom,
and grabbed my pubes. "Think you had better have a shave today girl"  he said.
Just as he started to go down stairs he turned and said, "I've got a better
idea, wake Vicky up, and get the shaving things into the punishment room. You
can shave me, then yourself, then Vicky."  "Yes Master" I replied. I didn't tell
Vicky that she was going to be shaved. She sat silently as I started on Jon. It
wasn't long before he got an erection, and unfortunately I nicked the skin on
his balls. "Twenty strokes with the tawse for that later" he said. I finished
off, and cleaned the shaving cream off with a damp cloth. The bleeding had
nearly stopped, and he told me to get on with myself.  Vicky still sat silently
as I got into every little nook and cranny and made sure that I had got every
little hair. I was getting a little moist by the time I had finished.

When I turned to Vicky and told her that it was her turn, she said, "but I've
never shaved before, and what will my flat mates say when they see me?" Jon told
her that there's a first time for everything, and so what if her flat mates do
see her, she could tell them that it's the 'new' Vicky, and that they should try
it. "In fact" he said, "make sure that they do see you, walk around naked
whenever you can."   "I'll have to think about that one," she said, but she
didn't object when I asked her to lay on the bed with her legs wide open. I did
a little but of trimming with the scissors, and then started with the razor.
Vicky kept telling me to be careful, but it wasn't a problem, I've had plenty of
practice shaving my pussy, so I knew where I had to be extra careful. What was a
problem, was the fact that Jon still had his erection, and he was stood behind
me as I was bending over the bed to get at Vicky. The inevitable happened, and
just after I had told Vicky that she was in safe hands, those hands were
bouncing about as Jon thrust in and out of me. I managed to avoid cutting her
and I have to admit that my finger did 'slip' inside her at one point. Jon
didn't last long before he came with one final hard thrust that nearly sent me
across the bed on top of Vicky. After that he went and had a shower while I
finished Vicky off - in more ways than one.

I got breakfast ready while Vicky was in the shower. After breakfast, Vicky
asked Jon if he would take her home, as she had a few things to take care of
before going back to work. On the way Vicky said that it felt strange without
pubic hair, then immediately asked if she could come and visit us again soon.
Jon said, "OK, but there are 2 conditions, firstly you arrive with no clothes,
other than short dresses and shoes (unless otherwise directed), and secondly
when here you will obey my every command, without question, you will follow the
same rules as Vanessa. Is that understood and agreed?" After a pregnant pause,
Vicky said, "OK, I agree."

We dropped Vicky off outside her flat, which was in a big terraced house in the
centre of Nottingham. She had to climb up about a dozen steps to get to the
front door, and I could see her butt up her short dress. As we drove back, Jon
told me to stick my feet up on the dashboard with my legs apart, and to play
with myself, but to stop before cuming. Back home Jon told me that it was time
for me to receive my punishment, and told me to strip, then go and bend over the
scaffolding frame. It must have been 30 minutes before he came out to me, by
which time I was starting to get aroused with the anticipation. My legs were
already apart, waiting in the position that Jon liked, and although I could hear
him come outside, I wasn't expecting the first stroke so soon and I
involuntarily jumped up - just natural reactions. Jon wasn't amused and told me
that it would cost me another 5 strokes. We started again, and I counted them in
the usual way. By the time we got to 20 I was crying, and only just managed to
stop myself from screaming as the last one landed. The tawse maybe about 3
inches across, but it can hurt nearly as much as the cane. Jon left me out
there, still bent over the scaffolding, and as he went in, told me to get
cleaned up when I was ready. In the shower I gave myself the relief that I
needed.

After that, Jon spent the rest of the day going through the mountain of mail
that he had received, both physical and electronic, and I hardly saw much of
him.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing August 10
Monday and Tuesday may have been my days off, but I had a lot to do, so I just
got on with it.  The weather was very warm all week, so I only wore clothes when
I had to go out to the supermarket. I wanted to show-off my tan, so I only wore
my short wrap-round skirt and a baggy crop top. This caused a couple of lads in
the supermarket to follow me around. At the freezer section, I just had to show
them how far up my legs my tan went. After that, I decided to wear my Ben Wa
balls for the rest of the day. In fact I kept them in until the Tuesday morning
when my period started. 

Thursday evening Vicky rang to ask if she could come over for the weekend, and
asked if we could meet her at the bus station on the Friday evening. Jon said
OK, but remember the condition that she was to wear only a dress and shoes, and
bring nothing with her, other than her purse. By Friday lunchtime I had finally
managed to get this journal up to date. I just hope that I've remembered
everything as it happened. Jon tells me that my keyboard skills have improved
tremendously this week. Since I typed that song on Wednesday, I haven't been
able to stop singing it. I just can't get it out of my head.

Friday evening we met Vicky at the bus station and it brought memories back to
me of the first time that I met Jon there, only I think I was a lot more nervous
than Vicky was when we met her. We went straight to this big pub that used to be
a bank. It was still early, and we were able to get a table, and some food. Jon
asked her how her week had been, and what she had up to. Vicky said that the
week had been very quiet and dull compared to the last few days in Ibiza and
then at our place. Work had been a right drag, but it had been a little livelier
on the Thursday, after she had decided to go to work at the building society
without underwear. She said that it had been strange talking to people and
wondering what they would say if they knew what she wasn't wearing. I then told
her all about my short job at the shoe shop, which made us all laugh. Just as I
was finishing, the girl arrived with the food, and as she was putting it on the
table, Jon asked Vicky if she had been shaving every day, walking around in the
nude, and what her flat mates had said about her shaved pubes. Vicky blushed, I
smiled, and the poor girl serving the food nearly tipped Jon's food on his lap.
Vicky waited until she had gone before saying that it had taken until the
Wednesday for her to pluck up the courage, and she had walked from her room
through the lounge to the bathroom when both her flatmates had been there. Kelly
(one of the flatmates) had noticed the lack of pubic hair and asked what was
going on. Apparently, Vicky had then told both Kelly and Liz a little bit about
us and a little bit about the fun that she had had on holiday with us. She had
told them a little bit about her holiday on the Sunday night, but had not
mentioned us until the Wednesday night. Both had been interested in what she had
said, and neither of them had tried to criticise her.

After we had finished the food and had a few more drinks, Jon asked her to prove
that she had nothing on under her dress. When she asked "How," Jon told us to go
to the toilet, and swap dresses. "Vanessa would not lie to me," he said. "Nor
would I" said Vicky, and just as we were about to go, Jon added that we had to
do it in the open area near the sinks, not in a cubicle, and we had to do it as
soon as we got in there, and not wait until the place was empty.

When we got in there, there were 2 teenage girls talking and touching up their
makeup. I looked at Vicky and said, "OK, lets do it" and we just lifted our
dresses over our heads. The 2 girls just couldn't believe their eyes, and
stopped talking and stared at us. I decided to give them something else to think
about, and said to them "Our Master just ordered us to do it."  With that Vicky
and me swapped dresses, put them on, and walked out. As we were walking back
Vicky said, "that told them."

When we got back to Jon, I told him what had happened, and he said, "So Vicky
isn't wearing any knickers then."   "No Master." I replied. After that we had
another couple of drinks (Jon was on cokes - driving), before heading for home
where Jon asked Vicky if she was ready for some pleasure. I think that both
Vicky and myself were a little drunk, because we both giggled a bit as we took
our dresses and shoes off. Jon told us to "assume the position" and then made us
wait like that while he stripped off, and then went and got the tawse. First he
told me to put Vicky over the back of the sofa and give her 20 strokes, and then
Vicky had to give me 20. I actually gave Vicky 23 because she didn't count the
first 2 so they didn't count, then she jumped up after the 19th, so that didn't
count as well. We both had red bums, but there were no weals like you get when
the cane has been used. After that, Jon took us up to the 'punishment' room and
'restrained' us, together. It was certainly different, first our own ankles were
tied together, then we had to lay facing each other, but with our faces in front
of each others pussy. Next we had to bend our knees and open our legs so that
the others head could get between our legs, and our mouths were on the others
pussy. The next bit was more interesting because Jon then tied our hands behind
the others back, then tied our thighs together behind the others head. This
meant that we were locked together, and couldn't get our faces far from the
others pussy. Neither of us needed any encouragement for what Jon said next,
which was "the one that makes the other cum first, can sleep with me tonight."

Well, we both started licking and sucking. I was glad that Vicky had shaved, I
hate getting a pubic hair in between my teeth, or stuck in the back of my
throat, and tickling me. We were both doing our best, and I'm sure that we were
close. I had Vicky's juices all over my face and even started gently biting her
clit. Trouble was, the more I went for Vicky, the more she went for me. I was
trying to resist cuming by concentrating on giving Vicky everything I could, and
trying to ignore the pleasure that Vicky was giving me, but you can only ignore
that sort of pleasure for so long, and in the end, I think that we came within
seconds of each other.  Jon decided that it was so close that he would call it a
draw. We were both going to sleep in his bed. The question was, 'which one of us
was he going to fuck?'  Jon untied me and told me to untie Vicky and then follow
him into his bedroom.

As it turned out, he didn't fuck either of us, well not with his cock. He had us
get into the bed on either side of him, but with our heads at his feet. He
wanted to use his hands on us. He told us not to move while he started working
on me with his right hand. I could see the bed quilt moving over where Vicky's
pussy would be, so I presume that she was getting the same treatment. It was
only minutes since Vicky had made me cum, and Jon wouldn't let us clean up
before getting into his bed, so I was still very relaxed and wet, in fact my
juices were all down the inside of my legs, and I'm sure that I was getting the
bed wet as well. It wasn't long before his fingers were inside me. Gradually he
put more and more fingers into me until it felt like he had all 10 of his
fingers in me, but he couldn't have because I could still see the quilt moving
over Vicky's pussy, and judging by the expression on her face, she was getting
the same treatment as me. I was pleased that I had had the drinks earlier and
was quite relaxed, otherwise I'm sure that it would have been painful. It was a
bit, but that pleasurable pain.  After a few very nice minutes, Jon said,
"Vanessa, you win, I managed to get my whole fist in you a full 30 seconds
before I could get my other fist into Vicky. Now I want you to wank me until I
cum and catch it your other hand. Then I want you to let it drip into Vicky's
mouth before licking your own hand clean." It didn't take long, presumably
because he had had a hard-on since tying us up, and watching us, and then
playing with us must have made him close to cuming before I started. Anyway, I
caught just about all his cum, and let it drip into Vicky's mouth. She didn't
seem keen at first, but as soon as she tasted it, she opened her mouth even
wider. I wasn't going to miss out, and as soon as it stated to stop dripping, I
licked my hand clean.

I went to sleep with Jon's hand still inside me.

Saturday August 15
When I woke up, Jon's hand had gone, but I was still soaking wet, it couldn't
have been gone for long. I turned and looked at Vicky and then Jon, they were
both still asleep. I lifted the quilt and looked down to see that Jon had a
morning erection, and that his left hand was still inside Vicky. I though that I
would take advantage of his erection, and slowly lifted the quilt off us, got
up, and slowly squatted down onto him with one foot in between his legs, and the
other on his right side. I held his cock upright and eased myself down on him. I
didn't intend to disturb him, but I guess that I should have known that I would,
because his right hand suddenly came round my right side, and pulled me down
very quickly. The shock and pain of him suddenly being into me 'right up to the
hilt', made me gasp loudly, and Vicky woke up. She tried to sit up, but was
stopped by Jon's left hand that was still inside her, and she shouted "Ow."  "OK
Vanessa" Jon said, "now that you've started that, you may as well finish, and
I'll punish you later for taking advantage of me."  As I was going up and down
on him, I heard a big 'plop' as his left hand came out of Vicky. She stood up
and looked down at her pussy. She couldn't see that her hole was still gaping
wide open, and I told her to go and look in a mirror quick. A few seconds later
I heard Vicky say "Fucking Hell!" She came running back into the bedroom and
said, "look at my pussy, my hole's never been that big before," but Jon and me
had other things on our minds, and within seconds Jon was cuming in me. When he
stopped jerking, he told me to get off him. I hadn't managed to cum.

I went downstairs and started breakfast while Jon had a shower and got dressed.
After that, Vicky and me had a shower together (and a shave). While we were
there, Vicky gave me the relief that I needed. After breakfast, I dressed in
Vicky's black leather skirt and a baggy cropped top while Vicky put on a thin
cotton dress, but left all the buttons below her pussy undone. As she walked
along, I could just make out her bald pubes. Jon decided that we would go
shopping in Birmingham. We drove there, got parked and went to a pub for a
drink.

Unusually, the warm weather had lasted reasonably well, and it was a warm day.
We wandered round a few shops before deciding to try on a couple of dresses in a
little dress shop a bit off the main shopping area. The shop sold mainly
cheesecloth clothes, and I picked a dress that was even baggier than my existing
cheesecloth dress. Vicky chose a short baggy skirt and tank top. We went into he
changing room, and within seconds we were naked and putting the clothes on. When
we went out to show Jon, the girl assistant came over and said that we both
looked good. Jon wasn't so sure, and told us to try the others clothes on. Vicky
turned to go back to the changing room, but Jon stopped her by saying, "get
changed here." The girl looked a little surprised as I lifted my dress over my
head, leaving me naked, in the open shop, and right in front of her. She stated
to say something, but Jon cut her short by saying "It's all right, they're both
used to it."   "But what if someone comes in?" the girl said. "So what!" was
Jon's only reply. By that time Vicky was naked too, and we were swapping
clothes. Fortunately, or unfortunately, no one came into the shop while we were
changing and trying the clothes on, and we left without buying anything. We did
however leave the girl assistant something to thing about, as she seemed a
little flustered by our antics.

Just down the street was a 'love aids' shop and Jon took us in. It was the first
time that Vicky had been in such a shop, and she was amazed at what she saw. She
kept saying "come and look at this!"  or "what are you supposed to do with
this?" Jon bought 2 things, a set of Ben Wa balls for Vicky, and something else
that he wouldn't show us, but he promised to show us later.  In the end Jon had
to drag Vicky out of there, and she wanted to put Ben to work as soon as she
could, but Jon told her to wait. From there we walked back to the main shopping
area and went into a big department store. Jon wanted to go up all the
escalators, and insisted that he went up in front of us. By the time we had gone
up most of them, I was sure that we had a little group of men following us
around.

On the way home we stopped at a country pub for some food. With it still being
so warm, we sat outside and enjoyed the evening sun. Jon told me to sit facing
the way that everyone came it, and with me not being able to cross my legs, I
was sure that one or two men going into the pub saw what I wasn't wearing, but
no one said anything, or came back for a second look.  After a couple of drinks,
Jon went onto soft drinks, but Vicky and me stayed on the white wine.  By the
time it got dark and we left, us 2 girls were getting quite happy, and Vicky
didn't say a word when Jon told us to take our clothes off before we got into
the car. I wouldn't have cared a bit even if there had been anyone else in the
car park at the time, but there wasn't, so we got in and drove home.
Fortunately, or unfortunately, we didn't have to stop at any traffic lights or
roundabouts, so the journey was uneventful.

When we got home we were sent straight up to the 'punishment' room, and had to
lie on the bed, one at each end. First of all, we had to play with each other's
clit until we were both wet.  That didn't take long. Then Vicky was tied
spread-eagle to all four corners. After that, things got a bit more interesting.
Jon passed me the package that he bought that afternoon, and told me to open it.
It was a double-ended dildo and I had to work it into Vicky. After that I had to
put my left leg under Vicky's right leg, and my right leg over her left leg, and
then ease myself onto the dildo. Once it was in as far as it would go, and our
pussies were just touching, Jon tied my ankles to the same posts that Vicky's
wrists were tied, and my wrists to the same posts that Vicky's ankles were. This
left us with our legs interlocked and pussies just touching, with the
double-ended dildo half in me and half in Vicky. Jon then switched the light off
and said, "see you in the morning."  We managed to shuffle round a bit so that
neither of us had much weight on the other, but each time that one of us moved,
the other 'suffered' as well. I quite enjoyed trying to push my pussy against
Vicky's. For quite a while, we were both trying to fuck each other, but in the
end, I think that I got the better of Vicky because she came first.  I think
that my pussy muscles must be stronger than hers. I kept fucking Vicky until I
came as well, and I guess that my jerking as I came must have pushed Vicky over
the edge as well because she came again. I imaging it was quite a spectacle, the
2 of us cuming like that, the more we came, the more we jerked, which meant that
we were both getting fucked more and more. It seemed like it took hours for us
to calm down. Vicky and me spent ages talking about everything and nothing
before finally falling asleep. 

I have to admit that it I enjoyed being restrained with Vicky like that,
although it wasn't much was fun, waking up in the middle of the night and being
unable to move without disturbing both Vicky and me. 

Sunday August 16
We were both still asleep when Jon came in that morning, and he decided to take
a photograph of us like that before releasing us. We got up to see that there
was a big wet patch on the bed where our pussies had been. I went down stairs to
get breakfast ready while Jon and Vicky got showered and dressed. While I was
down there, there was a knock on the front door, and without thinking, I
answered the door to find the paperboy with a bill for the papers.  Apparently
Jon had forgotten to pay for them so the newsagent had sent the boy to collect
the money. I don't know which of us got more of a shock. It was the look on his
face that made me remember that I was naked, but by that time it was too late,
so I invited him in while I went for some money. Just to try to tease the boy a
bit more, I took my time, and made sure that he could see me while I was getting
the money out of my bag. The poor lad just didn't know where to look, his eyes
were jumping from my breasts to my pussy. The bulge in his shorts told me that
he was old enough to understand what he was seeing. When I gave him the money he
had real problems saying 'thank you' and he just stood there staring. In the end
I had to tell him to go. Just as the door shut, Jon came down stairs and asked
who was there.  When I told him, he said, "you realise that he'll be back every
week now don't you?"  Before I had time to answer, Vicky came downstairs and
asked what was for breakfast. Vicky finished getting it ready while I showered
and shaved, then we all ate breakfast with me still nude.  After Jon finished
reading the papers, he decided that we would go to the gym for a quick workout.

Vicky didn't have any gear with her, so Jon leant her mine, and I had to wear my
green shorts and my white baggy crop top. The only piece of equipment that I had
to worry about was the leg stretcher. As it turned out, Vicky got more attention
than I did, the white lycra was stretched a bit more on her than me, and I could
see it cutting in between her pussy lips quite a bit. Vicky wanted to do a bit
of weight lifting, and lay on a bench with her head at one end.

She had the weight bar on her chest, and was lifting it up to arms length. When
she started struggling a bit Jon told me to 'spot' her. Well I think that's what
he said. I had to stand at her head and hold the bar lightly, so that if she was
going to drop it, then I could catch it. It wasn't long before her arms gave
way, and I had to try to hold the weight. The problem was that it was going
towards her stomach, and the angle was all wrong. We ended up with the weights
bar on her stomach, and me lying on top of her with my legs either side of her
face. The weights were obviously not hurting her because she suddenly gave my
clit a quick lick, which was easily accessible to her because of the baggy legs
in the shorts. This caught me off guard a bit, and I rolled off her onto the
floor. Only problem was that when I landed, my legs were wide open leaving my
pussy clearly visible. This poor old man looked as if he was having a heart
attack. After I had got up and helped Vicky get the weights off her, I looked at
Jon; he was laughing quite a bit.

From there we went for a swim, me in my white bikini and Vicky still in the
shorts and top. We messed about in the water for about 30 minutes, and both of
them kept pulling my top off my tits. In the end I didn't bother pulling it back
down until we got out. There weren't many other people there, and I think that
nearly all of them must have been either blind or gay. Only one boy, about 12,
noticed me, and he kept swimming as close to me as he dare. After the swim we
went into the sauna for about 15 minutes. We were the only ones there, and Vicky
and me lay on the benches. While we were talking, I noticed how pronounced
Vicky's pubic bone is.  When she is laid on her back it sticks up higher than
her hips and with the thin white lycra I could easily see every detail of her
pussy. When I told her about it, she told me that I should look at my self.
Apparently the narrow crotch of my bikini bottom had been off centre ever since
I had put it on, and all one side of my pussy and my clit had been uncovered,
and when I was laying on my back, it was clearly visible. Jon said that he had
noticed as well, but he wasn't going to tell me, and when I went to adjust it,
he wouldn't let me, and I had to stay like that. After a while a middle aged man
that had been in the gym came in, and spent the rest of the time that we were in
there looking from Vicky's crotch to mine. His staring was so obvious that I
started to feel uncomfortable, and I was glad when Jon said that we were
leaving.

On the way home, Vicky was asking me if I would do absolutely anything that Jon
told me.  When I said, "yes" Jon, said that he would prove it, and when we got
home he told me to go in and get a blindfold while he and Vicky waited in the
car. When I got back in, he put the blindfold on me, and we drove off. We drove
for about 30 minutes before the car stopped and we got out. Jon told Vicky to
say absolutely nothing while I was led up some steps and then onto some grass. I
could hear cars and people talking, but I had no idea where I was. When we
stopped, Jon said, "right, now you will see just how obedient Vanessa is" and
then to me he said, "take your dress off, assume the position, and masturbate." 
There I was, naked, on my knees, and frigging myself with my right hand for all
I was worth. I couldn't see a thing, but I could hear people talking. I could
even make out what they were saying. I just had to trust Jon, and hope that
non-of the people could see me. It didn't take long for me to cum, I think that
it was the excitement of where we were (where ever that was), and the fact that
I knew that Vicky and Jon would be watching me. After I came, Jon told me to get
up and he gave me my dress back. I put it on, and I was led back to the car. I
had to stay blindfolded for the first 10 minutes of the journey. On the way I
asked where they had taken me, but neither of them would tell me.

On the way home, we stopped at a pub and had some lunch. The pub was one that
had a beer garden and some equipment for the kids to play on. After the food,
Jon told me and Vicky to go and have a go on the swings. She was pushing me
quite hard, and I was going quite high. It was fun, but every time that I went
forward, my dress would blow up and my belly was exposed. It was a good job that
I was sat down otherwise my pussy would have been on display and I wouldn't have
been too happy about that as there were too many young kids around. After the
swing, we had a go on a wooden see-saw, and I got a good view of Vicky's pussy
each time her end of the see-saw went to the ground, leaving her with her bum
virtually on the floor, her feet flat on the floor, and her knees up in the air
and wide apart. I suppose that I must have been showing as much as her, but I
wasn't thinking at the time. "Leaving your snail's trail again" Jon said as we
got off, and I looked back, and saw the wet patches that our pussies had left on
the wooden seesaw. I was really in 'big kid mode' and wanted to have a play on
the climbing frame, but Jon wouldn't let me, said that my lack of underwear
would be too much for that place. But he did say that it gave him some ideas.

When we got home. Jon told us to take our dresses off, and then to put our Ben
Wa balls in. He told us that we both had to wear them for 3 days without letting
them come out even once.  Vicky said that she might have a few problems at work,
especially when Jon told her that she wasn't to wear knickers as well. I knew
that I could manage for 3 days, but I remembered when I had first started
wearing them for a long time when I wasn't concentrating on keeping them in. I
had had to push one of them back in a couple of times, and could just imagine
the embarrassment if one dropped onto the floor in the middle of a place like a
building society.  The problem I had found was that if I concentrated on keeping
them in by gripping them with my muscles, then I get turned on, and it can be
really difficult not to have an orgasm. If I just relax and try to forget them,
then they can drop out. I guessed that Vicky was going to look a bit strange to
the people she worked with.

We all sat in the lounge with a glass of wine, and started talking about nothing
special. The subject of orgasms came up, and Vicky talked about the incredible
one that she had had the previous weekend when Jon had caned her. I had never
had one so intense, and I looked at Jon and said, "Master, I want to have an
orgasm as intense as the one Vicky had last weekend, please beat me until that
happens." Jon reminded me that he had caned Vicky quite hard, and that he
thought that my pain threshold was a lot higher than Vicky's. He said that it
would take a lot more pain for me to go 'over the top', and even then, I might
not react in the same way as Vicky. I told him that I was willing to try it, so
he told me to frig myself up to the starting point of an orgasm and then stop
and wait for 5 minutes, then start again.

While I started this, Vicky was saying that she didn't know if she could manage
the full 3 days with Ben in. She didn't think that not wearing knickers would be
a problem though. Jon told her to try, and see how she got on. The subject of
the conversation changed away from sex, but even so, it didn't take long before
I had to stop frigging myself. After the third time, Jon told me to bent over
the back of the sofa and spread my legs. Vicky went for the cane, and the tawse.
They took it in turns to give me 6 strokes each. Vicky had the tawse, and she
didn't put the same conviction into it as Jon. I was starting to get worked up
again, and managed to avoid screaming out. I was crying by then, but I still
wanted more. Jon told me to get off the sofa, and get on the floor on my hands
and knees with my knees as wide apart as I could. He then had Vicky lay on the
floor in such a position that I could suck her pussy while he started caning me
again. Because I had to suck Vicky, Jon let me off counting the strokes. This
time, Jon was stood by my side, and when the next stroke landed, the end of the
cane flicked round my ass, and hit my pussy. That did make me scream. After 3 of
them, I was starting to cum, and I started shaking, but Jon didn't stop. If
anything he went faster. My pussy was throbbing to such an extent that I thought
it must have swollen to the size of my ass cheeks. Well it felt like it. After 2
more strokes which both found my clit, the pain didn't seem to matter any more. 
I was still screaming, but with pleasure. Before the next stoke, Jon put one leg
either side of Vicky's waist, and I could see his body move as the cane came
down.

It hit me in the crack of my ass, and went right down the length of my pussy.
It's one thing the end of the cane getting just one part of my pussy, but this
one seemed to get every bit of it at once. The entrance to my ass as well. Well,
it hurt so much that I bit Vicky's little clit, and the shaking that I had been
doing, erupted into a violent shake. I fell over on my side and shuddered as I
came. It seemed to go on for hours, but Jon said it was less than 2 minutes. As
I calmed down, I realised that I was sodden with sweat. After a while Jon told
me to go and take a shower before we took Vicky to the bus station. We both put
just a dress and shoes on, and left. On the way, Jon told her to telephone every
evening to let us know how she was getting on with Ben and no knickers. It was
real painful sitting in the car, and when we had dropped Vicky off, I asked Jon
if I could get in the back, and lay on my side.

Back home, Jon went to work on his PC, and I watched TV lying on my stomach on
the floor.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing August 17
In a way I was glad when Wednesday came round. I had lost count of the times
that I had had to stop doing whatever, either to delay an orgasm, or to have
one. I got some real funny looks in Tescos and as I was getting on the bus.
Fortunately, the weather wasn't too bad, and it was still warm enough for me to
wear just a thin dress and shoes. As usual, there were a few young shelf
stackers following me round Tescos. One was even a young girl, and after I
realised that she was deliberately watching me, I decided to go to the toilet to
see if she followed me in there. She did, and I had to do a quick bit of
thinking to see what I could do to expose more flesh to her. After a sudden
burst of inspiration, I turned both taps on at full blast, and the water came
flying out of the sink, and all over me. I pretended to be surprised, and
'slowly' rushed to turn them off. By the time they were off, all down my front
was wet. I swore and said out load "what the hell am I going to do now?" The
girl took the bait and said that she would help me dry my dress, so before she
had chance to do anything else, I reached down, grabbed the hem, and pulled it
off, over my head. She just stared at my now naked body as I held the dress out
towards her and said, "thanks love." After a few seconds she woke-up and started
to say something about holding it in front of the hand dryer. "Haven't you got a
bigger dryer somewhere out the back" I asked, and she started to say something
about me being left without any clothes. "Don't worry about me" I said, "this is
the ladies room." With that she walked out looking a bit puzzled and back at me.

So, there I was, naked apart from my shoes, in a supermarket toilet. After a
minute, I started thinking about who could walk in, would the girl come back,
what would I do if she didn't come back, and would anyone pinch my trolley while
I was in there. I started getting bored, and excited. After a while a girl of
about 10 came in, stared at me and went into a stall. When she came out, she had
trouble washing her hands as she kept looking at me. As she went out, I could
hear her telling her mother that "there was a women in there with no clothes
on." As they moved away, I could just hear her mother say "Don't be silly." Just
after that, another couple of teenage staff girls came in and were giggling as
they both went into the same stall. I could hear then whispering about me, but
couldn't quite make out what they were saying.  When they came out, they both
kept looking at me, but didn't say anything. Shortly after they left, the
original girl came back in, and gave me my dress back. Nice and dry too. As I
was putting it back on, she asked me if we could meet for a drink sometime. I
quickly wrote Jon's number on the back of her hand (her pen), and left her
standing there. My trolley was still there when I got out and I finished my
shopping. When I got to the checkouts, there the girl was on one of the Tills. I
went and joined the queue at her Till and as I got closer to being I could see
her getting red in the face. As I paid, I smiled at her and said, "you've got my
number" and left.

On the Thursday evening, Jon came home a bit early, and said that we were going
jogging before tea. He told me to put my tennis dress and trainers on, and off
we went. I had a bit of trouble keeping up with him, and the wind was causing me
a bit of concern. There were too many people around, and my dress was
threatening to do a 'Marilyn Monroe'. We headed off down this path across a few
fields, and I was able to forget about my dress, which ended up around my waist
a couple of times. Fortunately, there was no one around to see anything. Out in
the middle of nowhere, Jon decided that we would stop and have a rest, but it
wasn't much of a rest for me, and Jon decided that he wanted to watch me do some
cartwheels. I hadn't done any of those since I was a kid, and it took a few
attempts to get it right again. He also had me doing handstands against a big
tree, and got me to stay upside-down for as long as I could. Because of the
dress I was wearing, I couldn't see a thing when I was upside-down, and when I
collapsed after my last attempt, there was an old man walking his dog stood
right next to Jon, and only a few feet from me. My dress was still up round my
waist when I landed, and I was so shocked to see him that I just froze in a heap
with my legs wide open and my pussy staring at him. He must have though he had
died and gone to heaven. After what seemed like hours, he smiled and walked on.
Jon just said, "get-up" and "let's go," and we were off heading home. When we
got back to the road, I had to keep turning every time I though that the wind
was going to 'flash me' to try to avoid it happening. I didn't want to risk Jon
seeing me hold my dress down, as I knew only too well what that would result in.
I'm sure that I nearly cause at least one accident as I heard the screeching of
car tyres behind me at one point.

When we got home, Jon told me to take my dress off, and tied me to the
scaffolding frame for half an hour "to cool down" he said, but with him stood
between my legs and giving "a good seeing to," I didn't cool down much until he
got the hose pipe out afterwards. He gave me a good soaking, outside and inside
(pussy and arse). With the practice that Jon has been giving me, I can now
squirt the water back out 'on demand' front and back, providing that I don't get
too full. The problem this time was that it had been a while since I had been to
the toilet and some brown lumps came out as well. I was getting a bit cold by
the time Jon finally untied me, but I still had to use the hose pipe to wash
away the brown bits before he would let me go inside and dry myself before
getting tea ready.

Saturday August 22
Vicky didn't ring this weekend, and I was a little disappointed. I wanted to
find out how she had got on with her 3 days wearing Ben. Never mind, I had a
good weekend anyway. Jon dragged me out of bed at 7:00 am and told me that we
were going away for the rest of the weekend, and we packed the car and drove to
Skegness, that wonderful (!) little seaside resort. When we got there we drove
round until we found a Bed and Breakfast place, it was a little Hotel with its
own little bar. Jon had me wear one of my cut-of tops with a flared skirt (no
underwear of course). Fine until I start reaching up, or bending down, or it
gets windy, and I'd forgotten all about these problems until it came to me
getting the bags out of the car and taking them up to our room and a group of
teenage boys whistled at me showing them my ass.  I was dead pleased that Jon
got us a double room, even if it was the cheapest in the Hotel, and didn't have
its own bathroom, but it did have a window that covered most of the outside
wall.  The view out was onto a bigger Hotel.

We left the car at the Hotel and walked into 'town.' Skegness is a typical
English seaside town, geared-up for tourists who want to enjoy themselves and
drink too much. We went into the amusement arcades and had a go on the fruit
machines. Jon saw some 'bumper' cars and we got one each. It was only after
about 5 minutes of what seemed like every male driver bumping into me, that I
realised that with all the bumping, and me being very active with the steering
wheel, that my top had risen up, and both my nipples were showing. No wonder all
the men were trying to bump into me. I pulled my top down when Jon wasn't
looking, but it wasn't long before they were out again. After the second time I
gave up and just ignored it.  What the hell!  Further down towards the sea we
came across a fun fair. Jon wanted to go on one of those machines that is like a
cage with giant elastic bands on it. You get in, and then the ends of the bands
are extended high into the air. When a lever is released, the cage (with you in
it) catapults you high in the air. That made me scream like hell. As we were
coming down each time, my skirt was blown up round my waist, but I guess that no
one saw anything because I was sat firmly in the chair.

I say no one saw anything, but that's not true, when you get into the cage
you're strapped in with a belt round your waist, and one that comes-up between
your legs. The young man that strapped me in must have had a right eyeful. I
don't know if he was supposed to, but he didn't pull the strap between my legs
tight. I think that that was why my skirt blew up.

As the cage was settling down I noticed the video camera that was fastened to
the front of the cage. It was pointing directly down at us and had a little
flashing red light on it. When I told Jon about it he just said, "I guess that
they're recording people's expressions." "And the girl's skirts going up round
their waists" I thought to myself.

When it came to get off, I had a little trouble getting my balance, and the
attendant grabbed hold of me to steady me. It was only after I got my balance,
that I realised that his arm was about a foot higher than my waist, and that his
hand was on my left tit. He let go of me when he saw Jon looking at him. Silly
man, he should have realised that as Jon wasn't going to say anything.

From there we went into a cafe� and had some 'traditional English Fish and
Chips.' They tasted good to me, and Jon said that they "weren't bad."  After
that we went down onto the beach, and walked a fair way south. We came to a
relatively quiet stretch, and Jon decided that we would soak up some sun for a
while. It wasn't that hot, but it was warm enough to lay out in our swimming
costumes. Jon stripped-off to his undies and lay on a towel. He was wearing one
of his pairs of fine net mesh undies, and because I was close to him, I could
clearly see his dick through the thin material.

He told me to wear just the bottoms from my white cotton bikini. I had to strip
naked, then put them on, then lie (on my stomach), on my towel. I'm sure that
non of the few people who were there noticed that I was naked for a minute or
so.

After a while, I got tired of lying on my stomach, and turned over onto my back.
Don't know if it was the distance that we were from other people, or my short
hair, or my small tits, but no one seemed to notice, not even when I propped
myself up on my elbows. Shortly after that.  Jon decided that we were going to
go into the sea for a swim. Boy was it cold. My nipples were like thumb ends,
and they ached with the cold. We were messing about, and Jon pinched my bikini
bottoms and then decided that we were getting out. He only picked a time when a
group of teenagers were walking by. I had to walk out of the water and up to our
towels stark naked.  There were a few comments from both boys and girls, but I'm
getting used to that, and I just smiled at them and kept walking.

When we had got dried and dressed, we walked back to the Hotel where Jon decided
that we should relax in the room before getting ready to go out for the evening.
We stripped-off and lay on the bed, and it wasn't long before I was fast asleep.
When I woke up Jon was lying there looking out of the big window. We could see
into the windows of rooms in the other Hotel about 50 yards away. Apart from 2
young women in one room, walking about in just their knickers, there was nothing
else of any interest. Jon told me to go and take a shower before getting
dressed. I wrapped one of the Hotels towels round me, but it wasn't very big,
and I had to hold the two ends together as I didn't have much confidence that it
would stay in-place on its own. When I found the bathroom it wasn't locked, so I
went in. It looked as if it had been a bedroom at one time, and was quite big.
There was a bath, two showers, and a toilet, all with curtains round them. It
was then that I discovered that the door wasn't locked because the lock was
broken. I'd taken my towel off, and was just about to get into one of the
showers, when the door opened and in walked a middle-aged man. He just stopped
and starred at me. I just said, "hello" and got into one of the showers. After a
minute or so, I heard the curtains for the other shower open and close, but as
they closed, the curtain between the two showers opened about two feet. I don't
think that he realised at first, because I was watching him have his shower. He
had masses of black pubic hair, and a tiny little dick peeking out of it. I
stopped looking when he turned my way, but from the corner of my eye I could see
that he was looking at me. I pretended to ignore him, but made sure that I gave
him a real good show. I even washed the inside of my pussy lips in full view. I
noticed that his dick had grown, and was now an almost reasonable erection. When
I was finished, I dried myself, and then just before wrapping the towel round
me, I pretended to 'just' notice him. I looked at his face, then down at his
erection, and then said, "naughty, naughty!" and walked out.

When I got back to our room, Jon was still laid on the bed looking out. It was
starting to get dark by then, and there were lights on in some of the rooms in
the Hotel out the back. When I got into the room Jon turned on our light, which
meant that anyone from any of the rooms in the other Hotel would be able to see
us if they looked. Jon told me to drop the towel and get myself ready to go out,
but not to put a dress on. He wanted me to give anyone looking a good display. I
walked back and forth getting things out of our bags, and then taking them over
to the dressing table, rubbing moisturising cream all over me, and various other
things to keep me active. All this time Jon was stood at the side of the window
trying to see if anyone was watching me. He said not, but I suspect that he
wasn't telling me the truth because he told me to lay on the bed with my legs
wide open facing the window, and to masturbate until I had cum.

Just before I got there, he climbed on the bed and had me ride him until we both
came. I actually came twice before he came, not sure if it was the excitement of
knowing (suspecting) that some strangers were watching us. After Jon had calmed
down, he wrapped a towel round his waist and went for a shower. He told me not
to get dressed until he came back.

After he left, I lay on the bed looking out of the window. All I could see was
the rooms that had lights on, and one or two people moving around, but it wasn't
very clear because the light was on in our room. I decided to turn the light
off, and have another look. I wasn't really surprised to see 2 rooms in almost
darkness, with people looking over our way. I couldn't see enough to work out
any ages or sexes, but I decided 'what the hell' put the light back on and
brought myself to a third orgasm.

Jon had me wear my lacy net mesh dress that night, and after a good meal in a
Chinese restaurant, we went to a pub down on the sea front, that was a real fun
pub called Idols. It had a dance floor, DJ (who was a real nutcase), and a
little stage; and the bar staff (men and women) were all scantily dressed. There
wasn't anything actually showing, but it wouldn't have taken much for them to
have been really exposing themselves. One hunk of a young man was only wearing a
pair of cut-off denims with lots of cuts in them. It was obvious that he had
nothing on underneath them. I didn't feel at all out of place with only a thin
dress that was full of little holes. The place was crowded, and the DJ was
making the night go with a swing. He was cracking some really crude jokes, and
everyone was really enjoying it. When I mentioned to Jon about the crude jokes
he told me that he would take me to see someone called Chubby Brown who was even
worse that the DJ.

We were both drinking beer and I was getting happy. Some of the bar staff were
putting on little 'suggestive' shows that were going down well, and the DJ was
getting a few people onto the stage to dance at times. He asked if anyone was
celebrating a birthday, and Jon told me to go and tell him that it was mine. I
didn't really want to, but I did. The DJ told me to go onto the stage, and have
a little dance with some of the bar staff. When I got on there, two of the male
staff came onto the stage with me. One of them was only wearing this rubber
chicken (guess where), and he got lots of cheers from the girls in the audience.
The other one (who was just wearing a pair of CK boxer shorts told me to stand
between them like the jam in a sandwich. He told me to 'thrust' back and forward
with them, in time with the music. When the record started it was the one that
has the words 'we're having a gang-bang, we're having a ball' etc. and we were
going backwards and forwards. I guess that the rubber chicken was bouncing up
and down, as I could see the girls in the audience pointing at the man in the
front part of the sandwich.

When the record finished, the man in front turned to face me, and said that we
were going to do it again, but this time with us clapping our hands above our
heads. After about a minute, I noticed that I couldn't feel the man behind me.
Then all of a sudden, with me with my hands high in the air, the man behind me
grabbed the hem of my dress and whipped it up and off.  Before I could do
anything, the man behind put his arms round my waist and lifted me off the
ground. My feet had hardly left the floor before the man in front turned round,
bent down and opened my legs and pulled them round his waist. I grabbed for his
neck to stop me from falling over, but we both went over. We ended up with him
on his back, with me laid on top of him.  But with my legs bent double under his
shoulders. I couldn't move because he was holding firmly onto me. When I think
back, I must have been giving some of the people at the front of the stage a
real eyeful. All I could do was listen to the cheering, and the DJ saying
something about 'that was the best one yet.'

When I finally managed to get up, the man in the CKs gave me a bottle of
champagne and a T-shirt, and thanked me for being such a good sport. To hold
those, I had to stop trying to cover myself, and I started to hear comments from
the audience. My dress had been given to the DJ, and I had to go and get it.
There were lots of roaming hands as I tried to squeeze my way through the crowd
to get to the DJ, and I'm sure that some of those hands were female ones.  When
I got to the DJ he asked me if I usually didn't wear knickers. It was only after
I said, "never" and there was a big cheer from the audience, that I realised
that the question and answer were both going out over the PA system. I grabbed
my dress and ran back to Jon who took ages to stop laughing. But he wasn't
laughing enough to not stop me from putting my dress back on for about five
minutes. A couple of drinks later, Jon decided that we would have a dance, and
we went onto the floor. It really was crowded, and we could hardly move. There
were a couple of times when I felt a hand groping my bum as people squeezed past
me. One cheeky youth managed to get a finger in my pussy, and when he got past
me and Jon, he turned and looked at me. When he knew I was looking he stuck a
finger in the air and made a big deal of licking it. Guess where that finger had
been.

When we went back to our seats, someone was sitting there Jon had been, so he
stood in front of where I had been, with his back ready to sit down. He turned
me so that I could sit on his lap, but before he actually sat down I could feel
his hands doing something near my bum. As we sat down I got one hell of a shock.
As I was bending down, my dress rode up and I could feel his dick touching my
pussy. It was a good job that I was still very wet, otherwise it would have been
painful as he went up to the hilt in the one movement. If anyone had been
looking, the gasp and look on my face would have told them that I was being
fucked, right there, in  public, with people sat either side of us. The
excitement was incredible. I wanted to move up and down, but Jon was holding me
firm. With my back to him, my legs were open a bout six inches, but it was
probably too dark for anyone to have seen up my dress. But anyway, they had all
seen me naked a short while before. It was a good job that his trousers had a
button fly as I guess that a zip could have been a little painful for either of
us. We stayed like that for about twenty minutes with me passing Jon his drink
at times. I did manage to rock back and forwards a bit, and I could really feel
the juices flowing. In the end, I suddenly felt Jon tense up and then he came
inside me. After another ten minutes or so, he started to go soft an then he
told me to stand up, but stay in front of him as he fastened his trousers. When
we got outside I could see the big wet patch on his trousers where both our
juices had leaked out of me.

We staggered back to the Hotel, me more pissed than him, and stripped off and
collapsed on the bed. Before I knew it, it was next morning, and the sun was
shinning in through the window. We hadn't bothered to close the curtains, and
the lights were still on. Us two naked people asleep on top of the bed would
have been easily visible to anyone in the other Hotel who cared to look.

Sunday August 23
When Jon woke up he decided that we should do some exercises before breakfast.
Jon stood me right in front of the window looking out, and he told me what
exercises to do. I really had trouble with my co-ordination as I moved my arms
and legs. In the end Jon gave up and put me across his knee and gave me 50
spanks with his hand. When I got up (with tears in my eyes - Jon is getting too
good with his right hand) I looked out of the window and saw a young couple
staring at us. When they saw that I had seen them, they clapped their hands and
disappeared from view.

After that, we went to have a shower and we didn't bother to close the curtains.
With the door lock still not working, the inevitable happened, as I was shaving
my pubes (still in the shower), a teenage girl came in on us. We all stared at
each other (I could see her eyes going up and down both our naked bodies) for
what seemed like ages, until Jon said, "don't mind us, just carry on doing what
ever you came to do" but she declined and left. We looked at each other and
laughed. Jan told me to wear a cheesecloth dress that day, and when we went for
breakfast, I saw both the man from the shower the previous evening, and the girl
from the morning shower. I could see the man looking at me, but whenever I
looked at him, he turned away. The girl ignored us, but I could see her pointing
to us, and telling her mate something.

When we booked out of the Hotel, we drove round until we found a big leisure
complex. Jon decided that we would 'give it a whirl' and we went in. It was
clearly designed for holidaymakers who were suffering from the poor English
weather. It had just about everything that anyone could want. We (Jon) decided
to have a game of squash first, and we went to the 'dry' changing rooms. I put
on just my tennis dress and trainers and went to wait for Jon. The court they
gave us had a glass rear wall so that an audience could watch you play. In a
way, I was glad that no one was watching any of the courts. I never was any good
at squash, and it wasn't long before Jon had me running all around the court,
and he even gave me a bollocking for not trying hard enough. He is very good at
giving me shots that I have to either bend down or stretch high to get at, and
my dress was riding-up to show my bum, or my left shoulder strap was going down
my arm quite a bit and my left tit was hanging out. It was only after we had
been playing for about 30 minutes that I noticed that we had gained an audience
of about four teenagers. I had to ignore them and concentrate on my game
otherwise Jon would have thrashed me in more ways than one, although there was
one time when I went flying, and ended up on my stomach with my legs wide open
giving the little audience a great view.

Once Jon had well and truly beaten me, he decided that we should go for a swim.
It wasn't any old swimming pool, it had about four different flumes, one that
ended in a big tank with glass sides, two slides, a rapids, a wave machine, and
lots of things for young kids. Another thing that it had was a mixed changing
room with lots of little cubicles. As I walked in I soon realised that Jon would
be having some fun there. We went into a 'family' changing cubicle, and Jon left
the door open. Needles to say it was only seconds before Jon had my dress off me
and I was naked for everyone who passed to see. He didn't tell me what to wear
until he had stripped off his squash gear and put his undies on. I reckoned that
he was relying on me been the centre of attraction, and no one noticing how
see-through his undies are. I had to wear my white one piece lycra costume, the
one with the deep 'V' that goes all the way down and under to my arse hole.
Whilst we were getting changed, we got a couple of funny looks from people
passing by, and 2 teenage girls even came back for a second look. I presumed
that it was Jon that they were looking at, not me, but who knows these days.

On the way into the pool I had one of the male attendants staring at me, and I
don't think that my clit was poking out between the 2 halves of the costume. We
had a swim in the main pool first before having a go on the flumes. Going down
the flumes tended to pull my costume up into the cracks of my ass and pussy, so
I had to adjust them quickly when I got to the bottom of each one, before Jon
got down. The biggest flume was the best and the worst. Just as I was getting
onto it, Jon (unbeknown to me at the time), untied the cord that held my costume
together. It didn't matter when I was stood up because it was wet and was
clinging to me, but as soon as I started to go down the flume the extra water
pulled it away from my body, and it was only the neck strap that kept me from
losing it completely. At the bottom of this flume there is a big tank of water
with glass sides, but above it there is this big 'donut' feature that you slide
round and round before losing momentum and falling through the 'donut' into the
big tank. There I was going round and round this 'donut' with my costume
trailing from my neck, thinking about how I was going to get it back on, and how
many people were looking through the glass sides of the tank. There was
absolutely nothing I could do, and down through the hole I went. It took me a
couple of minutes to put my costume back on because the tank was deep, and I had
to tread water all the time. When I finally got out, one cheeky young lad said,
"very nice - can you do that again please." So I guess that at least one person
saw me. Never mind, I got a little excitement out of it.

Jon had noticed a big bubbling spa and sauna and steam room, so we went into the
spa next.  It was lovely and warm, and the bubbles didn't stop. It wasn't long
before Jon untied my costume again, and somehow managed to get it over my head
without anyone seeing. I was up to my neck in the bubbles, so non of the dozen
or so people could see that I was naked.  More people came in, and it wasn't
long before I was squashed between Jon and a teenage boy. I couldn't tell if it
was Jon's or the boy's hands that were exploring the front of my body, but it
was nice, and I put my head back, closed my eyes and dreamed. I came back to
reality when a young woman who was trying to get out, tripped and landed on top
of me. Her hands were all over me as she tried to get back onto her feet. She
gave me a puzzled look as she apologised before moving away. Jon gave me back my
costume, and I had to duck under the bubbles to get it over my head and back on.
When we got out and went down the steps I noticed that my clit was clearly
visible between the 2 sides of my costume. I kept close to Jon as we went to the
steam room.

It was big, circular, and with 2 floor levels. The upper level had a railing
between it and the lower level. There were a few people on both levels. As we
were moving round the upper level looking for a seat, I saw that there was a
young couple both in the nude. The steam was so thick that you had to be close
up to them to realise. Jon took that as a que, and when we found some seats Jon
motioned to me to get my costume off (again). He took his off, and we relaxed
back in the chairs and put our feet up on the railings. Although the steam was
dense, it wasn't that hot in there, and it wasn't long before I was dozing off.
When I came round, there was this big man stood on the level below, looking
right at my pussy (my feet were about a foot apart). Fortunately, I wasn't
startled, and he didn't notice that I was back in the land of the living. I
could just see Jon out of the corner of my eye, and his eyes were shut, so I
thought that I might have a bit of fun. I slowly slid my legs further apart and
moved one hand from my stomach down to the top of my pussy. When he didn't move
I though 'go for it' and slowly started playing with my clit. This big fat man
just kept staring at my pussy. He didn't even look at my face, just my pussy. I
was just beginning to get worked-up when Jon moved and the man turned away. Jon
whispered to me "enjoy that did you slave?" he knew I had. We stayed there for a
few more minutes before putting our costumes on and going for a shower.

After we had cooled down we went into the sauna. It was a big one with lots of
benches. Jon told me to sit at the end of one bench with my feet on the bench.
He sat at my feet, so I couldn't put my legs out straight. I was bent over a
bit, so my costume looked a bit baggy, and the 2 front bits didn't meet at all.
My clit and a bit of my right lip was clearly visible to me, so I can only
imagine what Jon and the other people could see. A couple of teenage girls were
looking at us, giggling and whispering, but I don't know if that was Jon or me.

It wasn't long before the heat was getting too much for me and I asked Jon if we
could leave.  Back in the changing rooms we got another 'family cubicle' and
stripped off. Again with the door open. Jon gave me a towel and told me to go
and take a shower. I walked out of the cubicle wrapping the towel round me, and
straight into an old man who seemed most embarrassed about seeing me pulling the
towel round me. The showers there are individual cubicles, each with their own
door. Jon had told me not to lock the one I was to use, but I couldn't anyway,
the lock was broken. There were also small holes in the partition walls so that
people in the cubicles either side could spy on you. This could be fun I
thought, took the towel off and turned the water on. It wasn't long before
someone started coming into my cubicle. It was a boy of about 14 who looked
stunned when he saw me. I turned to face him and said 'this one's occupied -
unless you want to join me" I think that the shock of seeing me confused him and
he muttered something and left. A short time later the same thing happened
again, but this time it was a girl of about 17. She seemed more confused than
shocked, but took her time apologising whilst she stared at my bald pubes. A
short while after she left, I noticed some feet under one of the sidewalls.
Their position made me wonder if someone was looking through the hole.

I decided to find out by bending over to wash my feet, and having a quick look
through the hole. There was any eye there looking at me. The feet didn't move so
I guess that they hadn't seen me looking at them (or didn't care), so I decided
to give them something to look at. I bent down again, but this time with my back
to the hole. I guess that my pussy would be only a couple of inches from the
hole. I reached between my legs and gave my pussy a good soaping, and letting 1
finger slip inside. I then stood up, faced the hole and did the same again. Just
as I was fingering myself, the door opened again and a woman about my age walked
in. She just smiled, said sorry, and left. By the time that I looked for the
feet again, they had gone. I never did find out who the feet and the eye
belonged to. It could have been the boy, the girl, or someone completely
different.

I rinsed off, put the towel round me and went back to Jon. He asked me what had
taken so long. After I had told him he said that he was going for a shower, and
that I was to spend all the time he was away, drying myself, with the door open.
I was very disappointed that no one had seen me by the time he got back. I did
have time to think a bit, and realised that I am turning into a right
exhibitionist. I now WANT people to see me naked. What a change from the me of 6
months ago. I've got a lot to thank Jon for.

When Jon got back he gave my clit a quick tug which made the cry-out a bit, then
told me to put my dress on.

We left and headed for home, stopping at a country pub for some food. Non
eventful apart from a few 'country bumpkins' staring at me. You'd think that
they'd never seen a woman in a short dress before. If only they'd known what I
didn't have on underneath - maybe they did, maybe the sunlight had been in the
right direction and they had been able to see through my dress. Who cares, I
don't.

When we got home there was a message on the answer-phone from Vicky. She said
that she had missed us and asked if she could come over the next weekend. Jon
told me to ring her and say OK. He went to work on his PC.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing August 24
Quite a boring week really. The only exciting time was when the paperboy came
for his money.  He was the same one as the previous few weeks, and he was
getting used to me answering the door naked. Didn't stop him having a good look,
and the bulge in his trousers told me that he liked what he saw. Oh, nearly
forgot, I surprised the postman on the Thursday, he was delivering a Sonique
depilatory machine. Jon had agreed to get me one. I'm having to let some of my
pubic hair grow long enough for it to work. Jon told me to start with a small
patch just at the top of my slit, where it grows the thickest.

Friday night we collected Vicky from the bus station. Jon had her take all her
clothes off in the car, and to put on just my black pencil dress. It only just
covered her bum and pussy - which I was glad to see was still bald. We went to
pub in town for a drink before collecting a Chinese take-away and going home.
Everyone was so tired that we all went to bed quite early. Vicky slept with Jon,
but she later told me that he was asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow.

Saturday August 29
Jon woke up bright and early, and had to wake us. He put an aerobics video on,
and had us do some exercises on the patio. Whenever he thought that we weren't
trying hard enough, he slapped our backsides with the tawse. After 30 minutes of
that I was shattered. I got us breakfast while he and Vicky went for the 3 S's.
I guess that I was a bit jealous, but not much.  Over breakfast Vicky told us
about her fun when she had worn Ben for the 3 days. She told us that she had
been very 'unproductive' at work, and that she had had to tell them that she
wasn't well. They'd noticed her 'hot flushes' and told her that she should go to
see a doctor.  She'd had to work hard to keep Ben in. One of the women had got
really worried at one point when she'd had an orgasm and had tried to hide it by
saying that she'd had this stabbing pain in her stomach. We were killing
ourselves laughing, and I must admit that I was getting a little wet thinking
about it. She told us that she had thrown away all her underwear to make sure
that she couldn't wear any. She has also stopped wearing clothes in their flat
and her flatmates had just about got used to it, but it still caused little
problems when their boyfriends went round.

Jon asked us what we would like to do for the day, and Vicky suggested that we
went to Birmingham shopping. We got dressed (me in my leather mini skirt and
denim jacket, and Vicky in a white low cut mini dress), and left. We wandered
around the shops before finding ourselves in a quiet part of town (lost again).
It was an older part of the city, and we found ourselves stood outside an old
pub, on a sort of metal grating. Jon said that it was the way that the barrels
of beer used to get delivered to the pub cellars. We looked down through the
grating, and could see some of those metal beer kegs. Vicky also saw a couple of
men down there having a cigarette. It was then that Jon had an idea and told us
both to stand on the grid with our feet about a foot apart. Jon then dropped a
couple of coins down to attract the attention of the men. It wasn't long before
they were right below us having a real good look.  Jon asked Vicky to tell us
again what had happened at work with Ben, and we spent a good 10 minutes
talking, with the men quietly having a good view. I even started to talk to
Vicky about not wearing underwear any more, just to tease them a little more.

In the end, I think that Jon got a little bored, and we moved on. Back in the
shopping centre we found a little clothes shop that looked as if it wasn't one
of the 'run of the mill' dress shops, and went in. There was only one young
female assistant, and some quite nice dresses. I chose a couple to try on, and
so did Vicky, and we went to the changing rooms. They weren't very good by big
store standards, but 2 curtained cubicles were good enough for us, especially as
we opened the curtains, instead of closing them. The poor girl didn't know what
to say when she saw 2 naked women in the back part of the shop. She came over
and started to say something about us shouldn't be doing that, and she didn't
know what to say when Jon asked her why not. In the end, she just stood there
watching us as we tried all 4 dresses on. There was 1 that I really liked, a
short sleeveless one that was made of 2 parts, front and back, the sides were
laced together with thin rope. Vicky liked a thin cotton summer dress that was
tight and low cut, but with a flared skirt. Jon said that he liked that one, and
Vicky suddenly said, "why don't you try it on then?"  meaning him put the dress
on. Well, I knew that Jon was game for a laugh, but I didn't expect him to strip
off right there and put it on. He looked a right plonker, and he was the first
to say so. After he had given us all a 'twirl' I could see that the dress was
starting to stick out in the wrong place, and when he took it off, he had right
boner.

The poor shop assistant was bright red and she obviously didn't know where to
look, but she wasn't going to miss having a good look at Jon's erection. Jon
noticed, and asked her if she had never seen one before. "Not like that" she
said. "What's so different about mine?" Jon asked. "You're bald and you have no
skin over the end."  "He's been circumcised" I said.  Thinking about it, I
suppose that circumcision isn't as popular these days, so maybe she hadn't seen
one. Jon then told her that she could have a closer look if she wanted. She went
right up to him and bent down, but the chickened-out and moved away. Jon said,
"it doesn't bite," but she had lost her bottle. But she still kept looking at
him.

"Who else wants to touch it then?" Jon asked, and before I could react, Vicky
had it in her mouth. Jon wasn't happy about that, and pulled her off him. "Who
said anything about mouth's?" he said. "you'll get punished for that" he said,
and told us to get dressed. He bought both the dresses that we liked and we left
the poor assistant wondering if she'd been dreaming or what? 

Jon was getting a little hungry so we went to a Burger King restaurant. It was
the middle of the afternoon, and the place was reasonably quiet. Jon sent me to
get our order, and when I got back to him and Vicky, the seat that they
indicated for me to use was facing one end of the serving counter where there
was a youth waiting to serve whoever came in. Jon told me to sit with my knees
about a foot apart and to get on with eating my burger. We were busy talking
when I heard someone say "Peter, what's wrong with you?" When I looked up I knew
exactly what was wrong with Peter. His eyes had discovered my pussy and he was
mesmerised. The 'voice' said something else and Peter came back to reality. I
told Jon and Vicky what was happening, and Jon said, "Good, now swap places with
Vicky, and let her try to catch his attention." I'm sure that she must have,
because when I next looked, not only was Peter looking at Vicky, but there was
someone else there with him who was also looking. I looked down at Vicky's lap
and saw that she was giving them a real eyeful, her dress was right up above her
pussy. Vicky is really getting into this exhibitionism as much as me now. I can
see that we're going to have a lot of fun together.

After the Burger, we (Jon) decided to head for home where Jon decided that it
was time for Vicky to have her punishment for trying to give him the Blow-job in
the dress shop. I didn't want to miss out on the fun, so I spilt a cup of coffee
on Jon's lap just to make sure. He was furious and as he was taking his trousers
off, he told me to get my skirt and jacket off 'immediately.' We were both taken
up to the 'punishment room' and after I had got to "Three - thank you Master" he
had calmed down a bit, and decided on a change of plan. Vicky and I were to have
a  competition to see who could make the other cum first. The loser was the one
who came first, the winner got to sleep in Jon's bed that night. Just to even
things up, Jon told Vicky to take her dress off and he gave her 3 strokes with
the cane. I thought that that was fair, cos I was already a little wet after my
3 stokes.             

Anyway, as Vicky was getting her 3 strokes, I was thinking about how I could get
some sort of advantage, and decided to sneak the hand-cuffs out of the drawer
and try to get them on her before she realised. I hid them under the pillow on
the bed hoping to be able to catch Vicky by surprise. When Jon told us to start
we just stood and looked at each other, until Vicky grabbed my arm and pulled me
onto the bed. We started a bit of a fight I suppose, but neither of us wanted to
hurt the other, just give too much pleasure, too quick. We started nipple and
clit squeezing, but Vicky had the advantage there, as my clit is a lot bigger
than hers, and she had no trouble getting hold of it. We were rolling about on
the bed pinching and grabbing until I found myself knelt between her legs,
holding her wrists at either side of her head. To let her think that she had the
advantage, I climbed up her so that my knees were over her shoulders, and my
pussy was right above her face. I let her start eating me to lull her into
relaxing before reaching for the handcuffs. They were on her before she
realised, and I had got her. I climbed off her, but she said that she wasn't
beaten yet, got up and tried to put her arms over me.  Somehow I managed to
avoid that, and to grab a piece of rope that Jon usually used to 'restrain' me
with. We rolled on the bed again, and (with difficulty) I looped the rope
through her arms and round one of the bed's corner posts.

When Vicky realised what I had done, she admitted defeat and just lay there. I
was glad of the rest as well, both our bodies were wet with perspiration. I knew
then that I was going to be able to be with Jon that night, but that didn't mean
that I couldn't have some fun (and pleasure) getting Vicky to cum. All this time
Jon was stood in the doorway watching us with a grin on his face. The bulge in
his trousers told me that he had enjoyed watching 2 girls 'fight.' I got into
the 69 position above Vicky, and we started eating each other. Every minute or
so, I lifted my pussy out of reach of her mouth so that I could calm down, but I
didn't stop working on her. I think that she tried to fight the orgasm a bit,
but when she came, she really came. I stopped and looked at Jon who told me that
I was the winner. He told me that he wanted some food in about an hour, which
left me time to have another go at Vicky. This time I kept my pussy firmly on
her face. I timed it right so that we both came at the same time, by lifting up
when I got too close. It was a good deep full body orgasm when I came. After
that I untied Vicky and we had a shower before we both got tea ready.

We went to a quiet country pub that night, and didn't get up to much. There was
one young man that we distracted by opening our legs whenever he looked at us. I
think that his girlfriend was getting a bit mad at him towards the end, but that
just made me want to show more. Not sure if Jon realised what we were doing.
Vicky fell asleep in the car on the way home, so we went to bed straight away.

I enjoyed my prize of sleeping in Jon's bed. I rode him until he came, then used
my mouth to get him hard again before he fucked me doggy fashion.

Sunday August 30
When I got up Vicky was already in the shower, so I joined her and we soaped
each other. She asked me why I had a little tuft of hair at the top of my pussy,
so I told her about the hair-removing machine that Jon had bought. She wants to
know how we get on, as she says that she still has to make the effort each
morning to shave hers, and sometimes doesn't do it when she gets up late. She
said that like me, the 'itching' had long gone, and she now hated it when she
had a bit of stubble.

We all had breakfast together, reading the papers, all 3 of us in the nude. Jon
got to one article in the 'News of the World' about women wrestlers and said
that the 3 of us should set-up a little 'Women's Nude Wrestling' business. He
thought about it for a few minutes, then said, "No, it should be a 'School Girls
Cat Fight' with you both starting out dressed as school girls, then ripping each
others clothes off as you fight, and ending up naked and trying to force each
other to orgasm. That should  get a few bones, and bring in the money." He said
that with our liking of pain, as long as we kept our cool, then we should have a
good time. Vicky didn't sound too keen, but I rather fancy the idea.

After breakfast Jon decided that we would be doing something different that day.
I discovered a side of Jon that I had never seen before, we went looking round
museums - all day. Not exactly what I enjoy, but . At least the evening was more
interesting, we went into town to a lively American style eating house cum pub.
Even though Vicky and me were only wearing short dresses we didn't attract much
attention as just about all the young girls in there were wearing outfits just
as short. When we got home I made us some coffee and Jon fell asleep on the
sofa, so Vicky and me went to bed together, and went to sleep after a
pleasurable 69.  Vicky hadn't gone home on the Sunday evening because the Monday
was a National Holiday.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing August 31
Monday - Jon asked us that we would like to do, and as it was a sunny day, we
decided to go on a bike ride. We loaded Jon's 3 bikes onto the roof rack of the
car and went up into the Dales. Vicky didn't know about the bike with the hole
in the saddle, and I was glad that Jon remembered to bring the butt plug with
him. Vicky wanted to wear my white shorts, but I wouldn't let her. She didn't
understand why mot, and I wouldn't tell her, other than to say that she would
understand later. In the end she wore a light cotton short dress, and I wore my
tennis dress. We drove up into the dales and parked the car in a little village.
Jon had remembered to bring a spanner to adjust the seat height for Vicky. She
thought that it was a bit high for her, so I said, "just you wait." We set off
at a slow pace, with Vicky and me having the backs of our dresses hanging over
the back of, and pussies bare to the saddles. It wasn't long before Vicky was
happy that she was having to slide from side to side on the saddle. Jon hadn't
put the but plug in the hole in the saddle in my bike, so when we stopped for a
rest, I asked him if he would put it in. Vicky's only comment was "now I
understand." It took me a couple of minutes to get back on the bike and ready to
move off, but once we got going it was good.

After we stopped for lunch at a pub Jon told us to swap bikes. I suppose it was
fair but I was a little disappointed. We'd noticed a couple of men looking at
the bikes (well, the one with the butt plug sticking through the saddle), and as
it was a man's bike, I guess they were looking for a man that belonged to it,
and you should have seen their faces when Vicky slowly lowered herself onto it.

We rode for about another 5 miles back to the car before heading for home and
then taking Vicky home. I think that Vicky was ready for the rest when we got to
the car, she said that she had had 3 orgasms on that saddle. When we got to her
flat she invited us in for a coffee. No sooner than we had got in, Vicky excused
herself and came back a couple of minutes later without her clothes on. It
seemed a little strange having Vicky as the only one without clothes on. Back
home, Jon sent me to bed before going to work on his PC.

Tuesday - Jon went away on a training course for the rest of the week which
meant that it was a boring few days, except that the Tescos girl rang for a chat
on the Wednesday afternoon and asked if we could meet up. I invited her (Bridie)
to Jon's house on the Friday afternoon which was her day off.

Friday - When she arrived she seemed a little surprised to have me answer the
door naked, and she was nervous as she explained (over a cup of tea) that she
had never been with another woman before, and seemed pleased when I told her
that until a few months before, I had never even thought about it, and the
thought of being naked in a supermarket toilet would have had me crawling into a
corner and wanting to die. Bridie admitted that she was 'bi-curious' but didn't
know how to take it any further. She relaxed a bit when I told her that I don't
consider myself to be a lesbian, but I like sex with certain other women. I got
her to tell me all about her other 'experiences' while we progressed to vodka
and orange drinks. She is only 16 and only left school a few months ago. She
doesn't have a boyfriend at the moment, and still lives with her parents. It
wasn't long before she was asking me what it was like to be naked most of the
time, and I suggested that she tried it. She stripped to her bra and knickers
which were a lovely red lacy set, but she didn't want to go further. When I got
another drink I stood behind her and massaged her neck for a while before moving
down to her small pert, cone shaped young breasts. She has lovely nipples in the
centre of small dark brown aureoles.  As I lightly let my finger drift over her
nipples they jumped to attention and she gasped. She asked me to undo her little
bra then she stood up and asked if we could go somewhere more comfortable. I led
her up to Jon's room and motioned for her to lie on the bed. I started kissing
her all-over as she moaned and rolled her head from side to side. When I got
down to her stomach she seemed to tense a little as my hand gently drifted over
her still knicker-clad pussy. She surprised me when I stopped and looked at her
and she said that she had followed my example. When I asked her what she meant
she asked me to take her knickers off. 

She has this beautifully smooth bald pussy, not a hair anywhere, but her lips
were very swollen and her juices were over-flowing. I started kissing her
stomach and thighs before really eating her. She certainly had been anticipating
that moment because it didn't take very long for her to have an orgasm
accompanied by screams of 'yes', 'yes.' I lay next to her up on one elbow
looking at her 16 year old body. I can't remember mine looking that good 6 years
ago. Very slim, very blonde and with a smooth medium tan coloured skin.

All of a sudden Bridie brought my day-dream to an end by saying that that was
the first time that anyone had ever done that to her, and she asked if she could
try to do it to me. After asking if any of her boyfriends had ever eaten her (no
was the answer), I told her that she could only do it to me if she knelt either
side of me and we did a proper 69. She was a real natural even down to the
pulling of my clit with her teeth and pushing her tongue into my hole.  I took
my time, and had a good look at her young pussy. Her clit isn't as big as mine,
but she smelt and tasted really good.

Bridie came before me, and the intensity made her bite my clit quite hard. That
triggered me, and I came shortly after her. We both collapsed and lay there for
a few minutes before talking for hours. I told her all about Jon and me, and she
told me that she was a late developer, and had only really reached puberty about
2 years ago, and that she was still a virgin. She has quite an imagination, but
says that she is too shy to let any boys get further that a snog and a grope.
Besides, her parents are very strict and she always has to be in quite early. I
was just thinking about how I could help her when the bedroom door flew open and
Jon walked in. He was furious and demanded to know what was going on. Bridie was
frightened, and was trying to cover herself. Jon told her to keep quiet and keep
still and that no harm would come to her.  She seemed to relax when I told her
that it was true, Jon would not hurt her, he's not like that.  I explained
everything to Jon and he calmed down. He asked Bridie if she was all right, and
told her to relax and stop being so shy. I put my arm round her and asked her
and Jon if they would like a drink, which I then went and got. When I got back
Bridie was laughing so Jon must have said something to make her feel
comfortable. She had even stopped trying to cover her nakedness.

We all went down to the lounge, and I left them talking while I went and put
dinner on. While we were eating (us 2 girls still naked) Jon told me that I was
going to be punished for using his bed without asking him. He asked Bridie if
she wanted to watch, and after we had finished we all went up to the
'punishment' room. Bridie looked a little stunned by all the equipment there and
just stood in silence as Jon restrained me spread-eagle face down on the bed.
Jon then told Bridie that he frequently administered punishment in the nude, and
would she mind if he took his clothes off. She didn't say anything but I could
see her shake her head indicating 'no' she didn't mind. He took his clothes off
and I watched Bridie's eyes follow his soft dick as he got the tawse from where
it was hanging on the wall, and gave me the first stroke. I could tell when it
was going to land on my backside by the expression on Bridie's face. As usual I
said, "One - thank you master" and waited for the next one. By the time I had
got to "Ten - thank you Master" Bridie was relaxing and even enjoying it. She
was licking her lips and one of her hands was  stroking her stomach and the
front of her pussy. There was a pause after the first 10 as Jon moved to get a
better position, and the 11th one landed partially on my right cheek, and
partially on my pussy. The second and last 10 all hit my pussy, and by the time
I had said, "Twenty - thank you Master" the tears were rolling down my cheeks
and I was quite well lubricated. Jon untied me and as I was getting up I could
see Bridie really going at herself. Jon had sat on a chair and his erection was
pointing to the ceiling, Bridie still staring at it. Jon motioned for me to go
over to him and he pulled me down onto his lap, my back to his front, my legs
outside of his, and his dick lost inside me. He told me to finish myself off as
Bridie continued to stare at us.

Needles to say, all 3 of us came - can't remember in what order. When Jon
finally lifted me off him, he looked at Bridie and asked her if she would like a
go at either the punishment, or the fucking. I guess that she wasn't ready for
it because she said, "no". Jon replied with "maybe next time."  Jon and Bridie
got dressed and we drove her home, me still in the nude in the back of the car.
It was a good job that it was dark by then. As she got out of the car Jon asked
her if she would like to go out with us the following night. She said yes, and
we agreed to pick her up at 8:00 p.m.

Saturday September 5
I woke up with a sore backside and pussy. Late morning someone came to the door
and Jon told me to wait upstairs until he called me. It was a conservatory
salesman and Jon had done a deal with him to build one at the back of the house.
When Jon called me into the room the man didn't look as surprised as I would
expect him to be when a naked young woman walked into the room. It turned out
that Jon had told him that his housekeeper usually walked around the house
naked, and that it was to be part of the contract that the workmen could look
but not touch. If this condition were broken then they would not get paid for
the job. The poor man could not take his eyes off me, and Jon used that fact to
get an extra discount. The job was to start the week after next.

That afternoon we went shopping in town. Jon had me wear my long wrap-around
skirt and short baggy crop top. We went to the nice dress shop where Kelly
worked, but the girl assistant told us that Kelly had left and gone to work in
Nottingham. The new assistant was nice, but didn't seem that friendly, just
polite. We had a look at a few dresses and skirts, but Jon didn't like any of
them so we moved on. We went into a shoe shop and Jon bought himself a pair of
shoes. While he was doing that he told me to try a few pairs on. Needless to say
he told me to get a male assistant and to make sure that he got an eyeful of my
pussy. It was quiet easy in the wrap-around skirt, just a case of letting it
fall open. Poor lad, he just didn't know where to look. It was obvious where he
wanted to look, but he was just too shy to have a good look, and he just kept
having quick looks. I caught eye contact with him and smiled and said, "it's ok
to look" but he still kept on with the quick looks then looking away.

From there we went to the 'Private' shop and had a good look at everything. Jon
bought a vibrating egg and some leather straps that he wouldn't let me look at,
said they were going to be a surprise. After that we went home and had some tea.
Later Jon told me to put a short cotton dress on and we went and collected
Bridie. I went to the door while Jon waited in the car. As Bridie got into the
car Jon complimented her on her outfit. She looked great in a smart red dress
with stockings and suspenders (as I found out later). Bridie asked Jon where we
were going, but he would only tell us that it was a surprise, and one that would
make her nervous to start off with, but she was to trust us.

We drove to a Leisure Centre in Mansfield called Water Meadows. Bridie said that
she hadn't planned on going swimming, and hadn't brought a costume. By that time
I had realised what was going on, but didn't say anything. Jon told Bridie not
to worry, and that everything was taken care of. After Jon had paid our money
and we entered the changing area Bridie just stopped dead in her tracks. After a
few seconds she said, "They've got no clothes on, what's going on?"  Jon told
her that it was a 'naturist swim', and no one wore clothes at those. It took a
couple of minutes to persuade Bridie to strip off with us, and she looked great
as she slowly took her clothes off. Needles to say Jon and me were naked within
seconds. Bridie came out with statements like "Everyone's looking at me" and
"Everyone can see that I've shaved my pussy."  She said that she'd only ever
seen naked people on the television (apart from Jon and me the previous day),
and that no one had seen her naked since she was a little kid, not even her
parents.

She started to relax a bit when she realised that everyone was just getting on
with getting out of their clothes, and into the pool. She also commented on the
fact that there were other people with no pubic hair, and that no one seemed to
be taking any notice of them. Jon told her that they were just there to have
good relaxing natural swim, enjoying the lack of restrictions and inhibitions of
clothes.

As we walked out into the swimming area Bridie was trying to cover herself, and
she just stood there for a couple of minutes watching all the naked people of
all ages from babies to pensioners just doing what people normally do in a
swimming pool. There's not a lot at that Leisure Centre, but we had a good time.
Bridie managed to relax and enjoy herself apart from the times that men were
following her up the stairs to the water slide. With their heads at her pussy
level she was still self-conscious. In the end I sat on the side of the pool
with my legs open wide, and no one took a blind bit of notice, so I managed to
get her to do the same, but only for a few seconds.

We went up into the sauna and steam room suite and spent a bit of time there.
Bridie had never been into a sauna, a steam room, nor a spa before. In there I
whispered in Bridie's ear that it was good having sex in a spa, and she
whispered back 'chance'. I then told her that I was sure that I could arrange
something, but not there as there were too many people.  

It was great being able to walk around and swim in the nude with lots of other
people doing the same. So relaxing and natural. Non of the sexual excitement of
being naked or semi-naked when everyone else has clothes on and people are
trying to catch a glimpse of my breasts or pussy. I like both situations really,
it depends upon the mood I'm in.

As we were getting dressed to leave, we watched Bridie put her clothes on. Jon
suggested that she leave her underwear off, but after a few seconds thought she
said, "maybe next time, I've got a lot of thinking to do." When we dropped her
off at home she gave us both a quick kiss, full on the lips. Jon invited her to
go out with us the next Saturday. We arranged to pick her up at 8:00 p.m. again.

Back home Jon told me that the sight of Bridie getting dressed had turned him on
a bit, and he was going to 'vent his lust' on my body. I spent the night in his
bed and went to sleep in the 'spoon' position with him deep inside me.

Sunday September 6
Jon took me to the gym and I had to wear my white lycra shorts and a baggy crop
top. By the time we had finished I had a big damp patch in the crotch which made
the thin lycra virtually transparent. Good job that I don't have any pubic hair
as that would have been clearly visible.  From there we went into the sauna, and
Jon had me wearing one of the Leisure Centre's towels that is only just big
enough to cover my breasts and bum. Jon had me sit with my legs up bent at the
knee so that my pussy was on display. A couple of teenage girls came in and one
of them had a good look, but nothing else. No swimming or spa, we went home
after that.

In the afternoon, Jon got a bucket and some bags of white powder out of the
garage. When I asked him what they were for he told me that he was going to take
a plaster of Paris mould of the lower part of my torso. When I asked him what it
was for he said he wasn't sure, but it seemed like a good idea, and could be
fun. He had me stand (with my feet about a foot apart), in the kitchen while he
first covered me from below my tits to my knees with Vaseline. Then he got a
dildo and pushed it half into me. He said that he wanted to be able to know
exactly where my hole was, and the best angle to get into it. He then put 3
strips of clink-film up each side of me and just behind the dildo so that the
mould would be easier to get off me once it was dry. After that he wrapped some
tea towels soaked in the plaster of Paris mixture round me. As the mixture dried
he pasted more and more of it onto me until it was about half an inch thick. All
this time I had to hold my stomach in so that my little podge wouldn't be
showing.  When he had finished we made me stay still for another 15 minutes to
let it harden. It felt funny being encased like that. Sort of sexually exciting.
Difficult to explain.

When it came to get the mould off me we had difficult time. At one point I was
beginning to think that I was stuck in it for life, but Jon wasn't giving up and
in the end it came off. It looks good when the 2 halves are put together. You
could even see the shape of my pussy lips as they gripped the dildo. When the 2
halves are together the hole for the dildo makes me look as if I have a giant
hole. Jon says that we will go for the top half next time, but I don't know what
position he will do it in as he says that he wants my tits to be 'proud'. While
I was getting cleaned-up Jon went to check his email, and apart from taking him
some food, I never say him again until breakfast next morning.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing September 7
On the Monday I used Sonique depilatory machine on the pubic hair that I had
been growing just above my slit. It took hours, but it was quite painless, and
just gave me a very slight tingle. On face value it seems to be doing the trick,
but the real test will be to see if it grows again. That night Jon told me to
grow all the hair around my lips and then remove it. He also told me that he was
going to grow all of his, and that I would be removing all his for him. That
will take all day, and I bet that it won't happen without him getting a solid
boner or two.

Didn't see Bridie when I went to Tescos on the Wednesday.

Thursday night the paperboy came to collect the money, but it wasn't a boy, it
was a girl. After she got over the shock of me being naked she couldn't stop
giggling, but she still took her time counting the money while looking at me.
When I said, "see you next week" she said, "definitely."

Friday I went to the Job Centre to see what part-time jobs they had going. A
couple of bar work jobs but that was about it. Will have to talk to Jon.

Saturday September 12
We went to Nottingham to look round the shops. Jon told me to wear Ben which
slowed us down quite a bit. Jon just laughed every time I had to stop moving to
either slow down, or have an orgasm. I really was feeling horny and desperate
for Jon to give me a good fucking, but I had to wait until we got back to the
car park. I'm sure that the CCTV cameras were pointed at Jon's car. We probably
gave the men watching the screens a good cheap thrill.

I was wearing my cheesecloth dress that day, and Jon bought me a smart burgundy
jacket with matching short skirt. No fun in the changing cubicle. When I got
home Jon told me to move the buttons out as far as I could. It was low cut as it
was, and it would be obvious that I didn't have a bra on, so after I had moved
the buttons it didn't take much for anyone to see my breast even when I twisted
a bit, never mind when I leaned forward.

I wore my new outfit (with 1 addition) when we took Bridie out. The addition was
the vibrating egg. We went to a nice old style country pub in a village called
Tatenhill. Bridie looked great in a pink dress with spaghetti straps. Her
nipples told everyone that she wasn't wearing a bra.  She had a cardigan on when
I went to the door for her, but it came off as soon as she got in the car. Over
a great meal she told us that she had decided not to wear any underwear that
night, and that it was stockings not tights that we could see on her legs. Jon
had decided that he would do the driving, and between us Bridie and me polished
off 2 full bottles of white wine.  By the time that we moved into the main part
of the pub, we were both quite happy.

Jon and me sat with our backs to an outside wall with Bridie facing me. The
table was small and Jon was hogging it. A few minutes after we had sat down
Bridie said that she could see right up my skirt to my stomach, and suggested
that I should cross my legs before someone else noticed. I told her that not
crossing my legs was one of the conditions of my employment and that I would get
punished if I did. She asked Jon if that was right, and she giggled when he
said, "yes."  "OK" she said, "if you can't, then I won't" and she uncrossed
hers.

I slid down a bit in my seat and looked up her dress and could see her stomach.
She giggled a bit more and after having a quick look to see if anyone was
looking, she opened her legs so that I could see her pussy. She was obviously
getting a bit turned-on as her lips were swollen and glistening with her juices.
There was just a hint of her clit sticking out between her lips.  The problem
with sliding down in your seat is that your skirt doesn't go with you and it had
virtually disappeared beneath my jacket. This meant that Bridie could now see
more of the tops of my legs and stomach. She asked me if it was a wire was that
was coming up between my pussy lips and up my stomach. Jon told her what it was
and told me to open my jacket and show her the control hanging out of the top of
my skirt. Jon caught me looking round to see if anyone was looking before
opening my jacket and told me that I had just earned a punishment. I opened my
jacket on the left side to reveal the control. Only problem was that my left
breast was on display as well. I don't think that anyone saw it before Jon said
that I could fasten my jacket. He then reached over and switched the egg on to a
slow speed so that it would take a while for me to get worked up.

Jon sent me to the bar to get some more drinks. It's one of those split-level
buildings and the bar is quite low down with the bar staff even lower, so I had
to bend down to make myself heard over the music and general noise. I'm sure
that the young barman was pretending not to hear me just so that he could keep
looking down my jacket, and when I stood up straight waiting for him to get the
drinks I could hear 3 men behind me discussing whether or not I had any knickers
on. Just to get them wondering a bit more, when the barman asked me for the
money I bent as far as I could over the bar. As I picked-up the drinks and
walked back to Jon and Bridie I heard one of the men saying that he had seen my
pussy lips so I couldn't have been wearing any. Back at the table Jon told me
that half the pub had seen my backside.

Jon and Bridie had been talking when I had been at the bar, and Bridie had asked
Jon if she could stay with us that night. Jon had agreed on one condition, that
she telephoned her mother and told her. When Bridie got back from the phone she
asked me how the egg was doing.  "Simmering nicely" was my reply. We finished
our drinks and left. As I got near to the car I had to slow down and came just
as I bent down to get in. "Was that what I think it was?" Bridie asked. Before
we moved off Jon told me to take the egg out and asked Bridie if she wanted to
try it. She declined "for the time being."

As soon as we got home Jon told me to strip off and 'assume the position'.
Bridie seemed a little mystified until Jon explained, and she just stood
watching as Jon reminded me that I was to be punished for hesitating when he
told me to open my jacket. He explained to Bridie that I had to do whatever he
told me, immediately. He then told me to explain to Bridie that I was happy with
the arrangement. He went upstairs to get the tawse leaving me and Bridie to
talk.  It took me a minute or two to convince Bridie that I was happy, very
happy, and wouldn't change the situation for anything.  

When Jon came back he was naked and carrying the tawse. He told me to get up and
lean over the back of the sofa with my legs wide apart before giving me 10
strokes. After I had said, "Ten - thank you Master" he told me to 'assume the
position' again and he gave me 5 more.  One over the tops of my thighs, one on
each breast, and for the other two he stood over my head with his dick directly
over my face, and landed both strokes on my pussy. Needless to say I was crying
by then, but when Jon told me to get up I went over to Bridie and told her that
I was alright, and to prove that I had enjoyed it as well, I asked her to see
how wet I was. It hurt a bit as her hand first touched my pussy, but as she
moved a finger in between my lips I gave a shudder and said, "go right in." Her
finger did - for a second, then she took her hand away.

Jon told me to go and get some coffee ready, and when I got back Jon and Bridie
were sat on the sofa talking. It looked a bit silly in a way, Jon was naked
(with a semi) and Bridie still had her dress on. When I told them what I was
laughing at Bridie said that she could soon sort that one out and stood up and
lifted her dress off. Jon told her that she looked good with her small pert
cones sticking out of her chest, and her lovely smooth pubes. She still had her
stockings and suspender belt on, but not for long. She lifted each leg in-turn,
put her foot on the coffee table and took them off. Jon must have enjoyed the
display as his semi became a full erection.

As we drank our coffee Bridie kept looking at Jon's dick  which had some pre-cum
coming out of the tip. Finally she suddenly said, "I want to lose my virginity
tonight."  Jon's only reply was "maybe" but I knew that he would enjoy taking it
later - after getting her really worked-up and begging him to fuck her. He's a
bit of a tease really.

When we went to bed (all 3 in Jon's) Jon told me to make love to Bridie first.
It was soon a 2-way thing with Bridie being as eager as I was. Jon was just
watching to start off with, but it wasn't long before he joined in, and Bridie
was wanking him. I guess that he was getting close to coming cos he stopped her
and told her to put a condom on him and to get on top of him.  She slowly
lowered herself down onto him, and at one point she stopped, then pushed and
screamed. I guess that that was her virginity gone. She just sat there on top of
him for ages with a vacant look on her face. Jon brought her back to earth, he
came inside her. His jerking gave it away. Bridie started to rise up and down
and fuck him. It was a good job that it didn't take long as Jon usually goes
soft after a couple of minutes. When they uncoupled I could see little spots of
blood on Jon so I guess that Bridie was a virgin.

After that we went to sleep, Bridie on one side of Jon and me on the other. When
I woke up in the morning Jon was on top of Bridie fucking her 'missionary'
style.

Sunday September 13
We had the usual ritual of reading the papers over breakfast in the nude, but
this time there were 3 of us. A cramped shower followed, with Jon fucking me
from behind, and me finger-fucking Bridie while I tried to push my tongue down
her throat. After that we had to take Bridie home as she had to go to work.

As it was a sunny day we went to a quiet part of the coast and parked in a car
park at the edge of some little village. We walked along the coast for a bit and
settled in amongst some sand dunes. As it was quiet we both sunbathed nude. We
stayed there for about an hour and hardly saw anyone apart from 2 men who kept
walking up and down the path through the dunes. I think that they must me part
of the dirty old men brigade who need to spy on women. Jon says that it doesn't
bother us, and I quite enjoyed making sure that they got a really good view of
me. One time when one of them passed Jon started finger fucking me and I started
playing with him. After the man went I was disappointed when Jon stopped.

We went for a nude swim, but didn't stay in for long. The North Sea is bloody
cold at the best of times, and the middle of September isn't one of those. After
that we wrapped towels round ourselves and walked back to the car park. There
was an ice-cream van at the other end of the little car park and Jon gave me
some money and told me to get a couple of ice-creams before I got changed. He
also told me to make sure that the towel 'accidentally' dropped off me on the
way back. As I walked up to the van I loosened the towel so that it felt very
insecure. I got the ice-creams one in each hand and started walking back. It
only took about 10 feet before I could feel the towel starting to slide down,
and another couple of steps and it fell right open. I managed to grip it with
one elbow, but apart from that side I was naked. There were a few people sat in
their cars and they all stared at me as I walked by them.

When I was about 20 feet from Jon's car, a couple of lads about 14 stopped their
bikes right in front of me and asked if I wanted any help. When I said, "yes
please" they got off their bikes and stood in front of me looking at the obvious
places. One said, "what would you like us to do?"  The other (a real cheeky sod)
said, "play with your little tits." I wasn't going to miss that opportunity and
said, "you can play with my tits as you put my towel back round me please." So
they did, no hesitation, straight grab and grope. After about a minute of nipple
pulling and tit squeezing one of them started going for my pussy. All this was
happening in the middle of a public car park in the middle of the afternoon. It
was getting a bit too risky so I said, "the towel please." That stopped them,
but not before a finger was in my pussy. The cheeky one pulled my towel round me
and tucked an end in to keep it in-place and I left them watching me walk away.

Jon told me that he was pleased with the way that I had handled it, which made
me happy. We sat in the car and eat the ice-cream before Jon told me to get out
and get changed as a 'new' car drove into the car park. It doesn't take long to
take a towel off and put a dress on, but Jon had timed it right and I was naked
as the car drove passed us. There was a young couple in it, and the lad nearly
crashed as he stared at me. They had the windows open and I could hear the girl
shout at him to watch where he was going.

Back home Jon did his usual trick of disappearing into his study.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing September 14
Monday - The weather was cold that morning, and I had decided to put my dungaree
dress on. I had forgotten that the workmen would be arriving to do the
conservatory and they arrived just after Jon had left. They (one about 45 and
the other about 30) both came to the door to say that they were here, and looked
a little disappointed when I opened the door with some clothes on. I took them
round the back and showed them where everything was. One asked me what the
scaffold frame was for and I couldn't think of anything better to say than "It's
for me to sunbathe on." They both looked at me with a puzzled look so I said,
"who's for a cup of tea then?" I left them to it and went and put the kettle on.
I still had the dress on when I took them the tea but took it off when I got
back inside as the sun was starting to shine and the house was warming up
because I had put the heating on. I was doing the ironing in the kitchen when
one of the men brought their cups back. His face lit up as I opened the back
door and he saw me naked. "It's true then" he said. "What is?" I replied. "That
you walk around the house naked, the boss said you did, but we didn't believe
him."  "Well I do, the garden as well.  Is that a problem?" I asked. "Not with
us, you can be naked as much as you like for us, we're not bothered. Can we have
another brew in about an hour please?"

I took them their next 'brew' and they kept me talking for ages. We talked about
everything and nothing before I told them that I had to go. I suppose that I was
enjoying the attention, and judging by the bulges in their trousers, they were
enjoying the view. It went on like that for most of the day, and they hadn't
finished digging the trench when the concrete wagon arrived. It had to wait out
the front while they hurriedly finished the digging. I stayed inside, out of the
way, and when Jon got home he said it was my fault for teasing the men. Jon said
that he wasn't going to punish me because the job got done, even if they didn't
finish until  7:00 p.m.

Tuesday - 2 different men arrive to do the brick work. Again it was one older
man and a young man. I thought that it was best that I kept a dress on when I
took the tea to them, but the young man did catch me naked when he brought the
cups into the kitchen without knocking. You should have seen his face light-up.

Went to Tescos and saw Bridie. She was very busy but she said that she would
ring me.

Wednesday - Yet more different men came. This time it was 2 men about my age. I
had got fed-up with taking tea out to them so I told them to come and make their
own in the kitchen. I kept a dress on until after they got started, then removed
it to start on the job of removing the hair round my pussy lips with the Sonique
depilatory machine. That was a laborious task and my back ached having to
bend-over so much, but it will have been worth while if it doesn't grow again.
The signs are good, the hair at the top of my pussy haven't started growing
again.  One of the men walked into the kitchen as I was getting myself some
lunch and didn't seem at all surprised by the fact that I was naked. We got
chatting and it turned out that he and his wife were naturists and he would have
preferred to be naked as well. He was a nice man and I quite enjoyed the chat.
He came back in later on and we continued the talks. The other man didn't come
in at all and it turns out that he's gay.

Thursday - When Jon went to work he left me restrained, spread-eagle to the
punishment bed with a blindfold on. Before he had done that, he had attached a
big lump of ice from the freezer to the cord of the roller-blind on the window.
He put a bucket under it to catch all the drips and told me that it would take
about 3 hours for it to melt sufficiently enough for the blind to roll up so
that anyone could see into the room. That meant that in 3 hours and for the rest
of the day, any and all of the workmen who were working on the roof of the
conservatory, would be able to see me tied to the bed naked, with my legs spread
wide, and I wouldn't be able to see them. Those 3 hours were a killer. On the
one hand I was so helpless, and was frightened what the men might do when they
saw me, and on the other hand the excitement was tremendous, my juices were
soaking the bed. 

I had been listening to the men outside and come to the conclusion that they
were again 2 different men. They sounded youngish, but it was difficult to tell.
I heard the blind go up when the ice melted and waited for some indication that
I had been spotted. It took what seemed like hours before I heard one of them
say "Here Ben, come and have a look at this."  My heart was pounding, I felt
frightened but excited. It's one thing walking around naked and talking to
strange men, but it's certainly another thing being tied-up and have absolutely
no defence against them if they decided to do something to me.

"Bloody hell!" was Ben's reply. And then "remember what the boss said, we'll get
sacked if we touch her." His mate then said, "but he didn't say anything about
photographs did he and I've got a camera in the van."  A short while later I
heard a camera clicking and winding on. After about 3 shots Ben's mate said,
"let's go inside and take some more." A couple of minutes later I heard the
bedroom door open and heavy breathing before 3 more photos were taken. Then the
film rewound. Ben's mate said, "I'm off to buy another film" then I heard the
van's engine start.

Was Ben still in the room with me or not? there was silence for a couple of
minutes then I heard the zip on a pair of jeans being opened. 'Oh no I thought,
he's going to fuck me,' but he didn't, I felt his breath on my very wet pussy,
but he didn't touch me. Then I heard the rhythmic movement of clothes. He was
wanking. Was he going to shoot his load over me, perhaps onto my pussy? I was
laying there rigid with my pussy getting wetter and wetter listening to him
wanking, wondering what he was going to do, and wishing that I could see what he
was doing. In the end he moaned a couple of times and that was it.

When his mate came back they took a lot more photographs and just before it all
went quiet, I heard Ben's mate say "that'll give the lads down at the pub
something to talk about." Photos of me naked, spread-eagle tied to a bed were
going to be passed round a pub in Derby. The thought excited me, but I was
wondering if any of the people who saw them would recognise me and say
something. I really wanted to cum, but there was nothing that I could do. I also
wanted to go for a pee but ....

Jon came home early that night and released me. He wouldn't let me go for a pee
until I had told him what had happened. I told him about the men when they first
saw me, but didn't say anything about the camera, or them coming into the
bedroom. I said that I didn't hear anything else. That was a bit daft, cos I
know that Jon will read this sometime, and I'll get punished for not telling him
the truth, but I really needed to relieve myself, in more ways than one. When I
sat on the loo I didn't know which to do first, pee or masturbate. The pee came
second.

Saturday September 19
Another 2 workmen came to finish off the job. There were the electrics and the
plumbing to sort out which meant that the men had to be in the house for a lot
of the time. After the first couple of times looking at me the men just ignored
me and got on with the job. I felt totally safe being naked with Jon being
there. They finished mid afternoon, and Jon then took me into town. He wanted to
get some more plaster of Paris to make a model of my torso. Don't know what he
would want that for, but it would help me when I was in my dress making mode.

While we were out he took me to Debenhams and bought me a thick coat. It comes
down to about half way between my knees and pussy, and doesn't have any buttons.
It relies on the belt being tied to keep it together. Jon said that it would be
easier for me to 'flash' people that way.

When we got home I went into the conservatory. It was lovely and warm and I
could see that I was going to enjoy being able to relax in there, looking out
over the garden and fields with it being lovely and warm in there, but freezing
outside.

Jon took me out for dinner to a posh restaurant and I had to wear the remote
controlled vibrator and my dress that just has a front and a back and laces up
the sides. Jon would only let me lace it up from my hips to the top. The front
and back don't meet, and they leave a gap of about 3 inched up each side. With
the thin rope lacing it is obvious that I'm not wearing anything underneath. Jon
left the remote control on the table, and turned it up each time a waiter came
to the table. It was most embarrassing when I had an orgasm as the waiter was
explaining what was on the sweet trolley to me. He asked me if I was OK and even
apologised for if the food was causing my distress.

It was a good job that Jon had told me to lift the back part of the dress up so
that my bum was directly onto the seat. If it hadn't been then my dress would
have had the big wet patch instead of the seat covers. As it was the wet patch
was very visible when I did get up.

Sunday September 20
After breakfast Jon took me to the Hotel Gym - Jon made me work really hard on
all the machines and I was soaked in sweat when we finished. I had put only my
tennis dress on, and it made it easier for working harder as it automatically
fell over my pussy whenever I was doing any of the exercises. I was glad that
Jon didn't ask me to do some exercises standing on my head as there were quite a
few people there, including some of the staff. After the Gym we went for a swim.
I had taken my over-sized orange bikini with me, and had a bit of trouble
keeping the bottoms up. As it was the crotch of it was way below my pussy and
gaping open for anyone to see whenever my legs weren't closed. Jon had me
swimming breast stroke, a lot of it on my back so even I could see my pussy a
lot of the time. As it was there was only one girl and one boy (both about 15)
that seemed to notice. The Jacuzzi was nice, we stayed in there for ages and Jon
told me to take the bottoms off and put them on the side for everyone to see. I
got a puzzled look from one middle-aged couple when they saw them, and one old
man came and sat on the side right next to me. He was looking down my top onto
my breasts and nipples, which were showing from that angle. I saw him catch
Jon's eye at one point, but that didn't stop him looking because Jon said, "nice
out today isn't it?" 

From there it was the steam room and Jon told me to sit with my knees about 18
inches apart.  That meant that anyone sitting on the other opposite side would
be able to see my pussy. The girl and boy followed us in and were looking, but
the steam must have made it difficult for them to see anything. After a long
session in there I was beginning to feel a little dizzy so Jon told me to go and
take a shower, then take my bikini off and wrap a towel round me and he would
meet me in the rest area. When I got there Jon was on one of the loungers with
his feet up and his knees bent. He had a towel on as well, and I could easily
see his dick and balls. He told me to lie on the longer next to him in the same
position. I guess that he wanted anyone who came in to be able to see either of
our private parts, dependant upon which type they were interested. We started
reading some magazines that were in there, and after about 10 minutes the same
boy and girl came in and sat opposite us. They kept looking at us and whispering
to each other, and after a few minutes the girl got up and went. This left the
boy who has having a real good look at me. Not wanting to deprive him of a good
education I slowly opened my legs a bit more so that he could get the best
possible view.

Then the door opened again and the girl came back in. I think that she must have
been braver than the boy because she now had a towel round her, and it looked
like she had taken her costume off because she no longer had any straps over her
shoulders. She lay down on the same longer and after a minute and some more
whispering, she lifted her knees. Sneaking quick looks round the magazine I
could just make out some black pubic hairs. From the angle I thought that Jon
would be able to see better, and when I talked to him later, yes he had. He'd
been able to see everything she'd got. He said that he was impressed that she'd
had the courage to do it, but disappointed that she hadn't removed her pubic
hair.

The boy and the girl were still whispering, and then the boy got up and slowly
walked out, he had a real good look at both me and the girl as he went. He came
back in almost straight away, but hadn't got changed. He still had his swimming
costume on, but it was bulging at the front. Poor lad looked a bit embarrassed,
especially when the girl giggled at him when she saw it. Jon got up and came and
sat next to me with his back to them. He put an arm round my leg that was
nearest to him and slowly opened my legs even more. So much so that my lips were
parting. After about a minute of that we got up and went into the sauna which
was empty, so Jon told me to take my towel off and lay on it - on my back with
my knees up and open. Jon took his towel off and sat on it. Five minutes later
the girl and boy came in, I guess that they wanted another look. Jon had sat in
a place that he could see who was coming in, and had not told me to cover up so
I didn't move when they came in. The boy had gone and got his towel, but I could
still see the bulge.

They stopped when they saw us both naked, but Jon said, "Come on in, don't let
us stop you.  We've gone European, hope you don't mind." The girl muttered a
"no" and they both came in and sat down. After a minute or so the girl stood up
and said, "I think we'll join you" and took her towel off. She then said, "come
on Peter." Peter was a little reluctant, possibly because of his hard-on that
was embarrassing him, but they both sat down. His dick was about the same size
as Jon's (when it's hard), but I was thinking that it wouldn't stay like that
for long in that heat. The girl had quite big tits for her age, and a hairy
beaver (as Jon sometimes calls it). 

I was right, after about 5 minutes the boy's hard-on had gone. After 10, they
had both had enough and they went, leaving just Jon and me. I have to admit that
I was getting quite hot by then, and we both went out a couple of minutes later.
Jon told me to use one of the showers just outside the sauna, and to only half
close the curtain, but no one came in. After I had cooled down, Jon told me to
go and get changed, and to meet him in the reception. When I got there he was
waiting for me with a couple of drinks in his hands. As we were sat there
drinking, the girl and then the boy came out of the changing rooms. She smiled
and said, "hi" in response to Jon smiling at her, but they both left.

By that time it was early afternoon and Jon took me to a Chinese for some lunch.
I had put on my denim dungarees dress that day with a short crop top underneath,
and when we were moving round the table getting food I noticed one man standing
next to me quite a lot and trying to look down my skirt. I guess that he'd
noticed that he could see right down to the floor, and my body all that way.

I think that we both eat too much, cos when we got home neither of us could be
bothered to do anything other than watch TV.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing September 21
Quite a boring week really, nothing special happened at all, other than Vicky
rang and asked us if we would like to go to a newish club in Nottingham with her
on the Saturday night.  Apparently it's a lively place that she thinks we will
enjoy. Had a good chat with Bridie at Tescos, she has promised to give me a ring
to see about coming round sometime.

Saturday September 26
Jon had to go to work, so it was a quiet day until the evening. As we were
driving over to Vicky's flat, Jon told me that there would be a joiner arriving
on the following Tuesday to do some 'modifications' in the punishment room. He
told me to co-operate with him, and do everything that he asked. The
'everything' bit had me intrigued and I wondered if I he would be telling me to
have sex with him. Well, Jon did say 'do everything' so if that's what Jon
wants, then that's what I will do. Hope he's a hunk.

When we got to Vicky's flat she wasn't ready and one of her flat-mates (Liz)
invited us in.  While we were waiting we were talking to Liz and Kelly (the
other flat-mate) about where we were going. Liz said that we should be careful
as she had heard stories of drugs and orgies.  Just as she mentioned 'orgies'
Vicky walked through the living room to her bedroom, naked.  She said 'hello'
and kept going. "just about ready then" Jon said. Kelly said, "yeah, she doesn't
wear much these days." Jon asked if that bothered her and Liz. Liz jumped-in and
said, "it's done wonders for our love lives, men just keep wanting to come back
here once they've discovered that there's a naked woman in the flat." Jon was
right, within seconds Vicky was with us wearing a lovely tight black dress (Jon
had told me to wear a low cut thin cotton dress with a flared short skirt that
night).

When we got to the club Jon paid and we went in and got a drink. It's a big nice
place with different levels. The music was good and it wasn't long before we
were having a good time.  Vicky and me kept going for a dance together and men
kept butting-in and asking if they could dance with us. When we told Jon he said
we could dance with them if we liked.

A bit later Jon was dancing with me and Vicky was with a man when the DJ
suddenly started playing some rock and roll music. Jon amazed me the way he
could do it, just like you see on the TV. He had me spinning all over the place,
it was great fun, but hard work. I was knackered when we went to sit down. When
Vicky came back she told me that we had had a little audience and that with Jon
spinning me round so much I had been displaying what I wasn't wearing. The bloke
that Vicky had been dancing with had stopped dancing and just stared at me. Just
then the pace slowed down and Jon took me for a slow dance. We were dancing
slow, with our arms round each other, What I didn't notice at the time (Vicky
told me later) was that Jon had his hands on the top of my bum, under my skirt.
Most of my bum had been on display for about 4 or 5 minutes and I hadn't even
noticed.

When the pace increased Vicky and me were up again. We'd just started dancing
with 2 men when the floor started filling with foam. It didn't take long before
it was waist high and people were scooping it up and putting it on people's
heads. Within minutes everyone was covered and all you could see was lumps of
foam moving around. I think that the men took it as a chance to start groping
the girls because there were a lot of screams and shouting. A hand grabbed at me
and when I didn't move away it started exploring under my dress. I backed off
when a finger went inside me. I made it back to Jon and saw Vicky sat next to
him trying to brush the foam off herself.      

I don't know what the foam was made of, but it didn't take long for it to
disappear and for things to get back to normal. After a few more drinks, Vicky
asked if we knew what was through a door that was in a corner of the room near
the bar. She'd seen a few people go though it but no one come back. We watched a
couple go through before Jon said, "come on, we're going to have a look."

The door took us down a stair-case to another big room that had a little
swimming pool and a bar in it. There were people at the bar and around the pool.
There was also a couple splashing around in the pool. It looked like they only
had their knickers on, the girl was definitely topless, and her big boobs were
bouncing about like a couple of balloons. We got another drink and sat by the
pool watching those balloons as the couple were trying to duck each other. A
couple of girls came down the stairs and after a quick drink (down in one), they
stripped their dresses over their heads and jumped in. They were both wearing
thong knickers that hardly covered their pussies. That must have been some sort
of signal because about 4 couples got up and stripped to their undies and jumped
in. Only one girl had a bra on, and that come off before she jumped in.

Vicky turned to Jon and asked if we could go in. Before he could answer our
shoes and dresses were off and we were in. Jon told me that a bouncer that was
near the bat had pointed at us an started to say something, but stopped after
saying "you can't", shrugged his shoulders and carried-on talking to the woman
next to him. When I surfaced, the man next to me said, "nice bod" to me which
made me feel good. I said, "thank you" and turned to try to duck Vicky under the
water. We spent about 5 minutes splashing about, but it was getting a bit
crowded. I bumped into a few people and twice I backed into someone who put
their hands round me and started groping my breasts and pussy. When I turned
round there were so many people that I couldn't make out who had done it. There
was also one man who was groping me from under the water, I felt his hand slide
up from my ankle right onto my pussy.

Shortly after that Jon called us out. We hadn't thought about how we would get
dry, and we had to try and brush as much water off us with our hands before
putting our dresses on. As I pulled mine on I noticed that most of the people in
the room had stopped and were watching Vicky and me get dressed. That made me
feel good, proud that I had something that people wanted to look at. I decided
to give then a good look at my ass and pussy as I bent over to put my shoes on.
I got a bit excited doing that.

We went back upstairs after that and had another drink. I was glad that Jon gave
us a chance to dry-off before we went home, it was cold outside when we came.
While we were having that drink, Vicky told us about the groping that she had
had. She'd been as lucky as me, but she'd gone one further and groped a man as
he groped her. She said that he had had a hard-on which wasn't very big. After
that we got a taxi back to Vicky's flat and we spent a crowded night in her
small bed. Jon fucked us both before falling asleep, but Vicky and me managed to
'pleasure' each other before I went to sleep.

Sunday September 27
I woke up as Vicky was getting out of the bed and followed her into the
bathroom. It was mid morning by then and Liz and Kelly were both in the living
room as we walked through. My head was hurting and the best I could do was to
mutter "morning." It took a shower with Vicky to wake me up. Not sure if it was
the water that woke me up, or Vicky hand playing with my pussy. I had just
orgasmed when Jon walked in, naked, with a morning erection. He hadn't noticed
Liz and Kelly, but they told me later that they had certainly seen him. I got
out and went and put the kettle on while Vicky did something about Jon's
hard-on. They came out of the bathroom  just as I was making the coffee and I
heard Jon apologise to Liz and Kelly for his state of dress, then Kelly said
that they weren't bothered and that he had a nice dick. I wasn't going to argue
with that.

We got our coffee and went and sat in the living room and we all got talking.
The subject of shaved pubes came up and Kelly asked me if I had changed my mind
and was growing mine again. Jon told me to show everyone that there was only
hair on the front of my pussy, and non underneath. He told her about the machine
to remove it permanently and told her that I was growing the last bit ready for
permanent removal. Liz asked me if it was embarrassing for me when I went to the
doctors, so I told her that neither the doctor or the nurses had batted an
eyelid when they saw me, nor when they realised that I didn't wear any knickers.

Kelly said that she was thinking of trying shaving and Vicky said that we would
help her if she liked. Just as Kelly said, "yes," Liz said that there was no way
that she was going to shave hers. Vicky whispered to me "we'll see about that." 
It wasn't long before Vicky's razor and other 'tools' came out and Kelly was
stripping off. She wasn't at all hesitant which I thought she might be because
Jon was there. Kelly has bigger tits than me, and her aureole are a lot bigger,
but her nipples are a lot smaller. She's not a natural blond either.

After Vicky and me trimmed as much as we could with the scissors, Kelly lathered
herself and lay on the floor waiting for Vicky to start with the razor. It was
Jon who picked the razor up and said, "right let's get started."  Kelly said
that she thought that Vicky would be doing it, so I said that Jon had had years
of practice using a razor and that he had shaved me dozens of times. With that
she said, "OK" and Jon started.

I could see that Kelly was enjoying the experience and she let out a quiet moan
when Jon (deliberately I suspect) flicked her little clit. By the time he had
finished, there were more of her juices than of the shaving cream. Jon finished
off by holding a warm damp cloth over all her pussy and she gave out another
louder moan. I suspect that Jon had pushed part of it up her hole. When she
stood up she covered her pussy with her hand and started rubbing her hand all
over her pubic area. "Nice and smooth, and I feel very naked" she said. Vicky
said, "wait until you get your leg over, it add a whole new world to your
feelings."

The only person left in the room that still had some pubic hair, and some
clothes on was Liz. Vicky looked at her and said, "your turn Liz." Liz wasn't
happy and said, "no way" but Vicky was determined and said, "come on girls,
let's get her clothes off."  Liz put up quite a struggle but she was
out-numbered and it didn't take long for us to get her naked. Liz is a bit
over-weight but has a nice pair of breasts, a lot bigger than mine, with small
nipples. Her hips are quite big and she has (had) a lot of black pubic hair. I
think that the sight of 3 girls stripping a fourth was a bit of a turn-on for
Jon because he'd got a bit of a hard-on. It was getting harder the more Liz
struggled and the more we had to hold her down. Jon had to do the trimming with
the scissors before he started with the razor.

By the time Jon had shaved the lot off I was getting a bit out of breath. Liz
was still struggling as Jon was wiping the last of the shaving cream off.
Fortunately Liz hadn't been screaming, but she was getting excited. It was the
swelling pussy lips and juices that gave it away. When Jon stood up his erection
stood up like a flag pole. As Liz was getting up she got onto her knees and was
directly in front of Jon. Her face was within inches of his dick. "Oh! I think
that I should take that as a compliment, but I'm still not happy about what you
lot have done to me." "You'll get used to it, and you might even get to like it"
Kelly said. After that we all sat down again while Vicky went to get us some
more coffee. Liz was sulking a bit and had put her dressing gown back on, but
Kelly was still naked. Jon and me were telling Kelly about the fun that I was
having going without knickers and pubic hair. Everyone seemed to be ignoring
Jon's hard-on, until Vicky came back into the room with the coffee. After she
had handed them out she asked Jon if she could sit on his lap as there were no
chairs left. Before Jon had finished saying 'yes' she was on his lap. I didn't
actually she if she positioned herself so that his dick slid into her, or
actually see it go into her, but the expression on her face told me that he was
in her.

Liz had noticed as well, and her eyes and mouth opened wide. Kelly looked a bit
surprised as well, but Jon and me kept telling Kelly about some of our little
'incidents.' Vicky was joining in as well, and after about 5 minutes we were all
(including Liz) having a good laugh. I guess that all the stories and laughing
had cooled Vicky and Jon down, as I saw Vicky shuffle about on Jon's lap and I
saw his limp dick as she adjusted her position.

About lunchtime Jon decided that we should be heading for home and we got
dressed and left.  We stopped at a McDonald's on the way home and got a
take-away. Jon had told me to slide forward in my seat and then lay back with my
dress pulled up a bit so that my pussy was just showing. The lad who took our
money couldn't take his eyes off me. He gave Jon the right change, but I
couldn't understand what he was saying. At the hatch where we got the take-away,
the girl really took her time getting it ready, and it was obvious that she was
staring at me as much as she could.

Back home we had the take-away and then spent most of the afternoon reading the
papers and watching television. We both went to bed early (separately) that
night.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing September 28
Monday - Spent most of the day removing the hair from the front of my pussy.
With a bit of luck it has all gone for good and I will just have to use the
razor on my legs and arm-pits from now on. I might try the machine on my
arm-pits, but the hair there is a lot finer so I don't know how I will get on.

Tuesday - The joiner arrived. I greeted him wearing my usual apparel - nothing,
but he just said, "show me to the room and I'll get on with it."  Apparently Jon
had asked him to move everything out of the 'punishment' room and into the back
bedroom. Once he'd done that he started bring tools and pieces of wood and other
things in from his van. He didn't seem at all surprised by me being naked, and
virtually ignored it. When I took him a cup of tea he told me that he
specialised in making unusual items and that he had made a few things like what
he was going to make, before and that he would need my help to get things made
to the right measurements. But he wouldn't tell me what the 'things' were at
that stage. He told me to wait and see. What he did do, was to measure the
height of my waist to the floor, and from the tips of my outstretched hands to
my waist.

By late afternoon he had the frame of something built. It looked a bit like one
of those vaulting horses that you find in school gyms, I think you call them
pommel horses. When I mentioned this to him he said that that was where the idea
came from, but it certainly wasn't one of those. He said that he called it a
'whipping-T'.  It was slightly higher than my waist level with 2 inverted 'V's
supporting a horizontal beam. He didn't get much further with it that day, and
left shortly after Jon got home. Jon wouldn't tell me about it either.

Wednesday - The man was back early, and got straight down to his work. When I
took him some tea mid morning the 'whipping-T' had sprouted a horizontal 'T'
piece out the back of it.  This was supported by another inverted 'V' down to
the floor. He had stated making some padding for the horizontal bars and when I
went in he said that my timing was quite good, and that he wanted me to lay on
the 'whipping-T' in a couple of positions so that he could take some more
measurements. Firstly he told me walk up to the original horizontal bar and lay
over it with my stomach right up to it. I had to jump up a bit to do this, and
my toes only just managed to touch the floor. He then told me to open my legs as
far as I could, and he measured the distance from my ankles to nearest uprights
(ankle straps I guessed). With me in that position I would be in the perfect
position for Jon to 'whip' me, so I guess that's where the name 'whipping-T'
came from. The man also measured the distance from my wrists to the back
uprights. He didn't seem at all interested in the fact that like that my pussy
was wide open for him to see.

After that he took me round the back and got me to lie on my stomach along the
back horizontal bar. The bar wasn't at all that wide, and it meant that I was
being supported by the bar that started right on my pubic bone. Fortunately, my
head was on the junction of the 'T'.  As I was getting on I couldn't help
noticing the pressure that it was putting on my pubic bone, and I started to get
a bit wet. The man then asked me open my legs again, and he took similar
measurements before asking me to lay on my back and do it again. Again he didn't
seem to take any notice of my now wet pussy. I couldn't help thinking that laid
in any of those positions I would be in the ideal position for Jon to either
punish me or fuck me.

The man left just before Jon got home. Jon asked me if I liked the 'whipping-T'.
What could I say other that "yes." 

Thursday - The 'whipping-T' was finished. It had padded nylon with velcro wrist
and ankle fasteners attached to the bottom of the legs with shortish chains. The
padding was covered with a purple velvet like material. At the bottom end of the
'T' the padding got a lot thinner and I saw something that I hadn't noticed
before. There was a hole about 2 inches in diameter and about a foot from the
end. When I asked what it was for I was told that it was for a dildo, and the
man showed me how it was held in place by a bracket underneath. I suppose it
would be a bit like that bike of Jon's that has a hole in the saddle for a
dildo, although just being astride the 'T' with a dildo in me didn't seem quite
as much fun as cycling around in public with one in me.

The man got on with the other things and he put quite a few rings in the
ceiling, and into one of the walls. Jon was going to be able to restrain me in
lots of different positions. The man also installed an electric motor so that I
could be raised and lowered easily by attaching ropes through different rings.
That thought sounded interesting, but a little frightening and I had thoughts of
being restrained through wrong rings and the motor going mad and trying to pull
me apart. The motor has an attachments to it so that the ropes can be wound
round it as I'm being pulled up into the air. There is another attachment that I
couldn't work out what it was for. It is an egg shaped plate about 2 feet from
end to end and is only wide enough to have the rope go round it once. What I
hadn't worked out was that there is a way of fastening the rope underneath the
'egg,' and when the egg slowly turns it will push the rope away, then let it
back. The effect of that would be that the tension of the rope would increase
and decrease therefore raising and lowering what ever (or whoever) was on the
other end.

It was then that I realised how much fun the dildo through the hole in the
bottom of the 'T' could be. If I was sat astride the 'T' with a dildo in and my
wrists tied high with the rope going through a ceiling ring and back to the
'egg,' the slow turning of the motor would mean that I would be raised and
lowered onto the dildo. In other words, it was an electric 'fucking' machine. I
was looking forward to trying that, but I suddenly started thinking about what
would happen if Jon set it going and then left me for hours. I would die from a
mixture of pain and pleasure.

I left the man to it, and when I went in later in the day I worked out what 2
other things were that the man had been working on. One was a big circle of
wood, like a solid wheel, but it was vertical and off the ground. It was in some
sort of frame that would allow it to spin and it was big enough for me to be
restrained spread-eagle onto it. I had visions of getting dizzy as I was
spinning naked on some sort of 'wheel of fortune' television program. The other
thing that had had me puzzled was something between the legs of the top of the
'whipping-T'. It was spring loaded and looked like it would spring up and hit my
pussy if it was let lose. It all made sense when the man attached a rubbery
dildo to it. I reckoned that with me in the spanking position it would be in
just about the right position to give me a lot of pleasure. I hoped that it
could have a rope attached so that I could control its movement somehow.

The man finished just after Jon got home and after inspecting everything Jon
paid him and he left. Jon told me that he was looking forward to me needing my
next punishment.

Later that evening the paper girl came again. It had been 3 weeks since she had
been, and she still couldn't stop staring at my nakedness. I thought that I
would see if I could get her to relax a bit and to talk a bit. I invited her to
come into the kitchen for a coke or something. She seemed a little reluctant,
but finally came in. We sat there drinking and talking for about 10 minutes. She
was asking me if it felt weird not having any clothes on all the time, and
talking to strangers like that. I told her that having no clothes on didn't feel
any different to when I used to wear clothes. I told her that I didn't have to
worry about what to wear, or have anywhere as much washing to do. She asked
about my lack of pubic hair and got a little defensive when I said that it
couldn't have been long ago when she didn't have any.  Apparently hers had
started growing when she was 11. I was just about to suggest that she try my way
of life (well parts of it) when Jon came in and she decided that she had better
leave.

Jon decided to leave the new equipment until the weekend, which disappointed me
a bit.

Friday - Was Tescos day and I went in the morning and had a long chat with
Bridie. I also had a couple of the young lads in there follow me around, they
got real close when I was bending over in the freezer section so I took my time
and let them have a good look. It didn't cost me anything, it gave them a cheap
thrill, and it did me too, the thought of a couple of red blooded young men
staring at my pussy got me a bit excited as well.

In the afternoon I went into the punishment room and experimented to get the
best positions on the 'whipping-T'.  It was quite comfortable really. When I was
over the top part of the 'T' I tried to reach the fastener to release the spring
loaded dildo, but I couldn't.  I experimented with the motor and the 'egg' and I
managed to get it to do what the man had described. I got a bit adventurous then
and though that I would try this 'fucking' machine. I set the motor going with
going over the 'egg' and hanging above the bottom part of the 'T'. I was already
wet just thinking about it, so I locked the dildo in place and climbed onto the
'T'. I sat astride it behind the dildo and managed to attach the velcro wrist
cuffs to me and then to the rope. I had to really stretch up to do that. So far
so good, I was going up and down at about a slow fuck speed, but the next
problem was to get onto the dildo. I managed that by swinging my legs up and
putting my feet on the 'T'. Then by pushing on my feet I could raise my body
enough to get my pussy to the top on the dildo. As I was lowering myself onto
the dildo one of my feet slipped and I got the rest of the dildo into me a lot
quicker than I had wanted. It felt as if it was going come right through me and
out of my mouth. I had no choice other than to let the other foot down and let
the rope and the 'T' take my weight.

Of course the motor didn't stop, and I was going up and down just as the machine
was supposed to do. It didn't take long before my juices were really flowing and
I was on my way to an orgasm. The man had measured everything just right, my
feet didn't touch the floor, and the 'egg' took me up and down the full length
of the dildo. It was brilliant. After the third orgasm I decided that I'd had
enough for the first session and wanted to stop the machine and get off. It was
then that I realised that I was too exhausted to even get my feet up onto the
'T'.  I'd screwed-up. I'd been to eager to try it out and hadn't planned a way
out. I was stuck there and my fourth orgasm was building up. At first I started
to panic, but managed to pull myself together and started thinking, but I just
couldn't think of any way to stop the motor or to climb off. If only I'd put a
chair on either side so that I could stand on them. 

It was only about 4 o'clock and I wasn't expecting Jon home for another hour and
the orgasms kept coming quicker and quicker. I though I was going to die. In the
end I must have passed-out as the next thing I remember was Jon lifting me off
the 'T' and carrying me to my bed.  After that it was next morning and I had the
sorest pussy that I have ever had. It felt like I had been fucked by an elephant
(guess work I'm glad to say). I could hardly walk but I didn't think that there
was any permanent damage.

Saturday October 3
Jon had guessed what I had done and told me that I would get punished for not
waiting as he had told me. He let me stay in bed for the day, and I slept for
most of it. When I did get up I just watched television for the rest of the day.
Wow! what an experience, I want try it again, but I don't want to suffer the
after effects. I will plan it better next time.

Sunday October 4
I was still quite sore when I got up so Jon agreed to delaying the 'official'
inauguration of the new punishment room until later in the week. After the usual
Sunday morning reading the papers we went to the cinema in the afternoon. We saw
some action film or other, I  didn't think that it was that good. We sat right
at the back in the middle and after about half an hour Jon told me to slowly
slip out of my dress. I was wearing my new (ish - not my favourite) cheesecloth
dress so it was quite easy. There was no one within about 6 seats in any
direction so I wasn't that worried about being seen. It's amazing, I sat there
naked for going on for an hour, and no one noticed a thing. They obviously
thought more of the film than I did. As it was coming to an end Jon told me to
put my dress on again. I reckon that the only people that knew I was naked were
Jon and me. In a way I was a little disappointed.

Back home Jon decided that I was fit enough to take my punishment for using the
'fucking' machine before I was supposed to. I had to climb over the top of the
'whipping-T' for a spanking. It was quite comfortable, even when Jon put the
velcro wrist and ankle cuffs on so that I couldn't move.  If it hadn't been Jon
there I could have got embarrassed as my wide-open pussy was on full view to
anyone who was behind me, but at least I wouldn't have been able to see their
faces. Jon gave me 10 stokes with the tawse with me doing the usual counting.
Needless to say I was  quite wet by the time I had said, "Ten - thank you
Master." After that Jon slowly released the spring that was holding the dildo in
place, and it came up and straight into me, the joiner had got his measuring
right again. The pressure of the spring wasn't that great, and I think that I
might just have been able to tense my muscles and keep it out - if I had wanted
to. I was a little surprised at only getting 10 strokes, but at the same time I
knew that there was more (of one sort or another) to come.

Jon played with the lever for a minute or two, inspecting the mechanics and
pressure, and pulled it out a couple of times and let it spring back into me. He
unfastened the restrains after that, and told me to lay back against the 'wheel
of fortune' he strapped first one ankle in place, then lifted me up so that the
seconds strap could be fastened on my other ankle. That was the hardest bit and
it wasn't long before I was spread-eagle on the wheel. When he released the
wheel and started to turn it round I felt a bit funny. If Jon was going to spin
the wheel fast, then I was going to get dizzy. I think that Jon wasn't too sure
about the fastenings and what would happen to them (and me - I hope) when I was
on my side and upside down, because he turned the wheel only slowly and stopped
it in various places to see what happened. After one full revolution he decided
(and I'm glad he did) that I needed to be strapped on over my waist.  I was
alright when I was upside-down, but when I was on my side I was sliding down a
bit and it hurt my wrists and ankles. Fortunately the joiner had anticipated
that and had left various holes in the wheel, and some padded nylon straps with
velcro fasteners. Jon put a strap over my waist and turned the wheel again.

When I was upside-down Jon stopped the wheel and asked me how I was. When I
said, "OK" he said, "I thought that you were, the signs are there." It was then
that I realised that my spread pussy was at his head height and that the juices
that had started to flow when I was on the 'whipping-T' were still there. If
anything they were increasing, there's something about having my spread pussy
right in front of a man's face (even one that I know well) that just gets me
excited. I don't know if it's the vulnerability or the exhibitionist in me or
what.  I've recently realised that I am a bit of an exhibitionist. I must have
been all along but it took Jon to bring it out in me.

Jon then decided to spin the wheel right round a few times and then let go. It
kept turning another 3 times before stopping with me upside-down. While I was
going round I had some strange feelings. Apart from getting a bit dizzy I was
starting to get excited, but I don't know why (not that I'm complaining). Jon
left me upside-down for about 5 minutes before coming back with the remote
controlled vibrator and easily pushing it into me. When he switched it on it
felt like it was sliding further into me and the pleasure that I was getting
from it seemed to be increased. I don't know if it was because I was upside-down
and my blood was rushing to my head, or what, but I was coming to an orgasm
fast. Jon spotted this and switched the vibe off. He wasn't ready for me to come
yet. He decided to get the vibe out of me, but he couldn't manage to get it, and
his poking around in me was just what I needed to make me cum. Jon was a bit
disappointed by that and decided to un strap me and let me down.

Because I had cum before he wanted me to, he decided to punish me again. This
time I had to lay face down on the bottom part of the 'whipping-T' (Jon took the
dildo out first). He then fastened my wrist over the top part of the 'T' and my
ankles to the legs of the bottom part of the 'T'. This left me in an 'L' shape
with my pubic bone pressing against the 'T' and my ass and pussy in a very
vulnerable position. This time Jon decided to use the cane, fortunately he only
gave me 5 strokes, the last one got my pussy with the tip of the cane, and I
screamed before saying "5 - thank you Master." He left me restrained there for
what seemed like hours before sending me to bed. I'd been pressing my pubic bone
onto the 'T' trying to get some relief from the desires that had been started
earlier, and then been inflamed when the cane got my pussy with the last stroke,
but relief was not to come, and when Jon sent me to bed he cuffed my wrists
behind my back so that I couldn't finish myself off. That was very frustrating,
and I'm sure that Jon knew what he was doing.    




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing October 5
Quite a boring week really, Jon worked late most nights and I didn't see him
much. Even my trip to Tescos was boring, I didn't see anyone trying to see up my
short skirt, or see Bridie. I guess that I'd picked her day off.

Saturday October 10
We went into town in the morning. Jon had me wear just my shoes and my coat.
While we were in town he bought me a suspender belt and some stockings. It's
going to be nice to have something to keep me a bit warmer when I go out over
the next 6 months or so. I just hope that I can wear the suspender belt without
it showing below my short dresses.

In the afternoon Jon decided that he wanted the plaster of Paris mould of the
top part of my body, but he wanted my breasts to be pointing out at 90 degrees
and my nipples to be as hard as they ever get. The breasts pointing out was easy
to work out, Jon said that he would use the ropes, rings and the motor to
suspend me from the ceiling face down, but the nipples were a bit more
difficult. Easy to get them hard when we started was easy, but keeping then that
was while the Plaster of Paris set hard was something else. In the end Jon
decided that it was a question of keeping me cold and aroused. So, we worked out
which rings and ropes we would use and then he covered my body from neck to
waste in vaseline. That alone got my nipples hard, but he then sent me outside
for 30 minutes, naked. England in October is never warm, but this autumn is a
lot colder than the average and it was freezing. My nipples were so hard that
they hurt. When Jon finally let me in, it was straight upstairs and on with the
ropes and up in the air. When I was about 4 feet in the air Jon started putting
the tea towels soaked in the plaster of Paris on me. I just hoped that the goose
bumps that were all over my body wouldn't show in the mould. When he had done,
it was just a question of waiting for it to dry. To make sure that my nipples
stayed hard Jon got a vibrator, switched it on and worked it into me. He also
left the window open so that I would still be cold. Then he left me while the
stuff dried.

I'm sure that it dried long before Jon came back to me because I was having
trouble being able to breath deeply as the vibe did its work. When Jon lowered
me to the ground he told me to be careful that I didn't do the mould any damage
as I got onto my feet. Jon had real trouble getting the mould of in 2 pieces a
the clink-film had disappeared down my right side. In the end he had to prise it
off me and it broke. Fortunately only into 2 pieces that could easily be joined.
As I went for a shower Jon joined the 2 pieces together with more plaster of
Paris. Later he started to trim the bottom off it so that it matched the mould
of my lower body. He then joined the 2 moulds together with yet more plaster of
Paris and he spent ages making the inside of the join all smooth. He told me
that we would fill it with silicone later.

That night Jon took me to a pub in a village by a canal. I had to wear shoes,
suspender belt, stockings and my coat. Nothing else. They had an open fire in
the pub and it was quite warm. I felt a bit out of place being the only one who
was wearing a coat but I would have looked even more out of place if I'd taken
it off. I also had trouble with not being able to cross my legs, and the fact
that the coat didn't have any buttons. It kept wanting to lie in an inverted 'V'
from the belt down. This left a clear view right up my legs. I'm sure that if
(when) anyone looked they would be able to see my bare pubes. I didn't notice
anyone looking, but I'm sure that some of the men in there must have had a look.

On the way home, Jon decided that he wanted me to give him a blow-job. He told
me to take my coat off, unzip him and get to work whilst he was still driving.
There wasn't much room between him and the steering wheel, but I managed it and
had just finished licking him clean when we arrived home. There were a couple of
times when Jon had to swerve a bit and I couldn't see if it was something on the
road, or the effect that I was having on him. Hope it was me.  I always enjoy
the taste of Jon's cum. He made me carry my coat into the house, and wait by the
car while he unlocked the door - it was cold.

Sunday October 11
I woke-up with a soaking pussy and 2 of my fingers inside me. I must have been
having what Jon calls a 'wet dream.' I wasn't going to waste my sleeping efforts
and finished the job before getting up.

After reading the papers Jon went to B&Q and came back with buckets of some sort
of white silicone. He then got me to cover the entire inside on the mould with
Vaseline before he blocked-off the arm and leg holes, and pushed a dildo in the
pussy hole. Next he tipped the buckets of silicone in through the neck hole and
we left it to set. John reckoned that we should leave it for about a week to
make sure that it had gone solid.  That evening Jon took me for a meal at a pub
in town. Nothing special, and we didn't stay long. I was wearing just my black
pencil dress and shoes, and because of the cold, and the fact that Jon sat us
near the door, my nipples were hard for most of the evening. That got me a bit
of attention, but not much. We were sat behind a big low(ish) table so no one
would have been able to see up my dress - unless they got down onto their knees.

On the way home the car started making funny noises as Jon put brakes on. He
told me that he would get a lift to work in the morning, and that I had to take
the car into the garage to get it seen to.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing October 12
Monday - About mid morning I put my newish cheesecloth dress on (the sun was
shining and it looked warm), and took the car to kwik-fit. I had to wait ages
for someone to talk to me, but I could see the mechanics looking at me. I had
been wandering round the workshop to fill-in the time, and hadn't realised that
there was a pit underneath one of the cars. It was only when I heard a mechanic
wolf-whistle and looked for where the noise had come for that I noticed it, and
him - looking right up my dress. Not wanting to spoil his fun, nor mine, I
pretended not to notice him and stayed where I was. I was feeling brave, and
lifted one foot onto the wheel of the parked car, pretending to adjust the
fastening on my shoe. That must have given him a right eyeful. It got me a
little excited and I felt a little rush of juices.

One of the other mechanics came up to me and asked me what he could do for me.
He was a bit of a hunk, and I was tempted to tell him, but after a couple of
seconds I told him about the noise that the car was making. He said that he
thought he knew what it would be, and asked me to bring it into a vacant slot.
When I brought it in, he opened the driver's door for me to get out. Not
thinking (or maybe I was), I swung one leg out, it was only as I swung the other
leg out that I saw his face, and where his eyes were looking - right at my bare
pussy. When I  stood up he asked me if I had put the hand-brake on. When I said,
"yes" he asked me to take it off as he couldn't work on the brakes with it on.
He opened the door for me and I leaned in over the seat to the hand-brake. I
could feel the back of my dress riding up over my butt and nearly to my waist. I
pretended to be having difficulty with the hand-brake, and stayed like that for
what seemed like 10 minutes, but in reality it was probably only a few seconds.

I heard the wolf-whistle again and remembered that the mechanic in the pit was
right behind me as well. That was at least two of them that were getting a great
view of my ass and pussy.  The juices were flowing again. When I stood up, my
mechanic had a big grin on his face, but very professionally told me that I
could wait until the job was done in the waiting room at the end of the
workshop. I thanked him and walked towards the waiting room. As I was walking
along the side of the workshop I passed a hole in the wall as a young mechanic
was walking out of it, carrying an open bottle of something. I didn't see him
straight away, and he wasn't concentrating on where he was going, and we
collided. Part of the contents of the bottle splashed right down the front of my
dress. As the lad backed away from me I could see that most of the liquid had
splashed down him. "That's acid" the lad said and shouted "Pete, I've spilt some
acid on a customer."

Pete was quick off the mark, and was there in seconds. He took one look at us
and said, "quick, clothes off and into the shower, that acid will burn your
skin." It was then that I started to feel a tingling round the wet area of my
stomach. I guessed that he wasn't joking. What else could I do, not wanting to
pull the dress over my head, I pulled it off my shoulders and wriggled out of
it. There I was, naked in the middle of a garage full of mechanics and a couple
of customers, but I wasn't really worried about that, it was the tingling on my
stomach that was getting to be a slight burning feeling.

Meanwhile, the young mechanic had just about got his overalls off and was in the
process of dropping his trousers. At the same time, Pete was pulling his
sweatshirt off. Within seconds he was down to his boxers and Pete was leading us
to the shower which was in the toilet area at the other end of the workshop. As
we were running down the workshop I noticed that everyone had stopped whatever
they were doing and were watching us. Before I knew it we were both in the
shower getting a real good soaking. Pete said, "stay in there, both of you, and
let the water wash over the area that got the acid on, for 10 full minutes."
Pete left us to stand there facing each other. After I had collected my thoughts
I asked the lad what his name was. It was Darren. I said, "Darren, you should
really take those off (pointing to the boxers), you should let the water get
straight onto your skin."

At first Darren didn't seem too keen to take his boxer shorts off, but then he
did saying "yes, I suppose you're right." We both stood there, two total
strangers, naked and inches apart, with the shower pouring water down our
fronts. After a couple of minutes I was feeling OK, and I guess that Darren was
too, because he was starting to get an erection. I saw it as we both looked each
other up and down. I then felt it as it started to rise and touch my right thigh
just below my pussy. Darren backed-off a bit and apologised. It wasn't his
fault, I suppose that any red-blooded male in that situation would get a
hard-on, so I said, "that's OK, I'll take it as a compliment." He said, "well
yes, you do have a gorgeous body." "Yours isn't so bad either" I replied. Just
then Pete came back with a couple of towels for us. I turned the shower off and
turned towards Pete who said, "I can see why Darren's happy. Get dried and put
these on.  Then come into the office - both of you."

As we were towelling down, I asked Darren if he was OK and he said, "yes." He
asked me the same and then apologised for the accident. "These things happen" I
said, then "at least I got to see a handsome young man naked" as I looked at his
still erect dick. Darren replied saying "In a way I'm glad it happened, its not
every day that we get a naked lady in the workshop, you'll have made the lads
day, and I've never had a shower with a gorgeous naked lady." "Try it, it can be
lots of fun" I said. Darren then said that we had better put on the paper
overalls that Pete had left for us, and go to the office. He said that he was
expecting to get into a lot of trouble for what had happened. 

Back in the office Pete asked us if we were both OK, and apologised for
everything. He told me that there were a number of accident forms that had to be
filled-in and got us both a cup of coffee while we answered his questions. He
started to give Darren a bollocking, but I stopped him by saying that it was
probably just as much my fault as Darren's. When we'd finished, Pete gave me my
dress - in a polythene bag. He said that if I got it out of the bag it would
probably look OK, just wet, but he guaranteed that within a few hours there
would be big holes in it. The best place for it, he said, was in the rubbish
bin. I said, "OK" and he then asked me how much it cost. I told him that it cost
about �60 so he went to the sales counter till, came back and gave me �100 and
said, "I hope the difference makes-up for all the trouble that you've had." I
was just about to say something when another mechanic came in and told us that
my car was fixed. Pete said that the repairs were on them as well, and
apologised again. Darren said that he was really sorry as well, but I noticed a
slight smile on his face.

As I was walking to Jon's car, I couldn't help noticing that all the mechanics
were looking at me. I smiled at the nearest one, got in, and drove off. I was
quite pleased with the way thing had worked out, I'd made a nice profit, and had
lots of men look at my naked body. A good day.

That night when I was telling Jon all about my day he had a real good look at
all the front of my body, he said that battery acid can be really dangerous and
that I had been quite lucky. He said that it was a shame about the dress as he
liked that one, but that we would go and get another one at the weekend. He
asked me if I'd enjoyed my time in the shower with Darren, and asked me if
Darren had tried to touch me. I think (hope) that Jon was being protective off
me.

The rest of the week was nowhere near as exciting as the Monday. Saw Bridie when
I went to Tescos and she asked if she could come round to see me on the Friday,
which was her day off.

Friday - Bridie arrived mid morning and we had a real good chat over a coffee.
At one point she said that she felt a little over-dressed with her wearing a
skirt and top and me wearing nothing. I told her that she could easily remedy
that. She smiled, stood up and took first her woolly top revealing that she
wasn't wearing a bra, then her skirt. She wasn't wearing knickers either. Nor
tights or stockings. Apparently her mother had told her off saying that without
tights she would catch her death of cold. If only she'd known. Bridie said that
she often didn't wear underwear now. She said that her luck with boys had
improved over the month or so since she'd been round, and that she'd been out
with 2 boys. The first one had been a bit of 'a boring bugger' (her words), and
she had finished with him when he showed more interest in drinking with his
mates than with her. She was still seeing the second boy, and he had cum in his
pants when he found out that she wasn't wearing any knickers. They were in a pub
at the time and he'd been a bit embarrassed. They were going out the next night
and she was hoping that he would try something. She said that if he didn't, then
she would keep flashing her pussy at him until he did.

Bridie told me that she'd even gone to work with no underwear a few times, and
had felt a little excited all day, especially when she'd been serving men. She
said that she'd been tempted to say to some of them "there's your change, and
did you know that I'm not wearing any knickers." We both had a good laugh over
that.

When we'd finished the coffee I showed her the new conservatory. Even though it
was cold and wet outside, it was warm in the conservatory. Bridie said that with
all that glass she felt as if she were standing outside. I said that we could go
for a run round the garden if she liked, but she declined the offer - I wonder
why?

We had some lunch then I took her upstairs to the new punishment room. She was
amazed when she saw what was in there. I had to explain how some of it worked,
even showing her some of the positions that I had to get into. I asked her to
climb onto the top part of the 'whipping-T' and I strapped her wrists down
before she realised what I was doing. I then managed to strap her ankles down
and asked her what she felt like. "Vulnerable and exposed" she said. I asked her
if she would like me to use the cane on her back-side (only gentle), but she
wasn't at all keen, and said that she couldn't stand pain. But I did take
advantage of her being in that position with her pussy wide open. She kept
saying that it wasn't fair as I first played with her with my fingers then my
mouth. I kissed, licked and sucked that lovely young pussy as she moaned and
pleaded for me to make her cum, but each time she got near I backed off, I
wanted to make it last as long as I could. I know the pleasure that that brings
me.

All that time she was laid on the 'T' looking at the dildo that was at the end
of the bottom part of the 'T'. I just knew by the look on her face that she was
wanting to be sitting on that dildo. I was as well, giving her that pleasure had
made me get excited and my pussy was quite wet. I was really making her suffer
and she was so desperate to cum that when I suggested that she climb onto the
'T' and impale herself, she couldn't wait to do it, but I made her promise to
eat me out afterwards. I think that she would have promised to run naked through
Derby city centre at lunch time on a Saturday at that moment.

I wasn't going to let her make the same mistake as me and I got a chair for her
to be able to put her weight on, and after a slow start she was riding that
dildo for all she was worth. It didn't take long for her to cum and after a lot
of moaning and a bit of screaming she started again. After the second orgasm I
switched the motor off and she just sat there for ages before climbing off
saying that it was brilliant. I told her what had happened to me, and she said
that she would 'kiss me better'. I asked her if she knew which part of me
suffered and she put her hand on my pubic bone and pussy and smiled. We looked
at each other for an intense moment before she bent her knees and started
kissing my stomach and pussy. I grabbed her hand and led her into my bedroom. We
spent the next couple of hours making love to each other before I went
downstairs to get a drink.

While I was in the kitchen there was a quiet knock on the front door. It was
about the time that the paper girl calls for her money, so I opened the door and
was inviting her in when I realised that it was a boy, the one that had seen me
naked many times before. After the initial shock I invited him into the kitchen
while I got his money out of my purse. While he was having a good look at me he
was telling me about them changing rounds. As he was talking I heard Bridie come
downstairs asking why I was taking so long. As she walked into the kitchen she
just froze, and after a few seconds she tried to cover herself with her hands,
went bright red, then she said, "Hello Tom."

Bridie was looking round for something to cover herself as I said, "I take it
that you two know each other. It's pointless trying to cover yourself, he's
already seen everything, and anyway, he's been looking at my body for months." I
got them talking and it turned out that he was the son of a neighbour of Bridie.
She was still shocked as I said that it was only fair that we saw him naked. He
was with 2 naked women and he still had his clothes on. When I said that if it
had been him and one of his mates that were naked and that there had been a
young girl there with her clothes on, he would have wanted to even things up. He
agreed with that, but wasn't rushing to strip. Bridie agreed with me, and said
that it was only right that things were evened-up. He had something on her, and
it was only right that he did something to even things up. After a few silent
seconds he stood up and took his jacket off. He took his shirt and jeans off,
but wasn't going to drop his jocks until I lifted a foot onto a chair and let
him have a good look  at my pussy.

The poor lad's dick sprung out of his pants as he pulled the waist band out and
down. It wasn't a bad size for his age, but not as big as Jon's though. "I
suppose that I'll have to do something about that" I said and grabbed hold of it
as he stared at Bridie. It wasn't long before he was shooting his cum across the
kitchen floor. He got embarrassed by that, grabbed his pants and pulled them on.
"That wasn't so bad was it" I said, "and now you won't say anything about
Bridie, will you?"  "No" he said as he put the rest of his clothes on and went
towards the door. I told him that he could tell his mates what had happened, but
nor where, or who with. He left with a  grin on his face. I looked at Bridie and
we both burst out laughing.

We went back upstairs and had a pleasant shower together before she got dressed
and left just as Jon arrived home. She promised to let us know when she wanted
to go out for a drink with us. I hope it won't be too long.

Jon wasn't happy that his tea wasn't ready and told me to 'assume the position'
while he decided what punishment to give me. I was kept on my knees with my
hands on the floor behind me, and my knees wide open for about 5 minutes before
he had me bend over the kitchen table with my feet wide apart. He gave my
backside 50 hard slaps with his hand as I counted each one. I think that he must
have been tired as I was expecting more. I didn't even cry, but my backside was
quite warm, and I was getting a little wet between my legs.

Saturday October 17
Jon kept his promise and took me to the big shopping centre just outside
Sheffield. As it was another cold day, Jon let me wear my coat, but nothing else
other than a pair of high heeled shoes. We wandered round lots of shops, not
just looking for a dress, but looking at things for Jon. The house, and for me.
I tried a couple of dresses on in different shops, but I didn't have any
opportunities for any fun. The nearest I got to that was when it only took me
seconds to take my coat off, put the dress on and get back out to show Jon. The
girl at the entrance to the changing cubicles gave me a funny look and said,
"that was quick."  "It doesn't take long when you're only wearing a coat" I
replied, but she didn't say anything else. The look on her face told me that she
wasn't sure whether to believe me or not.

Down by the food hall we found an area that looked a bit like an indoor market.
As we were walking past a shop that sold materials, Jon suddenly dragged me in
and told me to look for some thin flesh coloured material. I eventually found
some, and then Jon told me to get enough for me to make a bikini for myself.
That doesn't take much so I only got 1 meter of it.

Going up the escalator Jon whispered that there was a man behind me that looked
like he needed cheering-up, and he told me to turn round and open my coat and
give him a quick flash. I did, but hadn't bargained on the 2 youths behind him.
One of them got just as good a look at my body as the then happy man. I pulled
my coat sides together and turned round hearing one youth say to the other "did
you see that? that bird just flashed her tits and cunt at me." I didn't hear
what the other one said as we were by then walking off the top of the escalator.
I did catch a glimpse of the unhappy man though, he had a big grin on his face.
I was glad that Jon told me to do that, I got a bit of a thrill from it.

It was late afternoon before we found a shop that sold dresses like the
cheesecloth one that had got acid on it. In the same baggy style that Jon
wanted, they had cheesecloth and cotton ones, and ones that nearly came down to
my knees and ones that were so short that they were really just long tops. Some
of them never even covered my ass.

Jon selected 4 from the racks and sent me to try them on. I had to come out of
the cubicle to show him each one and the 2 youngish sales women watched my every
move. When I came out wearing one that didn't cover my ass (or pussy) and Jon
told me to give him a 'twirl', the 2 women got a real good view of my pussy and
ass. They were talking to each other as well as looking, and when I was changing
into the next dress one of them came over and asked if everything was all right.
I hadn't closed the curtain and I was naked when she turned the corner and saw
me. She looked at me, then Jon, then back to me. Jon said that we were looking
for a dress that was very baggy, and when I bent over, the top would hang down
giving anyone in front a good view of my breasts, and anyone behind a good view
of my bottom.

The sales woman said that they had lots like that, and that I should come out
into the main shop area and try then on near the racks. There was no one else in
the shop, the other sales woman wouldn't mind, and it would save time as they
were about to close she said. As she was telling me this I looked out and saw
the other sales woman locking the door. The 4 of us were alone, and I was being
invited to walk around the shop naked. That didn't worry me, quite the reverse,
it made me get a little excited. I knew that Jon wouldn't mind, and I guess that
the 2 sales women liked the idea, maybe they were lesbians. It wasn't long
before Jon and the 2 sales women were all picking dresses off the racks and
telling me to try them on. It ended up as a little fashion show with me as the
only model. The women gave me some pairs of shoes to try on with the different
dresses. I think that they just wanted me to bend over in front of them. This
was OK with me, I didn't fancy either of them (one was fat and ugly), but I knew
that Jon would look after me.

I made a big deal of flashing my wet pussy to them and Jon as I bent over to
fasten the shoes.  It was fun, and I was getting lots of attention. In the end
Jon stopped everything by say that he had decided which one we would buy. It was
a thin cotton one that hardly touched my body apart from my shoulder and
breasts. As I bent forwards it rode up my backside and hung way down in front of
me. I could look down my front and see all my bare body, right past my pussy.
Jon told me to take it off again, and get dressed. The 2 women looked a little
surprised when I put just a coat on. As Jon paid for the dress one of the women
told us that we were welcome back anytime, with a big emphasis on the anytime.
She said that they were proud of their 'individual attention'. I don't think
that I shall worry too much if we don't go back. 

That night Jon took me for a drink at a pub somewhere out in the country. I wore
my burgundy jacket with matching short skirt. The place was crowded, and we only
just managed to get a seat. Just before we left, Jon told me that because of the
way I was sat, my jacket was bunched up a bit, and that he had been looking at
my right breast for most of the evening. He said that if he could see it, then
anyone walking passed would have been able to see it as well.  I'd noticed one
or two men walking passed and looking at me, but I'd assumed that it was my
short skirt.

Sunday October 18
After the usual newspaper reading ritual we set to work on taking the plaster of
Paris off the silicone mould. Jon told me to take it easy, as the silicone would
be very 'rubbery' and easy to damage with the sharp knife that I was using. It
took us about an hour, and when we had finished I felt a little strange looking
at something that was an identical shape to me. 'My' pussy looked very strange
with the bit hole where the dildo had been. It even had all the folds of my
pussy lips. Rubbing my hand over it made me get a little excited. The breasts
looked better than mine did. They were more cone shaped, more like mine were
when they were just developing, but the nipples were definitely not like mine
were when I was a kid. They are just like they are now (well not this minute).
Jon making me stay out in the cold before the plaster of Paris was put on really
had been worth while. In Jon's words "just like chapel hat pegs."

After lunch I realised that wasn't feeling well, and Jon told me to go to bed.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing October 19
By the Monday morning, I was feeling terrible, I had a fever and was all bunged
up. I stayed like that for most of the week. Jon was very good, he came home
each lunch time to check on me and to try to get me to eat something. When I
hadn't improved by the Thursday Jon arranged for the Doctor to come and see me.
I think that the Doctor was a little surprised when pulled the quilt back to
listen to my chest. The quilt is quite light and when the Doctor pulled it, it
came right off me leaving him looking at my naked body. He seemed a little
surprised but didn't say anything. The doctor gave me a prescription for some
pills that Jon went and got for me when he got home that evening. They started
to work on me, and by the Friday evening I was well enough to go down stairs and
watch television - with a blanket wrapped round me.

Saturday October 24
Didn't get much further than the television all day.

Sunday October 25
Started eating properly, but still very weak. Jon's been great this past week,
don't know what I would have done without him.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing October 26
Jon wouldn't let me go out, said that I should get 100% before I go out into the
cold. Towards the end of the week I was beginning to feel well enough to try to
catch up with the housework.  That made me very tired and Jon said that I had
been pushing myself too hard and not doing as he had told me. He said that I
would get punished for that, but not for a week or so. He said that he didn't
believe in punishing people when they weren't healthy.  He said that if I was
bored I should do something less energetic, and he went and got a vibe out of
the drawer gave it to me and said, "If you get bored, use that.'

Vicky rang on the Thursday evening, and when I told her that I hadn't been well
she said that she would be over on the Saturday.

Saturday October 31
Jon picked Vicky up from the bus station and when they got home she rushed up to
me, gave me a big hug and asked me how I was. Vicky can be really bossy at
times; she wouldn't let me do a thing all day. I had to sit watching television
with a blanket wrapped round me, all day.  She wouldn't even let me have a
shower on my own before going to bed, although I think that she was trying to
cheer me up in the shower. We were in there for about 30 minutes. She massaged
me all over, especially between my legs. She made me cum twice.

Vicky slept with Jon that night.

Sunday November 1
I was feeling much better and got up early and made the breakfast. I could hear
Vicky and Jon having a bit of fun before they finally got up and we all had
breakfast - Vicky naked as well. I could smell the aroma of sex (male and
female) on them before they had a shower.

After breakfast we showed Vicky the new equipment in the punishment room, and I
told her about my 'accident.' "You poor thing" she said, "I bet you really
enjoyed it." She was fascinated with the 'whipping-T' and wanted to try it there
and then, but Jon wouldn't let her.  He said that we were going to the gym and
that we would come back to the 'T' later.

At the gym, Jon told me to take it easy, and only do a couple of the exercises,
so I spent most of the time watching him and Vicky. Jon had told me to wear my
white lycra shorts and a T-shirt while Vicky wore my baggy green running shorts
and a crop top. It was fun looking at Vicky's pussy and tits as she bounced and
stretched. There was a middle-aged man in there that was watching her as well.
The bulge in his shorts told me that he was enjoying the view, so was I. Vicky
didn't seem to care, she was concentrating on what she was doing and at times
didn't even talk to me. The best bit was when she was sat on the machine that
had you stretch your legs as wide apart as you can. I could see the whole of her
lovely smooth shaved pussy. I was enjoying the view and there was a big damp
patch on my shorts. I wonder if the man saw that.

We went for a swim and Jacuzzi after that, Vicky wore my white bikini and I wore
my white one piece - well the bit that covers my bum is one piece. Well we
started off dressed like that, but Jon had us take them off in the Jacuzzi and
give them to him. We had to keep low in the water when a middle-aged couple came
and joined us. We had already been in there for about 15 minutes, and had to
stay with the bubbles up to our necks for about another 10 minutes until they
got out. I was getting very hot by the time Jon gave us our costumes back; I
ended up with the bikini, and was glad when I could get out. The swimming was
nice and relaxing, and went off without incident. We went to a pub after that
for some lunch and Vicky and me had a few men staring at us wearing just short
dresses in the middle of winter.

Back home, Vicky couldn't wait to try-out the equipment in the punishment room.
It was the 'T' that she was really interested in, she had been fascinated when I
had told her about me getting stuck on the 'fucking machine' and passing out,
and wanted to try it. I don't think that she wanted to go quite that far, but
she was almost desperate to have a go. After taking our dresses off Jon
explained how it all worked, but he wouldn't let her have a go straight away. He
said that she had to 'experience' the other end of the 'T' first. Before he
could tell her to get on, she was climbing up and over the top part of the 'T'
waiting for Jon to strap her down.

Jon put the padded nylon with velcro wrist fasteners on her while I did the same
with her ankles. As I got up from doing that, I gently ran a finger over her
gaping pussy and said to her "you're going to like this!" Her pussy was quite
wet already, and she let out a little moan as I touched her. Jon was in a bit of
a cruel mood, and kept Vicky waiting for quite a while before he finally told me
that I had to use the tawse on Vicky. I know what it's like for a woman to be
frustrated and I wanted to get the tawse bit over with so that she could get up
onto the 'fucking machine' as soon as possible so I gave her 10 gentle stokes
quite quickly. Not a sound had come from Vicky, and Jon had obviously realised
what I was doing. He told me to stop, and took over. He gave her 5 really hard
strokes that made her scream out, especially the last one, which wrapped round
her left cheek, the end of the tawse hitting her open pussy. Vicky was crying by
that time, and her butt and left side of her pussy was going bright red. There
was also quite a bit of pussy juices coming out of her.

After those 5 strokes, Jon released the spring-loaded dildo, which shot up and
into her pussy.  She stopped crying and let out a gasp followed by a long moan.
Jon then pulled it out of her and wedged a piece of rope in the spring so that
the end of the dildo was just touching her pussy. Jon then gave Vicky 5 more
strokes, carefully placing them so that he didn't hit the dildo. Vicky was
whimpering by the end of that, a mixture of pain, frustration and some pleasure.
Jon appeared to want to play on the frustration bit and told me that we were
going to leave her like that for 15 minutes while I got us a cup of tea. Poor
Vicky, I bet that she really suffered having the dildo just touching her pussy,
and being unable to push back onto it.

When we went back to her she was still whimpering, but as soon as she saw us she
said, "do something, PLEASE!" Jon did, he pulled the dildo right back and
fastened the clip so that there was no chance of it going into her. He stood up,
looked at her, smiled and said, "right, this is where it really starts."  As I
was unfastening her ankles I saw pussy juices running down the insides of her
thighs, and couldn't resist pushing a finger inside her for a second. Jon saw me
and told me that we were going to have a double session. At that time I didn't
know what he meant, but I soon found out. Jon strapped Vicky wrists together,
and to the rope through the ceiling ring. He then told her to climb onto the
bottom part of the 'T' and impale herself on the dildo, which he had already
secured in place, facing the top part of the 'T'. Vicky gave a loud sigh as she
lowered herself down onto the dildo; the expression on her face told me that she
was enjoying it. After removing the chair that Vicky had used to get onto the
'T', Jon put some tension on the rope and fastened it going round the short side
on the 'egg' disk on the motor.  He didn't switch the motor on at that point;
instead he left Vicky and told me to climb on to the top part of the 'T'. He
then fastened my wrists and ankles to the legs of the 'T', which left me with my
head nearly touching Vicky's stomach. Instead of laying my head on one side I
bent my neck back and looked straight at the front of Vicky's pussy. If I bent
my head right back and looked up, I could just see Vicky's face. We smiled as
our eyes met.

That done, Jon switched the motor on and Vicky started to slowly go up and down
on the dildo.  I was still looking at her face and the expression told me that
she was in heaven. After about 10 seconds, Jon turned his attention back to me.
In very quick succession he gave me 3 strokes of the tawse on my backside. I
hardly had time to say the stroke number followed by "yes Master" before the
next one landed. After the third he stopped and told me that he didn't want to
tire me, and that I would get more at a later date. The 3 were just to warm me
up a bit. The next thing that I knew was that something was entering my pussy.
It was him; he had dropped his trousers and was fucking me. He timed his pace to
match that of the 'fucking machine' which meant that as Vicky came down on the
dildo, I was pushed forward ever so slightly, but just enough for my forehead to
touch Vicky's stomach. I can't remember ever having my face so close to woman's
pussy as it was being fucked, and I was being fucked at the same time. That
together with the fact that I was unable to move meant that I wasn't going to
last long before I had an orgasm.

I think that both Vicky and Jon were enjoying the experience as much as I was
because all 3 of us came within about 20 seconds of each other. Jon stopped
pumping me as he shot his load into me, but the motor kept Vicky going up and
down. As I came back down to earth I noticed the amount of Vicky's pussy juices
that were starting to spread around the base of the dildo.  They were even
spreading along the 'T' towards me and down the insides of her thighs. When Jon
pulled out of me he reached under the 'T' and released the clip that was holding
the spring-loaded dildo in place. I had heard him moving, and had thought that
that was what he was doing, but I still got a surprise as it sprung up and
straight into my pussy. I gasped, and looked up at Vicky, but she was too
far-gone to take any notice. Jon said, "Vanessa, I'm going to get cleaned-up,
give me a shout if you think that Vicky is going to pass out."

After what seemed like hours of me trying to wiggle my backside and get some
more pleasure out of the dildo that was in me, and listening to the slurping and
sucking noises as Vicky went up and down, I realised that Vicky was getting a
bit quiet. I had heard her moans and gasps as she had had 3 orgasms, but she was
starting to get a bit quiet. I shouted "Master - I think that Vicky needs some
help." Jon obviously hadn't been far away as he was there almost immediately,
and after taking one look at Vicky, he switched-off the motor. Vicky was left
hanging there by her wrists, at the top of the dildo. Jon removed the dildo and
then released the rope from the motor and lowered her down onto the 'T'. As he
lowered her body back into his arms her open pussy was right in front of my
face, it was bright red. Jon carried Vicky out of the room and put her on my
bed, then came back to me and unfastened me. I had to get myself down off the
'T' which wasn't as easy as it sounds because the spring-loaded dildo was still
pushing into me.

After Jon had unfastened me and told me to get myself down, he had left me and
gone back to check on Vicky. This meant that I could take my time getting off
the 'T' and I took advantage of that time to see just how strong the spring was.
Instead of climbing up and off the dildo, I pushed back and tried to slide
backwards off the 'T'. With each inch that I slid back, the pressure of the
dildo in me increased, and I by the time that my feet were on the ground, I was
starting to think that I would be able to feel the dildo in my throat. It was
hurting, but at the same time it was nice. Once my feet were on the ground I
managed to reach under the 'T' and push the dildo back into its 'home' position.
As it came out of me I had to lean back to get the angle right.

When I got into my room, Vicky was either unconscious or just asleep. Jon had
left her naked on top of the quilt with her legs wide open. Jon wasn't around,
so I decided to clean myself up, then Vicky. When I got to cleaning her pussy, I
couldn't resist bending over and giving it a kiss and a quick suck of her little
clit.

I covered Vicky up and left her, and about an hour later she came down stairs
with one hand holding her pussy, and looking very tired. After some food, Vicky
still didn't wake-up properly, so Jon told her to get dressed and we took her
home. She fell asleep in the back of the car and I had to wake her when we got
to her flat. Liz (one of Vicky's flatmates) asked Vicky if she was all right,
said that she looked like death warmed-up. Vicky didn't answer, so Jon said, "If
she looks like death, then you could say that she's been fucked to death. I'll
leave it to Vicky to explain."

Back home things seemed a little dull so I started making my new, flesh coloured
bikini. It was good having the silicone model of me; it made life a lot easier.
Jon wanted the bikini bottom to be big, but with a narrow crotch. He said that
the colour was to make people look at me and at first glance think that I was
naked. Once they realised that I wasn't, then they wouldn't take much notice of
me. That way, when I was naked, the people that had seen me before would think
that I wasn't naked. Well I think that that was what he said. The top had to be
fairly big as well, the 2 triangles held together with a thin strap, and
fastened in the front. When I had finished making it, I tried it on. I can see
what Jon means when he says that a quick glance it would make people think that
I had nothing on.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing November 2
Had a quiet week, didn't see Bridie when I went to Tescos, and the paperboy (or
girl) didn't call again.

On the Monday night we had been watching a programme on the television about
exercise and Jon had said that I should think about going to some sort of
exercise evening class. On the Wednesday when I was out shopping I saw a card in
the Post Office window about an aerobics class that was run at the local junior
school on a Thursday evening. When I mentioned it to Jon he told me to go and
check it out. He said that if I didn't like it then I could stop going.

So, the next night I packed my trainers, a T-shirt and my green baggy shorts
(Jon's idea) and a towel into a bag and put on a dress and coat and drove to the
school. A woman about my age called Jenny ran the class. She was very friendly,
and after telling me about the set-up, she pointed out the girls changing rooms
and I went and got changed. There were about 8 other women of all ages getting
changed in there, and when we went into the school gym to start, there were a
few more women, and 4 men, about 20 in all. Jenny had us line up in rows before
she switched the music on and we started. I made sure that I got on the back
row, I didn't want to look an idiot not knowing what to do.

We started off doing all the things that I had seen on the television, and by
the time we stopped for a break I was knackered. Jenny came over to see how I
was doing, and told me that we had been at it for 45 minutes. No wonder I was
knackered. As Jenny was talking to me I noticed that her eyes were looking at my
chest, when I looked down I saw that my T-shirt was wet with sweat and it was
clinging to my skin. It was really showing the shape of my breasts and nipples,
and I could see the dark area of my aureole. Jenny told me that the second half
was less strenuous as most of it was floor work. 

Before we started again, we all had to get a mat to lay on, and we all lined up
again. I kept my place on the back row. Jenny had us do all sorts of stretching
and press-up type exercises while she walked in between us all, telling us what
to do, and 'encouraging' the ones who weren't trying that hard. When she came my
way, she was quiet for a minute or so before telling me that she thought that I
could get my legs further apart than they were. At the time we were all on our
backs with our feet high in the air and wide part. I was really concentrating on
pushing myself, and wasn't thinking about what I was wearing. It was warm in the
school gym, and I was sweating from all the exercises so I wasn't thinking about
keeping warm. It was only when I looked at Jenny and saw where her eyes were
pointing that I remembered that I had my short, baggy green running shorts on,
with no knickers on underneath. Jenny was looking right at my pussy through the
gaping leg holes. More than that, if Jenny could see everything that I've got
then the people who were laid at my feet could too.  

Well, it was too late by then, I'd obviously been giving everyone a good view
for quiet a while so another 10 minutes to the end of the lesson wasn't going to
make much of a difference. I just started taking quick looks at the people in
front of me to see who was trying to see my pussy, and trying to think what they
were thinking.

When we all stood up at the end of the lesson I noticed that the middle aged man
that had been directly in front of me had either been having a good look at me,
or he kept a torch in his shorts.

Jenny called me over to her after bring the class to a close. She asked me if I
had enjoyed myself and if I would be going again the next week. She kept me
talking for ages about nothing in particular, until she suddenly said, "you'll
really boost the number of men coming to these classes if you keep coming
dressed in those shorts."  I blushed a little bit and said, "I don't know what
you mean, what's wrong with them."  "Absolutely nothing" Jenny replied, "they're
just great, just what's needed" I knew exactly what she meant, and the grin on
her face told me that she knew that I knew.

She started walking towards the changing rooms and we went in as the other women
were starting to come out and go home. By the time that we had stripped off and
got in the showers we were the only ones left in there. It seemed funny being
back in school showers, there's something about them. As I was showering I was
remembering my days at school when all us little girls were shy about being
naked together, how we used to try to cover ourselves and only have a few
seconds under the water.

Jenny suddenly said something that brought me back to reality, and I looked over
at her. She has quite a slim body, with shoulder length brown hair. Her breasts
are about the same size as mine, but her nipples are a lot smaller. When she
turned to look at me I saw that she hardly had any pubic hair, it didn't look as
if she shaved, she only had a few, and they were all in a tall thin triangle
above the front of her pussy. Jenny saw me looking at her, and asked me how
often I shaved my pussy. She seemed fascinated when I told her that I didn't
shave any more, that I had removed them all with a special machine. I could she
her cringing as I was telling her about the depilatory machine so I told her
that it didn't hurt at all, the only problem was that it took so long. Jenny
joked saying "well it wouldn't take long with me with the few that I've got."  I
laughed a bit and agreed with her.

As we were getting dressed Jenny noticed that I didn't have a bra or knickers
and said, "got rid of your bras and knickers as well then."  She had said it in
a joking way and just said, "Oh!" when I told her that I had stopped wearing
them over 6 months ago.

On the way out, Jenny asked me if I'd like to go for a drink with her. I said,
"Thank you for the offer, but I've got to get back to my Master." She looked a
bit puzzled as I continued "How about after next weeks class?" Jenny said, "OK"
and I headed for home.

Back home Jon asked me how I had got on and I told him that I had enjoyed it,
and that I wanted to go again the next week. I told him all about Jenny, and he
said that I would have to watch her, he said that she sounded as if she was a
lesbian, and might try to get into my knickers - if I'd been wearing any. When I
told Jon that most of the other women there had been wearing leotards he said
that we would go and have a look in the shops and see what we could find.

When I got up on the Friday morning, I had aches all over. It took until
lunchtime for me to get back to normal.

Saturday November 7 and Sunday November 8
The weekend went off without anything interesting happening, probably because
Jon had a lot of work to do, and he had to go into work on the Sunday - all day.
I say without anything interesting happening, but that's not quite true. I broke
a cup when I was washing-up on the Saturday evening, and Jon had me 'assume the
position' on the kitchen floor for about 30 minutes, before he put me over his
knee and gave me 100 slaps with his hand. My bum was bright red and sore by the
time I had said, "100, thank you Master" but I managed to avoid crying. After
he'd finished that, Jon had me bend over the kitchen table, and he had me from
behind. It hurt my bum each time he slammed into me. Because I had nearly cum
while he had been spanking my bum, I came twice before he came in me. He had me
stay laid over the kitchen table for 15 minutes after he pulled out, and I could
feel our juices running down my legs. I wanted to reach under and make myself
cum again, but Jon threatened to restrain me in the frame in the back garden for
an hour. It was bloody cold outside so I managed to wait until he let me go and
take a shower.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing November 9
Jon took me out for a meal on the Monday night, to a posh restaurant in Derby. I
had to wear my black pencil dress with the remote vibe in me. I has glad that
Jon let me wear my coat as it was a long walk from the car to the restaurant,
and I would have been frozen by the time we had got there. As it was, my nipples
really stuck out when I took my coat off, and I noticed one man looking at me.
He was so engrossed in looking at my nipples and legs that he didn't notice me
staring back at his face.

As soon as we'd sat down, Jon told me to shuffle my dress up so that my bare bum
was on the seat. I was glad when Jon told me to put my napkin on my lap as even
I could see my pussy when I looked down.

Jon had got the remote control for the vibe out of his pocket and put it on the
table. He was lightly playing with it (but not switching it on) right up until
the waiter came and gave us the menus and asked us if we wanted a drink. Jon
ordered his and just as I was about to ask for a lager, he switched the vibe on.
I'd guessed that Jon would do something like that, but it still caught me by
surprise. I almost jumped as it started throbbing inside me. The waiter asked me
if I was all right as I went a bit red and struggled to get the word lager out.
Jon just sat there expressionless. Jon left the vibe on, on low, for the 4 or 5
minutes before the waiter came back with the drinks and to take our order. By
the time he arrived I was getting quite fidgety, I was getting close to an
orgasm. Just as the waiter arrived Jon switched the vibe off. On the one hand I
wasn't pleased, as I wanted that orgasm, but on the other hand I didn't want the
embarrassment of having an orgasm while trying to give the waiter my order. Just
as I was in the middle of telling the waiter what I wanted for my main course,
Jon hit the button. I almost jumped of the chair, The waiter said, "Is madam
alright?" and Jon replied by saying "Madam is just fine, just a little excited." 

It was a struggle, but I managed to order, and hold off coming until the waiter
walked away. I was squirming in my seat, but I did it. Jon switched the vibe off
straight away and started talking about what we were going to look for when we
went shopping at the weekend. At least I think that that was what he was saying
my mind wasn't quite there.

Eating the main course was relatively uneventful, Jon switched the vibe onto low
a couple of times, but only for a few seconds, I guess that he wanted to keep me
'warmed-up' ready for more quite quickly. By the time that we finished the main
course, I was glad that Jon had told me to pull my dress up over my bum, my
juices were making me and the seat quite wet, and I could smell that familiar
aroma of my pussy.

Another couple had come in and sat a couple of tables away. The man had sat with
his back to the wall like me, and he had started to look at me. No one else
could see, but with my dress over my bum, even with the napkin on my lap, the
sides of my legs, right up to my waist were uncovered, and that man had noticed.
By the time that I noticed that he had noticed, I had had about 3 glasses of
wine and the lager to start with, so I didn't care anymore.

When the waiter brought the sweet trolley over, Jon had the remote control in
clear sight for the waiter to see. To make matters worse, Jon asked him if he
had seen one of those before.  Jon said that it was a remote control for his car
alarm, and if he pressed the button and tuned the 'volume' up, then he might
just be able to hear the car alarm responding. Jon pressed the button a couple
of times and asked the waiter if he could hear it. Guess what? - he couldn't, so
Jon gave it to him and told him to have a go. When the waiter still couldn't
hear anything, then he told him to turn the 'volume' up and have another go.
Well what could I do? I had to just sit there and take it. I was getting too
close to a second orgasm for comfort - well in the middle of a restaurant. When
Jon told the waiter to turn up the 'volume' I just burst inside. I let out a
quiet moan and sat there physically shaking. The waiter was concentrating on
what he was doing, but Jon was watching me, so was the man a couple of tables
away. After what seemed like an eternity, Jon said to the waiter "never mind,
maybe we're too far away." He took the remote from the waiter, put it on the
table and switched it off.  When the waiter looked at me and saw the sweat
running down my face he said, "are you sure you're OK?" I managed to say that I
was, and to order some chocolate gateaux. Afterwards I thought that I should
have said that 'perhaps I shouldn't have come (cum) tonight'. I think that that
would have made Jon smile, it did me when I thought of it.

That was the end of the vibe being on that night, and I managed to clean myself
up a bit before we left. When we got home Jon had me over the back of the sofa
before we went to be.  I asked him if I could make him cum again with my mouth,
but he said that he was too tired, and we went to bed. 

Thursday - went to the aerobics class, and I was changed and in the school gym
before Jenny arrived. I wore my green shorts and largish T-shirt. One or two of
the other class members had said 'hello' to me and one man in his thirties tried
to chat me up. Jenny didn't waste any time when she arrived and got us lined-up
and started straightaway. The thirty something man was directly in front of me,
and as we started I thought about him being able to get a good look at my pussy,
but I didn't care. It wasn't costing me anything, and I knew that if I thought
about it I would get a bit of a thrill out of it; and I'm damn sure that he
would be getting a thrill, maybe even a hard-on. About half way through the
first half, Jenny started walking round the gym, 'encouraging' people to try
harder. When she got to me she gave me a long smile before moving on. She came
and had a quick chat with me at the break before pushing us hard in the second
half.

When we finished Jenny came to me and told me that the man who had been in front
of me had a big bulge in the front of his shorts and a wet patch where he had
been leaking pre-cum juices. She was giggling a bit as she told me, and I
started giggling as we both looked over towards him. I asked her if she had
noticed anyone else looking, but she said, "only me." Jenny kept me talking for
ages, telling me what she had been doing all week, and about another keep fit
evening class that she ran. It is a sort of circuit training with all sorts of
obstacles that you have to complete a sort of assault course. It sounds fun; I
might go and try it - if Jon agrees.

When we finally got into the changing room all the other women had gone and it
wasn't long before we were both naked in the showers. As were talking and
soaping ourselves, Jenny started staring at the wall at the end. When I asked
her what she was looking at she whispered that she had thought that she had seen
a light shinning out of the wall. I said, "you're loosing it girl" but she was
certain, and went to get a closer look. She picked up her soap and came back and
told me that there was a small hole in the tiles, and that she must have seen a
light coming right through the wall. I said, "I wonder if the light had been
blocked by someone looking through?" I squeezed my soap and made sure that it
went flying towards the hole.  When I went to pick it up I bent down and had a
quick look through the hole. I nearly jumped back as I saw an eye staring at me.
I stood up and thought for a second before walking back to Jenny. As I did, I
said, "it's OK, it's just a hole in the tiles," and carried on with my shower. 
When Jenny looked at me I whispered that someone was watching us through the
hole, and was a little surprised when she said, "let's give them something to
really get them worked-up."

At first I didn't know what she meant, but she stepped towards me and started
soaping my back for me. It didn't take long for me to catch-on, and I turned
round and started soaping her front. It wasn't long before we were 'exploring'
all over each other's body. My hand drifted down to the few light brown pubic
hairs that she had, and then down to her pussy as our lips met and we had a long
French kiss. Her hands were working on my nipples, which went instantly hard as
soon as her fingers touched them. Jenny's legs opened as my fingers searched for
her little clit and then her hole. There was absolutely no resistance as first
one, and then two of my fingers went into her. As they did she broke the kiss
and let out a long slow moan.

We collapsed to the floor, and were soon in the '69' position. I managed to make
sure that Jenny was on the floor and me on top of her, with my backside to the
hole in the wall.  Whoever was there would be getting an excellent view of my
open pussy - when Jenny wasn't 'eating' me. And eat me she was certainly trying
to do. At one point I thought that she was trying to bite my clit off. The pain
made me cum very quickly, and I had to really concentrate to get her to cum. All
this time our two showers were pouring warm water down onto us, and when we
finally stood up my hands were all white any wrinkly.

I stood behind Jenny and put my arms around her and down to her pussy. I
whispered to her "let's give him (assuming that it was a him) one more little
show." I turned her to face the hole and pulled her legs apart and with my left
hand caressing her left breast, my right hand stroked the insides of her lower
lips and clit. Her head lay back on my shoulder as I slowly brought her to her
second orgasm which had her shaking and shouting "yes!  yes!  yes!"    
  
As we got dried I looked over towards the showers - and the hole in the wall,
and decided that if I moved a little to the left, then the person on the other
side might just be able to see me getting dried and dressed. I really took my
time getting dry, and Jenny was dressed and ready for off whilst I was still
naked. "Come on, hurry up, or do you want some more?" Jenny asked.  "Sorry, I
was miles away" I said and quickly put my shoes dress and coat on. As we were
walking out of the school, Jenny asked me if I would like to go for that drink
with her, and we went to the pub at the end of the road.

Jenny got the drinks and we sat opposite each other in a quiet corner of the
pub. As usual, I didn't cross my legs, and it wasn't long before Jenny said,
"cross your legs girl, I can see your pussy." I told her all about Jon and his
rules, and Jenny listened without saying a word. In the end I asked her if she
was all right and she said, "Oh, yes, that's amazing, that explains why you said
'your Master' last week, and 'are you happy with things that way?'" It didn't
take long for me to tell her that I was VERY happy with things the way they
were, and she then said, "well I guess that I will have to get used to staring
at your beautiful, smooth pussy every time that I see you." I smiled and said,
"complaining are you?"

We were both laughing at that when Jenny noticed that there were 3 men at the
bar that kept looking at us. When she pointed this out to me I noticed that they
were looking at a small piece of paper and then up at us. After a while one of
them came over to us and held a photo up for us both to see. It was of me,
naked, spread-eagle, blindfolded, and tied to a bed. The man said, "Me and my
mates are having a bit of an argument. I say that this is a photo of you, and
Joe says that it isn't you. Is it you?" he said looking at me.  I went a bit
red, as Bride said, "No it can't be." The man said, "Yes it is you isn't it?" 
Well, what could I say, I couldn't tell a lie, so I said, "Yes it is, but I
didn't pose for it, it was taken without my permission. Where did you get it
from?" Before the man could answer, Jenny pinched the photo from him and was
having a good look as the man started to tell us that there were copies being
passed all round his works and mates. He didn't know where they came from, but
there were plenty about. As he was telling me this I realised that if played it
cool, then he (and his mates) might go away and leave us alone. I decided to
pretend that it was a woman that took the pictures and that I wasn't interested
in men. Jon would kill me if I let them try anything on with me.

I said, "they were taken by an ex-lover of mine, and I've finished with her now.
This (pointing to Jenny) is my new lover. Do you like the photos then?" "Yes,
you've got a great body, but I never imagined that you were a lesbian." He said
looking at Jenny and me with a disappointed look on his face. As if to confirm
what I was saying, Jenny reached out and put her hand on my arm. The man left us
and I could see his mates giving us funny looks as he told them what I had said.
Jenny and me almost burst out laughing and Jenny said, "nice one - LOVER."

Our conversation drifted back to the school showers and Jenny suggested that we
try to find out who had been spying on us. We both came up with suggestions as
to who. It could have been the man with the hard-on, or someone else in the
class, or the caretaker, or some young boys who knew about the hole and had
sneaked into the school. Who knows, but we decided to turn up early next week,
have a good look round and work out what was on the other side of that wall.  We
left shortly after that as I told Jenny that I had better get back to Jon. When
we parted Jenny gave me a quick kiss on my cheek, and squeezed my bum as she did
it.

When I got home Jon asked me all about my evening. He stopped me when I started
to tell him about the session in the showers, and then got me to continue as he
fucked me in his bed.  Fortunately he had cum just before I told him about the
photo in the pub. I had forgotten that I hadn't told him about them being taken,
and he hadn't read this journal for a few weeks. He was a bit mad, and told me
that I would be punished for it, but that didn't stop him getting hard again,
and we went to sleep with his dick still inside me.

Friday - Woke up with Jon's arm round me all contented and cosy. When he woke up
I got his breakfast while he shaved. My muscles ached from the previous
evening's exercise.

Later in the afternoon the paperboy finally called for his money. It was the boy
that had been many times, and he didn't seem at all surprised when I opened the
door naked. I could see him staring at me, but he wasn't lost for words at all.

When Jon came home he was in a bad mood and had me 'assume the position' as soon
as he walked in the door. I had to stay like that while he got his own tea, then
he took me up to the punishment room and had me lay face down on the floor while
he put the velcro and nylon wrist and ankle cuffs on me. He attached ropes to
them and put a support strap under my waist and then got the electric motor to
pull me up to what I call 'dick height'. My arms and legs were stretch-out wide
and it was a bit uncomfortable, but not too bad, which was a good job as he left
me there all night. But that was after he had put the ball gag on me and given
me 50 strokes with his leather belt. I was trying to count them, but it was
impossible with the ball gag on. After 25, Jon changed position and started
getting the belt to go down between my legs and onto my pussy. Jon seemed to be
putting more and more effort into each stroke, I suppose he was trying to get
rid of his anger. I don't know who'd upset him, but he was taking it out on my
backside. I was crying quite a lot by the time I got the 40th stroke, and my
pussy was really throbbing. At the same time I could feel my juices flowing, and
I knew that it wouldn't be long before I had an orgasm. The last 5 strokes all
landed on my clit and by the end it felt as big as Jon's dick. No sooner than
Jon had given me the 50th stroke, he was stood in between me and was pumping
into me like a steam engine. I came again just as he shot his load into me.

Saturday November 14
I didn't see Jon again until he lowered me down in the morning, and I was glad
that Jon always left the central heating on over-night. I had managed to get
some sleep, but I was aching all over. Not to mention my bum and clit that was
stile sore. As he let me down, Jon asked me, in a quiet calm voice, if I was OK
and even rubbed some cream into my sore bum. His bad mood had obviously gone,
and he was back to his normal self. I had a long soak in the bath, then some
breakfast before I put on shoes, dress and a coat and we went to Birmingham
shopping for a leotard. We went into loads of sports shops, but could only find
big thick ones that looked as if they were designed for Grannies. In the end Jon
told me to get some more of the thin white lycra and make one myself. He said
that it had to be low cut at the front, back and sides, and high cut at the
sides. In other words it had to be almost side-less. He also said that it had to
have a narrow crotch with only a thin strip going between my cheeks. As he was
describing it I thought that it might as well be a few lengths of string tied
together at the appropriate places.

After we gave-up on the leotard we had some lunch in the cafe of one of the big
department stores. It was in there that Jon decided that we would go to some car
showrooms and have a look at some new cars. Not that Jon was thinking of buying
one, it was just to look - and for Jon to show-off my ass. The first one that we
went to had a big showroom with lots of cars ranging from small ones to big
4-wheel drive vehicles. Jon told me to leave my coat in his car, which just left
me wearing a black tight fit short dress and shoes. One of the salesmen pounced
on us as soon as walked through the door, and Jon pretended that we were looking
for 2 new cars, one for him, and one for me. His idea was to get the salesman to
show us round just about ever car that they had. The salesman was in his late
twenties, and not bad looking. He seemed to be paying as much attention to me as
he was to Jon.

As the salesman took us to each model and told us all about them we pretended to
be interested, and had a good look at them. Jon told me get into each one and
see if I though they were comfortable. To start off with, I got in and out in a
very lady like manor and kept my legs together, but after the second car Jon
whispered to me to start flashing my pussy to the salesman. That was fine by me
as I now enjoy letting strangers see my body. I started wondering how many cars
I would have to get in and out of before my juices would start to flow and my
lips swell up. The third car was very small and only had 2 doors. Jon told me to
get in the back to see if there was enough legroom and if it was comfortable.
There was no way that I could get in the back without having to bend over. To
make sure that Jon (and me) got what he wanted. I asked the salesman if he would
hold the door open for me. As expected, when I bent over and stuck my head into
the car the back of my dress rode up exposing most of my ass, and leaving the
sales man with a great view of both my ass and my pussy. I wondered if there
were still any red marks left from Jon using his belt on me the previous night.
That thought soon disappeared when I heard the salesman cough and ask me if I
could manage. I stayed half in and half out for a few seconds more, then got
right in, turned round and sat down. I looked at Jon then the salesman who had a
red face and was staring at my body. My dress hadn't had chance to slide back
down to its normal position, and even I could see where my pubic hair used to
be. (I'm real glad that I no longer have to shave every day, I don't know how
men put up with it.) 

The salesman was still transfixed with my crotch as I pulled the front seat back
into place. It 'clunked' into place and I said, "Ow!" as it hit my knees. It
didn't hurt, but I just wanted to wake the sales man up. "There isn't much leg
room in here" I said, "I've got to keep my legs apart to be comfortable." The
salesman was quick off the mark, and he leaned in and looked over the back of
the front seat to see my pussy staring straight back at him. "Here let me help
you" he said, "the seat will slide forward and give you lots more room."  "Thank
you" I said, "it's not very lady-like having to sit like this." 

The salesman was fumbling with the seat catch and taking his time as he stared
straight at my pussy. I looked at Jon who was just stood there with a big grin
on his face. I could feel the salesman's eyes burning my pussy as tingling in my
lower body radiated out from my pussy.  My clit was starting to throb just
having that stranger really staring at me from so close.  The salesman finally
managed to move the seat; I pulled my knees together and said, "not bad in here,
there's more room than I thought there would be."  The salesman excused himself
and disappeared leaving Jon and me on our own. I guess that the salesman was
going to relieve the bulge that had appeared in the front of his trousers. Jon
told me to get out of the car and came round to me and said, "Well done, you've
earned a good fucking for that one." We left before the salesman came back and
went to another garage. This one didn't have small cars, only big expensive ones
and lots of big 4 wheel drive vehicles.

Again a salesman came up to us as soon as we walked in the door. This time it
was a middle-aged man, and before he had finished saying 'hello' he was joined
by a young woman in a smart 'business' suit. She couldn't have been much older
than me, and gave us a nice smile as the older man introduced himself. Jon said
that we were looking for a 4 wheel drive vehicle for our family (!) and that it
needed to have only 2 side doors because he didn't want the kids to be able to
play with thinks that they shouldn't. I ignored Jon's little story and went over
to a Range Rover. It looked very nice. The sales people and Jon followed me over
and they started talking about all the bits and pieces that it had. I wasn't
really listening, but climbed into the driver's seat. It's a lot higher off the
ground than a normal car and there was no way that I could get in with any
dignity so I just reached up with my left leg and pulled myself up and in.  The
inevitable happened with my dress and I heard the salesman stop in mid sentence
and then continue talking to Jon after a couple of seconds pause. I didn't
bother trying to pull my dress down and again I could see my smooth pubes.

I started fiddling with all the knobs and switches and the sales woman came over
to me and started telling me what they all did. She was stood next to me with
the door open and was leaning over me some of the time to show me how a
particular knob worked. Each time she leaned over me or pulled back I could see
her eyes look down at my crotch. After a few minutes of details that I wasn't
even listening to she stopped talking so I shuffled myself about in the seat.
This had the effect of making my dress go a bit higher and my legs opening a
couple of inches. I asked "these seats are quite big and comfortable, do they
recline?"  She said, "yes" and pressed a switch at the side of the seat. My back
started going down and it wasn't long before I was laid flat. My dress had
obviously gone with my body, and the hem was about an inch short of covering my
pussy. The sales man and woman were looking straight at my pussy. Jon let them
stare at me for quite a few seconds before he asked for a brochure and a price
list. The man 'woke up' and said, "yes, I'll get one for you sir" and he left
us. The woman was still looking at my pussy so Jon said, "how do you get the
seat back upright?"  After about 5 seconds the woman said, "Oh, err yes, you
just press this button." She leaned into the car and watched my body come
upright.

I climbed out, but Jon said, "how easy is it to get into the back seats?" The
woman told us that we just had to slide the seat forward and climb in. Jon then
said, "Go on Vanessa, have a go, and then tell us if it was easy." So I did.
Sliding the seat forward was easy, but it was a real climb to get in, and I had
to bend over again. The inevitable happened and my backside and pussy was on
full display at about chest height. I'd seen some girls climbing into the back
of vehicles like this before, and noticed that they often gave a glimpse of
knickers, but I'd forgotten about it until I realised that my pussy was about 2
feet away from the face of this saleswoman. As I was struggling to get in I saw
that the salesman was coming back with the brochure. I bet that he got a good
view as well. I don't know if I could have got out going forwards because I
didn't try, I decided to get out the same way as I got in so everyone got
another eyeful. After that Jon thanked the sales people and we left. As we were
walking towards the door I heard the woman say "well, I haven't had one like
that before, quite a little show-off wasn't she?" I just managed to hear the man
reply "You get quite a few like that these days, there seems to be more and more
as the years go on" as we walked out of the door. Back in the car Jon and me
looked at each other and burst out laughing. Jon said that he had had fun, and
that we would definitely have to go round some more garages, but not then, it
was getting late, so we headed for home.

Back home, Jon gave me the good fucking that he promised. We watched the
television with me impaled on him for about an hour. He was playing with my clit
for most of the time, and he would not let me ride up and down on him. He said
that he wanted to last, and he certainly did. He stretched and squeezed my clit
so much that it didn't take me long to want to have an orgasm, but each time I
got close he stopped and waited for 5 minutes before he started again. I was
getting really desperate to cum before he finally took me over the edge. It was
a really intense orgasm, and I couldn't stop my body and pussy muscles from
twitching. This made Jon cum as well and we both sat there with him still inside
me until his dick went soft.  We went to bed early that night and Jon fucked me
again before we went to sleep.

Sunday November 15
Got up late - both of us, after another fucking session, with me trying to
swallow his dick, and Jon trying to swallow my clit. I'd swear that it's getting
bigger, it must be well over half an inch long now, and it doesn't take much for
it to really show between my lips. Jon says that I'm turning into a little boy.
With it sticking out so much, and not wearing knickers at any time, it gets
rubbed - accidentally - quite a lot. That only goes to make it harder, so it
gets rubbed more. That's my excuse for feeling horny so much these days. When I
spoke to Jon about it he said that we would have to try to get it bigger. That
he would tie a weight to it on a bit of string, and as I walked around it would
swing back and forward and hopefully stretch it - as well as getting me more
horny.

Jon went into the garage and came back with some nylon fishing line and what
looked like a big heavy washer. It was about an inch and a half across and about
an inch thick. He tied the nylon line to the weight, and then the other end
round my clit. When I stood up the weight has hanging about a half way down to
my knees. I could feel the pressure on my clit, both from the knot round my
clit, and from the weight. It didn't hurt, in fact it felt good. And then I
walked into the kitchen. The weight was bouncing about, and getting knocked by
my legs as I walked.  Every time that happened the nylon cord pulled at my clit.
It did feel good. I knew that if I were to walk a long way then I would be
having an orgasm soon. It was nearly as good as wearing my Ben Wa balls. Jon
told me to wear it all the time, when I was at home, for 2 weeks, and that we
would see if my clit grew in that time. I could see that I was going to have a
very 'interesting' 2 weeks.

Round about lunchtime we went to the gym. Jon had me wear a crop top and baggy
green shorts (minus the weight on my clit). He wanted to see my pussy as I
opened my legs during the exercises. A couple of young(ish) men kept looking at
me as they took their exercise. I enjoyed the exercise cycle and carefully moved
the gusset on my shorts so that my bare pussy was on the saddle. After 10
minutes on that Jon had to stop me as I was in a bit of a sexual trance, and was
in danger of cumming and screaming out. The stretching the legs wide machine was
a bit of a problem as I didn't want to make my pussy flashing too obvious. I got
round that problem by casually letting my hands rest on my lap. The rest of the
hour in the gym went quickly with nothing else happening worth mentioning.

From the gym we went for a swim. Jon wore his almost see-through undies and I
wore my flesh-coloured bikini. As we walked into the pool area a few people did
a double take of me, but there was nothing to see, I was all covered-up. We
jumped in and did a couple of lengths before Jon decided that we should go into
the Jacuzzi. As we got out of the pool I looked down at myself and could clearly
see my dark aureoles and big nipples pushing the thin material out.  As I looked
further down the thin material of the narrow crotch was inside one of my pussy
lips. The teenage girl in the Jacuzzi stared at me with her mouth wide open as
we climbed in. I smiled at her and said, "Hi" but didn't get any response.

After a couple of minutes Jon grabbed hold of me and pulled me onto his lap. As
he did that one of his hands was pulling my bikini bottoms to one side and I
felt his hard dick rest on my pussy lips. I pushed down and in he went. Not
right in, just part ways. I sighed and said, "that's better" and the girl looked
at me in a puzzled way. I wasn't sure if she knew what we were doing or not. Jon
started lifting me up a little bit, then lowering me down. I knew what he was
doing, and started helping him a bit. I think that the girl realised what we
were doing because she suddenly got up and out and left the pool area.  We were
on our own then, and I kept going up and down on Jon for a few minutes, but he
stopped me and lifted me off him saying "not yet V."  We went back into the pool
for a few minutes before going up to the Sauna.

There was only a Japanese looking man in the Sauna, and he only had a towel
draped over his lap. As I walked in I could see his dick and balls hanging over
the edge of the seat. Jon had seen it as well, and took it as a que for us to
strip off as well. He quickly took his undies off and pointed to my bikini
indicating that I had to take it off.  I did, and sat down next to Jon, facing
the Japanese man. After about a minute Jon looked at me, then down at my legs,
then to my eyes, then to my legs. I quickly realised that he wanted me to open
my legs. So I did, about 6 inches. The man opposite looked over to me, then back
down to the floor. Jon obviously didn't get the reaction that he wanted so he
lifted his feet up onto the seat, bending his knees and putting his feet as near
his bum as he could. This meant that his dick and balls were very prominent. He
looked at me indicating that I should do the same, so I did. My pussy and clit
were staring the man in the face. I didn't see him look at me, but I could see
his towel start to make a little tent, and after a couple of minutes he got up
and left. 

We were alone in the Sauna, and Jon immediately lay on his back and told me to
give him a blowjob. It didn't take long to get him hard, and he was ready to cum
in seconds. But before he did he told me to sit on him so that he shot his jism
inside me. No sooner than he was in me I felt his warm liquid flow into me. I
sat there as his dick went soft, and he then told me to sit with my legs up
again so that he could see his juices dribble out of me. He was sat opposite me
watching as the girl from the Jacuzzi walked in. She looked a little startled
and said, "I didn't know that it was a nude Sauna." Jon didn't say anything, so
I said, "It depends on who's in here. There have just been 6 naked Japanese
people in here so we thought that we would do the same. You can join us if you
like."  "Well I don't know" she said at first, but then said, "well OK then" and
she started taking her costume off.

She looked about 15 and had large breasts for her age. When she got her costume
off I saw that she had a small triangle of pubic hair that was obviously
trimmed. She sat at the other end of the same bench as Jon, and put her legs up
(flat and together) so that she was looking towards both of us. I'm sure that
she would have been able to see Jon's cum seeping out of my pussy, and I could
certainly see some of it still on Jon's dick. After a couple of minutes the girl
relaxed and let her legs open a bit. I could see the lips of her pussy but there
was no sign of her clitoris. I glanced down and saw mine really sticking out. A
few minutes later the heat got too much for me and I asked Jon if I could go for
a cold shower. I left my bikini there and went for a shower, half hoping that
someone would come into the open area and see me, but they didn't. When I got
back Jon had turned to face the girl and still had his feet on the bench with
his knees bent. He was starting to get hard (I don't know how he manages that
with all that heat). The girl was laying back against the wall with her knees
about a foot apart staring at Jon. I could see why Jon was getting hard, her
lips were swollen, and I knew what both of them were thinking about.

I sat down on the other side of the room, and brought my feet up again. I was
desperately trying to think of something to say that would break the ice. When
my mouth opened out came "I can see that I'm going to have to do something about
that before long," and I was looking at Jon's dick which was starting to point
to the ceiling. Jon smiled and replied, "Yes you will, unless our friend here
would like to oblige." The girl obviously lost her bottle because she got up,
picked-up her costume and walked out. Just as she got out, one of the staff
(male) walked into the area and stopped dead in his tracks as he saw this naked
15 year old girl. She just walked on and into the ladies changing rooms. The
staff man turned round and went back the way he came, and Jon looked at me and
said, "come on, let's get dresses and go home, I'm hungry. We both walked back
to the respective changing rooms carrying our costumes. As I was walking into
the ladies a fat old lady came out and gave me a filthy look. Back home I got us
some food and we had a quiet rest of the weekend.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing November 16
I did the housework then went into town and go some more of the thin white lycra
to make the leotard. As I was getting dressed to go to town I remembered that
Jon had told me to tie the weight to my clit all week, so I did. When I stood up
the weight was dangling below my dress hem so I took the liberty of shortening
the cord. I hope Jon wouldn't mind. It felt strange, but nice having, the weight
pulling on my clit all the time, and as I walked my legs would knock the weight
which would tug on my clit. I had to stand still every hundred yards or so
because after the third orgasm I decided that I had better try to avoid orgasms
for a while, otherwise I would end-up totally knackered. I have to admit that I
did slip my hand under my dress on the bus on the way home and pull on the
weight until I had another orgasm.

When I did get home I got out the silicone model of my body, and marked it out
with where I thought that Jon wanted it to cover. I managed to make it without
any seams on the crotch so that it would be nice and smooth when I put my hand
on my pussy. By the time I had finished it and tried it on, the crotch part went
instantly wet and nearly see-through. Guess why! I did look silly with the weigh
bulging in the crotch, even when I pushed my clit into the centre of it. 
Tuesday - Bumped into Bridie as I walked round Tescos and she asked if she could
come and see me on the Wednesday, it was her only day off that week. It was
difficult walking up and down the isles, and there was a bit of a thumping noise
when I bent down or over the freezers, as the weight hit the floor or the side
of the freezers. By the time I went to bed that night my clit was sore and
swollen, and it was nothing to do with sexual excitement.

Wednesday - Bridie came round just before lunch. As I was leading her into the
kitchen for a cup of coffee I heard her say, "what's that hanging between your
legs?" After I told her what it was for she said, "You'd need to tie a couple of
bricks to mine to get it even half as big as yours." In the kitchen Bridie took
her coat off revealing that she was wearing a thin short summer dress. There was
no sign of any VKL (visible knicker line) or a bra; her little nipples were
pushing the material right out. "Does your mother know that you've come out
dressed like that?" I asked. "No" she replied, "I put my coat on in my bedroom."
We both laughed as I remembered the tricks that I used to get up to when I was
at school when mini-skirts were just as popular but I daren't go out in one, as
my dad would have thrashed me. Looking back I wish I'd been a bit braver then, I
might have discovered my exhibitionist tendencies and liking for spankings
earlier.

As I was making the coffee Bridie asked if I minded if she took her dress off,
she said that she felt a bit over-dressed. "Be my guest" I said and watched her
pull the thin material over her head in one easy movement. I stood there
enviously looking at her small slim naked body and baby face, her blond hair
just reaching her shoulder. She still had a lovely bald pussy. It was hard to
believe that she was 16, she looked more like a little 12 or 13 year old. The
kettle clicked as it switched itself off and I 'woke-up'. "Glad to see that
you're still using a razor, does your boyfriend like it like that?" I asked. "Oh
yes, he wants to eat me every time that I see him" she replied. "I can
understand why" I said.

Over coffee and then something to eat we had a long talk mainly about sex. By
the time it was 2 o'clock I was getting very wet between my legs, and it wasn't
just from the thin nylon cord round my clit and the weight hanging from it. I
was sure that Bridie was getting turned-on as well, her little nipples were rock
hard and she couldn't keep still on the chair. When I suggested that we go
upstairs she said, "I though you'd never ask." We never made it to the top of
the stairs, as I followed her up the stairs I put my hand between her legs and
onto her pussy. She stopped at turned round to face me. My face was right in
front of her pussy. I could smell her pussy juices and just leaned forwards and
kissed the front of her slit. She sat down on the stairs, opened her legs and I
went down on her right there. It wasn't long before she was shaking as her first
orgasm hit her, but I wasn't going to let her cum again, well not then.  I was
looking forward to seeing her cum many times on the 'fucking machine'. But
before that, I wanted her to use her mouth on me. As she sat on the stairs
coming down from her 'high', I climbed up above her head, opened me legs and
bent down so that my pussy was right in front of her face. When the weight
landed on her chest she opened her eyes and saw my pussy which she immediately
started eating. It didn't take me long to cum, I guess that we had been both
close to cuming just with the talking that we'd been doing.

After I had 'climbed down' we went to the 'punishment room' and I got Bridie
ready for her pleasure ride. As she lowered herself onto the dildo ready for the
machine to start Bride looked at me and told me that she was nervous. I just
smiled and said, "Don't worry, I won't let it fuck you to death." As the motor
slowly raised her up the first time, I moved the chair that she had been
supporting herself on and she said, "Please don't, I might need that."  "Relax
and enjoy it" I said, "you're going to go to limits that you didn't think you
had girl." I said. To start off with Bridie looked a little nervous, but it
didn't take long for her to relax and start enjoying it. After a lot of moaning,
screaming and her third orgasm, Bridie asked me to stop the motor and get her
down, but every time she said, "please" I just said, "not yet." After her fifth
orgasm she had stopped pleading with me, and wasn't even looking at me. She was
looking down towards the ground, shaking and moaning. I decided that it was time
to stop the machine and get her down.

I sat her down with her back to the wall and decided that I needed my share of
the pleasure, switched the motor on, and climbed on and lowered myself onto the
dildo that was still covered in lots of Bridie's pussy juices. I left the chair
in place after using it to make minor adjustments so that I went all the way up
and down on the dildo. I just hoped that the nylon cord wouldn't catch on
anything and rip my clit off. After about 5 minutes Bridie started to get some
life back in her and she gave me a very tired looking smile as I reached my
first orgasm. After my third, my clit was hurting so much that I just had to
stop and I put my feet on the chair. I had a bit of trouble supporting myself as
my legs acted as if they were made of jelly.

Eventually I got myself down and sat beside Bridie. We both sat there for
another 15 minutes as we slowly got some energy back. We must have looked a
right sight with sweat all over us and our legs wide open. After a while we
started talking and Bride told me that she had never experienced anything like
it in her life, "but there again, it's the unexpected that I have come to expect
with you and Jon" she said. "Complaining are you girl?" I asked. She just smiled
and shook her head. We had a shower (together), but we were too tired to let it
be anything other than a 'get yourself clean' shower, and went downstairs for a
drink - something a little stronger than coffee. We sat in silence for a long
time before Bridie suddenly said, "Can I bring my boyfriend next time?" 
"There's an idea" I said, "Jon won't let me have full sex with him, but that
doesn't mean that we can't have lots of fun. The poor lad will think that he's
died and gone to heaven." We didn't fix up a date, but that didn't stop me
thinking about what we could do to the poor boy. Bridie left before Jon came
home, and I had a quiet evening apart from Jon inspecting my clit. He commented
on how swollen it was 

Thursday - I went to aerobics early. I had agreed to meet Jenny 45 minutes early
so that we could try to find out where from, and who was looking at us through
the hole. Jon had agreed to me taking the weight off my clit for the evening,
and I was quite glad of the relief from the pain. My clit had grown, but I think
that the extra size was just swelling.

When I got there, Jenny was waiting for me. We had a good 'explore' and
discovered that at the other side of the wall with the hole was a little
storeroom where the caretaker kept cleaning equipment. The door was unlocked,
and we eventually found the hole by moving a pile of boxes. Looking through I
could see the whole of the shower area. The next problem was to find out who was
looking through it. We decided that we wanted to find out who, but didn't want
to stop them as we were enjoying it as much as them.

Back in the changing rooms we got changed and I put my new leotard on. Jenny
looked at me in it and said, "that might cause a riot in there tonight, the
older women will get jealous and the men will not be able to keep away from
you."  That made me a little nervous and I said that maybe I shouldn't wear it.
Jenny said that I would be OK, but I still wasn't sure and asked if I could make
her one and then we could both wear them. She thought for a few seconds, then
said, "yes please, were about the same size, can I try yours on to see if it
fits." So we both stripped off again, and I stood there, naked, while Jenny
pulled the thin white leotard on.  We might be about the same height, but there
is more of Jenny than there is of me. The leotard looked good on her. She filled
it very nicely, and I told her so. What I didn't tell her was that I could see
her sparse triangle of brown pubic hair through the thin white lycra. After
looking at herself in the mirror, she said, "go on then, will you make one for
me please?"  I smiled and said, "of course I will." She took it off, gave me it
back and started putting her own leotard on. However, she didn't put her black
lycra shorts on underneath, so her butt cheeks were totally exposed just the
same as mine were. "There, that's 2 butts for them to look at" she said.

We left the changing room and went into the main gym. About 5 minutes later the
others started arriving and we both got a few raised eyebrows as the women and
men saw our bare butts. I could see that both Jenny and me were going to cause a
couple of the men to get a hard-on. What I also noticed was that there were 2
new men in the class, word must be getting round.

Jenny got us started, and it wasn't long before I was getting hot and starting
sweating. At the interval Jenny came over to me and whispered to me to adjust
the crotch on my leotard. One side of it had moved inside my lips and the whole
thing was getting just a little see-through because of my sweat. As we chatted
one of the new men came over to us and asked Jenny something about the class
dates and times. She told him that the class would break for Christmas on
December 10th,and resume on January 14th. All the time that they were talking, I
could see his eyes looking me up and down. I've got well used to this these days
and it just doesn't bother me any more.

Jenny got us started again, and this part of the evening had us bending over
backwards a lot.  When I was in what we used to call the 'crab' position at
school (hands and feet only on the floor, with my stomach facing the ceiling and
my arms over my head); I remembered that the crotch of my leotard would be
splitting my lips; and nearly see-through by then. This thought got me excited a
little bit as this week there were 2 men in front of me, and in the position
that we were in, they must have been having a great view. I felt a little rush
of pussy juice as I was thinking about it.

At the end of the session these 2 men started trying to chat me up and after all
the others had gone to get changed, Jenny came over and 'rescued' me. We put the
equipment away and then headed to the changing rooms. By that time most of the
other women had left, leaving just us 2 to hatch our plan. I was to strip off
and start showering, talk to Jenny who wasn't actually getting ready for a
shower, but was going round to the store room to surprise whoever was there.
When I heard Jenny shouting I was to grab a towel and run round to the storeroom
to give her some backup.

After a couple of minutes soaping myself I heard Jenny shouting "And what do you
think you're doing?" so I grabbed my towel and ran. I didn't bother wrapping the
towel round me until I got there. I wasn't expecting anyone other than the
voyeur to be there, and he'd already seen me naked, so I didn't bother wrapping
it round me until I got there. Quite a surprise as well, the eye belonged to a
boy of about 14. Jenny told me that when she'd opened the door he'd been looking
through the hole with his trousers round his ankles and was pumping away. His
little erection had gone by the time that I got there, but his trousers were
still round his ankles. He was trembling with fear as he pleaded with us not to
call the police. I was so surprised that I had forgotten to wrap my towel round
me and I just stood there as Jenny said, "what do we do now?" We hadn't
discussed that and I just said, "I don't know."

We stood in silence for a few seconds before I said, "I know, you (Jenny) go and
lock the entrance door while I take this boy back to the changing rooms. We'll
work out what were going to do as we get changed." Jenny went off and I told the
boy to pull up his trousers and follow me. Back in the girls changing room I
told the boy to take his clothes off and stand and wait while I finished my
shower. I told him that he was less likely to run off if he didn't have any
clothes on. When he was naked I took him to the showers area and told him to
stand facing the showers with his hands on his head. When he'd done that I took
my towel off and got back into the shower. Just as I did so, Jenny came in and
said, "Well, I was going to ask what you've decided, but I can see that you've
already got that in hand."  "Not totally" I said, "I'm not sure what to do with
him next. But first I'm going to finish my shower, are you going to join me?"

As Jenny stripped off the boy kept looking from her to me and back, Apart from
his embarrassment at being caught and having to stand naked in front of us, he
must have though that he was in heaven. He was starting to relax a bit and his
excitement was beginning to show. Jenny and me soaped each other before she
pounced on me and gave me a long French kiss. My hands were playing with her
nipples and pussy (and hers with mine) and it wasn't long before we were both
cumming. I had nearly forgotten about the boy when Jenny said, "Go on then, beat
that meat."  The lad looked a little puzzled so she said, "get wanking." He knew
what that meant and started pumping his little dick. We both watched as he
worked himself up and shot his load over towards us. I was quite impressed with
how far it came.

When he was done Jenny and me started getting dried as the boy still stood there
watching us.  Jenny and me talked about what the rest of his punishment would
be. In the end we decided that he would have to join us for the aerobics class
for the next week and help us clean up afterwards. If he was really good, then
we would let him watch us shower - providing he did the same as he did that
night. We kept him standing there naked until we were ready to leave, and then
made him carry his clothes to the front door. We then kicked him outside still
naked and told him to get dressed and go home. We never did find out how he got
into the school.

In the pub Jenny and me had a good laugh about the whole evening. The poor boy,
and the look on the faces of the class when they saw our naked butts. Jenny
seemed a little worried at what it might do to attendance as she was getting a
percentage of the class fees. I reminded her that we needed to think about what
we were going to do with the boy. We needed some way to embarrass him even more
and Jenny said that it would be a good idea to make him wear some girl's
knickers while he was in the class. I agreed with her that it would be a good
idea, but she would have to provide them, as I don't possess any. "Leave it with
me" she said.  We left after one drink and laughed as we talked about the boy as
we walked out.     

Friday - was a quiet day. I had the weight hanging from my clit again, and I was
looking forward to a weekend without it. The pain from the swelling was starting
to outweigh the pleasure of the tugging.

Saturday November 21
Again another quiet day, Jon had to go to work in the morning, and in the
afternoon I had to wash the car wearing just my coat and shoes. That was cold.
In the evening Jon took me to a pub in the country and we had a quiet drink and
some food. The place was pretty quiet and nothing exciting happened. 

Sunday November 22
Jon took me shopping for some knee high boots. We drove up to the large shopping
centre outside Sheffield and looked in all the shoe shop windows. Jon (and me)
wanted to have a bit of fun with the shop assistants so we found the shop that
had the boots that we liked on display, then I looked around until a young male
assistant became free. As I started walking towards him 2 things happened.
Firstly someone else grabbed the young man, and secondly, a young girl asked me
if she could help me. After a quick think I thought 'what the hell' and told her
that I wanted to try on some lace-up knee high boots. I gave her my size and she
told me to take a seat. I picked a seat facing a wall and waited until she came
back with a pair. She gave me one boot and watched me struggle (deliberately) to
get it on, then start to lace it up.  It didn't take long for her to offer to
help me and she brought over a little low stool, sat on it and asked me to put
my left foot up beside her right leg.

As she was lacing up the boot I slowly let my knees part. At first she didn't
take any notice, but as she got further up towards my knee I caught her eyes
looking up my dress. I realised then that I was going to have some fun. I spread
my knees a bit more, and her expression told me that she had just seen my naked
pussy. She kept looking at it again and again. It took ages for her to finish
lacing the boot, and when she did, I got up and went through the routine of
walking about and looking at myself in a mirror. After that I asked her if I
could try on the other one. When she gave me it I said, "can you do it for me
please, I'm not very good with laces." She sat down on the stool in front of me
and lifted my right leg up and onto the stool.  Automatically, I moved my left
leg to the left giving her a good view. It was a good job that I was facing a
wall, and that the girl was effectively blocking the gap between me and the
wall.  If anyone had tried to get through the gap, they would have easily been
able to see everything that I've got.

When the girl finally finished I got up and walked over to the mirror. I wasn't
going to stop there, so I asked her if she had any different ones. She said,
"yes" and I sat down and started taking them off while she went for the
different ones. I hadn't got the first pair off before she came back with the
second pair. I deliberately kept my knees open while I finished taking the first
pair off. As I was finishing I kept glancing up at her and I could see that her
eyes were looking at my pussy. When I finished I gave them to her and she put
them back in the box before asking if I wanted help with the second pair as
well. Of course I did, that was the whole point of the exercise. What the girl
didn't know was that while she was in the store room I had moved my chair back a
bit so that I had to slide down the chair a bit to be able to get the right
position on the stool. This meant that more of my pussy was on show. 

After looking at the first boot in the mirror I asked her if she could help me
with the other one.  As she sat down in front of me again, she sat with her legs
open a bit. As the lacing got further towards my knee I caught a glimpse of her
knickers, white cotton ones. When she finished she moved both her arms to her
sides, and I got a good view of her knickers, and the wet spot in the expected
place. I could also see some dark pubic hairs sticking out of the sides. I gave
her a knowing smile as our eyes met when she stood up.

Needless to say I wasn't happy with the second pair and asked her if I could try
some others.  As I was taking the second pair off and she was in the storeroom
Jon walked passed me smiled and kept walking.

When the third pair arrived I had already got the second pair off and was
waiting for her. She sat down and lifted one of my feet up. As it went up my
knees parted and I watched her eyes go down to my pussy. As she moved her hands
to start lacing the boot up, her knees opened and I realised why she had taken
longer to get the third pair. She had taken her knickers off.  There were now 2
naked, wet pussies staring at each other. I could see her juices in her pubic
hair, and I could certainly feel mine. Talk about flashing the flasher, I was a
bit taken a-back and didn't know what to do. I just sat there and stared at her
pussy as she slowly laced up the boots and looked at my pussy. When they were
both fastened I got up and looked at them in the mirror. I couldn't make up my
mind which pair I liked most so I decided to not get any of them and I told the
girl as I took them off, being careful to keep my knees together. The girl
looked a bit disappointed as I left the store.  

Jon was waiting outside and he asked me if I'd had fun, and what was wrong with
the boots. I told him that I quite liked the second pair of boots, and he was
quite amused when I told him that the girl had started flashing me. Jon decided
that we would look at other shoe shops and if we didn't find any others then we
would go back to that shop. We looked round 3 more shoe shops before finding a
pair that we liked in another shop. Jon sent me in to try them on. This time I
got a male assistant, quite young, I guess that he was still at school or
college and only worked there on a weekend. I asked the lad to lace them up for
me then slowly opened my knees. His eyes opened wide when he realised what he
could see. The speed of the lacing slowed down dramatically and he went red in
the face. When he eventually finished the second boot and stood up I could see
that he was finding his trousers a little restrictive.

The boots were comfortable and I liked them so I told the lad that I would take
them, but I asked him to undo them and put them in a box for me. That seemed to
take forever, and I really enjoyed the feeling of his eyes burning my pussy.
When I stood up there was a little wet patch on the chair. I was glad that I had
pulled the back of my dress up so that I wasn't sitting on it.

We had a KFC on the way home and Jon sat me so that I was facing the serving
counter, with my knees about 6 inches apart, with no one between me and the
counter to restrict the staff's view. I'm sure that a couple of them noticed
because they kept looking over towards me.

Back home Jon spent the rest of the evening in his study and I never saw him
until next morning.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing November 23
As soon as I got out of bed I tied the weight to my clit with the nylon cord. I
wasn't looking forward to another week with it tugging at me, as the pain was
far greater than the pleasure that it gives me. When I initially tied it on the
warm sexual feelings were there, but by lunchtime my clit was swollen and
hurting. That night I pleaded with Jon to let me take it off and he finally
agreed to let me take it off on the Wednesday evening. All day Tuesday I tried
to keep as still as possible and spent most of the day making the leotard for
Jenny. I'd discussed the events of last Thursday with Jon and after having a
good laugh at the boy Jon had told me to make the crotch part of Jenny's leotard
even narrower than mine. He said that he was thinking of coming along to the
class himself. If he did turn up he told me to ignore him so that no one knows
who he is.

Wednesday - I had to go to Tescos and it was real painful doing all that
walking. Talk about a throbbing between your legs. Didn't see Bridie.

I was glad when Jon came home and he gave me permission to take the weight off.
We both had a good look at my clit, which was bright red. Definitely a lot
bigger, but would it be when the swelling went down?

Thursday - I arrived for aerobics 45 minutes early and the boy was waiting
outside the doors looking very sheepish. When Jenny arrived she let us in and we
went straight to the girls changing rooms. Jenny told the boy to strip off and
we did too. As the boy's trousers came down I saw his hard-on sticking out of
his undies and it looked quite good pointing to the ceiling when he was naked.
He tried to cover it with his hands, but Jenny told him to keep them by his
side. I gave Jenny her new leotard and we both put them on - without anything
underneath. Jenny looked good in hers and I could see a couple of pubic hairs
sticking out of the sides of her pussy, and her little triangle of hair were
clearly visible. Jenny said, "I'm going to have to be careful when I'm
stretching my legs, are you sure that you've made this one exactly the same as
yours?" I lied. My still swollen clit formed a little bulge in mine.

Jenny then went into her bag and got out a pair of little red, silky, bikini
style knickers and a short T-shirt, she gave them to the boy and told him to put
them on. After a minute or so of pleading to be let off, the boy finally put
them on. He did look a pillock with his dick straining to stay in the flimsy red
knickers. The T-shirt didn't even come down to his waist so it was very obvious
that they were girl's knickers that he was wearing.  Jenny said, "don't worry,
once you get into the workout your hard-on will soon go, now get into the gym
and get the mats out of the cupboard."

No sooner than he had left 2 of the women in the class came in, said, "hello"
and started getting changed. We left them to it and went to the gym. The boy's
erection had gone by the time we got there, which was probably a good thing for
him as there were 3 of the men in the class already there. They were looking at
him when we walked in, but their attention moved to us when they saw us. They
all came up to us and started chatting to us both. I could see all 3 sets of
eyes looking up and down our bodies. That alone was enough to start that
tingling feeling between my legs.

Jenny took charge of the situation and started the class straight away. The rest
joined in as and when they arrived. I did notice 2 new men who Jenny talked to
at the break. I had taken my usual place at the back, and had very little
attention given to me. However, Jenny couldn't say the same. Her leotard had
ridden up in between her pussy lips. Every time she moved around the gym there
was at least one pair of men's eyes following her.

After she had given the new men the course details, Jenny came over to me and
said, "I don't know if this leotard was a good idea, it's cutting me in half and
some of the men have noticed." "Isn't that what you wanted?" I asked. "Well yes,
but now that I'm doing it I'm not so sure" she said. "Don't think about it, just
do it" I replied.

The boy had stood sheepishly in a corner during the break.

We started the class again and that section was going to be more interesting. It
was mostly floor work, and the leg stretching would pull my leotard right into
my pussy. It was already getting damp with sweat, but I just knew that my juices
would start flowing as I watched the men watching me. Jenny usually demonstrated
each exercise before she asked us to do it, by facing us and then doing it. She
must have been very self-conscious to start off with, because each time she got
down onto the floor she turned and faced the wall. One or two people at that end
of lines would have been able to see the leotard tightly stretched over her
pussy, but not many. As the session went on she obviously didn't care as she
went back to facing us. Just before the end she bent over backwards and I got a
beautiful view of the damp lycra digging into her between both of her lips. I
looked over to the boy and saw that he was having a good look and he was
starting to get an erection that was pushing the red knickers out in front.

When it came to the crab position I deliberately took my time and waited until
the man in front of me got down. His upside down face was staring at me in
anticipation. I really went for it and stretched my legs as wide as I could
knowing that the lycra was bunched up inside my lips, but bulging where my still
swollen clit was pushing against it. By the time the session finished both
Jenny's and my leotards were nearly transparent with sweat and as the people
walked out I noticed at least 2 full erections bulging out in the men's shorts.

Jenny wasn't finished with the boy, and she told him to clear away the mats
while we decided what to do next. We waited until all the other people in the
class had got dressed and left before she went and locked the school's front
door. This left just the 3 of us in the whole building with no windows in the
gym that were below about 15 feet. When she came back, Jenny told the boy to
take the T-shirt and his trainers off, leaving him wearing just the red
knickers. She then announced that the boy was going to have an extra workout. If
he didn't do what she said, then she would go to the police. His fingerprints in
the store cupboard would prove that she was telling the truth. The lad said OK
and asked what he had to do. The first thing was to watch Jenny and me undress
each other and make love to each other on the gym floor. I later realised that
the idea behind that was (apart from the pleasure to Jenny and me) for the boy
to get a real hard-on and to keep it as he did various exercises.

Who was I to argue, it was what I wanted, and Jenny and me had a most enjoyable
10 minutes. The poor boy's dick was sticking out of the top of the little
knickers and when he went to play with it Jenny told him to stop. The boy then
had to run to the other end of the gym and back 5 times. Jenny decided that it
would be better if he removed the knickers and did it again.  It was funny
watching his dick and balls bounce up and down as he ran. It was even better
when he had to run on the spot. His dick was starting to go soft so Jenny had
him get in the crab position and then asked me to sit as close to his face as I
could. Needles to say that my legs were wide apart and that I was frigging
myself. It wasn't long before dick was pointing to the ceiling again. Twenty
press-ups followed, but it wasn't his chin that had to touch the floor then rise
up. Next Jenny had him walking on his hands for a few minutes. To finish with
Jenny had him lay spread-eagle in the floor. We both stood with a foot either
side of his body, back to back, and we lowered ourselves down to him. The idea
was for Jenny's pussy to be about 3 inches from his face, and mine to be so
close to his dick that he could feel my body heat, but not actually touch me. I
have to admit that it didn't quite go according to plan, and I let the tip of
his dick just go inside me. I wanted to impale myself on him but I didn't, I
knew that if Jon found out he would kill me. When his dick touched my pussy he
jerked quite a bit and I thought that he might cum, but he didn't. Jenny wanted
to be fair, and told me that she wanted to swap positions, so we did. As we went
down I let my clit just touch his nose. The boy jerked again, this time a lot
more violently, and we all collapsed in a pile. I sort of went over his head and
was just about sat on his face. When I turned round to look at Jenny she had
gone almost straight down and was impaled on him. She moaned and shouted "NO!"
and got up just as he shot his lot up in the air, just missing Jenny's pussy,
but getting the inside of her thigh. The rest of it landed on his chest and
stomach. I think that a little bit might just have landed on my back, but I
wasn't sure.

Jenny turned round to face him and said (aggressively) "That wasn't supposed to
happen. Now look at what you've done, you'll have to clean that lot up (pointing
to the inside of her thigh), with your tongue." (Her voice was calming down the
more she said). The boy hesitated and Jenny said, "or would you rather I called
the police. They won't believe you if you try to tell them what's been happening
here."  The lad had no choice. To start off with his face was a picture, I guess
that he'd not tasted his cum before and he didn't know what to expect. As his
tongue licked higher up Jenny thigh she opened her legs wider so that he could
get to the highest bit. His face was an inch from her pussy - again. I was
beginning feel left out but Jenny was thinking of me. When he stopped licking
she said, "You missed a bit that landed here (pointing to my pussy), get on you
back and when she squats down on you, lick it off."  "That's very considerate of
you" I said and lowered myself onto his face. It only took a couple of seconds
for me to have an orgasm, and I had trouble staying on my feet. After it
subsided I got up and smiled at Jenny who said to the boy "Right, don't let me
ever catch you spying on us again. Now put those knickers back on and then your
own clothes and get the hell out of here. If I ever see you again I will
telephone the police. Is that understood?" "Yes miss," he meekly said as he
pulled on the knickers. As he ran out of the gym Jenny and me looked at each
other and burst out laughing.

As we were picking up our leotards Jenny said, "There's a lot of equipment in
here, do you think that we could have some fun with some of it?"  "I'm sure we
could" I said, "let me think about it. By the way, did you want those knickers
back?"  "Not after he'd been covering them with his spunk" she said, "besides,
it will give him something to remind him of tonight."

We went and had an uneventful shower and headed for home. Jenny had promised to
go and meet some of her mates.

Friday - The previous night's exercises were taking their toll on my muscles and
it was the middle of the afternoon before they let me forget them.  

Saturday November 28
Didn't really get the chance to tell Jon about the Thursday night fun until the
Saturday morning over breakfast. He wasn't at all happy that I had let the boy's
dick touch my pussy, and made me get over his knee while he spanked me 100
times. I'm sure that his arm must have been aching by the time that he finished.
My butt was red and sore, but I had managed to avoid crying - just. By the time
I had got to "40 - thank you Master" I could feel his dick getting hard. By the
time "70 - Thank you Master" came my stomach was getting damp with his pre-cum.
In the nineties I noticed that he was slowing down, and that his hand was
staying on my hot butt for a second or two before the next stroke. When he
finished he quickly lifted me off him, put me over the kitchen table and rammed
himself into me. There was no resistance in my pussy as it had started getting
wet as soon as I felt his dick rising. The only problem was that I was laying on
top of some of the breakfast things, and they were digging into my stomach.

It wasn't long before he came and pulled out of me. I didn't cum but was close
to it, and I was a but frustrated when he stopped. I asked him if I could finish
myself off, but he wouldn't let me. Instead he went for a tape and measured the
length of my clit. It was slightly longer, but that was probably because of my
state of arousal at that time. I was glad that Jon decided that the stretching
exercise had been waste of time. The pain had been unpleasant.

After breakfast Jon had me ring Vicky to see if she wanted to go out somewhere
that night. Liz told me that Vicky was visiting her parents in London that
weekend.

Not a very exciting rest of the day, we went shopping for a new washing machine.
Jon had decided that the old one was 'well past its sell by date'. At least
there was the possibility of some fun when it was going to be delivered.

Sunday November 29
Sunday started in its usual way - reading the papers. After that Jon decided
that we would go for a ride to the coast. The thought sent a shiver down my
spine. Anywhere in England is cold at the end of November, but the coast would
be absolutely freezing. Jon let me put on my new knee length boots, stockings
and suspenders, leather skirt, a T-shirt and my coat. He let me do the driving
as he said that I needed the experience. It took us 3 hours to get there and as
soon as we did we went for a walk on the beach. God it was cold. After that we
went to a pub and had some food. There was a pool table in there and Jon
'challenged' me to a game. Jon put the money on the table and we waited for our
turn. There was a group of rough looking young men there and I didn't feel that
comfortable, especially when they came out with lots of rude comments as I bent
of the table to have my shot. Well I was giving them a great view of my ass
(pussy too probably), but it was the comments like "I'd love to get that over
the table" and "I know where I'd put my que and balls" that put me off. It
wasn't so much the words, they were a bit funny really, but it was the way that
they were said. I was glad when Jon said that we were leaving.

I drove again and we got home about 7 o'clock.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing November 30
Monday - went into town for a wander around the shops. Saw a few adverts for
shops looking for Christmas staff but when I told Jon about it he said no.

Wednesday - the new washing machine arrived in the afternoon and I put on my
cheesecloth dress to let the men in. It didn't take long for them to install it,
but I did take the opportunity of one of them lying on his back to connect some
pipes to go and stand right next to him.  When he looked up at me he must have
seen right up my dress as he suddenly stopped telling me what he was doing and
went all quiet. His mate had to get something so I had to move out of his way.

Thursday - was aerobics evening and I went early again. Jenny and me both wore
our white leotards and we had the same stares from the men. Jenny was a little
more confidant and didn't turn away when she bent down. The front row had a good
view. When it came to the floor work I got all wet looking at the bulge on the
man in front of me as he watched my leotard disappear into my pussy. At the end
of the evening Jenny was in a hurry - again, but she did find time to give me a
long kiss and a quick grope. 

Friday - went to Tescos but didn't see Bridie. Made up for feeling a bit bored
by bending down in front of a young male shelf stacker. He dropped a box of
biscuits when he realised what he was looking at. Muscles ached from the
previous night's exercises.

Saturday December 5
Quite a boring weekend really, Jon dragged me round the shops looking for
something for his PC. Nothing of any interest happened all day.

Sunday December 6
Sunday was just about as boring except that we went to the gym. Jon had me wear
my leotard, but with my white lycra shorts on underneath. He said that he didn't
thing the Hotel was ready for my butt being openly displayed in the gym.
Swimming pool, sauna and steam rooms yes, but not the gym. To get to the gym we
have to walk through the Leisure Centre's reception area and there are often
lots of guests there. Because of all the clothes that I was wearing, there were
no pleasurable incidents in the gym, but Jon did keep us there for over an hour.
I was knackered by the time that we went for a swim. Jon didn't tell me what to
wear for the pool so I took the shorts off and just wore the leotard. I've never
seen anyone in the pool with a T-back costume, but I thought that there has to
be a first for everything. I walked out of the changing room with a towel round
my waist, and when Jon saw me he said, "Taken the shorts off have you?" He knows
me too well.  We swam for about 10 minutes before getting into the Jacuzzi. No
one had noticed me as I got into the pool, but an elderly couple did when I got
out and into the Jacuzzi. The man was smiling, but the look on the woman's face
told me that she wasn't happy. We ignored her and carried on.

It was great lying there in those warm bubbles; I nearly went to sleep. No one
came and joined us and after quite a while we went back into the pool to cool
off. The pool was just about empty, and when we got out and went to the sauna,
it also was empty. Jon decided that we would strip off and lay there for a
while. Jon lay across the end, and I lay along the side with my head near him.
After about 10 minutes a teenage boy came in and the only place he could sit was
at my feet. My feet were about a foot apart, and I knew that Jon wouldn't want
me to pull my legs together so I left them where they were. The boy sat as
sideways as he could and was looking directly down at my pussy. After about 5
minutes, the knowing that my pussy was being looked at, especially by a
reasonable handsome young man, my pussy lips were  swelling and my juices
flowing. My pussy was starting to itch, and I tried to resist scratching it for
as long as I could, but I just had to scratch it. My hand went down and the palm
rested on my bare pubes while my index finger scratched the inside of one lip.
This caused both lips to part and my clit become even more obvious.

The lad was concentrating on my pussy so much that he didn't see me looking at
him and his rapidly bulging costume that was quite brief for a young mans today.
The majority of them wear big baggy shorts, and that don't do anything for me, I
like to see men in very brief swimming trunks so that you can see the shape of
their dicks. This lads costume was brief, and his large erection was starting to
peak out of the top of his costume. His dick looked massive, bigger than Jon's.
When I had finished scratching I couldn't resist giving my clit a quick flick as
I brought my hand away from it. The lad's eyes opened wider and he looked up at
my face.  Our eyes met, so I smiled at him and licked my lips. I guess that he
couldn't cope with a girl being so obvious as he looked down at the floor and a
couple of minutes later he left. As he got off the bench his still hard dick
burst out of the top of his costume and the top inch was visible as he walked
out. I looked at Jon who was smiling, and then settled down for more relaxation.

No one else came in, and after a while Jon told us that we were leaving. Just as
we walked out of the sauna a male member of staff walked into the area. His face
was a picture, he obviously wasn't expecting to see a naked woman, and the
pleasurable surprise on his face was obvious.  On the way out he was behind the
counter and I handed my towel to him. He was very polite, and with a smile on
his face, he said, "please come again, soon."

The rest of the day was quiet and boring.  




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing December 7
The only interesting thing that happened was when I went to aerobics. Jon
decided to drop me off, instead of me taking the car, and I didn't get there
until a couple of minutes before Jenny got started. I was pleased to see that
Jenny was wearing her leotard as I was wearing mine.  Just after we had started
I heard the door open and someone come in. When I looked over to see who the
person was, I got a bit of a shock. It was Jon, wearing a very baggy pair of
running shorts and a T-shirt. I was thinking of what to say to him at the break,
but remembered that he had told me that if he turned-up, then I was to ignore
him.

At the break Jenny went over to him and another man and was probably explaining
details of the course to them. After that she came over to me and said, "hi." We
had a little chat and I asked if she'd seen anything of the voyeuristic boy.
"Thankfully no" she said, and went to get the class started again. As usual, she
spent some of the time walking around telling people what they were doing wrong,
or right. She seemed to be spending quite a bit of time in front of Jon, and I
wondered why.

The same man was in front of me and having a good look at my pussy as my leotard
had disappeared inside my lips - again, and I was definitely wet as I was
dreaming-up things that Jon might be up to. At the end of the session Jenny came
up to me and said, "you'll never guess what that new man has been up to." Well I
could, but I wasn't going to let on. "No, tell me" I said. "His dick was hanging
out of his shorts and as the session went on it got harder and harder. In the
end it was rock hard and I could see every bit of it." "Disgusting!" I said,
"watch out, he's coming over."

Everyone else had gone off to get changed by then, just leaving Jon, Jenny and
me in there. As Jon walked up to us I could see his dick, outside his shorts,
pointing to the ceiling. Before Jenny could say something Jon say "Can I help
you to put the mats away?" "Err yes please, they go in that cupboard over there
(pointing to a door)." Jenny said, then looked at me as if to say 'I don't
believe this!' I said, "let's stay and watch this." Jenny didn't move so we just
stood there and watched as Jon collected and then put the mats away. He still
had his erection (outside his shorts) as he walked over to the door, opened it
and said, "after you ladies." We walked out without saying a word, and walked
into the girls changing rooms. By then everyone else had gone, and it was a good
job because Jon followed us in. When Jenny looked at him he just said, "Just
carry on, don't let me stop you" and he proceeded to take his clothes off and
get into the shower.

Jenny looked a little hesitant so I stripped off and walked to the shower saying
"come on Jenny, don't be shy." Jenny slowly stripped off and came to join us.
Jon and me were soaping ourselves and still pretending to not know each other as
Jenny turned-on another shower. Jon must have been waiting for that to happen as
he turned to me and said, ""will you suck that for me (pointing to his dick)." I
didn't say anything, but bent my knees and took his full length into my mouth.
Jenny's face was priceless, she must have been thinking that I was a right
tramp. Jon didn't cum, and after a minute he pulled out and said, "turn round
and bend over," so I did. As he rammed his dick into me I put my hands on
Jenny's hips and started licking the front of her pussy. She said, "I don't
believe this," but she still responded by opening her legs and letting my tongue
get into her hole.

As her (and mine) orgasm built, one of Jon's hands reached out and held her left
breast. The other hand reached under me and started massaging my left nipple. It
didn't take long for all three of us to cum, and when I stood up I said, "Jenny,
meet my Master, Jon. Jon this is Jenny."  "I thought it must be" Jon said,
"Vanessa has told me all about what you two have been up to." Jenny blushed a
bit and was just going to say something when Jon said, "Vanessa has been a
little too forward, and needs to be punished, would you mind if we used your gym
please?" "Err yes" Jenny replied. Jon then told me to go into the gym and wait
for me. He went into the boys changing room for something while Jenny said that
she had better go and lock the school doors, and off she went - grabbing a towel
as she went.

As I waited for him in the gym I was wondering what Jon had gone for, and what
he was going to do for me. I didn't have to wait long. As soon as he walked in I
saw the cane in his hand and knew what was going to happen. I didn't have long
to think about it as he immediately told me to run from one end of the gym to
the other and back. I was totally naked and my little breasts bounced as much as
they could. I was on my third length when Jenny came back in and stood next to
Jon who said something to her. After 5 lengths I had to stop and spend 5 minutes
running on the spot in front of them. I don't know what Jon said to Jenny, but
she sat on the floor and watched me. Next I had to put my arms high in the air
and then jump into a spread-eagle position, then back. This workout was worse
that Jenny's. After that it was press-ups. I couldn't manage many of them and
was really sweating by then.  After that it was standing on my hands and leaning
my feet against the wall. Then came lying on my back and pushing my legs and
body up so that I was on my shoulders and elbows. In that position I had to
spread my legs as much as I could and hold it until I collapsed. As I was like
that and getting a bit of a breather I saw that Jon was starting to get a
hard-on again.

After that I had to get in the 'crab' position and walk over towards Jenny and
get my open pussy as close to her as I could. At last Jon told me to stand up,
after a couple of seconds I had to part my feet about 18 inches and then bend
over and touch my feet without bending my knees. I just knew what was next, as I
looked back at Jon through my legs I saw him pick-up the cane and come over to
me. I closed my eyes and waited.

The first one landed as a bit of a surprise (don't know why). "Ow! One - thank
you Master" I said. After "Ten - than you Master," I was getting very wet and
close to crying. I looked as Jenny, who was mesmerised, but not that far-gone to
not be able to frig herself. Her right hand was moving rapidly. After "Fifteen -
than you Master," I was crying - a lot. Jon stopped and looked at me for a
minute, then moved a bit then number 16 landed. They were now landing on one
cheek and bending round and hitting my pussy lips. Numbers 18, 19 and 20 found
my clit. The pain was terrible, but at the same time my pussy was throbbing (and
not just from the pain). My juices had run right down to my knees. Jon stopped
after "Twenty - thank you Master." He told me to stand up straight and pull
myself together. As I stood there sobbing Jenny got up and came over to me. She
asked me if I was alright, and gave me her towel to wipe my face. Jon went off
to get changed and when I had stopped crying Jenny said, "Are you sure that
you're alright?" and "Why do you put up with it?"  As we walked back to the
changing room I told her that I was happy with Jon, I needed Jon, and (pointing
to my juices running down my legs) would I do it if I wasn't getting pleasure
out of it? Jenny had no answers and she helped me have another shower and then
put my dress on. She kept telling me about all the red weals on my backside. I
said, "look at the ones on my pussy." She did and said, "Wow!"

Jon was waiting for us when we got to the schools doors. He asked Jenny to come
for a drink with us, but she declined. We went home with my trying to keep my
backside off the car seat.  

Friday - was quiet apart from when the papergirl came. When I turned round to go
and get the money I heard her gasp and say "what happened to you?" I just said,
"I was a bad girl at school and my teacher punished me."  "What!" she said, but
I didn't answer.

Saturday December 12
Jon woke me up at 4 o'clock in the morning. When I finally came round he told me
to pack a bag as we were going on holiday. It was my birthday on the Tuesday and
Jon had decided to 'treat his little slave'. At 8'oclock we were getting on a
plane to Tenerife. When we got there it was great to feel the heat as the plane
door opened. Walking across the tarmac I had trouble with my dress blowing up.
Jon told me that Tenerife was a quite a windy island, particularly in the
winter. I said that I could get used to winters like that. The coach took us to
Playa de las Americas and a Hotel called Columbus. We had a room that
over-looking the swimming pool.  The weather wasn't as good as Ibiza had been,
but it was still a hell of a lot warmer than England, and we stripped off and
sat on the balcony. I'd seen one woman topless by the pool so I wasn't worried
when Jon told me to take my dress off. When I was sat on a chair on the balcony
people walking beside the pool would have trouble telling if I was topless,
never mind bottomless.

After about 30 minutes soaking up the sun Jon decided that he was hungry and
told me to put on a short wrap-round skirt and crop top, while he just put on
his baggy short running shorts and we went looking for a restaurant. As we were
walking down the street I realised that a lot of people were going to see the
lower half of my naked body that week, the wind was bad. We found a cafe� down
the street and had a good meal. After that we decided to go for a walk to see
what was there. Every time that we came to a corner I was expecting my skirt to
fly up. It did quite a few times and I got a few wolf-whistles. Jon was enjoying
it, and so was I in a way, Jon told me that the only time that I could hold my
skirt down was if there was a policeman looking. The Spanish police can (he
said) be a funny lot and lock you up for a very trivial reason. He said that he
had often seen them treat holidaymakers very badly.

We found a shopping mall that wasn't that big, and Jon said that we'd go back
later. There were dozens of tourist type shops that Jon said we would avoid. We
also found a sex shop, but it was closed. We wandered back to the apartment and
got there as it was getting dark. Jon went to the bar, but told me to go and put
on (in) my Ben Wa balls and come back to the bar.  When I got back he was
chatting to a couple of girls that were about my age, or maybe a little younger.
Jon introduced them (Emma and Chloe) to me. They were on their second week there
and they told us about the main drinking area at the other end of town. Jon
asked about beaches and they said that there was one up by the lively part of
town, but not many more around that part of the island. Jon asked if they knew
of and naturist beaches and after couple of seconds silence, Emma said that she
had heard someone talking about a little beach a mile or so up the coast, but
she said that she didn't know exactly where it was as they hadn't been.  Jon
said that we would be looking for it and asked them if they would like to come.
Emma said that we didn't look like naturists, and Jon laughed and said, "what
does a naturist look like?" That stumped them a bit and they had to admit that
neither of them had thought about it.  Emma looked at Chloe and said, "what do
you think, shall we go with them?" Chloe replied, "let's think about it."

Jon told then that we were both naturists, and told me to stand up and prove it.
Without hesitation I stood up and lifted the front of my skirt up and showed
them my knickerless, bald pussy. I just stood there until Jon said, "OK Vanessa,
you can sit down now." Emma said that that didn't prove anything as she often
went out in a short skirt and no knickers. Jon said that I ALWAYS went without
knickers. We then had a conversation about how I kept my pubes so smooth and not
itchy. Both girls were interested in the machine that I have, especially as I
told them that I no longer needed it because the hair wasn't growing back. A
waiter came by just then and Jon ordered us all some more drinks then asked them
where they were going that night. When Chloe said that they had intended either
staying there or just going to one of the local bars, Jon asked if they would
like to join us for the evening.

We never got further than the apartment bar that night and we ended up getting
quite drunk. I have vague memories of being sprawled out on a big sofa and Emma
asking me what it had been like removing my pubic hair, one by one. but not much
else, I do know that Jon fucked me that night because I woke up next morning
with a sore and very sloppy pussy.   

Sunday December 13
Woke up with one hell of a bad head. Jon had one as well, but no where near as
bad as mine.  We didn't have any breakfast and spent the first half of the
morning drinking water on the balcony. About lunchtime Jon told me to put just
my bikini skirt, over-sized bikini top and shoes on and go and get us some food.
I walked to a supermarket just down the road and had some fun squatting down to
get something from the bottom shelf when people were walking by, and bending
over in front of man on the checkout. Each time someone gave me a filthy look or
a smile I just smiled back at them. On the way back one man turned round and
followed me after the front of my skirt blew up as he was walking towards me. I
guess that he was hoping for a rear view as well, so just before the Hotel
entrance I bent over to 'adjust' my shoe. He must have had a great view of my
ass and pussy.

After breakfast / lunch we went and hired a little jeep and Jon took me to a
little village about 3 miles up the coast. There was only a cafe and the odd
shop there, but Jon wasn't interested in them. We walked out of the village up a
hill and onto the coast path. At the top of the hill Jon told me to strip off
and we walked a couple of hundred yards to where the path went down into a
little valley. There was a minute little beach in the bottom, and a number of
little ramshackle homes made of rocks and anything else that had washed-up.
There were a few people around them who Jon said were dropouts. As we walked
down I saw that they were all scruffy and thin, I guess that Jon was right. No
one took any notice of us and we walked up the other side of the valley. In the
next valley there was a beach about 100 yards long with some 'white' sand
(unlike the 'black' sand in Playa de las Americas). There were only about a
dozen or so people on them, all naked.

Jon decided where we were going to settle, and we lay on our towels for about an
hour. I dozed off, and when I woke up a youngish couple were just above us with
a baby that looked no more than a couple of weeks old. The couple were naked as
well, and the woman was laid with her legs open. When I looked up towards her I
could see that her pussy lips were open, and so was her hole, about an inch. I
could see right into her. About an hour later the man pitched a tent a little
way up the hill, and they went and moved into it.

The waves started getting bigger and bigger, and Jon decided that getting them
crashing over us would really wake us up. So, in we went, slowly at first, then
right into them. It was really cold and the waves were pushing us all over the
place. We came out for a rest and I noticed that Jon had got a hard-on. He said
that it was the waves pounding down on him that caused it. As we sat there 2 men
and 3 women dropouts came over the hill and down onto the beach.  They stripped
off (which didn't take more than a couple of seconds as non of them had more
than 1 article of clothing on), and into the waves they went. As we watched I
noticed that the 2 men also got a hard-on. We went back in, and it wasn't long
before I was watching 3 men with rampant erections getting bounced about by the
waves.

The 3 women dropouts seemed to be amused by it as well, as they were having a
bit of a giggle. Jon saw what was going on, came over to me and grabbed my solid
nipples and said, "It's getting you as well." Before I had time to answer he
picked me up pushed his dick between my legs. He said, "Put your legs round me,"
and gave me a long French kiss during which time his dick pushed its way into
me. There we were, having sex stood on a public beach and no one batted an
eyelid. Jon walked to the water's edge and we collapsed with him on top, and
still inside me. I looked up and down the beach and saw that all the drop-outs
were in a heap having some sort of orgy, and that another couple were at it as
well. It felt good having sex out in the open like that, and even better when
Jon rolled us over so that I was on top. I got onto my knees and rode him as
fast as I could. I had just had my second orgasm when Jon came, holding me still
as he jerked the final drops out of him and into me.  

After that we went back into the water and washed all the sand off us before Jon
decided that he wanted me to give him a blowjob. He lay on his towel and told me
to get down on my knees and bend over him. He said that I had to make sure that
my open pussy was visible to anyone who looked down the beach. While I was doing
that a young couple walked along the beach.  They stopped and watched us for a
minute or so before moving on. When Jon came I swallowed all his cum, then
licked him clean before we settled down and enjoyed the sun.  When it came time
to leave we both walked naked, back to the top of the hill before the village. A
German couple seemed a little surprised as we met coming over the top of a
ridge. I bet that they got more of a surprise when they got to the beach.

We covered-up before walking down into the village and we had a drink and ice
cream at the cafe right on the sea front. It was windy down there, and it wasn't
long before my little skirt had blown over and the waiter and other customers
could see everything.

Back at the Hotel we bumped into Emma and Chloe in the bar. They said that they
were going out with some blokes that they'd met, that night. Emma gave me my Ben
Wa balls back and said that they were good. I asked her how she got them, but
all she would say was that I gave them to her the previous night. I can't
remember a thing about it, it must have been when we were in the bar, but that's
all I know. Jon wouldn't tell me anything either.

That night we went into the 'lively' part of town for a drink and some food. Jon
told me that I wouldn't have to worry about my dress blowing up. What he didn't
tell me until just before we went out was that I had to wear my lacy dress, the
one with thousands of holes that looks quite normal until you get close-up when
you realise that you can see everything through it.  Well, it was dark outside.
Jon said that we weren't going to drink much that night so we took the car. We
walked the last bit and soon found ourselves in this noisy area with someone
outside each bar trying to talk us into going in. We went into one on the street
side that that had a TV playing a Chubby Brown video. Jon had heard his voice
and said, "we're going in there."  We spent the next hour laughing at some
brilliant but filthy jokes; it was great.

From there we went into a rather bright McDonalds and had a burger. One or two
people (men) looked at me, but there again there were a few other young girls
wearing very little as well. It was the girls who were not with men that got
most of the attention. All in all we had a pleasant evening with nothing special
happening.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing December 14
Monday - My Birthday. Jon got me up early and we both went to the supermarket. I
had to wear just a sarong that didn't cover much even before I started bending
down or the wind started. Jon wore just a T-shirt that was a bit baggy, and once
or twice I managed to see the end of his dick peaking out. In the supermarket we
decided to have a bit of fun with this middle-aged couple who looked a bit
stuffy. We got ourselves about 10 feet ahead of them then we both bent over so
that both our asses were on show to them. The man kept a straight face and
ignored us, but the woman looked a bit flustered and said, "well really!" as
they walked passed us. We just looked at each other and laughed. 

After breakfast we drove up the coast and found a deserted beach. It wasn't very
big, but it did have a few sun-beds on it. We took 2 of them and soaked up the
sun for a while before Jon decided that he was going for a walk - naked. I lay
there naked day dreaming and quite unconsciously opened my legs and started
masturbating. After I had cum I fell asleep with my feet either side of the
sun-bed. I started dreaming and can still remember what I was dreaming about. I
was a slave in a jail in some Arabian city. There were other girls there all
naked like me. One by one the girls were taken out. When it came to my turn I
was dragged out into some open-air room where I was tied to a big post on top of
a big step. I was being auctioned off and the auctioneer was inviting people to
come up and 'check me out'. I was being groped and prodded all over, and I was
eventually sold to a man who tied my hands to the back of his horse and led me
through the streets, naked to his home.  

When we got there he thrashed my backside until it hurt, then made me masturbate
in front of his whole household. There were about a dozen people watching me and
talking about me. A woman was describing my shaved pubes and little cock, but I
couldn't see her. It was then that I slowly woke up and realised that the woman
was real. She was with a man on the beach a few feet in front of me, and they
were talking about me. They obviously though that I was still asleep as I
watched them through my sunglasses - good invention for people wanting to see
but not be seen to be looking.

They were naked and hadn't realised that I was awake. As I looked at them they
got the urge and they fucked each other doggy style, right in front of me. I
couldn't help myself, my right hand continued what it started before. I was
still quietly playing with myself when they finished, stood up and walked away.
As they went I heard the man say "hell of a dream she's having." I watched them
walk down the beach and saw Jon walking back towards them and me. When he got to
me he told me to finish myself off and he told me that he had watched it all. He
sat on the end of the sun-bed and watched as I thought about my Arabian slave
Master and brought myself to another orgasm.

About an hour later Jon decided that we were going shopping and we drove back to
Playa de las Americas. We went to the shopping mall that we found on the first
day and wandered around. We found a shop that sold dresses and managed to find a
few that Jon liked. The young Spanish girl got a bit flustered when I took the
sarong off in the middle of the shop and tried the dresses on. She kept trying
to say something about 'someone might come in', but Jon just kept saying, "don't
worry." Someone did come in, one of her mates. They stood there speaking Spanish
at a hell of a rate. They kept looking over to us and pointing, but we ignored
them. We eventually found one that Jon liked, it was very thin and silky, and
only just covered my butt. I reckoned that if I bent over even the slightest bit
then anyone behind me would be able to see my butt. It had spaghetti straps and
the front over my breasts was 'different'. It was baggy and the way it hung on
me even I could see my nipples. Anyone looking straight at me from the front
wouldn't have been able to see my breasts, but if they were close enough to look
down at me then they would see what I could see. From below my breasts it wasn't
tight, but it wasn't loose. After Jon paid we left, found a cafe and had a late
lunch. Nothing exciting there, and we went back to the Hotel. Jon told me to
have a rest as it was going to be a long night.

When we went out I wore my new dress and the remote vibe. To get to the
night-club we took a taxi, and I'm sure that the driver got a got view as I bent
over to get in. As we moved off he switched the interior light on, and adjusted
his mirror and I suspected that it was so that he could have a look at my legs.
I thought that I would tease him a bit so I slowly opened my knees. Because they
were up a bit, I think that he would have had a good view of my pussy.  Not sure
if Jon noticed or not, he didn't react.

The club was big; it had lots of rooms and one big dance floor where the ceiling
was about 30 feet above us. There were 3 cages hanging from the ceiling and I
asked Jon what they were for. He said that it was for people who wanted to get
high on their dancing. I wasn't sure what he meant and didn't say anything.

We went to the restaurant and had a fantastic meal. It must have cost Jon lots
of money. We even had a big bottle of champagne. French not the cheap Spanish
stuff. Jon had told me to pull my dress up as we sat down to eat, to make sure
that I didn't leave a wet patch on the back of it. He wouldn't let me use a
serviette so each time the waiter came to serve me he could see my bare pubes,
and down the front of my dress. I had nearly forgotten about the vibe until Jon
switched it on while the waiter was serving the main course. It startled me a
bit and I let out a bit of a gasp. The waiter ignored me. Jon left it on just
long enough for me to start getting worked up, and then switched it off.

When the waiter came to serve my dessert we had been waiting a while (I think
the champagne helped as well), and I had started to relax and lay back against
the back of the chair. I never thought about what the waiter would see, and he
gave a slight gasp as he saw me naked from my hips down. I smiled and sat up
straight, but the waiter just carried on as if nothing had happened. While I was
eating my sweat Jon gave the vibe a quick burst "just to keep you topped up" he
said.

From the restaurant we went for a wander round and discovered that some of the
little rooms had their own little dance floors and different music. The rooms
seemed to have themes according to the type of music that they were playing. We
went to the main dance floor that was getting quite busy by then and danced for
about half an hour before finding one of the bars. It was circular and sunk low
in the floor so that the counter was half way between my knees and pussy. There
were only 3 girls behind the bar, but I bet the male members of staff wanted to
work there so that they could see up the skirts of the female customers. I'm
sure that if any of them looked at me they would have seen my naked pussy, but
there again I bet they've seen so many naked pussies staring down at them that
they just don't bother any more.

As we stood there drinking, Jon switched the vibe on again and left it on until
I was so close to cumming that I was looking forward to my first orgasm of the
night. However, Jon being Jon, knew exactly when to stop it and I was left
frustrated. He must have seen the disappointment on my face because he said,
"later V, later." As Jon was ordering another drink one of girls behind the bar
decided that she needed to go somewhere because she started to climb onto the
bar to get over it. In doing so her little short skirt lifted up to reveal a
naked, trimmed pussy. I looked at Jon and said, "did you see that!" "Yes" he
replied, "nice, but not as nice as yours."  A nice 'loved' feeling came over me
for a second. When the girl came back she did it again, but this time we got a
great view of her small backside. I could just see her dark lips for a second.

I finished my drink before Jon and asked if we could go dancing again. Jon said
that he wasn't, but that I could, but that I had to wait until some one got off
one of the pillars and then dance on there. There were about 6 of these pillars
spread around the edge of the dance floor. They were about 5 feet off the ground
and wide enough for only one person dancing on them at a time. To get onto them
there was 3 large concrete steps that people were sitting on. A few minutes
later 2 of the pillars became vacant. I headed for the nearest one and climbed
on.  Even getting up the steps must have given the people sat on them a great
view of my ass.  When I got onto the pillar itself I realised that if anyone
either sat ion the steps, or stood on the floor cared to look up they would have
easily been able to see what I wasn't wearing.

The music started, and I started dancing. A little bit later the vibe started
and my dancing rhythm changed, I looked down to see Jon looking up at me. I
turned to face him and I could see him playing with the remote control.  He
started pointing to my legs and then opening his arms, to tell me to open my
legs, so I did, about a foot. I knew that he was looking straight at my pussy,
and so were the 3 or 4 young men that were stood near Jon. I didn't care; in
fact I was enjoying it. Jon brought me so close to the edge so many times that I
was getting almost desperate to cum. I was staring down at the young men. And
tried to read their lips. They were obviously talking about me and I'm sure that
one of them was pointing to my juices that were running down the insides of my
legs.   

Jon obviously didn't want me to cum, but it he kept up the same 'on and off time
periods' then it wasn't going to be long before he had no more say in the
matter. After another couple of on and off sessions it happened. I stopped
dancing and my body just shook. It was one of the most intense orgasms that I
have ever had. It lasted for ages. 

After that I decided that I needed to get down and have a drink, so, being the
girl that I am, I sat down on the edge of the pillar with my knees about a foot
apart with my legs straight out, and said, "can someone help me down please?"
These 4 young men all moved forward, but one of them managed to get in between
my legs. His face was right in front of my pussy. He wasn't going to rush to do
anything, so I said, "come on then, help me down." He was strong, his arms came
out and up behind my dangling legs and round my waist. This meant that as he
pulled me forward, my legs went over his shoulders. As he pulled me forward his
face went right into my pussy. He stepped back and then lowered me down to the
floor, but it was my head that was going down. My knees were over his shoulders
and I was rapidly getting upside down with my dress rushing down to meet my
face. Luckily, the pressure of him holding me upside down against himself,
stopped it from going all the way, and my body was only exposed down (or should
I say up) to just below my breasts.

The young man held me there and turned to his mates who cheered, moved towards
me and started groping me. One had just managed to get a finger in me when Jon
stepped forward, pushed his way in and lifted me up saying "Thank you gentlemen,
I'll take my wife from there."  As Jon lowered me down my dress fell back into
place and the young men walked away. They didn't look happy that Jon had spoilt
their fun, and in a way I was disappointed as well.

We went to a different bar and had another drink. I was getting a bit drunk by
then, and I think that Jon was as well. About 2 drinks and a smooch later (where
Jon had his hands on my bum (under my dress) while I gave him a long French
kiss), the DJ announced that the cages were being lowered, and that if anyone
wanted to dance in them then they were to go to see him. Jon told me to go, and
when I found the DJ there was another girl wanting to have a go.  The DJ said
OK, and told us which cage to go to. There was a man there when I got there, and
he opened the door for me, then locked me in.

As I was waiting for the cage to go up, some drunks started saying silly things
like "look at the monkey," "where's your banana" and "monkeys don't wear
clothes." That seemed to give them the excuse to reach in and try to pull my
dress up. Unfortunately, with the cage only being about 3 feet square, there
wasn't anywhere that I could go, and my dress was up round my waist when the
cage started going up. You can imaging the comments from the drunks when they
saw that I didn't have any knickers on. In a way I was enjoying them seeing me
like that, but I wasn't keen on the fact that they were drunk and all trying to
grope me. Jon was watching, but I knew that he wouldn't interfere, as there was
no chance of me coming to any harm.

The cage only went up about 8 feet above the ground, just high enough so that
people on the dance floor couldn't reach it. When I looked round I could see the
other 2 cages, both had girls in them and both were dancing. One of the girls
looked as if she was only wearing a bikini, and the other had a mini skirt and
bikini bra on. I started dancing and had just got into the swing of it when my
pussy suddenly jerked. Jon had switched vibe on again. He was playing the same
game as last time - on for a couple of minutes, then off for a couple of
minutes. I looked down to see where he was, but couldn't see him. After about 5
minutes strobe and spotlights came on and were moving all over the place. Then 3
fixed spotlights came and light up the 3 cages. Shortly after that 3 (probably -
I couldn't see the other 2) more light came on, they were sunk into the floor
and were directly below the cages.

Yes, light was flooding right up my body from below, which meant that anyone
stood below could look up and see what I wasn't wearing; and more to the point,
the juices that were running down the inside of my legs. Jon had as usual been
keeping me right on the edge of an orgasm which meant that my juices were really
flowing. If Jon kept it up for much longer then they would be dripping down onto
the people below. Because of the bright lights I couldn't see who was below me,
or if they were looking up at me. But that wasn't at the front of my mind, it
was the orgasm that was building in me. The excitement of knowing that hundreds
of people could be watching me and even looking at my naked pussy as I slowly
danced and was getting extremely close to cumming only made it worse (or should
I say better).

When I finally came I stopped dancing and just shook. I think that I screamed,
but no one would have been able to hear me anyway. Jon must have been watching
and realised that I had cum because the rhythm of the vibe going on and off
changed. Jon left it on and brought me to a second climax before he switched it
off. It didn't come back on, and I slowly came down from my sexual 'high', then
started dancing again. Not only were my pussy juices dripping off me, but sweat
must have been as well. I could certainly feel it running down my body, and my
dress was sticking to me in places as well.  

After about another 10 minutes up there I was beginning to think that I was
stuck in that cage forever, I was tired and thirsty. Looking over to the other 2
cages I saw that one of the girls had stopped dancing and was sitting on the
bottom of the cage, so I did too. There wasn't enough space to put my legs out
in front of me so I had to bring my knees up. The bars on the bottom of the cage
were about six inches apart and my backside was resting evenly over 2 of the
bars. This meant that my pussy was being pulled slightly apart in between the
bars. It must have been quite a sight for anyone below, but I didn't care, in
fact when I realised, a little tingle went through my stomach and I felt a
little more juice flow.

I don't know how long after I sat down that the cage was lowered, the next thing
that I remember is a man with a big grin on his face leaning through the open
door and pulling me up by my hand. I think that he said something to me as he
pulled me up and out, but I can't remember what. Jon grabbed me as I started
walking away from the cage and took me to a corner of the room to sit down and
recover. He brought me a long cool drink that disappeared down my throat very
quickly. Just as I was starting to get a bit of life back into me Jon decided
that he wanted to have me there and then so I had to sit on his lap with my back
to him and one leg either side of his while he fucked me. I'm sure that some of
the people near by knew what we were doing, but nobody seemed to care. I didn't
cum again, but I remember that lovely feeling of his jism shooting into me. He
lifted me off him straight away, and he held the back of my dress up as I sat
down on the cushion next to him. As I watched him put his dick away I thought
about the sticky white stains that would be on the cushion when the cleaners
came round next day.

Shortly after that we left and got a taxi back to the apartment. The driver
didn't look at us as he drove us back. If he had, he would have seen that my
dress hem was on my stomach and pussy open to catch the cool air of the night.     

Tuesday - It was late morning when I woke up. Jon was already up and had been to
get us some breakfast. He'd only worn a T-shirt to the supermarket and he told
me that he had accidentally flashed the girl on the checkout when he'd picked-up
all the items that he'd bought. Two of them had trapped his T-shirt and pulled
it up when he'd lifted them up.  Apparently the girl had gasped and blushed when
she'd seen his dick and that it was then that he'd realised what had happened.
He said that he'd just apologised and left leaving the girl watching him walk
away.

It was a bright sunny day and as we eat breakfast on the balcony (hadn't seen
anyone in the rooms on either side of us since we got there); Jon told me that
we were going to go to a Hotel just outside Playa de las Americas. I put on just
a short wrap-round skirt and crop top and we set off. Just as we walked out of
reception the wind caught my skirt and a group of people who were just arriving
got any eyeful. I wasn't really looking forward to spending the day in some
Hotel or other, but if that was what Jon wanted, then ......

The Hotel Fanabe looked just like any other Hotel even when we walked around the
place. It was when Jon took me into the lift and it arrived on the Hotel roof
that I understood why Jon took me there. There was swimming pool and sun-beds on
the roof, and it was clothing optional. There were already about a dozen people
there, and all but one was naked. Half of them were old and wrinkly, but there
was a young couple with some young kids and a group of 4 young German sounding
people, 3 girls and one youth.

We got a couple of sun-beds, put some sun tan lotion on, settled down with our
books and had a very lazy pleasurable day. We went for a swim in the pool a
couple of times and it was great not having to worry whether on not I was
hanging out of a costume. Yes. OK I do get sexual excitement of letting people
see my interesting bits in places that they don't expect it, but it's good to be
able to be completely naked and relaxed in public at times. It's good being
naked at home, but it isn't the same as laying out in the sun by a swimming
pool, and being waited on hand and foot. So natural and relaxing.

It was early evening when we headed back to our Hotel. We got showered and took
the car to the middle of Playa de las Americas. Jon was just wearing a big
T-shirt and I had to wear my bikini skirt and a baggy crop top. The way my skirt
didn't reach right round me made it obvious to anyone who looked and thought
about it that I didn't have anything on underneath.  The wind was going to be a
problem again.

We wandered around the shops and along the sea front and ended up near the
shopping mall.  Just up the road from it Jon spotted a sex shop and we went in.
It wasn't up to much, but the man behind the counter soon realised what I wasn't
wearing, and watched me as I moved around the shop. Jon noticed it and asked me
to pass him something that was on the floor. I realised what Jon was after (and
it wasn't the box on the floor) so I bent over from my waist and picked the box
up. I took my time so that the man got a good look at my ass. Jon put the box
down and we carried on browsing. As I said there wasn't much there, but Jon did
buy a butt plug. As Jon paid the man asked if we wanted a bag for the plug, but
Jon said, "No," and unwrapped it. He then gave it to me and said, "Put that in
your hole." I took it from him and licked the end so that it wouldn't be too
painful, then opened my legs, reached down and under the micro skirt and pushed
it in. As I was doing that I was looking at the man's face. It was a picture of
surprise and pleasure. I guess that no one had done that in his shop before. 
Jon picked-up his change said, "Thank you" and we left.

The butt plug wasn't small, and it was a bit painful as I walked. I was sure
that if (when) my skirt blew-up again, then whoever was looking would be able to
see the end of the plug.

We went into the mall and went to a different shop that sold clothes. As we
looked at the clothes the young sales girl took something off a rack and went to
the changing rooms. They were 2 curtained off cubicles at one end of the shop
which was empty apart from her, Jon and me. When she went into a cubicle I
noticed that she only half closed the curtain. She then started taking off her
jeans and top. I'm sure that she knew that Jon and me was watching her, but she
just ignored us. Next came her bra, which left her in just her knickers. As she
pulled the dress over her head she turned to face us and we got a good view of
her big breasts. I saw lots of black pubic hair sticking out of the sides of her
white knickers. As the dress came down she turned and looked at herself in the
mirror.

After checking to see that the dress fitted and looked OK, she took it off and
put her top and jeans back on. She left the bra off and was holding it and the
dress when she walked passed us to the sales counter. Jon said, "right, it's our
turn to give a show, find a tight dress then come back to me." When I got back
to Jon he had a pair of jeans and a sweatshirt in his hand. He motioned for me
to go over to the changing cubicles and as we walked over he whispered "Don't
touch the curtains, and take your time." We each went into a cubicle and I
didn't hear a curtain close so I knew that Jon didn't close his either. It only
took me seconds to take my top and little skirt off, and I stood there naked
facing the shop and taking my time undoing the buttons on the dress. The girl
was looking at us, but I'm not sure if it was me or Jon.
Just then I heard the shop doorbell and another girl came in and walked over to
the sales girl talking to her in Spanish. The sales girls said something and the
second girl stopped talking when she looked over at us. They both stood in
silence as the watched either Jon or me (or both) as I put the dress on. When
I'd fastened it I walked out and turned to Jon. He was naked and struggling to
pull on the jeans which were obviously too small. He had a semi erection. I
said, "that's nice, but the jeans are too small, shall I get you a bigger pair?"
"No" he said, "I've decided that I don't like them anyway," and started to take
them off. I went next door and took the dress off. Just as I was pulling my top
on, Jon appeared in front of me and said, "come on, let's go." He grabbed the
dress and I followed him over to the sales counted, wrapping the little skirt
round me as I went. At the counter Jon put the clothes on the counter and said,
"thank you, but no thank you" and we left. The girls just watched us as we
walked out in silence.

From there we went to a cafe and had some food and a drink before wandering back
towards the car. To get there we had to pass the area where there are lots of
pubs. By the time we got there it was about 10 o'clock and there were a few
young people around. Two couples who looked about 18 had obviously started
drinking very early because they were pissed. They were having trouble standing
up, and kept falling over. Each time the girls fell over they gave everyone
around a good look up their mini skirts. At first I thought that they weren't
wearing knickers, but then I got a good look at a black thong on one of them. As
we got closer one of the girls tripped over right in front of me. She ended up
on her back right at my feet. We stopped and Jon bent down to help her up. She
was staring right up Jon's T-shirt and giggling.  As he pulled her to her feet
she was trying to say something, but couldn't get further than "you haven't
got."  Jon wasn't interested and we stepped round her and left.

Back at the Hotel we went to the bar and had another drink before going to bed.

Wednesday - Jon got me up early and sent me to get some fresh bread for
breakfast. I decided to go to a different supermarket and had a bit of fun
bending over and squatting down.  There were a couple of English lads about 10
or 11 years old in there with their parents. Once they'd seen me bend over they
followed me until I left.

Jon seemed to be in a bit of a rush over breakfast, and as soon as we had
finished he said, "Right, sarong only on (big one), not even shoes, and let's
go." Within a couple of minutes we were walking to the car and then driving up
the coast. We drove for about 30 minutes until Jon turned off the main road and
down a dirt track. He appeared to know where he was going, and after a few turns
we came to a gate with a sign that said 'Miguel's Ponies'. I could see the sea
so I had visions of riding a horse along a deserted beach. It wasn't to be -
well not as how it was in my daydreams. We parked the car and walked through a
little gate into a courtyard. I don't know what I was expecting, but it wasn't
to see lot's of stables with 3 naked girls cleaning them out. Nor was it to see
one naked young girl hanging spread-eagle by her wrists from a frame about 10
foot high in the middle of the courtyard. I just stood there and took it all in
(non of the girls had any pubic hair) while Jon introduced us to Miguel.

As soon as the formalities were over Jon said, "Vanessa give me the sarong. For
the next 2 days you are going to be a 'Pony Girl'. You will live the life of a
pony and a slave who looks after ponies. You will do exactly what Miguel says.
Any deviation from that will result in you being strung-up and punished like
that slave. She's been hanging there for 2 hours waiting for you to arrive so
that you can witness what happens when the slaves don't do at they are told."
With than Miguel said, "Come."  We walked over to the girl who was to be
punished, me talking the sarong off as we walked.

The girl didn't look up when we stood in front of her. She was sweating and
shaking a bit. It looked like she knew what was coming. Miguel shouted something
in Spanish and the 3 girls stopped what they were doing and ran over. They stood
in a line near us and when Miguel shouted something else, they got on their
knees with their knees about a foot apart and lay back and supported the body
weight on their hands that were on the floor behind their feet.  That's the
position that I have to get in when Jon says 'assume the position'.  I whispered
to Jon that I was going to have a problem with the Spanish, and Jon whispered
back "Don't worry, Miguel knows that you don't speak Spanish, he'll talk to you
in English." Miguel must have heard me or Jon because he looked at me and said,
"Slave, don't speak unless spoken to or you will be punished. Get in-line with
the other slaves." I wasn't going to argue, and jumped into line and down into
the position. It was then that I realised that my pussy was getting wet.

In deadly silence Miguel took his jacket off and proceeded to give the girl a
thrashing with the riding crop that he had held all along, all over her back and
butt. To start off with the silence was only broken by the noise of the crop
flying through the air and then landing, but after about 5 strokes the girl
started crying and yelping as each stroke landed. I counted 50 strokes before
Miguel stopped. The girl was sobbing her heart out. I half expected the
punishment to stop there, and in a way it did. Miguel went away and came back
with a hosepipe with water running out of it. He stood behind the girl and let
it run down her back for a couple of minutes before he forced the end up the
girls ass. She screamed as he forced it in and was really whimpering until he
pulled it out about 10 seconds later. The water rushed out of her and so did
little lumps of shit. Miguel forced it in again and the same thing happened when
he pulled it out. The third time wasn't in her ass, but in her pussy. When
Miguel pulled it out she tried to hold it, but after a couple of seconds out it
came like a jet from a squeezed hosepipe.

Miguel only did that twice before he threw the hose on the floor and cut the
girl down. She collapsed on the floor still crying. Miguel said (in English)
"Perhaps that will teach you to keep yourself clean. Clean up the mess on the
floor then muck-out stable 2." The girls stood up and started hosing her own
shit away while Miguel turned to us 4 girls. I hadn't dare move, neither had the
other 3. He said something to them in Spanish and the got up and ran off. I
started to get up to follow them but Miguel said, "Stay!" and walked off. A few
minutes later the 3 girls came back with 5 horses. They just stood there until
Miguel came back and told all 5 of us girls to mount up.

I had never been on a horse before and had a lot of trouble getting on. When I
was half on I saw that there was a dildo about 2 inches in diameter and about 3
inches long, sticking up from the middle of the saddle. I looked over to one of
the other girls who was just getting on, and she was slowly lowering herself
onto her dildo, so I did the same. As the horses walked out of the yard I was
nervous about being on the horse, but at the same time I was enjoying the
experience. 'So this is what a Pony Girl does' I thought. I could get used to a
life like that. If only I'd known.

We walked out into some barren fields where the horses started trotting. I
didn't know how to ride, and I'm sure that I was going up and down at the wrong
time, but I was enjoying being fucked by that dildo. I came twice before the
horses slowed to a walk before we all went in a convoy along some dirt tracks.
Two of the girls had big breasts and they were really bouncing about when the
horses were trotting. It looked painful and I was glad that mine are small.

Twice we had to stop as a car came the other way. In one was a middle aged
couple and the other just had an old man in it. Non of them looked at all
surprised to see 5 naked girls on horseback, but the 2 young(ish) men that were
mending a stone wall at the side of the track were. They were laughing and
joking in Spanish as we walked by. Non of the girls even looked at them, they
just sat there staring at the back of the girl in front.

We eventually came to a deserted little beach and when Miguel dismounted we did
too. The girls seemed to know what was to do and they went to Miguel and started
undressing him. To get his riding boots off he sat on the beach and lifted one
leg. One of the girls stepped over it and when she had grabbed his boot he
pushed her backside with the other foot. When that one came off another girl
stepped over his other leg and did the same. When he was naked I watched him
walk into the water, his little dick just peeking out of the large mass of black
pubic hair. We all stood quietly as Miguel swam around for a few minutes then
came back to us. Two of the girls went to get the horses and the other 2 started
to dress Miguel. I helped them.

The ride back to the stables was just as uneventful apart from the bouncing up
and down as we trotted over the field. Back at the stables I was told to help
the girls take the saddles off the horses, I tried to talk to some of the girls
to find out which ones spoke English, and then to try to find out what else went
on there. All I could get out of any of them was a whisper "Don't talk, just do
what you are told."

When we went out of the stables into the court-yard there were about two dozen
smartly dressed people there including Jon. He must have borrowed the clothes
because we didn't bring them with us. Us girls had to line-up along one wall
while Miguel explained, first in Spanish, then in English, that this was where
the Pony Girl races would start. He called each of us out in turn, and had us
parade up and down in front of the people. While all this was going on there was
money changing hands and I guessed that the people were putting bets of some
sort on us.

At that time I thought that we were going to have some sort of nude school
athletics day, and I wasn't prepared for what happened next. We all went out to
a field that had a little track round it. It must have been about 200 yards
long, similar to a school sports field. What was different was that there were 2
single seater 'carts' in one corner. Two of the girls were led over to them and
I watched as Miguel strapped a big leather belt round their waists, he then put
a leather 'Bridle and Reins' over their heads. This was made of a metal 'bit' in
their mouths, with leather straps that held it firm on their heads. The reins
came out from near each ear and were about 6 feet long. He then tied their hands
together behind their backs before leading them in between two long poles that
came out of the front of the carts that had hooks for the rings on the big waist
belts. As they were being hooked up I realised what was going to happen.

Two people were selected from the audience and they climbed into the carts. The
girls weren't finding it easy, but they pulled the carts to the starting line
and when Miguel fired some sort of gun the race started. The 2 people in the
carts were pulling the reins and shouting at the girls to get them to go faster.
When they got to the finish one of them was slightly in front of the other. They
were both panting and sweating like mad. The belts and bridles were moved to
another girl and me. It was real hard work, but I managed to just beat the other
girl. When I was un-strapped I saw that one of the girls who went first was
getting a drink from a water trough so I went over and did the same. It tasted
funny and looked a bit dirty, but I needed that drink.

By the end of the 'event' each girl had raced against each of the others. I had
won 2 and lost 2, but there was a winner, one of the girls with big breasts. I
wasn't surprised that she had won as she was bigger than all the others, and she
looked fitter. No flab. The winner and the girls who lost all her races were
then hitched up again to have another race. This seemed little unfair until I
saw that 2 people climbed into the winners cart and squeezed into the one seat. 
What also made me glad that I wasn't one of the girls was the fact that all 3
riders had whips.

When the gun went off both girls had trouble getting going until the whips
started landing. As they got round the circuit and back towards us I could see
lots of red marks round both girls backs, some of them even wrapped round to
their stomachs. The big girl also had some on her breasts. The smaller girl won
by about 5 yards, much to the delight of most of the people watching. I could
see money changing hands in the group of onlookers, but it wasn't long before
the 2 girls who had been racing were unattached from the carts and all 5 of us
were told to return to the stables. When we got there leather 'Bridle and Reins'
were put on all our heads, and all our wrists were tired behind our backs. The
end of the 'Reins' were then tied to hooks around the inside of one of the
stables and we were left there.

There were 3 buckets in the middle of the stable and we could all just get over
to them. One of the buckets had some food in it; it looked a bit like leftovers
that had been all mashed up. The second bucket had water in it, and the third
one was empty. It wasn't long before I realised what the third bucket was for,
one of the girls went over to it, squatted down onto it and had a shit.

I tried to talk to the other girls, but all that came out was a garbled mess. A
couple of the girls went and stuck their heads into the food and water buckets,
and I had some water, but I didn't like the look of the food. It wasn't long
before we all settled down in the straw and tried to get some sleep. I must have
managed to get some because the next thing that I knew was when I woke-up in the
dark listening to one of the girls having a pee into the bucket.

A bit later a man that I'd never seen before came in and switched the light on.
He had a riding crop with him and he woke-up 2 of the girls who were still
asleep by giving them a crack across their backsides. As he walked round the
stable he had a good look and grope at each of us. One of his fingers went
inside my pussy, but he moved on quickly. After he had gone round all of us he
went back to a Spanish looking girl with long black hair. He made her stand-up
then bend over before he dropped his trousers and fucked her from behind. The
girl didn't offer any resistance, in fact she was obviously enjoying it. A moan
of pleasure sounds the same even through the Bit of her Bridle.

When he had finished he untied us all (hands and from the wall), lead us outside
and lined us up against a wall. He gave us a bar of soap each then turned a
hosepipe on us. The air temperature was reasonably warm, but the water
temperature wasn't. I had goose bumps all over, and you should have seen the
size of my nipples. After the 'shower' we were all led into the big house and
into a small room where our 'Bridles' were taken off. We were then told that we
were to be the 'entertainment' of the Masters guests that night. There would be
a mini 'Olympic games' and each of us had to do our best to win. If the Master
didn't think that we were trying hard enough then we would be punished.  The man
then got out a tin of paint and painted a number on each of our chests and
backs. I was number 4.

We all sat around for about an hour before the man came back in to us. I tried
to talk to some of the other girls, but non of them wanted to talk. Three of
them just ignored me while the fourth just said, "No talking." The man told us
that the first game was a simple race. He told us that when we got out into the
main room we had to line up and then race to the other side of the room and
back. I was reasonably happy until he told us that we would be going one at a
time, and that we had to carry each of the other girls one at a time, on our
backs.

Out in the room I had a good look round as we lined up. It was a big room,
something like 40 feet across. One end was completely empty, and at the other
end was about 20 people sat round tables with lots of food on them. They were
all talking to each other and obviously quite happy. I could just see Jon, he
was on a table at the back of the room talking to someone that I had seen
earlier in the day.

It wasn't long before the girl with number 1 painted on had to start. Girl
number 2 jumped on her back and she grabbed number 2's legs and started running.
When she turned to come back, her breasts were bouncing up and down. She was out
of breath by the time she let girl 2 down and girl 3 got on. When it came to me
getting on her naked back she was covered in sweat and had trouble keeping me on
her. Before she managed to get half way across the room she collapsed with me
landing on top of her. We got up and walked back to the wall with lots of the
audience booing her.

Girl 2 started and managed to get all of us to the other side and back, but she
had the advantage of being the biggest of us all. She carried us with her arms
holding our legs to her sides, but instead of then holding her hands in front of
her, she held them behind her. This meant that as we were bouncing across the
room my pussy was bouncing down onto her hands.

Girl 3 only managed to get me both ways, and girl 5 three quarters of the way
before collapsing. Then it was my turn, I'd decided that I was really going to
try hard. It wasn't that I was afraid of the beating if I didn't do well, I
would probably have enjoyed it, it was that I wanted Jon to be proud of me.
Getting girl 5 both ways was easy, she was the smallest of the girls. Girl 1 was
heavier, and I managed her too, but by the time I got her back I was sweaty and
slippery. I knew I'd have problems with girl 2 and I was right. When she jumped
on my back I nearly went down, but managed to get half way before my legs gave
way. The other thing about her was that she held her arms tightly round my neck
so I was having trouble breathing as well. Fortunately as we went down she
landed on her feet, and when I turned over to get up she was still there with
one foot either side of me. I was looking up at her shaved pussy with its dark
stubble just starting to grow. The lips were tightly closed leaving her looking
as if she just had a clean, not very long, cut there.

Girl 5 started and managed to get girl 1 both ways, but collapsed as soon as
girl 2 jumped on.

We were all herded out of the room and outside where we were hosed down again. I
was glad to get back inside. We were allowed to rest for what must have been
about 15 minutes before the man told us that event 2 was about to start. It was
a bit like event 1 in that we were paired off (girl 1 was left out) and we then
had a pillow fight with the girl on top holding the pillow. I started off on top
and managed to get a couple of good blow in before we were floored by the other
2 girls running into us.

Event 3 followed almost straight away, it was a wresting match. The objective
was to get you opponent with her back on the floor and hold her shoulders down
for a count of 3. Girls 1 and 3 were drawn first, and it was a good clean fight.
It took ages for girl 1 to win.

My number was called next, and my heart sank as the number 2 was called out. I'd
expected it to be over in a minute or so, but I soon discovered that even though
she was big, she was slow. We started to get sweaty and slippery which helped me
a bit. It was when she started pulling one of my nipples that I decided that I
wasn't going to lose. When she grabbed my pubic bone and pushed a couple of
fingers in me and grinned at me I thought 'right, 2 can play that game'. I
grabbed her pussy with one hand and thumped her stomach with the other. She went
down with me on top of her, but facing her feet. She started pushing her fingers
into my pussy so I did the same to her - only harder. My juices were already
flowing and I was enjoying it a bit. I was finding it hard to get my finger into
her as she was still dry, but I wasn't going to give in. She was starting to
scream as I really pushed hard. She was so dry and tight that my hand was
starting to hurt but I wasn't going to stop. As she screamed louder she stopped
pushing her fingers into me and just lay there screaming.

When my whole hand was in her I turned to look at her face to see that she was
crying. I pulled my hand out, stood up moved up her body before squatting down
so that my shins were on her shoulders and my pussy on her nose. As the man was
counting up to 3 I wiggled my body about so that my pussy and juices were spread
all over her face. I had won, and as I walked back to the other girls I saw that
they too were applauding me. What I didn't realise was that I had to fight
again, straight away.

It was against the smallest girl, number 5. I was still covered in sweat and she
had trouble getting hold of me. Somehow we ended up on the floor with me on top
of her in the '69' position. My head was in between her legs and very close to
her pussy. She gripped my head with her legs and held my face about an inch from
her pussy. She had that unmistakable smell of female sex and I couldn't resist
putting my tongue out and licking her lips. She shook and moaned, so I did it
again, this time I pushed my tongue inside her. She was enjoying it, and stopped
gripping my head with her thighs. As I moved my tongue around I lowered my pussy
towards her face until I could feel her breath on my pussy. A little more and I
could feel her nose just touching me.

At that point I think that we both forgot about the fight that we were supposed
to be having, and we both enjoyed each other's pussies. I was just getting close
to an orgasm when a man pulled me off the girl saying "You can stop now, you've
won."  It took me a few seconds to realise that my shins had been holding down
the girl's shoulders, and the 'referee' had counted her out. I think that it
took a while for the other girl to realise what had happened as well. 

There was one more fight, girls 2 and 3. It got quite violent and girl 3 ended
up with a bloody nose. There was lots of nipple pulling, and pussy and stomach
punching. I was glad that I didn't have to fight girl 3.

The next contest was something that I had never even imagined before. We had to
line up with 10 empty San Miguel Beer bottles in front of us. We had to carry
them over to the other side of the room. The only problem was that we were not
allowed to use either our hands or mouths (apart from to stand them up if they
fell over). The options left to use were pretty limited, so I opted to pick them
up with my pussy. My only worry was that I would be too wet to grip them
properly while I was walking with them in me. It was quite easy really, and I
was doing quite well. Two of the girls looked as if they were trying to pick
them up in their backsides. They weren't doing as well as the 3 of us that were
using our pussies. By the time I got to the eighth I was having trouble gripping
them, and the eighth, ninth and tenth ones all fell out and I had to stand them
up and start again. In the end I came in third, which I was reasonably pleased
with.

That was the end of the contests and we all had to line up while the man called
out our numbers one at a time, then judged how much applause we got from the
audience. I didn't win, but I didn't loose. I was glad of that because the girl
who won (girl 5) had to go into the audience and let any and everyone of them do
what they wanted to her. I never saw her for the next hour or so. Girl 2 (the
big girl) got the least applause and she started crying when she was told that
she was going to be punished in front of everyone.

A big frame was brought in, and girl 2 was tied spread-eagle to it. Then each of
the Masters of the remaining 4 girls were called up, one at a time to give her
50 strokes of whatever implement they chose. The first Master chose a belt, by
the time he had finished, her whole backside had red weals all over it. She was
crying, but still managed to count the strokes and say "Thank you Master" after
each one. Well I assume that that was what she was saying, she was Spanish.

The second Master chose a belt as well, but he didn't restrict his strokes to
her backside. About half of them were directed onto her breasts, and about a
quarter were 'up strokes' between her legs on onto her pussy. By the time all 50
had landed she was screaming quite loudly. I got the impression that she had a
low pain threshold.

Jon was third, and as he came to the front he gave me a little smile. Jon chose
a tawse. He's good with that, and he too split the 50 over the 3 parts of her
body. In spite of her loud screams as each one landed, It didn't look as if Jon
was trying too hard, I'm sure that I've seen him put more effort into giving me
my punishments.

The last Master chose a small whip. When the girl saw it she started screaming
"No, No!" but that didn't stop the man. Most of the strokes were directed to her
backside, but about a dozen were split over her back and chest. She passed out
before he had completed his 50 and didn't bother with the rest. She was still
out cold when 2 men carried her out of the room.

After that and a few words from Miguel, we were herded out and into a room where
there was couple of showers. We were told to have a shower and wash off what was
left of the numbers that had been painted onto our chests and backs. Just as we
were finishing, the big girl 2, was carried in and were told to clean her up.
She came round as we put her into the shower, and she started crying straight
away. I don't think that my body has ever been that red when Jon punishes me.

From there we were taken back to the stable and given some bread and water
before the light was put out. I snuggled down into the hay to try to keep warm,
and before I knew it there was light shining in through the badly fitting door.  

Thursday - No sooner that I was awake, a man came in and woke-up the 2 girls
that were still asleep. Girl 2 started moaning and groaning as soon as she was
woken-up. When she didn't stop as soon as she was told the man pulled her up
onto her knees, dropped his trousers and started fucking her. She was quietly
sobbing when he had finished. He looked as if he came, but she didn't.

We were all told to get outside where we were hosed-down before our hands were
tied behind our backs. We were then put back in the stable with 3 buckets. One
food, one water. I was hungry, and made it to the food bucket first. I was glad
that the food was all mashed-up, but I got it all over my face. I dunked my head
in the water bucket to wash it off. I had a pee in the third bucket, and
straight after wards, one of the other girls had a shit in it.

About an hour later we were taken out and lined up. Two of the girls were taken
away by their Masters, and 3 more arrived, but there was no sign of Jon. We then
had to clean out the stables that had horses in them, and I accidentally stood
in some horse shit. It was still warm.  The next few hours went through the same
routine as the previous day. I got quite worked up as we trotted over the fields
with the horses movements pushing the dildo in the saddle into me. I was sorry
when the horse started walking again, I'd been getting close to an orgasm.  One
of the 'new' girls looked quite frightened as her horse started trotting, and
she was screaming a bit as she was going up and down.

Down on the beach Miguel only went for a paddle when 2 of the girls had
undressed him. I think that the waves were too big for him. When we got back to
the stables there was another crowd of people, and we went and had the cart
races. This time we all had bridles on all of the time. I won 3 of my races and
lost 2. I was knackered by the time we had finished.

When we got back to the stables, Jon watched us get hosed down then came over to
me and told me that we were leaving. On the way out we went looking for Miguel
and Jon thanked him for 'a very enjoyable 2 days.'

As we got near to Playa de las Americas Jon gave me my sarong and told me to put
it on. I had been naked for so long that I hadn't even thought about wearing
some clothes.

Back at the Hotel  I told Jon that I had really enjoyed myself, but that I was
quite tired. I asked him if we could get some food then have a quiet night in
the Hotel bar. We went to a little restaurant not far from the Hotel. Jon told
me to wear just one of his T-shirts. Even so, the wind gave a few people flashes
of my backside. I was forgetting how tired I was as we were drinking in the bar,
and I was lazily lounging in one of the Hotel's sofas when Emma and Chloe came
in and told me that they could see what I wasn't wearing. The combination of
being tired and 'happy' with drink meant that I just didn't care. We talked to
them for a while before going to bed early. John asked them if they would like
to join us at the Hotel Fanabe the next day, but they weren't sure, and we left
it that they would meet us in reception at 10 o'clock if they wanted to go.

That night Jon gave me a real good hard fucking on the balcony - doggy style. I
slept well that night.

Friday - Jon sent me for the food for breakfast wearing only a big sarong. The
only thing was that the way it was tied caused it to open up to my stomach each
time that I walked forward.  It was only when I was stood still that it covered
my pussy. Every time I saw someone coming my way I slowed right down - except
when it was someone in the 16 - 36 age range. I just let them stare at me. The
girls in the little supermarket were staring and whispering to each other. One
of them went and got a youth and pointed me out to him. I didn't care, and I
even made sure that I took ages bending down to get jam from the bottom shelf. I
was getting quite excited by the time I got back to Jon, and he commented on the
'snail's trail' as I shuffled off the bed when the kettle boiled.

Emma and Chloe were in reception when we got there and Jon drove us all to the
Hotel Fanabe. I was still wearing just the sarong and Emma asked me if I was
embarrassed by the fact that she (and everyone else) could see my pussy every
time I moved forwards. Before I could answer, Jon said, "I don't think that
Vanessa would be embarrassed if I were to fuck her, naked, in the middle of the
street." Chloe seemed a little startled and blushed a bit.

When we got there we went straight up to the roof top pool and grabbed some
sun-loungers.  Jon and me stripped off straight away and lay down. Emma took her
shorts and top off revealing that she wasn't wearing a bra, and lay on one of
the sun-loungers. Chloe was a bit more hesitant, and when she took her shorts
and top off, she lay down still wearing both halves of her bikini. We got
talking about nothing in particular, and I noticed that Chloe kept looking over
at Jon's dick. I got the impression that she wasn't used to seeing naked people,
especially men. Emma noticed as well, and said, "Stop it Chloe!" Chloe tried to
plead ignorance, but her blushes told us that she knew she had been caught. Jon
just smiled and went back to his book.

After about an hour or so, a waiter came over and we ordered some drinks. Jon
insisted that they were alcoholic, he said that we needed to relax. I took it
that he meant Emma and Chloe.  The pool was filling up, and most of the people
were naked. Jon asked Emma and Chloe if they were going to strip off. I think
that Emma was just waiting for someone to give her the chance because she
immediately stood up and dropped her bikini bottom before lying down again. She
has a neatly trimmed black bush with a small clit peeking out between her lips.
That together with breasts that were bigger than mine, but not over big, meant
that she has quite a nice body really. Jon thought so as well because he said,
"That's better, you have a good body and shouldn't try to hide it." Chloe wasn't
ready for the 'Full Monty', and would only take her top off. Her breasts are a
lot bigger with small nipples in the centre of large dark brown aureole.  She
immediately got back onto the sun-lounger - face down.

Later on Jon decided that we would go for a swim and Jon, Emma and me went
straight into the water. Chloe took a bit of persuading, but she finally joined
us. After splashing around for a bit, Jon whispered to me to take Chloe's bikini
bottoms off. I decided that I needed Emma's help and told her. She agreed, and
we ganged-up on her and while I held her, Emma removed the offending article.
She put up quite a fight, and gave us a lot of abuse, but she was out-numbered.
All that time, Jon was sitting on the edge of the pool with his feet in the
water laughing at us. When we had got the bikini off Chloe, Emma decided that
Chloe was going to have a good look at Jon's dick and we dragged her over to Jon
and held her so that her face was in between Jon's legs about 6 inches from his
dick. The presence of her face so close to his face was having an effect on Jon,
and it wasn't long before he decided that he ought to get into the water. He
slid down into the water right in front of us. Chloe's face was a picture as the
front of Jon's body slid down the front of hers. I reached round the front of
Chloe and grabbed Jon's dick and pushed it in between Chloe's legs. She gave a
bit of a shudder before she managed to catch Emma and me off-guard and pulled
away from us.

Emma had thrown Chloe's bikini bottoms over to our sun-loungers and Chloe was
complaining saying that we would have to give her them back before she got out.
"No way!" Jon said and we swam off. When Chloe caught up with us she said, "It's
quite nice this nude swimming isn't it?" "I told you that you'd enjoy it didn't
I?" I said. When it came to getting out Chloe made a big deal of waiting until
she thought that no one was looking before she got out and ran to her
sun-lounger. She lay on her stomach hiding her front.

After a while we went to the roof top bar for something to eat. Everyone that we
had seen going there had covered up before going, so Chloe and Emma wrapped
their towels round their waists. I started to wrap my sarong around myself, but
Jon stopped me saying, "No, we won't be coming here again, so what the hell,
let's go naked."  We got a few funny looks, but no one said anything.

Back at the sun-beds, Jon started reading his book again while us 3 girls
chatted about everything and nothing. The conversation got round to me and Jon
and I told them all about my old and new lives. They were fascinated and kept
asking me all sorts of questions. Emma said, "you really would do absolutely
anything that Jon tells you, wouldn't you?"  "Yes I would, he's very good to me,
I trust him, and I know that he wouldn't put me in any danger." I replied.
"Jon!" Emma said trying to get him involved. "Ask Vanessa to do something
outrageous." Jon looked up and said, "Like what?"  After a long pause Emma said,
"Like masturbate right here and now." "That's not outrageous, but OK, Vanessa,
sit on the side of my sun-lounger facing Emma and Chloe, open your legs wide,
and frig yourself till you cum." So I did. Fortunately there weren't many people
around our area of the pool, and no one seemed to be taking any notice of me -
except Emma and Chloe. As I was getting started, Emma said, "That's one hell of
a clit that you've got there Vanessa." "Jon likes it as well" I replied. All the
time that I was getting quite 'happy' I was looking at both Emma and Chloe. 
Emma had a smile on her face, but Chloe was the best, not only was she licking
her lips, her legs were getting wider and wider apart. When I finally came I
could see Chloe's lips and minute little clit peeping out.

When I calmed down I looked round and saw that no one was paying us any
attention (if only some of them knew what they had missed), and then at Jon. He
smiled and said, "Good girl" as I noticed that he his dick was getting quite
hard. I looked back at Chloe and saw that that was where her eyes were looking.
I don't know if it was me or him looking at Chloe that had got him that way, but
I knew that if anyone else out there noticed him then there might be some
trouble, so I offered to 'hide it' for him. He said, "Well, you had better get
on with it, unless Emma or Chloe would care to oblige." I looked at them both
(they were staring at his erection), but neither of them said anything, so I
stood up, then lowered myself onto him. I was sideways to him, and still facing
Emma and Chloe. 

I just sat there for about 10 minutes with Emma and Chloe just watching both my
face, and Jon's before I felt the jerks and warm squirts of Jon's jism as he
came inside me. Emma had been taking it all within her stride, but Chloe was
obviously getting quite aroused by it all. Her face was a picture of excitement
and embarrassment. She looked like a little schoolgirl who had been caught doing
something naughty. And that was just her face, her legs were as wide as they
could get and the juices were dribbling out of her pussy. She looked great.

After Jon had gone all soft he decided that we should all go for another swim.
This time Chloe was more relaxed, and slowly walked over to the pool. Jon's (and
my) juices were running down my thighs as we walked, and Jon's dick was
sparkling in the sun as he jumped in. After about 15 minutes Jon decided that
he'd had enough and we all got out and dried.

It was getting late in the afternoon, and the sun was starting to go down so we
decided to leave. Before any of us could put any clothes on Jon suggested that
we all walk back to the car naked. Emma and Chloe immediately said no, but after
a bit of persuasion they agreed to go topless. As Jon said, it was our last day,
and it didn't matter if we got throw out of the place.  We finished packing, and
started heading for the lift. As we were getting into the lift one of the
waiters came over to us and started trying to say something. With the bits of
English and the fact that he was pointing to our bodies, I guess that he wasn't
happy. He was still ranting as the lift door closed and we went down.

I was feeling a bit nervous as the lift door opened in the Hotel lobby. Silently
we walked through reception and out into the Hotel car park. Most of the dozen
or so people in reception had stopped what they were doing and were looking at
us. I noticed one lady thump her husband to tell him to stop looking, and a
Spaniard behind the desk started shouting something at us, but we just kept
walking, got into the car and drove off. When we got onto the road we all just
burst out laughing. I'd quite enjoyed that.

As we drove back towards Playa de las Americas we saw a police car going the
other way, so Jon stopped and we all covered-up before continuing. I'd just put
my sarong on, and as we walked into our hotel it was blowing all over the place.
He all had another couple of drinks in a corner of the bar before agreeing to
meet-up later to go for some food and more drinks. Jon had suggested that all 3
of us girls wear our shortest skirts and skimpiest tops with nothing on
underneath. Emma agreed straight away, but it took a few minutes for Chloe to
agree.

Jon and me got cleaned-up and at 9 o'clock we met Emma and Chloe in the bar. I
was wearing a short crop top, one that showed the bottom of my breasts if I so
much as shrugged my shoulders; and my bikini skirt. The one that doesn't quite
make it all the way round me. Emma was wearing a very short tight skirt that
only just covered her butt. I reckoned that after we had walked a hundred yards
or so, her cheeks would be hanging out of it (and that's just the rear view).
With it she wore a white half-cup lace bra. When I looked hard I could see all
her nipples and aureole. Chloe thought that she was being cleaver wearing a thin
cotton 'A' skirt, it wasn't that short, but I smiled as I though what the wind
would do with it. On her top she wore her bikini top. Not very revealing, but
the straps were tied together, so I could imaging Jon having a bit of fun with
that.

As we had a drink in the bar before leaving, Jon persuaded Emma and Chloe to
prove that they didn't have anything on underneath. Emma didn't really need to
as I could already see her 'short and curlies' as she perched on a bar stool,
but she obviously hadn't realised that, and stood up and wiggled her bum as she
pulled the skirt up and then down. Chloe hadn't moved, and Jon had to say 'Come
on Chloe, lift that skirt right up and show us what you've got." There was a bit
of a blush on her face as she put her drink down and lifted her skirt up; right
as 2 youngish men turned the corner coming towards us. Chloe quickly dropped her
skirt, but it was too late. One of the men said, "Nice Beaver honey" as the
walked past us. Chloe was bright red as Jon gave her her drink back and said,
"Drink that."

After a minute or so, Chloe said, "What about you Vanessa, you haven't proved
that you've got nothing on under that skirt." Jon laughed and said, "I would
have though that that was obvious, but OK, Vanessa, take the skirt off." Well,
what else could I do, I got off the bar stool and undid the bow. I let one end
drop and was stood there wearing only my little top and shoes. Not wanting to
get in trouble with Jon I just stood there as they all looked at my bald pussy
for what seemed like an eternity. Eventually Jon said, "Turn round just to prove
that you've nothing hidden behind you." As I turned I saw the 2 men looking
directly at me. I stopped with my back to Jon and the girls waiting for Jon to
say something. The 2 men started smiling so I stood there smiling back, and I
didn't hear Jon telling me to turn round and put my skirt back on. The next
thing I knew was Jon's hand landing on my backside. Without thinking I said,
"One - thank you Master" before Jon said, "I told you to put the skirt back on."

As I was fastening the skirt Emma said, "You really are Jon's slave aren't you?"
"Yes I am." I replied. We finished our drinks, left the Hotel and walked towards
'town'. It wasn't long before Chloe was complaining about the wind. We went into
a cafe� cum bar and ordered some drinks and food. By the time we'd finished our
food the place had livened-up quite a bit and  Jon took us onto the dance floor.
Needless to say our skirts were giving the audience a good show.  Chloe didn't
seem to care any more, I think the alcohol  was working.

We didn't stay there long before moving onto to somewhere quieter. A little bar
under some shops that had a TV on in one corner, and a Pool Table in a separate
room. There were some teenagers in there playing pool and we sat in one corner
waiting to have a game. Emma said that she hoped that they would go before we
started playing, but they didn't. I'm sure that the lads had seen out short
skirts and wanted to watch us. When we got up they got some fresh drinks and sat
round the edge watching. There were 3 boys and 2 girls all about 15 or 16.

Unfortunately (or fortunately) the Pool Table was quite big, and we all had to
bend right over most of the time. The boys and girls were giggling as Chloe
struggled to keep her modesty as she took her turn. It was me next and I
deliberately pointed my ass at the boys and girls as I slowly took my shot. As I
bent over I could feel my little skirt riding up my back. I knew that they must
have had a great view. I could hear them whispering as I opened my legs to
steady myself before taking the shot. I think that I was enjoying it as much as
they were, and really took my time. So much so that Emma said, "Come on Vanessa,
stop messing about and get on with it." I took the shot and missed the ball. If
I hadn't of had so much to drink I might have been a bit embarrassed. Not at
showing the kids my pussy, at missing the ball.

It was Emma's go next, and she went to shoot from the same end as me. As she
bent over her tight skirt rode up over her cheeks. It stayed up as she stood up
to move round the table a bit.  I don't know if she realised cos she didn't do
anything about it, but the kids were staring at her every move. Even the girls
were staring at her pussy. I was looking at the kids when she bent over again to
take the shot and one of the lads chin dropped as his eyes opened wide.

It was Jon's go next and while he was taking it, I heard the kids talking. One
of the lads was asking the girls if they would play dressed like us. One of them
said, "No" straight off, but the other said, "How do you know that I've got any
knickers on under this skirt?" That shut him up for a while, and before he could
answer it was Chloe's go again, and she bent over to take her shot. Jon put his
hand on her back and bent over to tell her how to take the shot. What she didn't
realise was that as he got up he carefully untied her bikini top. When she stood
up it dropped to the floor. I guess that the alcohol had dulled her senses a bit
cos it took her a full minute to realise that it had gone. Of course the lads
noticed straight away and were staring at her big tits. When she finally
realised she tried to cover them up which just made the lads (and us) laugh.

Chloe finally managed to get her bikini top back on, and then it was my turn. I
could have taken an easy shot from the opposite end to the kids, but Jon told me
to go take a shot from the kids end. As much as I tried I couldn't reach to take
the shot. In the end I decided that I would have to kneel on the table edge to
get at the ball. As I climbed up my little skirt fell open revealing my whole
backside to the kids. When I bent over to take the shot by knees were apart and
my backside in the air. All 5 of those kids and Chloe and Emma, who had helped
me get on the table, got a fantastic view of my juices leaking out of my pussy.
The thought of all those people staring at my open pussy really got them
flowing. Somehow I managed to get the ball in the hole and I stayed there
saying, "I did it!" over and over. In the end Jon came up behind me and said,
"Ok, so you got it in the hole, I can do that as well," and he pushed his thumb
in my pussy and grabbed my pubic bone and pulled me back down onto the floor.
That hurt a bit as I bounced down, but nothing compared to the pain when Jon
uses the cane on me.

Emma was next and she had just one shot that she could take. Guess what? It was
from the kids end. I think that the alcohol was getting Emma a bit as well, cos
she decided that she was going to lay right on the table to take the shot. She
moved a chair over to the table to help her get high enough to get on. As she
climbed on the chair her skirt rode up over her bum and when she stood up
straight she looked down at her neatly trimmed pussy hair and said, "Ooh look,
you can see my pussy." Before she could say anything else Jon said, "Come on
Emma, we've all seen it before, get on with the shot." She lay down over the end
of the table with her legs wide apart and started lining up the shot. Just as
she was about to take the shot Jon (who had crept up behind her) pushed a couple
of his fingers right in her pussy. Needless to say she missed the shot and she
swore as Jon pulled his fingers out and lifted her down.

Jon announced that he though that it was time we were going, and told us to get
ourselves ready. Emma wiggled her skirt back over her butt and we moved towards
the door. As I passed the kids I heard one of the lad say "The lucky bastard."

We headed back to the hotel and we all went up to our room for a final drink. As
soon as I got into our room I took my top and skirt off and Jon stripped of as
well. Emma's skirt was half way over her bum and she collapsed onto the bed with
her legs open showing us a rather wet looking pussy. Chloe was quite drunk by
then and she "Well if you can, then so can I," and she slowly took her skirt and
bikini top off. Jon was getting the drinks and as he offered one to Emma she got
up off the bed, grabbed the drink and went into the bathroom. When she came out
she was naked and came straight up to me and kissed me full on the lips.
Meanwhile Chloe had staggered over to Jon and grabbed his dick which was
starting to get hard. She was mumbling something about wanting Jon's nice dick
and she slid down him and took him in her mouth.

We had a mini orgy with us all fucking each other. Emma tasted nice, but Chloe
was a bit sickly, and I couldn't find her clit. I managed to get Emma to cum
twice whilst they all got me to cum. In the end we all fell asleep on top of the
bed.

Saturday December 19
The next thing I knew was that the sun was shining and there were people talking
on next door's balcony. When I looked out there was a young couple staring into
our room and at the 4 naked bodies strewn all over the beds. I got up and opened
the glass doors to the balcony, walked out and said, "good morning." The woman
looked a bit shocked, but the bulge in the man's shorts told me that he was
enjoying what he saw. The noise of the door opening had woken the others up and
they slowly walked out to join me. Jon brought a bottle of water with him and
passed it around. After a minute or so, Chloe realised that she was naked on the
balcony with strangers watching her. She went inside to get dressed. Jon
realised what time it was, and told Emma and Chloe that we had a plane to catch
and that they would have to leave. Theirs was an afternoon flight whilst we had
to leave in an hour. We said our goodbyes and we headed for the shower. I was
quite surprised that I didn't have a hang-over, Jon said that he didn't have one
either, but I bet that Emma and Chloe did.

When we came out of the shower the couple next door were still on their balcony,
and still watching us. We packed our things, then got dressed. Jon had me wear
just a skirt and top, but before I could put them on I had to put my Ben Wa
balls inside me, and I had to do it in full view of our neighbours who were
still watching me (us). I could see that I was going to have an interesting
journey home.

When we had checked our luggage in we went through customs to the departure
lounge. The security people were getting everyone to walk through some sort of
x-ray arch. It bleeped when I went through and this man told me to go through
again. It bleeped again. It was obvious that I wasn't carrying anything so he
ran this x-ray stick thing up and down close to my body. As it got near my
stomach it bleeped over and over. I realised that it must have found Ben and
wondered what he would do. I had pictures running through me head of being taken
into a room and told to strip off. Then having to have an internal examination.
I wondered if I would enjoy it, but I didn't get the chance. The man just shook
his 'stick' then put it in front of my stomach again. When it bleeped again he
shook his head and waved me on. In a way I was a little disappointed. It could
have been interested.

Jon wanted to walk about the departure lounge which meant that Ben was working
hard. After about 10 minutes I grabbed his arm and stood there and shook as an
orgasm took control of me. I think that Jon had forgotten about Ben because he
looked a bit surprised at first, then his face changed to a smile. When I'd
calmed down we went and got a coffee and waited for the plane.

Amazingly enough the plane took off on time, but it wasn't long before I
realised that the 4 hour journey was going to take its toll on me. The constant
background vibrations of the plane were keeping Ben working ever so slowly. The
tingling in my pussy wouldn't stop. I tried to think about other things but the
tingling would not go away. I could feel my juices slowly seeping out of me and
I decided that I had better lift the back of my skirt over my bum. I didn't want
to have a big wet patch on my skirt for everyone to see as we walked through
East Midlands Airport. I wriggled about to hitch my skirt up and held one of the
magazines on my lap so that no one could see too much. When the flight attendant
came to give us our meal I accidentally knocked the magazine off my lap as I
release the little table from the seat in front.  The flight attendant looked a
little startled when she realised that she could see all my thighs, right up to
my stomach; but she just carried on as if nothing had happened.

We finished the meal and I made sure that the magazine stayed in place when the
food trays were collected. After that Jon went to sleep, but the tingling in my
pussy was building up. I could feel an orgasm slowly building from deep inside
me. About 3 hours into the journey I just couldn't fight it any more and it hit
me. I grabbed Jon's arm and trembled something wicked. I was squeezing Jon's arm
so much that he woke up to see me trying desperately to keep my mouth shut. I
wanted to scream. My body felt like it was about to explode. In the end I think
that did let out a bit of a moan, but I think that I held it quite well really.
One of the flight attendants walked by as I was coming down from my high. She
stopped and asked me if I was alright. I daren't open my mouth, and Jon managed
to persuade her that I was OK.

The rest of the flight wasn't too bad. Another orgasm was slowly building up
inside me, but we landed before it hit me. When I got up off my seat I managed
to get my skirt back down before anyone (even Jon) noticed. I looked at the seat
and wondered how long it had to dry before the next person sat in it. It looked
as if someone had spilt a whole bottle of water on it. If only they knew. The
walk through passport control to the luggage collection area finished me off,
and I had to go to the toilet. As soon as I got in there my skirt was up and my
fingers were working on my clit. It took only seconds for me to cum again.

When I went out Jon had our cases and was waiting for me. When we went outside
the cold really hit me. My nipples went like bullets in as much time as it takes
a bullet to leave a gun. I was glad that we didn't have long to wait for a taxi
to take us home.

The house was cold when we got there, and Jon let me keep my skirt and top on
until things warmed-up, but I had to keep Ben in for the rest of the day. I had
3 more orgasms as I did the housework. That night I begged Jon to fuck me before
going to sleep. He did, and at last I felt that I had got what I needed.

Sunday December 20
We both woke up late and had a lazy day. After reading the papers Jon spent most
of the day sorting out the mail and other such things. Nothing exciting
happened.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing December 21
Monday was quiet and I spent a few hours keying details of the last week's
exploits into this journal.  I went to Tescos but never saw anyone I knew. That
evening Jon promised to buy be some warmer clothes for going out in the winter.

Tuesday - I finished getting this journal up to date just before Jon came home
(early) and he told me to get cleaned-up and ready to go out. I put on the dress
that he bought me for my birthday, the short silky one that hangs out from my
chest letting anyone who looks see all my breasts. Jon took me to a big hotel in
Derby where we met the people that he works with and their wives and partners.
There were about 30 of us in all, but most of them were a lot older than me.
There were only 4 of them that looked under 30, a man and his wife, and a couple
of girls in their late teens or early twenties. Jon said that they were the
office juniors. One or two of the men asked Jon to introduce them to his
'charming young wife', and when he introduced me as his housekeeper they looked
a little surprised. We sat at a table with the younger ones.  I had Jon on one
side of me and the youngish man on the other. The 2 girls were sitting opposite
us. The man kept sitting up straight and bending over to talk to me. It was
obvious that he was looking at my breasts, but I didn't care. When Jon noticed
what he was doing he just smiled. We had a great meal, but the conversation was
mainly about computers and their work.

After the meal a DJ appeared at the other side of a little dance floor and a few
people started dancing. The 2 girls got up to dance and Jon told me to go with
them. I had a great evening with most of the men wanting to dance with me. I was
dancing with one of the older men when a slow number came on and he put his arms
round me and almost hugged me as we slowly danced. My bum felt like my dress had
been pulled up over it, but this man hugging me stopped me from checking. He
finally let me go and I went to the toilet for a pee. One of the office juniors
was in there and she told me that everyone had seen my bum. Jokingly I said that
it was a good job that he hadn't grabbed me from behind as everyone would have
been able to see my pussy. She seemed a little startled and said, "Oh, I know
that just about everyone's seen both your tits and your bum now, but I thought
that you must be wearing a G-string ot 'T' back knickers." "I stopped wearing
knickers years ago, the only thing I'm wearing is this dress" I replied. "Well,"
she said, "you've just cost me a tenner, some of the men at the bar were saying
that you didn't have any knickers on and I bet them �10 that you'd be wearing a
G-string."  "Sorry" I said, "but I won't tell them if you don't."

I never did find out if she paid-up because I didn't see much of her again. Jon
came to dance with me when I went back out, and I know that he was holding the
back of my dress up some of the time. When I mentioned it to him he just said
that he was proud of my body. I had to drive home as Jon had had way too much to
drink, and as soon as we got home and upstairs, he fell asleep.

Wednesday - Went to Tescos again and bought the turkey and the rest of the
things for Christmas. There were too many people in there to have any fun. I
bought loads of decorations and put them up before Jon got home. He liked them,
but I got punished for getting them without first checking with him. He had me
bend over the back of the sofa, naked  with my legs wide apart while he spanked
me 100 times. After I had got to "84 Thank you Master" the doorbell rang and I
had to stay there while he answered it. It was the paperboy who had come to
collect his money. Jon invited him in out of the cold while he went and got the
money. As Jon was coming back down the stair I heard him say "Ignore her, she's
been an bad girl and is being punished." It was only then that I realised that
Jon had left the lounge door open and the boy must have been looking at my red
backside and wet pussy. Nothing else was said and Jon came back gave me the rest
of the 100. I hope his hand didn't hurt as bad as my backside did, but as usual
the pain was mixed with the pleasure. I hoped that Jon would fuck me afterwards,
but he didn't and I had to finish the job with my hand when I went to bed.

Thursday - Christmas Eve - I spent the day getting ready for the next day. Jon
came home just after lunch, and just before tea-time Vicky rang and asked if she
could spend Christmas with us, she had been going to spend it with her family,
but they'd managed to get a late holiday in the sun so she was on her own. Jon
told her that he was happy for her to join us, providing that she didn't bring
any clothes with her, only a coat, shoes and a toothbrush. It took less than a
second for her to agree, and within 5 minutes we were driving over to Nottingham
to collect her.

When we got to Vicky's flat we discovered that Liz and Kelly had already left to
go to one of Liz's friends for the weekend. Vicky was already waiting for us
wearing just her coat and shoes which was all Jon would let me wear. On the way
home we stopped at the pub at the end of the road for a drink. The place was
crowded and quite warm and I wanted to cool down but there was no way that I was
going to take my coat off, not unless Jon told me to. Instead I loosened the
belt to let the air circulate which was fine as we were all stood at one end of
the bar. Vicky tried to tell us what she had been up to in the couple of months
since we last saw her, but the noise was too great and in the end she gave up.
She did manage to give us a quick flash of her smooth bald pubes just to prove
that they were still like that. In the end we gave-up and headed for home.

As Vicky was walking from the car she suddenly stopped and leaned against the
house wall.  When I asked her what was wrong she told me that she had her Ben Wa
balls in, and that they had just got the better of her. Jon heard this and told
her that she was told to bring just a coat, shoes and a toothbrush. Vicky said
that she was sorry, but said that she didn't think that things inside her would
count. Jon wasn't impressed and told her that she would be punished for it.

Inside we took of our coats and shoes and I got us some more drinks. Jon took
his clothes off as well. After we told Vicky all about our holiday she told us
what she had been up to. She hadn't worn knickers since she had last seen us,
and had only worn a bra when it 'wouldn't have been appropriate in a Building
Society' to have had her tits bouncing about. She told us that she had taken Liz
and Kelly to the night-club where they had the foam, and the swimming pool, and
that she had managed to get Liz and Kelly to go into the pool. They had kept
their knickers on, but Vicky (being naked) had attracted a bit more attention,
and one man had tried to fuck her from behind. She had turned to look at him and
didn't fancy him so she'd pushed him away.

As Vicky was telling us all this I noticed that she was squirming in her seat,
and that Jon's dick was getting hard. Jon noticed Vicky looking at his dick and
said, "You haven't had a man for ages have you, you'd better sleep with me
tonight." As we headed upstairs Jon told me to play with myself, but not to make
myself cum. He said that he'd explain all in the morning.

Friday - Christmas Day - I got up first, and looked into Jon's room. Vicky was
sat astride him and having a good ride. I was a little disappointed as I wanted
to do that to him as a little Christmas present. When they eventually came
downstairs breakfast was just about ready and we all sat there, naked, eating
and talking about lots of different things. Vicky asked if we still had the
'wonderful fucking machine' and when Jon said that we had, she asked if she
could use it. Jon just said, "later."  After breakfast Vicky and me started
getting things ready for dinner while Jon disappeared. An hour later he returned
and called us into the lounge. He told us that he had planned to give me one of
the deepest, most intense orgasm that I would ever have as a Christmas present.
It was to be slowly built-up throughout the day as a mixture of pain, pleasure
and frustration. He told me to resist having an orgasm all day, and to tell him
if I got anywhere near having one. Vicky hadn't been part of his original plan,
but since she was here then he would make it a 'double act'.

To start off with, Vicky and me had to spank each other 50 times as hard as we
could. This was to be administered while we were over Jon's knee. I think that
he wanted us to feel his hard dick pressing into our stomach as it was
happening. I was the first over Jon's knee and Vicky really did try hard. By the
time I had said, "30 - thank you" my juices were starting to flow and Vicky
eased off a bit in the forties. On the last couple her fingers were starting to
linger on my pussy before she pulled her hand away. My backside wasn't too
painful at the end and I hadn't needed to cry.

Next it was Vicky's turn and she gave a little moan of pleasure as she pressed
her stomach onto Jon's hard dick. Without being told, she opened her legs so
that my hand would be able to get at her pussy easily. I think that she was
hoping that I would concentrate on fingering her pussy rather than on the
spanking. Vicky didn't count the strokes so I did. I wasn't going to give her an
easy time and by the time I got to 25 my hand was really hurting. I stared to
slow down but tried to direct my hand so that my fingers went round her cheek
and onto her pussy.  By the time I had delivered 40 spanks I had developed the
art of moving my hand after it had landed so that a finger went into her pussy
before my hand came away. I knew that Vicky had noticed it but I didn't know if
Jon had. He didn't say anything. When Vicky stood up there were tears in her
eyes, but at the same time she gave me a 'knowing' smile.

Jon still had his hard-on and he said that one of us would have to do something
about it. He kept looking at us both, but in the end he let me give him a
blowjob to relive his pressures. I was down on my knees in front of him and he
was really trying to get his dick as far down my throat as he could. At one
point I was having a bit of difficulty breathing, but that soon changed when he
shot his load straight down my throat. I didn't even get the chance to taste it.

It was then back to the Christmas dinner, but Jon brought us both a glass of
wine. When everything was cooking nicely Jon decided that it was time for the
next round. He had us both put our Ben Wa ball in their proper place, and told
us to run up and down the stairs 10 times.  Boy, did that get me excited. I was
glad that it wasn't 20, I was nearly ready to cum after the 10.

Just as we were about to sit down to dinner Jon told me to replace Ben with the
remote controlled vibe. All through  the meal he played with the control and got
me so close to cumming that I only just managed to tell him to stop. I had that
familiar feeling deep inside me that was threatening to explode out. Eating just
seemed to push the feeling deeper inside me, but my pussy was leaving a pool of
my juices on the chair. Every time I shuffled about there was a squelching
sound. When we stopped eating Jon told me to stand-up with my legs apart and he
used his fingers to find and remove the vibe. Fortunately it didn't take him
long otherwise I would have cum.

Vicky volunteered to do the washing-up while Jon took me upstairs and into the
punishment room. He strapped me onto the top part of the 'T' with my feet to the
legs. I couldn't move, and my spread pussy was there waiting for some action.
The action that it got was Jon with first the tawse, then the cane. I can't
remember how many strokes I counted but my backside thought that it was on fire.
Jon's an expert with the cane and the end of it must have reached my pussy about
a dozen times. I was crying and almost screaming. My pussy was on fire and my
juices just seemed to make it burn all the more. I was so close to cumming it
was unbelievable. Just as I thought that I couldn't hold it any more, Vicky came
into the room and Jon stopped. Vicky said that I didn't look too good and asked
if I was OK. I tried to say "yes" but the word wouldn't come out. In the end I
just nodded.

Jon decided that he needed to let me calm down for a while and while he left me
where I was he told Vicky that it was time for her to get re-acquainted with the
fucking machine. While she went and got a chair he sorted out the ropes and when
she came back he tied her wrists and told her to get on. Vicky climbed on and
slowly impaled herself on the big dildo. Her pussy was just inches from my face
and I could see every detail as she went down. She gave a big sigh as she
reached the bottom. Jon adjusted the ropes and then switched on the motor. To
start off with he set the motor to run very slowly and it seemed to take ages
for her to rise up so that the dildo was just out of her before she started to
go down again. Jon left us alone for about 5 minutes before coming back and
increasing the motors speed.

Vicky was starting to get quite worked-up and her juices were down to her knees.
Unless Jon switched off the motor I could see that Vicky was going to cum long
before me. The sweet fragrance of her pussy was stopping me from relaxing. Jon
left Vicky and turned his attentions to me again. He gave me 10 more strokes
with the cane, and I was crying again after the seconds stroke. By the 10th I
was so close to cuming that I had to beg him to stop. Just as he did stop Vicky
gave out a loud scream and shuddered as she reached the bottom of the dildo. 
The motor just kept going and up she went again.

Jon ignore her and un-strapped me. I collapsed to the floor and felt the pain as
my backside hit the floor. Jon lifted me across the floor so that I was
spread-eagle under the ropes that were dangling from the ceiling. He then
strapped these to my wrists and ankles and hauled me up to about his waist
height. Thankfully he had already attached the supporting straps for my waist
and neck. There I was hanging about 3 feet in the air with my arms and legs as
wide as they possibly could be. Out of the corner of my eye I could see Vicky
still going up and down on the dildo. She had tears in her eyes but a smile on
her face.

Jon got the remote controlled vibe and pushed it into me. I say pushed, but I'm
sure that my pussy nearly sucked it out of his hand. He switched it onto low
speed and left the room. When he came back five minutes later Vicky was just
having her second orgasm and I was about to have my first. Jon saw the
expression on my face and switched the vibe off. So close, yet so far away.

It was then that I saw a strange looking object in Jon's hand. It was a bit like
a big pair of pliers with a spiked wheel on the end. I'd never seen one of those
before (I later found out that it was a Leather workers hole punch). At the time
I'd no idea what it was for and was a bit surprised when Jon started playing
with it and my pussy lips. All of a sudden there was a bolt of pain coming from
my labia. That pain made me cum. I felt like I was exploding as my body danced
about at the end of those ropes. I was just starting to calm down when it
happened again, both the pain and the orgasm. Two within a couple of minutes.
Jon later told me that my pussy actually squirted out some of my juices both
times that I came.

Jon continued doing something to my pussy, but I didn't know what, and when he
finished he switched the vibe back on and left us again. What seemed like hours
later he came back. Vicky had cum another twice and her head was hanging down. I
had only cum another once, but I was shattered. Jon switched everything off and
lifted Vicky off the dildo. He carried her out and lay her on his bed. He then
came back for me and after lowering me to the floor he carried me to his bed and
lay me beside Vicky. Within seconds I was asleep.

Two hours later I woke up as Vicky was climbing off the bed. We quickly decided
that we needed a shower. As I pulled my legs off the bed I saw something on my
pussy. When I looked closer there were 2 gold rings about half an inch across,
one hanging from each of my pussy lips. Jon had used the 'pliers' to pierce each
of my labia and they now had 'sleepers' in them.  There was dried blood all
round my pussy. Walking was quite painful although the warm shower did help.
Neither of us said anything as we showered, and we both went back to bed as soon
as we had dried ourselves.

It was late at night when I woke up and woke Vicky. We were both still tired,
but hungry. We both complained about sore pussies as we went down stairs. My
backside hurt like hell as well.  Jon was watching TV when we found him, and he
immediately got up and told us to sit (or lay) down while he got us some food
and drink. We both agreed that we had never had so much pleasure at one session
before. We both thanked Jon for our Christmas presents.

Saturday December 26
It was late when Vicky and me woke up (we had both slept in Jon's bed while he
slept in mine). It didn't hurt so much when I moved, and we both explored my
Christmas present it hurt like hell when I moved them. We all had a lazy day
eating, drinking, talking and watching the TV too much. It hurt too much
whenever I tried to move my new rings. Nothing else really happened apart from
Jon sleeping with (and presumably fucking) Vicky. 

Sunday December 27
Jon was up bright and early and told us to get up as well. Surprisingly enough,
my pussy ring holes had healed quite a bit over night and it didn't hurt much at
all when I moved my rings around, but it still hurt a bit when I gently pulled
on them. Straight after breakfast he took us to the Hotel Leisure Centre. We hit
the gym first. Jon told me to wear only my white leotard, the one with the
T-back. That meant that my bum cheeks were totally exposed. Vicky wore my white
lycra bikini bottoms and a T-shirt. I got one of the male members of staff
staring at me as we walked through the reception area into the gym and I
wondered if one of my rings had 'escaped' out of the side of the crotch. It was
still quite early and there was no one else in there. Jon told us what exercise
machines to use, and before long the leotard had lost its self inside my pussy
lips. The same had happened with my bikini bottoms on Vicky. So much so that Jon
told Vicky to take them off. There was no one else in there so it was only us
that she was flashing her pussy to. She looked good on the machine that you have
to push your legs as wide apart as you can, and she said that she really enjoyed
the cycling machine.

Jon kept us there for about an hour before deciding to go. A man came in just
before Jon told us we were leaving and I was a little surprised that he didn't
want to keep us there longer so that we could get the poor man's heart beating
even faster. Vicky wasn't too happy about walking back through the hotel's
reception with her bum cheeks and pussy just visible at the bottom of the
T-shirt, but Jon said if anyone was going to be noticed then it would be me with
my pussy lips and rings showing. As it turned out no one seemed to notice us.
I'm coming to the conclusion that most people are just so wrapped up in their
own little worlds that they don't notice what's going on around them.

We got changed, well Vicky put my white lycra bikini on, and we went for a swim.
Jon had put on a pair of his fine mesh undies on and I could clearly see his
dick through the mesh. There was only an old man and a young couple in the pool
and the young man had a good look at Vicky and me as we got in the water. We
swam up and down and generally messed about for about half an hour before Jon
told us that we were going into the jacuzzi. As we got out of the water I could
clearly see Vicky's nipples and one pussy lip through the now nearly transparent
thin white lycra. I say one pussy lip as the other one had come out of the side
of the crotch of the bikini bottoms. When I looked down at my front I could see
my 2 hard nipples were visible through the thin leotard, and both my pussy lips
and rings were out. The material had disappeared right into my pussy. Jon was
just as bad, he had a hard-on and his undies were hiding nothing.

The young couple were in the jacuzzi and as we walked to it they stared then
smiled as we climbed in. The woman eyes opened wide when she saw Jon's dick. We
got chatting and it turns out that they were staying in the hotel. They were
obviously so much in love and kept kissing each other. I couldn't see what they
were doing under the bubbles but the expressions on their faces told me that
something was going on. Jon had pulled me onto his lap and I sat facing Vicky as
he pulled the crotch on my leotard to one side and then lifted me onto his dick. 
It hurt a bit as his dick pushed against my rings as he entered me.

The main bubbles stopped for a couple of minutes and through the small bubbles I
could see that the man was finger-fucking the woman while he kissed her. I think
that Vicky was feeling a bit left out of things because after a few minutes I
saw her hand go under the water and to her pussy. We stayed there for ages with
no one else coming into the pool or the jacuzzi.  Eventually (and after Jon had
shot his load into me), we got out and went up to the sauna.  There was no one
in there either so Jon told us to strip off. We were all laid there when the
couple came in about 5 minutes later. When they saw us all naked they too
stripped of. The woman asked the man if he had seen any signs saying that it was
'clothes optional' and said, "No, but there again there weren't any saying it
wasn't."

The man had a dick that wasn't as big as Jon's and he had a big bush of black
hair all round it.  The woman had big floppy breasts with small dark nipples
that looked very hard. Her pussy was surrounded with masses of black hair, but
when she lifted her feet up onto the bench I could see a nice little clit
peeping out of her pink lips. Vicky and me were lying on the bench when they
came in, and the woman sat at my feet. I had to sit up with my feet still on the
bench facing her for there to be enough room for them. The man sat on the other
side of her facing her with his feet up on the bench, and as he looked at her he
could see past her and me. As my legs weren't together he could see my pussy
quite clearly. When I realised this I decided to have a bit of fun and opened my
legs a bit more. I also kept slowly licking my lips.

The man and the woman were talking about their weekend in the Hotel, bit I could
see that the man was looking at me a lot. Mixed in with the sweat that was
running down my body was Jon's jism that was still seeping out of me. It was
having the desired effect on the man and I could see hid dick starting to rise.
It was full hard-on when the woman noticed and told him that they were going for
a shower. Jon hadn't been taking any notice of all this, but Vicky had, and when
they went out she said, "I saw you, enjoy doing that to men do you?" "Yes I do,
it's great the power that a woman has over a man." I said. "Not ALL men" Jon
said. Vicky said, "Vanessa doesn't have that effect on you because you see her
naked every day, but you must admit that if an attractive naked woman started
doing things like Vanessa did in front of you, then you'd get a hard-on as
well." "I certainly would," Jon said, "and that's why I like my women to tease
other men. I bet that a lot of women like watching men play with themselves as
well." Both Vicky and me said, "I do" at exactly the same time.

That made us all laugh a bit, then Vicky said, "That couple are having a long
shower - together." Jon said, "I bet he's fucking her in there." Vicky looked
out and said, "You're probably right, I can see one of her feet sticking out of
the curtain - at about his waist height." "Good for them" Jon said. A few
minutes later they came back in and sat in the reverse positions. This time it
was the woman who was looking straight at my pussy. I wanted to see what
reaction I would get from her so I started letting my hand wander all over my
body.  Needles to say that they lingered on my breasts and nipples and explored
my pussy. I was gently pulling my lips apart with the rings.  I could see her
opening her knees slowly as she watched me. When they got wide enough I could
see her swollen pink lips in the middle of all that black hair, with a little
dark pink clit in the middle.

Encouraged by her actions I started playing with my own clit. I quickly let my
eyes wander around the sauna and saw that Jon's dick was getting hard again, and
that Vicky was playing with her pussy as well. As I looked back at the woman I
saw her hands go round her thighs and part her pussy even more. Her man was
looking down at her pussy and his dick was starting to rise. Shortly after that
Vicky let out a moan. She had cum. Jon said, "Vicky, your turn, come and sit on
this" pointing to his dick that was pointing to the ceiling.

Taking that as a que the woman got off the bench and then backed onto her man's
now erect dick. There was now 2 couples fucking in there, and me just frigging
myself. I felt a bit left out of it, but I knew that it wouldn't be long before
Jon was fucking me. The man came first and he pulled the woman back onto him.
Shortly after that Jon did the same with Vicky. There was a long silence as
everyone let their sexual frenzy calm down. After a couple of minutes the man
lifted the woman off his now floppy dick. They got up to leave and Jon said,
"Come on, it's getting too hot for me," and we followed them out into the open
area.

Just as the man and woman started to put on their hotel towelling bathrobes, a
young female staff member walked in. She stopped dead in her tracks when she
realised that she was looking at 5 naked people. After taking in everything she
was looking at she started to say, "You're not supposed to .." But then changed
her mind and continued "Oh what the hell!" and she walked on through to the pool
area. The man and woman left and Vicky and me went into the ladies changing
room. We had a shower, dried ourselves and put our coats on and went to meet Jon
in the reception area. As we were waiting, the staff girl was whispering to some
of her colleagues and pointing to us. I said to Vicky "They're talking about
us." "So what!" Vicky said just as Jon walked up to us.

Back home I got the dinner ready and then we watched TV for a few hours before
Vicky said that she had to go back home. Apparently she had promised one of her
flat mates that she would go somewhere with her on the Monday. Jon drove Vicky
back to Nottingham and didn't get back until late.   




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing December 28
Monday - Jon took me to Birmingham shopping. I had to wear just shoes and my
coat and it was quite cold walking around outside. Jon bought me 3 sweaters that
all went down to just cover my bum. One was very tight, but the other 2 were a
lot looser and thicker. One was a 'V' neck and when I bent over in front of a
mirror I could see my tits and all down the front of my body. As you probably
guessed, Jon had me try each one on (and a lot more that we didn't buy) and then
come out of the changing rooms to show him what they looked like. He even had me
bending over in them, which gave one or two people a good look at my bare ass.
There was only one other 'interesting' incident. When I was in the changing
rooms in one shop I had just taken my coat off and was standing there naked
taking the sweater off its hanger when the curtain opened and a young woman shop
assistant said, "Oops sorry, I didn't think that there was anyone in here." Her
eyes were looking me up and down as she continued, "Is everything alright in
here?"  When I said, "Yes, thank you," she said, "Yes, I can see it is, if you
need any help, please let me know." She stood there for what seemed like a full
minute, staring at my pussy before backing out and closing the curtain.Jon also
bought me 3 pairs of black lycra tights to wear with the sweaters. These took
some finding as Jon wanted them to be all the same thickness right up to the
waist, and thin enough so that they were see-through if you did any more than
glance at me. When we got home and I tried them on I felt strange at first, I
hadn't worn trousers, leggings or tights (only stockings) for almost a year.
They took a bit of getting used to, Jon told me that they were only to be worn
when I was going to be outside in the cold for a long time. The rest of the time
it was to be just a dress or sweater, and / or my coat.

Tuesday - Jon took me to the Sales and he bought me a couple of skirts and tops
and himself a new suit. Nothing exciting happened in the changing rooms.

Wednesday, Thursday - Jon had to go into work so I didn't see much of him until
Thursday teatime.  When I was in the shower on the Wednesday morning I noticed
that the holes in labia had now healed completely and the only pain is when the
rings are pulled. I asked Jon if he had thought about piercing me elsewhere,
like my clit or nipples. He said that he had thought about it quite a lot, but
with both my nipples and my clit being so big and hard he didn't want to
interfere with the beauty of them in any way at all. I was pleased that Jon was
happy with my nipples and clit, but at the same time I was a little bit
disappointed that I wasn't going to get them pierced. With rings in them I would
have been able to pull them easier, and perhaps make them even bigger.

That evening Jon took me to a New Year Eve's party at the house of one of his
friends. I had to wear my short silky dress, the one that hangs out from my
chest letting anyone who looks down the front or sides see all my tits. With it
Jon had me wear my dog collar. I hadn't worn it for a while and it felt a bit
strange. I got a couple of comments about it but I just ignored them. Jon spent
a lot of the time talking to other people and I had a lot of the men talking and
dancing with me. As the booze flowed some of the men got a bit more adventurous
and kept finding excuses to put their hands on me. At first I pushed their hands
off, but as I pushed one hand off I saw Jon looking at me and shaking his head.
He wanted me to let them grope me, so I did. It didn't take them long to realise
what they could get away with. Most of them were a quick chat and grope then
back to their wives or girlfriends, but a couple of the un-attached men kept
coming back to me. For some strange reason, one of them kept dropping things on
the floor and asking me to pick them up for him. I wasn't sure if he was trying
to look down my front or give his mate behind me a good look at my ass.
Whatever, I was starting to enjoy it.

One of them tried to talk me into going upstairs with him, but I knew that Jon
would not be happy with that so I told him that 'having a grope downstairs was
one thing, but going upstairs for a fuck was out of the question'. He seemed a
little surprised by my words, but within seconds his hand moved from my bum
outside my dress to my pussy under my dress. His eyes lit up for a second when
he realised that I didn't have any knickers on, and he smiled when he found my
wet pussy.

As the night wore on and people got a little 'happier', someone suggested a some
party games.  The men seemed to take that as drinking games. One or two of the
women joined in, but eventually one of the women suggested a game of Twister.
When she said that it had nothing to do with drinking I said that I would join
in. Little did I realise what was involved, and it wasn't long before bodies
were twisted into all sorts of weird positions. You can just imaging what I was
showing wearing only that dress. At times there were faces right in front of my
chest and even between my legs (both men and women). One time when we all
collapsed a hand was playing with my clit and a finger went in my hole for a few
seconds. The thing was, I couldn't see who that are was attached to.

This game went on for ages, and I seemed to be the only one that played in each
session. I enjoyed it, it was a good laugh, and I got a thrill out of knowing
that so many people were looking at my naked bits. No one said anything, maybe
that was because just about everyone there had had enough to drink to make them
relax.

Friday - I woke up at lunchtime in Jon's bed. I don't remember the last part of
the party, or coming home. The dampness of my pussy told me that Jon had fucked
me, but I can't remember any of it. Jon was still asleep when I got up and we
spent the rest of the day getting over our hangovers.

Saturday January 2 and Sunday January 3
Another quiet day, nothing of any interest happened all weekend.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing January 4
A very quiet week, the weather was typical British weather - cold, wet and
windy. I went shopping, but had to wear a jumper as well as my coat. I didn't
see anyone that I knew, and wasn't really bothered. I couldn't seem to find the
enthusiasm.

Saturday January 9
The central heating wasn't working when we got up and I had to wear some clothes
to keep warm. It was the first time that I had worn clothes in the house (apart
from when getting ready to go out, or just having come home) for months, and it
felt a bit strange at first. Jon tried to get someone to come and look at it,
but no one would come until the Monday morning.  Jon took me to a pub for a meal
that night, and it was good to get warm, but nothing exciting happened.

Sunday January 10
Another cold day - quite boring really.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing January 11
Monday - A heating engineer arrived mid morning and didn't take long to fix the
heating. I had been wearing just one on my big woolly jumpers and when I had
take him upstairs to show him where the hot water tank was he followed me up the
stairs. Just as we got near the top he said 'It doesn't feel that cold to me, in
fact I'm quite warm at the moment.' I presumed that he was looking at my bare
ass sticking out of the bottom of the sweater. In a way I was looking for other
ways of flashing him my body, but no opportunities came up and it wasn't long
before he was gone.

Tuesday - Jon came home in a foul mood and found a nothing excuse to tan my
backside. By the time he had finished I was in tears and close to cumming, but
he just left it at that. I had to finish the job myself when I went to bed.

Thursday - Aerobics started again and I had been looking forward to seeing Jenny
again. I was disappointed when it was another woman who was taking the class.
She was a lot older and seemed a bit aloof. When I asked her where Jenny was she
just said that she had taken over the class and Jenny wouldn't be back. Her
facial expression told me that she didn't approve of what I was wearing - only
my white 'T' back leotard. A couple of times I spotted one of the men staring at
me, but things just weren't the same. I decided not to go back the next week.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing April 23
Friday April 23 - no, there's nothing missing.

Jon surprised me when I got up. He told me that since I had now worked for him
for a full year, we were going to celebrate by having a long weekend in London.
I packed our bags and we caught a mid morning train to London. It was quite
quiet on the train and Jon took me to a carriage that was empty. Jon told me
that we were going to have a great time and that there would be lots for me to
write about in this journal. It was then that I thought that I had better admit
that I hadn't been keeping the journal up to date. Jon was not happy, and I had
to stand up, take my dress off and bend over the table while he gave me 100
strokes with his hand. He said that that was just for starters, and that there
would be more later.

Fortunately (or unfortunately), no one came into the carriage before Jon told me
to put my dress back on. But I was thinking about what they would think if
someone had of come in and seen me naked, bent over a table in a moving train,
getting my ass whipped. As I was thinking about it I could feel my juices
starting to wet my pussy.

When we got to London we had to go to the centre on the underground. Some of the
escalators in the underground are quite steep and long, and with Jon being in
front of me I'm sure that a few people were getting a good look at my bare arse.
On one of them I looked round a couple of times and the first time I saw a
young(ish) man a couple of steps behind me. When I looked round again he was a
couple more steps behind me and staring right at my ass. I smiled to myself and
opened my legs so that he could see more of my pussy, and just for good measure
I bent forward slightly. I was going to enjoy riding on the London underground.

In the hotel we were given a nice big room. Jon immediately opened the net
curtains and I could see across the street into a busy office. Before I could do
anything else, Jon told me to take my dress of, stand in front of the window and
let him know when someone started staring at me. It wasn't long before first one
man, then a whole group of men and women were looking across the street at me.
When I told Jon he told me to turn round and bend over the chair that he placed
behind me. I then had to open my legs wide while he gave me 10 strokes with the
tawse. I hadn't packed it, so Jon must have put it in the bags afterwards. After
5 Jon told me to stand up and look at my audience across the street. A couple of
them started clapping their hands as they saw me looking at them. After the
second 5 I had to stand facing them with my feet about 2 feet apart, for a full
5 minutes before Jon told me to get cleaned up and put a dress on. As I moved
away from the window I gave my audience a little wave.

Jon took me out for some food and then onto the underground where we rode right
round the circle line getting on and off and going up the excalators, then back
down again. Jon told me to pretend that I wasn't with him, and to see how many
people I could flash. Each time I got onto the trains I sat opposite a
'candidate' and left my knees open. Under Jon's instructions I last crossed my
legs when I started working for him, but on the trains I wanted to make it easy
for my 'victim' to get a good look at my pussy. With a dress that only just
covers my ass when I'm stood up, sitting down with my knees a good few inches
apart makes it easy for someone sitting opposite to get a real good look at my
pussy, and sometimes even the rings in my pussy lips. Sitting down was a bit
painful at first, but my backside soon got used to the pain. I lost count of the
number of people who looked at my pussy. I remember that it was mainly the men
and young women that stared at it. The women and some of the older men seemed to
be a bit embarrassed about it.  

As time went on more and more people used the trains. As the schools were
throwing out I got lots of interest from teenage boys and I'm sure that a couple
of them followed me up and down the escalators and trains for a while. My pussy
was getting wetter and wetter, and the tingling was getting stronger and
stronger.

Round about 4 pm it got to the stage where there was only standing room and Jon
told me to stand near the doors. I was beginning to think that the afternoon's
fun was over because I hadn't been able to flash anyone for about 10 minutes
when we got onto another train that was very crowded. I was squashed in the
middle of a group of men in suits when I felt a hand on the top of my thigh.
There was no way that I could have moved if even if I'd wanted to.  After a
couple of seconds the hand moved round to my bum and then slowly between my
cheeks to my pussy. I bet the man thought he was in heaven when he realised that
I didn't have any knickers on. I bet he had a right hard-on as he slipped a
finger into my pussy. He had just started moving his finger in and out as the
train stopped in a station. I looked at Jon to see if we were getting out, and a
quick shake of his head told me to stay put. The man's hand disappeared as
people started moving and I looked round to see if I could work out which of the
men had been fingering me. I didn't know whether to look for a guilty face or
bulging trousers.

Before I could work out who it was the compartment got even more crowded and the
train moved off. Within seconds the hand was back. This time it didn't waste any
time and went straight into my pussy - from the front. The force and speed made
me gasp a little before I opened my legs a bit to make it better for both of us.
As the train got to the next station I was just starting to cum and had gone
over the edge as people started to get out. I looked over to Jon who told me
that we were getting off. As we were doing so, I looked round and saw a man with
a big smile on his face and a shiny finger in front of his nose.

This time Jon took me out of the station. We were in a place called Kentish Town
and Jon took me along the road to a place called Rios. As we were getting close
Jon told me to ignore him once we got inside, and to take my lead by looking at
him. When I asked him what the place was he just said, "wait and see." After
paying the money and being given a towel each,  we went through a door into a
grotty looking changing room where there were 2 fat middle-aged men there
getting dressed and talking. As I walked in they stopped talking and looked at
each other then back to me. Jon started getting undressed, putting his clothes
into a locker, so I did the same. You should have seen the 2 men's faces as I
just whipped my dress over my head leaving them staring at my naked body. I just
stood there facing them as I folded my dress and put it in Jon's locker. Jon
locked the locker and walked out so I smiled at the men and followed Jon.

From the changing room we went into a big room that had lots of sun-loungers, a
TV and a bar at one end. There were a few men laying on the beds watching TV or
reading. They all had only towels on. In the bar were more men (again with only
towels round their waists), one middle-aged woman with a towel round her (top as
well), and 2 women behind the bar. They were in their twenties and one was
wearing just a sarong round her waist and the other a towel round her waist.
Both had huge breasts. We went through that room to a room that had a seating
area, 2 bigish jacuzzis and a sauna. I decided to get into one of them and Jon
went into the sauna.

While I was relaxing in the warm bubbly water I noticed that the place must have
had about 30 men and no more than 4 or 5 women in there. The most that any of
the women were showing (except me) was their breasts, and they were all a lot
bigger than mine. Just about all of the men kept their towels wrapped round
themselves apart from when they got into some water. Some of the men that did
walk around in the nude had dicks so small that it was hard to see them through
their pubic hair. And the size of some of the beer-guts!!!! The warm water was
very soothing on my backside that still hurt a bit. I wondered if I still had
any red marks on it, and if I did, what anyone who noticed them would think.

After a few minutes I decided to get out and go for a walk round to see what
else there was there. There was a small swimming pool, a very large jacuzzi, a
small workout room, another sauna, a steam room, showers and you could get
outside to where there were a few sun-loungers. As I was walking round most of
the men had a good stare at me. I decided that I would go and sit at one of the
tables and read one of the newspapers that was laying around. I positioned
myself so that my back was to a wall and I was facing the main seating area.
With my knees open about a foot I lounged back in the chair and started reading.
I held the paper so that my face was partially covered so that people would
think that I couldn't see them if they looked at me. It wasn't long before a man
came and sat in a position that would give him a good view. I kept glancing up
and shuffling in the chair knowing that I was sliding further down the chair and
my legs were getting wider apart. One time when I looked up I saw Jon walking
past with a big grin on his face. He was obviously pleased with my
'performance'. After a while I got up and walked past the man. He stared
straight at me and made no attempt to hide the 'tent' that he was making under
his towel.

From there I went into one of the saunas. It was empty when I went in so I lay
down with my feet facing the door and my legs apart. It wasn't long before a
different man came in. He'd left his towel outside and was as naked as me. No,
that's not true, I had my 2 little gold rings in my pussy lips. He sat at the
end of the bench looking towards me. I pretended to be dozing with my eyes shut,
and ignored him. After a few minutes I scratched the inside of my thigh as if I
had an itch there. When I stopped scratching I left my hand there and 'toyed'
with one of my rings pretending that I didn't realise what I was doing. What I
was doing was pulling my pussy lips open a bit more and flicking my clit a bit.
Each time I touched my clit I pulled my stomach in a bit as if it was having
some effect on me. That bit wasn't pretending, it was getting me excited. When I
squinted out of my closed eyes I saw the man staring directly at my pussy. He
was playing with his erect dick. I just love it when a man gets a hard-on
watching me, it gets me more excited and makes me want to do more. It gives me a
feeling of power over those men. I closed my eyes tighter and smiled to myself.
If I wasn't careful I was going to cum just laying there thinking about the
effect I was having on him.

A couple of minutes later I felt something touch one of my feet and heard a
little grunt. I ignored it until a minute later when another man came in. I
looked up and saw the first man with his hands on his lap. He was obviously
trying to cover his hard-on. I looked down at my feet and saw some white creamy
liquid on one foot. The bugger had shot his load towards me.

The second man sat on the opposite bench meaning that he was looking at my side.
He was in his thirties, slim, with a big bush of black pubic hair and a
reasonable sized dick (soft) resting on his leg. A couple of minutes later the
door opened again and 3 more men came in and the first man went out. He still
had a semi hard-on that was bouncing about as he left. There wasn't that much
room in there by then so I sat up and swung my legs onto the floor. I was now
directly opposite the second man that had come in. The 3 newcomers had towels
round their waists and were talking to each other about some business deal or
other.

I was feeling quite randy and brave and decided to see what effect I could have
on the second man. I shuffled back on the bench and brought my feet up onto the
bench so that my knees were under my chin. I then put my arms round the my open
knees and held one wrist with the other hand. My slightly open bald pussy was
staring straight back at the second man. My head was bent forward and I was
looking at the floor, but if I moved my eyes up I could see right up to his
face. The sight of my pussy with my big hard clit and little gold rings was
beginning to have an effect on him and I could see his dick start to harden and
rise up. I guess that he didn't want the 3 men to see his dick so he put his
feet on the bench in the same way that I was sitting. This meant that his dick
was pointing to the ceiling between his thighs, the 3 men would not be able to
see unless they walked between us.

We were sat there for what seemed like ages, each of us staring at the others
genitals. His dick was quite big and circumcised like Jon's. He was using the
muscles in his dick to jerk it a bit. I was getting VERY randy and he must have
been able to see the juices seeping out of my hole.  If that had been Jon I
would have been begging him to fuck me. The sort of trance between us was broken
as the 3 men got up and left. I'm sure the man was going to say something, but
just as his mouth started to open, the door opened and Jon walked in. He was
still naked (as I would expect) and he sat along the bench from the other man.
We had ignored each other, but after a minute or so Jon said to me, "You look
like your ready for a bit of fun, can I fuck you?" The other man's eyes opened
wide, I don't think he believed what he heard. His eyes went wider when I
replied, "Yes please, I didn't think that anyone was going to ask me."  I bet
the other man was really kicking himself.

Jon stood up and walked in-between me and the man. He stood facing me and I
grabbed his dick. Within seconds it was hard enough to enter me and I put it at
the entrance. Fortunately the bench was at a height where Jon could easily fuck
me and he went in and out for about a minute before we both came. In a way I was
surprised that I didn't cum before Jon, I was very close to it before he came
in. Jon pulled out and sat down beside me, his wet dick starting to go down.
When it was soft he stood up, said, "thanks love" and walked out. The other
man's face was a picture. I don't know if he believed what he had just seen.
Before he had time to compose himself I got up and went out and had a shower.

Jon was still in the shower when I got there. He smiled at me then said, "Enjoy
that did you?  Meet me in the workout room in 10 minutes." As I walked out of
the shower I saw Jon sat reading a newspaper with his still semi erect dick
laying on his legs. I went for a swim before going to the workout room when Jon
walked through the pool area to get there. To start off with we were the only us
2 in there. There are only a handful of machines in there, but enough to get a
reasonable workout. Jon told me to try every one of them. By the time that I got
to the jogging machine another couple of men had appeared and I could see them
watching me as I bounced up and down as I was jogging. Anyone would have thought
that they had never seen a naked girl running on a treadmill before. My little
tits were bouncing up and down as best they could. It was more than enough to
make my nipples very hard. From the back of the room Jon motioned me to keep
going and I was really sweating before his hands told me to stop. All the time
the 2 men had hardly had any exercise at all - apart from their eyes and brains.

From there I went and had another shower and then went to the bar. Jon was on a
stool at the other end of the bar, but he told the girl behind the bar to get me
a drink. I took the drink and walked up to him and thanked him loudly in such a
way as to imply that we were strangers.  We chatted quietly for about 10
minutes. I told him all about the man in the sauna shooting his load at me. Jon
asked me to point him out, but he wasn't around. Jon thought it was funny.  From
there we went to the sun loungers to watch a bit of TV. Jon told me to lay on
one near the walkway with my feet on the floor at either side. Jon then sat at
the bottom of the sun lounger with his back to the walkway. This meant that
anyone walking passed would have a great view of my bald pussy and rings without
Jon being able to see whoever was looking. It also meant that Jon could slip the
fingers of his right hand into me when no one was looking.

As I lay there looking at the TV and the people at the bar Jon brought me to 2
orgasms. It didn't take much because I was still worked-up from before. All the
time I had to keep a smile on my face and look as if I was talking to Jon. Each
time someone walked by I had to tell Jon and he stopped frigging me. It was
surprising how many men walked up and down through that room, and even I could
smell the aroma of an excited pussy.

While we were in there 3 foreign teenage girls wearing bikinis came in. I say
foreign because they were talking in a language that I didn't understand. They
seemed a little surprised when they saw me and Jon,  I got the impression that
they didn't know that there would be naked people in there. After a few minutes
Jon told me to go and find them and see if I could let them have a good look at
my pussy. I found them in one of the steam rooms and I sat opposite them with my
legs apart. Although it was a steam room, visibility was quite good and it
wasn't long before one of them started looking at me and then obviously telling
her friends to look. They were obviously talking about me and they kept looking
at me. I wondered if any of their pussies were getting damp (from the inside
out).

When they left they went to the shower then into the big jacuzzi. There must
have been room for 50 people in there, but it wasn't as hot as the 2 smaller
ones. I went and found Jon and told him where they were. Jon told me to go there
too and that he would follow me in a bit. I was enjoying the bubbles and trying
to float on my back in there when Jon came in. He sat close to me then indicated
that he wanted me to  go to him. He told me to put a knee on the underwater
bench either side of him so that I was facing him. I knew exactly what he was
going to do, and when his dick got hard enough he pulled me down onto him. He
told me to lay back and continue my floating lessons, and he held one of his
hands under my back so that my breasts were just out of the water. The 3 girls
were all watching us, so was an old man that was in the other end of the
jacuzzi. Jon was bouncing me up and down and kept massaging one breast and
nipple with his spare hand.

It wasn't long before I felt Jon shoot his load into me and he lifted me off
him. I hadn't cum, but there again I'd had my share of orgasms that day. Jon
moved away from me and ignored me. I'm not sure if the girls realised that Jon
was with me or that they thought that he had just picked me up for a quick fuck.
Whatever, when Jon got out I left it for about 5 minutes before going looking
for him. I found him in the seating area and he told me that we were leaving. 
There was another man in the changing room and he watched my every move as I
towelled myself dry then put just a dress on. Out on the street it was dark and
we went back to the underground and caught a tube back to the hotel. The
underground was relatively quiet and I didn't get the opportunity to flash
anyone.

Back in the hotel room Jon was a bit disappointed to see that the offices over
the street were empty. We showered and changed and Jon took me out for a drink
and a meal. He told me to wear the remote vibe, my black pencil dress and
nothing else apart from shoes. We walked to a quiet little restaurant that had a
little bar for people waiting for tables. Jon started with the remote vibe
almost as soon as we got inside the place (London is so much warmer than the
midlands). Just as I was about to tell the waiter what I wanted to drink Jon
switched it on.  Although I should have guessed, it caught me by surprise and I
gasped just as I was about open my mouth. The waiter gave me a funny look as he
stood there waiting for me.

All during the meal Jon played his usual tricks with the on / off switch and his
timing, and brought me so close to an orgasm whenever a waiter was stood in
front of me. As usual when I sat down with the remote vibe in (and most other
times as well), I make sure that my dress is not between my butt and the seat. I
like to leave my pussy juices on the seat, not on my dress. That means that if I
don't strategically place a napkin, my bald pubic area is visible to anyone who
can look at my lap. Before we ordered our desserts Jon told me to place my
napkin on the table and leave it there until my dessert was arrived. The waiters
face was wonderful when he realises that he was looking at. He hung around for
as long as he could, and just to let him know that he was looking I smiled at
him and opened my legs a bit. The poor man was going bright red, and there was a
definite bulge in the front of his trousers.

All this time I was finding it hard to concentrate as Jon was getting me so
close to cumming.  Unfortunately Jon obviously didn't want me to cum and he
knows me well enough to know when to switch the vibe off. It was only going up
in the lift back to our room that he finally took me over the edge. The old
couple in the lift must have thought that I was ill or something as I held my
stomach and gasped when I came. When we got out of the lift Jon told me to take
my dress off, and I walked naked back to our room. No one saw us.

Saturday April 24
When I woke-up the sun was shining in through the window. Jon was awake and when
he realised that I was awake he told me to go and open the window and let some
fresh air in. The window hadn't been opened very often and it took me ages to
get it to open just a little bit. As I was struggling I noticed that there some
people in the offices opposite, and what's more, they'd noticed me. Two or three
men and women were watching a naked me. I told Jon and he just said 'take your
time and get it wide open.' I'm still not sure if he meant the window or me. 
Anyway after about 5 minutes I gave up, waved at them and went for a shower.

When I came out of the bathroom I got a bit of a surprise, Jon had called room
service, and a young girl was just unloading a trolley. She stopped and stared
at my naked body as I just stood in front of her. It was only when Jon said,
"haven't you seen a naked woman before" that she said, "sorry sir" and
continued. As she was leaving she looked back at me a couple of times. We slowly
ate breakfast with Jon deciding what we were going to do that day. Jon wanted
some more hot tea, I said that I would make some using the kettle in the room,
but Jon told me to ring room service. When it came Jon told me to open the door.
It was a young man who took his time looking at me. As he was going out of the
door I heard a girl's voice say "was she still in the nuddie then?" I didn't
close the door for a couple of seconds and I heard her say "what did you think
of the rings then?"

Jon took me shopping down Oxford Street in the morning and he bought me a couple
of dresses. One was a tight light blue, soft knitted one that really hugged my
shape. The shape of my nipples was really visible. The other one was in 2 parts
joined at the top. The outer part is made of a dark see-through net material
while the inner slip is flesh coloured. Jon told me that I have to put a lot of
large neat holes in that part, and shorten it so that it only just covers my bum
and pussy when I stand still.

All the shops and the street were absolutely crowded, I've never seen so many
people out shopping before. After a couple of hours or so we went to a Burger
King before Jon took me to a quieter part of town, to some smaller shops. To get
there we had to use the underground.  That was crowded as well, and there were
hundreds of youths going to a football match. We had to stand on the train and
we were surrounded by all these noisy youths singing and shouting. I was
sandwiched between 2 of them and it was only a couple of seconds after the doors
closed that I felt 2 hands groping me. One youth was probing at my pussy and the
other was running his hand up and down my bum. I was expecting that hand to go
down towards my pussy and I was wondering what would happen when the 2 hands
met. It never happened as the youths all got off at the next station leaving me
with a wet pussy.

I don't know where it was that Jon took me, but there were some unusual shops
there. One sold leather and rubber clothes and had some items like wrist and
ankle restraints. There was even a long leather whip fastened to the wall. The
staff were a man and a woman, both wearing leathers, the woman wore a leather
dog collar round her neck that looked exactly like mine. Jon asked if they had
any more bondage equipment that we could look at but the woman said that she was
sorry, but all their other items were only sold by mail  order. She gave Jon a
catalogue.

The next shop we went in was a dress shop. They had lots of clothes with not
much to them.  As soon as I realised that, I knew that Jon would want me to try
a lot of them on. We were lucky as well, the changing rooms were 3 cubicles in a
row in a separate room at the back of the shop. There was a largish area in
front of the cubicles with a long mirror and a couple of chairs for the men to
use while they waited for their wives or girlfriends to get changed. Jon
selected a couple of dresses and I chose a skirt and top, and we went into the
changing area.  As we were walking towards them Jon told me to only half close
the curtain and to make sure that I gave the man that was sat on one of the
chairs a good show.

I did as I was told and Jon sat next to the man. I hung up the clothes that I
was going to try on and then with my back to the half open curtain I bent down,
grabbed the hem of my dress and slowly lifted it right over my head. I was
looking in the mirror in front of me and I could see the man and Jon's faces as
my totally naked back came into view. The surprise on the man's face was great
as he realised that I wasn't wearing anything under my dress. It was then that I
realised that if I could see him in the mirror in front of me, then he could
probably see my front in the mirror. I turned to the hangers and hung-up my
dress before starting to unfasten a dress that Jon had selected. It was going to
be a tight fit getting into it so I had to undo the zip all the way down. As I
stepped into it I turned to face Jon and the man. Jon smiled so I smiled back
which caused the man to smile at me. The dress was tight, and short, it had
holes all over it, some were big enough for a hand to squeeze in. On bigish one
was just below my left breast and the bottom of my breast was clearly visible.
Another bigish one was on my stomach, showing that I wasn't wearing any
knickers.

Jon told me to come out of the cubicle and let him get a closer look at me. He'd
got up and was talking to me in front of the mirror when the man's partner came
out of her cubicle. She was wearing a dress that was nearly as short as the one
I had on, and it looked nice, but it wasn't as revealing as mine. The man got up
to talk to her and I saw that he had a big bulge in the front of his trousers. I
think that the woman must have seen it too because she giggled a bit and said,
"what have you been thinking about?" He didn't answer the question but commented
on how nice she looked. Jon squeezed  his hand into the hole on my stomach and
said (loudly), "these holes are big enough to get my hand in, look." Not only
did I look at what he was doing (holding my pubic bone with one finger
in-between the lips of my pussy) in the mirror, but the man and woman looked as
well. I jokingly said, "get off" and pulled back a bit. This caused the dress to
ride up a bit and I could see Jon's hand covering my pussy in the mirror. As he
pulled his hand out my whole pussy was clearly visible in the mirror. I tried to
see if the couple were still looking, but Jon was in the way.

Jon told me to go and try the other dress on so I went back into my cubicle and
took the dress off. From where I was I couldn't see the couple, but it wasn't
long before the man worked his way back so that he could see me. He was talking
to his woman while looking over to me. I was stood there naked, watching him and
Jon as I fiddled with the zip on the first dress, then the one I was going to
put on. The zip was only in the top of the skirt part, there was only a very low
cut front to the top part, and the skirt was flared out. The whole thing was
made out of very light material, and not a lot of it either. Just as I was
zipping up the skirt I heard the woman say "what are you looking at?" and her
face came into view. I walked out to Jon and he said, "nice, very nice." I had
to agree when I looked into the big mirror, it did look nice, and it was made of
a materiel that felt good as well. As I was looking in the mirror Jon said,
"bend over a bit." As I did the front of the dress fell forward and I could see
my breasts in the mirror.

I turned round and did the same again. This time I looked down first to see my
breasts again, then I looked beside and behind me into the mirror. I could see
all my backside and pussy in between. The woman had gone back into her cubicle,
but the man was staring at me. I smiled back at him and said, "nice isn't it!"
"It certainly is" he replied. I stood up again and Jon gently grabbed the 2
front parts of the top and pulled them away from me. The whole top was so lose
fitting that the gap seemed big enough for someone to drive a bus through.

Jon said that he really liked that one and told me to go and try the skirt and
top on. Within seconds I was in the cubicle and had unzipped and dropped the
dress. I was putting it back on the hanger (facing Jon and the man) when first
his woman came out, saw me and said, "now I understand"; then as they both
walked away, 2 girls in their late teens walked in. One of them saw me - naked
and full frontal, then look at Jon and then said, "I hope we're not interrupting
anything." Jon said, "No, carry on ladies." The skirt that I had brought in was
very low fitting, it only just covered my hips, and relied on them to keep it
up. When I zipped it up round my waist I just let it go and it settled nicely
round my hips. When I pulled it up to my waist again all my backside and pussy
were on view until I let go of it again. I thought that that was quite good and
went to show Jon. I was still pulling it up and letting go when one of the girls
came out of her cubicle. There I was, topless and flashing my bum and puss to
Jon. The girl stopped and looked at me for a second then went to look at herself
in the big mirror. Just as Jon told me to go and put the top on, the other girl
came out. She looked at me as well before turning to her mate.

The dresses that the girls had on were quite nice, but one of them was way too
small and her knickers were really showing through. As I was  putting the little
top on I heard one girl say "you won't be able to wear any knickers with that."
The reply was "nothing new there then!" When I got back out the girl with the
showing knickers was really showing them, they were in her hand. "That looks
better" the second girl said. There was no way that there was time for her to go
into her cubicle and take them off so she must have taken them off out in the
open in front of Jon. I guess that she must have thought that if I was naked out
there, then her slipping her knickers of was nothing to worry about. Quite right
too.

Jon wasn't happy with the skirt and top and told me to put the backless dress on
again. He also told me to get it and change out there. Just as I was stepping
into it another man and woman came into the area. I watched the man's face and
trousers as they stood and watched us for a few seconds before the woman said,
"I think we'll come back later." As she virtually pulled the man out of there I
could see that the sight of my naked body was having the expected effect on him.
I was starting to get a bit excited as well and I could feel that familiar
dampness in my pussy. I put the dress back on and whilst I was doing a couple of
twirls for Jon I noticed that the girl who hadn't taken her knickers off had
changed into another dress. It was a lot shorter and as she stood in front of
the mirror I could see that she had now taken her knickers off as I could see
some of her black pussy hairs as she leaned slightly forward. Jon had seen as
well.

Jon told me to get back into my clothes (I was only wearing one of my big woolly
jumpers) and he bought me the backless dress. Time was getting on and we went
back to the Hotel where Jon gave me another instalment of punishment for not
keeping this journal up to date. My backside hurt quite a bit after the 20
strokes of the tawse. I managed to avoid crying, but some juices did come out of
my body - my pussy. I couldn't stop thinking about being groped on the
underground that morning.

That evening Jon took me to the theatre. Jon really enjoyed it but I wasn't that
impressed. I wore my new backless dress and I'm sure that a lot of people got a
good look at my 'interesting' bits as I squeezed along the aisles to get to my
seat. During the interval we went to the bar for a drink, there were quite a
number of other women all dressed up, bit I think that my dress was the most
revealing.

We had to go to the theatre on the underground, and after the show and a nice
meal we headed back to the hotel the same way we went. It was late and the
trains weren't very busy which gave Jon an idea. We were on the central line and
Jon stopped me when I stood up to get off at our station. He waited until our
carriage was empty then got me to kneel either side of him, facing him. As I was
getting on him he got his dick out and lowered me onto it. We went through 2
stations like that before a young woman got into our carriage. Jon was holding
me steady and to all intent and purpose we were just kissing. The woman sat at
the other end of the carriage but I could see her looking at us and it wasn't
long before I was going up and down on Jon again. We both came just as the train
arrived at the next station and at that time I wouldn't have cared if half of
London had got on the train.

No one got on, and Jon lifted me off as we moved out of the station. Jon wasn't
finished with me and I had to bend over and lick his dick clean before he told
me to sit down. When I did I realised that the woman was still looking and must
have been able to see all my backside and pussy as I licked Jon. As I sat
opposite Jon while the train was going round the circle and back to our station
I could feel all my (and Jon's) juices leaking out of me and onto the seat. It
was then that I noticed a sign saying that the trains were monitored by closed
circuit television. I smiled as I wondered if anyone had been watching us on a
TV somewhere.

Sunday April 25
I woke up early and found that Jon was already up. It was 7 o'clock when Jon
told me to put on the hotel robe and follow him down to the hotel leisure centre
which consisted of a little swimming pool, a jacuzzi and a couple of workout
machines in a separate room. I was wondering what we were going to do about
swimming costumes but when we got there, there was no one else there I asked Jon
about it and he said that the place was unmanned but monitored by a couple of
CCTV cameras. He said that as long as we were quick we would probably get away
with a naked swim. Jon took me into the gents changing rooms where we left our
robes and quickly went out and jumped into the pool. After about 10 minutes of
going up and down Jon got out and told me that we were getting into the jacuzzi.
It was lovely and warm and I nearly dozed off.

A while later a group of Japanese teenagers came in and went into the changing
rooms. I was wondering what Jon would do, but he said nothing. When the Japs
came out, most of them went into the pool, but one girl came into the jacuzzi.
Shortly afterwards Jon pulled me onto his lap and started kissing me. The only
problem was that I was higher up and my tits were out of the bubbles. Jon gave
my right nipple a quick tweak which made them stand to attention. I glanced over
to the girl and saw that she was watching us. As I looked back a Jon I saw that
he had seen her as well. I think the exhibitionist bit in Jon came out because I
could feel his dick getting hard. He lifted me onto his dick and started playing
with one of my tits while he continued to kiss me. Jon was lifting me up and
down a bit and the girl must have known what we were doing.

After a while Jon came and we just sat there as I felt his dick start to go
soft. Before it slipped out on its own, Jon said, "come on, let's go" and lifted
me up. When we were stood up I saw that Jon's dick was still a bit hard. He was
right in front of the Jap girl with his dick about a foot from her face. She was
staring right at it. As we walked to the changing rooms I noticed that all the
other Japs had stopped swimming and were looking at us. We grabbed a couple of
towels from the pile at the entrance to the changing rooms and went into the
gents. As we were drying ourselves a middle-aged man came in and looked a bit
shocked when he saw a naked woman in there. It didn't stop him looking at me
though. We put our robes on but didn't tie the belts and walked out with them
hanging open. Two of the Jap boys were at the end of the pool as we passed and
they stared at us as we walked out.

We didn't see anyone as we walked to the lift, but when the doors shut us in it,
Jon told me to give him my robe and I had to walk back to our room naked. Two
people saw me, one was an old man who was busy reading a newspaper as he walked
and although he looked up to say "good morning" he went straight back to his
paper as if it was normal for him to meet naked women in hotel corridors. The
other person we saw was a young waiter delivering some breakfast to someone. He
was wide awake and stopped and really stared at me as we walked by. I smiled at
him and said, "good morning" to him, but he didn't say anything.

Jon decided that we would go to the restaurant for breakfast and I wore the new
tight, light blue dress. It really hugs my body and as I walk along I can feel
the air coming through the thin, knitted material onto my skin. Breakfast was
uneventful and Jon took me back to our room, then to an arcade that he had seen
where there were a couple of shops that he wanted to go in. Just before we left
our room Jon told me to bend over, and I was a little surprised to feel the
remote vibe being pushed into my pussy. It didn't hurt, my pussy seems to be
permanently damp and ready for action these days. Jon waited until we were on
the underground before he gave me a couple of bursts on the vibe. With all the
people wandering around I had forgotten about the vibe until it made me jump in
my seat.

There were quite a few shops in the arcade and when I was getting a bit bored in
the second shop that Jon took me into, he told me to go for a wander on my own
and to meet him at the entrance in half an hour. I went into a couple of shops
and then wandered around the rest of the place. As I passed a toy shop the vibe
made me jump. It was on full throttle. I looked round for Jon but couldn't see
him. The vibe was really doing what it was designed for, but very quickly. I
managed to walk to the side of the walkway and lean on the wall, but I was
coming to an orgasm quickly. I was shaking as I came first once, twice, three
times, then a fourth time, all closely together. How I managed to stay on my
feet I don't know. I could see people staring at me as the whole of my body
trembled and one oldish woman asked me if I was alright. I just managed to say
that I was, and thanked her for her concern. I was desperately looking round for
Jon and I think I had cum for the fifth time when I saw Jon walking towards me.

"Please turn it off Master" I pleaded with him, but he just looked blankly at me
as if he hadn't a clue what I was talking about. "The vibe Master" I said. He
got the remote control out of his pocket and pressed the buttons but it didn't
make any difference. Looking back we must have looked a right sight with me
shaking and fighting to stay on my feet, and Jon stood a couple of feet in front
of me pointing something at my pussy and saying "it isn't working."

Eventually Jon realised what was happening and picked me up and carried me out
onto the street. As I was slowly coming back to normal Jon told me that he
thought the problem was the toy shop. He's seen a kid playing with a remote
controlled car and it must have been on the same frequency. When I say back to
normal it wasn't normal, I was covered in sweat, knackered and my pussy juices
were right down to my knees. Jon had to help me walk back to the underground and
then the hotel. I had a shower and lay on the bed for half an hour before I felt
able to get ready to come home. 

The train journey home was uneventful apart from a lad of about 13 taking an
interest in my legs. As I never cross my legs these days (Jon won't let me), the
lad might even have been able to see my pussy the way he kept getting down onto
the train floor with his little brother's toy cars.

Shortly after we got home, Jon gave me the main part of my punishment for not
keeping this journal up to date. As usual, as soon as I had got into the house I
had stripped off,  and no sooner than I had taken my dress off Jon told me to go
to the toilet then go and lay face down on the punishment bed. I had been there
for about 10 minutes wondering what Jon was going to do to me when he came in
and told me to move the pillows to under my stomach. He then restrained my
wrists and ankles to the corner posts and then put a blindfold on me. Somehow I
just knew that he was going to cane me and I could feel that nervousness of
knowing that I was going to get some pain and pleasure. My pussy was getting
damp in anticipation. I didn't have to wait long before I heard that 'whoosh'
then felt the pain. Automatically I said, "One - thank you Master." By the time
I had said, "Five - thank you Master," the tears were starting to swell in my
eyes. Jon was really going to hurt me. As the tenth stroke landed I let out a
little scream. They were really hurting.

There was a pause after the tenth stroke and I heard Jon moving. The next think
I knew Jon's hands were at my pussy. My lips were already swollen and slightly
open as the pain was causing me pleasure, but Jon opened them more and it wasn't
long before I realised that he was tying my lips open as wide as they would go
using string through my little rings and then round my thighs. Suddenly I
realised that my open pussy was Jon's next target.

Number eleven landed right down the crack in my ass and pussy. I screamed out
loud before saying, "Eleven - thank you Master." By fifteen my whole pussy was
throbbing with pain and pleasure. It was number 19 that took me over the edge
and I was sweating something rotten as I uncontrollably shook violently. I never
did managed to say, "Nineteen - thank you Master." I was starting to get control
of myself again when number 20 landed. Thankfully that was the last one but I
didn't feel that much. My whole backside and pussy were numb.

Before Jon left me he got the big double ended dildo and pushed it into me as
far as it would go. Within minutes I was asleep.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing April 26
I woke up with a start and a feeling of emptiness to discover that Jon was just
pulling the dildo out of me. As he released me he asked me if I was OK then told
me to take it slowly when I decided to get up. He went off to work as the pain
started as I moved my legs. When I made it to the bathroom I saw that my
backside had lots of deep red weals all over it. I jumped when I touched my open
pussy and had to untie my pussy lips very slowly. I don't know why, but I just
had to play with my swollen, tender clit and bring myself off again.

I took it very easy that day, and the next few. In fact it was the Friday before
I felt well enough to go to the supermarket.

Saturday May 1
A quiet weekend really. Jon spotted an advert in the paper for a  'Bar person',
and when we went into town we went to the pub and Jon got us a drink while I
asked for the manager. The job was for Friday and Saturday evening. He asked me
if I normally dressed like I was (short dress) for work. When I said I did he
said, "Good, I like to cater for the younger drinkers on a weekend evening and
young attractive women wearing not a lot tends to keep the place crowded." He
asked me if I could start the next Friday and I said that I could and hoped that
Jon would agree. He did.

Stayed at home for the rest of the day and went to bed early.

Sunday May 2
Jon got up very early to watch some motor racing and then spent the rest of the
morning reading the papers. The only exciting part of the day was when he came
up behind me as I washed the dishes and fucked me.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing May 3
It was a Bank Holiday on the Monday but we didn't go anywhere, or do anything
exciting. On the Tuesday I got  a card from the doctors  asking me to go for a
smear test on the Friday.  When I got there the receptionist said that the nurse
wasn't available and that the doctor would be taking it. When my turn came I
went in and saw that it was the short balding doctor that has a bit of an
attitude problem. There were 2 other people in with him, one man and one woman,
both about my age. The doctor explained that they were students getting work
experience, and asked if I minded if they took the sample. When I said, "OK" he
continued to tell me that as it was a long time since I had had a thorough
examination then he would give me one before they took the sample.

He asked me to take my skirt and pants off and lay on the bed. He obviously
hadn't been paying me much attention as I was wearing a dress, and only a dress,
and the 2 students watched as I grabbed the hem of my short dress and pulled it
over my head, leaving me completely naked. The doctor looked a little surprised
when he turned round and saw me naked. In case he was going to say something I
said, "I don't wear underwear."  "Healthy attitude" he said, "climb on the
examination table please."

As I swung my legs up and lay back, all 3 of them moved over to me and the 2
students stood at my feet while the doctor stood beside me. "A rectal
examination first I think" the doctor said, "turn over and get on your hands and
knees please." As I was doing so I looked back between my open legs and saw the
male student licking his lips. I looked at the doctor who put some latex gloves
on then scooped up some cream, presumably to lubricate my ass hole.  When he
turned to look at me he saw the red lines that were still on my backside and
said, "Do these hurt?" and he ran a finger along one of them. As I said, "No" I
wondered what I would say if he asked me how I got them, but he didn't ask.
Instead I felt the cold cream and his finger start prodding my ass hole. It all
happened so quickly that I gasped and threw my head back. His poking and
prodding only lasted seconds, but the surprise attack had started my pussy
tingling and my pussy involuntarily lubricating.

He pulled his hand out and said, "turn over please, and lift your legs into the
stirrups, it's time for the vaginal examination."  As I did so, I saw that the
eyes of the 2 students were firmly fixed on my pussy. The male student had a
bulge in his trousers. That turned me on a bit more and when the doctor went to
get some more lubrication cream for his new pair of gloves, the female student
said, "I don't think that you'll need that doctor." The doctor turned and looked
at my pussy and said, "I think you're right." The doctor had a little poke and
pull at the rings in my lips and asked me if I had any problems with them. When
I said, "No" he just started to push a finger into my hole. He really did poke
around in there for what seemed like ages, and quite hard too. At the same time
he held his left hand on my stomach just above my pubic bone. All this was
getting too much for me and I was glad when he pulled his finger out as I could
feel an orgasm coming on.

Unfortunately it didn't stop there, and he started prodding and pulling my clit.
As he was doing so he said to the students, "Take a good look at this, it's a
perfect example of an large engorged clitoris. The majority of women are not
fortunate enough to have one. It can heighten sexual pleasure tremendously." 

I surprised myself a bit as the doctor's remarks were embarrassing me a bit.
Before I started working for Jon I would have died of shame and probably got up
and run out, but a year with Jon had made me proud of my body and my sexual
feelings. I guess that it was the formal doctors examination that had made me
embarrassed.

"Right then," the doctor said, "that's the examination over with, it wasn't so
bad was it Miss Evans?" Before I could say anything he continued "Now it's time
to get the smear test sample, you take it Miss Johnson." Miss Johnson moved
forward and picked-up this stainless steel object. It looked like a short tube
with some scissors handles. Before I knew what was happening the object was
being pushed inside me. The cold metal combined with the excitement of the
doctor's hands and this young woman's other hand on my stomach was just too much
for me. I started to cum right there with the 3 of them looking at me. I was
shaking and biting my lip to stop myself from moaning out load. The doctor was
very calm, but the young man was getting embarrassed by the bulge in his
trousers. He was moving his stomach in and out as if trying to hide it.

Right in the middle of me cumming the young woman jumped back and looked
shocked. After about a minute she said to the doctor, "What was that?" "What was
what?"  The doctor replied.  "Some fluid just flew out of her vagina."  After a
couple of seconds the doctor said, "It's perfectly normal, though not very
common, for a woman to have an orgasm when she is being examined by a doctor. It
is also perfectly normal, again though not very common, for a very sexually
active woman with a sensitive vagina to ejaculate in a similar way to a man,
although the quantity of liquid is not as great as that of a man. Wait a minute
for the patient to compose herself, then continue."

I was embarrassed, and as the orgasm subsided I stayed flushed with the
embarrassment. The young student quickly opened my vagina with the 'implement'
and took the sample. Before I knew it the doctor was telling me that I could
climb down and get dressed. The male student continued to stare at me as I got
down and dressed and I saw the female prod the male student and say "Peter!" to
bring him out of his dream.

When I was dressed the doctor thanked me again for letting the students take
part, and then told me not to worry about what happened. He said that it was
'quite normal'. On the way home my embarrassment turned to excitement, and I had
to make myself cum again just as soon as I got in. 

That evening was my first day in my new part-time job and I asked Jon what I
should wear. He told me to wear my leather skirt and a tight T-shirt that did
quite come down to my waist. Jon drove me to the pub, and when the manager saw
me he said, "Very nice, that should pull the punters in." It was then that I
realised that he was looking at my breasts. I had just come in from the cold and
my nipples there looking like thumb ends pushing the thin T-shirt material out.
As the other staff arrived I saw that most of them were girls dressed in very
little as well.  There were a couple of men, both hunks with tight T-shirts
showing-off their muscles. It didn't take me long to get into things and the
time just flew by.

The bar was in a long straight line and a couple of times I heard some cheering
and looked round. One of the times I saw the skirt of one of the girls was up
round her waist letting everyone see her thong knickers. She was pulling it back
down and looking a bit embarrassed.

I didn't take any notice until it happened again a bit later with a different
girl. I asked the boss who was next to me what was going on and he just said,
"oh, it's nothing, just a problem with a faulty valve on a compressed air tank."
I was a bit puzzled as I thought that pubs used some sort of gas to get the
bubbles in the soft drinks, not air. I thought no more about it and it was soon
time to go home. Jon had come in just before closing time and he took me home. I
was knackered and Jon told me to go straight to bed.

Saturday May 8
Not much happened during the day, and I went to work that evening wearing a
tight skirt and tank top. It was a very busy night and I had to cope with a
number of half drunk youths trying to chat me up. One time when I went to
collect some glasses one of them slid his hand right up the inside of my leg to
my pussy. Although I wanted to let him play with my pussy I pulled away from him
when he started telling his mates that I didn't have any knickers on. Just
before closing time I found out more about the 'faulty valve on the compressed
air tank'. It wasn't faulty, it was designed that way by the manager. Every time
he wanted to liven things up a bit he would wait for one of the girls wearing a
suitable skirt to be standing in the right place, and then open the valve giving
anyone who was looking a glimpse of her knickers. When I explained it to Jon
later he said it was the 'Marilyn Monroe effect' - what ever that meant. 
Anyway, I'd noticed that one of the girls spent most of the time at that end of
the bar and that she was 'caught' the most, and she was never in a rush to pull
her skirt down. I guess that she was a bit of an exhibitionist too. I wondered
how long it would be before I got 'caught' and let everyone know that I didn't
wear knickers.

Sunday May 9
It was a boring day, nothing exciting happened.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing May 10
Bridie surprised me when she arrived on the Tuesday morning. I hadn't seen her
for months and I was so pleased to see her. She's quit her job at Tescos which
explained why I hadn't seen her there. She's now got a job in an office in town
but was having a couple of days off.  She's still got the same boyfriend and
they appear to be getting on well. She wanted me to be her alibi for going on
holiday with her boyfriend. They had already booked it but she had had to tell
her mother that she was going with me not her boyfriend and she was half
expecting her mother to ring me to check-up on her. I told her that I would
cover for her but that it would cost her. When she asked what I told her that I
wanted her upstairs and naked on my bed within 2 minutes.

She didn't say a word, but within 1 second she was gone. I found her coat,
shoes, skirt and top on the stairs and on my bedroom floor. When I found her she
was laying naked on my bed with a big grin on her face. "No underwear?" I said.
"Of course not" she replied. We had a great couple of hours with each other, I
got out some of the toys and we really abuse each others bodies. She was
fascinated by my pussy rings and played with them for ages. I felt really
relaxed and fulfilled when she left just before Jon was due to get home. I
promised her that next time she came she could have a go on the 'fucking
machine'.

Friday - went to work in a thin flared skirt and top which wasn't long enough to
tuck into my skirt. The manager kept telling me to get things from the end of
the bar where the air jet was.  I worked-out what he was after, and I wasn't
going to disappoint him, but I wasn't going to make it easy for him. The 'tease'
in me was going to have some fun. Each time one of the girls got blasted I'd
look at the manager and worked out where the control was. When I went near the
air jet I kept an eye on him and if I thought he was going to open the valve I'd
move away.  This went on until about 30 minutes from closing time when I thought
"Ok, lets go for it."

I went and stood over the little hole in the floor and faced him with my legs
slightly apart. I pretended to talk to a customer and waited for it to happen.
When it did my thin skirt flew right up past my waist. I pretended to look
shocked and surprised, but I didn't move for about 10 seconds, and even then I
pulled my skirt down slowly. As I did I looked around to see who noticed. The
manager had, and his eyes were lit up, I guess he'd been expecting me to be
wearing knickers. The girl who I'd decided was a bit of an exhibitionist had
seen me as well.  She had a big grin on her face. A couple of customers had seen
me as well, and I could hear them telling their mates.

I continued as nothing had happened but when I walked passed the manager he
whispered "very nice." I just ignored him. When we were closing I got chatting
to the exhibitionist girl (Hannah) and she told me that she'd been dying to go
to work with no knickers and get 'caught', but she'd just never had the courage. 

Saturday May 15
Told Jon about the air jet and Hannah. He laughed and said, "sounds like my kind
of girl."

When I went to work that night I put the same skirt on but with a different top.
I was going to have some fun again. The manager was up to his tricks again with
most of the girls. I saw 2 thongs (one with a big black bush showing through)
and 1 big pair of knickers. All of them (except Hannah) tried to get their
skirts back down as soon as possible. Hannah was being brave and didn't attempt
to pull hers down, instead she just stood there for a few seconds and then
walked away as if nothing had happened. I kept quickly passing over the hole in
the floor, but I never stayed long enough to be 'caught'. That was right until
just before closing time when I went and stood over the hole in the floor with
my feet about a foot apart. Hannah was near by and I said to her "watch this,"
and I bent at the waist pretending to get a glass from that back of the shelf
under the bar. It wasn't long before the manager spotted me and opened the
valve. My skirt flew up and onto my back leaving my bare backside and pussy on
view to everyone behind the bar, and a few of the customers, to see. I didn't
move and I could hear some of the customers cheering. I slowly stood up with a
glass in my hand and let my skirt fall back into place as I started to fill the
glass with beer. Things got back to normal quickly and a bit later Hannah came
up to me and said that she liked my rings and that she was going to find the
courage before next weekend. I told her, "don't think about it, come to work
without knickers and it won't be long before you forget that you haven't any on.
After that you'll have exposed yourself before you realise it, and then it will
be too late, you'll have done it. After the first time you don't need courage,
but you still get the excitement." I left her thinking about it.

Sunday May 16
After reading the papers Jon took me to the gym at the hotel. I had to wear just
a long T-shirt in the gym and I had a bit of fun with a middle aged man who kept
staring at me. The exercise cycle was fun, but my rings rubbed against the
saddle and made my pussy a but sore. We only went for a swim after that, I wore
my white cotton bikini which hugs my nipples and pussy crack, especially when
it's wet, but no one appeared to pay me any attention. We had to be back home by
lunch time as Jon wanted to watch some Motor racing.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing May 17
Did a bit of gardening in the back, but it wasn't really warm enough to stay out
there naked for long.

Friday night at work was the only time when anything exciting happened. I'd been
talking to Jon about the manager and the air jet and Jon decided that I should
make life a little less interesting for the manager. Well until he realised what
I had done that is. Just before I went to work Jon and me painted some knickers
on to me, not big ones, but bigger than a thong.  When the managers bumped into
me early on he said that he was going to get another look at my pussy later. So
I told him that he was in for a disappointment and to prove it I lifted my skirt
(I'd worn the same one) up at my right hip and showed him my 'knickers'. I only
lifted it up for a second and he didn't have time to realise that it was only
paint. He looked a bit disappointed but said that the valve was still leaking.

We were very busy that night and I had to go collecting glasses quite a few
times. Twice I got drunken youths touching me up. On actually managed to get a
finger in me and I just stood there looking at him. After a minute or so he lost
his nerve and pulled it out. Shame really, he was starting to turn me on.

Towards the end of the evening I stayed at the air jet end of the bar as much as
I could and came very close to showing my 'knickers' a couple of times. Finally
I waited right over the hole until the manager 'got' me. My skirt inverted
itself right up to my waist and I just stood there enjoying the breeze. I've no
idea how many people saw my 'knickers', and even less idea how many of them
realised that it was only paint and that I was actually naked from the waist
down. I found it quite exciting really.

Another thing that happened that night was that I'm sire that I caught a glimpse
of Hannah's pussy one time that the air jet got her. I didn't get chance to talk
to her.

Saturday May 22
The day wasn't very exciting, but when I went to work (a bit early) Hannah was
just arriving.  We had time for a chat before things got too busy. She was a bit
nervous as she had found the courage to come to work without knickers on but had
brought some in her bag. For some reason she wanted to show them to me and I
managed to grab them and refused to give them back. I told her that I'd give
them back to her if she begged me later in the evening. She never did, and I
threw then in our rubbish bin when I got home. I told her about my painted on
knickers and she told me that she'd seen me with my skirt round my waist the
previous night and thought that I was wearing knickers. I didn't tell her that I
was 'wearing' a much smaller pair of knickers that night. The paint only covered
a very small triangle in the front (and I mean small), and paint strings to
another small triangle at the top of my bum cheeks. It didn't cover my pussy so
that If I bent over enough people would be able to see my pussy and rings.

I let myself be 'caught' quite a few times that night and no one said that they
thought my knickers weren't real. I've decided that I'm going to wear the same
skirt every time that I go to work, it's more fun.

Later on I let myself get 'caught' when Hannah was near by. As usual I was
ignoring the fact that my skirt was round my waist, and I bent down to get a
pint glass. When I was bent over I looked at Hannah and saw that she was having
a good look at my backside and pussy. When I stood up and moved passed her I
just said, "go for it." About 5 minutes later she did. Her skirt didn't go as
high as mine because the material was a lot heavier, but I did see her pubic
hair.  She has it trimmed to a thin strip up the middle, and yes, she is a
natural blonde. She looked good even if she did stay in the air jet for no more
than a few seconds. When she moved away she was bright red, but had a smug grin
on her face. When I got the chance I whispered (more like a shout in that place)
"well done, wasn't too bad was it?" to her. I never got chance to talk to her
later.

Sunday May 23
Jon came with me to Tescos to do our weekly shop. On the way in he get them to
put up a card saying that we were looking for someone to come and cut the grass
once a week. As he was telling the girl I was thinking about who we might get,
and what fun I could have with them.  Wheile we were doing the shopping Jon kept
encouraging me to bend over the freezers so that people could see my bum. I was
quite cold when we left.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing May 24
The only exciting thing that happened was that we have a new paper boy. I think
that the old one must have told him about me because he had a big grin on his
face when I opened the door and didn't look at all surprised when he saw that I
was naked. Poor lad had to move his paper bag in-front of his trousers when I
looked down and saw the little bulge.

Saturday May 29
Jon took me to the local B&Q DIY store for some bits that he wanted. There's
lots of things in there that could be used for the wrong purpose. We had a good
laugh suggesting to each other what things could be used for what. By the time
we left I was quite wet between the legs. I was glad when Jon took me to our
local for a drink. I got a few people looking at me and I'm sure that one or two
of the men got a look at my pussy.

Jon took me to bed with him and fucked me doggy style that night.

Sunday May 30
After we had had breakfast Jon told me to pack a bag and we drove down to Oxford
stopping at a pub for some lunch. As we were driving down Jon told me that I was
going to baby-sit a couple of kids for a few days while he and a business
customer went away to an exhibition in America. Jon told me that the client was
important to his job and I wasn't to do anything to upset the kids, I was to be
on my 'best behaviour'. He told me that the man was divorced and lived alone
with his 14 year old son and 13 year old daughter. They were normally away at
boarding school but as luck would have it, he had to go away on the first of the
2 weeks that they were at home. Jon had 'volunteered' me when the man (Peter)
had tried to call off the trip because he didn't want to leave the kids at home
on their own.

When we got there I saw that it was a big house in acres of land. There was a
smallish swimming pool out the back in a large conservatory type building. Peter
came out to greet us and then gave us a guided tour of the place. The kids were
out somewhere and didn't appear until just before dinner. The girl seemed quite
nice (and quiet), but I could see that the boy was going to be difficult. All
through the meal he kept dropping things and going under table.  After about the
third time I began to suspect that he was trying to look up my skirt, but I
wasn't going to make it easy for him and I kept my legs firmly together.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing May 31
Next morning Jon and Peter were up and out very early and the house was very
quiet when I went down stairs wearing just a T-shirt. It was going to be
difficult remembering that I had to wear clothes all the time. Amanda came down
first wearing just a T-shirt and knickers. I got her some breakfast and managed
to get her talking a bit. She's a nice girl, but she doesn't like her brother
too much, she says that he's too bossy and makes her do things that she doesn't
really want to. I couldn't get her to tell me more about that one. When George
came down he was just wearing boxer shorts and just sat at the table waiting for
me to get him some breakfast. 

After breakfast they went to get dressed, and it wasn't long before I heard
Amanda screaming and shouting at George. He had barged into the bathroom when
Amanda was in the shower and she wasn't happy about it. George walked out when I
arrived and I stayed to talk with Amanda. I told her that all boys that age are
curious about girls bodies and I could see that Amanda had a nice body. She has
curves in all the right places, is slim and has nice budding pert little breasts
with cute little nipples. She has just a line of sparse pubic hair straight up
from her pussy. Amanda told me that George was always barging in on her and she
was fed-up with it. I told her that it was only natural, "haven't you ever
wondered what boy's bodies looked like?" I asked her. I told her that the only
way to stop him would be to be cool about it and act as if it was no big deal.
"Once he realised that she wasn't upset by it he might just stop barging in. Try
doing the same to him." I told her.  

The 2 kids decided that they wanted to go swimming. I was glad that Jon had told
me to pack my bikini, even if it was the white lycra one. I would have to be
careful that I didn't get out of the pool after the crutch had lost itself
inside my pussy lips. I joined them and we splashed about with a ball for a
while. Amanda had put on a black bikini and George a pair of tight Speedos.
George was paying a lot of attention to me and kept 'accidentally' rubbing
against me.

After a while I decided to take advantage of the sun and spread out on a sun
bed. I was on my stomach and had undone my bikini top and fallen asleep when I
got a rude awaking. George had tipped some cold water on my back. I jumped up
forgetting about my top, and before I knew it George was running away with my
bikini top in his hand. I wasn't going to stand for that and I chased him all
over the garden trying to catch him. When I finally caught him we were both
struggling as I tried to get my top and we ended up in a heap on the grass with
him on top of me. I was out of breath and he got up quicker than me and stood
looking down at me. My lungs were pushing my breasts up and down and my nipples
were like bullets. It was then that I remembered my bikini bottoms. I put a hand
down to check and discovered that it was too late, the crutch part was lost
inside my lips. I jumped up and adjusted them then grabbed my top back from
George and put it back on. As we walked back George said, "Why have you got
rings in your cunt lips?" I looked at him and told him that it was non of his
business, and as I was saying it I saw that he had a hard-on and the tip of his
little dick was sticking out of the top of his Speedos. I don't know if he
hadn't noticed or he didn't care because he was doing nothing to hide it. I
decided to ignore it. As we got back to the pool George shouted, "Hey Amanda,
Vanessa's got ear rings in her cunt lips." I told George to shutup as Amanda
just looked at us.

George went into the house and I stayed by the pool watching Amanda swimming for
a while before deciding to have a shower. The house has a changing room at one
end of the pool and I went in there and took my bikini off, got into the shower
and pulled the curtain shut. I had been in there for a couple of minutes when
the curtain suddenly went back and George came in. He was naked and his dick was
pointing to the ceiling. He came straight to me and turned me so that we were
both looking out of the shower. Before I had time to do anything there was a
flash and George ran out. As he went out I realised that the flash was a camera
and he'd taken a photo of us both naked, and him with a hard-on. I didn't think
much of it until I was getting dried and George came back in. He had his Speedos
on but I was still naked and I grabbed a towel to cover myself.

I was just about to ask him what he thought he was playing at when he said,
"Right Vanessa, that was a Polaroid photo I took of you and me naked, and I had
a hard-on. What do you think would happen if I showed that photo to my father,
or worse still the police? I'm only 14 and I could tell them that you seduced
me. Having sex with a minor is a very serious offence." "You wouldn't do that
would you?" I asked. "I will unless you do EXACTLY what I tell you" he replied.

I thought for a few seconds and then said, "OK, what do you want me to do?" The
little runt had got me. There was no way that I wanted to cause any trouble for
Jon or Peter, and I didn't want to go to jail. "For a start you can take that
towel off." That didn't bother me at all and I started to think that his little
blackmail game wasn't going to be so bad. "Right" he said, "now lay down on the
floor and open you legs wide, I want to look at those rings of yours."

I did as I was told and he had a gentle pull and prod all round my pussy and big
clit. He stopped short of putting a finger inside me, but that didn't stop my
pussy from starting to lubricate. After a couple of minutes he stopped and said,
"Next I want you to put your bikini bottoms on, just the bottoms, and go back
into the pool. Swim about with Amanda for a while then talk her into coming here
and taking a shower naked. When she's in, you strip off and join her. Get her
facing the curtain with you stood beside her. I'll do the rest." I thought as I
put my bikini bottoms on and went out. I couldn't think what he was going to do,
but I rather liked the idea of seeing Amanda naked close-up.

Amanda looked a little surprised when I walked out topless and said, "Careful,
George might see you." I smiled, jumped in and threw the ball to her. We messed
about for a while then I told her that it was time to get out and shower. She
started to go towards the house so I said, "No, lets use this one." She looked
at me then said, "OK" and we went in. I took my time and within seconds she was
naked and under the shower. I looked around for George as I took my bikini
bottoms off, but couldn't see him. I pulled the curtain back and said, "Mind if
I join you?" "OK" she said and I got in.

Amanda was looking down at my bald pussy when she said, "Have you really got
rings down there?" "Yes" I replied, "why don't you have a look?" Amanda paused
for a second then squatted down beside me. I moved my feet apart so that she
could get a good look. The next thing I knew the curtain was pulled back and a
camera started flashing. After 2 flashes it stopped and George was gone. Amanda
stood up and started to cry. I put my arm round her and told her that everything
was alright (which it wasn't). She was just starting to calm down when George
came back in. He was still in his Speedos and he still had a hard-on. Amanda
moved behind me so that George couldn't see her.

"I now have photographs of both of you in a very compromising situation that
could easily get you both into very serious trouble." If you don't want me to
copy them and pass them all round your school, AND go to the police, you will
both do EXACTLY as I say." Amanda was obviously terrified and burst out crying
again. "Shut up" George said, "I'm not going to hurt you, in fact you'll enjoy
what you're going to do."

I put my arm round Amanda and said, "It's OK, everything's going to be alright,
he's not going to hurt you." After a minute or so she calmed down and remembered
that she was naked in front of her brother. She put one arm across her little
breasts and the other at the top of her legs. "Why are you doing this George?"
she said. "I've always wanted to see you totally naked, not just a peek up your
skirt, totally naked and doing what I say. When dad told me that he was going
away this week I thought up this plan. I was worried that a baby-sitter would
spoil it all, but Vanessa here just turned out to be a bonus."

I wasn't unduly worried by all this, in fact I found it all a bit exciting,
after all he was only a 14 year old boy and I knew that if I really wanted to I
could just pounce on him and threaten to really harm him. I was sure that I'd be
able to get the photos back if I really tried. But, just to play along with him
I pretended to be a bit scared.

"For starters," George said, "you can finish your shower while I watch and then
come into the house without getting dressed. I think that I prefer you both to
be naked all the time." Amanda said, "Nooooo," but it was nothing new for me as
I spend most of my life naked these days.  Amanda and me got back under the
shower and I watched both of them as I washed my hair.

Amanda obviously wasn't happy but she wasn't that bad, and George was definitely
on a high.  His Speedos were too small for him and his little dick was just
poking out of the top of them. I thought that it wouldn't take much to get him
to cum and shoot his load all over the place.

Amanda looked good. She was still trying to hide herself from George as much as
she could, but she was starting to relax. We dried ourselves and followed George
into the lounge.  Amanda's bottom wiggles nicely as she walks. George told me to
sit on a sofa and he told Amanda to lay on the floor. Then he knelt down, opened
her legs and had a real good close look at all of her body. As he was doing this
he said, "get used to it Sis, you're going to be naked for a long time." Amanda
didn't look happy. She jumped a bit as George put his hand on her stomach and
then ran it up to her little breasts. She shut her eyes as he held a breast. Her
little nipples were as proud as they could be and George started to flick and
play with them.  The whole head of his dick was now sticking out of the top of
his Speedos.

He just started to move his hand down to Amanda's stomach when he lost control
of himself. A squirt of cum flew out and onto Amanda's stomach and George
grabbed his dick and ran out.  The poor lad was embarrassed at cumming in front
of us.

Amanda hadn't seen him cum but heard him get up and run out. She opened her eyed
and looked at her stomach. "Is that what I think it is?" she asked. "Yes" I
replied as I got up and put my finger in it. As she watched I put my finger to
my mouth and licked it. "What does it taste like?" Amanda asked. "Try it, I
think that you're going to need to get used to it" I said.  She put her finger
in it and slowly moved it to her face. She looked at it and then gently touched
her tongue with it. "It tastes a bit salty, but nothing else." she said. "Yes,
it's alright isn't it?" I said. 

Amanda then said, "Vanessa I don't understand what's happening to me, I hate
what George is making me do, but I'm getting wet between my legs like when I
play with myself. I don't want it to happen but I can't stop it." "It's OK," I
said, "our bodies betray us at times, it's quite normal. I've found that it's
best not to fight it, just let it happen, that way we get some fun out of what
can sometimes be a bad experience."

Just as Amanda was about to say something George came back in. His dick had gone
soft, but he still only had his Speedos on. He told Amanda to get back on the
floor and then me to go and get some food ready. I don't know what happened
while I was away, but I heard Amanda saying, "No, please don't"  and "No, you
can't, you're my brother."

We were all silent as we eat and afterwards George disappeared for a couple of
hours. I asked Amanda what had happened and she told me that George had first
pushed his finger into her (which hurt like hell) and then actually fucked her.
She had mixed feelings about it. On the one hand she believed that it was all
wrong and that she hated George for doing it, but on the other hand she had
enjoyed it. She said that she got quite excited by it and in a way she wanted it
to happen again. I didn't say anything but I strongly suspected that it would.
I'd expected her to want to go and have a shower to clean off George's' cum and
the bits of blood, but she didn't want to.

We sat on the sofa and talked for ages, we were both still naked and I couldn't
help looking at her beautiful little body. An one point she got a little tearful
and I put my arm round her. She responded by putting her head on my chest. Her
face has resting on one breast and she was looking at the other. When I realised
that she was looking at me, my nipples went hard. She told me all about her
experiences with boys (very little) and about the girls in the dorm at school.
They get up to all the things that you would expect in a place like that. One of
the older girls had made her eat her out. When she told me that I had visions of
her eating me, it made me feel all damp.

A while later I suggested that we went and had a shower. She agreed and up we
went. We got in together and I started soaping her back. She seemed to be liking
that so I moved my hands to her front and onto her little breasts. When my hand
slid over a nipple she moaned a bit and her little nipples went hard. She leaned
back on me and I let my hands wander up and down her front. When I touched the
front of her pussy she moaned again, this time even louder. She was enjoying it
even more than I was. When I let my fingers go between her legs they opened to
give me better access. I found her little clit and started playing with it. It
wasn't long before she was shaking as she came to an orgasm.

The water started cooling down so I said that we should get out. As we were
drying ourselves Amanda asked if she could do the same to me. I held her hand
and led her into her bedroom.  When I got there I lay on her bed and gently
pulled her to me and kissed her. Boy was she eager, her tongue was everywhere
and it wasn't long before she had a hand on my pussy.  When she got to the rings
she stopped and asked me about them. I told her that Jon had put them in me,
that it had hurt like hell, but that it felt good when people played with them.
She pulled them a bit them slipped a finger into me. I was wet and she went
straight in then out.  She slid down my body and knelt in between my legs. She
started playing with my rings again, then my clit. She asked if hers would grow
that big and all I could say was "I hope so."

I lay back and let her explore me while I just took the pleasure. She had
obviously been enjoying herself at school as she was quite good at it,
especially with her mouth. She was just getting me close to cumming when I saw
George stood in the door way. I didn't say anything as I watched him take his
shorts and T-shirt off and walk up behind Amanda who was too engrossed in what
she was doing to have noticed him. His dick was pointing to the ceiling by the
time he got behind her and he rammed it straight into her before she even
realised he was there. Amanda stopped eating me and gasped then turned to see
what had happened. She smiled then turned back to my pussy.

Intermingled with sticking her tongue into me and chewing my clit, Amanda was
moaning and moving her hips back and forwards. George had grabbed her hips and
was pulling her back and forwards on to him. It was fascinating watching these 2
young people fucking while one was making me cum. The sight of them cumming
together and what Amanda had been doing to me made me cum soon after them. There
were no complaints from Amanda now.

George and Amanda had both collapsed on the bed and it was a while before anyone
spoke, and when they did, it was Amanda asking for George to fuck her again.
George didn't need to be asked twice, but told her that she could fuck him this
time, and told her to straddle him which she did. George has laid on his back
with Amanda kneeling either side of him facing his head. I had an idea and knelt
either side of body facing Amanda. My shins were pinning his arms down as I
lowered my pussy onto his face. I kept lifting up a bit so that he could breath,
while I gave Amanda a French kiss.

George was getting excited and I told Amanda to raise herself off him while I
talked to him. I lifted my pussy off his face and then said, "Right George, I
think the time's come for you to stop all this blackmail rubbish and let us have
the photographs. Now that things have gone this far you're getting more than you
could have ever dreamed of. Amanda wants you as bad as you want her, and you're
having fun with my body as well. What do you say?" Poor lad couldn't do anything
but agree, so I told Amanda to get off him while he went for the photos. Just as
soon as he got back Amanda told him to get back on the bed and she climbed on
him again. I kept the photos.

That evening Peter telephoned to see how his little darlings were getting on. If
only he'd known that when he was talking to them they were both naked and that
Amanda had had to climb off George's dick to answer the phone.

That night we all slept in Peter's bed, although non of us got much sleep.
George wasn't too happy that I wouldn't let him actually fuck me, but as I told
him, "Amanda wants as much of him as she can get, and there's lots of other
things that he could do with me.

Tuesday - When I finally woke up George and Amanda were gone. I found them down
in the swimming pool, naked.

They were messing about with each other, and when they got out George had a
little hard-on. I got them some breakfast then Amanda said that she wanted to go
into Oxford to do some shopping. George wasn't keen at first, but when I
suggested that both Amanda and myself only wear dresses and shoes he became
interested. Amanda wasn't too sure at first, but I told her about the feelings
that I get when a man gets excites because he's seen parts of my body that they
don't normally. I said that it's a sort of power that women have over men at
times. Then she seemed to get interested.
We all went upstairs to get dressed. I put my dungarees dress and a short top on
and went to Amanda's room. She didn't know what to wear and she tried lots of
clothes on. She has lots of short skirts and dresses and couldn't make up her
mind. As she was trying them on I told her to turn her back to the mirror, bend
over and look at her backside in the mirror. If she could see all her backside
then the skirt was the right length. She kept telling me that she wasn't sure
about it, but that she had a little tingle between her legs every time she
thought about it.

In the end Amanda decided to wear a little skirt that she'd stopped wearing
about a year ago because it was too small for her. She could still get into it,
but it now only just covered her ass and pussy. When she bent over I could see
all her ass and pussy. With it she wore an old tight T-shirt that left her
little nipples sticking out. I 'suggested' to George that he should wear some
old baggy shorts and a T-shirt. He didn't think that he looked very 'cool', but
when I told him to take them off and I cut the insides of the pockets out, he
began to forget about looking cool.  Especially when I put my hand inside a
pocket and played with his dick.

During the drive into Oxford George and Amanda where at it on the back seat.
Amanda's skirt was round her waist and George's shorts were round his ankles. As
we got into the built-up parts I told them to stop it, and I told them that we
were going to but some condoms for them.  Neither of them had thought about the
possibility of Amanda getting pregnant, and Amanda got a but depressed until I
told her that there was every chance that she wasn't and that it was too late to
worry about it. She was a little subdued when we got out of the car in the car
park, and kept pulling her little skirt down as far as it would go. Once we got
into the Mall and saw that no one was taking any notice of her, she became less
self conscious and relaxed. George didn't relax though, he kept putting his arm
round either me or Amanda and putting it under our skirts. In the end I had to
tell him to stop being so obvious about things and to look for somewhere where
he and Amanda could have a quiet fuck.

George can be quite a confident little person when he wants to, he saw a Teens
shop and led us in. He grabbed a couple of dresses off a rack and walked
straight into the girls changing rooms and into a cubicle before any of the
assistants had a chance to see him. Him and Amanda were at it while I stood
outside the cubicle waiting for them. I got a couple of funny looks from girls
as they came in and heard the noises that George and Amanda were making.

When they finally came out they were both very red in the face with that
familiar 'just fucked' glow to them. From there we went up to the next level. On
the escalator I had to stop George from putting his hand on Amanda's ass. I told
him that it was time that someone else had a look at Amanda's ass. As George
moved to Amanda's side I saw her ass cheeks looking down at me. The inside of
her legs was all wet. I moved to the side so that anyone lower down the
escalator would be able to get a good view. As we walked off the top of the
escalator I looked back and saw a group of young lads looking up at us. As we
walked along I decided that the lads were following us and told George and
Amanda that we were going to have some fun.

We went up every escalator in that Mall about half a dozen times with those lads
not far behind us. Sometimes it was Amanda's ass and pussy that was on display
to them, and sometimes mine. Amanda told me that she was quite excited by it all
(and I know I was), but George wasn't that thrilled. Just to keep his interest
up (and his dick), Amanda and I took it in turns to stand behind him on the
escalators and put at hand in his shorts pocket. He had a hard-on all the time.

After about 30 or 40 minutes I decided that the security people might be getting
a bit suspicious and I took them into a Burger King. As we were carrying our
trays upstairs an old man followed up and the smile that he gave me when we got
to the top told me that he had enjoyed the last minute or so. Amanda liked the
feeling of the cold plastic seats on her bare pussy, and George liked it when I
got his dick out and covered it with an empty cola cup. The cup came in handy
when Amanda put her hand in his shorts pocket and wanked him until he shot his
load in the cup. The poor lad had been close to cumming for ages and it didn't
take long. After all, what man wouldn't be with 2 knickerless women flaunting
their assets round him.

After the Mall I decided to take them for a walk round town. We went past a
building site and Amanda was amazed when some man whistled at her. We came
across a sex shop and I had an idea. I told them to wait for me and I went in
and bought a pair of Ben Wa balls for Amanda. The both looked blankly at me when
I showed them what I'd bought, and I had to explain in great detail what they
were for. Amanda liked the idea but George just couldn't understand.

A bit later we came across another small Mall and George went into a computer
games shop while Amanda and me went into an Etam shop. We got a skirt and a top
for her to try on and went into the changing rooms. It wasn't long before we
were both naked and I was showing Amanda what to do with Ben. As I was helping
her put them in I brought her off playing with her little clit while she played
with one of my nipples. She wanted to return the compliment and I sat on the
bench as she played with my clit and rings with her teeth and tongue.

George wanted to know why we took so long when we met him outside the shop. He
also wanted to know what was wrong with Amanda. When I looked at her she was
walking slowly and had a look of shock and pleasure on her face. By the time we
got a hundred yards down the road she stopped, shook and moaned out loud. I
decided that it was time to get them back home and George and me half carried
Amanda back to the car. As we were doing that I could feel that my dress was
higher than it should be and the looks on one or two faces around us told me
that it probably was. It was either me or Amanda that they were looking at. As I
was driving them home George looked a bit 'left out' so I cheered him up by
saying that anything that got Amanda worked-up was good because it meant that
she would want to have him fuck her even more.

Amanda was feeling 'better' by the time we got to their house, but she didn't
want to know when I suggested that she take Ben out. By the time that we ate
that evening Amanda was well and truly knackered, so was George, Amanda's
appetite for sex was greater than his.  When I went upstairs later I found them
fast asleep in their father's bed. I joined them later hoping that they would
wake-up but they didn't.

Wednesday - I woke-up with George finger fucking me. When I opened my eyes
George was on his back with his head near my feet. Amanda was knelt either side
of him and was laying back so that her back was on his chest. This meant that my
eyes were greeted with the sight of his dick in her pussy. I reached out and
played with his balls and her pussy and it wasn't long before then both came.
I'm pleased to say that George kept playing with me until I came as well. When I
went for a shower Amanda was there and was just putting Ben back in. She didn't
want to know when I suggested that she could get too much of a good thing, and
that it might be a good idea to leave them out for a while. She said that she
was going to wear them every day for the rest of her life. I just love kids!

We all had breakfast naked before going to the pool for a swim. It was only when
Amanda got out of the pool to go and get the ball that she noticed that the
gardener had come to cut the grass. When Amanda screamed I looked up and saw him
staring straight at us all. I got out and went to Amanda who had 'frozen'. As I
walked Amanda to a chair I asked the old man how long he'd been there. He said,
"long enough." When I asked him not to say anything to Amanda and George's
father he told us "Don't worry, I'm not going to spoil what I've got going for
myself here." He was an old man and I could see that there was nothing for any
of us to worry about. I told Amanda and George to just carry on as if he weren't
there. The old man spent ages looking at us and I wondered if he could still get
a hard-on.

After lunch Amanda said that she had a problem, she'd arranged for one of her
school pals to come and visit her that afternoon. After a bit of thought and
discussions George decided that he didn't particularly want to meet one of
Amanda's school friends and that he'd make himself scarce for a few hours. We
put some clothes on and George disappeared shortly before Annabel arrived. When
Annabel did arrive, she and Amanda disappeared into the lounge and I left them
alone. I heard a lot of giggling and at one point I heard Annabel say, "Amanda,
you haven't go any knickers on!" and "You did what!" I left them to it and went
for a walk.

I got back around tea time to be greeted by the sight of George fucking Amanda,
doggy style, over the arm of a sofa. Neither of them noticed me so I slipped off
my dress and went up behind George and put my hand between his legs and played
with his balls. He didn't last long after that and he was soon grunting as he
shot his load into Amanda. When he pulled out I was glad to see that he was
wearing a condom.

We had a pleasant evening watching TV, talking and fucking (them). Amanda had
taken Ben out, though she said that they were going back in before she went to
bed. I've no idea how many times they both came, but both George and Amanda made
me cum with their tongues.  At one on the 'intervals' I asked Amanda about
Annabel. Amanda said that she had told Annabel everything and that Annabel had
given her an idea when she'd jokingly said, "now that you've fucked your brother
I suppose that you'll be wanting to fuck your father as well." Amanda said that
she just laughed it off at the time but the more that she thought about it, the
more she wanted to. I told her that if she was serious then she would have to be
careful and slowly seduce him. I told her that it wouldn't be a good idea to
just come out with it and say, "Daddy, will you fuck me please?"

Amanda had also told Annabel about Ben and promised to lend them to her when she
gets back to school.

In the middle of the evening, Peter telephoned to say that they would be back
home sometime the next afternoon. Both George and Amanda weren't too please
about that. I fell asleep that night in Peter's bed with George and Amanda still
at it next to me.

Thursday - I woke-up before the others and went and got breakfast ready. It was
ages before they came down, and after breakfast they both disappeared again.

In the middle of the afternoon Peter telephoned to say that they were at
Heathrow airport and that they wouldn't be that long. I had to go and find
Amanda and George and tell them to get dressed and clean-up the place.

The trip had gone well and Peter invited us out to diner and then to stay the
night. He took us to this posh restaurant and we had a great evening although
Peter did keep asking Amanda if she was OK because she looked a bit flushed a
lot of the time. When we got back Amanda went and got ready for bed then came
back down and watched some TV with us. She was wearing only a T-shirt and she
kept sitting in such a way that anyone who looked would be able to see her naked
pussy. I noticed straight away and I kept looking at the others to see how long
it took them to notice, and if they would say anything. Jon was the first to
notice and he just smiled and looked at me. I smiled back and nodded my head as
if to say 'I know'.

It wasn't long before I saw that Peter had seen his 13 year old daughters pussy.
He almost stopped talking in mid sentence and his face went a bit red. That
didn't stop him looking even more though. When Amanda realised that her father
was looking, she started talking to him and opened her legs a bit more.

When Jon and I went to bed I gave him the photographs and told him all about the
going on and what Amanda had said about what she was going to do to her father.
"Lucky Peter" was just about all Jon said before he fucked me - hard.

Amanda crept into our room sometime in the middle of the night and asked Jon to
fuck her.  There was no way that Jon was going to turn down an opportunity like
that and I watched her ride him for ages before they both came.

Friday - We left shortly after breakfast, George had appeared in just some boxer
shorts and Amanda in just the same T-shirt. As we were saying out good-byes I
whispered to Amanda, "keep working on your father, I reckon that there's a good
chance that you'll have him soon."

On the drive home Jon told me a bit about his trip and how he'd seen a notice
pinned up somewhere that reminded him of me. He'd copied it down and he gave me
the piece of paper to read :-

A Smile
A Smile costs nothing, but gives much. It enriches those who receive, without
making poorer those who give. It takes but a moment, but the memory of it
sometimes lasts forever. Non is so rich or mighty that he can get along without
it and non is so poor but that he can be made rich by it. A Smile creates
happiness in the home, fosters goodwill in the business and is the countersign
of friendship. It brings rest to the weary, cheer to the discouraged, sunshine
to the sad and it is nature's best antidote for trouble. Yet it cannot be
bought, begged, borrowed or stolen, for it is something that is of no value to
anyone until it is given away. Some people are too tired to give you a Smile.
Give them one of yours, as no one needs a Smile so much as he who has no more to
give.

So Smile!

He said that a smile is created using cheeks and lips, and when I flash my pussy
at someone I'm using my bum cheeks and pussy lips, so I'm smiling at them. I'd
never though of it like that and it made me smile just thinking about it.

Jon also gave me another little present that he'd brought back from America for
me. It's a little gold chan about 3 inches long, with only 12 big links. When I
told Jon that it wasn't long enough to go round my wrist he said, "Silly girl,
it's for your pussy rings." As we were driving up the motorway I reclined the
seat and connected it up. Walking around at home later, it felt good and the
constant rubbing kept me thinking about sex.

When I went to work that night I couldn't wear my 'favourite' work skirt was
still smelling of beer from the previous weekend. Instead I wore my dungarees
dress and a top which meant that anyone standing next to me could see down the
top of the skirt part and see all my naked body from the waist down. There was
one interesting bit one time when I was collecting glasses. A youth was so drunk
that he kept falling over, and he collapsed right at my feet. He was staring up
my skirt but I doubt that he would remember much about it. His mates who were
trying to get him up also got a good view they bent down to help him.

The manager wasn't too happy when he realised that the air jet wouldn't lift my
skirt, but just as a bit of compensation for him I bent over in front of him a
couple of times. That brought a smile to his face and reminded me of what a
smile does for people.

Saturday June 5
I'd slept in my bed on the Friday night and Jon woke me early and led me into
the 'punishment' room. He restrained me over the 'T' and then went and got a
'present' that he had brought back from America for me. It was a remote control
vibrating egg that was much bigger than the other one that I've already got.
It's the size of Jon's fist and at first I was a bit worried that Jon would just
force it into me and hurt me. Thankfully he didn't, he switched it on to low,
and rubbed it across the lips of my pussy, teasingly. With each pass he parted
my lips more as he coated the egg with my juices, finally he started applying
light pressure. My body heaved as he slowly inserted the egg into me. He could
see that I was close to cumming, but he just said, "Don't - not yet my love."
Then just to torment me he lightly fingered my clitoris causing me to gasp. He
smiled as he saw that I was struggling to not cum.

Jon stopped and let my desire subside a bit before he teased my clit again.
After the third time that he did that he stopped completely and told me to go
and get the breakfast ready. After that he told me to "Assume the position" and
then he teased my clit four separate times with a 5 minute gap in between before
he finally let me cum. I was so desperate to cum that when I finally did cum I
cried out. I could feel myself convulsing and as I looked down at my pussy I
could see my juices squirting out. I was cumming like a volcano.

When I finally calmed down I realised that I was covered in sweat. Jon made me
stay in that position for 30 minutes before he let me get up and have a shower.
My knees ached as I climbed up the stairs.

I had to wear the egg (not switched on thankfully) right up until I went to work
that night and as I walked through the streets to the pub I could feel the cool
air going right into my pussy.

All day I'd felt like I had a football inside me and as I walked to work I felt
like I had a big hole in me. I'd washed my usual thin flared skirt and was
wearing it. I was please to see that Hannah was back and that she was wearing a
similar skirt. As soon as I could, I asked Hannah what she was wearing under the
skirt. When she said, "nothing" I knew that quite a few customers and staff were
going to see our backsides and pussies that night.

At one point in the evening when Hannah came back from collecting glasses, she
came up to me and told me that she had just been groped by a couple of youths
and had a few suggestive comments when they'd discovered that she was naked
under her skirt. I asked her if she was going to take them up on their offer,
but she said, "no." I asked her to point them out to me, and when I got the
chance I walked passed them to see if I would be as lucky as Hannah. As I walked
up to them, one of them saw me, nudged his mate and then said to me "Have you
left your knickers at home as well?" I just smiled and said, "never wear them."
"Prove it" another one of them said. Not wanting to miss an opportunity to make
a man uncomfortable in their trousers I put the glasses down and then lifted the
front hem of my skirt just enough for them to see my pussy. I kept it up for
about half a minute before dropping it. In that time one of them said, "Bloody
hell!" another said, "Very Nice" and a third said, "Would you like to have
breakfast at my place?"

I didn't say anything to them but I turned round and bent down (at the waist) to
pick-up a glass from the floor. They must have had a great view of my ass and
pussy. When I'd got the glass I stacked it with the others and walked back to
the bar. "Don't know if I'm as brave as that" Hannah said as I walked passed
her.

The manager had also seen me and heard what Hannah had said. He told us both to
go and work at the other end of the bar (the air jet end) for the rest of the
night. He must have used that air jet to get our skirts round our waists about a
dozen times before closing time. To start off with Hannah had been pulling her
skirt back into place quite quickly, but by the end of the evening she was just
letting it fall back down on its own - like me. That end of the bar had a lot of
customers that night. As we were clearing-up after closing time the manager
tried to hit on me, but there was no way I was going to upset Jon.

Sunday June 6
The day started the usual way, but it was warm enough to eat breakfast on the
patio. During one of his breaks from reading the papers, Jon looked down the
garden and said, "I think we'll have to get the scaffolding frame back into
action." Later on I saw him (still naked) cleaning-up the frame and I guessed
that I was about to attached to it for a while. I wasn't wrong, and after lunch
he restrained me spread-eagle on it facing the sky. I stayed there for 4 hours
while Jon did some gardening (naked). Every so often he would come up to me and
tease my clit but not enough to make me cum. At one point I felt something cold
inside me, it was too cold to be his dick and I think it was one of the
gardening tools. By the time it was getting to early evening I was getting
desperate to cum, and when Jon finally untied me I asked him if he would fuck
me. He said, "no" and he wouldn't let me masturbate for more that 5 seconds
every 5 minutes right until it was time to go to bed. The frustration was agony
and I was so relieved when he finally told me to make myself cum. After he
watched me doing that he took me to his bed and fucked me until we both came
again.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing June 7
It's nice being able to spend most of the day outside without clothes again. I
hate the British climate, I wish that Jon would take me to live somewhere round
the Mediterranean. Jon told me to wear my pussy chain all week.

Tuesday - Hannah gave me a ring then came round to see me. At first she looked a
bit shocked when I opened the door naked, but after a couple of seconds she, "I
don't know why I was surprised, with you wearing so little for work I should
have expected it." We went into the conservatory and talked for hours. I told
her all about my relationship with Jon, and some of our little 'experiences'.
After a while I could see that she was getting a little warm - to be expected in
a conservatory with the doors shut and the sun shining, an I suggested that she
take something off to get a bit cooler. After a little hesitation she took just
her top off showing me a nice little bra, so jokingly I said, "come on, you can
do better than that, get the lot off." "Well why not" she said, "after all we're
all girls together."

When she took her skirt off I was glad to see that she wasn't wearing any
knickers. Her little strip of blond pubic hair looked quite cute. Her breasts
are quite a lot bigger than mine and they bounced about as she moved. When she
sat down again she said, "don't you ever cross your legs? I've been staring at
your fanny and those rings and chain for ages." So I told her all about the
conditions of my employment and how Jon had put the rings in me. She was amazed,
and a couple of times she said, "all this talk about sex is turning me on."

I asked her about her experiences about being naked anywhere, and she said that
she'd thought and dreamt about being naked in public, but had never had the
courage until I'd talked her into going knickerless to work. I told her that I
knew the ideal was to start and got up and walked out into the garden. She
followed me and as we walked around she said, "are you sure that no one can see
us." "I thought that you wanted someone to see you?" I replied.  "Yes, but ."
she said.

Hannah was starting to get used to being naked and actually said that it felt
good. After I'd asked her to come to see me again and told her that we'd go out
and have a bit of fun, she asked me what the scaffolding frame was for. I told
her that it was a sort of sun-bed and suggested that she tried it. After I told
her that it was quite comfortable she climbed onto it.

When she started relaxing a bit I went to the top and grabbed a wrist and tied
it down. It only took seconds because of the way that Jon had left it, and
before Hannah could ask me what I was doing I'd got the other wrist. She didn't
seem at all alarmed when I told her that the feeling of being tied down, naked
and totally helpless was a great turn-on and that she should try it for a few
minutes. As I gently pulled one of her legs to the corner to tie it there she
said, "No please." but it was so feeble that I just ignored her and then tied
the other ankle.

When she was totally spread-eagle I stood back and said, "You look good like
that, isn't that feeling of sexual excitement good? Look at that lovely pussy, I
can see the effect things are having on you." I reached out and ran a finger
gently over her slightly open lips and little clit.  She moaned a bit and I
said, "doesn't that feel good?" I did it again and she moaned again, this time
louder. I can take a hint and I started working on her pussy with one hand and,
after a while, my mouth, while my other hand played with her big breasts.

She was just about on the point of cuming when I heard Jon say, "Well, what have
we got here?" He had arrived home and stripped-off without us hearing, and was
now stood just behind me. I stood up and Hannah said, "Oh my god!" and started
struggling. Jon walked all round Hannah looking closely at her and then said, "I
don't have to ask what you two have been up to, who are you anyway?" I
introduced them and say that Hannah was looking at Jon's dick that was starting
to get hard. Jon said, "Well carry on then, I don't want to spoil your fun."

It took a bit to get Hannah worked up again, but when she was she was moaning
even louder than before. Jon had taken advantage of my bent-over position and
was fucking me from behind. I came first, then Jon, then Hannah. Hannah is a
loud person when it comes to sex, it was a good job that we have a big back
garden and that there was no one in the fields at the bottom of the garden.

When things had calmed down Jon had another good (close) look at Hannah's body.
Hannah didn't look as nervous but said, "Can someone untie me please." "Not yet"
Jon said, and he touched her pussy. She moaned a bit and shuddered. "Want a real
cock in you do you?" She didn't say anything so Jon touched her pussy again.
This time it was a long touch and a finger went inside her. After gasping Hannah
said, "Yes, yes, please, please fuck me." Jon was never one for missing an
opportunity and he did just what Hannah asked. Her head was rolling from side to
side, and her body was heaving so much that her tits were wobbling about like
two big jellies.

The expression on Jon's face told me that he had cum again and he just stood
there for ages before pulling out of her with a big 'plop'. Jon told me to go
and get some food for him and to leave Hannah where she was. We both went
inside. When I'd got the food ready for Jon he told me to go and release Hannah
and I went back out to her. When she saw me she said, "That was incredible, but
can you please untie me?" When I had, I said, "Come on, let's go for a shower."
As soon as we got in the shower she started soaping me and then she started
kissing me. I was glad that she did, and I gave as good back.

It was Jon that broke the 'spell' by telling us to get out and get dried. When
we went downstairs (both still naked), Jon told me to tell him who Hannah was,
where we had met and everything else that I thought he should know. Hannah was
still a bit shy about being naked in front of Jon, but after a while she
relaxed. At the end of all the details Jon said, "Well if you want to show-off
your body to other people then you've come to the right man. I'm sure that
Vanessa will tell you that. Jon told me to tell Hannah about some of the
'exploits' that we'd had, and he left us to it.

Two hours later he returned and asked Hannah what she thought, "Fantastic" she
said, "will you let me come with you next time, I'll feel a lot safer if there's
3 of us." When Hannah finally left, Jon promised to let her know when we were
next going to have some fun.

The rest of the week was a bit dull and nothing worth putting in here happened.

When I went to work on the Friday night Hannah and me had lots of fun going out
into the crowds and getting groped. Hannah said that she had had 5 different
men's fingers in her pussy (not all at once) on one glass-collecting trip. I'd
only managed 2, but I'd spent a lot of time near the air jet and the manager had
made my skirt do a 'Marilyn Monroe' so many times that I lost count. Hannah had
been got a few times as well. There seemed to be a lot of men staying at that
end of the bar for quite some time that night.

Saturday June 12
Bit of a quiet day, we went into town but didn't have any fun. The only fun that
day was at work that night. Things had just started to liven up, Hannah was out
getting groped (sorry, collecting glasses) and I was stood over the air jet
showing all my jewellery when the music suddenly stopped and a voice said that
it was a police raid. Apparently there was some drugs being sold there on a
regular basis. The place was closed and after been questioned, all the hired
help were sent home. Hannah gave me a lift home and came in for a coffee and we
told Jon all about it. Jon decided that it was best that I didn't go back there
again and Hannah decided that she wasn't going back either.

Sunday June 13
No sooner that we'd got up the phone rang and someone asked if we were still
looking for someone to cut the grass. Jon said we were, and invited them to come
over that afternoon. It turned out to be a lad of about 15 who was looking for
some extra pocket money. He arrived just as some motor racing was starting on
the TV and Jon told me to take care of it. You should have seen the lad's face
when I opened the door naked. The poor lad just didn't know where to look, and
his face was the colour of a red pepper. When he finally spoke he said that he'd
come to see about the grass-cutting job, but asked if he should come back later.
I invited him in and we went into the kitchen. I told him what was expected of
him and how much he'd get paid. All the time he was looking everywhere except at
me. The lad's name was Trevor and he finally agreed to take the job. He said
he'd be along each weekend but didn't know which day as it depended on what else
he was doing. That didn't bother me and the excitement of him just turning-up
and getting a thrill just looking at me, perhaps without me even knowing, made
my pussy tingle a bit.

I took him to see the grass cutter and left him to it. About an hour later he
came to the back door to tell me that he'd finished, and to get his money. I had
to turn my back to him to get the money out of my purse, and 'accidentally'
dropped some. I bent over with my back to him and my legs apart. As I was
picking-up the coins I looked through my legs and saw him staring at my pussy
and re-arranging his trousers. The lad had got a hard-on.

When I was showing him I asked him when he'd be coming back. At first he'd said
that he wasn't sure, but in the end I made him promise that he'd be back the
next weekend. I hope I didn't frighten him away.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing June 14
Boring week, Hannah rang on the Wednesday night to see how I was, and Jon told
me to invite her out on the Saturday night. At first she didn't sound too keen,
but in the end we agreed a time and a place to meet.

Saturday June 19
We went into town on the bus and took care of a few things. Nothing exciting
except that 1 man realised that he could see all my legs right upto the top as I
sat on the bus. He'd stopped and stared for a few seconds before moving on, and
he followed us for a bit when we got off. I guess that he was hoping for more
but Jon had other things on his mind.

When it came to time to get ready to go out, Jon told me not to bother making a
lot of effort, "just put a dress and shoes on," he said. He told me that we were
going swimming at Mansfield. We met Hannah at a pub and had a drink before
going. While we were sat round a table Jon suddenly said (quite loudly), "Well
Hannah, have you left your knickers at home then, Vanessa has?" I've got used to
things like that, but Hannah was embarrassed and she went bright red. After a
few minutes of Hannah hiding behind her drink Jon asked her again, this time
quietly. Eventually Hannah said "yes" and Jon said, "And you'll lose that bra
soon too." Hannah looked puzzled but didn't say anything.

We drank-up and got into Jon's car. After we'd been driving north for about 10
minutes Hannah asked where we were going. All Jon would say was "Mansfield." As
we pulled into the car park Hannah said, "But this is a leisure centre!" Jon
didn't reply until he'd parked and he got out saying, "Come on." Hannah looked
puzzled as we queued-up to pay, but that was nothing to her expression as we
turned the corner into the changing area. Her eyes were wide open and her jaw
had dropped.

She said nothing as I pulled her arm into a changing cubicle. It wasn't until
Jon and me had stripped off and I started unfastening her dress that she finally
said, "I can't do this" but she didn't try to stop me undressing her. Her big
bra came off last and as it did Jon said, "You wanted people to see your body,
so now's your big chance." With that he stepped out of the cubicle and pulled
Hannah out. We were surrounded my dozens of either naked or rapidly becoming
naked people. As we pulled Hannah towards the swimming area she just stared at
first 1 naked man, then another without saying a word. She didn't even attempt
to cover her tits or pussy.

It was about 10 minutes before Hannah started talking. She started by saying,
"Look at all those dicks, I'm starting to get horny." "You won't get any of that
in here," Jon said. "We'll see about that!" Hannah said and walked off. We
didn't bother following her and we went for a swim. I just love these naturist
swims.

About an hour later we came across Hannah again. She was in the sauna with 3
men, all about in their thirties. Hannah was walking to all of them and sitting
with her legs wide open. I'm sure that she was trying to get them excited, but
she wasn't having any success. They all had very limp dicks. She said "Hi" when
we walked in, but she just kept talking to the men. After a while they all got
up and left together.

We next saw Hannah in the changing rooms when the place was closing. She came
and grabbed her clothes and was off mumbling something about going home with
some man. As we drove home I said sorry to Jon, I told him that I didn't expect
Hannah to react like that. Jon wasn't angry, he just said, "There's nowt so
queer as folk."

Sunday June 20
Was a quiet day, after breakfast Jon took me to the hotel gym and we had a
workout, but Jon had told me to wear my white shorts and a T-shirt. He didn't
seem to be in the mood for any fun.

The afternoon was reasonably warm and I lay out on the patio while Jon worked on
his PC.  There wasn't' much sun, but I was determined to start my all-over tan.
I was laid there on the sun-lounger with my feet on the floor at either side and
dozing off when I heard a sound. I slowly half opened an eye and saw Trevor
standing there. He hadn't seen me open my eyes because he was staring at my
jewellery. I decided to let him enjoy the scenery and closed my eyes again.

It seemed like ages before I heard Jon (who was wearing some shorts) come
outside and say, "Hi, you must be Trevor, I'm Jon, we spoke on the phone." After
Trevor mumbled a 'Hi', Jon said, "Oh don't worry about Vanessa, she spends most
of her live without clothes on. Look as much as you like, we don't mind, in fact
Vanessa likes being watched, she likes the effect that it has on men's
trousers." At that point I opened my eyes, just in time to see Trevor moving his
hands in front of what looked like an uncomfortable bulge in the front of his
trousers.

I said "Hi" to Trevor and asked if I could get him a drink before he started. He
just said "No" and rushed off to the garage to get the mower. Jon just smiled
and went back in. I got a drink and got back on the sun-lounger.

It took at least twice as long for Trevor to cut the grass at the back of the
house that day, and when he finally came and told me that he's finished, I could
see a wet patch on his trousers.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing June 21
Not a very exciting week, Jon took me to his bed on the Wednesday night and I
gave him a blowjob before he turned me over and fucked me doggy style.

Saturday June 26
Jon had to go to work in the morning, but when he cam back and we'd eaten he
took me outside and strapped me, face up, and spread-eagle on the scaffolding
frame. He didn't waste any time in fucking me, but it was a quick one that made
him cum, but left me wanting. About 30 minutes later he came back outside and
put a blindfold on me then left me again. Ages later I heard him come outside
and walking near me, but the next thing that I felt was something very cold on
my nipples. They immediately went rock hard as what I think was an ice cube was
rubbed all round my nipples. The cold was turning me on and I got that familiar
feeling on my pussy.

I presume the ice cubes were melting as I started to feel Jon's fingers rubbing
and then pulling my nipples. When that stopped there was nothing for a while,
then an unbelievable pain in my pussy. So much so that I started cumming
straight away. The orgasm lasted for ages with me needing the scaffold
restraints to stop me from rolling about. When I finally calmed down I realised
that my pussy and insides were VERY cold. When I asked Jon what he had done to
me, he said that he'd found 3 ice cubes in the freezer that were all stuck
together looking a bit like a dildo, so he'd just pushed them into my pussy and
let mother nature do the rest. Wow, I hope that he does that again sometime,
it's an experience that a girl just should not miss.

Jon left me on the scaffolding frame with the blindfold on until early evening.
After my body calmed down and all the sweat dried I eventually fell asleep. I
woke up feeling something being pushed into my pussy. It felt like a vibrator
but at that time I wasn't sure. A few minutes later I heard the lawn-mower start
and it going up and down the lawn. I didn't know whether it was Jon or Trevor
that was pushing it. I tried to imagine that it was Trevor cos he wasn't used to
seeing me tied up like that and that thought made my pussy tingle.

After a few minutes I realised that it was a vibrator in me, it was the remote
controlled one and someone had turned it on a bit. Not fully, but enough to
start getting me excited.

The grass cutting started getting long pauses and I started getting close to
cumming. All of a sudden the vibe speed increased to maximum and within seconds
I was cumming again. I was writhing about (not that I could move much) and
moaning for more. Whoever it was kept the vibe on full throttle for what seemed
like hours. I had about 4 orgasms, all joined into one.  When the vibe finally
stopped and I calmed down, I felt someone poke their fingers in my pussy and
remove the vibe. After that the grass cutting continued and then there was
silence. I fell asleep.

I still don't know if it was Jon or Trevor that did that to me, and Jon won't
tell me.

That night Jon took me to a country pub for a meal. I wore only a tight black
mini-dress and shoes. I was so knackered that I lounged back in the chair and
didn't even bother to look to see whether or not people had noticed that my
dress was only just covering my pussy.

Sunday June 27
Before breakfast Jon took me jogging. Jon told me to wear just my tennis dress
and trainers. It wasn't windy so I didn't have any problems with that, but Jon
decided to take me along paths through fields. Each time we came to a fence or a
gate I had to climb over it rather that open it or go through the special gaps.
After a while I was starting to get tired and at one fence that I was climbing
down from I caught my dress on something, as I went down the dress stayed up,
leaving me naked from just below my breasts down. Fortunately the dress didn't
rip, but a man walking his dog got a right eyefull. Of course Jon just laughed
as I struggled to sort it out, and I have to admit that I took my time. Two
reasons, firstly I wanted to let the man enjoy the scenery, and secondly I
wanted the rest, I was knackered.

When we got home and fed and watered Jon worked on his PC until he watched some
motor racing from France. Jon let me sleep with him that night and he went to
sleep still inside me with us in the spoon position.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing June 28
The week started off quiet, Vicky rang on the Tuesday and promised to come over
and see us soon. She asked if I'd used the fucking machine recently and I said
that I hadn't for ages. That started me thinking about it and on the Thursday
morning I decided to make it earn its keep. I put a chair on either side then
put the padded wrist straps on. Next I joined my wrists with a carabiner and
switched the motor on. After a final 'should I, shouldn't I', I climbed up and
positioned myself either side of the 'T'. My pussy was just hovering above the
big dildo and was getting wet in anticipation. After gently rubbing my pussy
over the dildo I hooked the carabiner to the rope that was going up and down
above me. My arms started going up and down then I lowered myself onto the
dildo. It felt good as I slowly took it all. When my whole weight was on the
dildo and the 'T' I lifted my feet off the chairs and let the motor take over.

Up and down I went. It was good and my pussy was making sure that I didn't get
sore. There was a sucking noise each time I started to go up. I was just getting
close to cuming when the telephone rang, but there was no way that I was going
to stop and answer it. I heard the answering machine do its job, and then Bridie
telling me that she hadn't heard from us in ages, and asking us to call her.

That slowed down me cumming, but it wasn't long before I could think about
nothing other than the pleasure that I knew was seconds away. The gap between
orgasms reduced quickly, and I was getting tired. When I decided to stop I
lifted my feet to put them on the chairs, but disaster struck. Somehow I managed
to knock both of them over. After another orgasnm I was getting frantic. It was
still mid morning and I wasn't expecting Jon back until early evening. I was
sure that if I didn't do something very soon, then I would be literally 'fucked
to death'.  There was no way that my body could survive that machine for
something like 7 or 8 hours. I had visions of newspaper headings like 'Young sex
slave fucked to death' or 'What a way to go' or 'She died with a smile on her
face'.

I haven't a clue where I found the strength but I managed to push myself up
before the machine started the rope going up and I grabbed the knot in the rope.
As I went up the next time I went right off the dildo, and by wriggling about I
managed to go down behind the dildo.  I relaxed and let myself go up and down
with the dildo just rubbing up and down the front of my pussy. Now my clit was
getting all the treatment and after a couple of ups and downs I came again.

When the 'high' subsided I made a big effort and just managed to get a leg up
and onto the 'T'.  At last I was in control. As I climbed down my legs buckled
and I lay in a heap on the floor for ages before managing to crawl to my bed and
fall asleep.

I woke up in the middle of the afternoon and put things straight in the
punishment room. The paperboy came for his money just before Jon got home, and
as usual I invited him in while I got the money. I always take my time sorting
out the right money and dropping some of it on the floor so that I have to bend
over with my back to him. While I'm bent over I look at him and he's always got
a bulge in his trousers. I just love the effect that my naked body has on men.

Saturday July 3
Jon took me to Tescos but we didn't buy much, he said that I would have to go
back on the Monday or Tuesday. I'd got my favourite cheesecloth dress on and Jon
kept getting me to bend right over the freezers again. He said that he enjoys
watching people watch me. He says that their reactions to realising that they
can see my bum and pussy are amazing. The ways that people try to keep looking
but pretend that they're not always amuse him. Me too, but it's more difficult
for me to watch them watching me than it is for him.

When we got home Jon gave me a challenge. I had to make myself cum, but without
using my hands in any way. I think that he'd guessed what I might try, so he
unclipped my pussy chain first. He said that he didn't want to risk me
'damaging' myself.

At first I couldn't think of anything, I couldn't touch myself, and I couldn't
hold anything. Oh, one other thing, he wouldn't let me use the 'whipping-T' in
any way. To start off with, the only thing that I could think off was to find
something that I could put my legs either side, and bend back and rub my pussy
against. The first thing that I thought of was the scaffolding poles out back.
It worked a bit and I managed to get myself wet, but it wasn't good enough. I
though about switching the washing machine on and sitting on top of it, but
because I wasn't close to cumming that would take an eternity.

Then it twigged. In our kitchen we've got some chairs that have circular posts
at either side of their backs. Each of these posts stick up about 3 inches from
the top of the top cross bar. I put 2 of them back to back slightly offset and
climbed on so that I had one foot on either chair.  Then I lowered myself down
so that my pussy was just touching the top of one of the posts. It was just like
a dildo and it wasn't long before I was fucking that chair. After I came Jon
said that he'd have to think of something more difficult the next time.

I lay out in the sun for most of the afternoon and we didn't go out that night.
Jon said that he wanted an early night.

Sunday July 4
Jon woke me up at 4 o'clock in the morning and told me to pack our bags. At 6
o'clock we were at East Midlands Airport checking-in for a flight to Ibiza. Jon
had booked us a so-called last minute 'cheap' holiday. I'd had the usual problem
of going through the security x-ray machine and had to have the man run his
'magnifying glass' up and down me when I kept getting the machine bleeping as I
went through. This time it was my pussy rings and chain that was causing the
problem. It had to be, I wasn't wearing Ben.

At Ibiza airport we collected our bags and then went to the toilets to change
into just our long T-shirts and shoes before going looking for a bus to get us
to San Antonio. It wasn't any cooler for me as I had  only been wearing my white
lycra dress and shoes, but Jon had had jeans on.  We had to change buses in
Ibiza town, and as the second bus was filling up Jon had an idea.  He wouldn't
tell me what it was at that time but he said that as soon as we had found and
checked-in to the hotel then we were going shopping.

Jon seemed to know his way around San Antonio and it didn't take us long to find
the Hostel Rita and to check-in. The rooms (and the hotel) weren't up to much
and we soon discovered that it was full of teenagers having their clubbing and
boozing holidays. The place didn't even have a swimming pool. We had a little
balcony over-looking a busy road and a window that looked out onto a little
courtyard with other rooms doing the same. We could look out of that window and
10 feet away was another one directly opposite, doing the same. As well as that
there were rooms above and below us.

Jon wanted to get out to the beach so after a quick look round we were out and
getting a bus to a place called Cala Conta. There are 3 beaches there and we
went straight to the one where no one was wearing any clothes. This was a good
job as I'd left our swimming costumes in the hotel. We soaked up the sun until
early evening then waited for a bus back. When we got to San Antonio Jon took me
shopping and bought me 2 sarongs, one was see-through.

Back in our room we stripped off and Jon told me to shorten the 2 sarongs so
that when I just wrapped them round me (like a towel just above my breasts) they
would just over-lap by about 6 inches. The see-through one obviously showed
everything that I'd got when I tied the corners to one side, but the other one
didn't. When they were tied to the outside of either breast it was only one leg
that was trying to escape and, although I'd expected it, I don't thing that
anyone would have been able to see my pussy. Both of them were long enough to
cover my ass and pussy without me having to worry about getting arrested for
showing too much.

After I'd got that all sorted, Jon told me to take the non see-through one and
just over-lap and lightly tuck in the ends instead of tying them. It didn't feel
at all secure and when I told Jon he just said, "Good."

Right in the middle of doing all that, our 'neighbours' across the courtyard
opened the shutters on their window. It was then that I realised that as I could
see all of them down to their knees, then they could see all of us down to our
knees. They were 2 Scottish girls who said "Hi" to us, but stared at Jon and me,
as we were both naked. They kept looking over to us on and off as they got
changed and eventually went out.

Jon and me went and sat in the chairs on our little balcony and watched the
people going up and down the street. We were only on the second floor, and when
a coach went by I felt as though I could reach out and touch its roof. At least
it was so close that we didn't have to worry about anyone on it being able to
see us. The same couldn't be said of the 3 girls on the floor above. They were
getting a good start for the evenings drinking session and were spending a fair
bit of time on their balcony shouting to other people on their balconies and in
the street. At one point I heard one of them shout, "There's a naked man and
woman on the balcony below us!" Shortly after that I saw 3 heads peering down at
us and giggling. One of them said, "I can see his todger," and another said,
"They've got no pubic hair." They then proceeded to tell everyone else that was
out on their balconies. Jon just said, "Ignore them."

At about 11 o'clock we put some clothes on (me just a thin cotton dress and
shoes), and we went out for some food and a drink or two. We went just down the
road into the 'lively' part of San Antonio and it was just like the TV program
'Ibiza Uncovered'. 'Happy' people everywhere and every other building was a bar
with loud music blaring our. We had something to eat and a few drinks and then
went back to our hotel.

We managed to get to sleep easy enough but got woken-up a few times during the
night.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing July 5
Monday July 5 - It had been a bad night. There were people returning to the
hotel all the time right up until we were getting up at 7 o'clock, and the
majority of them were drunk, shouting and slamming doors. Jon said that it was
to be expected in a place like that, but that we'd get our own back on them by
slamming doors from when we got up until we went out each day. He said, "If
they're going to disturb our sleep, then I'm going to disturb theirs."

The hotel was 'Bed & breakfast' but the breakfast only consisted of Tea and
Toast so on our way to the beach we stopped at a cafe� and got something to eat.
Jon wore just one of his vests and I had to wear just the new non see-though
sarong, and to just tuck it in. As we were walking along it kept feeling like it
was about to fall down so I had to keep tucking it in again (Jon had said I
could - unless he told me not to).

Jon had decided that we were going to Ses Salines, which meant that we had to
get a bus to Ibiza Town, and then another to Ses Salines. Jon followed me onto
the first bus and as we walked down the aisle my sarong suddenly disappeared
leaving me totally naked on a bus with quite a few people on it. All of them
seemed to be looking at me. Even though I like being naked I still felt
embarrassed, even after Jon picked it up, gave it to me and I'd put it back on. 
After we'd got a seat and the bus was moving I realised that I'd enjoyed the
excitement and that my pussy was wet and tingling. When I told Jon he said, "I'm
sure that I can arrange for it to happen again." He then told me that he'd
grabbed a bit of the sarong and held it against one of the seat backs so that as
I moved back along the bus I just walked straight out of it. He told me to try
it as we got onto the next bus.

I did, and it worked. I was left naked on a bus in the middle of Ibiza Town with
quite a few people looking at me. This time the excitement was greater than the
embarrassment and I could really feel my juices. On the beach I discussed this
with Jon and we decided that I should do it more often. See what reactions I can
get from people.

We spent anther quiet day on the beach with not a lot happening. I'm sure that
the people walking up and down the beach stared at me a lot longer because of my
lack of pubic hair, pussy lips rings and chain. The man who came to collect the
money for the hire of the sun loungers seemed to 'hover' at the bottom of my sun
lounger for quite a while as well. At one point we both went for a long naked
(apart from shoes) walk in the dunes and pine trees that are behind the beach.
I've got to the stage where the chain doesn't get me excited unless I'm already
thinking about sex.

As we waiting for the bus to go back to Ibiza Town we both sat on the step
outside the cafe� eating an ice cream. Anyone who looked would have been able to
see both my pussy, and Jon's dick and balls, though we never saw anyone staring
at us. We had to stand up on that bus because of the number of people on it and
at one point my sarong came un-done and started to fall down on its own. I let
it get down to my waist before pulling it back up. The bus to San Antonio was
better; I did what Jon suggested and down went the sarong onto the floor. Two
hunks of men looked at me, but when one of them started talking to the other
one, I decided that my efforts had been wasted, they sounded as if they were
gay.

On the walk through San Antonio back to the hotel I decided to try it again when
a group of English youths were walking towards us. I 'caught' the sarong on the
side of a van and down it went when I was right in front of them. What a cheer I
got. It was great. I didn't rush to pick-up the sarong and even bent over at the
waist to pick it up. What a wonderful feeling.

While we were in a shop getting some more water, Jon accidentally (yes it was!)
dropped his wallet and squatted down to pick it up. He did this with his knees
wide open. Because he wasn't wearing anything under his vest his dick and balls
were clearly visible. Right in front of him were 2 teenage girls waiting to be
served and one of them looked down to see what was going on. Her jaw dropped
when she realised what she was looking at, and when Jon stood up I could see the
girl whispering to her mate. I couldn't hear what she was saying but her mate
turned and looked at Jon. When we left the shop I asked Jon if he'd dropped his
wallet on purpose. He said, "Don't be so silly!" so I told him about the girl. I
guess that he hadn't realised because he said, "I didn't think about that, I'll
have to try it again."

Back in the hotel the 2 Scottish girls were in their room with the shutters
open. They were getting changed and walking around in their bras and knickers.
One of them stared at us as we stripped off and walked around naked, but in
general they just ignored us. We sat out on the balcony watching the world go by
for a while before taking a nap before we went out for the evening. While we
were on the balcony I saw the head of one of the girls in the room above us lean
out and look down at us a couple of times.

When we went out I just wore my bikini skirt (the one that only has the thin
fastening cord on one side making it obvious (to anyone who bothered to look)
that I have nothing on underneath) and my white lycra bikini top. With all the
young girls wearing see-through dresses on skimpy skirts no one took any notice
of me at all, but it was nice walking around amongst all those people feeling
quite naked.

After getting some food Jon took me into a couple of the very noisy, lively
bars. The music was good, but way too loud. We stood in a corner drinking and
watching the kids dancing and falling over. I was stood in front of Jon laying
back on him. His hand was in the side of my skirt and he was playing with my
clit as we stood there. He brought me to an orgasm quite quickly and I could
have screamed my head off and no one would have taken a blind bit of notice.

Back in our hotel room Jon had me ride him. We left the window open (as usual)
and I could hear a few people talking, but I don't know if any of them saw us.
The Scottish girls room light went on, and then off after a few seconds but I
couldn't see them looking towards us.

Tuesday July 6 - Another night when we kept getting woken up. When we did get up
Jon slammed our bathroom door lots of times.

Jon decided that we were going to Ses Salines again, but he decided that it best
not to try the sarong 'falling off' trick again so soon. He told me to wear my
short sarong skirt and crop top. I tied the skirt at the side, but Jon pulled
the knot round so that it was right in front of my pussy. It was only the ends
dangling down that were stopping people from seeing everything I'd got. In the
cafe� having breakfast the waiter kept looking at my lap. I don't think that he
could see my pussy even though I could see the top of my bald pubic bone with
just a hint of the top of my slit.

Both bus trips were un-eventful and as we were walking through the long car park
to the beach we stopped for a drink, and Jon told me to take my top off and we
walked the rest of the way with me topless. No one seemed to notice.

We had another very relaxing day soaking up the sun and cooling down in the
lovely sea. In the middle of the afternoon Jon put a pair of his mesh undies on
and I put just the short sarong skirt on and we went to a beach bar for
something to eat. As we were queuing to be served we were stood in front of a
table with a youngish couple on it. The woman was staring at Jon's dick and the
man was staring at my crotch. When I looked down I saw that the knot in my
sarong was a little off-centre and the man must have had a great view of my
pussy, rings and chain. I got all damp just thinking about it. That sounds a bit
strange cos I'd just spent a couple of hours laying on a sun lounger with my
legs wide open and not got wet. It must have been the excitement of it not being
intentional.

We went for another long naked walk in the woods. This time we ended-up near the
part of the beach that has a lot of gays on it. As we walked through the sand
dunes we say 2 gay couples having sex. Jon wouldn't let me stop and watch them.
He said that he felt like throwing-up.  Back near our 'base' we say a 'normal'
couple with the woman riding the man. That sight gave Jon a hard-on and he
pulled me deeper into the woods and fucked me doggy style. I'm sure I saw
someone watching us at one point, but the odd voyeur was the last thing on my
mind as Jon shot his load into me. I didn't cum. Back on the sun lounger both
our juices were slowly running out of me as I lay on my back with my feet on the
sand on either side of the sun lounger.

Early evening, we went for a long swim before heading back through the long car
park to the bus stop. Jon only had his vest on and me my short sarong skirt
(with knot on my pubic bone) right until we got to the bus stop. Then while we
were right in the middle of the crowd waiting for the bus, Jon told me to put my
top back on. The bus driver gave me a funny look as we gave him our return
tickets. On the journey into Ibiza Town we couldn't get any seats and we had to
stand holding a strap hanging down from the roof. I was using my right hand and
my top had ridden right up over my right breast. There was a young(ish) woman
stood in front of me (facing me), and she spent most of the journey with her
face just inches from my breast.  When it had first 'popped' out, I noticed a
smile appear on her face. When she kept staring at it my nipples went all hard.
The rest of the journey back to the hotel was uneventful until about half way
through San Antonio when Jon told me to slip into a doorway and take my top off.
I had to walk the rest of the way back to the hotel topless. You should have
seen the faces of the youths in the hotel reception area. I felt nervous, but
proud.

Didn't see anything of the Scottish girls, but I did see a head looking down on
us as we watched the world go by, on our balcony (naked) before going out later.

Before we did go out that evening, Jon used the body paint to give me some
knickers. Two little triangles, one at the top of my bum cheeks and the other at
the top of my slit. He also painted some knicker elastic on me in the form of a
1 inch band joining the triangles. It was then on with the see-through sarong,
tied in a knot just to the side of my right breast. I didn't feel at all nervous
as we went out, but I thought I was going to get arrested at one point as 2
unpleasant looking policewomen walked towards us. One looked me up and down but
then ignored me. My little heart was pounding. Having said all that, there were
loads of girls with see-through dresses with very small thongs showing, so I
guess that I looked as if I was wearing no less than them. To be truthful, I
never noticed anyone looking at me and no one seemed to realise that I was
virtually naked. In one noisy, dark bar, Jon finger fucked me until I came. I
was stood facing the bar and Jon had his back to the bar on my right, so it was
easy for him to go in the side of my sarong and get at my pussy.

Wednesday July 7 - Somehow we managed to sleep late, and it was 9 o'clock before
we went to a cafe� for some breakfast. We were both wearing just our vests and
Jon had his wallet with him. After breakfast Jon decided that we would go for a
long walk around the streets and have a bit of fun 'dropping' his wallet. He
flashed 3 lots of girls and I flashed 2 lots of lads before Jon decided that we
should go and get our stuff and go to the beach. The reactions from the
'victims' was quite mixed. Jon said that one of the lads that I flashed even
looked embarrassed.

Jon wore just his vest and I had to wear my see-through sarong with bikini
bottoms to beach. I felt a bit strange having something cover my pussy. The
sarong was just tucked in and Jon helped it fall off as we walked to the boat to
Cala Conte. As we were getting onto the boat I'm sure that a woman got a glimpse
of Jon's dick because I saw her eyes open wide and her jaw drop.

It was a bit difficult keeping my sarong covering me as we sat next to each
other on the boat.  The breeze kept trying to blow it to one side. I did notice
one teenage girl, sat opposite us, staring at Jon's lap. As Jon was lounging
back on the bench, and his knees weren't together, I guess that she would have
been looking at everything that he'd got. As soon as we got off the boat Jon
told me to remove the sarong and walk to the car park topless. When we got to
the car park my bikini bottoms came off as well (and so did Jon's vest) and we
walked through the car park and down the cliff to the nuddies beach naked.

Had another very quiet day on the beach and in the sea until it came to time to
go. Jon told me to wear only the see-through sarong. He told me to follow him
onto the boat, and to hold my bag in front of me until I sat down. When we got
back to San Antonio I did the same trick getting off the boat, but this time Jon
followed me. It was nice walking through town virtually naked with no one taking
any notice of me. In fact people were taking more notice of a couple of girls
that were wearing bikinis with T-back bottoms.

As we were walking passed a cafe� one girl in a group of 'happy' girls and
youths shouted at Jon, "Hey mate - you should tuck your vest into your shorts."
Jon stopped, turned and we walked back to the girls. Before any of them could
say anything Jon said, "I would if I was wearing any." The same girl said (in a
very dis-believing tone), "Oh yeah, prove it!" Jon looked round then with one
hand he pulled the bottom of his vest up to his waist. With his other hand he
pulled my sarong off me. There were screams and laughter as all the girls turned
and saw Jon's shaved dick and balls, and a naked me. He waited about 20 seconds
before dropping the bottom of his vest and giving me my sarong that I quickly
put back round me. There were all sorts of comments coming from the girls,
ranging from, "dirty bastard"  through to, "nice one mate." One lad said, "what
the hell's that on her pussy?" Jon had a big grin on his face right until we got
back to the hotel.

When we got back to the hotel we saw that 2 English girls had replaced the 2
Scottish girls.  Also, below them was a young boy and girl (18 ish). John
reckoned that it was their first holiday away from home. They'd moved their beds
under the window and we could see them making love, naked, on the beds. The girl
was kneeling either side of the boy and riding him quite quickly. Something made
her look out and see someone (may have been me or Jon (although we were being
quiet), or it could have been someone in the room below us); because she decided
to close the curtains in their room. Still impaled on the boy's dick, she
reached up and pulled the curtains closed. When the show ended Jon said,
"There's nothing quite like seeing a girl naked and on her knees with them
spread wide and her arms stretched up." Perhaps that's why the position that I
have to get into when Jon says, "assume the position" is very much like that. I
guess that turned Jon on a bit because he joined me in the shower and fucked me
till be both came.

When one of the English girls first saw us walking around our room naked, she
dodged behind a curtain, and I could hear her saying, "Hey Becky, come and have
a look at this." The next thing I heard was, "What you on about?" and then a
gasp. We both ignored them, but I kept getting quick views of both of them
trying to look at us without it being obvious. In the end Jon stood at our
window and said, "It's alright you 2, if you want to look then do so, it doesn't
bother us." A few seconds later Becky came to the window and said, "Hi, I didn't
think that you'd want to know that someone could see you." Jon replied, "We
don't care, we're both naturists and it doesn't bother us in the least."

Becky's mate (Sam) slowly emerged and we had a long chat about the weather, the
beaches and where to find the nightlife. By the time we'd finished talking I
think that they were quite relaxed about our nudity, and later on, as they were
getting ready to 'hit the town', I saw Becky walking around their room naked as
well.

When we went out, I just wore my lacy net dress, my collar and Ben. I guess that
my lack of pubic hair helped cos no one seemed to realise that I was naked under
my lacy see-through dress, although Jon did change our direction when we were
walking down one street and we saw a couple of policemen coming the other way.
Ben made it difficult for us to go far, and I came twice before we'd even found
somewhere to eat. While we were looking for somewhere to have a drink we saw
this bar that was on the first floor and it has a balcony. There were quite a
number of people on it and I lost count of the number of girls with short shirts
who may or may not have realised that everyone on the street below could see
either their knickers or their pussies. With it being dark it wasn't too easy to
tell, but both Jon and me reckoned that at least 2 of the girls weren't wearing
knickers or thongs.

San Antonio really is like Ibiza Town when it comes to 'anything goes' as far as
clothes are concerned. We saw people in all sorts of weird outfits and a couple
of men that looked almost reasonable dressed as girls. On the way back to our
hotel we saw one couple having sex in a doorway. She was up against the wall and
his trousers were round his ankles. He had a nice tight butt.

I really did enjoy going out that night. I was naked apart from a see-through
dress and no one appeared to take a blind bit of notice. OK, I got the odd
person looking at me who was obviously thinking 'Is she, isn't she?' but in
general no one realised. I suppose that fact that I have no pubic hair helped a
bit, and I'm sure that my Ben Wa balls had something to do with it; but I felt
daring and excited all the time that we were out. I came about 6 times before we
eventually got back to the hotel. I was knackered, but that didn't stop Jon
wanting to fuck me as I leaned over the balcony. It's a nice feeling being
fucked only a few feet from people who just might look up and see what you're
doing. In a way I was surprised that no one did as I was moaning and grunting a
bit as Jon thrust into me.

Thursday July 8 - That morning Jon put some shorts on (first time during the day
since we arrived there) and left me while he went and hired a car. As soon as he
got back we both put just our vests on, packed out stuff for the day and went
out. When we got into the car Jon took his vest off and told me to take mine
off. He said that we were going to be naked in the car all the time, and would
only pull our vests onto our laps when a policeman or some oldies looked as if
they were looking in. We were sat in a parked car, naked, in the middle of a
busy town. I could see that things were going to get interesting.

We drove to the outskirts of San Antonio, and to be honest, no one even seemed
to look inside the car. People seemed to see the car, but never looked inside.
By the time that we parked outside a cafe� and put our vests back on, I was
starting to get relaxed about driving round naked. In the cafe� the waitress got
a bit of a surprise when she brought our food, Jon had turned round and was
looking at something and his vest had ridden-up displaying all his dick and
balls. I'd realised but didn't say anything to Jon (maybe he knew). Instead I
just watched the waitress' face which was a picture. First shock then a smile.
She took ages lifting things of her tray and onto the table, and all the time
her eyes kept looking back to Jon. When Jon turned back she stopped looking at
Jon and went a bit red. She looked at me and I smiled and licked my lips as I
looked straight at her. She hurried off, but I could see her talking to another
waitress, and the other girl kept looking over to us.

When it came to time to pay it was girl number 2 that gave us the bill and her
eyes were firmly focused on Jon's lap. When I told him he said that she'd get a
surprise when she brought the change. Her eyes really opened wide when she saw
his knees open and a semi laying down his leg. As we walked back to the car his
dick was having real trouble staying under his vest and by the time we got into
the car he had a full erection sticking out of the front of his vest. I don't
thing that anyone saw it. As soon as we took our vests off and started moving
Jon told me to do something about it with my mouth.

We drove round the island for most of the day only stopping twice. The first
time was for Jon to take some photographs of me, naked, on top of the car, with
a nice view of the sea and an island in the background. It was a bit painful on
the car because of the heat of the metal, and I was glad when we'd finished.

The second time that we stopped was at a little cafe� in the middle of nowhere
for some lunch.  Jon just put his long vest on and he told me to put just my
bikini skirt on. The locals took me being topless in their stride, but there
were some other holidaymakers in there that couldn't stop looking at us. Some of
them left at the same time as us, and Jon told me to make a big show of taking
my little skirt off and showing that that I was climbing into the car naked. Jon
did the same. They all watched us as we drove off waving at them.

At one point late afternoon we ended up in Ibiza Town. I was nervous at us
driving through it naked, but Jon just said, "keep cool, and keep your eyes open
for policemen." We drove all round the town naked, even stopping at traffic
lights in busy streets and no one appeared to notice us. That was until we
stopped at a street corner where a gang of young teenagers (boys and girls) were
hanging out. One of them spotted us and told all their mates. They came up to
the car and had a real good look before the traffic let us out. I was tempted to
try to cover-up but Jon said, "No, just keep your cool and we'll be ok" and we
were. 

Back at the hotel we showered and eventually sat on the balcony. As we were
moving around our room I saw Becky and Sam and said "Hi." Sam was only wearing a
thong and a bra, but Becky had only a thong on. At one point when I looked over
and saw 2 lads in there with them.  Becky was still topless and one of the lads
was looking over at me and Jon (naked as usual). I have to admit standing and
giving a full frontal with my legs about a foot apart as I pretended to read a
little piece of paper. I don't know if it did anything for him, but I went a
little damp.

We had a quiet night in a bar just round the corner from the hotel. I wore just
my bikini skirt and a bikini top. Jon fastened it for me and deliberately
fastened it loosely so that it kept slipping of my boobs. Jon just wore a
T-shirt.

Friday July 9 - Got up at 4 o'clock and drove to the beach. It was still dark
and when we got there, there was a whole bunch of 'happy' teenagers going
skinny-dipping. Jon decided that we'd join them and we took our T-shirts off and
went in near them. Most of them didn't last long before they got out and
disappeared, but 2 girls were still in the sea when we got out. It was just
starting to get light and Jon decided to have a bit of fun. After we'd got dried
and dressed Jon picked up their clothes and put them in the boot of our car and
we drove off round the corner and parked the car off the road. We then walked
back and hid so that we'd be able to see their reaction when they got out and
couldn't find their clothes.

The sun was coming up when they finally got out and went to where their clothes
had been.  We couldn't hear what they were saying but it was funny watching them
search all over. After 2 or 3 minutes a local arrived on a tractor and started
cleaning the beach. The 2 girls didn't take much notice of him apart from when
he drove near them, and they tried to hide behind a stack of sun loungers. After
about 10 minutes they started walking towards the road. We let the pass us then
put our T-shirts in the car boot and then got in. When the girls were out of
sight we drove down towards them.

When they saw us coming they waved at us to stop us. It was quite funny really.
They were waving to stop us, and at the same time trying to cover their boobs
and pubes. They both had boobs a lot bigger than mine (that wouldn't be
difficult) and one of them shaved as well. You should have seen their faces when
we stopped and got out - naked. Jon asked them what they wanted and with their
hands strategically placed they told us what had happened. Jon asked them where
they were going, and they said San Antonio. I don't know how they were expecting
to get there at that time of the morning, even if they'd had their clothes.

Jon said that we were going there and offered to give them a lift. One of them
said, "dressed like that!" Jon ignored her and told them to get in. Jon drove
them back to their hotel, but he took a very round about route through
everywhere that had people out and about. Both the girls sat there with one hand
covering their boobs and the other on their laps. Both Jon and myself tried to
get them talking but neither of them would say much.  When we finally got to
their hotel, Jon parked round the corner and one of the girls said, "Right, now
we've got to get a key from reception and up to our room. Jon got out to let
them get out and said, "I'd offer to help, but look at me, I'm sure that I'd get
arrested, but no one's going to arrest you 2 lovelies." As they got out I could
see them looking at Jon's dick, and at the same time I was getting a good look
at their pussies as they bent over to get out of Jon's side of the car.

Just as they started walking towards their hotel, Jon opened the boot and called
them back. By the time they got back Jon had put their clothes on the road and
was back in the car. As we were driving off I could see them putting their
dresses on. When I was putting our bags into the car later I found 2 pairs of
knickers. I left them there, and I guessed that Jon would leave them there as
well. Perhaps someone at the car hire company will have a use for them.

When we parked outside our hotel we put our long T-shirts on and went to our
room and got ready to go out for the day.

That day we walked to a cafe� nearby for breakfast before going to the beach.
Jon decided that I was only taking my see-through sarong with me that day and
I'd tied it on the outside of my right breast. As we were walking into the cafe�
I accidentally (honest) caught it on one of the wooden chairs. It didn't come
off, but it certainly pulled it wide-open revealing everything but my left
breast. Jon burst out laughing and I swore, but all that did was draw people's
attention to me. There were a few customers and a couple of waiters that all got
a great view of my body. I couldn't have done a better job if I'd planned it.

I'd taken the sarong off and Jon had taken his vest off as soon as we got back
into the car, and when we arrived at Ses Salines Jon said that we were leaving
ALL our clothes (except shoes) in the car. Just to make things worse, Jon parked
the car at the back of the car park so we had to walk, naked, right through the
car park before we got into the cover of the trees.

On the beach we got some sun loungers and settled in for long beautiful day of
soaking up the sun. As usual, when I lay on my back I want to get the insides of
my legs tanned so I lie with my legs wide open and my feet on the sand. It was a
different, younger man who came asking for money for hire of sun loungers and he
squatted down at the bottom of my sun lounger when he asked for the money. I had
my sunglasses on and as Jon was getting the money out I could see the man
staring at my pussy. His staring turned me on a bit and I'm sure that he would
have been able to see my juices coming out cos they certainly felt like they
were flowing fast.

Early afternoon, Jon decided that he wanted us to go for a walk, but this time
he wanted to go along the water's edge right along where the unfortunate people
who keep some clothes on were. This worried me a bit as I'd seen a policeman
walking up and down the beach and I for one didn't want to get arrested. When I
asked Jon about the policeman he told me not to worry, he'd seen him and all we
had to do was to time it so that we set off just after he'd passed us going the
opposite way. Jon said that if we saw him coming towards us when we were coming
back then we'd just have to suddenly go for a swim.

We waited until the right moment then set off. Once we were in the middle of the
'clothed' part we got lots of people staring at us and I saw a few people nudge
other people and tell them to look. One teenage lad even got up and came to the
water's edge to look at me (presumably) close up. It felt good and I could feel
my juices leaking out of me. About half way back Jon suddenly grabbed my arm and
pulled me into the sea and down on my back. When I looked up I saw the
policeman, but I guess that he hadn't seen us cos he just kept walking. When
he'd gone we got out and continued back to our sun loungers.

Later on I was getting very hot and asked Jon if he was going for a swim. He
said he wasn't but told me to go. I was in the sea for ages really enjoying
myself. Some of the time I was laying half in and half out of the water watching
the people who were walking up and down the water's edge right next to me.
Needless to say my legs were wide open most of the time, and I even saw the
policeman having a good look at me. I wasn't worried about that as just about
all of the people there were naked.

When I finally decided that I'd had enough I got up and went back to the sun
loungers. Jon had gone, and all I could find was my shoes and a note saying
'meet me at the car.' I was going to have to walk through the woods and the car
park, naked, all on my own. I wasn't worried when I was with Jon, but I was
nervous about doing it on my own. 

After a couple of minutes thinking about it, and probably making things worse, I
put my shoes on and set off. No problem on the beach, but when I went up the
back into the dunes and trees I felt like I was being watched. I was glad when I
got to a path and saw a couple (man and woman) walking towards me. Putting a
brave face on, I walked straight passed them, only to see a group of men
following them. They stopped talking when they saw me and stopped and stared at
me as I went passed them. Round the next corner was the car park, but there were
lots of people there.

Thinking that it was probably worse to stay in the woods, I walked out and into
the car park. To keep to the most direct route I had to climb over a wire fence,
and when I got one leg over, the wire went straight up into my pussy. That made
the feeling of nervous excitement worse and when I'd got my other leg over I
looked back and saw my juices on the wire.

Straight on, through the mopeds and motor cycles and then the cars I went.
People were really staring at me. When I got to where I thought the car was
there was no sign of it or Jon. All those little white cars looked the same to
me. I searched round for what seemed like a lifetime, all the time people were
staring at me. I was starting to get worried, with visions of having to walk
back to San Antonio. That wouldn't have bothered me too much, so long as Jon had
been with me, but on my own ..

All of a sudden I turned round and there was Jon, naked as well. I was so
relieved that I ran to him and gave him a big hug. "Careful," he said, "you'll
give me a hard-on." I reached down and gave his dick a gentle squeeze. The
response was immediate, his dick was pointing to the sky. He grabbed my arm and
pulled me to our car which was only a few yards away, opened the passenger door,
sat down and said, "On that!" I climbed in and knelt either side of his thighs
(facing him) and lowered myself down onto his dick. It wasn't long before I
came, and then a couple of minutes later I came again, just as Jon came. As we
were coming back down, a couple of men walked down the side of the car and
looked in. The must have realised what we were doing.

As we were driving back to San Antonio, Jon told me that he'd been watching me
all the time that I'd been walking back from the beach. He hadn't really
expected me to come to any harm, but he'd kept an eye on me just in case.

I put my sarong on, and Jon put his vest on after we'd parked the car. Jon told
me to just tuck the sarong in, not to tie a knot. When I got out of the car I
saw a big wet patch on my seat where our juices had been leaking out of me. As
we walked towards the hotel Jon told me to 'catch' my sarong on the hotel
doorframe. I was a bit nervous cos I'd no idea who would be in the reception
area. It worked perfectly and I was left standing there, naked, in front of a
group of 2 youths and a group of 3 girls as well as an old man on reception. The
girls all saw me and at least 1 of them gasped. One of the youth saw me and I
saw him nudging his mate as they all watched me slowly squat down to pick the
sarong up, then take my time putting it back on.  The man on reception never
even looked up from his desk.

As we were going up the stairs to our room Jon pulled the sarong off and said,
"Not much point in having that on." Becky and Sam were walking along the
corridor as we turned on to it. When we got close Becky said, "Walk like that
outside as well do you?" Jon replied, "As often as possible, you want to try
it." There was no reply.

We had a shower and a nap on our beds because we were going to Ibiza Town that
night. I wore just my lacy see-through dress and shoes when we went out, but as
usual, Jon had me take it off before we got into the car for the drive to he
other side of the island. When we got there we parked, then got dressed, then
walked down to the harbour area. It was very much the same as it was when we
went there last year with everything from smartly dressed people to
transvestites, from people wearing less than me to people who looked like they
were ready to go to the North Pole, from cheap junk shops to bloody expensive
shops, from cheap fast food joints to expensive restaurants. An amazing place!
We wandered around for a while before getting some food and then looking for a
bar.

We came across Gropers Bar again and went in. It was crowded, and it wasn't long
before it lived up to its name, a hand was sliding up my leg as we stood at the
bar waiting to get served. It stopped when it encountered my chain and rings but
then continued and a finger went in me just as Jon passed me my drink and
motioned for us to move to a corner. When I walked away the hand caught my chain
and hurt me a bit. The corner was crowded with a group of girls as well as some
men. We ended up near the girls and I thought that that was the end of my fun,
but I was wrong. It wasn't long before another hand was on my bum - under my
dress, and slowly moving towards my pussy. I looked around and although it was
dark in there, the hand could only have belonged to a woman. I opened my legs a
bit and enjoyed the experience as I tried to talk to Jon. It was difficult
because of the noise, but from the way he was leaning down I guessed that he was
doing a bit of groping as well.

The hand was very skilled at handling pussies and it wasn't long before I was
cumming. I think that the fact that I didn't know whose hand it was made it even
more exciting. After I came I decided that I was going to have a piece of the
action and I let my hand wander onto the chest of a woman that was sat close by.
At first she tensed-up then had a look at me. I smiled at her and felt her body
relax. She wasn't wearing a bra and it wasn't long before I was squeezing and
pulling one of her nipples. It was quite hard and I was just getting her
breathing heavily when Jon pulled me away. I was a bit disappointed when Jon
pulled me out onto the street.

We wandered around some more and even went to look at the big cruise ship and
some sort of navy ship that was there. Jon seemed to find in interesting. After
that Jon decided that he'd had enough and we walked back towards the car. It was
about 2 in the morning and the place was still very lively. At the end of the
street where or car was Jon told me to take my dress off and I had to walk back
to it naked. Fortunately we only saw one young couple (a male and a female) and
they were more interested in themselves that what was going on around them.

San Antonio was still heaving as we drove though and back to our hotel. Jon had
threatened to not let me put my dress on when we got out of the car, but he
didn't say anything as I put it on so it stayed on until we got to our room. Not
that the see-through dress was covering much, but at first glance I looked quite
normal.

Saturday July 10 - Usual noise overnight, but I did manage to get enough sleep.
This was our last day and Jon wanted to get as much sun as possible. We put just
our vests on and went and had some breakfast at a cafe� down the road. The
waiter was a young man and Jon told me to make sure that he could see lots of my
body so when I sat down I pulled the vest up at the back and down at the front.
This meant that the 1 inch straps were over my nipples. I wouldn't take much for
them to 'pop out' if I turned to one side. It also meant that the vest was
bunched-up on my lap so grabbed as much as I could and pulled it to either side.
My bald pubes were now showing, but in pulling the vest my right nipple popped
out. I pretended not to notice as the waiter took our order. I looked at him as
I gave him my order, and it was obvious where he was looking.

We were still watching the world go by with my right nipple getting plenty of
fresh air as the waiter served our breakfast. Poor man nearly tipped our tea all
over the floor. When he came back to get his money I was laying back in the
chair, I'd covered my nipple but with my legs slightly apart the waiter was
eyeing the bits of gold between my legs. He had a bulge in his trousers so I
said, "You should really wear something more comfortable." I don't know if he
understood what I'd said, or what I meant, but he didn't say anything.

We took our vests of just before getting into the car, and the 2 girls that were
passing just stopped and stared as we drove off. There were hardly any cars at
Ses Salines when we got there so we were able to park under the trees nearest
the beach. Again we left all our clothes in the car and walked naked to the
beach. We got a couple of sun-loungers and settled in for a beautiful long day
soaking up the rays. The difference that day was that we'd settled on sun
loungers just inside the clothed area and it wasn't long before we were
surrounded by unfortunate people who wanted to go home with some white bits.
There was one couple who stripped off when they saw us. I was half expecting the
policeman who walks up and down the beach to move us on, but we never saw him.

Three times during the day Jon sent me back to the car for something. By the
time it came to us leaving the beach I thought nothing about walking to the car
park naked. I had been nervous being on my own with people staring at me the
first time, but that wore off as the day went on. I was feeling a bit sad when
we finally drove away from there, I hope Jon takes me back there one day.

We put our vests back on again and drove back to San Antonio. Just on the
outskirts Jon told me to put my vest on and we drove to the car hire place. Jon
gave them the keys and we walked back to the hotel. As we turned the corner
after reception Jon said, "Right off with the vests, we're going to risk it." As
we walked up onto the second floor there was a couple of girls and youths coming
down. We got a few of the usual comments from them, but the best was as we
walked along our corridor when a nice hunk of a man asked if I wanted to go to
his room with him. Jon just said, "Cheeky sod."

Becky and Sam were in their room when we got into ours, they were leaning out of
their window and talking to some blokes in the room below us. They said "Hi"
when they saw us and just carried on talking. I saw that they were both topless
and their big tits were hanging over the edge of the window as they talked. The
blokes below must have been able to look up and see 4 boobs staring down at
them.

After a shower Jon was feeling randy and I hard to ride him on my bed near the
window. I was going up and down on him when I saw a couple looking down on us
from the room above Becky and Sam's. I waved at them but and the man smiled, but
they didn't look away. After we had both cum I got off Jon and cleaned his dick
and balls with my tongue. I did this with my backside facing the window and my
knees apart. When I'd finished I lay on my back with my legs open and looked out
of the window. Not only were the couple still looking at us, I saw Becky, our
eyes met and she smiled and said, "Hard work was that?" "No, he's gone soft now,
but it was great while it lasted" I said. Jon looked up and saw Becky and said,
"You can sample it if you want." Beck just smiled and turned and walked. It was
then that I saw that she was naked as well.

When we finally got up I looked over to Becky and Sam's room and saw them both
at it in the 69 position with each other. You just never can tell who's bi these
days.  We sat on the balcony until about 11 o'clock and then went out for some
food and a drink. Jon told me to wear my bikini skirt and white bikini top. He
told me to fasten it so lose that it wouldn't take much for it to slide off my
boobs. He went out wearing just a T-shirt and shoes.

We ate in the KFC - upstairs. Two 'happy' youths followed us up the stairs and I
heard one of them say to his mate, "She isn't wearing any fucking knickers, I've
just seen her pussy, and she's got a chain hanging from her cunt." Halfway
though our chicken and chips, one of them came over to us and said (in a very
slurred voice), "Excuse me mate, my mate reckons that your woman has a chain
hanging from her cunt. Is that right!" Jon looked at me, smiled, looked back at
the youth and said, "Go get your mate, I'll show you." When they both got back
Jon told me to get off the stool, take my skirt off and get back on the stool
with my knees wide apart. My bikini top slipped off my right boob as I got back
on, but I didn't do anything about it. The youths unsteadily bent over and had a
long stare at my pussy and its jewellery. As they were doing that I could feel
their eyes burning into my pussy and my juices started to flow. I could feel my
lips swell and part, and my clit get harder. I'd swear that if they'd stayed
there that close for much longer then I'd have cum and squirted one on them in
the face.

Jon had been enjoying it all, and so had the young couple at the other side of
the room. I could see a bulge appearing in his shorts. As Jon told me to get
down and put my skirt back on I realised that the windows went right down to the
floor. I haven't a clue how many people out on the street saw me. As the youth
stumbled down the stairs I heard one of them say, "Fucking told you." And then,
"That's nearest you'll get to a pussy tonight."

We went into the bar that has a first floor balcony (can't remember its name)
and Jon took me upstairs onto that balcony. We both leaned on the railings and
watched the hoards of youngsters stagger by. At one point I heard a lot of
giggling below us and looked down to see a group of about 4 or 5 girls looking
up at us. They'd obviously seen either Jon's dick, or my pussy, or both.

Jon took me for a walk down by the harbour and we sat on one of those concrete
seats and watched all the people in the cafes and the square. I've never seen a
place that's so busy at that time in a morning. 

We walked back to the hotel the long quiet way and Jon took my bikini top and
skirt off me as soon as we were alone in the street. I'd walked about 300 yards
naked before a car came the opposite way. Jon said, "Just keep walking." When
the car got close its horn started sounding and some youth started shouting at
me. "Ignore them." Jon said, and we went round the corner to our hotel. As we
walked in the old man on reception stared at us. Jon just said, "someone stole
her clothes." The man didn't say anything and we went up to our room.

In the room I saw that Becky and Sam were in, and they had a couple of men with
them.  Becky and Sam were wearing just bras and knickers and the lads what
looked like boxer shorts. Jon said that he wondered if they'd just had, or were
just about to have, an orgy. He said that he didn't care (good luck to them were
his actual words) and he put the light off and we went to sleep.

Sunday July 11 - The day we came home.
We didn't have to be at the airport until 9 o'clock and we'd got up early. We
put our vests on and went to a cafe� for some breakfast. We went to the same one
that we'd been to the previous day and the same waiter was there. Jon told me
that as we wouldn't be going back there, then I was to sit with my knees open
and to slide forward in the chair. Jo also told me to slide the straps of my
vest over so that a nipple was just showing. When the waiter came over to take
our order he just couldn't take his eyes off me. We finally made it through
breakfast and then Jon told me that we were going for a walk to see how many
people we could 'accidentally' flash using the dropping the wallet trick.

In about 30 minutes we got 2 groups of youths and 3 groups of girls just going
back to their hotel after their night out, and 3 Spanish teenage girls. The
reaction of one of the Spanish girls was good, when she saw Jon's dick she
stopped walking and after a gasp, she just stood there staring and licking her
lips. One of the lads said, "Let's have a look at your tits as well," so Jon
lifted my vest right up to my neck for a few seconds. I got a little tingle in
my pussy as he did that.

We went to the airport on 2 different buses, and Jon told me to wear my non
see-through sarong and to just tuck it in so that I could get it 'caught' as I
walked down the bus. He wore just a T-shirt. As it turned out we had to run to
catch the bus in San Antonio and the sarong came off on its own. When it did I
shouted to Jon who was in front of me. He looked round and said, "keep going."
The sarong was wrapped round my left arm and the bag that I was carrying in my
left hand. I had another bag in my right hand so I couldn't do anything about
it. I must have run about a hundred yards like that with lots of people looking
at me. I finally managed to put the sarong back on just before I got onto the
bus. As I walked down the aisle in the bus a man said, "Very nice love." We sat
at the back of the bus and got our breath back.

Jon followed me onto the bus from Ibiza Town to the airport and he trapped my
sarong against a seat back. The inevitable happened and I walked the last half
of the bus in the nude. There were only a couple of teenage Spanish girls in the
back half of the bus and they just stared and giggled.

We checked-in and then went to the toilets to get changed. Jon told me to wear
Ben and my denim dungarees dress with nothing under it. As the bib of the dress
only just covers the front of my boobs I could see that a few people were going
to catch a glimpse of them. When we went though to the departure lounge we had
to go through a security check. When I walked through the archway the alarm
sounded (Ben and / or my jewellery). The man looked at me and motioned for me to
go through it again. This time when the alarm went off the man came over to me
and indicated that he wanted me to fold my arms out from my body. As he was
running his 'magnifying glass' over me, Jon said something. Because Jon was
behind me I turned my body to face him. As I was turning I suddenly remembered
what I was wearing. My right boob came out of the dungarees bib and when I
turned back the security man had stopped moving and was staring at my boob.
Silly man was going red in the face and when I pulled my dress straight, he just
waved me on.

In the departure lounge the only chairs that we could find that were free were
some very low down ones. As I sat down I realised that I was in the perfect
position for anyone passing to look up (or should I say down) my dress and see
my pussy and jewellery. I have to admit that a couple of times when a smart
looking man came passed I opened my knees a bit. Ben was making me feel randy.

Eventually we got on the plane and away, and it wasn't long before I was
regretting wearing Ben. I'd forgotten about the effects that the constant
vibrations of the aeroplane and it wasn't long before I started to cum. Jon told
me to lift the back of the dress up so that it wasn't under my pussy. He said
that he didn't want me showing a wet patch on the back of my dress to everyone
as we got off. I came twice more before we landed 2 hours later. Each time it
had been a slow build-up to the orgasm which I tried to hide. The first one was
just as the flight attendant was serving the breakfasts. My face was all red and
I was straining and biting my lip so that I didn't let out a moan or scream. The
woman asked me if I was OK, but I was in no fit state to answer so Jon told her
that I was.

When I came the second time the woman on the other side of me to Jon asked me if
there was anything that she could do to help me. When we got up to get of the
plane the waman noticed the wet patch on my seat and gave me a very sympathetic
look and said, "You'll soon be home." I'm sure that she thought I was ill and
had peed on the seat. Going through customs and collecting our luggage was a bit
of an ordeal as well. I had to take it very slowly.

We got a taxi home and no sooner than I'd taken our bags upstairs and taken my
dress off Jon told me that I'd screwed-up the video recording and that it hadn't
been recording the British Grand Prix from Silverstone. He was mad and he took
it out of my backside. I had to lean over the arm of the sofa while he gave me
50 slaps with his hand. I'm sure that hurt his hand because it certainly hurt
me. He then took me outside and strapped me face up on to the scaffolding frame.

Trevor arrived late afternoon to cut the grass, and you should have seen his
face when he saw me. He turned the corner and was stood at my feet. I pretended
not to see him, but I was sneaking a look with half closed eyes. I was thinking
about the last time that I'd been tied onto the scaffolding frame and the grass
was being cut. Jon still won't tell me if it was him or Trevor that used the
remote vibe on me, but the look on Trevor's face when he saw me then made me
think that it was Jon before. As I was thinking about that I felt my pussy
tingle and get wet.

Trevor stood there for a few seconds then moved closer and bent down to have a
closer look at my pussy. I let him have a good look then said, "Hi, just
topping-up my sun tan, just ignore me and get on with the grass will you." The
poor lad jumped and went all bright red before finally saying, "Err yes, OK" and
he went off towards the garage.

When he came back with the lawn mower he came over and asked me if I was OK. I
told him that I was, and that it was quite comfortable laying there. I could see
his eyes moving from my breasts to my pussy, and I could feel that tingling and
my juices starting to flow. Just to keep him looking at me I asked him if he
could get me a drink of water from the kitchen. He went off and when he came
back he stood next to me and held it out for me. I looked at him and then at the
glass and said, "Slight technical problem Trevor, can you hold it to my mouth
please." He looked at my face then said, "Oh yes, sorry," and put the glass to
my mouth.

When I stopped drinking I said, "Trevor, do you think that you could do me
another favour please, could you get the sun tan lotion off the kitchen table
and rub some on me please?" He didn't answer but went away and came back with
the lotion and just stood beside me again.  "Can you start with my arms and legs
please," I said. He started with my arms then went to my legs. As he was slowly
moving up my legs I was enjoying the feelings and I know my pussy lips were
swollen and gaping open. I was thinking, 'what must this 15 year old lad be
thinking.  He was rubbing sun tan lotion onto a naked woman who was spread-eagle
and tied down to a big frame.' The bulge in his shorts told me part of what he
was thinking, but I would like to have known the rest.

Trevor had stopped well short of my pussy, so I said, "Can you do right upto the
top of me legs then my body please?" He stared again and slowly and gently moved
up to the tops of my legs.  He didn't touch my pussy but he got close enough to
touch one of my rings. When that happened I shuddered a bit and moaned a bit. I
wanted him to know that I was enjoying it, but not too much.

All of a sudden he stopped working on my legs and moved up to my shoulders then
down the sides of my body to my stomach. When I decided that he probably wasn't
intending doing my breasts I said, "Can you do my breasts as well please, they
get sun-burned as well." There was a little hesitation then his hands gently
moved back up and onto my right breast first. As his fingers touched my nipple
it went even harder, I let out another moan and said, "That's nice, keep doing
that." My nipples were so hard that they were hurting. A nice hurt that was
running all the way down to my pussy.

The lad was good, and after a while he started pulling on my nipples a bit. That
sent bolts of pleasure right down to my pussy and I moaned even loader. When he
eventually moved down my body to my stomach I said, "That was nice, can you do
the rest of my body please?" When he started doing round my pussy I said, "Can
you do ALL round there please?" There was no way that I wanted him to miss
massaging my pussy, I could feel an orgasm building inside me.  As he was
rubbing lotion on my stomach I could feel Ben moving slightly inside me.

He was stood between my legs and he stopped for a few seconds before starting
rubbing the lotion onto my bald pubes. His hand started going lower until I
gasped as he touched my clit. It was already making its presence known and when
Trevor touched it, it started throbbing.

Trevor's hand started rubbing all over all of my pussy. It didn't take him long
to get a finger inside me and I started cumming. As I started Trevor stopped but
I didn't want him to stop and I told him so. As I started to come down from my
high I looked up to the bedroom window and saw Jon looking down at us with a
smile on his face. My moans and gasps must have been loud enough to disturb him.

Trevor made me cum again before he stopped and just stared at me. When I looked
at him he said, "Why have you got those rings and that chain in your cunt?" I
smiled and said, "Why not?  Why do people wear earings and studs in other parts
of their bodies? I've seen men with rings in their foreskin. No seriously, I
like them, they make me 'different' and I like people looking at them." For a
while Trevor didn't say anything, then he said, "I like them too." Just then
there was a noise as Jon opened a window. Trevor said, "I'd better get the grass
cut." And he walked off. As he came past me with the lawn mower I saw a bit wet
patch on his shorts.

It was 7 o'clock when Jon came and released and told me to go and take Ben out
and have a shower. After that he told me to get this journal up to date. He also
threatened to publish it on the Internet. I thought about that in bed that
night. When Jon had said it my intial reaction was, 'Oh my god, everyone in the
world will know what I've been doing, the shame, the embarrassment if someone
recognises me.' In the end I finally decided that it would probably be my one
and only chance for a little bit of fame. Who cares, I decided, I'm happy with
my life and why should I be ashamed about it. When I finally went to sleep I was
quite happy with the idea.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing July 12
Not a very exciting week. The only interesting bit was that I saw an ad for a
part-time hairdressing job. When I first started working for Jon I swore that I
wouldn't go back to that, but for some reason the ad seemed to jump out at me.
When I told Jon about it he said, "go for it!" The salon was in the middle of
Derby and I went there on the Thursday. I was a bit nervous when the manager
told me do a woman's hair for her.

I think that I managed to do a reasonable job and the manager seemed pleased. He
then told me that the salon cut men's hair and did waxing - legs, arm pits,
bikini line etc. and he asked me if I had any problems with doing that. We
didn't do any of those in that salon in Wales, but I've been cutting Jon's hair
for over a year now and he's been waxing more than my bikini line.  The manager
told me that they had a private room upstairs for doing the waxings, and then
asked me if I would be able to work on Fridays and Saturdays. I'd already
discussed the possibility of this with Jon so I said OK. The manager then gave
me on of their 'uniform' dresses and told me to be there at 9 o'clock the next
morning.

The uniform was a white cotton dress that fastened all down the front with
press-studs. I'd noticed that the ones that the other girls wore were slightly
see-through as I'd been able to see the shapes and colours of bras and knickers.
Wouldn't have that problem with me, but it was a bit tight and a bit long. I
couldn't do anything about it being tight, but I shortened it (not as short as
my own dresses - only to half way between my knees and my pussy) that evening. 
When I put it on my nipples were just visible when they were soft, I could see
that I would get a few people staring at them when they got hard.

Friday - My first day cutting hair again was interesting, but not really
exciting. One of the young girls is quite cheeky with the other staff and she
asked me why I wasn't wearing a bra. I said that my tits weren't big enough,
that I didn't need one, and that I never wore underwear.  That seemed to shut
her up, but she kept looking at me. I think she was trying to see an outline of
some knickers (VKL - visible knicker line as Jon calls it). I've noticed that
with the uniform dress being so tight, there is often a gap between some of the
fasteners, and that people can sometimes see some of my flesh.

Jon took me to the local pub for a drink that night. I had to wear my tight
white lycra dress that shows my dark nipples through it even when they're soft.
Before we went out Jon got 3 small rubber bands and put them on my nipples and
clit. Not only did that mean that my nipples (more like bullets) were very
visible, but I was constantly being reminded that they were there. I definitely
had to lift the back part of my dress up so that my pussy left the wet patch on
the seat on not on my dress.

When we got home Jon wouldn't let me take the rubber bands off and after he'd
fucked me and sent me to bed, I had dreams about big rubber dildos and rubber
dresses.

Saturday July 17
Woke up with extremely wet legs and a big wet patch on the bed. The rubber bands
were hurting and I was glad when Jon told me I could take them off.

Jon drove me to work and as I was getting out of the car the bottom 2
press-studs of the uniform dress popped open. There was no one around to see me
but I made a mental note to be careful to not let it happen when I didn't want
it to.

Late morning I had to cut a man's hair, he was about my age, very talkative and
he obviously fancied himself, and his chances. At one point when I was stood in
front of him he put a hand on the inside of my leg and moved it up. He couldn't
get far because of the tightness of the dress and the fact that I pulled away
from him. Later I asked one of the girls if we got a lot in there like that. She
said, "a few."

The rest of the day was busy, but not exciting, and I was tired when Jon picked
me up.

It was a warm evening and we both sat outside in the back garden, naked, eating
our tea.  Later we put some clothes on, walked to the pub and had a couple of
drinks in the beer garden before walking home. Jon was feeling randy and he took
me the long way home through where they are still building houses. He took me
into one half built house and fucked me on the bare staircase. As I was getting
up I caught my chain on something and I screamed. It really hurt, but didn't
draw blood fortunately. My pussy was still sore when I went to bed.

Sunday July 18
We went jogging in the morning and I was knackered. I don't know what got into
Jon because he was off like a marathon runner. I had trouble keeping up with
him. He'd told me to wear my tennis dress, but I never got the chance to give
anyone a pleasant surprise.

The rest of the day was spent in the garden sunbathing and gardening. Trevor had
been and cut the grass the day before and Jon hadn't told him where I was when
he asked.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing July 19
Before he went to work on the Monday, Jon put the rubber bands on my nipples and
clit again.  He told me to leave them there all day, and by the time I got to
Tescos in the afternoon, both my nipples and clit were throbbing. The pain and
pleasure made my juices run and I'm sure that if anyone had looked at me closely
then they'd have seen my juices down the insides of my thighs.

Walking around made it worse and in the end I came as I was coming home. I
thought about using the fucking machine, but it was too close to when Jon was
due home. After tea he made me frig myself while lying spread-eagle on the back
lawn. After he watched me cum he fucked me over the side of the scaffolding
frame.

Friday - Got to work a bit early, and so did the cheeky young girl. Her name's
Debbie and we got talking. She's OK once you get to know her and as we both had
our lunch breaks at the same time we went to the coffee house down the street
together. The conversation got onto men and sex, and she asked me if I was
wearing any knickers (it was obvious that I wasn't wearing a bra). When I said
that I wasn't she said that she thought not, and that she wasn't either. I'd
worked out that she wasn't wearing a bra, but her uniform dress wasn't as tight
as mine, nor was the material as thin, and it was difficult to tell.

Debbie started telling me about what she called 'pussy power'. She'd only just
got started when one of the other girls from the salon came in and joined us. We
didn't get chance to talk about 'pussy power' again until just as we were
leaving. She suggested that we get together for a good chat.

Nothing else exciting happened that day, other than that Jon took me to bed with
him that night. He fucked me from behind before he went to sleep still inside
me.

Saturday July 24
A busy day. Hardly got a chance to breathe, but I did manage to have a quick
chat with Debbie. We arranged for her to come round on the Monday for a chat.

Late in the afternoon I got told to wax a man's legs. I'd never heard of a man
waxing his legs before and had to ask if I'd heard it right. When I saw the man
it didn't surprise me, he looked and acted more like a woman that a lot of women
do - very sweet. When I took him upstairs and he took his trousers off I got a
little shock. He was wearing some see-through women's knickers. I had trouble
keeping a straight face because he looked so stupid. I did though, and it was
even funnier when I ripped the wax strips off. The little effeminate whimpering
was amazing, and he got a little hard-on. I say little because it was, Jon's
thumb is as big as his dick. Poor man.

That night Jon took me to country pub for a meal. We sat outside and didn't get
a chance to have any fun. The food was good though.

Sunday July 25
A quiet day, nothing exciting happened, but Jon tried to explain the ins and
outs of formula one racing which was coming from Austria. I just liked the
crashes.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing July 26
Monday - Debbie came round at about 11:00 o'clock and she looked surprised to
see me naked when I opened the door. I put the kettle on but she wanted
something stronger. Over a few martinis in the conservatory we told each other
all about ourselves.

I did most of the talking to start off with, explaining all about my change of
life and Jon. She seemed very interested in some aspects, but she said that she
liked to be in control, she didn't like men telling her what to do.

I asked Debbie about 'pussy power' and she told me that she discovered it when
she was about 15. She's been trying to persuade her father (one parent family)
to let her stay late at a party and wasn't being too successful. She'd been
getting ready to go out and in the shower she'd decided to have one more go at
him. She'd gone downstairs in just a towelling robe and sat on his lap trying to
be nice to him when she realised that he was getting a hard-on. It was then that
she realised that he was looking at her tits down the top of the robe. Deciding
that she might just be able to use that to persuade him, she'd started twisting
round and moving around on his lap. By the time he'd finally agreed, his dick
was pushing up between her legs (still with his trousers and her robe on) and
the top of the robe was gaping open.

Debbie had realised that she now had a means of getting her father to agree to
whatever she wanted. She used to leave the bathroom door open while she was in
the shower or while getting dressed in her bedroom, bend over wearing only a
short T-shirt, and things like that.  She said that it worked every time. I wish
that I'd thought of that and had the nerve to try it when I was a kid, but
everything at my parents home was so 'old fashioned' and kids back home just
weren't like that.

Once Debbie had started using 'pussy power' on her father, she realised that she
had something that would work on other men as well. She'd used it at school to
get better grades.  She said that there was one teacher who taught history which
she wasn't very good at, and wasn't very interested in, but she ended up getting
an A+.

The teacher was an arrogant man who fancied himself. One day Debbie had sat at
the front of the class and let her legs open a bit. She'd kept watching the
teacher's eyes and spotted that he'd been looking at her legs, so she'd opened
them a bit more. At the end of the lesson she'd stayed back and asked him what
she could do to improve her grades. The teacher had said something like; "It's
amazing how a student sitting at the front of the class can SHOW their full
potential, even if no one else can see it. Debbie, you sit at the front of the
class and be more OPEN about the subject, SHOW me what you've got UNDERNEATH
that exteria of yours. I like to SEE MORE of my students HIDDEN talents. Do you
hear what I'm saying Debbie?" As he was saying all that his eyes were looking
down at her thighs.

What he'd said could have been taken either way, but Debbie knew which way he
meant it and decided to use her 'pussy power'. Just to make sure that he knew
that she knew what he meant, Debbie said something like, "Let me see if I've
understood you right. If I SHOW you a different part of me, one that I've kept
HIDDEN UNDERNEATH, then I could get top marks in your class, and it doesn't
matter if ANYONE ELSE sees it too. Is that right?" The teacher had replied
saying, "I think we understand each other now Debbie, you sit in that desk next
lesson and let's see how you get on. Okay?"

For the next history lesson she wore a short skirt, sat at the front and flashed
her knickers to him a few times. Because she was on the front row, non of the
other students could see what was going on. At the end of the lesson Debbie
stayed back and asked the teacher how she was getting on. He'd replied something
like, "Debbie, if you continue improving as you did today, then I'm sure that
your grades will improve. Remember, the MORE effort that you SHOW me, the better
the grade will be."

Her next homework got a C+. The following week she kept her legs open for most
of the lesson and her home work got a B. The week after that she decided to
leave her knickers off and flashed him her hairy puss, not for long, just enough
to let him know what she wasn't wearing.  Just for good measure she'd put her
hand under her skirt and scratched her pussy one time that he was looking.

This went on for a few weeks and got to the stage where Debbie was sitting there
with her legs quite open, with no knickers on. Some times she'd have a little
play with herself while he was watching. Debbie said that she was enjoying it
and the teacher must have been able to see her juices seeping out. All that time
Debbie's grades were getting better, but never got better than an A. Debbie
wanted an A+ and decided to do something special to get it. The next week when
she opened her legs for the teacher to see her pussy he nearly choked. He
coughed and spluttered for ages before regaining his composure. Debbie had
shaved her pussy and every wet fold and hole was staring him in the face as she
smiled at him. She got her A+.

Debbie discovered that she got pleasure from showing her body to girls as well.
In the girls gym changing rooms all the girls used to quickly wrap a towel round
themselves when they went to and from the showers. Debbie stopped doing that and
slowly walked to the showers.  When she'd shaved her pussy some of the girls had
started whispering and giggling when they saw her. They'd obviously talked about
it to the other kids, and one day Debbie had been a little surprised to
over-hear one boy telling his mates in the corridor, "That's the girl that
shaves her cunt." At first she'd been a bit shocked, but it hadn't taken long
for her to realise that it had made her pussy wet and she'd gone to the toilets
to masturbate.

I think it was at about that point in the conversation that Debbie stopped
talking about her past, and asked me about my rings and chain. She said that she
had never even considered doing anything like that and wanted to know what it
was like. While Debbie had been telling me about her 'pussy power' discovery at
school her legs had relaxed and opened. I'd been so interested in what she was
saying that I hadn't noticed, that was until she'd asked about my rings. As I
was telling her about how I got them I noticed that I could see her pubic hair.
When I mentioned that I could see that she wasn't wearing knickers she said that
it was warm in there (conservatories and hot days!), so we went outside and lay
on the grass. Debbie asked if I was worried about being outside naked, and when
I told her that no one could see she decided to strip off as well. She used the
excuse about not wanting any white lines.

Debbie has a nice slim body, her breasts are a bit bigger than mine are, but not
too big. Her hair is dark brown and she keeps it trimmed very short. She said
that she often shaved it all off, but she just couldn't be bothered to shave
every day. I told her that I hadn't shaved for months after I used the Sonique
depilatory machine on my pubes.

I topped-up our glasses and Debbie continued with her story. Her teasing wasn't
just confined to her father at home and at school, she'd started stopping in the
park that she had to go through to get to school. She used to sit either on the
grass or a bench if the grass was wet, and let her legs open up. She said that
she was amazed at the number of men who would stop and stare, or go up to her
and start talking.

She told me about one party that she'd gone to wearing just baggy shorts and a
tie front blouse. Everyone had been sitting round on the floor and she'd noticed
the number of boys that came over to her and asked if they could get her a
drink. After a while she realised that they were looking up her shorts and
seeing her naked shaved pussy. Once she'd realised she opened her legs more,
giving then a view of a wet pussy.

It was an end of term party at one of her schoolmates' house, and the booze was
really flowing. One of her girl friends was really knocking it back and it
didn't take that long for her to pass out. Two of the lads took her upstairs to
sleep it off on one of the beds. Debbie said that about 20 minutes later she'd
had to go upstairs for a pee and she looked through a partially closed door into
one of bedrooms. She'd got quite a shock when she'd seen her friend (out cold),
with her skirt up round her waist, her knickers round one ankle and her top up
round her neck. One of the lads was wanking and shooting his load all over her
face. The other lad was bent over her licking her pussy.

Debbie had stared for a minute before moving away. She's never thought much
about oral sex before and watching what the lads were doing had got her excited.
She wanted a slice of that and as she was going back downstairs she devised a
plan to get some.

Back downstairs she sat down where she'd been and waited until the 2 lads came
downstairs and came to talk to her. When they did she pretended to have drunk
too much, slurring her speech and swaying about. After a while she pretended to
pass out. As with her mate, the 2 lads carried her upstairs and plonked her down
next to her mate who they'd partially dressed again. She lay there with her eyes
shut pretending to have passed out, listening and waiting to see what happened.

One of the lads grabbed her arm and shook her, then gently slapped her face.
When they got no response one of them said, "She's right out of it, what shall
we do with her?" The other lad said, "For starters we'll get those shorts off
and open that blouse, I want to see if her cunt is really completely bald." With
that she felt her shorts and blouse being opened and her shorts being pulled
down. As her bald pussy was exposed she heard one of them say, "Wow, look at
that!" Her shorts were pulled right off and then her legs were opened wide.
Debbie said that she was getting very aroused by all that and that her pussy
felt like it was about to explode.

There was a short pause at that point as the 2 lads were obviously enjoying the
view, then one of them said, "I really fancy fucking her, but I suppose that
we'd better not, I don't know if she's still a virgin and I don't want to risk
getting blood all over Katrina's parents bed. She'd have trouble explaining
that." Debbie told me that she was virgin (technically) at that time, and that
she'd been a bit disappointed at that point, but things looked up very soon.

The other lad said, "Yeah, best not, but we can still have fun like we did with
Gemma. You take her face and I'll eat her cunt, then we can swap." The next
think that Debbie knew was that she felt one of them breathing all over her
pussy, then she felt a tongue touch her clit. She couldn't help herself; she let
out a little moan. That caused the lads to stop for a second, but when she
didn't 'wake up', they continued.

The lad eating her was really getting her going when all of a sudden she felt
something touch her head lips. Natural reaction took over and she opened her
mouth and a dick went slightly in.  Debbie said that she automatically started
sucking on it, which caused the lad to say, "Christ, she's sucking me." And suck
she did, and she said that he came within a couple of minutes.  Debbie said that
she didn't have time to think about whether or not to swallow his cum, before
she realised it, it was in her throat and going down. She said that she'd gagged
a bit, but then calmed down and continued sucking until he'd gone soft and
pulled out. All that time the lad had been 'mauling' her tits quite roughly.

Meanwhile the lad who was eating her was getting her very close to cuming
herself. Before she did cum, the lad stopped and she heard one of them say,
"Bloody hell, that was good, much better than Gemma. It's much better when they
don't have any hair on their cunts." Then there was silence for a minute or so
before she felt another mouth start on her pussy and another dick touch her
mouth lips.

Automatically her mouth opened. The second dick was different, it wasn't as
thick, but it was longer, and it wasn't long before it was pushing at the back
of the throat as she sucked away at it. At first the length had been a problem
and she felt like she was choking, but she just relaxed and down it went until
it felt like she had a broom handle down her throat. When the lad started to cum
Debbie swallowed all of it without really tasting it.

Meanwhile the other lad was sucking at her clit and pushing his tongue into her
hole. She just couldn't help moaning as much as she could with a dick down her
throat, and it wasn't long before she could feel her body shuddering as she
started to cum. Both lads backed-off as she was shuddering, and when she stopped
she heard one of them say, "That was amazing, I didn't know that a woman could
cum when she was out cold." The other one said, "Well you do now. What shall we
do with her now?" They decided to pull her shorts back on and to tie her blouse,
and then they left her laid on the bed next to her mate.

The next term at school was Debbie's last, she didn't want to go to university
so she decided that to get a reasonable job she needed to get some good results.
When she first went to the history class the teacher had spoken to her as all
the kids were walking in. He's said that he hoped that she would be DISPLAYING
all her hidden talents again that term. Straight away Debbie realised what he
meant and decided to get more A+ grades.

Debbie had worn knickers to school that day, but that didn't stop her letting
the history teacher see what colour they were, or the damp spot as it appeared
over the next 30 minutes or so. At the end of the lesson the teacher stopped her
from leaving and told her that she had made a good start to the term, but he was
sure that she could SHOW him MORE of her hidden talents.  He also told her that
she would be able to get better graded in english, french and geography if she
sat at the front of those classes and SHOWED her HIDDEN talents to those
teachers.

At first Debbie had been a little shocked to realise that the history teacher
had been telling other teachers their little secret. She didn't want to flash
everything she'd got straight away to those teachers so she decided to reveal a
bit at a time to them. Over the next few weeks she showed a bit more each time,
but in the end she lost track of which teachers had seen her bald pussy and
which ones hadn't. She'd also get fed-up with trying to keep track of when she
had to go and take her knickers of and when she had to put them on, so in the
end she just didn't bother putting any on in a morning and went to school
without any every day.

The english teacher had been a bit more demanding than the rest, and had told
her to be more imaginative in her efforts to SHOW him her HIDDEN talents. He had
told her to let her 'FINGERS DO THE TALKING' with her solutions to wanting to
improve her grades. It had take Debbie a while to realise that the english
teacher had wanted her to frig herself as well as showing him everything that
she'd got.

It took a couple of english lessons for Debbie to progress from a quick
fingering to full-blown masturbation in the middle of the english lesson. When
she finally did it she had been worried that everyone else in the class would
realise what she was doing, but she'd managed to keep still and quiet even
though she'd wanted to scream her head off. The other kids had known that
something was going on, but it was the teacher talking garbage and getting a bit
flustered that they commented on later, nothing to do with her.

By the end of her last year at school, Debbie was getting A+ grades without any
effort whatsoever.

PE lessons proved to be a bit interesting sometimes. They played tennis
sometimes and some of the boys had realised that Debbie wasn't wearing knickers.
They often used to hang around trying to get a glimpse up her little sports
skirt, but she used to ignore them so that she didn't get into any trouble with
the gym teacher.

While all this had been going on at school Debbie had been having fun at home as
well. Her 'accidental' showing of her body to her father had been put into
reverse, and he'd been doing the same to her. A few times she'd seen him naked
in the shower or getting dressed and one time she'd seen him with a hard-on and
she'd really stared at him until he'd seen her and turned away.

One time she'd wanted to go to a concert with a few friends but her father
wouldn't let her, so after she'd had a shower and was walking back to her room
from the bathroom, with just a towel round her, she'd seen him in his room in
bed reading. She decided to have another go at persuading him so she'd gone in
and lay on the bed next to him and asked him again. This time when he said 'no'
she cuddled up to him and pleaded with him. They'd started horse playing about
(all innocent like), but Debbie had made sure that she 'lost' the towel, and
quilt ended-up on the floor as well. Like Debbie, her father slept naked and
they ended-up with him on his back and her knelt either side of him tickling
him. When they both realised the position they were in they just stared at each
other. Debbie started to feel his dick poking in her back so she'd slowly eased
herself down so that his dick was touching her pussy.

As he was quietly saying that it shouldn't be happening, Debbie lowered herself
onto him.  She'd been a virgin until then and it hurt like hell, but she lost
her cherry to her father that night. Her father had kept saying that they
shouldn't, but at the same time neither of them could stop themselves. They had
sex together for about a month before her father finally made her stop going to
his bed.

Oh, she went to the concert.

Another exciting story that Debbie told me was about the end of school party.
The one at school had been a bit boring so a group of them (boys and girls) had
gone to one of their parents houses, one where the parents were away. Anyway
they'd raided the booze cabinet and most of them (including Debbie) had had too
much to drink. Someone suggested a game of strip spin the bottle. At first there
were a few who didn't want to know, but eventually they all sat on the floor in
a circle. The rules were that when it was your turn you had to put a blindfold
on, then spin the bottle. The person of the opposite sex who was nearest where
the bottle stopped had then to remove one article of clothing from the person
who had spun the bottle.

Because it was summer, Debbie hadn't been wearing much (just shoes, skirt and
top) and it wasn't long before she was the first one naked. After most of them
were either naked or nearly naked, a couple of the girls lost their nerve and
the whole game stopped. Someone put some music on and Debbie started dancing
without getting dressed.

Debbie can't remember much after that as the alcohol took over and she just
about passed out. The next thing she remembers is waking-up on the lounge floor
next morning, still naked and with a very sore pussy. She doesn't know what made
her sore, and she doesn't think she was fucked, well not without a condom on,
and she didn't get pregnant. Non of the other kids there could remember much
either - or wouldn't tell her.

It was at about that point in the conversation that Jon suddenly appeared.
Debbie and me were still laid on the grass, naked, and getting quite happy on
the martini's when Debbie saw Jon. She jumped up, tried to cover herself and
said, "I thought you said no one would see us." I laughed and introduced Jon who
told her to stop being so shy and relax.

After the introductions Jon told me to go and get some food for us all and I
left them talking.  When I took the food out Jon had stripped off and was
enjoying the sun as well. I'm sure that he was enjoying looking a Debbie as well
because his dick was well on the way to a big hard-on. Debbie appeared to be
enjoying herself as well. She was sitting on the grass with her knees under her
chin showing Jon everything that she's got. I said to her, "I don't think your
pussy power will work with Jon, he's too used to seeing naked pussy." Debbie
replied, "Yeah, after what you've told me I didn't really think it would work,
but I'm having fun trying."

A bit later Debbie decided that it was time that she went home and got dressed.
As we were walking her to the front Jon asked if I'd shown her all round the
house. When she said "no," Jon told her that she must come and see out
punishment room. He guaranteed that she'd enjoy it. Looking a little intrigued
Debbie said, "OK, I will, and can I borrow that hair remover machine," as she
walked to the bus stop.

The rest of the week wasn't very exciting apart from when I went to Tescos on
the Thursday afternoon. There was this young lad that was looking at me as I
bent over the freezers. I was wearing a very lose, low-cut top and as I bent
over I could feel it dropping off my breasts. The lad was the other side of the
freezers and staring straight down my top to my breasts. Every time that I moved
to another freezer he would quickly go to the other side of it and have another
look. Stupid boy, if he'd got himself behind me then he'd have see a lot more
than my breasts.

Friday at work wasn't very interesting, at lunchtime I cut the hair of one man
who insisted in pushing his elbows into my pussy as I tried to reach to his
head. Don't know if he realised that I was actually enjoying it. At break time I
managed to have a chat with Debbie as we drank our coffee. She asked if she
could visit me again on the Monday. I told her to make it early as removing all
her pubic hair would take a long time.

That night Jon took me for a long pleasant evening stroll out over the nearby
fields. He took my dress off and fucked me in the middle of a field full of
cows. I was a bit scared that one of them might come and trample on me or
something, but Jon told me to stop worrying. After that we called in at the pub
at the end of the road for a drink. We sat on the tables outside and I could
feel all our cum dribbling out of me. When I got up to leave I saw a couple of
drops that had escaped and dripped through the gaps in the bench.

Saturday July 31
A busy morning and I was glad when it was lunchtime. Debbie and me both had the
same lunch break so we went to the coffee shop down the road. She asked again if
I would permanently remove her pubic hair for her. I said yes and reminded her
to be at our house early on the Monday morning. Debbie told me that she'd been
saving up to buy herself a car and would be glad when she didn't have to rely on
buses. She said that she had just about got enough money dependent upon how much
discount she could get with her 'pussy power'. I told her that I would like to
help her with that and said that, "Two pussies are better than one." As we were
laughing about that one of the other girls from the salon joined us so the
conversation got boring.

In the middle of the afternoon the manager asked me to wax a ladies legs. She
looked slightly older than me, and as we went upstairs she quietly asked me if I
would trim her hair 'down there'. At first I didn't realise what she was wanting
and I just said, "Yes, sure, no problem." It was only when she lifted her skirt
up and took her knickers off that I realised what she meant.  She sat on the
reclining chair with her legs up waiting for me to get the wax strips sorted
out.

As I was 'doing' her legs she was telling me all about the new love of her life.
When I'd finished her legs she told me that she wanted to be left with just a
heart shape of short pubic hair, with the bottom of the heart starting at the
top of her slit. As she was telling me this she opened her legs wide and 'drew'
the shape of the heart with a finger. I though that I'd trim away most of her
dark brown bush and then use an eyeliner pencil to mark out the heart on her
skin.

She was talking all the time that I was trimming her hair, but most of what she
was saying didn't make any sense. I guess that she was nervous. It only took me
a few minutes to do the trimming, but by the time I'd finished her pussy lips
were swollen and open and her juices were starting to seep out. She seemed a
little embarrassed so I said, "You know, by this stage most women have had their
first orgasm." That seemed to make her relax a bit, but that distinctive aroma
of a woman's pussy was filling the room. She jumped a bit as the eyeliner pencil
touched her skin, but she settled down as we agreed on the shape and size of the
heart.

Next came the painful part as I got a couple of wax strips and put them on
either side of her pussy lips. I didn't ask her if she was ready, I just did it.
She screamed as I ripped the first one off. I was stood beside her, and as soon
as the first one was off her hand went round my leg and up my dress. She was
looking waiting for the second one to come off, and as it did her hand went up
the inside of my thigh and grabbed it just below my pussy. That second strip
missed a few hairs and I told her that I'd come back to them.

The next 2 were up the sides of the heart and were easy to do. Just before each
one came off her hand started pushing up against my pussy. By that time I think
that my pussy was just as wet as hers was. When they were off I had to go over
to the table to get some more strips. I pulled away from her and she let go of
me, but as she was letting go the pressure made the 2 bottom fasteners on my
dress come undone and for a second she could see that I was naked under the
dress. She just smiled and said, "I thought so."

We were alone in there with the door shut so I didn't bother fastening the
dress, and when I went back to her to do the top of the heart, her hand went
straight up my dress and round to my pussy. As I was delicately cutting the wax
strip to the right shape her hand was playing with my pussy. As I pulled that
top strip off, a finger went inside me, and she came. She shuddered and moaned
for ages as her finger pushed hard into me. I was glad when her orgasm started
to subside as she was starting to hurt me.

There was just one more strip to go to remove the few stubborn hairs on the left
side of her pussy. She was so wet that I had to dry her with a tissue before
putting the strip on. As it came off her finger shot into me again. I'm sure
that if there had been any more to do then I would have cum as well.

After that there was just the final trimming of the heart to do and then the
inspection. As I was holding the mirror for her to see herself she said, "Look
at me, I look like Ken's just cum inside me and it's starting to leak out." "You
look perfectly normal to me." I said. She then said, "I couldn't help but notice
that you've got your labia pierced, would you mind if I had a look, Ken's talked
to me about it and I'd like to see what I'd look like." I didn't mind so I
pulled back the sides of the dress to show her. I wasn't thinking about how much
pressure was needed and the rest of the press-studs popped open, and I was left
showing the whole of the front of my naked body. When she said, "What does it
look like from underneath," I opened my legs wide.  She got off the chair, stood
in front of me and put a hand on my pubes with her fingers pressing into my hole
pushing part of the chain in as well, and said; "Very nice, I bet your boyfriend
loves it." "He does." I said, and backed off.

There was something about her that I didn't really like, I can't put my finger
on what, but I wasn't going to let her do more to me than was necessary to get
my job done. I know I was getting a bit sexually excited by it, but it just
didn't feel right. I fastened my dress as she put her knickers on and she
followed me down the stairs. As I gave her her change at the till she gave me a
�10 tip, and said, "Thank you, you were wonderful." Nothing much happened after
that and Jon picked me up at 5 o'clock and took me home.

Jon didn't fancy going out that evening so we had a quiet night in front of the
TV.

Sunday August 1
A boring day, nothing exciting happened. Jon spent most of the day either
watching motor racing or working on his PC while I soaked up some sun.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing August 2
Monday - Debbie surprised us by arriving just before Jon left for work. Jon
greeted her at the door saying, "You're keen aren't you, can't wait to get rid
of all that horrible hair then." Debbie looked a little bit embarrassed as Jon
said good-bye and left. We had some breakfast and then I said, "Come on then
girl, get 'em off." We both laughed as Debbie whipped off her top and skirt. She
hadn't been wearing any underwear. The no bra had been obvious but with a lose
skirt it's never easy to tell.

Debbie was now as naked as I was, and I invited her to come and have a look at
the punishment room while I got the Sonique depilatory machine out. When Debbie
first saw what was in the punishment room she just stopped dead in her tracks
and said, "What the hell's all this?" I explained it all to her but she said
that she couldn't understand how the 'fucking machine' worked. I told her that I
guaranteed that it did, and that I'd show her it in action after we'd got rid of
all that hair. As I said that I lightly ran my fingers over her pubic hair.

The next question was where were we going to perform the operation. I suggested
outside on the grass, but Debbie said that it was a bit 'fresh' for her at that
time of the morning, so we settled for the conservatory. I got lots of cushions
and put them on the floor for her. Debbie had trimmed her pubes so that they
were all about a quarter of an inch long, which made it easier for me. I
suggested that I started with the hairs inside and round her lips saying that I
wanted to get them out before she got too wet. Debbie said that she wouldn't get
wet, but I just said, "You will girl."

I must say that it took a lot longer for me to see and smell her juices than I'd
thought. It was about an hour, just before I was ready for a break. Debbie has a
nice pussy, not a very big clit though, and just to let her know that I knew she
was 'warming-up', I quickly slipped a finger in and then out of her hole and
then said, "Told you so, come on, let's have a coffee." Debbie had gasped a bit
as my finger went into her, and then she looked a bit embarrassed as we got up
and went into the kitchen. Nothing was said about it over coffee, but when she
got back onto the floor and spread her legs I could see that her natural
chemistry had taken over and all her pussy lips very wet.

As I started with the machine again I told her all about my last trip to the
doctor's when there had been the couple of student doctors there and I'd cum in
the middle of being examined.  Debbie (and me) was laughing about it, but at the
same time her pussy was getting wetter.

By late morning I'd just about got all round her lips done and had got some of
the front done.  My back was aching and I needed a break so we went for a walk
round the garden, then upstairs to the punishment room. Debbie asked where it
got its name from so I climbed onto the 'whipping-T' and put myself into the
position that I was often in. Debbie said that the 'fucking machine' part now
made more sense, but that she would never let anyone beat her like that. She
couldn't understand when I tried to explain that although the pain was bad, it
really tuned me on, and that I often had an orgasm just through the pain.

When she said that she still couldn't understand, I offered to let her watch the
next time Jon punished me. I told her that I was sure that Jon wouldn't mind,
but she wasn't sure. We went back down to the conservatory to start again, but
it was so hot in there that Debbie asked if we could move out onto the patio.

We'd been at it for about an hour when I heard the side gate open. Trevor had
come to cut the grass. Debbie was startled and tried to get up until I told her
that it was only a 15-year-old lad who had come to cut the grass. I think that
her state of sexual excitement had a bit to do with it, and she quickly relaxed
as I told her about the times that Trevor had seen me naked and perhaps done
things to my body without me knowing who was doing them. Debbie said that I had
an amazing life.

Trevor got on with his job and I got on with mine. There was very little
conversation with Trevor (probably because he couldn't get a word in with Debbie
and me rabbiting on), but whenever I looked at him he seemed to be looking at
us. It took Trevor twice as long to cut the grass as it used to take me, but
there again what would you expect from a 15-year-old boy in that situation.

It was the middle of the afternoon when I finally finished and let Debbie
examine her now permanently bald pussy. She said that it reminded her of the
times she'd had to use communal showers at junior school and there had only been
one or two of the girls who had had hair by then. We both laughed and went for
the martini bottle.

After a couple of drinks I asked Debbie if she wanted to have a go on the
'fucking machine'.  She said that she wasn't sure so I said that I'd show her
how it worked first, then let her decide. We took our glasses and the bottle and
went upstairs. I got a couple of chairs and rigged everything up and switched
the motor on. I then climbed up, strapped my wrists together and hooked them
onto the rope. My arms were going up and down, but my legs were supporting my
weight and keeping my pussy above the dildo. The anticipation had lubricated my
pussy so I didn't have any problems as I lowered myself onto the dildo as I
looked at Debbie. Her face was a picture of fascination and envy. She was
already holding a hand on her pussy.

On one up-stroke I lifted my feet of the chairs and let them hang down. The
motor was now doing all the work and I was just taking the pleasure. It didn't
take long before I started to feel an orgasm building deep inside me, and within
about 10 minutes I was cumming. As I calmed down I saw that Debbie's hand was
busy working on her pussy.

I lifted my feet onto the chairs and lifted myself up so that I was off the
dildo, then asked Debbie if she wanted a go. "You bet!" was the reply, and she
was helping me untie my wrists in seconds. As Debbie lowered herself onto the
dildo she let out a big gasp, and it took a few seconds before she got into the
rhythm of the machine and lifted her feet of the chairs.

When she did I moved them out of the way and told her to relax and go with the
flow. It wasn't long before she was moaning and sighing and within about 5
minutes she was screaming, "Yes, yes!" as she came for the first time. As she
calmed down I asked her if she wanted me to put the chairs back so that she
could stop. As she said was, "Don't you dare!"

Just as she was cumming for the second time Jon walked in the door. I hadn't
realised what the time was. He didn't waste any time in telling me to get on the
'whipping-T' and strapping me down. Debbie was facing the whipping end and my
head was very close to her bald pubes as she went up and down. She'd seen Jon
come in but hadn't said anything, I guess that she was too interested in the
pleasure she was getting to care.

The moans from Debbie made me believe that she was about to cum for the third
time but they stopped when Jon landed the first stroke of the cane. As I said,
"One, thank you Master" Debbie went all silent. By the time I got to, "Ten,
thank you Master" Debbie was moaning again, and I was getting close to cumming.
Jon landed the next 3 so that the cane end whipped round and hit my clit (he's
getting very good at doing that). I came on the 13th stroke, and Debbie came
shortly after that.

Jon stopped after that, switched the motor off with Debbie in the down position,
and then dropped his trousers and fucked me from behind as Debbie looked down at
us. After he had cum he pulled his dick out of me then pulled his trousers up.
Debbie was silent as Jon undid the velcro fasteners and let me get down. I put
the chairs in position and helped Debbie lift herself up. When she was on her
feet she said, "That was just amazing, I've never felt anything like that
before, and never seen anything like that before. Did you really enjoy that
Vanessa?" "I came didn't I" I said.

Debbie and me went to the bathroom to get cleaned-up and then went down to join
Jon.  Debbie got her top and skirt and put them on. As she did Jon said, "Your
bald pussy looks good Debbie." For some strange reason this embarrassed her and
she went all red. I got us all some tea and then Debbie said she had better be
going, but not before she asked if she could come again, and if we would help
her buy a car. When I explained what she was talking about, Jon said that he
would be happy to give some cars the 'once over' for her, then stand back and
let us girls manipulate the salesman.

The rest of the week wasn't anything special, nor was work on the Friday. The
paperboy came for his money on the Thursday evening, but he's seen me naked that
often that it doesn't do anything for me anymore.

Saturday August 7
Saturday wasn't too bad. Had a chat with Debbie who asked if we would help her
buy a car on the Sunday.

Sunday August 8
Jon took me to the gym and really made me work hard. I had to wear my white
lycra shorts and bikini top, AND my Ben Wa balls. It wasn't long before my pussy
was soaking the shorts and I was glad that I didn't have any pubic hair to show
through the then near transparent lycra. When it came to the exercise cycle Jon
set the saddle quite high and I had to slide from side to side on it. Just as I
was getting on a youth of about 16 or 17 came into the gym and started working
out just in front of me. Within a minute of getting on the cycle I realised that
Ben would be working overtime and that it wouldn't be long before I had an
orgasm. I started sweating a lot more and I wasn't sure if it was because of the
exercise or from my attempts to not cum.

I couldn't help it; I let out a slow moan that attracted the attention of the
youth. He asked me if I was OK and then kept watching me after I managed to say,
"yes - thank you." The orgasm was coming and there was nothing that I could do
to stop it. I tried to pedal faster to try to hide my shaking as I started to
cum. The expression on my face must have been amazing. The faster I pedalled the
more I came. In the end I just stopped pedalling and collapsed onto the
handlebars gasping for breath. The youth asked me if I was OK again. All I could
manage to say was, "Oh yes."

That was one of the deepest orgasms that I've ever had. Getting myself off like
that with a young man stood just in front of me, watching me, really turned me
on. I don't know if he knew what was going on, but the bulge in his shorts told
me that he'd enjoyed it. I decided that I'd try to remember to wear Ben every
time that I go to the gym. When I'd calmed down I looked over to Jon who was
also watching me and smiling.

From there we went to the pool where Jon told me to take Ben out. I'd never
thought about taking them out under water. It wasn't as easy as when I'm stood
on dry land, and it was fortunate that there were very few people in the pool.

I was glad of the cool water though it really made my nipples stick out. We
didn't stay long there and went home to wait for Debbie. As we were driving to
the first car showroom I told her about the gym. She'd never heard of Ben Wa
balls so Jon promised to buy her some.

The first car place wasn't very promising. Firstly there weren't any cars that
Debbie liked, and secondly the salesman was an old man that neither Debbie nor I
fancied flashing our pussies at. We'd arranged it so that Debbie and me would go
in and have a look round, then come out and tell Jon which car(s) she fancied.
Jon would then go in and have a look at it / them and then come out and tell us
what he thought. If he was happy then we'd go back in and start working on the
salesman. Debbie wore a loose blouse and a short tight skirt. I wore my baggy
cheesecloth dress. Not a piece of underwear between us.

At the second place we struck lucky. It was a big place and there were quite a
few cars that Debbie fancied. Also, most of the salesmen were in their twenties,
and there were a few that were quite dishy. As we looked round we saw a few of
them eyeing us up, and 3 of them came up to us and asked if we needed any help.
Debbie finally decided on 2 cars that she fancied and we out to where Jon was
and told him which ones. Ten minutes later Jon bas back saying that both of them
looked OK to him but reminded us to ask about warranties.

Within seconds of us starting to look at one of the cars, one of the salesmen
pounced. Debbie asked him to tell us all about the car while we listened and
looked. Debbie was the first to flash her tits at him as she bent-over to look
at the engine. He was stood at the other side of the car and I saw his eyes open
wide as her blouse fell away from her chest. I got into the driver's seat and
adjusted my dress while he was still looking at Debbie. When he turned to look
at me he was staring right at my pussy. I'd sat with my knees open so he could
see the lot.

He was mumbling something and looking a bit red in the face when Debbie asked
him if there was much room for the passengers to get into the back (it only has
2 doors). "Let me show you," the salesman said as he went round to her side and
held open the door. Debbie bent over to climb in but stayed half in and half out
with him behind her. He must have had a fantastic close-up view of her pussy. I
could just see round part of Debbie and could see the bulge in his trousers.

After what seemed like hours, Debbie finally climbed right in and flopped down
with her legs at his side and her butt at the other side. Even if her tight
little skirt hadn't ridden-up he would have been able to see all her pussy. As
it had ridden-up he could see the bottom half of her naked stomach as well.
After a couple of seconds Debbie said, "Shouldn't really wear short skirts when
climbing into the back of cars should I?" "Oh, I'm not complaining," said the
salesman. I said, "neither am I." That made him turn to me with a puzzled look
on his face.  "Right then, lets have a look at the red one over there." Debbie
said.

As we followed the salesman over I whispered to Debbie that it was my turn to
get in the back.

"Spoil-sport" was all she said.

The salesman went on about the history of the car or something, but I wasn't
really listening.

Neither was Debbie, and we kept asking him what some bit was, or what something
else did.  Each time we either bent over so that he could see down our tops or
up our skirts. At one point I saw that another of the salesmen had got into the
car next to us and was pretending to do something to it as he looked over to us.

I made sure that the other salesman got a real good view of my ass and pussy as
I got in the back. I bet that he'd have a hard-on for hours after we left.
Debbie had climbed into the driver's seat and was asking the salesman to explain
what each of the "knobs and dicks" did.  At least I think she said 'dicks' and
not 'sticks', the salesman took it as 'sticks' because he quickly said, "and
this stick controls the indicators."

As I climbed out of the car backwards to give the other salesman another look,
Debbie asked, "Was there enough room to have a bit of hanky-panky in the back
Vanessa?" I finished getting out, then got back into the front seat and said, "I
think so, do you want to try it now?" "No, sex isn't quite at the top of my list
of priorities at the moment," was the reply.

After that we got out and Debbie told him that she like both cars and that she
wanted to talk about money and discounts. The salesman asked us to follow him
into a building where he offered us a seat at one side of a desk, while he sat
at the other. Both our chairs were not close to the desk and I'm sure that he
was looking at my un-crossed legs and up my dress.

When Debbie asked about discounts the salesman said that he'd have to go and
talk to his boss and he left us. When he was gone Debbie said, "Don't you ever
cross your legs?" As Jon won't let me, I said, "Never." After a few seconds
Debbie said, "I know, remember that film with Sharon Stone in it?" Nothing else
was said but when the salesman came back we were both sat there, lounging back
in the chairs, with our knees a few inches apart.

When the salesman saw us he went red again, and as he sat down I noticed that
the bulge in his trousers was still there. Debbie is quite good at haggling and
managed to get the price of one of the cars reduced by quite a bit more than I
would have thought was possible. As we walked out of there and round the corner,
Debbie clenched her fist and said, "YES, see what pussy power can do for us
women." Jon over-heard her and said, "Yes, you women can just about get whatever
you want - if you go about it in the right way."

Jon took us to a pub for some lunch and Debbie insisted on paying.

Back home Debbie was still quite pleased with herself and asked Jon if she could
use the 'fucking machine' again. Jon gave the impression that he wasn't too keen
on the idea so Debbie said to him, "I'll let you fuck me first." Jon's reply
was, "Your pussy power won't work with me, but if you can make love to Vanessa
first, then you can use the machine."

Without any hesitation Debbie turned to me and started french kissing me. She
caught me by surprise so I looked at Jon who just shrugged his shoulders and
walked out of the room.  Debbie is quite a good kisser, and while I was enjoying
that, her hands were easing the top of my dress over my shoulders and down to
the floor. As her hands came back up my body they stopped at my breasts and she
squeezed my nipples between her fingers. They went rock hard and I moaned a
little. Debbie backed-off, lifted her top off over her head and unfastened her
skirt. After a little push it fell to the floor leaving us both naked.

Jon came back in at that point and told us to go outside into sun on the grass.
Debbie grabbed my hand and pulled me outside. She gave me the impression that
she was in some sort of hurry, but that went away when she told me to lie on the
grass and then she started kissing me all over. It was very sensual, she started
at my feet and went all up my legs, She by-passed my pussy and kissed all over
my stomach and chest, but not my breasts. She then started on my face then neck.
It was so relaxing it was amazing.

Next she opened my legs wide then knelt between them and leaned over and french
kissed me again. This time her hands started massaging my breasts and nipples.
At one point I thought that I was going to cum, and she hadn't even touched my
pussy. She then started kissing and licking my stomach. This time she went to my
wet, aching pussy and started playing with my clit with her teeth. I could feel
an orgasm building, but still managed to see that Jon had come outside and was
standing just above my head. He was naked and had a big hard-on.

Debbie saw him too and stopped eating me long enough to say, "Please fuck me."
Jon (calm as ever) said, "Are you sure?" Debbie almost screamed, "Fuck me, now."
Jon went round behind her, grabbed her hips and entered her. As he did he pushed
her forward and her face pressed hard against my pussy. It hurt a bit and
straight after she pushed her tongue inside me. It wasn't long before I came,
and as I calmed down I saw the expression on Jon's face. He had cum as well.

We all kept still for about a minute before Jon said, "Right, straight upstairs
and onto that machine." He had us run upstairs, and while he set-up the wrist
straps, ropes and motor, I got the chairs and got Debbie up and ready to be
lowered down onto the dildo. Jon did a quick check round then told Debbie to
lower herself onto the dildo. As she went down she let out a big sigh. Jon
switched on the motor and when Debbie went up I moved the chairs. After watching
her go up and down a couple of times Jon told me to clean his dick (with my
tongue).  As I was doing this I could see Debbie out of the corner of my eye.
She was staring at us with a glazed expression on her face.

I'd just about got Jon's dick clean when I heard Debbie start to moan. Jon sat
on one of the chairs and lowered me down onto his Dick that had got hard again.
We watched Debbie go through 3 orgasms before Jon decided that she'd had enough.
By that time Jon had cum in me again, but I hadn't cum again. I was a bit
disappointed when Jon told me to get off him.

We had to help Debbie get off the machine because she was totally knackered, and
we left her on my bed to recover. When she eventually came downstairs she was
dressed. Jon has also got dressed and was working in the garden. I got Debbie a
cup of tea but she was still too tired to talk. All she really said was, "That's
one hell of a machine you've got there girl."

Jon took her home leaving me to get some food ready.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing August 9
Quite a quiet week really, nothing exciting happened. Even the eclipse of the
sun wasn't worth the effort of looking at.

When I went to work on the Friday, Debbie told me that she'd collected her car
and that there had been a bit of a reception waiting for when she'd arrived.
Four of the salesmen were there, all wanting to show her every bit of the car.
Of course she'd had to bend over a few times and there had always been one of
them behind her, and in front of her, waiting to get a glimpse up her skirt or
down her top. It had only taken her seconds to realise what was going on so
she'd decided to milk it a bit and had managed to get them to fill up the petrol
tank (they paid) for her before she'd left.

Saturday August 14
Early afternoon Jon came into the salon and stayed just long enough to give
Debbie a little box. I kept watching her and when she went to the loo I followed
her and asked her if she was going to put her new friend Ben Wa to work. At
first she wasn't sure, but in the end she did. I watched her for the rest of the
afternoon, it was quite interesting, and watching her made me get all damp.
Twice people asked her if she was all right and when it came to going home she
said she just had to go and take them out. She said that there was no way that
she could have walked to her car and then driven home with them in.

Jon took me into town that night, and round some of the livelier pubs. No one
gave my ultra short dress a second glance and most of the girls were wearing
skirts that short. I wonder just how many of them weren't wearing what I wasn't.

Sunday August 15
After the newspapers it was straight to the gym and a workout. I wore my white
lycra shorts, bikini top and Ben again. I hadn't intended to put Ben in, but
when I saw the same youth that was there the previous week I changed my mind.
Needless to say that he smiled and said hello when we walked in, and he kept
looking over towards me all the time. I'm sure that he saw the outline of my
rings and chain, AND the wet spot on my shorts when I used the machine that
stretches your legs wide open. His face went all red and he looked away for
quite a while.

I'm sure that he was waiting for me to use the exercise cycle, I know I was. Ben
had been working before I got on the cycle, but as soon as I started the cycling
movement with my legs Ben really earned his keep. I pedalled faster and faster
as I tried to hide the building orgasm. I don't really know why I pedalled
faster because there were only 3 people in that room and all 3 knew that I was
getting off in front of a man that I didn't know. Jon was quietly getting on
with his weight lifting and the youth and me were staring at each other. He knew
exactly what I was doing.

I slowed down when I came, but didn't stop pedalling until I was something like
normal. I got off the cycle with sweat poring off me (and a very contented look
on my face). The youth was still staring at me right up until I looked directly
at him and said, "I needed that!" The poor lad came back to earth again and
started using the rowing machine again.

We went for a swim next, and as we walked to the changing rooms Jon told me to
leave Ben in, and to change my shorts for the rest of the bikini. In the pool
there were a group of about half a dozen teenagers, boys and girls. As I walked
from the changing rooms the boys saw me and stared at me. I wondered if one of
my pussy rings had 'escaped' from the confines of my bikini bottoms but I just
ignored them and jumped in after Jon.

We did a few lengths and the movement of swimming made me cum again; then went
into the jacuzzi. We were the only ones in there to start off with and Jon told
me to take my bikini off and put it on the tiles at the side. This didn't bother
me for 2 reasons, firstly I would be below the bubbles and no one would be able
to see me even if there had been anyone there; and thirdly, I enjoy the feeling
of the bubbles on my naked pussy. I was laying back end enjoying the experience
for about 5 minutes when 2 of the boys came and joined us. No problem as I was
below the bubbles, except that one of them was looking at my bikini on the tiles
outside the water and then looking back at me. He nudged his mate and they were
whispering to each other. A couple of minutes later there was a problem, the
bubbles stopped (the last few times that we'd been there the bubbles were on all
the time).

After about 10 to 15 seconds the water was calm and very clear. The boys could
see everything that I've got. I looked down and with me being sat at the edge of
the underwater seat I could see all my pussy and jewellery. If I could see it
then they could. I looked at Jon who said, "Young lady, do you often take your
swimwear off in a jacuzzi?"

It took me a few seconds to think of what to say, then I said, "Where I live
people don't normally wear anything at all." "That's not the done thing here so
I suggest that you leave.  Better still I'll take you out." Jon replied. With
that he grabbed my arm and pulled me up out of the water and then the jacuzzi. I
just managed to grab my bikini as Jon pulled me by my arm right round the pool
to the stairs towards the changing rooms. I didn't make it up the stairs before
Ben took me over the top again. The fast pulling that Jon had been doing brought
on a strong orgasm and I just couldn't move. Jon saw what was happening and let
go of my wrist. I leaned against the wall while I shook as it arrived with
force. As I started to calm down I looked round the pool and saw that everyone
in there was watching us.

Outside the changing rooms Jon laughed and said, "Good reply, I'm glad to see
that you didn't tell any fibs, otherwise I would have had to punish you. Go and
get dressed, we need to be back at home." As I walked into the changing room I
said, "Must remember to tell a fib next time." I just heard Jon say, "I heard
that."

Back home we both stripped off and I got us some food then Jon settled down to
watch some motor racing. I'd just finished clearing up when the doorbell rang.
It was Debbie, she was out for a drive and had called to thank us (again) for
helping her buy it. She didn't look at all surprised when she shuck her head
into the lounge to thank Jon and saw him naked. We went into the kitchen and no
sooner than I'd got us a drink than the doorbell rang again. This time it was
Bridie and she was upset. I took her into the kitchen and poured her a drink as
I introduced Bridie to Debbie.

As Bridie sat down she said to Debbie, "I know you don't I?" After a few minutes
of working things out it turns out that they went to the same school and that
Debbie was in her last year whilst Bridie was in her second year. Debbie
couldn't remember Bridie, but Bridie certainly remembered Debbie because of all
the gossip about her. Needless to say that Debbie (and me) wanted to know what
everyone had been saying. It turns out that all the kids knew that Debbie shaved
her pussy and that she used to sit at the front of the class so that she could
flash her pussy to most of the teachers. Bridie said that she had been amazed by
it all at the time, but now she'd wished that she'd had the guts to do it,
especially when Debbie told her that it got her lots of A+ grades.

Bridie had come round because she was upset - she'd just bust-up with her
boyfriend. He'd started getting all possessive about her and wanted her to wear
underwear all the time. Now that Bridie had discovered the joys of being
knickerless, there was no way that she was going back to sweaty crutches and not
having any flashing fun. Well not when the weather was reasonable. After a
couple of drinks and lots of talking we all made a pact never to wear knickers
again. It was easy for me cos I don't have any, but I wondered how Bridie and
Debbie would get on as they both still live with their parents. I suppose
they'll tell them that they were washing their own smalls.

About an hour later (and most of a bottle of martini), Jon came in to get
himself a drink. He hadn't heard Bridie arrive and was a little surprised to see
her. When she saw his lack of clothes she said, "Well if both you two are
starkers then I might as well be as well." As she stood up and started taking
her top and skirt off, Debbie stood up and said, "What the hell!" and off came
her dress as well. There was now 3 naked, shaved, women and 1 naked, shaved man
in the same room. I guess that most men in that situation would have had a
raging hard-on and be wanting to screw all 3 of them, but Jon was so cool about
it. He just said, "Cheers!" took a mouthful of his drink and walked out. I
suppose it must have been something to do with the fact that he could probably
have any one (or all 3) of us anytime that he wanted.

The 3 of us took the bottle into the conservatory and it wasn't long before we
were talking about sex. Debbie was telling Bridie the truth about what she got
upto at school and how she used 'pussy power' to get things that she wanted. She
also told her that she'd flashed her pussy at the salon owner to get her her
job, and that she still did it sometimes if he'd asked her to do a job that she
didn't want to. I made a mental note of that in case there came a time when I
was asked to do something that I didn't want to.

We spent the next couple of hours finishing off the bottle of martini and
telling each other about the 'exploits' that we had been upto in the last few
months, and the next thing that I knew was when Jon came in and told us that we
were all drunk. He brought us another bottle of booze in and left us to it. I
know that we went on talking for ages, but the next thing that I really remember
was that it was getting dark and that Jon was carrying me upstairs.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing August 16
Monday - I woke up next morning in Jon's bed with both Debbie and Bridie next to
me. We were all still naked and they were both fast asleep. I don't remember
anything happening between us.

Jon had slept in my bed, and he was trying to wake us all up so that Debbie and
Bridie could get to work on time. He finally managed to get them up and away,
then he told me that I couldn't go back to bed because we was taking the week
off and that we were going for a walk to clear my head. He told me to put just a
dress and trainers on and we went off towards the open country.

I have to admit that even though my head hurt, it was quite nice walking though
the fields at that time of the morning, everything was so quiet and fresh.

By lunchtime I was back in the land of the living and Jon decided that we'd go
and play tennis in one of the local parks. He told me to wear just trainers, one
of my very short, thin 'A' shirt and a crop top that is so short that you can
see the lower part of my tits. It's quite a loose fit and every time that I lift
up an arm it rides-up over my breasts. Sometimes, if my nipples are hard it gets
caught above them and leaves me exposed when my arm comes down. When I was
putting it on I was thinking that playing tennis would be quite 'interesting',
especially when I serve. As we were driving down there I hoped that there
wouldn't be any young kids there.

We got there and as we were hiring the court the old man was looking me up and
down. He looked what I imaging the typical 'dirty old man' to look like, shift
eyes, eyeing me up and down, and wearing shabby clothes. I've had more than my
share of men staring at me over the last year or so, so it didn't bother me in
the least.

The court we were given was a grass one in the middle of a few of them. There
were a couple of teenage girls playing on a court to one side, and 2 teenage
couples playing doubles on the other side. We were about half way through our
first game when I noticed the 2 girls talking and looking over towards me. My
little skirt was still covering my bum and pussy but my right breast was
uncovered. The action of serving had caused my top to ride up and my bullet like
nipples were stopping it going down again. When that volley ended I went upto
Jon and pointed-out my predicament. At first all Jon said was, "Yes, nice isn't
it." "Master," I said, "those girls are staring at me and they now know that I
know that I'm exposed." "Okay," Jon said, "at the end of each volley you can
pull your top down. That way it will look as if you're not doing it on purpose."
"Thank you Master." I said, and we restarted the game.

Needless to say that as soon as my right arm stretched to hit the ball, my boob
popped-out again. Then when Jon won the volley I pulled my top down again. This
went on for ages until Jon won the first game. In the second game Jon had me
running around more and a couple of times when I had to turn or run quickly, I
tripped-up and went flying headlong onto the grass.  As I got up the second time
I noticed that we (or should I say me) had an audience. The 2 girls and the 2
couples AND the old man of an attendant were watching me. Not only that, when I
came to get up I saw that my top was above both my boobs, and my skirt was
nearly up round my waist. No wonder I had an audience.

At the end of the next game Jon told me that we would play one more game the
leave. After a brief rest (where the others started playing again), Jon told me
to walk back to the other side of the court scratching the top of my right cheek
- under my skirt. He said that he'd once seen a very sensuous picture called
'The Tennis Girl' where a girl had been doing just that.

The last game was just as energetic as the previous one (for me anyway). The
teenagers had given up looking and were getting on with their game, but the old
man was still there. Half way through Jon told me to stop adjusting my top and
we played the rest of the game (Jon won again) with me virtually topless.

When it came time to go we collected the balls, but we were one short. After a
couple of minutes Jon said that he remembered me hitting one right out of the
court. We went looking for it and eventually Jon saw it stuck in a branch about
4 metres up a tree. The old man had come over to help us look for it and kept
saying that we'd have to pay for it if we couldn't hand it in. There was no way
that we could shake it down so Jon said that I'd have to climb up and get it.
"Besides, it could be fun." For him and the old man he meant.

The last time I'd climbed a tree was when I was a kid, but after a few seconds
working-out how, I started to climb. As soon as I lifted my foot of the ground I
realised that the old man was going to get one hell of a view of my pussy. When
I got onto the first branch I saw that the 2 couples who were playing doubles
had stopped, and all 4 of them were up against the fence watching me.

I made it onto the next branch, then I had to stretch right across to the branch
that the tennis ball was stuck on. 'What the hell' I thought as I virtually did
the splits above Jon and the old man. I glanced down to see Jon smiling and the
old mad drooling. The branch that I stretch out to wasn't as solid as it looked
and my legs opened even further. I started to fall and my arms grabbed out for
anything they could find. They found the branch that I was trying to get on, and
I just saw the tennis ball get shaken lose and fall before I lost my grip and
started to go down. As I went down I saw my thin 'A' skirt blew up round my
waist.

I deliberately rolled over on the grass to break my fall and when I came to a
stop I was on my back with my skirt still round my waist and my legs reasonably
wide open. The worst (or best) part was that I was about 2 meters from the fence
where the 2 couples were watching me, and my feet were facing them. I just lay
still for a few seconds getting my breath back, then I saw Jon and the old man
come over to me. Jon knelt down beside me and as he was asking me if I was OK I
saw the old man appear at my feet. Guess where he was looking? 

I was winded and I tried to tell Jon that I was, but the words wouldn't come
out. Jon said, "Stay still and I'll check you over." Jon then started to slowly
run his hands all over me to see if he could find anything out of place, or
anything that hurt when he touched it. Fortunately nothing hurt but he did find
something out of place. My skirt was still round my waist, and my top was round
my neck. As Jon moved down my body he lightly ran his hands over my breasts. 
This made my nipples stand to attention. As his hands went down up one leg then
down the other he pressed the side of his hand onto my pussy. I let out a moan
that made the old man jump a bit. As Jon reached my other foot he said, "Nothing
seems to be out of place, does it hurt anywhere?" I waited for a few seconds
thinking what to say, then said, "I've got this burning feeling between my legs,
can you do something about that please?" Jon said, "There's nothing wrong with
you, get up and cover yourself up." As I got up I saw that the old man's face
was a picture.

We didn't go directly back to the car; we went for a walk round the park. There
was no one in the kids play area so we went and had a go on the swings. As Jon
pushed me higher and higher my skirt blew up. I was a good job that there were
no kids there. After that Jon told me to climb over the climbing frame. When I
got to a sort of arch in the frame Jon told me to hang upside down by my knees.
Of course my skirt was round my waist and my top was round my neck and my blood
was rushing to my head. I never heard them approaching but I definitely saw the
3 teenage kids when they stopped their bikes just in front of me. I started to
pull myself up but Jon said, "Stay!" After what seemed like an eternity where I
could hear my blood pounding in my head, Jon finally got hold of my body and
lifted me off. As my head slowly cleared I saw the lads sniggering then biking
away. Jon had to hold me a bit as we walked back to the car. I enjoyed that.

Before he would let me into the car I had to take my skirt off and we drove home
with me wearing just my trainers and skimpy top. Not one person gave any
indication that they'd noticed.

Back home Jon and I packed the car. We were going camping at Blackpool for a
couple of days.

Tuesday - We set off very early and got to the Manchester area before we hit any
real traffic problems. We got held-up in a traffic jam just before we needed to
turn off the M6 and it was late morning when we finally found a campsite. As we
entered the campsite I remembered that I was wearing my favourite cheesecloth
dress and that I'd have to bend-over and squat down a lot to put the tent up
then get everything into it. I felt a bit disappointed when there was no one
around the area that Jon decided we'd use.

After we'd pitched the tent we went for a walk round. The site was a little
self-contained village with it's own little shop, cafe� and bar. Jon decided to
give that a miss and we walked onto the main road and got a bus into the centre
of Blackpool. We walked along the beach and I was glad (I think) that I was
wearing my cheesecloth dress rather than the skirt and top that I'd worn the
previous day. At least the dress dropped back down into place after the wind had
blown it up, the skirt was so light that it would probably have stayed up. I got
a few people looking at me when the dress did blow up.

We had some 'typical' British Fish and Chips for lunch, I though that they were
all right, but Jon said that he'd had a lot better. On the walk back to the
campsite we stopped at one of the hundreds of amusement arcades along the
seafront. Jon gave me some coins and I spent ages dropping them into one of
those machines that slowly pushes the coins over the edge. I think I just about
broke even by the time I'd finished.

Near the campsite was a bit of a fun fair that we had a look round. We had a go
on the bumper cars, that was fun. Jon had a go at rifle shooting and won a big
pink teddy bear that he gave to me. For a laugh we went into this hall of
mirrors. There were hundreds of them on the walls and ceiling. They really did
distort shapes. There were a few other people in there as well, quite a laugh.
At one point I saw a lad of about 14 who didn't seem to be enjoying himself. 
After a few seconds I realised that he was looking at a mirror on the floor, one
that I was stood on. Guess what he was looking at. What the hell I thought, I'll
give him something to have a quiet wank about in bed that night, so I looked
away from him and opened my legs. After a couple of minutes Jon came over to me,
grabbed my arm and pulled me away saying, "stop it," you'll drive the poor lad
crazy.

Back at the campsite I made a cup of tea on the little camping stove. We didn't
have a table with us so I was doing everything down on the grass. At first I
forgot that with me being squatted down with my dress not covering all my legs
that my pussy would be on show for everyone to see (if they looked). It was only
when I saw some young lads playing football in the area in front of our tent
spend a lot of time on the grass looking over towards me that I remembered. Too
late by then so I just stayed there letting them get educated.   

Before we went out that night we went for a shower. The ladies shower block
backs onto the mens and there was a hole in the wall at the back of the shower
cubicle that I went into (the only one free). I couldn't be sure, but I'm think
that there was someone looking through it because I kept seeing light coming
through it, then it going off. Anyway, someone watching me take a shower isn't
going to upset me, on the contrary, I made a point of standing where whoever
would be able to get a good look at my pussy. And I frigged myself to a quick
orgasm just for the fun of it.

It was a bit windy that evening, so Jon let me wear a sweater over my dress.
That didn't stop the skirt part blowing up, but at least I was a bit warmer. We
walked to a pub on the seafront that was full of young people. Nothing exciting
happened other than that we had a good time watching everyone get drunk.

Both Jon and me climbed into a double sleeping bag that night. Jon fucked me
from behind and I went to sleep with Jon still inside me.

I woke up at about 4:00 o'clock in the morning dying for a pee. I climbed out of
the tent and squatted down behind it. I hadn't bothered putting any clothes on
as it was dark and quiet, but when I was in mid flow I was lit-up by someone
shinning a torch at me. Everything was still quiet and the beam was coming from
a tent a short distance away. The torch beam stayed on me as I finished off then
stood up. When I was upright the beam was on the lower part of me so I could see
where it was coming from, but I couldn't see a face. After a few seconds of
trying to see I gave up and went back into the tent. The beam followed me all
the way.

Wednesday - Next morning I was up early and in the shower before Jon got up. I
checked the showers and found that the cubicle that I'd been in had the smallest
hole in the wall. All the others were bigger, and one was so big that I thought
that I'd be able to get my hand through.  The wall wasn't very thick either.
Anyway, I decided to have my shower in that cubicle, and half way through I saw
the light in the hole go a bit darker. I made sure that whomever it was got a
good look at my pussy and jewellery then I bent over so that my bum and pussy
was close to the hole.

The next thing that I knew was that something was just touching my bum. I looked
round and saw about 2 inches of this dick sticking out of the hole. It was
circumcised like Jon's but I don't think that it was his, and I wasn't going to
let it fuck me. I thought about backing onto it but I decided against it. What I
did do though was to grab it and wank whoever until a whole load of his cum shot
into my cubicle.

After that I decided to get out and quickly get dried in the open area, wrap my
towel round me and get back to our tent. Fortunately I didn't see any men around
as I almost ran back to our tent. Jon was still in the sleeping bag when I got
back and when I went into the tent he got out of the bag and told me to sit on
his morning erection. As I sat there I amused him by telling him what had
happened.

I wore my dungaree dress and a short crop top that day and I had the expected
problem (ha) of my pussy showing as I cooked some bacon and eggs for us. As I
was doing that 2 youths got out of the tent where torch had been shining from
when I'd got up for a pee. Both of the youths stared at me as the walked passed
us.

After breakfast we walked away from the centre then turned round and ended up
back at the fun fair. Jon was in a bit of a daft mode and we had a ride on a
roundabout. Jon told me to ride on a horse while he got on a motorbike. That
plastic horse was cold on my bum and anyone who was looking must have had quite
a sight when I got on and off it.

As we got off I said that I remembered that last time that I was on a horse, in
Tenerife. It brought back some nice memories. Jon said that we could go horse
riding there, he'd seen an advert back at the campsite. I reminded him that I'd
only got dresses with me, but all he said was, "so what? "Before I knew it we
were back at the campsite telephoning the riding school and booking a session
that afternoon.

When we got there this young girl looked me up and down and said, "Haven't you
got any trousers?" before I could say anything Jon said, "It doesn't matter, she
can ride like that." The girl gave me a funny look and then turned away. There
was another couple who arrived about the same time as us; they were in their
early twenties. He was wearing shorts and a T-shirt and she looked as if she was
wearing black tights under a T-shirt. When she got on the horse they gave her
I'd swear that I could see her pussy. It was just a quick flash, but I couldn't
see any trace of any knickers, and I'm sure that it was her hairy pussy that I
could see through the stretched material.

Jon got on his horse, then it came to my turn. They put the horse next to a big
lump of concrete so that it was easy, but as I swung my leg over I saw that all
the others were looking at me. By then they must all have seen my jewellery. As
the horses started to walk out of the yard 3 other girls on horses joined us.
Two of them were only wearing bikinis and the third a pair of shorts and a
T-shirt. Those 3 were obviously experienced riders and they were galloping round
the fields as soon as they got the chance. The rest of us stayed at a walking
pace. One of the girls has big breasts and a lose fitting bikini top. As soon as
she started galloping I wondered how long it would be before that top came off.

We all started going a bit faster and I was starting to enjoy the feeling of the
leather saddle on my pussy and between my legs. We went from the fields and down
onto a quiet stretch of beach. The 3 girls were riding up and down the beach at
the waterfront. The 2 girls in bikinis were both having problems (not that they
looked as if they minded). The one with the big breasts had come out of her
bikini top and both Jon and the other man were watching the bouncing. The other
girl's bikini bottom had ridden up into the cheeks of her bum. She looked as if
she was wearing a thing.

The girl from the stables stopped us then told us that we could ride up and down
the beach for a bit. While we were doing that she said that she was going to
join the 3 girls who were racing up and down. As we set off I looked back and
saw that she had got off her horse and was taking her T-shirt off (she had a bra
on). I kept looking and watched her take her jodhpurs off.  As she pulled them
down her knickers came down with them. She pulled the knickers back up then got
back on her horse and was off.

The 4 of them came passed us a few times and all of them looked as if they were
in some sort of trance. It was obviously a happy trance as the all had a grin on
their faces. I don't know why I didn't twig, but it was Jon who said, "They're
getting off on that aren't they?" The other man heard him and said, "Yeah, great
isn't it?" He turned to his woman and said, "Why don't you have a go?" With that
she was off, not as fast as the others though. Jon turned to me and said, "You
have a go."

I'd never ridden a horse fast and was a bit nervous but I wanted to have a go.
I'd already got a wet patch on the saddle and my pussy was telling me that it
wanted more so off I went. As the horse started to gallop I was scared at first,
but I managed to get into some sort of rhythm bouncing up and down. I don't know
if I was doing it right from a horse riding point of view but the bouncing up
and down on the saddle was doing my pussy the world of good. I think I was
starting to realise why so many girls like horse riding. Maybe the material that
jodhpurs are made of is so thick because it needs to absorb all that pussy
juice.

Anyway, I was off. My dress was up round my waist with all the bouncing up and
down and I was starting to get close. I turned (somehow) the horse and started
back. It wasn't long before I was cumming and I was still shaking as I went past
Jon and the other bloke who were both trying to watch all of us at once. When it
came to the turning point I got the horse to slowly walk back with me squelching
as I gently bounced up and down on the saddle. My dress was still up when I got
back to Jon and the other man who just couldn't take his eyes off me. Jon said,
"Good was it?" All I could manage was, "You bet!" as I swung one leg over and
slid off the horse. As I stood there my dress slid back down to cover my bum and
pussy.

After a few minutes the other girls came back over to us. They were all wet and
I'm still not sure if it was with sweat or spray as the rode through the waves.
Four of them had their bottom halves lost into the cracks of their bums, the
girl with big breasts hadn't bothered to cover them, all 5 of them had nipples
that were sticking out, and the girl with the man had her tights looking as if
she'd sat in a bowl of cum. She looked quite silly really.

When the girl from the stables got her breath back she put her T-shirt and
jodhpurs back on then said, "That was good, lets start back shall we?" She
didn't wait for an answer, but I heard the other man say to Jon, "That was one
hell of an experience, there's times when I wish I was a woman." Jon just said,
"Yes" and came over to help me get back onto my horse. Needless to say that as I
got my leg over (no pun intended) everyone could see my jewellery again. The
walk back to the stables was uneventful and we left as soon as we got back.

On the way back to the campsite Jon decided that he wanted to go for a walk on
his own, so I decided that I'd walk back into the noisy part for another look
around. I walked along the beach and then up towards the crowds. I was busy
looking at something up on the road and lost my footing on a rock near the
steps. Over I went twisting my ankle as I went. Fortunately I landed on the sand
and didn't hurt anything other than my ankle, which hurt like hell. A
middle-aged couple saw me go over and not get up so they came over to help me.
When I told them about my ankle they helped me up and over to a first-aid point.

It wasn't long before 2 first-aiders were administering their skills. They'd
told me to lay on this bed while they slowly removed my shoe then prodded and
poked my foot to see what the damage was. At first I was more interested in my
ankle to realise that the men were lifting my leg up and out a bit. I guess that
they were expecting to see a pair of knickers, or at best a hairy pussy. One
pair of eyes lit up when they saw my jewellery.

"What the hell," I thought, my priority was my ankle, and whatever they were
doing was helping. I didn't care about the little modesty that I still have. One
of the men eventually told me that he didn't think that anything was broken, and
asked me if he could spray something on my ankle. I haven't a clue what it was,
but it was amazing, one minute my ankle was throbbing, and the next it was
nearly normal. With most of the pain gone I decided to have a bit of fun and sat
up, bent my knee and brought my ankle to my lap so that I could rub it.  After a
couple of seconds I looked at the men, both sets of eyes were riveted on my
pussy so I stopped and pulled my skirt down so that they couldn't see it any
more. As I did I said, "Whoops, it was such a nice day that I didn't bother
putting any knickers on, hope you don't mind." After a couple of seconds as
their brains realised that the show was over, one of them said, "Not at all
young lady, we're used to it." The bulges in their trousers told me that they
weren't used to it. I thanked them and left.

I took the tram back to close to the campsite and was having a lie down when Jon
got back.

After an uneventful shower Jon told me to put my best dress on and we got a taxi
into town.

I'd put my silky dress and as I got into the taxi the driver watched my every
move. Because I had to bend over to get into the car I'm sure that he was
getting a good view of my breasts.  Jon took me to a big hotel and the taxi
driver watched us walk up the steps to the main entrance. I knew that he was
watching so I bent forward a bit so that he got a good view of my bare ass. We
had a fantastic meal but no dancing; my ankle was still hurting a bit so Jon
agreed to let me stay sat down. Didn't have any fun with the waiter, it was a
girl and she seemed more interested in Jon than in me.

Thursday - Got up early and the weather wasn't too good so Jon decided that we'd
pack up and head for home. We took a detour and drove through part of the lake
district. Very nice, but as the weather was dull we didn't bother stopping
anywhere. On the drive down the motorway Jon told me to take my dress of and
ride back naked. The only people who seemed to notice were a couple of lorry
drivers that we passed. I think Jon deliberately slowed down and crawled passed
them to let them have a good look at me.

Friday - Wasn't really looking forward to work, but it wasn't too bad. I did
notice Debbie giving the Manager a quick flash up her dress. I wonder what she
was after.

That night Jon took me to our local pub, I noticed a couple of men looking at my
legs but the place was too crowded for any real fun.

Saturday August 21
Work was OK. Had lunch with Debbie and asked why she was flashing her pussy at
the manager. It turns out that she was trying to get a pay rise but the manager
didn't want to know. She said that she was beginning to wonder if the bloke had
decided that he was gay.  She wasn't too happy when I suggested that perhaps
she'd flashed him so many times that it had become the norm and it didn't do
anything for him any more.  Just before closing time I got a really awkward
customer. She really pushed my patience to its limits, and I was still mad when
I got home. I did something stupid in the kitchen and Jon told me off. Instead
of apologising I answered him back so I got punished. I know that I like Jon's
punishments but at the time I wasn't thinking about that, it was that stupid
woman at the salon.

Jon's immediate reaction was to tell me to 'assume the position'. It had been a
while since Jon had told me to do that and I was a bit slow in reacting. He left
me like that for about 30 minutes before marching me upstairs and strapping me
onto the 'whipping-T'. I'd forgotten how good it feels being strapped over the
'T' with my breasts and bald mons pressing down onto 'T', and my legs stretched
wide apart with my feet not touching the floor. That feeling of helplessness and
the anticipation of knowing what is going to happen next really does clear my
mind of everything else.

That evening was full of pleasant surprises. No sooner than Jon completed
restraining me to the 'T' than I felt something hit my pussy then go into it. It
was the spring-up dildo that Jon had released. I couldn't" have been completely
'square' on the 'T' and it hurt as the pressure of the spring forced the dildo
into me, but once in, it felt good.

Jon left me strapped there for about 10 minutes before he came back in and
pulled the spring-loaded dildo out of me. The anticipation had already made me
wet, but when I saw Jon come back in, naked and with a big hard-on, I really
felt my juices flow. It had been a while since Jon had used the cane on me and
I'd forgotten how bad the pain was. By the time I'd got to "10, thank you
Master" the tears were dripping down onto the floor. At "15, thank you Master,"
Jon changed tactics a bit and got the end of the cane to whip round a cheek so
that the end hit my pussy. At "19, thank you Master" I started to cum. Jon
realised this, dropped the cane, and pushed his dick hard into my pussy. I think
I started screaming a bit at that point.

It wasn't long before Jon came as well, then there was silence for a minute or
so as we both slowly came down from our 'highs'. As soon as I felt Jon start to
get soft he pulled out of me and started to un-strap me. He took me round to the
other end of the 'T' and I had to climb up and lower myself onto the dildo. He
then strapped my wrists to the rope, way above my head then switched the
'fucking machine' motor on. There I was going up and down on the dildo and
enjoying every second of it. It wasn't long before I was cuming again. When I
did Jon left the room and didn't come back for what seemed like hours. In
reality it was probably only half an hour.

I lost count of the number of times I orgasmed in that 30 minutes and when Jon
finally did come back, I was covered in sweat, absolutely shattered, and very
close to passing out. But boy, was I happy. Jon switched the motor off and then
turned the wheal so that I was at the lowest point with the big dildo totally
hidden inside me. Just when I thought that he was going to help me get down, Jon
said, "you can stay there until morning," and left.

I had to spend the whole night impaled on the dildo, hanging by my wrists.
Fortunately, most of my weight was supported by my thighs on the 'T'. After a
couple of minutes of trying to pull myself up a bit, I just gave up. As I
passed-out I remember feeling like the end of the dildo was going to push up
through my stomach and out of my mouth.

Sunday August 22
When I woke up I was in agony. I don't know which hurt the most, my aching arms
or my stretched pussy. I was real glad when Jon came in and lifted me off. I
couldn't stand up and Jon had to carry me to my bed. When I woke up again it was
mid morning. My arms were almost normal, but I felt as if the dildo was still
inside me. I had a shower and walked downstairs keeping my feet wide apart.

I couldn't find Jon anywhere so I got some breakfast then went and lay (face
down) on a sun lounger on the patio. About an hour later I heard someone coming
round the side of the house and assumed it was Jon. It was only when I heard a
voice say, "Bloody hell, what happened to you, what are all those red marks on
your backside?" that I realised that it was Trevor.

I got up and then said, "I've been a naughty girl and Jon punished me, I
deserved it." As I said it I could see Trevor's eyes looking up and down my
naked body. The poor lad's obviously too young to be used to seeing a naked
woman and I could see his shorts move as his dick was getting hard. I don't
think he really knew what to say, he just said, "Well, if you're alright I'd
better get on with cutting the grass."

Poor lad, he really does need to get himself a girlfriend and get himself laid.

I left him to it and went inside to get on with the household chores. Jon
returned just as Trevor was leaving. That night I watched TV lying on my stomach
on the floor. Jon kept playing with my pussy with his toes. I was hoping that
he'd let me sleep with him and fuck me that night, but I slept alone.




Vanessa's Journal
Week commencing August 23
Monday - Debbie came round and was a bit shocked to see the red wheal marks on
my backside. The pain had gone by then - apart from when I pressed on a red bit.
When I told her what had happened she said that she could never let anyone do
that to her, even if she did get to cum a few times in the process. I told her
that I certainly wasn't complaining.

Debbie had come round to ask a favour, a few pubic hairs had started growing
again and she wanted me to use the hair removal machine on them. Before I'd had
chance to say anything she'd dropped her skirt leaving her naked from the waist
down. "Look" she said, pointing to one of them.

I don't remember having had that problem when I removed mine, but there again, I
did remove all Debbie's on the same day so I guess that it was possible to miss
a few very small ones.

I went and got the machine and we went into the conservatory. Debbie lay back on
one of the reclining chairs and I got to work. The inevitable happened and I
started to see Debbie's pussy lips swelling and her juices seeping out. I looked
up at Debbie's face to see her eyes closed and a bit of a smile on her face. As
I moved from hair to hair I had to open her lips to look for any more and I let
my fingers slide in and out of her pussy. By the time I got the last one my
hands were so slippery that I was having trouble keeping hold of the machine.

I put the machine down and started doing a proper job on her pussy. It wasn't
long before she started to cum and I kept going until she came for a second
time. After she'd calmed down we went into the kitchen and got us some lunch
before Debbie said that she had to go - "things to do." She dressed and left,
leaving me a bit 'wanting'.

Wednesday - Had a reasonable time a Tescos, I wore my cheesecloth dress and had
some fun bending over in front of a couple of young male shelf-stackers.

The paperboy came for his money that evening and had a good stare at me. I
suppose that at his age you just can't get used to seeing naked women.

Friday - The only exciting thing that happened that day was that the salon boss
asked me to wax the legs and bikini line of a woman. It turned out to be a girl
of about 15 or 16. When we got upstairs I told the girl to get on the reclining
chair as I started getting the things ready.  When I turned round the girl was
sat in the chair all right, but she was naked from the waist down. When I told
her that she could have kept her knickers on she said, "I wasn't wearing any.
And anyway, wouldn't you have needed to remove them to do my bikini line?"

The girl obviously didn't know what was normal, and I guess someone had been
winding her up a bit. I managed to think quickly and saw the opportunity for a
bit of fun. After a couple of seconds I said, "That depends on whether or not
you want all your pubic hair removing, some women like to leave a bit." The girl
thought for a few seconds then said, "All my friends say that everyone has them
all removed so I want them all off."

I was quite surprised at how well the girl handled the pain of the wax strips
being pulled off. It was only when I started on the hairs round her pussy that
she started cringing before I pulled them off, and she let out a couple of
muffled screams when I did rip them off. She also let out some pussy juices as
well. Part of her was enjoying it.

We were both enjoying the part where I rubbed oil all over her pussy afterwards.
I told her it was part of the treatment and made a big deal of rubbing it right
into her hole. She was enjoying it as well, I'm sure that I felt her have a
little orgasm, but she was obviously trying to hold back.

Saturday August 28
Work wasn't very exciting, but when I got home that evening I saw that Jon had
bought a new vacuum cleaner. One of those Dyson ones where a lot of the parts
are made of transparent plastic. When I switched it on I realised that the
suction was a lot stronger than the old one.  When I told Jon he smiled and said
that we were going to have some fun with that. I didn't realise what he meant at
the time.

That evening Jon took me to a nice pub way out in the country and we had a
lovely meal. I wore just a tight black pencil dress and shoes, and I got lots of
looks from the men there. Jon kept talking about what I could do with the new
vacuum cleaner, and I hadn't a clue what he was on about.

Sunday August 29
After the usual slow breakfast and paper reading Jon took me to the gym. We
didn't go for a work out which was a bit of a shame as on the way there I had
been wondering if the same young man would be there, and I was looking forward
to 'getting off' in front of him again.  Instead Jon told me to put just my
white lycra bikini on and meet him in the pool. The place was nearly empty and
we managed to get quite a few laps in before people stared getting in the way.

From there we went into the sauna and lay on the benches. As I climbed on Jon
said that as my bikini bottoms were just about lost in my pussy and ass crack
then I may as well take them right off, the top as well. Even if there had been
anyone else in there I would still have done it, and it wasn't long before I
laying on my back naked.

About 5 minutes later a woman about my age came in and spent the rest of our
time in there staring at me. I couldn't work out if the staring was with
approval, or disapproval. Anyway, when he's had enough, Jon told me to go and
get showered and dressed, and to meet him at the entrance.

Back home Jon settled down to watch some motor racing from Belgium while I
cooked the dinner.

After the motor racing, Jon told me to get the new vacuum cleaner out and then
to lie down on one of the reclining chairs in the conservatory and to close my
eyes. I heard the vacuum cleaner being switched on and then the next thing I
knew was that the end of the thin crevice suction nozzle was touching my right
nipple. Needles to say my nipple went rock hard instantly. My nipple was easily
sucked into the end of the nozzle and when I opened my eyes I could see it
vibrating about in the end of the transparent nozzle. The feeling was fantastic
and I was disappointed when Jon pulled it off. It wasn't too bad because Jon
moved the nozzle to my left nipple straight away. I could feel my pussy getting
wet and that lovely feeling deep in my stomach.

A couple of minutes later Jon took the nozzle off and slowly moved it down my
front to my pussy. As soon as it got near my chain it sucked it up and I
screamed. Jon immediately pulled back and switched the machine off. After a
quick inspection Jon decided that it would be best if I removed the rings and
chain. He said that he didn't want then to be ripped of me.

When I lay down again Jon started the vacuum and moved the nozzle all around my
pussy, eventually letting it suck my clit into it. Boy was that good. My clit
was rattling around inside the nozzle and I was really getting turned on.

It only took a minute or so of that before I started to cum. Jon wasn't
finished, he alternated the nozzle between sucking my clit, my pussy lips and my
nipples. At the same time he let the nozzle get close to the entrance to my
hole. It was unbelievable, the whole of my body around my pussy was vibrating
like mad. I was cumming over and over again.

This went on for what seemed like a lifetime. It was nearly as good as being
left on the 'fucking machine' upstairs. I was glad that Jon didn't let the
nozzle go right inside me, I'm sure that it would have sucked half of me out and
down that pipe. As it was my juices managed to get right down the pipe and into
the transparent tank.

In the end, when Jon finally switched the machine off, I was knackered, and a
bit sore, but that didn't stop Jon from fucking me.  

After about an hour just lying there I went and had a shower before getting on
with the rest of my chores for the day.

That night Jon surprised me when he told me to stop writing this Journal. I've
got quite used to the routine of updating it, and will miss keying the details
of what I've been upto into it. I'll also miss the hours of playing with myself
and bringing myself to orgasm after orgasm as my brain goes though all the
exciting times that I've had. Never mind, if that what Jon wants.

Jon also told me that he's thinking about publishing it on the Internet. On the
one hand that makes me all excited (wet as well), but on the other hand I'm a
bit apprehensive. I'm not ashamed of what Jon and me get up to, but I'm a bit
concerned that people we know will recognise me.

If this really is the end of this journal, then I feel that I have to say that
not only have I enjoyed writing it, I've also had (and hope to do so for a long
time yet) a lot of fun and pleasure out of my new life. I'm really glad that I
found the courage to take that first big step and I'll always be grateful to Jon
for showing me that life really can be so good.

===========================================================================
Sunday November 21
Hi there again, Jon has just told me that he's created an e-mail account
vanessaevans@freeuk.com for me and that he wants me to post this journal to a
news group on the Internet. I'm still a bit nervous about doing that, but Jon
wants me to do it so I will, once I've found out how.

The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Vanessa


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





