BDSM Library - Second Place




Second Place
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two girls competed with each other for almost everything. Finally the second-place fought back and turned the first-place a docile slave.
Second Place (nc, humil)
by Terri Madison 
From: nobody@nsm.htp.org




                           Second Place Part 1

Terri and Danielle had been rivals all of their lives.  

Growing up together, they had never really seen eye to eye.  Throughout
grade school, they had been the two brightest students in their
classes, and had fiercely competed to outdo each other.  Later on, in
high school, this type of competition had continued on a more social
level.  Terri stealing away Danielle's boyfriend.  Danielle finding
revenge by beating Terri out for the head varsity cheerleader position,
and stealing her boyfriend back from Terri.   The stakes shifting
significantly toward Terri for good, as she graduated first in her high
school class, with Danielle second.  Then on to college where Terri
maintained a slightly higher grade point average.  Battling over men
like in high school, with Terri seemingly having the edge, probably
because of her bigger tits.  

Over the years it had gotten nastier and nastier.  Now, the ladies were
rivals in business, working for competing firms.  Terri had welcomed
Danielle to the business world by stealing her first client out from
under her.  She'd then had a flower arrangement sent to Danielle with a
giant green ribbon attached reading "2nd Place".  Another time, when
Danielle again came in second, Terri sent her a card which said "I
thought us *blondes* were supposed to be the dumb ones?"

And Terri had also put another notch in her belt by marrying Steven, a
man whom Danielle had lusted after for several years.  From her
honeymoon in Hawaii, Terri had mailed Danielle a letter.  In the
envelope she had put a Hawaii postcard, on which she had written "wish
you were here....NOT!" as well as including a used condom from their
wedding night festivities.  

One day, while closing yet another deal (this one miraculously NOT
snatched away from Danielle), the phone in Terri's office rang.  

It was Danielle.  "I have to meet with you.  Urgent."

"Why?"  Terri was suspicious.

"It's something of extreme importance to both of us."  Danielle told
Terri where to meet her, and hung up.

The two businesswomen met in the city park.  They had both dressed to
outdo the other person, and it was a close contest.  Danielle, aside
from her much smaller chest, was for the most part a brunette version
of Terri.  It was a shame that the two of them hated each other so, as
they could have been twin sisters; both were 5'4", slender and could be
considered bombshells.  Terri, of course, had dressed in a business
suit which showed off her superior bust.  Nevertheless, each woman was
getting her share of appreciative glances from the passers-by in the
park. 

"You wanted to meet with me....what do you want?"  Terri asked her
rival guardedly.  

"Relax.  There's no reason we shouldn't be able to get along...."
Danielle began reasonably.  "Just because we're competitors, doesn't
mean we can't be friends!  Let's talk over lunch.  It's on me."

"Are you sure you can afford it, second-place?"  The blonde openly
reverted to her pet name for the other woman.  "I heard you lost the
Jefferson deal last week."  Score one more, Terri complimented herself
mentally.  Of course it had been Terri who had taken the deal away from
Danielle, like always.  

"I can afford it, thanks," was all Danielle responded, sidestepping the
barb.  "I'm working on something currently which I think is going to be
a real success for me."

"Oh?"  The bitch never learns.  Maybe having lunch wouldn't be such a
bad idea after all, Terri thought.  I'm always game when it comes to
taking candy from a baby....

So Terri agreed to lunch.  Danielle led the way through the city.  

Turning into an alley, Danielle made small talk.  "So, how's Steven?"

"He's very satisfied,"  the blonde gloated.  "How's....whoever you're
seeing this week?  Or are you even seeing anyone?"

"I'm not seeing anyone right now," Danielle sidestepped again.  

Abruptly, two men jumped out from behind a dumpster, each of them
grabbing one of the ladies.  Before either of them could scream for
help, they were both herded into an abandoned warehouse.  Roughly, they
were led down a flight of steps into a basement, where offices and a
small cafeteria were found.  It was the latter that Terri and Danielle
were escorted to.

"What do you want?"  Danielle demanded.

"We're all going to have a little fun.  If you don't make trouble you
won't be hurt,"  one of the men answered.

"If you let us go right now, we promise we won't call the police,"
Danielle responded.  

"We're just on our way to lunch--"  Terri explained.

The second man spoke.  "Take off your tops.  We want to see titties." 
As the girls hesitated, he said again, "Take them off now, or we'll rip
them off you."  

Danielle quickly began unbuttoning her blouse.  Terri followed suit
with a sinking feeling.  Once the men saw her much bigger tits, they
would almost certainly be interested in her.  They'd probably both
spend the whole time raping her, and leave Danielle untouched.  The
lucky bitch....she'd get to watch her arch-rival get gang raped. 
Danielle would probably enjoy it.

Both now had their blouses off and were standing there in just their
bras.  "Those come off too," they were prompted.  Looking at one
another, the girls took off their brassieres.  Danielle's 34B tits were
smaller than Terri's D cups, but they were just as firm and her nipples
were the same, silver-dollar size.  

Each of the men took turns licking and sucking both sets of tits. 
Then, "Let's get this show on the road...." Closing her eyes, Terri
anticipated the grimy hands grabbing her so that her rape could begin. 
It never came.  Instead, one of the guys grabbed Danielle and set her
up on the lunchroom table.  She was "helped" out of her skirt and
panties, then ordered to get on her hands and knees wearing just her
heels.  Both men quickly undressed as well, then hoodlum #1 climbed up
on the table and mounted Danielle.  The little bitch was even wet,
Terri noted disgustingly. 

Terri was certain that hoodlum #2 was going to follow suit with her. 
It could be worse, she reflected.  #2 WAS better looking than #1.  I
STILL get the better guys, Terri thought to herself.

But #2 also got on the table with Danielle, kneeling in front of her
and guiding his cock into her mouth.  She took him in eagerly, sucking
him for all he was worth.  That's it, you dumb bitch, Terri thought. 
Make them both cum, then they won't even care about raping me.  

As Terri watched Danielle's rape, however, jealousy began to eat at
her.  The two men had ignored her completely, and seemed perfectly
content with the service Danielle was giving!  She didn't understand
it.  She was better-looking, as well as being better in the sack, than
her rival.  Wasn't she?  

With a groan, #2 emptied his load into Danielle's mouth.  #1 soon
grunted and followed suit in her cunt.  By now, Terri was definitely
getting aroused, watching her rival make a complete whore of herself.  

But the men weren't done.  "Get us hard again," #2 demanded, as both
men presented their cum-covered pricks to Danielle for oral service. 
She did not disappoint, taking both cocks in her hands, stroking,
licking and sucking on them both until they were ready for another
round.  

Terri knew that it was her turn.  She began to remove her skirt, hoping
to get this over with as quickly as possible.  Or, so she tried to tell
herself.  Truth be told, she was very turned on by watching her
arch-rival Danielle being raped by two men (even though her own rape
was imminent.)  

But again the men ignored Terri.  Instead, they switched places on the
table, this time #2 easing into Danielle's pussy, and #1 receiving her
oral pleasures.  "Hurry up bitch, we have to get back to work...." #1
grunted impatiently while fucking the brunette's mouth.  

Terri was shocked....and VERY jealous.  Why were these men IGNORING her
and paying attention to Danielle?  Didn't they realize that Danielle
was second-best compared to her?  Did they think the brunette was
BETTER LOOKING?  

Taking #1's cock out of her mouth for a moment, Danielle looked over at
Terri.  

"Looks like I finally found something I can beat you at!" she joked.

The slut.  Terri was fuming.  Before she knew it, she was out of her
skirt and panties and was next to the table.  "Move over," she demanded
of Danielle.  To the men, "Let me show you a real woman!"  

But the men went right on fucking Danielle.  "We don't need you, your
friend is enough for us." one explained.  

"We like thinner women," the other breathed.

THINNER WOMEN???  This was the last straw for Terri, who worked out
four times a week, dieted, and did anything necessary to keep one step
ahead of Danielle.  "Out of the way!" she demanded of the other woman
again.  The man fucking Danielle's cunt pushed Terri away
dismissively--hard enough that the blonde ended up on the floor.  

Wounded, Terri explained, "I want to fuck both of you!"  

"Will you beg?" she was asked.

"Please, I want to fuck both of you!  I want to fuck and suck those
hard cocks.  Please....let me show you how a real woman can satisfy
you.  Please...."

The men pulled out of Danielle's mouth and cunt.  Terri pushed her out
of the way.  "Get out of my way, second-place, and watch a pro at
work," she taunted.  Ashamedly, Danielle sat down as Terri lay on her
back on the table.  "Put that cock in me now!"  #2 teased her, not
fully entering her.  "PLEASE FUCK ME!!!  I need it so bad!!!  Put that
hard cock in my cunt!!!!"  The man obliged her, ramming into her up to
the hilt.  Terri yelped in pleasure.  Eagerly humping back at her
"rapist", she grabbed the other man's prick and led him to her mouth. 
Fixing her satisfied gaze on Danielle, she proclaimed, "Watch this,
second-place.  Watch how a real pro sucks cock."  And with that, Terri
proceeded to give the best head of her life to the stranger, determined
to show her rival up.  

Terri was in her element.  Forgetting that this was supposed to be a
rape, to satisfy the perverse pleasures of some street slime. 
Forgetting that she was one of the city's most successful
businesswomen.  Forgetting, entirely, that she was happily married. 
The only thing in Terri's mind was the satisfying thought that she had
shown up Danielle, yet again.  These men, who had hoped to sexually
assault and humiliate her, were nothing more than tools she could use
to achieve that end.  Looking over at Danielle's hurt expression, the
blonde smirked to herself that the picture was indeed worth a thousand
words.

The blonde beauty turned in a performance worthy of Amber Lynn, as
Danielle watched.  Occasionally she would pop the hard cock out of her
mouth long enough to make a slutty comment like, "I love being gang
fucked....makes me feel like a real woman..."  Within no time, she had
the man in her mouth ready to cum.  Pulling his cock from her mouth,
she began jacking him off.  "I want you to cum all over my face now
please...."  she cooed to her rapist/lover.  He was happy to oblige,
letting loose with a tremendous load of jism, all over her face and
hair.  The rapist in her cunt pulled out and knelt over Terri's face,
stroking himself.  "Let me help you with that," the blonde begged,
taking matters into her own hands.  In no time he began spurting his
cream, leaving Terri's face absolutely soaked.  She lay back on the
table, catching her breath as the men dressed.

Eventually Terri looked over at Danielle, expecting to see the bitch
hanging her head in shame at being bested again.  Instead, she saw
Danielle kissing one of the men, saying "Thank you" to him and giving
him $50!  But her blood ran cold when she saw the other man, packing up
a video camera in the corner of the room!  They had caught the whole
episode on tape!  

She sat up.  "What's going on?"  she demanded to the room in
particular.

"You just cheated on your husband, ma'am," the man with the camera
answered.  

"You should be ashamed of yourself," the other man added.

Both men then left before Terri could object.

"Danielle....what...."

"Get dressed, first-place," Danielle requested sweetly.  "We'll talk
over lunch."  

"Danielle...."  Terri fumbled for words while reaching for her clothes.


Danielle's high heel stepped on Terri's bra before she could grab it. 
"Call me 'ma'am'.  And you'll be going without bra and panties from now
on...."

"Danielle!  What the hell....." Terri demanded nervously.

"I wonder what those men are going to do with that tape?  Or who might
see it?" the brunette wondered aloud.  "Let's do lunch, we'll talk
about it."

------------

Thirty minutes later, the ladies sat in a corner booth at a cozy, dimly
lit restaurant.  

The whole thing had, of course, been a setup.  Danielle had known that
Terri could not resist an opportunity to best her enemy, and had used
this to her advantage.  And, having videotaped the whole affair,
Danielle now had her blonde counterpart right where she wanted her.

Danielle had taken time to fix her hair and her makeup after the
"attack".  Terri, however, was somewhat disheveled, cum still drying in
her hair and on her face, Danielle having refused to allow her to
freshen up.  The blonde felt humiliated.  

"I'm worried about those men, and that tape," Danielle confided as she
mused over the menu as if nothing was amiss.  "I mean, if you cut out
the first half of it, you'd have a tape of you, a married woman,
begging to be fucked by two strangers!  I don't know about you, but I'm
worried.  What if that fell into the wrong hands....your
husband....your boss...."

"What do you want," Terri demanded.  

"I want to eat!  I'm starved!"  Danielle answered lightly.  

"Danielle...."

"Ma'am," Danielle corrected.

"Dammit, Danielle, what are you...."  

Leaning close to Terri and lowering her voice to a harsh whisper,
Danielle threatened, "Bitch, all I have to do is make a phone call, and
a copy of your little erotic video gets delivered to Steven."  Leaning
back, she continued in her usual carefree voice, "You were saying?"

Terri cursed softly.  "This is blackmail."

In a cheerful voice, Danielle asked, "You want to do WHAT with a black
male???"  Loud enough that other people in the restaurant looked over
to see the blonde blushing.  

A waiter came to their table, but Danielle dismissed him with a "We're
not ready yet.  Another five minutes to decide."  

"What do you want?"  Terri repeated.

Danielle pondered.  "Right now?  Let's start with you getting under
this table and eating me.  Serving me with your tongue."  

Terri was shocked.  "I will NOT!!"

"I didn't think you would.  Excuse me, I have to make a phone call!" 
Danielle took her cellular phone out of her purse and began dialing. 
"So....do you have any idea where you're going to stay when Steven
throws you out?" she made idle conversation while the connection was
made.

"Wait--"  Terri choked.  What choice did she have?  Without another
word, she slipped under the table.

"That's my girl," Danielle complimented her, putting the cellphone away
and spreading her legs.  

Terri, humiliated, choked back tears as she gingerly began licking
Danielle's thighs.  She had never been with another woman.  On occasion
she had wondered about it, but had never dreamed that she would end up
being forced to go down on her most bitter enemy.  How could she have
been so careless and stupid?  

She was interrupted in her musings by Danielle's hand grabbing the back
of her head, and shoving her face into the brunette's cum-soaked pussy.
 Still she hesitated.

"Go on, lick it," came Danielle's whisper from above.  "Don't
worry...I'll order for you."  

Terri still hesitated, until she heard her tormentor begin punching
numbers on her cellphone again.  Then, gingerly, she began licking. 
Terri had never been with a woman.  Danielle, however, had been with
several; partially because most of her major relationships with men had
been doused by her rival Terri.  Out of all of her intimate affairs
with other women, however, Danielle suspected that this one would be
the best.  She would delight at training the blonde amateur showing her
exactly where to put her wonderful tongue.  
 
The waiter returned.  "Did your friend leave?"

"Oh, no," Danielle told him lightly.  "She's under the table giving me
oral sex."  Terri's cheeks burned with humiliation, until the waiter
laughed at his customer's obvious, though slightly raunchy, joke. 
"I'll be ordering for her," Danielle added, proceeding to order for the
both of them.  Occasionally a light gasp escaped her lips as she
ordered.  

The waiter finished taking the order and walked away.  Had he looked
down, he would have noticed a pair of black heels sticking out from
under the table linen.

In the twenty minutes it took for their food to be prepared, Terri's
tongue serviced Danielle relentlessly.  She was definitely a fast
learner, giving the brunette three orgasms.  During one of them, the
waiter gave her a quizzical look as he passed by.  She only smiled and
winked at him.  

Seeing the waiter approaching the table with their lunch, Danielle had
another great idea.  "OK that's enough....get up here...NOW!" she
hissed at her unwilling cunt-licker.  

Danielle had timed it perfectly:  the waiter got to the table just in
time to see Terri, her face soaked with the other woman's juices,
crawling out from under the table.  Terri nearly burst into tears; the
waiter nearly dropped his tray.  Danielle leaned over and kissed the
blonde, pinching her thigh hard until Terri returned the kiss.

Danielle had ordered a salad for herself; for Terri, she had ordered a
feast of lasagna and pasta salad.  It would be great to see Terri add a
few pounds, the brunette had thought wickedly.

Terri only stared at the food.  "Dani--ma'am....I can't eat this.  I'm
on a diet!"   

"OK," Danielle said reasonably.  "Our nice waiter and his friends went
to all that trouble to prepare this nice lunch for you.  But I'll just
tell them you don't want it.  I'm sure their feelings will be
hurt....but maybe you can make it up to them in other ways.  Maybe they
can take you in back and gang fuck you.  Waiter!!!" She waved her hand.

Wordlessly, Terri began eating, not stopping until she had finished
everything.  

"You're not done yet!"  Danielle protested.  When the blonde looked at
her quizzically, she explained, "Lick your plate clean.  Like a dog."  

All Danielle had to do was reach for her purse, and her cell phone, and
her rival picked up her plate and held it up to her mouth.  
Danielle, however, took the plate and set it back down on the table. 
"A dog brings its mouth to its food, not the other way around."

Totally humiliated now, Terri bent her head over her plate and licked
it clean.  Danielle got aroused watching the blonde's tongue at work,
and naturally by the time the waiter came over to ask if there would be
anything else, Terri was again under the table providing her oral
services.  

"I'd like....oh....ice cream....ummmm...." Danielle breathed heavily to
the waiter.

Hesitating, the waiter inquired, "And....your friend?"

"Oh no, she's already having her dessert."  There was a definite bulge
in the waiter's pants by now.

While waiting for her ice cream, Danielle took out the cell phone and
called the man who had helped her videotape Terri's little escapade. 
Under the table, Terri thought she was being punished for not doing a
good enough job, and quickened her pace, emphatically tongue fucking
Danielle's cunt for all it was worth.  In actuality, Danielle just
wanted to make sure that the copies of the tape were ready, if needed.  

And they were.  The man ("hoodlum #2") had carefully edited the
nonconsentual rape out of the video, up to the point where Terri begged
the men to let her show them a real woman and begged to be fucked. 
Anyone watching the tape would see not a woman who was accosted in an
alleyway and dragged into a warehouse, but a woman who had willingly
been unfaithful to her husband with not one, but two men, and couldn't
get enough of them.  Danielle excitedly recounted all of this to her
counterpart below the table.

Dessert came, and the young businesswoman sampled a few bites.  "This
is too fattening for me," she proclaimed, hiking up her skirt and then,
grabbing the entire scoop of ice cream, spreading it all over her cunt.
 "Lick it up, whore," she taunted her new servant.  "I've got an
important meeting in an hour, and the last thing I want is ice cream
dripping down my thighs."  Terri obliged, dutifully cleaning the other
womans cunt, thighs and ass.

Terri wondered if it was possible to be more humiliated.  She found out
it was, when Danielle offered her "friend's" oral services to the
waiter as a tip.  

When Terri came out of the men's restroom, the waiter's cum added to
all the Italian food in her belly, Danielle had instructions for her. 
"Go back to work, get these files," Danielle gave her a sheet of paper
with a list of files, all related to a HUGE account of Terri's company,
"and be in my office at 3pm."

"I can't just...." Terri protested.

Danielle silenced her with an icy glance.  "You can.  And you will.  My
office, 3pm.  And bring that tongue with you," she added as she left.

Terri wasted no time in getting out of the restaurant and away from the
eyes which had all seen her portrayed as a common slut.  She reflected
on how humiliating and degrading her lunch meeting with Danielle had
been.  But it was only the tip of the iceberg, compared to what was in
store for the hapless blonde.




                            Second Place Part 2

Terri waited impatiently in Danielle's office.  It was now 3:10.

As ordered by Danielle, she had gone back to work after the humiliating
lunch suffering at the hands of her arch-rival.  She had gone to the
records center and signed out the files Danielle had requested,
photocopied them, then returned them.  Then she had left work early and
headed off to her meeting with Danielle.  

As she had walked, she had pondered her situation.  She had gotten
herself into hot water this time, and her worst enemy now had a video
tape of her, a happily married woman, willingly and wantonly fucking
two strange men.  Now, to compound the problem even worse, she had
committed corporate espionage and was providing confidential client
information to her company's greatest rival.  Not to mention Terri's
personal rivalry with Danielle.  

Terri had mused about how far Danielle was going to take this.  It
seemed that she had carefully and elaborately planned a lot of it. 
Terri hadn't helped matters by eating right out of Danielle's hands and
falling for it.  

Perhaps, the blonde hoped, Danielle just wanted to see her squirm for
awhile, after which she would stop.  

Now, Terri waited, hoping that this whole escapade had been for the
purpose of getting the files which she held in a folder on her lap. 
Though she was certain that her rival would at least make her sweat it
out for awhile.  Looking over Danielle's office, Terri noticed, hanging
inconspicuously on the wall with the woman's degrees and
certifications, was the "2nd Place" ribbon which Terri had sent to
Danielle to taunt her.  She was beginning to regret a lot of the nasty
things she had done over the years.
 
Her thoughts were interrupted by Danielle's entry.  

"Hello, Terri, glad you could make it!  Do you have what I asked for?" 
Silently, the blonde held up the manila folder.  "Great!  I'll take
those.  Any trouble getting those?"

"No," Terri whispered, offering the folder.  

"Terrific.  I knew I could count on you."

"Danielle....er...ma'am?  I just wanted to say that I, well I know I
haven't been very nice to you sometimes, and well, I have done some
things that weren't very nice and weren't very professional, and I just
wanted to say that I'm sorry," Terri stammered.

"That's great, hon!"  the brunette told her dismissively while taking a
cursory look thru the paperwork she had just gotten.

Breaking down into tears, Terri pleaded.  "Please,
Danielle....ma'am.....I'm really sorry for what I've done.  I love my
husband and that tape could ruin my marriage, please, you wouldn't want
to do anything that could ruin my marriage, would you?  I'm sorry for
the things I did to you.  I'll do anything to make it up.  Really." 
The young businesswoman was in tears.  

Her rival, however, barely seemed to have heard her, interested more in
the paperwork in front of her.  "This is great information here, Terri.
 I really appreciate this!  Especially considering the laws you broke
just to give me this information....." she trailed off, letting her
point drive itself home.

"What.....what's going to happen to me?"  Terri pleaded, sobbing openly
now.

With that, Danielle put the file down and gave Terri her full
attention.  "Ah.  What's going to happen to sweet little Terri.  It's
not complicated at all, really.  I'll tell you to do things.  You'll do
them.  And I'll do my part, to not let anyone know about
your....um...indiscretions."

"H....how long?"  Terri whispered, horrified.

"For as long as I want it to go on.  I have no idea how long that might
be.  How long have you been tormenting ME?  Twenty years or so?" 
Danielle was enjoying Terri's fear, feeding off of it.  "Today at
lunch, you serviced me very well.  But I realize you didn't get
anything out of it.  Now, I'm going to give you the chance to do so. 
Take off all your clothes."

"No thank you, ma'am....I don't need...."

"That wasn't a request.  Take off your clothes, NOW."  To punctuate,
Danielle reached for the telephone.  "Should I call your company's
legal department, or your husband?  Or just the police?  Tough call." 
She smiled as Terri shed her blazer, blouse and skirt.  As she reached
for her pumps, Danielle told her that those could remain on.  

Terri was offered a seat.  "Don't cover yourself, honey," she was
chided as she put an arm over her tits and a hand over her pussy.  "I'm
sure you want EVERYONE to see that 'superior body'!  I, for one, am
VERY jealous!  Don't cross your legs.  Spread them."

Producing a rectangular box from her desk, Danielle opened it and
showed its contents to the naked blonde.  "Recognize this, dear?" she
asked sweetly.

Terri did.  When she had won the affections of one Bobby Marshall in
college, whom Danielle was also in love with, Terri had mailed the
package to the other woman.  In the box was a rather large dildo, and
it had been sent with the note, "I got Bobby, but this is roughly the
same size.  Enjoy, sweetums!!!"

"I did enjoy this--several times,"  Danielle reminisced.  "I'd take it
out on lonely nights...you know, after you'd stolen a boyfriend, or a
job, from me.  I'd work this little guy in and out of my cunt,
fantasizing about the day when I would take this and stick it up your
ass," she finished quietly.

"Danielle....PLEASE!!  I'm sorry I did that!  That was a long time ago!
 PLEASE, I'm not like that anymore..."

Danielle laughed.  "Hon, what are you talking about?  You were like
that this morning!  Remember?  How did you say it, 'move over,
second-place, and see a real woman in action?'  Or, 'Get out of my way,
second-place, and watch a pro at work'?  So have you suddenly been
'born again' since this morning???"  Thoughtfully she turned the dildo
over and over in her hands.  "I may indeed stick this in your ass.  But
for now, I'll just have you have some good clean fun.  Get up on my
desk."

Terri obediently climbed on the desk.  

"Lie down, on your back.  Facing the window.  Now spread your legs." 
The blonde complied.  She was quite a sight to behold, and Danielle, an
active bisexual, appreciated it very much.  Offering the dildo to
Terri, she ordered, "Fuck yourself with it.  Slide it in.  I can see
you're already wet."  And it was true.  Despite the utter humiliation
the blonde businesswoman felt, she was also quite aroused by her
situation, and the dildo easily slid in.  

Danielle would have loved to have stood in front of Terri and watched. 
Hell, she would have loved to have joined in.  But she had work to do. 
Leaving Terri to her own devices, she grabbed the manila folder and
took a seat on the other side of her desk, and began poring over the
paperwork.  

Terri worked the dildo in and out of her cunt, taking care to cause it
to make a lot of obscene slurping sounds.  If she was going to be
forced to humiliate herself like this, she might as well make it
difficult for the bitch to concentrate on her work.  Occasionally
Danielle would look up from her work and order her, "Faster."  Terri
switched hands several times, and her hands began tiring quickly.

"How long....."  Terri ventured to ask once.

Sharply, Danielle retorted, "Until I tell you to stop, bitch!  Or WOULD
you like that in your ass instead?"

"No, ma'am," the blonde mumbled, redoubling her efforts with the dildo.
 She WAS very aroused.  Her nipples were rock hard, and she began using
her free hand to play with them.  The other woman made no move to stop
her.

Looking out the window at one point, Terri saw--FEET???  Then she
realized that she was seeing the window-washer's platform, and that
they were doing the windows on the floor above them.

Terri's blood ran cold as she came to the realization that the
window-washers would be moving down to THIS floor next, and that they
would have a clear, unobstructed view of her masturbation through the
window.  

"Danielle....I mean, ma'am...."  Terri pleaded.  To her credit, her
pace with the dildo never faltered.

"Yes, hon?"  Danielle responded, buried in paperwork.

"Outside the window...the window-washers...."

"So?  They're there every week.  Don't the windows get washed in your
building?"

"Please...they're STRANGERS...they'll see...."  Terri protested.

"Do you mind?  I'm trying to read here," Danielle chided.

Just then, the window-washers moved down to the floor which Danielle's
office was on.  As Terri had feared, the three men saw her right away. 
The blonde had no choice but to keep fucking herself with the plastic
cock.  Needless to say, no other windows would be getting cleaned that
day.  

Looking up from her work, Danielle instructed Terri, "Get on your hands
and knees.  Fuck yourself doggy-style with that cock.  No, facing them.
 I want them to see your expression while you screw  yourself."  Terri
did as she was told.  "Faster and harder.  I want them to see you cum."
 There were distinct bulges in the trousers of the workers as they
watched.  "Cum for them, Terri."

Terri's body betrayed her as she humped back against the dildo in this
obscene self-rape.  She was, in fact, very close to cumming.  Doggy
style was her favorite way to get fucked, though she would never admit
this to anyone, least of all her arch-rival.

"OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!" Terri cried out as waves of
pleasure wracked her body.  Her pussy was pulsating around the
pistoning dildo as she fervently worked it in and out.  The sensations
were so intense that she dropped the dildo, quickly getting her fingers
back in just to have something, anything, filling her horny, wet cunt. 
She brought herself off a second time with her fingers, then a third.  

"You may stop now," Danielle announced.  Terri actually had to be told
twice.  As she came down from her pleasure high, she was again reminded
of her situation when she looked up and saw the three window-washers
staring lewdly in at her.  The total humiliation swept over and
engulfed her again.  

"Thank them," Danielle ordered her without looking up.

"What?"  

"Thank those men for being such a terrific audience, hon."  

Looking at the men outside the window, Terri whispered the words "Thank
you."

Exasperated, Danielle looked up.  "For gods sake, you stupid bimbo,
THANK THEM.  Go over to them.  Kiss the glass."

So, clad only in heels, Terri hesitantly made her way over to the
glass, planting a soft kiss on it.  "Use your tongue....lick the
glass," Danielle instructed.  Terri did.  The men took turns
"frenching" her back thru the glass.

"Press those 'superior tits' against the glass for them," she was
ordered next.  So she mashed her 36D breasts against the window.  It
was somewhat cold, and her nipples hardened again almost immediately.  

"Go back to the desk.  Sit on the edge of the desk, and let them watch
you lick your hard nipples," the brunette directed.  "Spread your legs.
 Let them see your pretty cunt."  Blushing with shame, Terri did as she
was instructed.  Still, part of her found the exhibitionism a bit
exciting, and she was ashamed to realize that she was wet, and was
hoping that she would next be told to play with her pussy again.  

No such luck.  "Come here, Terri," Danielle requested softly, writing
something down on a legal pad.  Handing the pad to Terri, "Go show this
to those nice men."  

Reading Danielle's scribblings to herself:  "Encore Performance
tonight?  8 p.m. Regent Hotel, Room 1283!"  Terri recoiled in shock.

"Ma'am....I can't!!!  Steven will expect me home....he'll get
suspicious....."

"That's not my problem.  You're going to be at this hotel if I have to
drag you there.  And either you can have some fun with those three
men....or I'll invite a few of my 'lady friends' up, and some of them
would love to take turns shoving that dildo up your ass, believe me. 
What is it going to be?"  

Beet-red, Terri walked over to the window and held up the note for the
men.  All three of them eagerly acknowledged that, yes, they would be
there to get serviced by the blonde beauty.  Finally, Danielle got up
and put an end to this round of Terri's humiliation, by drawing the
window blinds.

"Now....back to business.  Sit down," Danielle indicated a chair in
front of her desk, herself sitting in her own chair behind the desk. 
"Oh, hon, some of your juices got on my desk there.  You wanna lick
that up for me, please?"  Terri got right to it, hoping that would be
all she would have to lick today.  

Just then someone knocked at Danielle's door.  "Come in," she
announced.  A woman, probably around the same age as Danielle or Terri,
came in.

"I'm going to be taking off a little early tonight, to pick up my
kids," the newcomer said.

"That's fine, Jeanie.  Have a good night," Danielle responded.  The
woman left, seemingly having thought nothing was odd about a beautiful
blonde woman, totally naked, licking her boss' desk.

"That's good enough," Danielle assured the other businesswoman.  "Now,
I just need you to sign this."  She passed a paper to Terri.

"What is it?"

"Your resignation from your company, effective immediately."  She
brightened.  "I've decided to offer you a job here!"  

"What kind of 'job'?" the blonde asked suspiciously.

"Oh, what does it matter?  You're going to sign it, and you're going to
be working for me.  I need a new secretary anyway."

"But....I have years of experience....college...."  Terri fumbled.

"That's nice.  But you won't be needing them here," Danielle explained.
 "Now SIGN IT," she added in a no-nonsense tone.

What choice did Terri have?  She signed the resignation.

"Great!" Danielle bubbled.  "I'll see that our mailroom gets this over
there right away!  And, welcome aboard!"  Danielle was ever the
enthusiastic new employer.  "You know," she confided, "I think you're
gonna be better off here than there.  I hear that company is about to
take a turn for the worse..."  Terri's new boss patted the manila file
folder and grinned.

Terri was speechless.  

"What, don't you have any words of thanks to offer your new boss?" 
Terri mumbled a "thank you".  "Come on now, is that anyway to thank
someone who hired you, despite your history of adultery and corporate
espionage?"  Hiking up her skirt and spreading her legs, Danielle gave
her new secretary her first official task.  "Get over here, on your
knees!  Under the desk, honey.  You'll be spending a lot of time under
there!"  

Danielle made an honest effort to get some work done.  But it was just
no use.  No worry, she assured herself as Terri's tongue snaked in and
out of her cunt.  Now that she had hired new help, the work would cum
easy.  




                         Second Place Part 3

Terri finally made it home at 12:30am, grateful that the day of hell
was finally over.  She had just left the hotel a half hour ago.

She had gone to the hotel at 8:00, just as Danielle had told her to.  
There, she had found not only the three men from the window-washing
crew, but also the two men who had "raped" Terri and Danielle earlier
that day.  Her clothes had come off in five seconds flat, and she had
been groped, poked and prodded by the horny men.  They had gang-fucked
her in every possible combination, with the exception of her
(thankfully, she sighed) still virgin asshole.  Fortunately, whenever
one of the men had expressed interest in her backdoor delights, she had
been able to sell him on using her mouth, hands, tits or cunt instead. 
After all, she was a saleslady, and a good one at that!  

Inevitably, the two "hoodlums" had shown up with their video camera,
and the result was more Terri footage:  Terri sucking a cock while
taking one doggy-style.  Terri on her back, with one prick in her
mouth, one in each hand, one between her 36D breasts, and one sawing in
and out of her pussy.  Terri in the middle of a circle, the five men
standing around, their cocks hard, and the blonde clad only in her
pumps, walking on her knees from one to the next.  Terri lying on the
king size hotel bed, five men kneeling around her, jacking off and
eventually covering the blonde beauty with their jism from head to toe.
 Terri in the shower, and the men, one at a time, filing in to clean up
and for one last fuck.  Finally, after spending half an hour in the
shower trying to wash away the humiliation of being gangbanged, Terri
emerging from the bathroom in one of the hotel robes, to find that the
men have all jacked off into a wine glass for her, a nightcap.  Terri
taking the proffered glass, swallowing all five loads of cum with one
gulp, leaving a tiny rivulet of cum running out of the corner of her
mouth and down her cheek.  

After the men had left, Terri had retrieved her clothes, only to
discover that all the buttons had been cut from her blouse, meaning
that she would have to hold it together by hand or expose her braless
tits.  Fortunately, the lobby of the hotel had been nearly empty.  

Returning to her car, Terri had found the windows open.  Looking in,
she saw used condoms littering the entire interior of the car.  And a
note, "Dear Terri, hope you remember how many times they fucked you,
because that's how many condoms there are in the car.  Wouldn't want
you to overlook any and have Steven find them!  Love, your new boss,
Danielle."  In tears, the young blonde had spent an hour scouring the
car for the sperm-filled condoms.  This created great views of her bare
ass for passers-by, especially when she was bending over to look under
the seats (most of the condoms had been hidden here for this reason.) 
The car also smelled like jizz, and Terri had to make a stop at a car
wash to spray the car down with a lemon air freshener.  

Once safely at home, Terri felt the need to shower yet again, though
she suspected that no amount of soap would ever make her feel clean
again.  She sobbed throughout her entire shower, wondering how she had
managed to get herself into this mess.  Then, toweling herself off, the
exhausted woman climbed into bed.  

Steven, half-awake, murmured "Rough day?"

"The roughest," Terri whispered.  Steven was eager to make it better,
and he began rubbing his hand on her thigh.  Terri gently took his hand
away.

"Too tired, sweets..." she murmured.  A lie.  Terri knew that she
wouldn't be able to sleep.  The truth was, she ached all over from the
train she had just been fucked by.  Steven thought nothing of it and
simply went back to sleep.

The bedside phone rang awhile later, the clock on the night stand said
1:17.  It was Danielle.

"Hi there, I just wanted to see how it was going for my newest
employee."

"Fine," Terri sighed.  

"Hubby asleep?"

"Yes," Terri said thru clenched teeth.

"I'm at your front door right now.  Come let me in," came the whisper
from the other end of the line.  

Knowing she had no choice, Terri threw on her robe and went downstairs.
 She paused with her hand on the deadbolt for the front door.  What if
her rival--correction, her BOSS, she reminded herself--had set her up,
and arranged to have more men on the other side of this door, lying in
wait to rape her some more?

Realizing that even if there were an entire gang of men waiting to fuck
her, she would have no choice in the matter anyway, she quietly opened
the door.  

Danielle stood there alone, also clad in a robe.  She had obviously
been unable to sleep and had dealt with it by coming to torment Terri
some more.  "What did you expect--a gang of men come to rape you?"  The
brunette laughed.  "It can be arranged, you know."  

"What do you want?" Terri demanded.

"I want you to come outside," Danielle ordered.  "Now, I want you to
take that robe off."

"Danielle....ma'am....what if the neighbors...."

"....see what a whore they're living next door to?  I don't care.  I
don't live in this neighborhood."

"Ma'am....please!  Don't make me do this!"

"OK.  I just have something I have to drop off for Steven.  A
videotape.  Then I'll be on my way."  The brunette turned and headed
back toward her car.

"Wait....ma'am....."  Danielle turned around, noting with satisfaction
that the buxom Terri had shed her robe, letting it fall to the ground.

"Good girl," Terri's new boss murmured approvingly.  Parting her robe,
she added, "You know the drill."

Terri did.  Trembling at the thought of being seen by one of her
neighbors, she nevertheless got on her knees in the moonlight and began
licking Danielle off.  Hopefully if she got the bitch off quickly, she
would leave and not make a scene.  

Danielle closed her eyes and enjoyed the sensations created by the
unwilling Terri's tongue.  The blonde was becoming a better cunt-licker
every time she went down on her new boss.  

"Oh.....YES!!!!!" Danielle gasped.  "Put your fingers in me!"  Terri
obliged, putting two fingers into the brunette's pussy.  "I didn't say
to stop licking....."  Obediently, the blonde's tongue continued its
assault of Danielle's clit.  

"Tell me...." Danielle moaned, "did Steven fuck you tonight?"

"No..." Terri whispered between licks.  "Too sore."  

In mock horror, Danielle pushed Terri's face away from her cunt. 
"WHAT?  You didn't have the DECENCY to SATISFY YOUR OWN HUSBAND?"  she
asked loudly.  "After you sucked and fucked HOW MANY STRANGE MEN today?
 Six, wasn't it? Or was it twenty-six?"  Terri looked around nervously.
 Lights were coming on in a few of the neighbor's houses.  

"Please, Danielle....my neighbors will hear....."

"Well then, fine," the brunette said reasonably, "let's continue this
in your house."  And Danielle entered the house, Terri having no choice
but to follow.  

Thankfully, Danielle lowered her voice to a whisper once they were in
the house.  "Since you wouldn't take care of your husband's
needs...I'll just have to do it for you."

"He won't--"  Terri began defiantly.

"He won't know it's me, because my head will be underneath the
bedsheets.  Unless you'd just like me to wake him up and invite him
down here to watch a movie?  I have a nice steamy adult flick in the
car.  It's called 'Terri the Tramp'."  

"You wouldn't."

"Try me, bitch," Danielle offered softly.  "Now, I'm going to have a
little fun with hubby.  He'll probably stay half asleep through it and
he'll just think it's you.  You are going to stand in the doorway and
watch."

Terri was bawling.  "PLEASE," she whispered urgently.  "Please don't do
this....please....I'll do anything...I'll sleep with whoever you want
me to....please....Danielle.....ma'am....PLEASE!  My marriage means so
much to me, PLEASE don't....."

Danielle only laughed.  "At 11 yesterday morning, your marriage meant
nothing compared to a chance to show me up and humiliate me.  Now it's
your turn to be humiliated, Terri."  Shedding her robe, she padded
softly up the stairs.  Terri, powerless to do anything but watch, did
just that.  She watched in horror as the cruel brunette's head
disappeared under the bedsheets.  Soon, Danielle's outline under the
sheets began a steady bobbing motion, like some obscene white ghost in
their bed.  The obscenely loud slurping noises coming from beneath the
covers, coupled with Steven's ever-increasing moans of pleasure, cut
thru Terri like a knife.  

As tears were flowing freely for Terri, other juices were flowing for
Danielle.  Her mouth was well-stuffed with Steven's sizable cock, but
other parts of her needed attention.  Reaching down with the hand that
wasn't massaging Steven's balls, she began rubbing her clit slowly.  

Steven didn't suspect a thing.  "Mmmmmmm changed your mind huh?" he
moaned dreamily, thinking that it was his wife going down on him
beneath the covers.  

Danielle muttered an "mmmm hmmmm...", understandably muffled.  Behind
her somewhere, she could just make out the sound of Terri sobbing
quietly.  She increased the amount of slurping noises accordingly. 
This was no problem for Danielle, who had always been a "noisy eater",
whether her mouth was full of cock or cunt.  

And now it was time for the coup de grace, Danielle thought to herself
smugly.  Taking the bedsheets, she flipped them so that they were now
covering Steven's upper half.  Popping his cock out of her mouth with a
loud smacking sound, Danielle then straddled Terri's husband, facing
away from him (and toward Terri, who was silently begging her to stop.)
 Despite the blonde's pleas, Danielle slowly impaled herself on
Steven's cock.  

It was wonderful.  The ruined look on Terri's face was priceless.  As
an added stab in her breaking heart, Danielle now silently indicated to
her that she was to finger fuck herself.  

In shame, Terri did as she was told.  Occasionally she would mouth the
word "please" to the woman now enjoying her husband in her bed. 
Danielle, however, had no intentions of stopping; in fact, she blew
Terri a kiss and doubled her pace.  She was able to get herself off
three times before Steven tensed up and filled her cunt with his hot
cum.  Terri, heartbroken, hung her head in shame.  

Without further ado, the brunette homewrecker dismounted and left the
bedroom.  Pulling Terri behind her, she headed back down the stairs.  

The young blonde was hysterical, quietly falling to pieces.  Danielle
couldn't help but feel for her a little bit.  Gently, she reached out
and hugged the other woman, running her fingers thru Terri's hair
trying to soothe her.  She kissed the blonde softly on the lips, then
followed with a more urgent, more passionate kiss.  Terri found herself
returning the kiss, her tongue sliding into the mouth that had, just a
few minutes ago, been servicing her husband's cock.  

Terri actually felt a wave of relief sweep over her.  Maybe she's going
to end this now, she thought hopefully.  Maybe this was her revenge for
how mean I was to her, and it's over now.  

Their tongues still duelling, Danielle steered both of them over to the
sofa, pulling Terri down on top of her.  Without even being told, the
blonde's hands moved to Danielle's small but firm breasts, squeezing
them gently.  

Danielle broke the kiss.  "You like my tits?"

"Yes," Terri breathed.

"Too bad you had to make fun of them all those times," the other woman
replied, some of the harshness returning to her voice.

"I know, Danielle...I'm...."

"Ma'am...."  Danielle corrected.

"Ma'am....I know....I'm sorry I...."

But Danielle interrupted.  "Eat my pussy clean.  Lick your husband's
cum out of me."

Terri's eyes pleaded.  Her mouth opened to do the same, but the other
woman cut her off.  "Do it now, or I'll go upstairs and ask him to do
it for me...."  Terri needed no further urging.  For what seemed like
the hundredth time, she lowered her tongue to Danielle's cunt.  

Danielle didn't leave for another hour.  During that time, Terri not
only cleaned out Danielle's pussy, she also went upstairs and sucked
all of the other woman's taste off of her sleeping husband's cock, as
it was Danielle's turn to stand in the doorway, excitedly rubbing her
clit.  Steven got hard again, and Terri milked the cum from his balls,
not swallowing it but keeping it in her mouth.  Then going to Danielle,
french kissing her and at the same time delivering her husband's jism
into the brunette's mouth for her enjoyment.

Finally Danielle did leave, making Terri walk her to her car.  The
young blonde was still hoping that this was as far as the other woman
would be taking this game.  Her hopes were shattered when Danielle told
her, "See you at 9 in the morning.  You have a busy day ahead."

In tears, Terri turned to go back in the house, still nude.  Only to
discover that Danielle had locked the door.  Panicking for a moment
until she remembered where the spare key was hidden, under a statue at
the side of the porch.  Terri unlocked the door, then put the key back
in its hiding place and went inside.

Half a block away, Danielle watched, mentally noting the hiding place
of the key.  "Good night, Terri," she whispered.  Then, "Good night,
Steven...."




                           second place part 4

3 pm, Friday.  Terri, clad in a daring low cut black minidress, waited
for Danielle in her office.  

Danielle hadn't been in the office that morning when Terri came in. 
She had, however, left her newest employee a list of things to do.  

Terri had several new charges on her Mastercard which she had no idea
how she'd explain to her husband.

FREDERICK'S OF HOLLYWOOD.  Danielle had instructed Terri to change her
attire.  No more business suits; an hour at Frederick's and the young
blonde had gone from professional businesswoman to cheap whore.  "Buy
some slutty attire", Danielle's instructions had said, "and if it's not
slutty enough, I'll take you to the store myself to exchange it....on a
leash."  No need; the outfits Terri had selected would have put a
Hollywood hooker to shame.

THE GREEN DOOR NOVELTY SHOP.  An adult book and toy store.  Danielle
had given a list of things for her new secretary to buy.  Among them
were a stack of lesbian magazines (to offer Terri 'pointers' on serving
her new mistress), and an assortment of dildos, ranging in size.  The
smallest was the size of Terri's index finger, the largest was about as
big as the toy she had been made to fuck herself with, while putting on
a show for the window washing crew.

JOSE'S CANTINA BAR AND GRILL.  A Mexican restaurant where Terri had
gone to meet....and eat....Danielle for lunch.  More humiliation, both
above and under the table.  While waiting for their lunch, Terri had
been made to lay all her purchases out in front of her on the table and
discuss each one.  She'd also been forced to proposition their
waitress, whom it turned out was not bisexual and not interested,
despite the blonde's begs and pleas to "PLEASE let me eat you!"  As she
ate Danielle for dessert, Terri had gotten an agonizing nipple twisting
punishment for failing to seduce the young hispanic cutie.  

TARGET.  Danielle had instructed Terri to get some jet black hair
coloring.  The blonde didn't understand this, as everything else seemed
to indicate that Danielle wanted to turn her into a stereotypical dumb
blonde bimbo.  

PALOMAR'S EXOTIC JEWELRY.  Here, Terri had gotten a nipple piercing. 
If the other woman had hoped this would humiliate Terri further, she
was in for a disappointment.  Terri had always thought a nipple ring
would be erotic.  She had even added a small one to the bill and was
now wearing it, even though Danielle had only demanded a piercing.  

All the items Terri had been made to buy were now either being worn by
her, or in shopping bags at her feet.  She wondered what would be next.
 

She didn't have to wonder long.  Danielle came in, asking, "How did it
go?  Did you get everything?"

"Yes, ma'am," Terri acknowledged, picking up the shopping bags.  

"Stand up," her boss ordered.  "Nice dress.  Very nice.  But take it
off."  

Terri let the black minidress fall to the floor.  Not allowed to wear
underwear, she now stood completely naked in front of her boss.

Danielle looked her secretary up and down hungrily.  Her glance finally
fell on the nipple ring.  "Nice.  But definitely not what I had in
mind."  Going to her wall of certifications, she retrieved the "2nd
Place" ribbon which Terri had taunted her with so long ago.  Removing
Terri's nipple ring, she clipped the ribbon onto the young blonde's 36D
tit instead.  "Perfect," she complimented herself as she admired her
work.  

Terri was then told to sit down and spread her legs.  "I'm going to
explain what's going to be expected from you, working for me.  While I
do that, you're to play with your cunt."  Terri obeyed.

"Rule 1.  You will do everything I tell you to do, without fail. 
Begging and pleading with me for mercy will usually be allowed,
however.  In fact it kind of turns me on when you do," the brunette
confided.  "Not that it will get you anywhere."

"Rule 2.  You are a slut.  You are MY slut.  You'll fuck, suck and lick
whoever I tell you to fuck, suck and lick, whenever I tell you to fuck,
suck and lick.  As a true slut, you love sex, and you will NEVER refuse
to provide your services to ANYONE who asks for them.  I will be
testing you from time to time."

"One exception to rule 2 will be your pretty little virgin ass.  You
will make every effort to keep it that way.  How you do this is up to
you.  I have special plans for your ass."  Terri froze with fright.  "I
didn't tell you to stop."  The blonde resumed her fingering.

"I have special plans for your ass," Danielle repeated, taking out the
dildo which Terri had sent her.  Noting Terri's pale expression, she
added, "But you'll be allowed to work up to it.  That's what the toys
you bought today are for.  You'll start with the small ones, and you'll
be allowed to slowly break yourself in for this.  As long as you behave
yourself."

"You can do anything you think necessary to keep your ass unfucked, and
save it for me.  Of course," she pondered, "if someone just forces
their way into your ass, what can you do?  In that case, you'll be
severely punished, of course."  Then she elaborated.  "Punishment. 
I've never been much for whipping, torture, and that sort of thing. 
Myself, I'd just prefer to have you make a complete whore out of
yourself in public.  I find that humiliation is a good teacher.  Of
course," she added, "although I'm not into whipping and torture, I can
hardly speak for all the men and women whom I'm going to be allowing to
make use of you."  Danielle let the implications of this sink in with
the horrified Terri.

"Rule 3.  We'll call this the 'protein rule'.  You will give two
blowjobs a day.  I don't care who, as long as it's someone who works
for this company."

"Rule 4.  We're on the 33rd floor of this building, and lots of good
people rely on the elevators to get to their offices.  We wouldn't want
to get in their way, so you will not use any elevators.  Besides, we
both know what whores like you do in elevators, don't we?  There's a
stairway at the end of the hallway which will take you all the way to
the lobby or the mailroom."

"If you're caught using an elevator, I'll see to it that you are thrown
into that very elevator and gangraped.  Of course," she reflected
thoughtfully, "given rule #2, it wouldn't really be rape, would it?"  

"I'm sure you're wondering about the hair dye.  No, don't worry, you're
still going to be a blonde.  You're going to dye your hair down
there--" Danielle indicated Terri's blonde pubic hair,
"--then...everyone who you fuck is going to think you're not a real
blonde!"  Terri's new boss seemed quite pleased with herself for
thinking this one up.  

They were interrupted by Jeanie, the same lady who had come in when the
blonde was licking her juices off Danielle's desk, the day before. 
Again, the woman seemed oblivious to Terri's nudity, as well as the
show she was putting on.  

"Any outgoing mail?"  Jeanie asked.  

"Just this," Danielle replied, handing her a small package. "Have you
met my new secretary?  Jeanie, this is Terri.  I'm sure she'd shake
hands, but...." her voice trailed off.

But Terri's hand was covered with her juices, and three of her fingers
were buried in her cunt.  Jeanie nodded dismissively, then left the
room.

"You can stop now.  Put your dress back on," Terri was ordered.  

"Now, we're going to have a little fun.  The package which Jeanie is
mailing out is a video tape addressed to your husband."

"Why....?"  Terri choked in disbelief.

"Like I said.  Just a little fun.  To see if you can stop her." 
Danielle looked at her watch.  "She's on her way to the mail chute
right now.  When she drops it in it'll go right to the mailroom..." She
looked at Terri.  "Unless you can convince her otherwise, of course...."

Holding back tears, Terri rushed after Jeanie.  She caught up to the
other woman just as she was about to drop the package in the mail chute.

"Jeanie....please....don't put that in there!  I need that...." Terri
reached for the package.

"Nope!  Danielle told me to mail this!" Jeanie held the package out of
the desperate blonde's reach.

"You don't understand....that package could ruin me....please...."

"Oh, yeah.  I heard about you.  Didn't you star in a porno movie
without your husband knowing, or something like that?"

"No," Terri sobbed, "it's not like that....you see....."

"All I see is that you have no morals.  Sleeping around on your
husband, and dressing like that."  Indicating Terri's attire.  "In any
event, my boss told me to mail this, and that's what I'm going to do." 
Jeanie turned to the mail drop to do just that.

"Please!"  Terri begged.  "I'll do anything...."

Jeanie stopped.  "Anything?  Like what?  What will you do?"

"I'll....I'll lick you....eat you...."

Jeanie rolled her eyes, disgusted.  "Thanks, but I'm not a lesbo like
you."  Looking at the package in her hands, she added, "There is one
thing..."

"Anything....please name it....anything...."  Terri cried.

"Danielle tells me your husband is a pretty good fuck.  I want to fuck
him too."

How many people knew about the games Danielle was playing with her? 
Terri shook her head in horror.  "No....I can't...."

"I didn't think so.  Oh well, just a thought."  Jeanie turned back
toward the mail slot.  "Oh well.  The divorce should be final in about
six months. I'll just give him a call then...."

"OK....OK....I'll.....you can fuck him......"  Terri choked on the
words.  

"Great!  I'll be over tonight, at midnight!"  Jeanie handed the hapless
secretary the package.  

Terri's mind raced.  She'd bring home some beer for her husband, by
midnight he would be too wasted to notice...

She was interrupted by Danielle.  "I see you two are getting
along...that's great!"  The brunette took the package from Terri. 
"Jeanie, I thought I told you to mail this," she demanded in a mock
scolding voice.  "Oh well, if you want something done, do it yourself,
I guess."  Danielle dropped the package in the mail slot.  Terri
gasped, then began sobbing again.  

"See you at midnight, Terri!" Jeanie chirped as she scurried back to
work.

"Why...."  Terri implored.

"Just to see you run down 33 floors of stairs to the mailroom to try to
get it back...."  Danielle taunted.  

Terri had no other choice.  She ran down the stairs three at a time,
bursting into the mailroom completely out of breath, to find the room
empty.  Quickly she searched the bin which received the mail from the
mail drop.  No package.  Hearing a sound from one of the offices, Terri
went and looked in.  She gasped at what she saw.

Three of the mailroom workers were in the office, intently watching a
TV on a cart.  On the TV was Terri, providing service to five men!  
Upon further scrutiny, it was obvious that one of the mailroom men had
been curious about this particular piece of mail, and had opened it. 
No doubt they had been astonished to find out that it was a tape of a
young, gorgeous blonde fucking and sucking five men!  All three of the
mailroom men had their cocks out and were stroking themselves.  

The young blonde realized there was only one way to get the tape back. 
Boldly she marched into the room and shut off the TV.  The men all
stopped in mid-stroke, trying to cover themselves up.  No doubt
thinking that a manager had caught them jacking off to porno.

Then one of them recognized Terri.  "Hey....it's the girl from the
movie!"  

"That's right," Terri cooed.  "Listen, why should you studs have to
jack off to some dumb movie, when you can have the real thing?"  Her
hands shaking, she slipped off her dress.  The men whistled at her
awesome body.  

"It IS the girl from the movie!" another of the guys acknowledged in
awe.  Terri actually blushed.  

"Let's make a deal," the blonde said softly.  "I need this video tape
back.  You need those wonderful hard cocks serviced.  Enough said?"

"I don't know...." the first guy, Ramon, said.  "Must be important if
you want it back so bad...."

"I'll throw something else in," Terri whispered to him, picking up the
remains of the packaging which the video tape had been wrapped in.  "I
promise not to tell anyone that you like to open mail illegally...." 
The blonde winked, then dropped to her knees in front of his chair. 
Ramon gasped as Terri took him into her mouth.

Lifting her head momentarily, the blonde turned to the other two men. 
"Get naked.  I want you next," she purred, then went back down on
Ramon.  

As one of the other men, Vincent, entered her sopping wet cunt from
behind, Terri mused that this wasn't so bad.  It beat the hell out of
going down on that dyke upstairs.  And maybe she could finally get rid
of that aftertaste from Danielle's cunt, by gargling with a load of
jism or two.  Or three....

Terri was somewhat sore from all the fucking she had done in the past
two days, but she was really getting into her slut role.  She tried to
tell herself that this was just an act, to get the tape back, but the
sensations going thru her body were betraying her.  Her cunt was
practically on fire, and she was very eagerly humping back against
Vincent's cock.

Each man took his turn in Terri's cunt and mouth.  She also held her
sizable tits together and the men took turns fucking her cleavage,
except for Vincent who didn't really get into that.  

After Terri had cum for the fifth time, she decided she'd had enough. 
Laying down on the floor, she told the men, "I want you to jack off all
over me.  You know, like in my movie?"  

As the men kneeled around her, the pretty blonde wondered how she'd
sunk so low.  She'd actually enjoyed the past half hour with these
three strange men!  Some of it was, no doubt, having some degree of
control again after Danielle had taken it all away from her in the past
two days.  

She didn't have time to ponder the mysteries of the universe any
further, as at that moment Ramon began spurting his jism all over her
face.  Grabbing his cock, she ensured that at least some of it ended up
in her mouth.  The other two men soon followed suit, dousing Terri's
firm tits with their cum.  The blonde began scooping the creamy cum off
her face and sucking it off her fingers.  "Mmmmmm I love cum..." she
moaned.  Terri then kissed each of their pricks, then got up and put
her dress back on.  She collected the video tape and hurried to get out
of there, before the men could get hard again.  

She nearly ran into a smiling Danielle, standing in the doorway with a
video camera.  

--------------------------------

The rest of the "work day" was somewhat uneventful.  Back in her
office, Danielle finished instructing Terri on what would be expected
of her, then, after letting the blonde get under her desk and lick her
cunt once more, she bid her new employee farewell for the weekend.




                               second place part 5

A week later, Danielle came into the office as usual, around 9 am.  As
usual, when she sat down at her desk, she was greeted by her
secretary's tongue going down on her twat.  

As usual, Terri was under the desk, clad only in her black pumps,
matching black lace crotchless panties (Danielle now allowed the blonde
to wear panties on Fridays), and the "2nd place" ribbon pinned thru her
nipple--the way Danielle liked her.  

Terri's tongue danced around the brunette's clit for awhile, before
moving in for "the kill".  The secretary was a very good pussy eater,
Danielle had to give her credit.  

"Fingers," Danielle whispered huskily.  As the blonde obliged her by
easing two fingers into her cunt, Danielle opened her desk drawer where
Terri's toys were kept.

On a usual day, Danielle would give Terri one of the smaller dildos,
and the blonde would diligently work it into her tight ass while
slurping on her boss' cunt.  They had started with the smallest of the
set, slightly larger than Danielle's finger, which had gone in with
relative ease.  After two days, the blonde had "graduated" to the next
size.  There had been slight discomfort--and more pleasure than Terri
had cared to admit.  Suffice to say that when Terri's tongue had
brought Danielle to orgasm, the brunette had not cum alone.  

On a usual day, when Danielle had cum as many times as she could handle
for one morning, she'd move her chair away and let Terri out.  The
blonde would then usually take a seat on the other side of the desk,
and would further work her ass with the dildo while Danielle had a cup
of coffee and pored over the day ahead.  

Having never had anything in her ass before, Terri was experiencing
brand new sensations.  The humiliation of being made to shove things up
her ass had given way to curiosity and pleasure.  In some cases, the
blonde beauty was experiencing sensory overload.  During Thursday's
session, while reaming her ass with the #2 dildo, she surprised both
her boss and herself by begging to be allowed to play with her cunt
with her free hand.  

Danielle had denied this request, but had made a counter offer.  "If
you beg, I might be willing to get on my knees and take care of you
myself," she had offered.

Terri, who had always found the very thought of having sex with another
woman disgusting, had begged for it.  Danielle had made the blonde
elaborate, in graphic detail, precisely what she wanted, and only then
did she take her position in front of her secretary.  The combination
of the dildo in her ass and the bisexual Danielle's skilled tongue on
her cunt proved to be too much for Terri's body to handle, and she had
felt as if the powerful orgasms wracking her sexy body were going to
tear her apart.  All in all, Danielle was grateful that she had set up
the video camera to record the day's events.

Today was not a usual day.  Instead of handing her cuntlicker the #2
ass dildo, which her asshole was now well accustomed to, Danielle
handed Terri the biggest dildo of all, the one which Terri had mailed
to her to taunt her, long ago.  

Terri stopped in mid-lick as she realized what she had been handed. 
The dildo was more than twice the size of the #2.  Her ass would be
ripped apart!  She voiced her concern to her boss.

Danielle chided the blonde, "I didn't tell you to stop licking.  If
you've got something to say to me, you can say it between licks or thru
a mouthful of pussy."  Terri resumed licking.  "Now.  Yes, that's
bigger than what your little ass is used to.  No, I don't care how much
it hurts.  It's going up your ass."

"Please...."  Terri started.

"Remember the protein rule?  You're supposed to swallow at least two
loads of cum a day?"  Terri DID remember.  She had followed the rule
diligently every day, choosing the well-hung mailroom studs as her
cum-donors...except for yesterday.  She had not had the opportunity to
go to the mailroom yesterday, and rather than humiliate herself with
the men in this office on 33 (who already thought she was a cheap slut
anyway), she instead hoped that her boss wouldn't find out.  It seemed
now that she had.

"You broke the rule.  Now I'm going to take it out of your ass." Moving
her chair, Danielle ordered Terri to get on the desk, on all fours.  

As Danielle picked up the dildo, Terri began begging.  "Please, ma'am! 
It won't happen again!  Please!"  The giant dildo was at the entrance
to Terri's anal canal.  "Please....I'll do anything!  I'm sorry! 
Please...."  The tip of the dildo was in Terri's ass, already
stretching her.  "Oh god....PLEASE....."

The blonde desperately tried a different tack.  "Ma'am....please....may
your whore secretary make a request?  Please?"  

"What's your 'request'?" Danielle stopped and asked.

"Please....can I at least lubricate the dildo?  Please?"  Danielle
resumed her attempts at pushing the dildo further into the blonde's
tight ass.  "OH GOD....PLEASE....IT'LL TEAR ME APART PLEASE FOR GOD'S
SAKE LET ME LUBRICATE IT...."  

Danielle popped the dildo out of Terri's ass.  The girl sighed with
relief.  

"Lubrication," Danielle mused.  "Yes, it DOES seem like some is needed.
 Go get some KY jelly."  Terri put her dress on, and reached for her
purse.  "No purse."

Not comprehending, Terri protested, "But I have to buy--"

"We don't have time for you to run out to a store," Danielle said with
exasperation.  "I'm sure someone in this company has a tube of KY
jelly.  Just walk around and ask everyone."  Terri began to protest,
but Danielle silenced her.  "Either that, or we could just try it again
without any."

So, humiliated beyond belief, Terri, clad in an unthinkably revealing
dress, walked from desk to desk asking if anyone had any KY jelly.  She
was met with a variety of reactions, ranging from utter disgust from
most of the women, to open leering by some of the men.  

Surprisingly, one of the women, a tall blonde named Angela, did have a
tube of the jelly.  However, she informed Terri that she would have to
earn it.

"Whatever," Terri sighed.

"Come with me," Angela instructed, leading the way to a supply room. 
Great, another lezzie, the secretary thought to herself.  

In the supply room, Angela told Terri to strip, then left the room. 
She returned a moment later with Scott, her husband who was also an
employee at the company.  

"I thought I'd give you your birthday present early," Angela whispered
to Scott, chewing on his ear while indicating the slut secretary.  "Let
me get you ready for her....."  Angela stripped her husband naked,
kissing his body all over as she undressed him.  

"Slut, come over here and suck my husband's dick," Angela ordered. 
Nervously Terri looked at the door, afraid that someone would catch
them in here.  "Don't worry, everyone in the company's going to lunch
right now.  Now come over here and get your lunch."  

Scott's cock did look pretty inviting, Terri thought.  Again, the
blonde secretary found herself trying to rationalize something which
she really had no choice about anyway.  So she dropped to her knees and
engulfed Scott's prick in her mouth.  Angela, meanwhile, busied herself
with french kissing her husband.

The three of them did get interrupted by the door opening.  It was only
Danielle, however.  "Terri, I see you've met Angela and Scott!  Oh, no
need to stop sucking that nice juicy cock on my account!  They've
worked with me for a long time.  In fact, remember the Jackson-Morgan
contract that you stole out from under me?  Scott worked with me on
that one for weeks!  It was a shame....these two were REALLY counting
on that big commission that would have brought.  Well anyway, I'm sure
you all can find a lot to talk about!"  Going over to where Terri's
clothes were piled on the floor, Danielle picked up the black
crotchless panties, and hung them from the doorknob.  "There.....now
anyone else who wants to come in will know that the company whore is
busy in here!"  And Danielle was gone.  

"Look at what a little suck-monster she is," Angela whispered to her
husband as Terri relentlessly deep-throated him.  "I know how badly you
must want to cum in her mouth.  But I want to watch you fuck her
instead...."

Next, Angela found a table covered with supplies, which she knocked off
onto the floor.  "Slut," she ordered Terri, "you'll clean that mess up
when we're through with you."  Terri muttered a muffled "mmmm hmmmm".

Angela led her husband to the table, and had him lay on his back atop
it.  Then she instructed Terri to straddle him.  The secretary obeyed,
lowering her cunt onto Scott's rigid cock.  

"Look how wet she is for you, baby!  Too bad she's not a natural
blonde," Angela told her husband.  Then leaning close to Terri, she
whispered, "You have better give my husband the fucking of a lifetime,
or you will be sorry."  

Terri did just that, riding Scott for all he was worth, sending his
prick deep into her cunt with every downward stroke.  The young slut
was quickly learning that the best way to combat these people who were
seeking to humiliate her and to ruin her life, was to enjoy what she
was doing.  In the case of Scott's well-sized prick, this was not
difficult, and Terri figured she would show Angela a thing or two about
how to fuck.

"Do you enjoy fucking my husband?"  Angela asked her as she watched.

"I love it," Terri sighed truthfully.

"I'll bet you do.  I've heard the stories about how immoral you are. 
You cheat on your husband with whole gangs of men at a time....I'll bet
you'd love for my husband to shoot his cum up in that slutty cunt of
yours."

"Yes.....please...."  Terri moaned.  

"I'll bet if my husband asked you to, you'd fuck him every day."

"Yes....." The gorgeous blonde confirmed.  What she didn't add was the
fact that she would HAVE to do so, according to the "rules" her boss
had laid out for her.

"YOU FUCKING WHORE!!!  You'd fuck my husband behind my back!  You
little fucking homewrecker...."  Angela sounded mad.  Stooping down,
she undid the leather strap from her purse as Terri continued her
joy-ride of Scott's hard cock.  

Angela stood back up, now brandishing a make-shift leather whip.  She
raised it threateningly.  

"So, you'd fuck my husband every day, without me knowing."

"No...."  Terri pleaded.

"NO?  You just told me you would!"  Angela brought the whip down on
Terri's back.  "Now are you saying that you wouldn't obey my husband if
he ordered you to fuck him?"

"No....please...."  But Angela brought the whip down again--and
again--on the blonde's back.  Not hard enough to leave marks, but hard
enough to make Terri scream in pain, as Scott laid below her and moaned
with pleasure.  

"Now, I'm going to ask you this once.  Give me the wrong answer and I
whip those beautiful tits.  HARD."  Angela moved around to Terri's
front to emphasize.  "If my husband asked you to fuck him, without me
knowing, WOULD YOU DO IT?"  

Terri, never breaking stride on Scott's cock, desperately fumbled for
an answer, any answer, which would protect her sensitive tits (and
hardening nipples) from the whip.  

"Please.....I would have to....I'm just....a cock-craving slut....I
just need cock all the time....PLEASE NO!!!!" Angela raised the whip,
but then dropped it, apparently satisfied with the blonde's answer. 
Terri, relieved, got back to concentrating on her fucking of Scott. 
She needed to cum, and needed it bad.

Angela denied her this, however, instead pulling the girl off of Scott.

"Now, baby, your fantasy is going to come true," she announced to her
husband.  She had Terri stand on the floor and bend over the table. 
Then rummaging in a supply cabinet, she found a wooden ruler and placed
it in her husband's hand.  

Angela told Terri, "My husband's fantasy is that he's an old
schoolmaster, and he's taking a young schoolgirl to task for something
that she's done wrong."  With that, she dropped to her knees and took
Scott's cock into her mouth.  

Terri cringed, and then yelped with surprise and pain as the ruler hit
her ass with a resounding WHACK.  It stung!  Yet it made Terri's cunt
tingle with excitement at the same time.  And it was better than the
prospect of having her breasts whipped.  Before long the blonde's
magnificent ass was covered with red welts.  And a few inches from
there, Terri's cunt was dripping wet with juices, she was so turned on.
 

Fortunately for Terri's asscheeks, Angela's mouth made quick work of
her husband's cock.  As he was cumming, Scott pulled out of her mouth
and shot the majority of his jism all over Terri's back and her
reddened asscheeks.  

Terri just laid there, bent over the table, as Scott got dressed.  The
married couple assumed that the slut secretary was crying in pain and
humiliation; actually she was gasping for air, having cum twice from
the experience of being spanked.

Before following her husband out of the storeroom, Angela produced a
small tube of KY jelly from her pocked, setting it on the table next to
Terri.  "Here you go, slut.  Have fun," Angela taunted.  "I expect you
to bring us a full tube of it....to our house, tomorrow night at 8. 
We'll be expecting you."  Picking up the ruler, Angela gave the blonde
secretary a few closing swats on the ass, splattering her husband's
cum.  "Get this place cleaned up," she finished, then turned and left
Terri alone.

Terri did clean the supply room up.  But not before she reached down
and frigged her cunt to two more orgasms.

*****************************

Having put off the inevitable for as long as she could, Terri returned
to Danielle's office.  The brunette was in the middle of a phone call. 
Wordlessly Terri removed her clothes and waited.

"Did you find what you were sent for?"  Danielle asked as she got off
the phone.  Terri nodded, producing the tube of jelly.  Handing her
secretary the dildo, Danielle instructed her to get it ready.  

Terri coated the entire dildo with the KY jelly, taking her time about
it.  She was in no hurry to have her ass raped by the monster dildo. 
Finally Danielle took the toy from her secretary, and instructed her to
get on the desk, on her hands and knees.  

"I've looked forward to this for a long time.  Remember when you sent
this little toy to me?"  

"Yes," Terri whimpered fearfully.  Her knees were visibly shaking. 
"I'm so sorry...."

"Of course you're sorry, hon!" Danielle commiserated with the trembling
blonde, rubbing the dildo along the crack of Terri's ass.  "You're
sorry that you got yourself into this situation, and you're sorry that
you're about to get your ass reamed.  I doubt though that you're sorry
about all the times you stepped on me to achieve a goal, and then came
back and tapdanced on my face to celebrate."

"Yes, I am!  PLEASE!!!!"

"You have a very beautiful ass," Danielle told her secretary
soothingly, gently rubbing the welts from the ruler.  "It looks like
Angela and Scott had to spank it for you.  What did they have to spank
you for?"

The married couple had had no real reason to spank Terri, but somehow
she didn't think that was the answer her boss/mistress/owner wanted to
hear.

"F-for b-being a slutty....whore....."  

"Good girl.  You know what?  We're going to have a slight change of
plans."  Terri perked up hopefully.  A reprieve?  "Lie down on your
back."  Hopefully, Terri did so.

"You do have very nice tits.  I've always been jealous of them!" 
Danielle moved the KY covered dildo up to Terri's 36D boobs, and began
rubbing the toy all over the blonde's hard nipples and her generous
tits.  "But I'm over that jealousy now," the tormenter confided. 
"Because I can have these anytime I want to!"

Terri liked having her breasts played with and stimulated.  She moaned
softly as the dildo was guided over every square inch of tit.  

"I'll bet Bobby liked you pushing those gorgeous tits together and
sticking his cock between them," Danielle breathed.  "This 'Bobby'" she
indicated the toy "will, too!  Push those huge, firm, SUPERIOR breasts
together!"

Terri complied as her boss slipped the dildo between her cleavage. 
"You like being tittyfucked, don't you?"

In truth, Terri loved it.  But the aim of Danielle's exercise with the
blonde's huge breasts was becoming clear.  She was getting as much of
the precious KY jelly off of the dildo as possible, so that when she
did eventually ream her secretary's virgin ass, it would be that much
more painful.  

Reading her hapless bimbo's mind, Danielle confirmed, "I had to do
that.  You put WAY too much KY on there.  We don't want this monster to
slide into your ass too easy....that would spoil all the fun!"  That
said, Terri was told to get back on her hands and knees.

"Now, I'm not going to lie to you.  When I put this dildo in your tight
little ass, it's going to hurt like hell.  And I'm going to enjoy it. 
But I'll give you something to do while I ream you with this. 
Something to keep your mind off some of the pain."  Reaching in the
drawer, she pulled out a faded letter.  The letter Terri had sent with
the dildo, taunting Danielle about her lost love.  

Danielle put the letter on the desk, right under Terri's head.  Then
she retook her position with the tip of the dildo at the opening to the
blonde's asshole.  "Read it to me," she ordered.

This was too much for Terri.  "Please....Danielle!  I'M SORRY PLEASE
BELIEVE ME!  OH GOD, WHAT CAN I DO TO SHOW YOU HOW SORRY I AM?"

"You can start reading," Danielle answered quietly, pushing the tip of
the dildo into Terri's ass.  

"Oh god.....I....got....B-Bobby, but....but....this is r-roughly
the....same size....enjoy.....s-s-sweetums....."

"Again," Danielle ordered, pushing the dildo a little further in
Terri's ass.

"I got...Bobby....but this is roughly....the same
size.....AAAAAAAAAGGGGGHHHHHH!  Enjoy... sweetums....OH GOD IT HURTS!!!"

"Again.  Keep reading it."  

"I got....Bobby......AAAAAAAHHHHHHHGGGHHHH PLEASE MA'AM.....I
g-got.....B-Bobby.....OHHHHHHHHHHH...."

"Hmmmm, I wonder how Bobby's doing nowadays?  Keep reading," Danielle
added as the toy continued its inexorable slide into the depths of
Terri's ass.

"...B-but....this....AGGGGGHHHHHH....is roughly....AAAAAAGGGGHH!!  the
same.....size....."

"Is it, now?  I'll bet Bobby never did this with HIS cock!"

The letter was becoming blurred by tears.  Terri didn't really need to
read off the letter anymore anyway.  These dozen words would be burned
into her memory forever.  "I....got.....Bobby!!!  But.....this
is.....roughly....same....size!!!"  Through clenched teeth, doing her
best not to scream as the plastic invader was halfway in.

"Did you ever imagine, when you were sending this to me, where it would
end up?" Danielle conversed lightly as the other woman writhed in
agony.  

"AAAAAAAAAAAGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!! 
IGOTBOBBY!!!!!BUTTHISISROUGHLYTHESAMESIZE!!!  OH YOU CRUEL HEARTLESS
BITCH!!! OH GOD PLEASE!!!!!AAAAAAAHHHHHHH IT HURTS!!!!!!"

"You forgot the last two words," Danielle reminded her secretary.

"OHHHHHHHHH.....ENJOY.....SWEETUMS......PLEASE......"

"I am enjoying.  Immensely," Danielle assured her.  "And I love being
called sweetums.  Bobby used to call me that....before you stole him
from me.  But I'm sure you knew that.  That's why you signed the letter
that way.  Isn't it?"  The dildo was now all the way in.

Danielle stepped back to admire the handiwork, the "bobby" dildo
obscenely stretching the blonde slut's tight asshole.  Terri actually
breathed a sigh of relief.

To further demoralize her secretary and wipe out all hope, Danielle
leaned close to Terri and whispered, "Maybe I should fist fuck your
ass...."  That brought a whole new round of screaming and begging.

Grasping the hilt of the dildo, Danielle pulled it all the way out of
the blonde's ass, then plunged it back in.  Terri screamed as more pain
shot through her torn sphincter.  

"Beg me for it, slut," her mistress ordered her.

"Danielle....ma'am....OOOHHHHHHHHHH.....please....fuck me...."

"No.  Call me 'Bobby'.  After all, in a way, it is Bobby that's fucking
your ass."

"Bobby....fuck....me....fuck my ass....AAAGGGGGHHHHHHHHH!!!!"  Danielle
was delighted to oblige, now having a steady rhythm with the dildo
pistoning in and out of Terri's torn ass.  

"Bobby....fuck my ass!!!"  It still hurt like hell, but Terri was
beginning to feel other sensations.  Like a definite tingling from her
cunt.  Maybe if she got herself off, it would take her mind off the
blinding pain her ass was in, she thought, while her right hand moved
down to her clit.

"What are you doing?  Are you getting turned on, slut?"  Danielle
hadn't expected this.  "Get your hand away from there.  I didn't give
you permission to give yourself pleasure."

"Please....OHHHHHHHHHHH PLEASE......"  Terri begged.  Her clit was now
literally itching for attention.

Danielle couldn't believe it.  The slut was really getting aroused by
this anal rape!  "I'll make you a deal, " Danielle offered as she
reamed her secretary's ass with the huge dildo.  "You may touch
yourself, but you have to promise to clean 'Bobby' off with your mouth
when he's done..."

Terri, amazed at how low she was sinking, didn't hesitate.  "YES.....I
promise....I'll lick and suck it clean....PLEASE may I touch my cunt?" 
She was now noticeably thrusting her ass back against the anal invader.

"You may touch yourself," Danielle told the blonde.  

Terri didn't need to be told twice.  It didn't take long for her to
achieve the first of five intensive orgasms.  All in all, part of Terri
was sorry when the dildo was taken out of her ass and handed to her for
cleaning.   

The toy was covered in disgusting slime, and a little bit of blood.  Oh
well, a deal is a deal, the blonde slut reminded herself as she
dutifully took it into her mouth.  

Danielle supervised her secretary, making sure the toy was very well
cleaned.  After all, it would be going in Danielle's cunt next. 
Finally the brunette couldn't stand to watch Terri's tongue and mouth
blowing the fake cock any longer, so she told her secretary she was
excused for the day.  

"Oh, there is one thing I want you to do before you leave," Danielle
added, the toy already deep in her snatch.  Terri, who was getting
dressed, paused.  "I know that two of the men I loaned you out to
wanted to fuck your ass, but you were able to keep them from it.  Good
job, by the way.  But now, I want you to go tell them the good news!"

"What good.....?"  Terri began.

"Why....the good news, that your cute ass is no longer off limits for
their hard cocks!"  

Terri was horrified.  "But....it hurts...."

"It won't hurt after awhile.  I hear you're going over to Scott and
Angela's tomorrow night.  I know he'll be eager to try out your newly
broken in asshole.  Just like I KNOW that you'll beg him to ream it for
you.  Won't you?"

Terri, beaten, nodded silently.

"Angela doesn't get into other women.  I know; I've tried.  But I KNOW
you'll beg her to let you do her, won't you?"

Terri's tears were flowing freely again.  She nodded again.

"Sometime this weekend, I'll be calling you.  I'll give you the name of
a hotel, and a room number.  You'll go there, and there will be some
men waiting for you there.  You'll beg them all to put their cocks in
EVERY ONE of your orifices.  That'll be all."  Terri wept openly as she
was excused from her boss' office.

"Oh, and Terri?" Danielle called as Terri was walking out the door. 
The blonde looked back.

Danielle gave her sweetest angelic smile.  "Have a nice weekend." 
Terri walked out and shut the door.  

As the blonde's sobs of humiliation and hopelessness faded in the
hallway outside, Danielle got down to serious business with her dildo,
all the while planning what would be in store for the hapless Terri
next week. 




                              Second Place Part 6

Monday morning

Danielle took her seat behind her desk.  Like clockwork, she felt her
panties being pulled down, followed by her secretary's tongue beginning
its daily task.

"So....how was...mmmmmm.....how was your weekend?" Danielle inquired to
the girl under the desk.  The secretary's tongue was already finding
all the right spots.  

"Fine," Terri mumbled between licks.  Thinking of the weekend of hell
she had been put through, the blonde reflected that it had been
anything but fine.

Before she had left the office on Friday, Terri had had her ass reamed
by three different men--all of them as big as the dildo Danielle had
sodomized her with, or bigger.  She'd then gingerly made her way out of
the building and to her car, barely able to walk without pain.  

At home, Terri had set to the task of making a nice dinner for her
husband, then getting him drunk.  Fridays, Danielle had declared, were
"fuck-nights".  She would send a different woman to Terri's house every
"fuck-night", at midnight, and the woman would fuck Terri's husband
while the hapless blonde watched.  Terri's job was to get Steven drunk
enough that he would not realize that some other woman was blowing or
fucking him.  

Carrie, this week's "lucky contestant", had arrived at exactly
midnight.  She was younger than Terri, probably late teens or very
early twenties.  Her build was similar, and although her hair was an
angry red and her boobs slightly smaller, Terri doubted that Steven,
now three sheets to the wind, would notice the difference.

Having not seen Carrie at work, Terri had assumed that she must be one
of Danielle's friends.  Wondering if she was THAT kind of "friend", the
blonde had tried to detour the girl from her husband.

"Why don't....you and I....on the couch...." she had started to say.

Carrie had slapped her in the face.  "Whore.  I'm not no fucking dyke. 
Oh I get it.  I'm Danielle's friend, so I must be a fucking dyke?  I'll
make sure and tell her that."

"No please.....I didn't mean--" 

"Tell ya what though.  I hear you like sticking things up your ass...."
 Carrie retrieved an empty  wine bottle, left over from Terri's dinner
with Steven.  "While I'm in your bed screwing your husband, you can
fuck your ass with this and watch us."

Terri, of course, had done just that, wincing in pain and taking her
time about sliding the bottle into her torn up asshole, until the other
woman offered to do it for her.  Terri watched in shame as Carrie
sucked, then rode, her husband.  With the wine bottle in one hand,
Terri had used the other hand to play with her clit.  Over and over,
she tried to tell herself that it was just to take the edge off the
pain, and that she could not possibly be getting aroused by being so
totally dominated and humiliated.  Finally the redhead squeezed her
breasts together around Steven's cock and fucked him with her tits.  As
her husband shot his jism all over the stranger's jugs, Terri's
heartbreak and humiliation were running a very distant second to the
pain in her sore, tender asshole.  

Then, Carrie was done, and made her way downstairs.  Beckoning to
Terri, she had ordered, "Clean off my tits with your tongue."  Adding,
"Yes, I'm a little curious.  Don't you DARE tell Danielle though!"  

"Mmmm mmmm," Terri had confirmed as she licked her husband's cum off
this stranger's boobs.  The betrayed wife was just grateful to have the
bottle out of her ass.  Carrie, meanwhile, seemed to be getting more
excited than she cared to admit.  Judging from the way the redhead's
hard nipples jutted out from her t-shirt as she left, Terri had a
feeling the young woman would be back for more.

Saturday morning, Terri had slept in.  She had been awoken at noon by a
call from Danielle, instructing her to be at a certain hotel in an
hour.  There, she had found four men whom it seemed Danielle had
selected for their passion for assfucking.  Terri, her asshole
extremely sore from its "breaking in" of the day before, had
desperately tried to pass off her other sexual skills to the men, but
to no avail.  They had only been interested in one thing, which
unfortunately was the one thing which was causing the blonde the most
agony at the moment.  It got so intense after awhile that while one of
the men was fucking her asshole, the other three would have to hold
Terri down.  

For six hours Terri's ass had endured the suffering.  When she was
finally allowed to leave the hotel, she had had to go to Scott and
Angela's home.  There, she had endured three hours of being pinched and
whipped by Angela, while being fucked by Scott.  Thankfully, Scott had
stayed out of Terri's ass though.  

Sunday, Danielle had let her secretary rest.  Terri had thought she
would have time to recover; however, this morning her asshole seemed to
be even more tender and sore.  Try as she might, she had been unable to
get the sizing dildo into her ass as was her under-the-desk routine.  

Now, Terri was concentrating on Danielle's cunt, hoping to lick it
extra well so that her boss wouldn't notice the absence of the dildo
from her secretary's rear.  Her hopes were dashed as, after finishing
her duties, her boss inquired as to where the dildo was, and what it
was doing anywhere except up her ass.

Terri tried to explain how sore she was from the weekend's activities. 
The other woman wasn't hearing it.

"I gave you Sunday to rest.  And this is how you repay?  Expect to be
punished for this."  

Danielle pointedly ignored Terri the rest of the morning, letting the
secretary think about what she'd done wrong, or more importantly, to
let her imagine the consequences.  Terri tried to stay busy, but
whenever she found some work to do, Danielle would always have someone
else in the office come and take over, leaving Terri with nothing to do
but think about the horrors awaiting her.

At noon, Danielle summoned Terri.  "Time for us to go to lunch!"  So,
she was in for another lunchtime humiliation by her boss.  

Danielle did not disappoint.  On the way to the bistro, she instructed
a horrified Terri what was expected.  

When the waiter came to take the order, Terri recited her lines almost
perfectly.

"Do you have sausage?"

"How thick is it?  Is it bigger than two of my fingers put together?"

"Do you have whole cucumbers?"

"How long and how thick are they?"

"What about hot dogs?  I like them foot long!  And could you put some
mayonnaise on the tip?"

"I'd also like a fresh banana.  Preferably one that's not ripe yet. 
They're stiffer when they're like that!"  she confided to the waiter
with a wink.  

As the waiter walked away, he tried vainly to hold the menus in front
of him to conceal his raging hardon.  Terri, meanwhile, spent the
entire lunch under the table.  When her food was delivered, Danielle
handed each item to the blonde under the table, so she could service
herself with it.  The giant cucumber was somewhat excruciating, but the
blonde was just thankful that it was in her cunt instead of other
places which would be worse.  

All the while Terri munched away at her boss' pussy.

Dessert came....tapioca pudding for Danielle, and a popsicle for Terri.
 "Here, something to cool off that hot slutty cunt of yours," Danielle
remarked as she unwrapped the popsicle.  Terri welcomed the ice cold
treat, which killed much of the pain of having had her cunt stretched
by the cucumber.

Danielle rubbed a spoonful of the white pudding into her pussy.  "Lick
it off," she ordered her servant.  "Just imagine you're licking your
husband's cum out of some other woman's snatch....oh YEAH.....which by
the way will be happening again real soon....UMMMMM yeah....!"  

While eating out her boss, Terri fucked her own cunt with the popsicle
until it melted completely.  Then she substituted her fingers for the
popsicle stick.  

Surprisingly, they got out of the restaurant without Terri being pimped
off on any of the staff.  And the rest of the work day went without
incident.  As she drove home, Terri hoped that Danielle had forgotten
about the dildo incident, or that the lunchtime humiliation was being
considered to be punishment enough.  

She was wrong about this, though.  Late that night, Danielle showed up
with Carrie, and the two girls treated Terri's sleeping husband to a
double blowjob, with an obscene twist--Danielle made Terri take off her
wedding ring and give it to Carrie, who wore it herself while she went
down on the tormented girl's husband.  Meanwhile Danielle licked
Steven's balls and up and down his cock shaft, and a few times the two
ladies' tongues touched briefly.  Then Carrie gave the wedding ring to
Danielle, who slipped it on her own ring finger as she lowered her hot
love box onto Steven's erect prick.  Terri, of course, had been told to
stay in the doorway and watch.  She wept as she watched her rival,
boss, and for all practical purposes, her owner, wearing HER wedding
ring while fucking HER husband.  When Steven climaxed, Danielle went
through the usual routine of leading the tormented blonde downstairs
and getting the cum eaten out of her cunt.  

As Terri dutifully performed her task, Carrie watched.  The younger
woman was definitely curious, there was no question about it.  

"Would you like to join us?" Danielle prodded.  "I'm sure we could find
a place for you."

"No, I don't think so," Carrie replied, though she didn't take her eyes
off the beautiful blonde's tongue buried in her boss' snatch.  

"Well if you ever change your mind, Terri here will be glad to do
anything and everything you can imagine.  Isn't that right, Terri?"

"Yes ma'am...."  the blonde mumbled.  

"Good girl."  Danielle got up and got dressed.  "Now finger fuck your
cunt until we're gone."  The two women got up to leave.  Terri,
completely humiliated and beaten, cried as she slipped her fingers
inside her pussy for the millionth time.  "And," Danielle added with a
smile, "don't try and follow us."  As the two women left the home which
they were helping to wreck, the brunette commented to her friend, "I've
always wanted to say that...."  Everyone but Terri found humor in this.
 

It was not until the sound of Danielle's car had faded into the night
that Terri stopped fucking her fingers.  And Danielle was all the way
across town, dropping Carrie off at her home, before Terri realized
that the other woman still had her wedding ring.

The abused blonde curled up on the couch and cried herself to sleep.

-------------------------------

The next day, Terri knew she would have to ask for her wedding ring
back.  She just hoped that she would not have to do anything especially
painful or humiliating to get it back....although of course she would
do so, without question, if necessary.  

All day long, she tried to get a moment alone with Danielle, to ask for
the ring back.  But she literally could not get a word in edgewise. 
From the moment Danielle walked in the office, Terri was kept busy. 
First, of course, she had her morning cunt lapping to attend to (the
dildo firmly embedded up her ass this time--the young blonde had
learned her lesson.)  Then Terri was sent across town on errands.  

When she returned, Danielle was gone for a long lunch; Jeanie and
Angela, however, took turns tormenting the girl.  Sending her back and
forth to the mailroom, making her do obscene things with office
supplies, and little things of that caliber.  Fortunately Danielle
returned before the girls could make Terri staple her cunt lips
together.

Relieved, Terri followed Danielle into her office.  

"Sit down," Danielle said excitedly.  "I have something to show you!"

This couldn't possibly be good.  Danielle took out some 8x10 pictures
of some models.  There were two pictures of each model, in identical
poses.  Except for the fact that in picture #2, each model had larger
breasts.

"So what do you think?"  Danielle was still excited.  

"Their boobs are bigger in these other pictures....." Terri offered.

Her boss laughed at her.  "Duh!  You definitely ARE blonde!  That's
because they have implants!  I was just at this doctor who does boob
jobs.  He does good work, don't you think?"

"I suppose....but...."

"So.....what do you think?"  Danielle asked again.

Terri was not sure what the other woman wanted to hear, but she felt as
if she were being tested.  "I like....um....I mean.....you
look....good....the way you are...."

"Are you really that dumb, Terri, or are you just acting?" Danielle
teased.  "They're not for me, silly.....they're for YOU."

"But.....I don't need...."

"Yes, you do.  I took an impromptu office poll, and 100% of the men I
asked said they'd like to see you with bigger tits.  So.....goodbye, D
cup.....hello, triple D's!"

"Danielle.....please....I'll look like a slut....."

"Hon," Terri's boss confided, "everyone in this company concurs, that
you are the biggest slut any of us know.  And now," she finished
gleefully, "you'll be an even BIGGER slut!  Thanks to the wonders of
silicone!!!!"  

"Please.....no....my husband...." Terri pleaded.

"--will love them," Danielle finished for her.  "He loved your big tits
when you stole him away from me, didn't he?  He damn sure didn't pick
you for your personality."  

"I can't....it's expensive....an operation....new clothes...."  Terri
fumbled for excuses.

"New clothes?  I'd prefer you keep the outfits you have.  Should be
interesting to see you BUSTing out of them!"  She laughed.  "As far as
money goes.....I made a little transaction today which will pay for
some of the cost of the operation.  The rest, you'll earn on your back,
turning tricks three times a week."

"Three times.....?"  Terri gasped in horror.

"You're right.  Four would be better.  Four times a week."

"You're going to turn me into a whore!" Terri said in astonishment.

"Sweetie, you already are a whore.  All those men you've been fucking
in hotels?  All of them paid me."

Terri was in disbelief.  "Well, I can't do it anymore!  I won't! 
Danielle....ma'am....I have to draw the line!"

Danielle stood up.  "Draw the line.  I see.  Well, before you draw that
line, let me give you one more reason to do this." Reaching in her
purse, she pulled out a yellow piece of paper.  "Here's how I got the
money for part of the boob job."  Terri burst into tears as she
realized what the paper was.  

"It's amazing how pawn shops try to rip you off nowadays.  How much did
that ring cost Steven when he bought it for you?  Must have been around
three grand.  They barely gave me half of that!"  

"Now," Danielle continued as Terri fell to pieces, "you'll go to the
hotel four nights a week, and you'll fuck whoever I send to you. 
They'll pay me in advance, but who knows?  If you're a REAL good fuck,
maybe they'll tip you.  And if you save up enough tips, maybe you'll
even be able to get your ring back before the pawn shop sells it. 
Maybe," she reflected, "it'll end up with a woman who knows how to be
loyal to her husband, instead of being a doormat for men!"  The
brunette, savoring her control over the bawling secretary, paused.  "So
is this acceptable?  Or are you still drawing the line?"

"No...." Terri whispered.  "No....I'll....I'll do it."  

"Great.  You're scheduled for the boob job tomorrow."  As Terri started
to sob about the money, Danielle added, "I'm loaning you the rest of
the money.  I'm sure you'll earn it back for me, with interest.   Now,
how about using that pretty tongue to thank me for the loan...."  As a
beaten Terri got on her knees, Danielle humiliated her some more. 
"You'll have a few days off to recover from your operation.  Then,
you'll throw a tit-warming party, to commemorate your new boobs. 
You'll make out invitations and pass out flyers around the office, and
we'll have the party at the hotel of your choice."




                                Second Place Part 7 - INTERLUDES - Steven

Terri's husband, Steven, had been having weird dreams.  Not that they were in
 the least unpleasant.  In the dreams, other women were in bed with him, 
alternately going down on him and fucking him.  His wife always watched from 
the doorway of their bedroom, set back in the shadows, masturbating.  It was 
always vague, but he knew she was really getting off on watching, by the way 
she was gasping.  At various times during their marriage, he had heard her gasp 
like that, when his tongue had found just the right spot and assaulted it 
relentlessly.  Sometimes Terri was giving the other woman, or women, instructions 
on what to do.  And sometimes in the dreams, after Steven had climaxed, whether in 
the mouth or cunt of the woman with whom he was being shared, Terri would go downstairs 
and the women would fuck.

Steven imagined that his imagination was just working overtime.  Nor could he blame 
it...for it seemed his wife had lost all her sex drive.  Just the other night, the 
guys had all gotten together at Scott's home for a party.  Scott's wife, Angela, 
had gone to the video store and chosen what she deemed an "appropriate" video for a 
boys' night out, then had wisely left the guys alone to enjoy it.  The porn starlet 
in the movie bore an uncanny resemblance to Terri, and after watching the first scene, 
where the young blonde actress took on three mailroom boys, Steven excused himself and 
hurried home.  Extremely turned on, he had crawled into bed with his wife with a raging 
hardon.  But she had only pushed him away.  It seemed that this was becoming the norm.

Terri was also spending more and more time away from home.  When he would ask her 
about it, she'd often snap at him, asking why he mistrusted her so much.  He also 
noticed--but didn't ask about--her new wardrobe.  Miniskirts, camisoles, halters, 
lace bras and panties, corsets, garters, hose.  

Steven was growing increasingly frustrated.  So when Carrie, a temp working in his 
office, invited him first out for lunch, then later out for dinner, he went.

Danielle
--------

Revenge was sweet, the pretty brunette reflected to herself as she stepped out of 
the shower and toweled off.  The ruined look on that uppity little blonde bitch's 
face, when she found out that her wedding ring had been pawned, had been worth a 
thousand orgasms.  Not that Danielle wasn't already off to a good start in achieving 
that number, she smiled to herself.  On the drive home, she had handled rush hour 
extremely well, wisely using the time to reacquaint her pussy to her favorite vibrator, 
to the tune of three orgasms.  She gave herself another when she slid the cum-covered 
toy into her tight ass.  The bewildered motorists around her had clearly never seen 
anyone so happy about bumper to bumper traffic.  Once home, and in the shower, she 
had let her fingers do the walking, and twice more had peaked.  Then she had adjusted 
the shower head and laid down on the shower floor, spreading her legs and letting the 
high-powered jet of water beat down on her clit.  Four more cums, as she imagined her 
hapless secretary's tongue serving her down below.  

Climbing onto her bed, Danielle shed her towel and her fingers found their mark again.  
With her left hand she played with her clit; with her right hand, she fucked herself 
with first one, then two, and finally three fingers.  She felt great but the only 
problem was, her hands were beginning to ache.  Danielle wished her slave/secretary 
were there to service her.  Then, she thought evilly, why do I have to wish for it?  
I own the fucking little whore!

Panting heavily, the saucy brunette picked up her phone, and punched in a number she 
knew by heart.  A number which would make a pager go off somewhere across town.  A page 
that, if not responded to within ten minutes, would result in a number of interesting 
packages and letters being mailed out to the husband of a certain blonde bimbo.

Danielle put the receiver back in its cradle.  She laid back down on the bed, where 
the pillow was wet from her hair....and the covers were wet from her dripping cunt 
juices.  She waited.

When the phone began ringing, she decided to let it ring for awhile.  Smiling, she 
brought her middle finger to her mouth, and took it in, lustfully sucking her delicious 
nectar from it.

Revenge was very sweet, indeed.


Carrie
------

The young redhead was riding her lover for all she was worth.  The fact that he was 
a married man only excited her more.  Besides, considering all the things the man's 
wife had done to her best friend over the years, Carrie felt absolutely no remorse.  
This wasn't the first time she'd fucked Steven, of course....but it was the first time 
that he was aware that she was fucking him.  And Carrie wanted Steven to know, exactly 
what it meant to be fucked by Carrie.  

Carrie loved being on top.  She was in control, and she could put her lover's cock in 
just the right spots.  And, when she felt him close to cumming, she could easily back 
off and let him cool down a little bit.  Which she had done several times, over the 
past two hours of this mind-blowing fuck.  

"OH GAWWWWWWDDDD.....YEAH LOVER......FEELS SO GOOD.......YEAH!!!!!!!!!!" Carrie 
articulated.  "Yeah.....your wife doesn't know.....what she's missing....YEAH!!!!! 
YES!!! YES!!!! YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!"  Carrie bucked, holding on for dear 
life, as the two lovers climaxed simultaneously.  The redhead's vaginal muscles 
spasmed and contracted around Steven's spurting, pulsing cock, as he filled her hole 
with his gooey seed.  

When Carrie finally eased herself off Steven's dick, she noted that he was still 
hard.  That just wouldn't do.  Taking him in her mouth, she followed up the fuck 
of his life with what she hoped would be the blowjob of his life.  She first teased 
the tip, until he grabbed the back of her head and urged her to take him all the way 
in.  Which she gladly did, slurping and sucking his magnificent cock until he was 
again spurting his creamy delight, this time into her warm, wet mouth.

Carrie eased out of bed.  Her lover made to do the same, but she gently--but firmly--
pushed him back down.  

"I just have to go do something.  I'll be back in awhile.  Stay here."

"My wife--"  Steven began.

"--is most likely going to be out, doing god knows what, until well after midnight.  
You said so yourself.   Stay here in bed.....and I expect that gorgeous, throbbing 
cock to be ready and waiting for me when I get back."  To emphasize, the voluptuous 
redhead took Steven's semi-hard prick into her mouth, giving it a few slurps.  Was 
that a stirring?  Carrie didn't wait to find out.  

Throwing on a nightgown, she left her home and hopped in her car.  She pretended 
that she had no idea where she was headed, but in reality she knew exatcly.  She 
passed the point of no return as she guided her car toward the exit which led to 
Terri's house.

Ok...so I *am* curious.  So sue me!  she kidded herself.  All kidding aside, Carrie 
had found herself very aroused during her previous encounters with Terri.  She had 
not wanted to admit it in front of Danielle, however.  But with the barrel that 
Danielle had Terri over, Carrie effectively had an automaton who would do whatever 
she liked, and move at whatever pace she liked.  

Idly, the young girl wondered if the blonde slut would recognize the taste of the 
cum in Carrie's pussy, as that of her husband Steven.

In any case, it wouldn't matter.  Carrie planned on telling her.


Terri
-----

The blonde's ass hurt.  All the toys--and men's cocks--which had been up her ass the 
past few days, had torn up the membrane of her anal canal.  But the worst part was 
actually the itching, as her reamed asshole healed.  Many times Terri had half hoped 
that Danielle would send her to a hotel room full of men to fuck her tight asshole 
some more.  

Aside from that, Terri was still trying to regain her balance.  She had been well-endowed 
before her mandatory, Danielle-imposed boob job.  Now, a triple-D, her equilibrium was 
off, and she had actually nearly fallen forward a few times.  And of course, there was 
the staring, whenever Danielle sent her on some mindless errand.  It didn't help any 
that her boss had prohibited her from buying new clothes, and she was confined to 
practically bursting out of the outfits she had.

Standing in her bedroom naked, looking in the mirror at her tear-streaked face, her 
obscenely giant boobs, and her jet black (dyed) pubic hair (to make people think she 
was not a natural blonde), Terri wondered how she'd been reduced to this.  Just 
yesterday, it seemed, she had been one of the city's top saleswomen.  Well, now she 
was another kind of saleswomen, she thought bitterly.  A whore.

Her thoughts were cut off by the shrill sound of her pager.  When she checked the 
number, she saw that it was Danielle calling her.  More humiliation and degradation.

As Terri squeezed her huge tits into her dress, nearly ripping it, she sobbed openly.  
Then, bringing herself under control, she headed out to perform her duties for her boss.




                               Second Place Part 8--Terri's Tit-Warming Party 

Terri knew she was in store for a humiliating evening, as she rode the elevator up 
to the ballroom which she had rented at Danielle's request.  The wall of the 
elevator was mirrored, and she now checked her appearance.  A white button down 
shirt, a little tight on the girl but otherwise rather plain save for the fact that 
the first three buttons were undone, revealing some impressive triple-D cleavage 
and a hint of a green lace bra.  A green leather mini, to match the bra (and the 
thong panty, which, with any luck, wouldn't be revealed for the first twenty 
minutes of the party, Terri thought bitterly.)  No hose, just a pair of 4 inch 
white pumps.  All in all, Terri looked for all the world like a cocktail waitress.  


Terri checked her face.  Her hair was permed, her face beautifully made up.  After 
all, she was the hostess at a very important party! Reaching in her purse, she took 
out her eye makeup, and touched up the areas which had been messed up by her crying 
session, in the car on the way over here.

This done, Terri adjusted the tiny device in her ear.  Nearly invisible to an 
observer, and concealed by Terri's lovely blonde hair, the hearing-aid-like device 
was hooked to a remote transmitter, from which Danielle would give her instructions 
on how to totally humiliate herself tonight.


In a small room which she had set up for just this purpose, Danielle watched the 
party on a small handful of closed circuit video screens.  The evil brunette had 
already ordered the bar open, and many of the men were already taking advantage.  
Women were noticeably absent.  That was because when Terri had written out the 
invitations to her office party, Danielle had carefully weeded out all the invites 
to the female employees, and ran them through her paper shredder.  The result was 
an office party, consisting of about 30 male employees, and one blonde super-slut, 
who would know every man at the party intimately before this night was over.  


The elevator stopped, and Terri stepped out.  Thank goodness for small favors, she 
had had the elevator all to herself, and when she had been on the verge of breaking 
down in tears, she had managed to get control of herself.  Now, in the hallway 
outside the elevator, there were people again, and they were staring at her.  To 
force back the tears, she tried to think positive.  At least Danielle had let her 
buy some clothes which fit her, instead of having to force her mammoth boobs into 
her smaller outfits.  Not that she'd likely have the clothes on for long, she 
reflected with bitterness.  She could only hope that she'd be allowed to wear them 
home; Danielle and her friends had forced her to make her way home clad in just bra 
and panties before.


She was at the door to the ballroom.  She wanted to run, but there was nowhere to 
go.  Danielle had her over a barrel.  Sure, Danielle could tip off Steven as to his 
wife's illicit activities.....but the blonde reflected that it didn't matter as 
much anymore.  Carrie, the young thing whom Danielle had brought to the house--and 
who had come to the house quite a few times on her own, to experiment with lesbian 
love with Terri--had gloated that she had fucked Steven.  Terri had not wanted to 
believe it, until she had been forced to lick the evidence from the vivacious 
redhead's cunt.  


What really frightened Terri was all the illegal things which Danielle had put her 
up to.  First of all, there was the matter of corporate espionage, when Terri had 
first gone to "work" for Danielle, and had stolen confidential records from her old 
job.  Then there was the prostitution.  All of which was well documented by 
Danielle.  Of course, besides Steven, there was always the threat that Danielle 
would simply fire off mailers of video tapes and photographs to Terri's entire 
family.


Terri had no choice.  She opened the door and took in the scene.  Thirty of her 
fellow employees--all male--were seated at various tables.  She also noticed with a 
sinking feeling that there were several video cameras set up, to permanently record 
the event for Danielle to blackmail her even further.  Not that there would be any 
question as to what kind of tramp Terri was, after tonight.


Heads turned to check out the blonde beauty.  Conversation stopped, and mouths 
dropped open.  All eyes settled on Terri--well, more specifically, on Terri's 
chest.  Many of the men had heard the rumors about the new girl at the office, and 
had daydreamed about fondling her firm breasts.  And that was before the 
augmentation!  


Terri pasted a fake smile on her face, to match her manmade chest....and headed 
straight for the bar, thirty pairs of eyes following the sway of her heart-shaped 
ass, plainly apparent through her tight skirt.  She would need a few stiff drinks 
to make it through this.


A voice in her head stopped her.  Actually it was in her ear, through the listening 
device.  "No alcohol, sweetie!  I want you completely sober!"  Danielle's voice.  
The bitch didn't want Terri to do anything which would ease the humiliation in the 
least.  "And aren't you going to greet your guests and thank them for coming?"


So Terri turned around, to all the men who were staring at her.  "Thank you for 
coming," she said simply.  


For the next fifteen minutes, Terri made her way around all the tables, greeting 
each guest.  Questions were posed about her boob job, which she answered.  At 
Danielle's insistence, she offered refills on drinks.  Now quite literally a 
cocktail waitress, the blonde brought the drinks out, taking care (again at 
Danielle's insistence) to lean over each time and treat the men to a delicious view 
of her cleavage.  By the time Terri made her way around with a second refill of 
drinks (after first being ordered by the unseen Danielle to undo another button on 
her shirt), there were definite bulges in many pairs of pants.  Scott, one of the 
men who was well aware of the poor office slut's predicament (having taken 
advantage of it several times) slapped Terri on the ass whenever she walked by, to 
the cheers and cat-calls of his coworkers.  The already-apparent leer on Scott's 
face frightened Terri badly.  She still had welts from being whipped by Scott and 
his wife in the supply room.


Scott would play a very important role in tonight's party.  His wife, Angela, had 
been excluded by gender.  But he would give her a "blow-by-blow" description 
(literally--he would tell as she blew) when he made it home.  Angela, in turn, 
would retell the story tomorrow morning, to all the female employees.  Who would of 
course have to do twice as much work tomorrow, since all the men would get the day 
off to recover from the festivities.  It would be made clear that it was all thanks 
to the cheap, big-titted, airheaded bimbo who worked for the boss.


Terri was now receiving instruction from Danielle.  Proceed to the next phase.  She 
tried hard not to cry....but eventually had to excuse herself for a few minutes to 
the ladies room.


----------------


"W....we're going to play a game...."  Terri began.  


"Strip poker?" someone in back yelled hopefully.  Everyone cheered and laughed, 
except Terri, who blushed.  


Trembling, she continued.  "We're going to play truth or dare....I'm....the only 
one....who will be asked.....questions....." Fighting back tears.  Thinking good 
thoughts....


"And don't even think of taking all 'truth' and no 'dare'," Danielle hissed in her 
ear.  


A man in front volunteered to go first.  Terri chose "truth".


"Have you ever been unfaithful to your husband?"


Terri whispered a "yes".  The crowd responded with "oohs" and "ahhhs".  


Next person.  Daniel, from Accounting.  A rather shy guy, so Terri risked going 
with "dare".


Blushing, the young man fumbled with his request.  "Undo....another one of your 
buttons...."  Terri, trembling a little, complied.  With five buttons undone, much 
of her green bra was visible.  Quite a view.  


The questions came from around the room.  Truth.  Terri telling about her first 
time with a man.  Truth again.  Terri admitting that she swallowed cum, and liked 
the taste of it (actually two questions, but everyone but Terri was free to bend 
the rules any way they liked).  Dare.  Another button gone.  Truth.  Terri 
admitting that she loved showing off her big tits for men.  Dare.  A french kiss 
with the new guy in Human Resources, with him groping her massive boobs through her 
shirt while everyone else egged him on.  Dare.  Another button gone, and Terri's 
white shirt hanging completely open, her delectable triple-D's bursting out of her 
lacy green bra.  


Then....Scott's turn.  Terri couldn't even begin to imagine what sick, twisted 
things this man would make her do.  So....


"Truth."


"Truth," Scott repeated.   He leaned forward.  "Are you wet, Terri?"


"Wh....what?" 


"Are you wet, you dumb bimbo.  Is your pussy dripping wet with juices.  Are you 
getting turned on by making a complete whore out of yourself."  Mouths dropped 
open, and stayed that way awaiting the hapless blonde's answer.


"No," Terri lied.  Then her eyes widened in horror, as Scott got up.  


"I think in all fairness, we should check this out for ourselves...."  Reaching 
down, Scott lifted Terri's skirt, revealing her green panties.  Which were soaked.  
To emphasize, Scott eased his hand into her panties, rustling through her jet-black 
pubic hair, then sliding his middle finger up into her dripping wet love hole.  
Withdrawing, he held up his finger, glistening with the slut's juices, up for all 
to see.  It looked like he was flipping the bird to the crowd.  Then he offered the 
finger to Terri, who, now quietly sobbing, closed her eyes and resignedly took the 
finger into her mouth, sucking it clean of her own betraying juices.  The men, 
meanwhile, roared in mock outrage at her lie.


"Looks like you lied, little girl...." Scott whispered.  Then aloud, "Terri will be 
punished for this.  But first, let's have a look at what we all came here to see."  
With that, Scott roughly pulled Terri's shirt off of her.  The cat-calls went up, 
and the men urged Scott to take her bra off of her as well.  


Instead, Scott led Terri to a small table, and bent her over it.  Then he pulled up 
her skirt, bunching it up under her belly and revealing the blonde's shapely ass.  
The men whooped and hollered.


"Now, this slut gets punished.  Everyone, please form a line.  Each of you will get 
to spank Terri's cute little ass."  To emphasize, Scott fondled the hostess' 
asscheeks.  "Those of you with belts on, can feel free to take them off and use 
them."


Terri pleaded softly.  "Scott....please.....I'm sorry...."


Scott leaned close.  "Don't forget to thank each man, and apologize for being such 
a lying slut.  Or we'll do this all night."


Wracked with sobs, Terri gripped the edges of the table until her knuckles turned 
white.  One by one, each man stepped up and whipped her.  Some, mercifully, used 
only their bare hands.  The rest used belts.  Each time, Terri sobbed "Thank 
you....I'm sorry for being such a lying slut....."  Her ass was now on fire.


After the spanking line, the men formed two lines, one at Terri's head and one at 
her feet.  She felt her panties being ripped off of her, followed by a large cock 
being slid roughly up her slit.  Terri opened her mouth in a gasp, and it was 
immediately stuffed with another cock.  Having no choice in the matter, Terri did 
what she now did best.  


-------------

In the booth, watching via closed circuit cameras, Danielle watched breathlessly.  
She had stripped herself naked so that she could easily access any part of her body 
which ached for attention.  Like her cunt was aching now.  The young VP slipped her 
favorite toy up her cunt as she watched Terri get her just desserts.


-------------


The men in the "bottom" line had a choice between Terri's cunt or ass.  A punch 
bowl full of condoms had been brought out.  The blonde's eyes had widened when she 
saw how many condoms were there.  For what seemed like hours, Terri was reduced to 
a fuck-machine, using her mouth, pussy and ass to service the endless supply of 
hard, pumping, spurting cocks of her co-workers.  


Finally all the men returned to their seats, and Terri lay bent over the table, 
unmoving, humiliated and exhausted.  Her belly felt bloated with cum from all the 
cocks she had sucked.  (Word of her oral expertise had spread, and many of the men 
who had been fucking her cunt and/or ass had held back and saved their jism for the 
saucy blonde's mouth.)  


Scott went up to her.  "Get up," he growled.  He roughly helped Terri to her feet.  
The blonde bimbo, clad in bra, skirt and heels, stood there staring into space.  "I 
have another truth or dare question for you.  And I'm sure you know the penalty for 
lying by now."  Terri nodded resignedly.  "How many men can you service at the same 
time?"


Terri did the math.  "S...six."  Barely a whisper.


"Six," Scott repeated aloud.  "OK....we have thirty people here.  We're going to 
divide you up into five teams.  Each team will fuck this little whore,"  stopping 
to fondle the woman's ample boobs, "and whoever fucks her the best wins.  The prize 
will be a day off--" cheers erupted "--and our little Terri here will do anything 
you want for a week."  This was met with even more cheers.  


So they divided the men into five teams.  The first team, which Scott was on, took 
its place.  The first order of business was to get the buxom secretary naked.  Her 
skirt was yanked off and cast into the throng.  Then came the moment all had been 
waiting for, as Scott reached behind Terri and undid the clasps of her bra.  Her 
gorgeous, firm triple-D boobs were revealed in all their glory, and every man there 
silently beheld this sight in admiration.  


Then it was time to start.  Terri, clad only in her white pumps, was led back to 
the table.  "Anyone who's going to be fucking this slut's tits or asshole, might 
want to consider getting some lubrication."  To emphasize, he grabbed a handful of 
the secretary's blonde hair, forcing her down on him.  To Terri, he urged, "You 
better get it lubed up real nice....after all, it's your ass....That's it, slobber 
all over it, slut....."  Then Scott was ready.  He lay on the table, and two other 
men lowered Terri's ass onto his erect prick.  Scott then pulled Terri down on top 
of him, so that her back was to his chest, and ordered the blonde to start fucking.  
Despite the burning pain in her ever-sore asshole, Terri began carefully moving her 
ass, impaling herself on Scott's dick.  Scott then grabbed a mammoth breast in each 
hand and shoved them tightly together.  Daniel from Accounting (not quite as shy 
anymore, after having fucked the gorgeous secretary's mouth and filling it with his 
cum) straddled Terri and slipped his meat first into her mouth, then between her 
tits.  


The other men took their places.  One cock eased into Terri's cunt, and another man 
turned her head to the side, bringing her face to face with his cock, which he 
slipped into her mouth.  To finish it off, two men took their places next to the 
table, and one throbbing prick was placed into each of her hands.  


Terri had been gang-fucked in the past.  One time, on a dare in college, she had 
done four guys in a multitude of positions, and then staggered home at four in the 
morning, their cum dripping from her hair, her face, and her pussy.  And several 
times Danielle had arranged for Terri to be gang-banged, in local motels and 
sometimes even in Terri's home, in the bed she shared with her husband.  But those 
people had mostly been strangers whom she would never have to see again.  This was 
totally different.  Terri would have to go back to work the next day, and face 
these people.  She would have to prepare paperwork for them, to make coffee for 
them, to run errands for them.  And now that they knew how things were for Terri, 
she would no doubt have to fuck them whenever and wherever they wished.  This 
humiliated her even more than the six hard cocks which were now fucking her from 
every direction.  The tears were pouring, and Terri was alternately sobbing and 
moaning.  How had her life come to this? she asked herself for the thousandth time.


Scott whispered in her ear.  "You know you love it.  Just get used to the idea that 
you're a whore, and this will be a lot easier for you.  Think about how wet your 
cunt is right now.  You love it."  Through the earpiece, she could hear the unseen 
Danielle moaning in pleasure, no doubt using her fingers or some toy on herself 
while watching her rival's debasement.  Terri just wanted to curl up and die.


Daniel was the first.  The sight of his cock disappearing between the finest pair 
of tits he had ever seen, proved to be overwhelming.  With a gasp, he spurted all 
over Terri's neck, then took his cock into his hand and carefully aimed the rest of 
his load evenly over her abundant breasts.  


The guy fucking her mouth was next.  Even when Terri was being completely degraded 
in the middle of a gang rape, her skilled mouth still expertly performed its task.  
She moaned softly as she felt the cock tense up, and she prepared to swallow.  Cum 
began spurting and she swallowed as fast as she could, but it wasn't fast enough 
and his white gooey jism leaked out of the corners of her mouth.  Secretly Terri 
fired off a silent prayer that it would drip down onto Scott's face.  Finally 
sensing that the fellatrice's mouth was overfull, the man pulled out and 
distributed the remainder of his seed all over her face and hair.


The man crawled off, and Terri was thankful that at least her mouth could get a 
rest for a few minutes.  Her relief was short-lived, however, as the two men whom 
she was jacking off hopped up on the table, replacing the two cocks which had been 
fucking her mouth and tits.  Terri was bucking and moaning in rhythm with the men 
fucking her twat and her asshole.  She was extremely wet and had already had two 
orgasms.  Scott was right.  She was a whore.


The man fucking the blonde's cunt tensed up, then began filling her with his jism.  
As she felt his hot cum shooting against the walls of her pussy, she went with him, 
screaming through the cock she was sucking off (which then began twitching, then 
spurting, filling the vixen's mouth with more seed.)  Then it was down to the man 
screwing her boobs, and Scott anally raping her.  


"Open your mouth," the tit-fucker ordered her.  Terri obeyed, even slightly 
sticking her tongue out knowing what was coming.  The man took his cock in his hand 
and stroked it.  "Here it comes, whore...." he promised, taking aim at the blonde 
pixie's already cum-drenched mouth.  Releasing, he shot a stream of jism which 
missed Terri's mouth entirely, instead adding to the sticky mess already drying on 
her cheek.  The second spurt found its mark, gushing against the roof of her mouth 
in a seemingly endless stream.  She closed her mouth to swallow but he kept 
cumming, coating her lips and splattering everywhere, up her nose and all over her 
chin, neck and in her hair.  Then he slid his prick back into her mouth and pumped 
the remainder of his load down her throat.


Now only Scott was left.  Leaving his cock inside her tender ass, he rolled Terri 
over and directed her to her hands and knees.  He had not had a wide range of 
motion while pinned underneath the voluptuous blonde, but was determined to make up 
for it.  Pulling his cock all the way out of Terri, he teased the rosebud of her 
asshole with his cockhead.  Then with a swift motion he buried himself up to the 
hilt in her reamed asshole.  Terri cried out in surprise and pain, as Scott began 
sawing in and out of the blonde's ass.  As he fucked her, Scott caressed her 
asscheeks, which were reddened and covered with angry welts from the punishment the 
poor slut had suffered earlier.  


"Finger your cunt," Scott demanded.  Terri supported herself on one hand as she 
reached down and slipped a finger in her cum-filled pussy.  "Now tell me how much 
you love being fucked."


"Oh....Scott...I love being fucked...."  Terri choked.  


SMACK!  Scott's hand stung the blonde's ass.  


"YES!  I love being fucked by you!!!!!"

SMACK!!!!

"More...."

SMACK!!!!!!

"MORE, SCOTT OHGODFUCKME!!!!!!SPANK ME!!!!!!!FUCK ME!!!!!!"  Terri was now 
thrusting back against him with the full force of her petite frame.  Her body was 
convulsing, confused by the mixed sensations.  The sting of Scott's hand, spanking 
Terri's reddened, but still lovely, asscheeks.....the growing pleasure in her cunt, 
induced by her expert fingers.....the burning agony of Scott's cock thrusting in 
and out of her worn, abused asshole.


"YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEAH!!!!!!!!!!!" Terri screamed, quite literally having 
been fucked senseless.  Scott could stand no more.  Grabbing the slut's hips, he 
pulled her toward him, burying himself in her ass and releasing his cum into her 
anal canal, and collapsing on top of her.  Terri, too, collapsed....in tears.


----------------

Scott led the slut to the ladies room, reminding her that there were four more 
groups waiting to gang fuck her, and that she had better hurry up and get herself 
cleaned up.  Just glad to be away from Scott for a few minutes, Terri fled to the 
safe haven of the restroom, confident that it couldn't get worse....but she was 
wrong.  

"My....don't you look delicious!"  Danielle, sitting on the bathroom counter, naked 
and fingering her shaved cunt, remarked to the cum covered blonde slut




                                           Second Place Part 9

Terri drove slowly, scanning the addresses on the houses she was passing.  It was
beginning to get dark, and time was precious.

Enough was enough, the blonde had decided today.  Danielle had turned her into a
call girl, made her get breast implants, forced her into lesbianism, fucked her 
husband, stole and pawned her wedding band, had her gang raped by all the men 
at the office, and had overall completely humiliated Terri hundreds of times 
over.  

It needed to end now.  Terri knew she couldn't take much more of Danielle's 
torment.  She also had no idea how to put an end to the cycle of abuse.  Since
her tormentor had carefully documented all of Terri's illicit, immoral and
illegal activities, the woman found herself at a distinct disadvantage.  She
would need help.

Help, she hoped, would come in the form of Nicole Myers, a woman who had grown
up with Terri.  Like both Terri and Danielle, she had been extremely intelligent.
And she was one of the few people whom Terri had grown up with whom she hadn't 
alienated with her stuck-up, nose-in-the-air attitude.  (Nicole had actually
graduated high school in three years, and so was gone by Terri's senior year,
when her head had inflated to roughly the size of a watermelon.)  After that, 
Nicole had gone off to college.  To study law, if Terri remembered correctly.  
And she hoped she did.  

She had arrived.  Parking the car, Terri walked up to the door and knocked.

Nicole was a small, rather mousy looking woman.  At 5'2, the dishwater blonde 
was scarcely 100 pounds.  A rather beautiful pair of hazel eyes, hidden behind 
her glasses, were the highlight to an otherwise unimpressive body.  Nor had any 
men ever been impressed--Nicole had never even been on a date, and lived alone.
She worked as a paralegal and was working toward her law degree, a goal which
should be attainable within the year.

Now, sitting in Nicole's living room, Terri felt very conspicuous, her 36-triple
D breasts nearly falling out of the cocktail dress which Danielle had made her
wear today.  Nicole was only a 32-A and thus had no need for a bra.  (In her
crueler days, Terri would have probably teased Nicole about her "mosquito bites".)

Nicole, carefully eyeing Terri's sleazy manner of dress, spoke first.  "So, Terri,
what brings you out this way?"

Terri nervously adjusted the hemline of her dress.  Then she began.  "Nicole.....
do you remember a girl who went to school with us....named Danielle?"

And so Terri told her story.  

------------------

Nicole was horrified.  Being forced to give oneself to be passed around a group
of men, like a party favor, for them to put their things in any and every opening?
Very bad, but not nearly as unthinkable as being made to lick another woman DOWN 
THERE.....the very thought made Nicole want to throw up.  

But the analytical part of Nicole's mind kicked in.  Was it possible that Terri
wasn't telling the truth?  During high school, Nicole had observed the buxom
blonde doing some pretty cruel things to a lot of people.  The young paralegal
had to admit to herself that the possibility existed.  Hell, working in a law
office, she heard people lie through their teeth every single day.

So, when Terri finished, the first question Nicole asked was "Can you prove your
story?"  Having never had a real friend, people skills were not Nicole's strong
point.

Terri was outraged.  "What....do you think I'd make up something like that???
Do you think I just dress like this for the hell of it?  DO YOU WANT TO GET IN
MY CAR, AND WE CAN DRIVE TO CARRIE'S HOUSE, SO YOU CAN SEE MY HUSBAND'S CAR
PARKED OUTSIDE IT????"  

Undaunted, Nicole warned, "You can not sit in my house and scream at me like
this, or you will have to leave."

Lowering her voice, but just as angry, Terri continued.  "Or....here.  You know
I am blonde.  How do you explain this?"  Lifting her dress, Terri showed the other
woman her dyed jet-black pubic hair.  

Nicole looked away, embarrassed and disgusted.  "Terri, I am going to have to ask
you to excuse me.  I have some things to do for tomorrow.  I will think about what
you have said."

Terri lost it.  "You'll THINK ABOUT IT????  Great!!!!  While you're 'THINKING
ABOUT IT', I'll be out there getting my asshole gang fucked, while some other 
woman is off screwing my husband!!!  Thanks a LOT!!!!!  It's no WONDER no man
will go near you, with that attitude!!!!"  Terri immediately winced and wished
she could pull the words back.

Her hostess rose.  "Terri, I would like for you to leave.  I can see you haven't
changed a bit."  Nicole opened the front door for her guest.  Just then, Terri's
pager went off.  She froze.

"Nicole.....I'm sorry....I didn't mean....that remark was uncalled for.....
...I'm sorry...."  Nicole was still holding the door open.  "Please, Nicole,
please help me.  I realize I could have been a lot nicer when I used to know you,
and I shouldn't have yelled at you now.  For God's sake PLEASE.  That page I just
got?  It's from Danielle.  I have to call her back, so she can tell me who to go
fuck tonight" --Nicole looked embarrassed at Terri's use of the word 'fuck'-- 
"and if I don't call back...."  Terri trailed off.

Nicole paused.  "You have to call her back.....and she's going to make you go and 
make love to someone....for money?"  

Love had nothing to do with it....but Rome wasn't built in a day, Terri thought
with relief.  "Yes!" she said urgently.  "That's what I've been trying to tell
you!"  

Nicole shut the door, and looked at Terri would growing understanding.  And pity.

After calling Danielle and getting her instructions, Terri hung up the phone.  
Nicole, listening in her den with her hand over the mouthpiece of her phone, did
likewise.  Then the two began to formulate a plan.

Terri drove away from there feeling liberated, for the first time in a long time.
Nicole hadn't hugged her goodbye or tried to comfort her or told her "everything
is gonna be all right"--but she had promised to discuss this with one of the 
attorneys she worked for, first thing in the morning.  And Terri was not about to
fault the mousy young woman on her people skills.  After all, homecoming queen 
Terri could have easily invited Nicole along on a group outing, or arranged a date 
between Nicole and one of the many young men she had rejected in high school on
a daily basis.  But instead, she had only cared about Terri, Terri.....Terri.

What Nicole did tell Terri, was that what Danielle was doing was blackmail, and
was illegal.  The DA would likely recognize the extenuating circumstances in the
illegal acts Terri herself had committed.  Terri WOULD have to answer to Steven,
but she was confident that she could eventually win his forgiveness, and win him
back.  

Terri was so exhilirated that she zealously screwed the daylights out of the three
men who had paid Danielle for her services tonight.  She scarcely winced as each
one of them took turns in her ass.  After they had finished and gotten dressed and
ready to leave the hotel room, the blonde stopped them, begging to be allowed to
suck their cocks once more.  She did so, and after they left, she savored the 
aftertaste of their cum as if it were champagne on New Years Eve.  All in all,
she felt great not for being a slut, but for doing something of her own accord.

------------------

The next morning, Terri nervously entered Danielle's office.  Her soon to be 
ex-tormenter was already seated at her desk.  

"Good morning Terri."

"Good morning, Danielle."  Danielle noted that her secretary hadn't called her
"ma'am", but kept quiet.  

Settling into the chair across from Danielle, the blonde took a breath, then began
the speech she had rehearsed all night.  "Danielle, I realize that you may have 
been very angry at me for the things I did to you in the past.  But I don't think
that gives you the right to blackmail me."  Her boss' eyes immediately grew alert
at the mention of the word 'blackmail'.  Watch your step, Terri chided herself.
Then continued.  

"I don't think it gives you the right to force me to have sex with you.  I don't
think it gives you the right to make me have sex with other men for money."  
Danielle, surprisingly, seemed to be listening intently.  And was she sweating
and trembling a little bit?  "Now, I am truly sorry for the way I treated you in
the past.  But I can't go on like this.  I want my life back.  How about if we
call it even?"  The hook.

Danielle now spoke.  "No.  You are my property, Terri.  If you try to get away from
me, or disobey me in any way" --the blonde was inwardly patting herself on the back,
Danielle was falling for this trap so perfectly-- "all of the video tapes get sent
to your husband, and the confidential papers that you stole will go to the police.
Oh, and I'll have about ten keys of coke planted in your car, then phone in an
anonymous tip to the police."  She stopped.  "Anything else you want me to say?"

"What do you mean?" Terri stopped, a little confused.

Danielle merely held out her hand in a "give it to me" gesture.

"What...."  Terri asked.

"The tape recorder, Terri."  Danielle said tiredly, as if she were weary of these
types of games.  "Open your purse and give it to me."

Too late, Terri noticed the blue print dress lying rumpled on the floor near the 
window, next to a pair of plain white cotton panties.  

Terri stared at the dress.  A rather plain dress.  One might even say, a rather
mousy dress.  The kind one would expect would be worn by a rather plain, rather
mousy 26 year old woman.

Then Danielle rolled her chair back, revealing a naked Nicole kneeling in front
of her, dutifully licking her in the same way Terri licked her every morning.
Terri saw that the other woman's back and ass were covered with bruises and
welts.  Dried deposits of cum were also visible on her ass, thighs and her 
unshaven cunt hair.  

Danielle, her voice filled with triumph.  "Nicole, lover, say hello to Terri."

Turning, the mousy young paralegal whispered "H...h...hello.....Terri....."  She
was still wearing her glasses (but absolutely nothing else) and they were 
completely fogged up.  It was still apparent that Nicole's eyes were red from a
night of crying.  Terri felt the anger welling up inside her.  Rising, she took
her purse, and the tape recorder concealed within.  

Heading for the door, she hissed, "I'm going to the police, you sick BITCH."  Then
she turned for the door.....

....and walked right into Scott, accompanied by five of his coworkers.  Scott's "team"
which had gangbanged Terri at her tit-warming party.

"What should we do with her?" Scott asked.

"Take her in the supply room and rape her."  Danielle responded disinterestedly.

"Any chance we could get another crack at Miss Prep Queen there?" Scott inquired
hopefully, indicating Nicole.  

"Maybe later.  She's being taught how to use her tongue at the moment," Danielle
explained.  Then, to Nicole, "I didn't tell you to stop.  Keep eating me, you
little bitch."

As Terri was led away, she begged.  For herself.....for Nicole.  

Danielle wasn't listening at the moment




                                Second Place Part 10 - Nicole

After Terri left, Nicole slipped into her nightgown and got ready for bed.  On 
some nights, she liked to lie in bed and touch herself down there.  She could 
make herself feel very good by using her fingers in all the right places.  This 
wasn't one of those nights though.  Thinking over Terri's story, she found it 
repulsive.  The very idea....

A soft knock came at the door.  Since nobody ever visited Nicole (she had no
friends), it must be Terri.  Perhaps the gentlemen who she had been arranged to
make love to--to FUCK, she corrected, cringing at even the thought of the bad
word--perhaps they had not shown up, and Terri was now free.  Maybe, Nicole 
thought, she could find a way to be a little nicer, a little more comforting, to
Terri.  

Opening the door a crack, "Hi, Ter--" WHAM!  The door was shoved open all the way,
hitting the plain-featured woman in the face and knocking her down.  Her caller 
was not Terri....it was two men.

The men collected the dazed Nicole and took her out of the house and to a waiting
van.  Several times she demanded to know where she was being taken; they ignored
her.  

They drove downtown, and escorted Nicole out of the van and to the loading dock of
an office building.  Then into the deserted building and up the freight elevator.
On the slow elevator ride, one of the men began groping at her tiny breasts.

"Please don't touch me there," Nicole pleaded softly.

"Please don't touch me there!  Please don't touch me there!" the man mimicked.  

"She has no clue what's about to happen to her," the other man agreed.

Nicole's eyes widened with fright.  "Listen--"  A slap in the face quieted her.

The elevator stopped, and Nicole was escorted into an office.  When the light was
turned on, she saw that there were two other men waiting.  One of them rose.

"Take her in the supply room."  The men complied.  All four men now joined Nicole
in the small room.

One of the men addressed her.  "So, what did Terri tell you tonight?"

"Nothing," Nicole answered.

"You're lying," the man said.  And slapped her.

"What did Terri tell you?" the man repeated.

"Nothing."  SLAP!!!

"Scott, she's not going to talk."

"Seems that way," the original man who had spoken--Scott--agreed.  "Might as well 
put her mouth to some use, then....."

To Nicole, Scott inquired, "Do you know how to suck cock?"

"No, that's disgusting!" Nicole replied, as if chiding an 8 year old who had just
done something extremely stupid.

"Disgusting or not, you're going to suck ours."  As if on cue, the men all dropped
their pants.  Nicole looked away.  

"Get on your knees, bitch.  Start with mine."

"No."  

With that, Scott tore Nicole's nightgown off of her.  She now stood, naked and
trembling, but still defiant.  Scott forced her down to her knees and grabbed
the back of her head, grinding his hard prick against her lips, but she refused
to open her mouth and take him in.

Bending Nicole over on a table, Scott removed his belt.  As the other men held 
her tightly, Scott whipped Nicole's ass and back.  When her entire backside was
reddened, he ordered them to turn her over.  Again he asked her to suck him.  Her
eyes fixed on the belt with raw terror, but she still shook her head no.  Scott
then whipped her front.  Her small tits....her belly....her thighs.   Then he
asked again, and she still said no.

"Fine by me," Scott shrugged, grabbing the dishwater blonde and lying her on the
floor.  "I'm just going to fuck your cunt then."  Nicole struggled but she was no
match for Scott.  He had her pinned beneath him, and the tip of his cock was at
the entrance to her opening.  He pushed.

"My God, she's tight!" Scott remarked to his friends.  "She's a virgin!!!  WAS a
virgin" he amended.  

Nicole, always soft-spoken, struggled not to cry.  "Please....Scott.  I'll....
I'll suck your thing....."

All the men laughed at that.  "My 'thing'?  Honey, since you're going to be a 
slut like Terri, you might as well learn the language.  This" with one swift motion
he buried himself deeply inside her, breaking her cherry "is a 'cock'."  And Scott
then set forth to fucking the unfortunate paralegal with a frenzy.  Nicole only 
whimpered softly.  

After Scott, all three of the other men also put their things--their COCKS--inside
her.  Then, Scott presented his again stiffening cock to her lips.  This time, she
reluctantly opened her mouth and let him in.  

He directed her.  "That's it....use your tongue....take it in a little deeper....
GET YOUR TEETH OFF OF IT.  Deeper.  Now back out.  Now lick the tip.  Now back in
your mouth.  I SAID...." Pulling out of her mouth, Scott drew back and slapped
Nicole in the face.  "...KEEP YOUR TEETH OFF OF IT, BITCH."  Then back in her
mouth.  "Suck it.  Yeah, you're getting the hang of it."

Nicole was only able to get through this ordeal, by reminding herself that Terri
must go through this, each and every day.  All the while she continued working
Scott's cock in and out of her mouth.

"That's it.  You're a natural cock sucker, girl.  Yeah....suck it....ohhhhhhh....
and now....here's what happens....to little girls who know.....how to suck cock
well....you get a creamy surprise in your mouth...."

Nicole's eyes widened, and she tried to pull her mouth away.  But Scott just grabbed
the back of her head and pulled her back in, his hips pumping him in and out of her 
mouth.  Then he cried out, and the conservative young girl, who had never even
kissed a boy, felt her mouth being filled with Scott's creamy, salty semen.
Gagging, she wanted to spit it out, but he kept his cock in her mouth.  She had
no choice but to swallow, if she wanted to breathe.  

Finally Scott was done and pulled out of her mouth.  Nicole immediately began 
spitting, trying desperately to get the taste out of her mouth.  Until Scott
stopped her.  "Don't bother....you still have three more loads of cum to swallow,"
he told her, indicating the three other men, their hard cocks waiting patiently
for her newly acquired oral skills.

For the rest of the night, the men broke Nicole in, fucking her in every position 
imaginable.  They had been ordered by Danielle to stay out of her virgin ass,
because Danielle had "something special" in store for it.  Nicole was also taught
how to beg to be fucked, and after a few whippings with Scott's belt, was actually
able to say phrases like "Please sir, fuck my wet cunt" and "Please let me suck
your cock like the whore that I am" without pause.

This torment, of course, paled in comparison to the ordeal Nicole would be 
experiencing in the morning, when she would be introduced to Danielle and
Danielle's shaven, attention-starved pussy.  And later in the day, by the time a
thoroughly abused, thoroughly cum-drenched Terri would be thrown into the supply
room, Nicole would be numb with the shock and the humiliation.




                                      Second Place Part 11

Terri waited in the hotel room, sitting in a chair.  She had been ordered 
to put on a tight black miniskirt with matching panties and hose, and had then 
been brought here by Scott and three of his friends.  

The hotel room was moderate sized, with just a single king sized bed.  So far,
the men had not sought to break in the bed at the blonde slut's expense.  Nor
was Terri in any sort of hurry to get any of her holes fucked again, after her
latest rape she could barely walk.  Occasionally one of the men fondled or groped 
her, but other than that they did nothing but wait.

Terri wondered what was happening to Nicole.  Guilt gnawed at her; Nicole's entire
predicament was all her fault, she thought.  How could she have been so careless,
and let Danielle's thugs follow her to Nicole's home?

The door opened, and in came Nicole, escorted by Danielle, Carrie, and Scott's 
wife, Angela.  Angela was carrying an object which Terri was well acquainted with,
from her visit to Scott and Angela's home....a whip known as the "cat of nine tails."

Nicole was dressed in a red plaid knee-length skirt and a white blouse.  In this 
outfit, she looked like a young girl from some preppy school.  Of course, her 
glasses and white hosiery completed the illusion.  Nicole was shoved
toward the chair next to Terri's.

As Nicole took a seat, Terri softly brushed her arm.  "You OK sweetie?" she 
whispered.  

The other woman nodded---although she looked anything but.  Although she had
obviously showered and combed her hair, several bruises and welts were still
plainly visible on her face and arms.

Danielle silenced her rival.  "Oh, how touching," she haughtily teased.  "So much
concern for your partner in crime.  Don't worry....in a little while, you'll be
worried only about your own pathetic ass."  She stopped to open the hotel room door
for three more of her associates.....who were carrying video recording equipment,
Terri noted with a sinking feeling (but with no real surprise--the blonde bimbo
was accustomed to having her humiliation carefully documented).

A few more men....some from work, but others whom Terri didn't recognize....showed
up.  As the video equipment was set up around the bed, Danielle addressed everyone
present.  "OK....time to place your bets.  Is it going to be Miss Flat-chest, or 
Miss Triple D?"

Both Terri and Nicole looked confused.  "Don't worry, girls," their brunette
tormentor continued.  "The rules of the contest will be explained to you in a
few minutes."

The mousy Nicole spoke with quiet certainty.  "I will not participate in any kind
of contest for your pleasure."  Several of the spectators snickered at this.

"No?" Danielle countered.  "Angela honey, would you come up here, please?  Please
explain to Miss Preppy Bitch here what it is you have in your hand."

"Gladly," Angela sneered.  "The cat o' nine tails.  So named because it's actually
nine tiny whips.  If used right, it can be extremely painful, yet leave very few
marks."

"Thanks," Danielle said.  "Now, would you please demonstrate on Miss Preppy's
pathetic little tits?"

"Sure....if you insist on glorifying them by calling them tits...."

Nicole, struck with fear, spoke.  "No...please I'm sorry!"  As she continued to 
beg, Scott grabbed the girl's arms and pinned them behind her back, presenting
her breasts to Angela, who took aim.

CRACK!!!!  "OOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!"

CRACK!!!!! "PLEASE!!!!!!  I'M....."

CRACK!!!!  "AAAAAAAAGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHH!!!!!"

Danielle raised her hand.  "There.  That should be enough to keep the bitch from
talking back like that."  The cameras were now set up and ready to record whatever
unthinkable humiliation the evil woman had concocted for the evening.  "Now, here
are the rules for the contest."  Her eyes met Nicole's, as if to say, I dare you
to say something, bitch.

But Nicole stayed quiet.  Danielle went on.

"Let me first tell you what happens to the loser.  I have made arrangements with
a man in the Middle East, who is a collector of women from all over the world.  A
slaver.  The loser will be sold to him, and you will spend the rest of your life
serving in some remote part of the world, with no hope of release or escape."  To
stir the pot, she added, "I've heard that he brands his women.  I'm also told that
he and his friends love anal sex....as do the various animals he raises on his
farm."  

Terri's face was a mask of horror.  Nicole, tears streaming down her face, was
silent nonetheless.

"Now...the rules.  The playing field is this beautiful king sized bed.  Anyone who
leaves the playing field, is subject to a whipping, courtesy of Angela's little
toy."  Angela held up the cat of nine tails as Danielle continued.  "The first 
penalty will result in one lash with the whip.  The second penalty...two....the
third...three....well, I'm sure you get the idea.  Except for you, Terri....since
you're too much of a stupid bimbo....but you'll figure it out.  Now, here's a 
little twist....if you get a penalty, your opponent gets to decide where you'll
get whipped."

"The objective of the game is simple."  Danielle produced a rather large, 8 inch
cream colored dildo, lying it in the very center of the bed.  "The first person
who gets this toy all the way into her opponent's ass is the winner."

Both women were horrified.  "Please don't make us do this," Terri pleaded.  "Please, 
I can't....anything else but this...." Nicole implored.

"Fine.  Then you'll just both get whipped until you take your positions on the
bed.  And then, you'll both get whipped until one of you starts the game."

Resignedly, the girls allowed themselves to be led to opposite corners of the
king sized bed, where they knelt facing each other.  Their eyes met, and an
understanding passed between them.  This was survival.  No holds barred.

"Terri is bigger and probably stronger.....but Nicole has a much tighter ass since
Terri likes to have hers stuffed with cock all the time.  Those of you who were
at her tit-warming party will certainly relate," Danielle commented.  "All
in all, a pretty even contest!  Now, let's get started...."  A nod to Carrie, who
was now wielding the whip.  She landed a blow with it on Nicole's behind, and 
Nicole slowly moved toward the middle of the bed on her knees.  As Carrie crossed 
over to where Terri was kneeling, Terri said "OK....OK!!!!" and reluctantly crept 
toward Nicole.

The two women circled the dildo, each waiting to pounce on the other if she 
picked it up.  

Nicole made her move first.  But instead of reaching out for the toy, she swatted
it past Terri and toward the head of the bed.  The blonde went after it, turning 
her back to the smaller woman.  Who then came at her and shoved her with all the
strength she could muster, sending her careening off of the bed.  Terri yelped
in surprise, grabbing onto a handful of the little bitch's shirt and pulling, 
trying to take Nicole with her.  But the petite woman was ready for it, and hooked
her feet firmly on the opposite edge of the bed.  Terri succeeded only in tearing
a few buttons of Nicole's shirt, which was left partially open, leaving one small,
milky white breast visible.

"Well!  Looks like we have our first penalty! Good move!" Danielle complimented. 
"Where shall we do the honors with the whip?"

"H....her.....b...b..b...behind.....?" Nicole indicated what she meant by pointing
to Terri's backside.  Carrie, accordingly, lifted the hem of the blonde's dress,
exposing her delectable heart-shaped ass.  Raising the whip with a little smile,
she brought it whistling down on its target.  Terri gasped but did not scream or
cry.  It hurt, but it was over now.  And she still had the dildo in hand!  So she
was in pretty good shape.

Danielle called "time out" and took the whip from Carrie.  

"Our new slut seems to have a problem with her vocabulary.  'Her BEHIND'?" Danielle
mimicked.  "We have no idea what that is.  Now, if you were to say, 'the slut's 
ASS'....then we would know what you meant!"

Continuing:  "There will be a new rule, applicable only to Miss Flat-chest.  
Whenever you fail to use language which is befitting of a little whore like you,
you'll be whipped.  Now, I'm going to give you a lesson."

Danielle forced the woman to stand.  "This," she explained, raising the
whip and bringing it crashing down on Nicole's backside, "is your ass."  The
brunette raised the whip again.  "This is your CUNT."  Bringing the whip down with
a  CRACK!!! to emphasize the last word.  "Other answers I will accept are PUSSY 
(CRACK!!!!) or FUCK-HOLE (CRACK!!!)  And these are TITS!!! (CRACK!!!!)"

"Now you try it."  Danielle proceeded to whip Nicole on her breasts, pussy and
ass, imploring her to recite the new descriptions she had learned for each.  
Tearfully and ashamed beyond belief, the prim young girl dutifully practiced her
new vocabulary.  Finally her tormentor was satisfied, and Nicole was allowed to 
return to her corner on the bed.

During all this, Terri had tucked the dildo down her dress, safely between her
tits, realizing that she'd need both hands to get Nicole pinned and then to force
the toy into her virgin ass.

Nicole saw the toy nestled in Terri's ample cleavage.  She grabbed for it, getting 
a handful of the blonde's dress instead.  She pulled, resulting in a loud RIP!!!!
as the front of the dress tore.  Cheers rose as Terri's tits popped free....as did
the dildo.  Both women wrestled for it, but it fell off the bed.  Before either girl 
could reach down and get it, one of the men enjoying the spectacle kicked it away 
from the bed.  One of the girls would now have to get off the bed to get it.

For now, Terri surveyed her ruined dress.  

"You BITCH!!!!" she spat as she came after the tiny woman.  Grabbing Nicole's hair,
the blonde pulled her head down, and sat on the back of her head.  Then she took
the back of Nicole's shirt in both hands, and pulled until all the buttons gave way,
then pulled the shirt off her arms.  Nicole was topless now.  Pressing on, Terri
began working on getting her out of her skirt as well.  

But Nicole was squirming her way free and finally repelled Terri.  Pulling her
skirt back up, the young sheltered woman suddenly realized that she was topless
and that her bare breasts were exposed to everyone in the room.  Embarrassed by
this, she put one arm over her chest and looked around for what was left of her
shirt.

And that was when Terri rammed her full-force, sending her flying off the bed and
onto the floor with a resounding THUMP!  It would now be Nicole's turn to take a
whipping.

Carrie, wielding the cat of nine tails, was awaiting instruction.  "On her tits"
Terri requested.

Nicole had thought that the cat of nine tails was painful through her clothes.  On
her naked breasts, it was excruciating.  She bit her lip to keep from crying out,
unwilling to give these people any satisfaction.  Many pairs of pants had been 
unzipped by now, and hard cocks were sticking out and being stroked.  And more 
than one wet pussy was being rubbed.  

For the second lash, Terri requested Nicole's back.  As the dishwater blonde took
her whipping, Terri reminded her to not forget the dildo.

Recovering the dildo, Nicole got back on the bed.  Immediately Terri tried to use
her strength to push Nicole back onto the floor, for another penalty whipping.  But
the smaller woman was actually quite strong for her size, and the only thing Terri
accomplished was to allow Nicole to tear the rest of the black dress off of her.
The men hooted and whistled as the blonde bombshell's impressive body was 
uncovered.

Terri was now clad only in a pair of black panties and matching hose.  As the women
warily crouched in their corners of the bed, the blonde's giant tits jiggled and
swayed, much to the delight of the onlookers.  

"Intermission!"  Danielle cried.  "I'm sure the spectators would like to take a
little break.  In the meantime, our two sluts will 69 for your viewing pleasure."

The whip-happy Carrie moved in to enforce this.  Terri quickly straddled Nicole's
face, lowering her own face to the woman's cunt and arching her back slightly to
make up for the difference in their height.  Pulling Nicole's skirt up and moving
her panties to the side, the hapless secretary dove right in, tongue first.  Her
opponent gasped.  

Nicole had had her cunt raped by about a dozen different men in the past day.  And
she had pleasued Danielle with her own tongue.  But this was the first time she
had had a tongue used on her DOWN THERE....and she thought to herself that it wasn't
bad at all.  Except....

Terri was biting Nicole's clit.  Hard.  "Lick me," she hissed urgently.  

Nicole just found it too disgusting.  "I.....can't....."

"Listen bitch....I'm not about to get whipped because of you.  LICK ME."  Terri
demanded.

Reluctantly, Nicole began licking Terri.....through the lace fabric of her panties.

"Oh, for God's sake."  Terri grabbed her black lace panty and pulled it to the
side, and began fucking her prudish friend's face.  Finally, hesitantly, Nicole
began eating Terri's pussy.

Nicole's gasping and moaning grew louder and louder.  Terri had spent long hours
between Danielle's (and, more recently, Carrie's) legs, and had mastered the fine
art of cunnilingus in the process.  Nicole wasn't as skilled, but it would do.

After several minutes, Danielle separated the two girls.  This was met by groans,
which the brunette silenced.  "These two whores need their supply of protein so 
they can continue the contest for you.  Anyone who's interested in helping can 
form two lines, and I'm sure these two will be glad to service you with their 
slutty mouths."

Eight men lined up....four in front of each kneeling woman.  Terri, a real pro,
slobbered and devoured the cocks ravenously until each of them, in turn, exploded
in her mouth.  With Nicole, the amateur cocksucker, each man basically grabbed her
head and simply fucked her mouth, filling her mouth with cum, much to her distaste.
As one man pulled out of the mousy little thing's mouth, jacking off all over her
face, Terri noted the woman's look of utter revulsion and her eagerness to wipe
the seed away.  And it gave her an idea.  Turning back to the next man in her
line, she resumed her cocksucking service.

When the contest resumed, Nicole made as if she was going to cautiously circle
around the dildo again.  Terri crawled right toward her opponent, then opened her
mouth and spit the entire mouthful of cum she had been holding there, into Nicole's
face and all over her glasses.  Nicole's hands flew to her face, knocking her 
glasses off and trying desperately to get the filthy slime off of her.  In the
confusion, Terri managed to deprive the other woman of her skirt, as well as 
dumping her on the floor.  

Nicole took two lashes of the whip on her tits, and one on her thigh.  Retrieving
her cum-splattered glasses, she did her best to clean them before being led back
onto the bed.  

Terri came right at her, tits bouncing and swaying.  Driving the poor girl to the edge
of the bed, then pushing her off, making a grab for Nicole's plain, white cotton
panties and getting a handful.  Unfortunately the buxom blonde lost her balance and
came crashing down onto the floor right beside Nicole.....but she got the woman's
panties off in the process.  

Each girl had four lashes coming.  Nicole got two on her bare ass, and two on her
bare pussy.  ("P...please!  Not....down there....." she had begged, earning herself
four more on her cunt.)

Terri got one on each breast and one on each sole of her bare feet.
She howled in agony as this was meted out by a drooling Angela.

As the girls got back onto the bed, Terri reflected that she was in pretty good
shape.  Nicole was now completely naked, save her hosiery.  Aside from the fact
that the girl's nakedness was completely humiliating her, Nicole's asshole would
now be easily accessible.  But Terri knew that she wouldn't be able to get the
fake cock into the smaller woman's virgin asshole without lubrication.  She 
reached for the toy, and Nicole made no move to stop her.  Popping the dildo in
her mouth, she began slobbering all over it.  

With lightning speed, Nicole moved.  Getting behind Terri, she grabbed hold of the
base of the dildo with both hands and pulled, forcing it deeper into the blonde
secretary's mouth.  Terri struggled, but the plastic cock inexorably moved further
and further into her mouth.  She was now gagging on it and gasping for air.  
Realizing that her only hope was to pull them both onto the floor, thus stopping
the contest for a mutual whipping, she leaned forward. 

But Nicole was prepared.  She leaned back, pulling Terri down on top of her while
continuing to grip the dildo with all her strength.  The blonde's face, normally
a healthy tan, was now turning blue.  Desperately Terri clawed at the preppy
girl's hands, trying to dislodge them from the dildo.  But it was no use.

Steven....she thought, and blacked out.

---------------

When consciousness floated back, Terri was aware of all the men and women 
surrounding the bed and cheering.  She was also aware of a pressure in her ass.
Nicole, sitting on top of Terri, was sliding the dildo into the blonde's ass.  Five
inches had disappeared into her anal canal.  Now six.  Terri clenched her sphincter
muscles, slowing the progress of the anal invader.  Nicole redoubled her efforts.

Carrie leaned over and spoke in Danielle's ear.  "Looks like you're gonna lose and
get sold as a harem slave....I plan to marry Steven.  Maybe Nicole will be one of
the bridesmaids...."

"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!"  Terri clenched down on the dildo in her ass,
forcing it back out.  Nicole was losing her grip, and Terri was regaining her
strength.  Finally the dildo came out of the blonde slut's ass with an obscene
popping noise.  It was music to Terri's ears.  

Now shoving Nicole off of her, Terri went on the offensive.  After a struggle, she
pinned the petite woman and retrieved the now slimy dildo.  Lining it up with the
tiny pucker of Nicole's virgin asshole, she pushed.  But the other girl squirmed, 
and the toy ended up in her cunt instead.  Terri began to pull it out, but then had
another idea.  She slid the toy back up Nicole's snatch, fucking the prude for 
all she was worth.  Terri got lucky and hit Nicole in just the right spot, making
her cum instantly.  Continuing the dildo fuck, the cheap blonde lowered her 
tongue onto Nicole's clit and began teasing.  Nicole gave up any semblance of
struggle or resistance and her hands grabbed Terri's blonde head, guiding the
woman exactly where she needed to be licked.  Nicole's screams of ecstacy cut the
room, as she came over and over, juices flowing from her cunt.  

Her tongue not missing a beat on Nicole's clit, Terri pulled the dildo out and 
plunged it into the girl's tight, innocent asshole.  Her screams deteriorated into
incoherent shrieks, but her hands never left the back of Terri's head.  And Terri 
didn't stop licking the juices from the girl's snatch....even after the dildo was
buried to the hilt in Nicole's ass, and the mousy young paralegal and future harem
slave was "down for the count".  

-------------------------------------

Danielle discarded the hypodermic needle after injecting Nicole.  "By the time she
wakes up, she'll be in the cargo hold of a freighter in international waters."

As Terri watched with part horror, part morbid fascination, Danielle's cohorts 
stuffed the unconscious Nicole into a cube-shaped crate which was barely two feet
on a side.  

"Just think, Terri....she was a virgin.  And the only intimacy she'll ever know
in her entire life, is that which comes from being brutally gang-raped.  And," she
finished with a sad smile, "it's all because of you!"  Terri's eyes filled with 
guilt and tears.  "Do think about that, next time you decide to enlist someone's 
help in stopping me. Remember this, Terri....I own you.  And I will own you for 
the rest of your life...or until I tire of you and send you off to the Middle East
to join your friend there."  With that, Danielle walked away.

Terri was so numb with shame and guilt that she didn't even notice when the men
finished packing the crate, and pulled her onto the bed for a celebratory gang-fuck.




                         Second Place Part 12 - TERRI'S TOTAL FITNESS

Terri was required by Danielle to work out three times a week.  At the gym,
the attractive blonde was a magnet for men (and a few of the women as well). 
This was no surprise, considering the risque apparel Danielle had given her
for her workouts.  This consisted of a white tank top which was cut off a few
inches above Terri's navel (when the blonde worked up a sweat, her brown nipples
were also plainly visible through the white fabric), and a pair of black shorts 
which were....well....short.  

Whenever the busty blonde attended high energy aerobics, numerous men always
gathered to view the impressive spectacle of her triple-D breasts bouncing 
and jiggling up and down in a frenzy.  Terri did her best to ignore her
audience, but she could always feel their eyes burning into her chest.  And
the worst part was, she knew it was inevitable that she would be approached and
propositioned after the workout session ended.  And according to the rules 
Danielle had made up for her, she was not allowed to say "no" to any man or
woman when it came to sex.  Last time she had done so, and word had gotten back
to Danielle, the hapless blonde had been made to walk around for a whole day with
a dildo in her ass.  Danielle was now also keeping constant tabs on exactly where
Terri was, and accounting for her every move, in light of the situation with 
Nicole.  The blonde was required to "check in" with her boss on a constant basis.

Because of the constant time constraints, when propositioned at the gym, Terri
would often come right out and offer to walk the suitor out to his car and treat
him to a blowjob.  Then she would swallow, lick the man clean and head right back
into the gym for more humiliation.  

Terri was doing her workout when Scott showed up at the gym.  Walking up to the 
treadmill Terri was using, he pressed the "stop" button, then stepped up next to 
the stacked blonde.  "Slut," he whispered in her ear, "go to the steam room and 
wait for me there.  And....I do love your attire, but...it's probably not needed 
in the steam room."  Before she could object, Scott briefly sucked on her earlobe 
and then was gone.

Five minutes later, Terri, clad only in a white towel (the biggest she could find,
not that she expected it to make a difference), sat and waited in the dimly lit,
steamy coed steam room.  Thankfully, the gym was nearly deserted today and the
blonde bombshell was alone.  

Not for long, however, as she was soon joined by Scott, also nude except for a
standard issue gym towel.  His, however, had a slight bulge in the front, which
quickly grew as he sat down next to the well-endowed blonde.  

"Stand up, Terri," she was ordered.  Holding her towel, she complied, standing
before Scott.  "Now take off the towel."

"Scott--" she implored.

"Do I need to call Danielle?" he asked softly.  That got Terri moving, slowly 
opening the towel to expose her enormous silicone-enhanced tits and her neatly 
trimmed snatch.   Scott's eyes drank in the delicious sight for a while.  

"OK now spread the towel out on the floor."  Terri did this.  "Now lie on it....on
your back.  Spread your legs and show me your beautiful cunt."  

"Scott--please!  Someone might--"  Terri nervously looked toward the door.

"Terri, don't make me have to tell you twice.  I'm in a good mood today but 
don't push it," Scott whispered pleasantly.  So Terri reluctantly lie down and 
spread her legs.  "Now take your hand and play with that beautiful cunt for me, 
dear."  The blonde obediently began rubbing her clit.

"You really do have a lovely cunt, Terri.  I sincerely wish that Danielle would
allow you to shave it."  An inspiration.  "In fact Terri, I want you to shave your
cunt for me tonight.  Completely bald.  But don't tell Danielle I told you to."

"But....she'll...."

"Punish you?  No doubt you're right.  But I do so enjoy watching her punish you.
That dear lady is very creative, I'll give her that."  Scott had pulled his cock
out from under the towel, and was slowly stroking it.  Terri now was steadily
massaging her clit between two fingers.  "To be honest, I hope when she finds out,
she'll ask Angela and I for help in coming up with a punishment for you.  Finger
fuck yourself now," Scott added.

Terri's middle finger sank into her wet cunt.  Slowly, she worked it in and out,
gradually picking up speed.  Her breathing increasing slightly along with her 
tempo.  Scott's hand also quickened its pace a bit on his prick.  

After watching her jack herself off for a while, Scott asked, "What do you want
to happen now, Terri?"

"I don't know....what--"

"I'm asking you.  It's up to you.  If you want, I can decide for you."  This 
struck Terri as odd.  Typically, Scott enjoyed dominating her and humiliating
and inflicting pain on her...usually by way of Terri's ass which Scott had a real
fetish for.  So maybe there WAS a chance to keep Scott's monster cock out of her 
ass--this time.  

"I....I want you in my....mouth....."  Terri explained as she fingered herself.

This was fine with Scott, and he said so.  On her hands and knees, the naked
blonde went over to the bench Scott was sitting on.  Pulling his towel away, and
now both of them were completely naked.  She marveled at his prick which was
actually very sexy, and just the size she liked them to be.  Too bad we couldn't 
have met under different circumstances, Scott....circumstances such as you not
being a complete, utter creep....suppressing the thought, Terri took Scott's cock
in hand and took over stroking it, and gliding her tongue over the tip.  

Insistently, Scott grabbed the back of the blonde fellatrice's head, making it
clear what he wanted.  Parting her lips, Terri took him in.  Scott was larger 
than average, but she had no problem getting him all the way in her mouth, up to
his hairy balls.  Her entire mouth, all the way into her throat, was stuffed
with his manhood.  Terri was able to keep from gagging only through the skill
she had learned from sucking hundreds of different cocks over the past few months,
of all shapes and sizes.  

Gently, she took Scott's hand away from her head (he actually allowed this), then
lifted her head so that only about half of his cock filled her mouth.  Then back 
down taking him all the way in again.  Then all the way out, till just the purple 
tip of his dick was in her slutty mouth.  Steadily bobbing up and down on his 
delicious meat, picking up speed.  Terri was deep throating so well that her lips 
were actually leaving traces of her ruby red gym-slut lipstick on his balls.  

Scott sat back and enjoyed the ride, watching the slut at work.  Terri was an
amazing cocksucker.  His wife Angela couldn't even come close when it came to
cocksucking.  But, then again, Angela wasn't sucking off dozens of men a week 
like Terri was, either.  

Scott grabbed a handful of Terri's golden blonde hair, and pulled her head
away.  Scott's cock, covered with the slut's drool, popped out of her mouth.
Without being told, Terri faced away from Scott, and lowered her juicy box onto
his erect prick.  Gasping as he penetrated her, finishing the job her fingers
had started.

"Play with my tits," she whispered.

"Slut, don't forget who you're talking to.  Beg me for it."

"Oh Scott....please play with this slut's tits.....she needs it bad...."  All 
the while bouncing on his lap.  Scott reached around and began playing with
Terri's enormous mammaries.

Terri knew that Scott was going to do what he wished with her, so she knew that 
she might as well enjoy the ride.  In this instance it wasn't very hard.  Scott
actually fucked her very well, when he wasn't busy mauling her tits, forcing 
his cock up her tight asshole or otherwise inflicting excruciating pain on her.

Terri adjusted herself slightly, altering the angle at which Scott's prick was
entering her cunt.  Right--THERE--just the right spot!  Terri threw her head
back and increased her tempo.  Wanting to get more momentum, she went too far on
her up stroke, and Scott's cock popped out of her snatch.  Terri gasped, then
guided him back in and resumed.  She easily found the right spot again, and 
urgently humped her lover.  Making up for lost time.  Both of them were moaning
rather loudly.  Neither cared if anyone might come in, or hear them from the 
hallway which connected the two locker rooms.

"OH TERRI....I'M GONNA CUM....YOU'RE SO FUCKING GOOD....SLUT....." Scott cried 
out.

"I love....being your slut....as long....as it feels....SO GOOD....." Terri 
gasped in return.  "OOOOOOOOOHHHHHHH YES!!!!  I'M CUMMING!!!!!!" Her cunt
erupted, spewing juice all over his cock.  In turn, this made Scott take his
hands off her tits, grab her waist, and urgently guide her up and down in
frenzied, primal fucking.  His cock then exploded, sending his jism deep inside
Terri.   This made her cum yet again.  "AAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHH YYYYYES!"
For the moment, Terri was no longer a pleasure toy, for the use and abuse of her
boss and her associates.  No doubt, when Scott saw her at the office later, he
would treat her like the worthless piece of meat that Danielle had decreed she
was.  But at this moment, she was simply a bitch in heat, seeking to have her
dripping wet cunt thoroughly screwed, and she was getting it.

When Scott had finished cumming, he lifted the blonde off of him.  "Do you know
what I want now, slut?"

With animal lust in her eyes, Terri responded.  "You want this slut to clean her
juices off your cock...."  Without waiting for a confirmation, the blonde did 
just that, licking Scott thoroughly from cockhead to balls, then taking him
back into her warm wet mouth.

The door to the steam room opened.  Without taking Scott out of her mouth, Terri's
eyes darted to the door.  It was Scott's wife, Angela.

"There you--" Spying the blonde bimbo, Angela demanded, "What the hell is going
on here?"  

"She begged me to come in here with her," Scott replied, his voice full of 
innocence.  "Then, she tore my towel off and started fucking me like a bunny."

Angela's eyes narrowed at the other woman.  "You...little....fucking....BITCH!!!"

Terri suddenly realized that her mouth was still stuffed full of Scott's cock.
Which was stirring again.  She lifted her head.

Though this was obviously staged by Scott and Angela, Terri tried to appeal to
the other woman.  "Angela--"

"Shut up, bitch.  Get your towel on and come with me."  Gathering her towel, the
slut hurried to catch Angela who was already leaving the room.  Angela led her to
the next room over, which contained the health club's hot tub, which at the moment
was deserted.  

"Take off your towel and get in," Scott's wife demanded.  Terri tentatively put
a foot in the hot water.  The other woman shoved her the rest of the way in. "Now
wait here" she was told. 

As Angela left the hot tub room, Terri sank as low as she could in the hot water,
to conceal her stark nakedness.  As usual, it wouldn't matter in the end.

Soon Angela appeared in the doorway, accompanied by two young men wearing only
swimming trunks.  The three conversed, eyeing Terri.  Then the two men got into 
the hot tub, sandwiching the lovely blonde.  Grinning, the men got out of their
trunks and tossed them out of the hot tub.  One of the men began exploring
Terri's pussy and tits with his hands.  The other grabbed the blonde's hand and
placed it around his rapidly growing cock.  Angela was watching, so Terri had no
choice but to give the men whatever they wanted.  So she jacked the young man's 
cock, while his friend roughly probed at her cunt.  

She got the first man off rather quickly with her hand.  He gasped and emptied his
load into the scalding hot water, then retrieved his shorts and left the hot tub.
His friend, who had probably been inhibited about performing in front of another
man, immediately became more vocal and dominating.  "I want my dick sucked" he
ordered the blonde.  

Terri started to guide the young man.  "OK sweetie....why don't you sit on the 
edge--" 

But he stopped her.  "I'm staying right here.  You're the slut here.....you bring
your mouth to me."  Terri started with surprise.  His cock was under two feet of
hot water!  How would she ever--

Her thoughts were interrupted when the young man grabbed her head and forced her
underwater, down to his crotch.  Panicking, she fought him.  But he was very
strong and easily held her head under the water.  Finally, she realized that 
resistance was going to get her nowhere....except possibly drowned.  Finding his
hard cock, she took it into her mouth and bobbed up and down for a few strokes.
Then he finally released her head and she came to the surface, desperately 
gasping for air.  Then it was back down again for more underwater fellatio.  He
made her stay down there for longer this time.  Then back up for a little air....
then back down again for more cock.  Terri found that it was easier if she held
her nose while she sucked the young man off.  

"Almost ready to cum, slut," the young man informed her on one of her trips to the
surface.  She took all the air her lungs could hold, and went down on him
ravenously.  After a minute or so she was rewarded with a mouthful of jism.  

She came to the surface, gratefully sucking in air.  When she opened her eyes and
wiped the water out of them, she saw that the young man was putting on his trunks,
and that a rather large, very well built black man, of about her age, was waiting 
to take his place.  Before he got in the hot tub, he removed his shorts.  Terri 
gasped at the size of his equipment.  He had to be at least 12 inches, maybe more!

Thankfully for the sex-toy blonde, the man wasn't looking for an underwater 
blowjob.  Terri didn't know if even a seasoned blowjob expert such as herself
could take such a large cock in her mouth.  

She took it in her cunt instead, sitting on the black man's lap and facing him.
It hurt at first, as this was the biggest cock she had ever had.  But the slut
took it in stride and was soon easily (though not painlessly) fucking the man.  As
the blonde goddess rode the enormous black cock, her 36-triple-D tits bounced but 
never quite cleared the water, instead appearing to float like twin buoys.  The 
man she was fucking watched this spectacle with fascination.  Hey, who wouldn't?

The two of them fucked like this for nearly 45 minutes, and the man still showed
no signs of letting up.  Angela was watching from the doorway the whole time.  
Each intrusion of the giant cock brought new pain, but any time Terri slowed down, 
her partner would grab one of her nipples and cruelly twist it.  Things could have
been worse though....the blonde slave had somehow managed to cum twice during
the vaginal invasion of this unthinkably huge cock.

The black man directed Terri to get up, explaining that he would now like to 
sample her tight asshole.  

Terri's face paled and her eyes grew wide.  "NO....you're too big....you wouldn't
fit....please...." she pleaded.

The man looked over to Angela accusingly.  "You told me this girl would give me
some ass!  What's up with that?"  

Angela began coming over.  "Is there a problem here, Terri?  Shall I call Danielle
and see if she might be able to help?"  A vision arose unbidden in Terri's mind,
of Danielle greasing up her entire arm with KY jelly, and fist-fucking her slave's
ass.  Danielle had threatened this only once, and Terri never forgot it.

Aloud, she begged, "No...just...Angela PLEASE, for God's sake, he'll rip me apart!  
PLEASE."

But her pleas fell on deaf ears.  The large black man had the petite blonde kneel
on one of the steps which led out of the hot tub.  

Unable to reason with Angela, Terri tried instead to plead with her partner.  
"Please.....I can take you in my mouth and give you a real nice blowjob.  Don't 
you want to see my lips wrapped around that nice big cock?  Please....PLEASE...."  
The black man ignored her pleas as well.  He stood on a lower step, and spit on 
his cock to lubricate it.  As he placed his cockhead at the opening of Terri's 
unwilling asshole, she continued to beg and plead for mercy, even as she grabbed 
the handrails leading out of the hot tub and gripped them for dear life, her 
knuckles turning white.  

As the humungous black cock slowly sank into the hapless slut's ass, Angela 
remarked lightly, "Sure would suck to be you right now...."  Then she left the 
room, thoughtfully shutting the door out of courtesy to the other members of the 
health club.  She smiled to herself as the sound of Terri's screaming and begging 
faded with distance.
*******************************************************************
OFFICE MEMO

From:       Manager of Operations
To:         All employees
Copies to:  Human Resources, Mailroom, Legal, Archives

Subject:    TERRI THE COMPANY SLUT


Following are the job description and employee guidelines for Terri, my lovely blonde
assistant.

 1.  MISSION.  Terri is a slut.  Her sole purpose within our organization is to fuck,  
 suck and lick.  As employees, one of your fringe benefits is the use and abuse of Terri, 
 with the following conditions:  

  (a) That Terri is not directly working on something for me, i.e. licking my wet bi-
      sexual cunt; selling her sweet ass in a hotel room of my choice; handling official
      company business (Terri's carnal talents are frequently offered to prospective 
      clients as added incentive to close a deal); or otherwise making a complete 
      degraded slut out of herself for my enjoyment.
  (b) You must not permanently scar, disfigure, or otherwise damage our slut.  In the
      case of accidental damage, report this to me at once.  Despite what sweet little
      Terri may try to tell you, a larger than average cock reaming her tight ass, though
      agonizing, is NOT considered to be permanently damaging.
  (c) Use of Terri by more than four people at any one time requires special approval 
      from my office.  
  (d) Public humiliation of Terri, while welcome and encouraged, must be carefully
      planned and coordinated.  Common sense applies, i.e. putting a collar and leash on
      dear Terri and making her walk around the office on hands and knees would be a good
      idea; however doing the same at the local shopping mall probably would not be
      advisable (though it would be fun to see!)

 Terri is required to upkeep herself physically.  She is required to work out at a local
 fitness center. Her workout regimen includes high-impact aerobics, marathon cocksucking, 
 treadmill, getting gang-banged, stairmaster, pussy eating, swimming, high-energy 
 masturbation, jogging, and exercising of her vaginal and sphincter muscles.  Her 
 workouts are to be followed with a "protein shake".  Terri also is mandated to attend a 
 tanning salon, where she keeps her entire body a beautiful golden tan, in accordance 
 with the impromptu survey which was taken a few months ago "Ways our Company Slut Can 
 Improve Morale" (unfortunately "cloning", a rather popular written-in response, is not
 feasible at this time.)  During her time in the tanning booth, our big-titted bimbo is 
 required to work out her cunt and ass with her collection of dildos and toys.  

 Whenever her mouth is not busy sucking on a hard prick or buried in a sweet, juicy cunt,
 Terri should be chewing at least two pieces of bubble gum.  The purpose of this is two-
 fold.  First, it helps to enhance the stereotype of Terri as a typical blonde,airheaded, 
 big-titted dumb office bimbo.  Second, it serves to keep her jaws loose and worked out.  
 After all, there is no telling what Terri's sweet mouth might be called upon to 
 accommodate and service, from one moment to the next, as employees of this company can
 certainly attest to!

 Terri also needs assistance in keeping and maintaining her smooth, sexy complexion.  Her 
 secret is lots of jism, which she rubs all over her face, neck, breasts, belly, bikini,
 thighs and legs.  As her coworkers, it is your responsibility to assist her with this
 requirement whenever possible.

 In addition to upkeeping physically, our community fuck-hole must keep herself mentally
 able to perform her duties.  She is required to spend her free time watching X-rated
 films, reading adult magazines, and studying adult pictures and stories on the internet 
 so that she can constantly have fresh ideas on how to best carry out her duties here
 and to provide top notch service to us.  She is also required to regularly review our
 growing library of videotapes of her past performances, so that she can identify areas
 of potential improvement.  Finally, the Kama Sutra should be considered by our slut to 
 be her bible, and she should know it from cover to cover.  Employees are urged to quiz
 this shameless vixen regularly, rewarding her with a creamy mouthful of sperm for a
 correct answer, and punishing her by making her go braless, her huge boobs flopping
 around unrestrained in her dress or blouse, for an incorrect response.
 
 2. GENERAL USE.  As your slut, Terri should never refuse to perform any action, provided 
 it does not meet one of the conditions described above in section 1a through 1d.  ANY 
 REFUSAL BY TERRI TO PERFORM HER DUTIES SHOULD BE REPORTED TO ME IMMEDIATELY.  I would 
 also welcome any input and assistance as regards to punishment, for the purpose of 
 correcting such problems.
 
 Terri is available for use, subject to the same conditions set forth in this document,
 during off-hours, weekends, and holidays.  With the exception of spontaneous rolls in
 the hay with this shapely piece of ass, please try to reserve Terri's after-hours 
 services at least 72 hours in advance whenever possible.  A calendar is maintained in my 
 office for this express purpose.  Please keep in mind that Terri moonlights as a call 
 girl four times a week, and is off-limits during these times, which are indicated on the 
 calendar.  An exception would be if you wish to purchase this sexpot's professional 
 services during this time.  (In which case you would be a complete moron, since Terri's 
 services are otherwise completely free, as an employee benefit.  But, hey, everyone with 
 the exception of Terri is free to choose what makes them happy!!)

 Terri can be used to further the company's interests as well.  Account managers seeking
 to add new clientele to our company might want to consider using this delectable saucy
 blonde as a deal-closer.  An afternoon or evening of fucking the daylights out of this 
 petite bombshell can quickly put the cap on an otherwise frustrating, dead-ended 
 negotiation.  Simply contact my office if you require these services, with as much of
 an advance notice as possible, and Terri can then be properly prepared to use her
 heavenly body to ensure a winning outcome for all involved.

 Married employees who feel guilty about boning this cum-craving little treat can feel
 free to leave their wedding bands and jewelry at my office, where they will be secured
 in my safe.  After filling our slut's mouth, twat or asshole with your jism, please 
 remember to retrieve them IMMEDIATELY after she finishes cleaning you off with her 
 mouth and tongue.  I cannot be held responsible for you getting home for dinner and then 
 suddenly realizing that your wedding ring is still in my office.  Of course, Terri could 
 be subject to disciplinary action for failing to remind you.

 Eating Terri's cunt is not allowed.  Besides the fact that one of your coworkers might 
 have just filled her snatch with a load of sperm, Terri's purpose is to provide 
 pleasure, not to receive it.  Employees should take steps to ensure that Terri herself 
 does not derive pleasure from anything which gets done to her.  

 3. PROTEIN.  For increased company morale, as well as ensuring that our slut is meeting 
 the FDA's Recommended Daily Allowances, the 'protein rule' has been established.  Terri 
 the company whore is required to give two blowjobs a day to employees of the company.  
 These should be completely voluntary acts on this bimbo's part, and slut acts by Terri 
 in compliance with sections 1 and 2 above do not count toward this obligation.  Our
 cock-slut should swallow every drop of this precious jism.  If she fails to do so, she
 should be made to suck you off again as soon as she can get you hard again.

 4. DRESS CODE.  In simple terms, Terri is required at all times to dress like the cheap 
 whore that she is.  This includes non-working hours.

 Lacy underthings should be worn by our slut at all times, unless she has been directed 
 to go braless or pantyless.  Such direction will usually occur as punishment, or to
 facilitate quick, unhindered access to her steamy cunt or tight ass.  Suggested garments
 include demi bras, corsets and crotchless thong panties.

 Dresses should be tight and revealing, and Terri's delectable 36-triple-D cleavage 
 should be plainly visible and in danger of falling out when she bends over (whether this 
 be to serve coffee, for a request to present her ass for pinching or spanking, or to get 
 fucked from behind).  Similarly, skirts and dress hemlines should be short enough to 
 ensure that Terri's lovely tanned ass cheeks are revealed when our little whore bends 
 over to retrieve dropped items.  It is considered acceptable to purposefully drop office 
 supplies and order Terri to retrieve them, to ensure that she is in keeping with the 
 dress code. In fact, it is our duty as Terri's coworkers.  If this delicious treat's 
 revealing attire invokes a physical response, it is acceptable to ask her to get on her 
 knees and satisfy your needs for you.  
 
 Garters and hose, when worn, should be slutty in appearance.  Runs in pantyhose are
 unacceptable and may result in loss of undergarment privileges or other punishment.
 
 Footwear should also be slutty in nature.  High heels should be a minimum of 4 inches.
 Leather boots and platform shoes are typically considered to be acceptable.  A good rule 
 of thumb is to ask yourself if Terri's footwear would look good thrown over your 
 shoulders while your stiff rod is being buried deep inside her cunt.  Another practical
 test is to have Terri kneel under your desk clad only in her footwear while orally 
 servicing you, and note whether or not her shoes make her look sexier.

 Makeup should be applied heavily.  Lipstick should be reapplied by our little blonde
 whore after sucking cock/eating pussy.  (Special caution should be exercised by married
 male employees; you are strongly urged to have Terri thoroughly clean your cock after 
 using her mouth.  The company will not be liable for your room and board, legal fees, or 
 any other expenses incurred when your spouse notices traces of our dumb blonde office
 bimbo's lipstick in your underwear.)  Eye makeup should also be applied generously by
 our walking cum depository, and should be reapplied as necessary (for instance, when 
 Terri is in the midst of a completely degrading, demeaning task, she will often be
 humiliated to tears, thus causing her eye makeup to run.)  Our slut's fake nails should
 always be freshly painted.  Again, sluttiness is the rule here.

 Perfume is not worn by the company fuck-machine, because of the obvious domestic 
 problems this could cause for the married personnel who make use of her at the office.  
 I realize that the faint odor of jism constantly surrounds Terri, but when someone makes 
 her living by having cum splattered on her face, hair, mouth, breasts, stomach, cunt, 
 ass, and back, this unfortunately cannot be helped.  

 Jewelry, like everything else on Terri's delectable body, should serve to make her look
 like the shameless tramp whom we all know her to be.  Male employees who are feeling
 grateful and charitable, should feel free to express this to Terri, by treating her to a
 "pearl necklace".  

 As with any corporate dress code, it is the cooperation and good judgment of the 
 employees which make it work.  Take it upon yourselves to constantly inspect Terri's
 manner of dress.  Feel free to take her into a supply closet and have her show off her
 underthings, so that you can determine whether or not she is complying with this code.
 If you feel that Terri's manner of dress is not cheap or slutty enough, again, 
 initiative is the rule.  It is completely acceptable to drag Terri to the mall during
 lunch hour, and to choose more appropriate attire from Victoria's or Frederick's for her 
 to put on her husband's charge card.  If you have to go to this length of trouble,
 ensure that our wayward bimbo thanks you profusely at a no-tell motel of your choice 
 (Terri should know the location of several), which should also be charged on her old 
 man's credit card.  Note:  common professionalism applies--if you are going to be gone
 for more than an hour and a half sampling Terri's delights, please clear this with your
 supervisor or manager, in accordance with your department's policy on time off.  You
 might want to employ a bit of teamwork--have a coworker cover for you while you are
 gone, then do the same for him when it is his turn to boff the sweet piece of flesh.

 5. SAFETY AND PREVENTING INJURY.  Many of the job safety considerations in your own
 Employee Handbooks do not apply to Terri, since her sole purpose within our organization
 is to serve as a fucktoy for our employees, employees' families, and clientele.

 Current safety guidelines dictate that when stooping to pick something up, we should
 bend at the knees as opposed to bending over at the midsection and risking back injury.
 This does not apply to Terri.  One look at our shapely blonde slut's deliciously round, 
 firm asscheeks will make the reasoning for this readily apparent.  For morale purposes,
 anything which goes in filing cabinets in our office will go in the BOTTOM DRAWERS ONLY.
 Everything which goes in these drawers should be put there by Terri, maintained and
 upkept by Terri, and retrieved from there by Terri.  She should bend over in a manner
 designed to give everyone watching a clear, awesome view of her tight little ass, and
 her panties (if she has been allowed to wear them for that day) should be visible.  
 Slapping and pinching our treat's ass is encouraged, as this can be a terrific morale
 builder for everyone but Terri.  UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHOULD TERRI EVER 
BEND OVER FOR  LESS THAN TEN SECONDS.  REPORT ANY VIOLATIONS TO MY 
OFFICE AT ONCE.

 Our slut's chest size is 36-DDD.  Since receiving her breast implants, she has had some 
 difficulty in carrying these mammoth jugs around and she has complained of back pain. To
 alleviate some of the pressure, Terri has been directed to spend more time lying on her 
 back, preferably with a stiff prick pistoning out of her cunt and/or ass, and with her 
 mouth filled with either a throbbing cock or a juicy pussy.

 There may also be some soreness in our pet's boobs, resultant from her recent breast
 enlargement.  This can be alleviated by making her hold her delectable mounds together
 and straddling her chest, fucking her ample cleavage with your stiff throbbing rod, 
 until you shoot your jism all over her chest, and she can then use her hands to work 
 your seed into her tits, like a soothing salve.

 Please do not fuck our slut's snatch after cornholing her.  This is requested out of
 simple courtesy for the next of your coworkers who will be making use of Terri's hot
 wet pussy.  If you feel that you must fuck her cunt after reaming her ass, be sure she 
 first thoroughly cleans you up with her slut mouth.  

 During intensive intercourse/bondage/rape sessions with our company whore, she may 
 experience excruciating agony.  This is completely acceptable, and is one of the joys
 of having a beautiful siren as an office slave who will do everything she is told.  From
 time to time, Terri may lose consciousness due to a particularly intense session.  If
 this occurs, use a little common sense and WAIT FOR HER TO REGAIN CONSCIOUSNESS before
 continuing.  The entire idea of using and abusing Terri is to hammer home to her the
 complete hopelessness and humility of her situation (which she has brought entirely
 upon herself) as well as subjecting her to extremely uncomfortable and/or agonizing 
 physical suffering, and this cannot be fully experienced unless she is conscious and 
 aware.

 The building in which our office is located has a lighted, secure parking garage, for
 the safety and protection of our employees.  In Terri's case, however, we do not want
 to prevent her from being raped or assaulted--in fact, it is encouraged.  (Actually, 
 given Terri's instructions that she is forbidden to refuse sexual favors to anyone, 
 there is effectively no such thing as rape where Terri is concerned.) Therefore, Terri 
 is required to park in the parking complex located across the street, which is poorly 
 lighted, unguarded and has been the scene of many sexual assaults.

 6. PUNISHMENT/DISCIPLINARY ACTION.  If you observe our slut disobeying any of these
 rules, or just generally not living up to the bimbo reputation which has been assigned
 to her (i.e. acting like a slutty bitch in heat), disciplinary action may be necessary.  
 This punishment could range from a few swats on the ass or losing her right to wear 
 underwear, to more serious actions such as an intense gang ass-fucking or a public 
 humiliation.  Punishment will largely be left to the discretion of the employees of this 
 company.  For serious violations of these rules, please notify my office and these 
 issues will be dealt with.

 7. RECREATION.  Terri is a fringe benefit of our fine company.  With many privileges,
 the rule is usually "if you abuse it, you lose it".  That's not true with regard to
 Terri!  I can personally assure that our little jumbo-breasted blonde vixen is going to
 be fucking and sucking the employees of this company for years to come!  In fact, abuse 
 of Terri is encouraged, as long as it is in keeping with the rules set forth in this 
 document.  This section is dedicated to making the most out of your relationship with 
 the company sex slave.

 There are a wide selection of accessories available which can help you ensure that Terri
 keeps in line.  Among these are handcuffs, dildos, and whips.  When used properly, these
 devices can be used to inflict extreme pain and/or discomfort, while leaving little or
 no trace.  For more information about borrowing these types of accessories, or for info
 concerning how to best use them, please contact Angela Timmons at X4-2429.

 Each session with our company's savory well-endowed slut is a memorable experience.  
 Employees are urged to preserve these moments for posterity, through use of cameras and 
 audio and video recording equipment.  If you do not own such equipment, check with my 
 office about borrowing some of the equipment which is kept specifically for this 
 purpose.  Married persons who are concerned about being videotaped with Terri, need not
 be.  It is extremely easy to position cameras and edit tapes, so that only Terri's 
 identity can be ascertained from them.

 We also have a growing Terri archive, consisting of both photographs and videotapes.
 The most recent additions to this library include our slut's Tit-Warming Party, where
 thirty of the male employees helped Little Miss Terri commemmorate her new breast 
 implants with a bang, if you'll pardon the pun.  These as well are available to be 
 loaned out through my office.

 Finally, many female employees have expressed their desire to screw Terri's husband
 Steven, while he sleeps in their bed, and while poor little innocent housewife Terri
 watches from the doorway teary-eyed as her husband gets fucked by a real woman.  
 Unfortunately this service is only available on a limited basis for obvious reasons, and 
 there is a rather lengthy waiting list.  Also it is not certain whether or not this 
 service will be continuing, as Steven now seems to be becoming romantically involved 
 with another one of the women who have previously enjoyed his unknowing "stud service".  
 If this service discontinues, all we can do is wish Steven well, and express our 
 happiness that he has finally found a real woman who is more than a walking, big-titted 
 doormat for men.  Women who do not wish to wait for this service are reminded that Terri
 the company slut is extremely skilled with both her tongue and a strap-on dildo.

 All in all, Terri is YOUR slut, and your property, and is yet another fine benefit which
 comes from working for one of the top firms in this city.  The possibilities for her use
 are limited only by your own imagination. 

 Thanks, and enjoy your slut!   

NOTE:   Any mistakes or misspellings in this document should be brought to my attention  
immediately.  I will then punish Terri for them, because she typed this as I dictated  
it.  I must also apologize for not getting this document published on time; Terri typed  
it using one hand while using the other to frig her juicy cunt.  The girl also kept 
breaking down into little crying jags, during which not much typing got done.  It's a 
good thing Terri is a good little cum-swallowing pussy-licking whore, because she makes a 
rather lousy secretary.  Another reason for the delay is because there were also numerous 
"inspiration breaks" between typing, courtesy of Terri's talented, hungry tongue.

Suggestions and comments regarding these policies are welcome.  Please address them to
me at X4-2405, or feel free to drop into my office.  Keep in mind that if the door is
closed, and a lacy 36-DDD bra is hanging from the doorknob, this should be interpreted as
a "do not disturb" sign.

Thanks,
Danielle 




                      Second Place Part 13--Terri's Christmas

Terri
-----
Terri pulled her car to the shoulder of the road again.  For the eighth
time, she had been blinded by tears and was crying so hard she could
not continue driving.  

Wiping her eyes, she reached over to the passenger seat of her car. 
Retrieving the small stack of papers, she read the first few lines and
confirmed that they were, indeed, real.  As they had been the first
dozen times she had read them, in disbelief.

The pretty blonde had been minding her own business, preparing for
another humiliating day at the hands of Danielle.  Her boss was being
especially cruel these past few days.  Terri figured it was jealousy 
because Danielle had found out about her and Carrie.  Not that Terri
had any say in what Carrie or anyone else did to her...but Danielle
took it out on her just the same, having lusted after the redhead for
several years without any luck.  

She'd been minding her own business that morning, when a knock came at
the door.  That was when she had been served.  

Now, her heart felt like it had been ripped from her silicone-enhanced
chest.  Divorce!  Steven wanted a divorce!  And it was all Danielle's
fault.  Danielle had seen to it.  She hadn't followed through on her 
threats to send Steven the videotapes of some of Terri's extramarital
performances, but Steven would have to have been blind not to know that
something was going on.  Terri's sizzling, slutty wardrobe, which would
have put a callgirl to shame.  The late night calls from men asking for
Terri.  Terri going out every night, slipping quietly into bed in the
early morning hours, always too tired to do anything for her husband. 
All thanks to Danielle.  Danielle, turning Terri into a callgirl. 
Danielle, keeping Terri after work for hours on end, making her perform
over and over again until she used her tongue just right.  Danielle,
escorting Terri to a picnic ground, and making her burn all her old
clothing in a fire barrel...only cheap, slutty clothes for our Terri! 
Danielle, making arrangements for her friend Carrie to be temporarily
assigned to work in Steven's office.  Carrie....

Carrie
------
The redhead had watched the house from her car, parked across the
street.  She'd seen the car with the well-dressed, lawyerly looking man
drive up, seen him go to the front door and knock.  She'd seen him
deliver a large manila envelope to the woman who answered the door,
then turn around and walk briskly back to his car, ignoring the
questions being directed at him with rapidly increasing volume by the
blonde woman who had answered the door.  The blonde had chased the man
to his car, screaming at him and pleading for an explanation.  She'd
watched the man drive away, noticing that he pulled his car to the curb
about a block away, and out of sight of the sobbing blonde, to complete
some paperwork.  Carrie had watched the blonde stagger back into her
house in shock.  The redhead had seriously considered going into the
house and raping the blonde, to punctuate her grief and humiliation
even more, but in the end had decided to leave things as they were. 
About thirty minutes after that, the door to the house had opened, and
the slut who was married to Carrie's man had come out, gotten in her
car, and drove off in tears.

Carrie then got out of her car and went to the front door of the house.
 She searched momentarily until she found the key she knew was hidden
there.  Letting herself in to the now empty house, she headed straight
for the master bedroom and opened the closet which contained her man's
wife's wardrobe. (Would that make her my "wife-in-law"? the vivacious
redhead giggled to herself.)  In the far back of the closet, she found
the item she was looking for, wrapped in plastic from the cleaners and
having not been worn for several years.  Ripping the plastic away,
Carrie stripped naked and then began dressing in the clothing she had
picked out.  

Then the redheaded homewrecker laid down in the middle of the bed, clad
in Terri's white wedding dress, and masturbated, waiting for her man to
come home.


Danielle
--------
Danielle tried to concentrate on the paperwork in front of her.  She
was finding it increasingly difficult because of what Terri was doing
under her desk.  Taking a deep breath, the young saleslady forced
herself to focus on the pages upon pages of contracts...and away from
the tongue which was working her over sooooooo expertly, down below.

It probably would have been easier to order the blonde to stop, and
take a rain check on the "afternoon delight" Terri was giving her boss.
 But the young assistant had had a VERY poor attitude lately, and
Danielle was determined to set her straight.  A glance under the desk
confirmed that her assistant was still dutifully reaming her ass with
the 8" dildo she had been provided with.

Terri's need for an attitude adjustment had begun three days earlier,
when the staff had decked out the office for the holidays.  The office
had come to a complete halt, reveling in the sight of the office bimbo
climbing a step ladder to hang decorations and ornaments from the
ceiling, clad in a black miniskirt.  Once the task was done, Terri had
slinked back to her desk, failing to note the mistletoe which someone
had hung from the ceiling directly above her.  It took her the rest of
the day to figure out why the men (and a few of the women) in the
office kept grabbing her and roughly forcing their tongue into her
mouth.  The blonde bimbo had then taken the mistletoe down, drawing a
reprimand from 
Danielle, who had ordered her to put it back up, and to remove her
panties and hang them up there with it.  Following this episode, many
of the kisses were accompanied by hands wandering under Terri's skirt.

This morning, the dumb blonde had been in tears when a process server
had paid her a visit, serving Terri with notice that Steven was filing
for divorce.  Danielle and Angela had spent the morning cruelly 
referring to this as Terri's "early Christmas present".  Terri had
finally exploded, declaring that she wasn't going to put up with
Danielle's blackmail any longer. 

Danielle had then politely reminded her delectable servant of the
illegal things she had done, including corporate espionage and
prostitution.  Failing to mention, of course, that it was Danielle
herself who had forced Terri to do all of these things.  And when Terri
still didn't calm down, Danielle had brought out the Christmas cards.

The "Christmas cards" consisted of rather plain holiday greeting cards,
each with "Season's Greetings" embossed on the front.  Inside, however,
each card contained a unique picture.  And of course, each card was
addressed to someone Terri knew.  Pictures of Terri masturbating,
half-dressed in a business blazer--addressed to various former
coworkers and business associates.  A picture of Terri, bathed in cum
and sweat, with cocks in every orifice, addressed to Terri's
grandmother in Phoenix.  An entire package of pictures, addressed to
Terri's soon to be ex-husband, completely documenting the blonde's
illicit activities by showing her screwing dozens of men and women. 
("The divorce court should find these VERY interesting," Danielle had
remarked.)

Danielle had threatened to mail the Christmas cards, and of course the
begging, pleading, crying and apologizing had begun.  As Terri's tongue
worked at her crotch, the villianess reflected that the funnest part of
having Terri as her assistant was the begging, pleading, crying and
apologizing.  This pleased the brunette, who was sure that there would
be much more of it later tonight, when Terri would be forced to watch
Danielle drop the Christmas cards into the mail for real.

All in all, by the time the night was over, Danielle mused, Terri's
entire life would be destroyed.  Steven had filed for possession of the
house (at Carrie's insistence), and the pretty redhead homewrecker was
at this moment moving her things in, and carelessly tossing aside
Terri's possessions.  Terri wouldn't be homeless, however...she would
be moving in with Danielle!  Who would then make use of the ruined
blonde till she grew tired of the game...at which point Terri would be
packed into a crate and shipped to one of Danielle's contacts in the
Middle East, where the hapless girl would spend the remainder of her
life serving as a harem slave.

But that was all in the future, in the new year yet to come.  Enjoy the
present, and all the joy it brings, the wicked brunette chided herself.

Danielle's thoughts turned to the company Christmas party, later this
evening.  There would be plenty of food, plenty of drinks, and gifts
for all.  Santa Claus wouldn't be able to make it, being very busy and
all, but rumor had it that one of his elfs might make it to the party. 
A very slutty elf, whose green minidress, matching holiday green thong,
and festive red 36-DDD bra would no doubt end up lying forgotten on the
floor very early in the evening.

The very thought, coupled with the intensive tongue lashing she had
been receiving from Terri over the past several hours, made the evil
brunette cum.  The first cum of many for this evening.




                                                   Second Place part 14

The interview  
-------------

"Time for your monthly review, Terri.  Conference Room C should do nicely, don't
you think?"

"Yes ma'am."  Terri put away the copy of Hustler magazine which she had been
reading.

Danielle turned and headed for the empty conference room.  Terri subserviently
followed  a few paces behind.

The young VP took a seat.  "Close the door, will you?"  The blonde obeyed and
took her seat.

"Did I tell you to sit down?" Danielle asked sharply.

"No ma'am," Terri hurriedly got to her feet, flustered.

Danielle was pleased with herself.  She always liked to start these meetings off
by  putting her assistant off balance.  Outwardly,  however, she made her
disdain evident.

"I don't know what your problem is, Terri.  We've been having these little
meetings  for eight months.  I'd think you'd know the rules by  now."

"Yes ma'am."

"Good.  NOW you may sit down.  You know the position to assume."

Terri did.  Slumping way down in the plush chair, she spread her legs wide and
rested  her feet on the wooden conference table.  Lifting  the hem of her skirt,
she tentatively  eased her finger inside herself.  Danielle had the best seat in
the house from across the table, and  could plainly see that Terri was already
wet.

"Goooooood. Nice.  Now...let's talk about whether or not we should keep you on
here."   The brunette's voice took an ominous tone.   Of course, if Terri were
dismissed, Danielle would  be sending some information to the cops.  Evidence of
sensitive information which  Terri had stolen from her old job.  Videotapes of
Terri selling her body for cash.  Offshore  bank accounts full of dirty money,
all in Terri's name.  Drugs....

With a shudder, Terri thought about one incident, shortly after Steven had filed
for  divorce and thrown Terri out of their house.  That  meddlesome bitch Carrie
had cajoled Steven into getting a restraining order against Terri (Danielle had
"helped" by making numerous  telephone calls to Steven's boss, pretending to be
Terri, and by slashing Steven's tires.)   Terri had said "fuck it" and told
Danielle that  she quit, deciding that everything that mattered to  her had
already been taken away from her.  In this, she found that she was sorely 
mistaken;  speeding out of the parking garage, she'd received a call on her
car-phone.  "Look in your trunk," Danielle's voice had urged,  then a (click). 
Stopping, Terri had discovered a ziploc bag filled  with white powder beneath
the spare tire.  Searching the rest of the car, she'd found several more  bags. 
Then Danielle had called back.

"My next call will be to the DEA and the sheriff's department."  And so, Terri
had dejectedly  gone back and spent most of the next 24 hours between Danielle's
legs, begging for her job back.

"Soooo..." Danielle began.  "Very SPECIAL day for you today, isn't it?"

Terri didn't answer, instead she regarded her boss with a mixture of pure hate
and extreme hurt.

"What's the SPECIAL occasion?"  Danielle pressed.

"M-my...d-d-div.....D-DIVORCE....."  The pretty blonde's voice broke, and she
began sobbing uncontrollably.  Across the table, the evil Danielle silently
congratulated herself.  It usually took  her a full three minutes to get the
little bitch bawling her eyes out.  But today was a very emotional  day for
Terri, as her marriage had now been legally and officially ruined by this
wicked, spiteful  woman.  The tramp was understandably riding an emotional
roller coaster.  The balloons, flowers  and the impromptu lunchtime party
probably hadn't  helped matters, Danielle mused.

"Ahhh....yes.  Your divorce.  Oh well.  Guess that's what you get for being a
walking cum  depository.  Let's begin, shall we?"

"Wh-whatever...." Terri sniffled.

"I see you shaved your pussy again, Terri."  It was true; the blonde's cunt was
completely bald--in  direct contradiction of Danielle's orders to let it grow
and dye it black, so that anyone seeing her naked would assume that she was a
fake, dyed-blonde bimbo.  However, Scott, one of her coworkers, had  ordered her
to shave it off.  Danielle, of course, knew this, and also knew that Scott had 
ordered  Terri not to tell.  This didn't stop her from taking the opportunity to
torment the girl.

"Now, Terri...do you remember our little review last month?" she asked softly.

"Yes, ma'am."

"And, what did we decide in regard to the shaving of your pussy?" Danielle
pressed.

"You...w-we...said I wasn't....s-s-supposed to...."

"And...look at your pussy.  What do you call that?"

"S-shaved...."  Terri had a look on her face which wished that she was anywhere
but here.

"And," Danielle continued quietly, "what did we say the penalty would be if you
disobeyed again?"

Terri's eyes widened.  "No...please, Danielle...."

"What did we say the penalty would be, Terri?"

"Danielle," Terri sobbed, "please!  You don't understand!!!"

"I understand that I gave you specific instructions, and that you failed to
follow them," Danielle said coldly.  "The penalty--your employment here will be
terminated, and your illicit activities will all be reported to the proper
authorities."  Picking up the phone on the conference table, she dialed a
number.  "Building security, please."

"NOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!" Terri wailed.  "Please...Danielle....ma'am...I didn't have a
choice....Scott!   Scott made me do it."  Ah.  Now they were getting somewhere.

Danielle hung up the phone.  "Scott 'made' you do it?  How?"

"H-he...told me...if I didn't...Angela would use the whip
again....and...and...he'd u-use m-m-my ass..."

"Oh.  So, you had a choice, then."  Danielle let that sink in.  "And you chose
to disobey me."

"Danielle...h-he...she....A-Angela and Scott aren't...aren't gentle.  One of
these days they're going  to kill me...." Terri choked.

"When is it going to sink in, Terri?  It's not all about you.  You're nothing
more than a toy, for the  purpose of providing pleasure to us as we see fit. 
I'd have thought that would have been obvious  by now.  Anytime Scott wants to
use your ass, it's his, provided that it's not being used by me at the moment. 
And if his wife wants to take a whip to your back and cover it with
welts...well, can you  blame her?  After all, you have been having an affair
with her husband," Danielle finished cruelly.

"Please...I'm sorry...it w-won't happen again...please don't fire me..."  Tears
rolled down Terri's face  as she awaited her fate.

Danielle observed as Terri broke down.  Having spent most of her life being
tormented by the blonde,  she found it intensely satisfying to be paying it all
back, with interest.

"P-p-please...."

"While I think about how to handle this little infraction, get up on the table. 
You know what to do."   And Terri did.  Stripping naked, she lay on her back on
the mahogany table, sliding her hand down  to her cunt, as her boss watched with
perverse satisfaction.  Before long, Danielle's own hand was busy shamelessly
playing with her wet pussy.

Bachelor Party  
------------------

Terri walked, reflecting on what an awful day it was.  She couldn't believe that
Danielle had taken  things this far.  Ruining her marriage!   She'd thought she
was resigned to the inevitable, but it hadn't really been real for her until
today.  As of today, she was a single woman,  the man she loved having  been
stolen from her through seduction, blackmail and lies.  And through it all, as
Danielle had  carefully arranged and choreographed everything, Terri had only
been able to kneel under her boss'  desk,  cramming a dildo up her ass while
dutifully eating out the evil bitch who was destroying her life.

Danielle had "decided" to keep Terri employed for another month.  Now, Terri was
headed back to Danielle's apartment, where she was being allowed to reside. 
There, she'd go through the same type  of monthly "review", where Danielle would
decide whether or not to keep her blonde slave as a  "tenant" for another month,
or to throw her out into the street.

Her "landlady" was eagerly awaiting her.

"Tonight's 'review' is going to be a little different.  I've arranged for you to
work a bachelor party.   Let's get you ready."  It was not unusual for Danielle
to pimp Terri out to special events like this.

Danielle spent the next hour dolling her slut up to look like the high class
call girl she was.  A  pink  thong with a matching pink demi bra, which had been
specially made for Terri's silicone-made triped-D rack.  Matching garters and
hose.  A rather stunning, extremely scandalous red dress to accentuate Terri's
every curve. Plenty of face and eye makeup.  Bright red lipstick, to call
attention to the lips  which had serviced hundreds of cocks at Danielle's
bequest.  Six-inch pumps.  A black wig put the finishing touches on things.

When Danielle left her alone, Terri surveyed herself in the mirror.  She looked
like a complete stranger!  The sex slave was thankful for once--at least nobody
would recognize her.  That would certainly spare her some humiliation.

In that, she had no idea how wrong she was.

----------------------

"Drink this--you'll need it."  Without taking her eyes off the road, Danielle
had produced a flask of whiskey and now offered it to Terri, who eyed it
suspiciously.

"Why?" she asked.  It was indeed strange, she thought.  Usually the heartless
bitch wanted her pet to be completely sober, so that she could fully experience
and appreciate whatever humiliation had been conjured up for her.  "Don't you
want me to be fully coherent while you embarrass and torment me?"

"Yes, dear, usually I do.  But in this case, I think you'll need to be a little
numb.  Tonight will be an important performance from you,  and the last thing we
need is for you to start bawling in front of everybody."

"Why would I start bawling?" Terri wanted to know.

"Just drink," Danielle said firmly.

"Why would I start bawling?  What's going to happen?" Terri asked anxiously.

"Oh, I might as well tell you, so you can get it out of your system now,"
Danielle sighed.  "The bachelor party you'll be performing at is  for Steven. 
He'll be marrying Carrie next weekend.  You're going to perform for him and his
friends, and then you're going to fuck him."  Danielle spoke as nonchalantly as
if she had just asked her assistant to drop a package off in the mailroom.  "And
he's not even  going to know that it's you..."

Eventually the hapless sex slave's crying died down enough that Danielle could
hear herself think.

"Drink," she repeated, passing the flask to Terri again.

Terri drank.

------------------------

Steven drank, too.  But out of celebration and festivity.  He was finally going
to be with the woman he loved, his soulmate.  Carrie was wonderful.

He also was celebrating for another reason. Today, he had closed the book on a
chapter of his life which, he now realized, had been a mistake.  What had he
been thinking when he'd married Terri?  They were from two different worlds. 
Steven thought back to how they'd drifted apart.  The constant late nights
waiting at home while she was out partying.  The phone calls in the middle of
the night,  after which Terri would dress quietly and leave the house after she
thought Steven was asleep.  A very painful, frustrating time it had been for
him....but he had found Carrie.  She'd started out as a temp in his office, and
the two had gone out to lunch, and then dinner.  In Carrie, Steven had found
someone whom he could talk to and relate to.

Then there had been the day when Carrie had brought the pictures over. 
"Steven," she had said as gently as possible, "there's something you should
know.  It's not going to be easy for you, but know that I am your friend and
will be here for you."  Then she had broke the news to him, about the affairs
Terri was having at work.  He'd broken down and cried in her arms, and somehow
they had ended up in bed together.  Steven's path had been clear to him at that
point; with a supportive Carrie at his side, he'd filed the necessary paperwork
in the county courthouse.  Carrie had moved in with Steven on the same day that
Terri moved out.

The two of them longed for the day when the divorce would be final, so that they
could make their own love official.  It had been a bumpy ride--Terri still
telephoned at least once a week, always breathing into the phone and not saying
anything when Steven picked up.  Carrie, however, had received several death
threats from the deranged soon to be ex-wife, and had spent many nights shaking
with terror, relaying the details to Steven as he held her close.

Now the long wait was coming to an end.  In a few short days, they would be
married!  Carrie, ever the good sport, had arranged tonight's bachelor party,
reserving a barroom, and had even hired a callgirl.  "I want to watch you fuck
her while she sucks all of your friends off," the nasty redhead had whispered in
his ear.  "Then, we go home and you get to ride the Redhead Express...."  This
was their pet name for lovemaking.

The callgirl was a petite-framed, black-haired young woman, with curves in all
the right places and enormous breasts, all poured in to a size 2 dress. 
Steven's cock grew hard immediately as she took the stage and began seductively
gyrating to the music in the bar.  Seated beside him, Carrie, too, was getting
turned on from the show, and began rubbing at Steven's trousers under the table. 
His friends, meanwhile, decided that they'd rather have a more intimate show,
and proceeded to carry the callgirl over to the large table where they were all
seated.

"'scuse me for just a second..." Carrie whispered to her man.  She stood next to
the dancer.

"Doesn't Lisa's dress look pretty?"  The men all agreed.  "Wouldn't it look even
better in a crumpled  heap on the floor?"  Everyone roared their approval.

"You heard.  Take it off," Carrie demanded.  Slowly, the callgirl unbuttoned the
dress and let it fall to the floor.  Underneath she was wearing a pink lace demi
bra, with a matching thong, garter and hose.  Directed by Carrie, the girl
pirouetted slowly to allow the men to take in a complete viewing of her
curvaceous, sexy body.  "Mmmmmm nice, isn't she, guys?  But you don't have to
settle for just  looking.  Lisa is paid for, all night!  Help yourselves....." 
And so Carrie returned to her seat, nuzzling  up to Steven and watching as the
whore was surrounded by six of Steven's best friends.

------------------

With the exception of Steven, Terri has fucked each of the men once, and they
were now enjoying sloppy seconds.  VERY sloppy seconds, as it turned out--the
guys using her pussy and ass had all pulled out in time to douse the disguised
slut in cum.  She was trying to keep them aroused, so that they'd keep fucking
her and she hopefully wouldn't have to do anything with Steven.  Terri didn't
think she could take that.  But the guys were gradually wearing out.  As she
finished the man who was fucking her mouth, nobody moved to take his place, and
with horror, Terri realized that Carrie was standing over her.

"My husband to be wants a blowjob," the redhead demanded softly.

"Carrie....please, no.  I wish you two best of luck, but....please...."

"NOW," Carrie demanded in a no-nonsense tone.  "Or do you, I and Danielle all
need to sit down  and have a little talk?"

Resignedly, fighting back tears, Terri got to her knees before the man who had
been so cruelly stolen  away from her.

-----------------

Closing his eyes, Steven leaned back and enjoyed the cocksucking he was getting
from the callgirl.  She definitely knew her oral, Steven thought to himself. 
The way she was able to take him all the way in to her mouth, at the same time
snaking her tongue around his shaft...

-------------

Humiliated and tormented beyond belief, Terri was performing by rote.  She was 
mechanically servicing Steven, just as she had on hundreds of occasions while 
they were married.  And he was responding--after all these years, she knew just
what he liked and how he liked it.

-------------

 The callgirl was doing a great job of sucking Steven's cock.  He hadn't had
oral treatment this great since he and Terri had still been together.  Carrie
was a terrific woman, but she had a lot to learn in the fellatio department.

The way her tongue was working him, her hands lightly playing with his balls, he
could almost imagine that he was still with Terri, before she'd strayed.  In his
mind's eye, Steven pictured his ex-wife kneeling there, her blonde hair tickling
his thighs as she bobbed up and down, determined to give her man the suck of his
life.

------------

Carrie watched nervously.  Terri was playing her role a little *too* intensely.  

------------

If this is the last time we're ever going to be together, Terri thought, I'm
going to make damn sure you're going to remember it, Steven.  Moaning loudly,
she doubled her pace, slurping at his sweet prick with a frenzy, just like the
time....

------------

..they'd headed up to the river, packing a picnic basket lunch which they had
never gotten around to eating.  Opting instead to taste each other there on the
blanket.  Steven recalled how he'd anticipated, and how warm and wet his young
wife's mouth was when she'd  finally stopped teasing and gotten down to
business.  How she'd leisurely worked him with her mouth for a while, before
moving in for  "the kill", shaking her head back and forth and her moans,
muffled by her mouthful of prick...

------------ 

 "MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM....."

------------

"Oh yeah....swallow it, Terri...."  Steven wasn't even aware he'd said it.  He
was aware only of the throbbing of his shaft, pulsing, as he  couldn't hold back
anymore, and emptied his load into the callgirl's mouth, as she eagerly gulped
down every last drop....

Carrie, however, had heard clearly, and was too stunned to move.  Terri was
looking up at Steven,  with a kind of sadness, knowing that it was, indeed,
over.

Finally the redhead bride to be found the strength to move.  Grabbing at Terri's
wig, she tore it off  and threw it aside.  "You BITCH!!!!!  WHAT THE FUCK DID
YOU DO TO LISA??  Won't you  EVER LEAVE US ALONE????"  She grabbed Steven,
pulling him away, then turned around and  slapped Terri across the face.  "LEAVE
US THE FUCK ALONE!!!!!"

Everyone ignored Terri as she dressed, reduced to complete shame.  All of the
guys were gathered  around Carrie and Steven.  The bitch was sobbing about how
"she follows us everywhere and calls our house constantly....she somehow found
out about tonight and arranged....THIS...."  More fake tears.  "What did you do,
Terri...tap our phone lines when we called the escort service?  Where's Lisa,
the girl who was supposed to be here?  Is she lying dead in a ditch somewhere?
Do you want us dead?  Do you?  COME ON!!!  HERE I AM!!!!"  And she came at Terri
again, getting a handful of the humiliated girl's blonde hair, shaking her
around until she was pulled back by Steven and a few of the other guys.  What
really hurt most of all were the words spoken by Steven.

"C'mon, Carrie.  She's not worth it."

As she was led away, the redhead spoke to Terri.  "Stay away from MY MAN." 
Then, to Steven's friends, "Do whatever you want with her, guys.  Have fun."

They did.




                               Second Place Chapter 15

Tears rolled down Terri's face as she sat in the back of the unmarked
police car.  She was alone--the officer who had busted her, and his
partner, were outside the car speaking with a gang of teenagers.  She
watched as the two cops spoke to the group of kids, even as a fresh
stream of obscene graffiti dried on the wall behind them.  

It had begun as an average night for Terri.  Carrie had come over to
Danielle's place, and the two of them had sat down to contemplate new
ways to humiliate the blonde slut, all the while passing Terri back and
forth to each other under the table.  

The two friends had made small talk.  Danielle bragged about the deal
she'd closed today, and how instrumental Terri's tits and ass had been
in making the sale.  Then she asked Carrie about Steven, Terri's
ex-husband (and the young redhead's present husband, by virtue of
having stolen him from Terri.)  Carrie had gone on and on about how
wonderful life was with Steven, taking care to explicitly describe
their sex life, and making sure to thank Danielle over and over for
having "introduced" her to Steven.  All the while, Terri had sobbed
miserably, her tears falling on the thighs of whichever woman she was
serving at the moment, as her tormentors recounted the times they'd
come into Terri and Steven's home, and fucked him in his sleep while
she was made to watch.  

"Well..Steven's a great guy.  It's terrific to see that he finally got
himself a real woman," Danielle had said.  This was met by a little
snort of disgust from under the table, which Danielle had immediately
pounced on.  "Is there a problem down there, Terri." She spoke very
distinctly, leaning under the table and cruelly twisting the slave's
nipple.

"YEOWWWWW!  No, ma'am."

"That's good to hear.  Carrie just made love to her husband, and she's
been gracious enough to come over here and allow you to lick his cum
out of her.  I'd hope you'd be grateful."

"Y-yes, ma'am."

"All the same, I think this needs to be punished."

Finally they had come up with a task for Terri.  She'd been made to
dress up in one of her sluttiest outfits, a black leather mini plus a
red tube top which barely contained her fake 36-DDD boobs.  Then she'd
been painted up with rouge and bright red lipstick.  No eye makeup--the
blonde was still prone to launching into crying jags in the middle of
whatever humiliating treatment she was being subject to.  "You need to
stop pretending you don't like being a whore," Danielle had taunted her
cruelly on several occasions.

After dressing her, the two women had driven to the east end of town, a
very shabby neighborhood which was well known for drugs, prostitution
and other assorted crime.  Here, Terri had been pushed out of the car,
and told to "not come back until you earn $600!"  She'd been frightened
beyond belief.  Danielle had pimped Terri before--in fact, she had made
quite a racket out of it, and the buxom blonde typically spent four
nights a week fucking and sucking the clientele which her boss sent her
to.  But up until now, she'd been used as a call-girl, and not as a
streetwalker.

She'd reluctantly solicited three men for blowjobs--the men were all so
scuzzy that Terri hadn't had the stomach to offer anything else.  Then,
finally, a decent looking guy had come along.  Terri had named her
price of $300.

"What do I get for $300?" the guy had asked.

Terri had named off every sex act she could think of, and before she
knew it the man, a plainclothes police officer, had had her in
handcuffs.  She had been arrested for solicitation.

Looking up, she saw that the boys were all being shooed away by the two
policemen, with the exception of one, who was being escorted over to
the police car.  As Terri watched, the kid emptied his pockets onto the
hood of the car, then was patted down in a search which produced a
switchblade knife and a small, clear pouch filled with some form of
drug.  Terri listened as the policeman explained to the young man what
his rights were, just as he had done for Terri herself a short eternity
ago, ignoring Terri's desperate, slutty offers to "settle this some
other way".  

The door opened.  "Go on, you know the way, Juan," one of the officers
directed the young man into the back of the squad car.  Terri
surreptitiously scooted her ass to the far side of the car.

"Yo, puerco, at least you got me some companionship this time.  It's
almost worth it--"

"Shut up and get in, Juan," the officer ordered, grabbing the top of
Juan's head and shoving him into the car.  He landed right in Terri's
lap, and stayed there until she scooted away.  Then, Juan stared at the
blonde's impressive cleavage while making obscene gestures with his
tongue.

"Yo, man, I take back everything I said about you puercos!  I need to
get arrested by you guys more often!!!" the young man patted Terri's
thigh.

"HEY!" Terri yelled.  "He's....touching me!  Get him away from me!"

"A whore that doesn't want to be touched," the police officer remarked.
 "That's a new one."

"Actually," said the second officer, "they make a cute couple, dontcha
think?"

"Yeah," his partner scowled, "and they'll probably both be out of jail
and back on the streets in time for her to give him a 1 a.m. special."

"I am NOT A WHORE!!!!" Terri protested again.  

Along the way to the station, the cops stopped for donuts, leaving a
terrified Terri in the police cruiser with Juan, who immediately began
fondling her tits.  

"STOP IT!!!" Terri pushed his hands away, but he was very persistent.

"Hey, I'm just trying to be friendly, no?" Despite Terri's best efforts
to resist, Juan managed to pop one of her huge breasts out of her tupe
top, taking Terri's hand at the same time and guiding it down to his
stiffening cock.  She pulled away, turning her body toward the door of
the cruiser and away from Juan.

"Hey, what the fuck?  You gonna get me all excited then turn away? 
FUCK NO!"  Juan grabbed Terri by the shoulders and tried to turn her
back around.  

"I'm....I didn't do anything to get you excited!  I just want you to
LEAVE ME ALONE!!"  

The gang member groped at Terri's bosom again; this time she turned
around and slapped him full across the face.  Juan looked stunned for a
second, then with surprising speed punched the blonde in the stomach.

"You're gonna be sorry you hit me, bitch!" Juan stated defiantly, still
a bit humilated at having been slapped, as Terri gagged and gasped for
breath.  He pulled his pants down, freeing his stiff rod from its
confinement.  "See how excited you got me?  Come here..."  Juan grabbed
a handful of Terri's blonde hair and dragged her down toward his hard
cock.  She turned her head away, and he pulled her head around by her
hair and slapped her.  

Terri knew that she could probably hold her own in a fight with this
guy.  But she knew that if the cops came back out to the car and found
the two of them fighting, there'd be more reports, more charges....more
trouble.  Not only that...but Danielle would undoubtedly find out about
the fight, and the circumstances leading up to it.  Danielle, with her
mandate that Terri was absolutely, under no circumstances, permitted to
refuse sexual favors to anyone, ever...

As Terri parted her lips and let this stranger slip his prick into her
mouth, she bitterly acknowledged that Danielle had succeeded in
tormenting and raping her in yet another way.  Beaten, she closed her
eyes and let Juan fuck her mouth.  She tried to lift her head up
several times to see if the cops were coming back, or to speak--they'd
be back any minute! but Juan wouldn't allow it.  

"Keep going till you get me off, bitch!" Juan insisted.  Terri knew
that she would be in even deeper trouble if the cops came back and
found her giving head to her fellow prisoner.  So she stopped resisting
and let him furiously fuck her mouth, adding as much tongue action as
possible and moaning loudly through her mouthful of man-meat.  By the
time his seed spewed into her mouth and down her throat, she was,
ashamedly, rather wet.  But, having gotten his rocks off, Juan was
already pulling up his pants disinterestedly and moving away from Terri.

The two policemen returned at that point, and Terri embarrassedly
fumbled to get her tube top back on as they climbed in, but they were
too devoted to their first love--donuts--to pay any attention to the
massive display of tit-flesh in the back seat.  

-------------------------------

"In here," the female officer ordered, opening the door of the holding
cell. About a dozen other women were in the cell, mostly prostitutes. 
Reluctantly, Terri entered.  Choosing a bench along the wall, she sat
down.

"Hey, that's my seat," a voice growled.  It belonged to a tall brunette
amazon, who appeared to be half black, half hispanic.  She also
appeared to be "in charge" of the cell, as everyone pointedly looked
the other way.  

"Sorry," Terri mumbled.  Getting up, she moved to the far corner of the
cell and sat down on another bench.

"That's my seat too," the amazon warned.  Terri stood against the wall
instead.  "That's my wall," she was inevitably told.  "And it doesn't
need your silicone ass to hold it up."

"Well, then where am I supposed--"

Terri was cut off abruptly, as the amazon crossed the distance with
surprising speed, delivering a resounding SMACK across the blonde's
face.  Then she picked Terri up by the neck with one hand and slammed
her into the wall.  

"YOU are not 'supposed' to do ANYTHING unless I TELL you to!  This is
MY home!  Do people come into YOUR home and do as they please?"  

Terri thought about her current living arrangement with Danielle, and
couldn't help herself.  She laughed, a bitter ironic laugh.  

"MY HOUSE...MY RULES!!!!" Amazon bellowed, releasing Terri, who fell to
the floor and collapsed.  "HEY!!!!! You're STILL in my SEAT!!!!  April,
get her up."  The girl to whom she spoke now, April, was a skinny,
plain-faced brunette who'd been standing on the other end of the cell
the whole time, and was a 17-year old runaway turned streetwalker. 
Like Amazon, she was clad in blue County Jail coveralls, and had
obviously been here for awhile.  Judging by the way she now hurried to
obey, crouching down and huddling next to Terri, she had obviously been
shown who was in charge in this jail cell, just as the cell's newest
occupant was now being shown.  

"Get up.  Hey.  Come on.  Up."  In a whisper, she added, "You have to."
 So with April's help, Terri shakily got up, clinging to the younger
girl for support.

"GET your hands off her," Amazon demanded now.  "First you help
yourself to my seat, now you think you can help yourself to my BITCH?" 
Clumsily, feeling very dizzy all of a sudden, Terri let go of April. 
She stood momentarily, then felt the floor begin to spin and grabbed
the other girl again on her way down, succeeding in dumping the two of
them onto the hard stone floor.

"What the FUCK are you doing to my BITCH??"

"S-s-sorry...." Terri stammered.

"SORRY my ASS!!!  You had better apologize NOW!"

Terri mumbled an apology to April.

"What kind of weak ass apology is THAT?" Amazon thundered
incredulously.  To April, "Are you going to accept that weak ass
apology?"  April, already dutifully unbuttoning her prison coveralls,
shook her head NO.  Terri was still on her hands and knees when the
teen runaway shed her outfit.  As April lay on her back and spread her
legs for Terri, she gasped as her back made contact with the very cold
floor.  

Terri knelt before April and slowly lowered her head into the younger
girl's crotch, pulling her panties to the side and gingerly licking her
clit.  April rolled her head from side to side and moaned as the blonde
bimbo's tongue quickly found its mark.  Up and down April's slit Terri
licked, sending electric shivers through the little convict's petite
body.  At the corner of her senses, Terri also felt her own skirt being
lifted, followed by the amazon's probing fingers in her ass. 
Determined to block her tormenter out, she continued eating April out,
as she'd done for dozens of other women throughout the tenure of her
ownership by Danielle.  

April concentrated on the sensations being caused by Terri's tongue. 
She knew what was in store for the newcomer, and desperately wanted the
blonde's tongue to get her off before it began.  By alternately
shifting her ass around and pulling Terri by the hair to guide her,
April was able to direct her cuntlicker to all the right spots and was
rewarded by a delicious orgasm.

Then Amazon shifted her position slightly behind Terri.  Knowing what
was next, April grabbed Terri's blonde head and forced the girl's head
into her crotch, smothering Terri's screams as the amazon sank her
entire fist into the slut's ass...

end of 15

92

The END




                               Second Place Chapter 16

"A Day At The Beach"
--------------------

"Are you guys having a good time?" Danielle inquired, looking up from her
book.

The two guys grinned.  "Yes..." the first guy, Daniel from Accounting,
sighed.  Of course, this wasn't the first of Danielle's "events" which
Daniel had attended.

"Yeah...it was a great idea to have a company beach party..." agreed his pal
from the sales department.  All the while, neither man took his eyes off of
the volleyball game which was in progress just a few feet away.

The sight was almost comical.  On one team, there were ten players.  On the
other side of the net stood Terri, the company slut, alone.

As they watched, Terri desperately raced to save a ball which had gone at
least ten feet over her head.  As she ran, one of her gargantuan silicone
boobs popped out of her bikini for the tenth time.  She dove for the ball,
but missed it entirely.

In embarrassment, the blonde stuffed her breast back into the too-small
bikini top, although she knew that it was no use.  With her breast
enhancement, Terri was a 36-triple D.  The string bikini top she was
wearing, was one of Danielle's old ones--a 34-B.  (Before the company party,
Terri had begged Danielle for the "privilege" of wearing the swimsuit.)

The young office slut realized that her fate was inevitable.  Danielle had
made the rules for the volleyball game quite clear.  The first team to 15
points would be the winner.  The loser would have to service the winners
(Danielle had strongly emphasized the plural here, as Terri had stood there
falling out of her swimsuit, fake bimbo smile painted on her face as usual).
  There were no "out of bounds" lines on Terri's side of the net.  In other
words, the postgame agenda would consist of Terri being used and abused by
ten men.  And they were well on the way to this goal...the men led by a 7-1
score.

FOOF!!!!  Terri's wallowing in self-pity was abruptly interrupted by the
volleyball smacking into her face...another point against Terri.

"Ummmm...sorry...." The apology came from the guy who had hit the ball to
her.  Mark, she believed his name was.  A new guy at the company, who
obviously hadn't yet been taught that Terri the company whore existed solely
for the pleasure of others, and that there was no need to meekly apologize
for humiliating the hell out of her.  Even now, as Terri watched bitterly,
several of Mark's more seasoned co-workers were pointing these facts to him.

As she bent over to retrieve the ball (taking care to bend at the waist,
always at the waist, in accordance with Danielle's "rules") her boob again
popped out of her top.  Without bothering to put it back in, she scooped up
the ball and sent it back over the net....where it struck Mark on the head.

Mark didn't even notice--he was busy staring at Terri's chest.  This was
unbelievable! he thought to himself.  At my last company, some guy got fired
just for looking at a female secretary for too long...but...this is
UNREAL!!!!

On the other side of the net, Terri was thinking to herself as well.
Getting set for the next volley, she deliberately didn't tuck her breast
back into her bikini.  And when the ball came over the net, she hit it back
in Mark's direction.  Again, she caught him in the middle of a daydream and
the ball ricocheted harmlessly off his shoulder.

Terri's turn to serve...still she left herself exposed.  She surveyed the
other team, searching for an opponent who was busy drooling over her tit
meat instead of concentrating on the game.  This wasn't hard to find, as
practically the entire guys' team couldn't tear their eyes off Terri's
triple D chest.  And the young blonde slut took advantage, easily scoring a
point.

Terri scored five consecutive points, and was even foolishly beginning to
hope that she might manage to avoid a gang-rape, before Danielle realized
what was going on.  She stood.

"Terri...come here," she demanded sternly.

Trembling, Terri walked over to Danielle, who swept her gaze over the blonde
pet's chest.

"Terri, Terri, Terri.  There's just no depth to which you won't sink, is
there?  Look at how you'll use your body to get what you want.  No different
from a two-bit whore."

Terri kept silent.

"I, personally, don't think it's fair.  Showing off those beauties just to
distract the other team."  Danielle was practically bubbling with mirth.
This was a very bad sign for Terri.  "I don't think it's very fair...do
you?"

Terri honestly didn't think it was any less fair than ten against one.  But
she simply shook her head.

Danielle was grinning wickedly.  "Well...then we need to do something to
even up the odds, don't we??  We wouldn't want Terri to have an unfair
advantage, now would we?"  In Daniellespeak, this translated to Terri as "we
need to do something to make this astronomically unfair and hopeless for our
dumb blonde bimbo, don't we?" and "We wouldn't want Terri to have even a
slim chance of avoiding being abused and humiliated, would we?"

Then Danielle told Terri what was expected of her.  Resigned to her fate,
eyes downcast, boobs hanging out of her bikini top (Danielle had graciously
pulled the other one out), Terri picked up the ball with one hand.

Per Danielle's instructions, she slipped her other hand beneath the fabric
of her swimsuit and began playing with her cunt.

Terri's serve bounced harmlessly into the net.  With it, a golden
opportunity was wasted, as all ten of her opponents were focused upon the
scantily clad, bare breasted blonde frigging herself.

"Faster," Danielle whispered from behind her.  Terri methodically finger
fucked herself as all the players watched.

Finally one of the guys managed to put his tongue back in his mouth long
enough to serve the volleyball.  Terri tried to backpedal to meet the ball,
but it was just too awkward, given what she was doing with her other hand.
She stumbled, managing only to deflect the ball backward, thus giving up a
point.

"Faster....harder!" Danielle insisted from somewhere behind her.  The
hapless blonde increased her tempo accordingly.  The other team had
collected the ball and now served it to Terri, who flailed desperately at
it.  She missed badly....

"Make yourself cum..."  Her boss' instructions left no margin for doubt.
And Terri knew from past experience that Danielle would accept no
imitations.  She began rubbing her clit in a circular motion with her thumb,
while two fingers slid in and out of her cunt.  Eager to follow Danielle's
instructions, she concentrated on blocking out everything and everyone
around her.  Furiously she fingered herself.  The volleyball game was
completely forgotten as the men watched the blonde masturbating.

It was difficult to get aroused in the midst of such a degrading,
humiliating situation, but Terri had become an expert at doing just that.
Her fingers were able to find and stimulate just the right spots.
"Mmmmmmmm..." the blonde sighed as she fell to her knees.  "Ohhhhhhhhh..."
She threw her head back as she peaked. "OhhhhhhhhGAWWWWWWD....
OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH... MMMMMMFF!" Terri was abruptly cut off in mid-scream by a
7" cock being jammed into her open mouth.  Then she felt hands all over her
body....on her breasts, on her legs, fingering her pussy.  The strong hands
picked her up and laid her down on the sand... then the long procession of
hard cocks began taking turns with her mouth, pussy and ass... tears of
shame pouring down her face as she orgasmed again and again.





                               Second Place Chapter 17


"Is your presentation ready this time, Terri?"  Danielle asked.  The young 
brunette executive was seated at the conference room table along with 
Jeanie, Daniel, Carrie, Scott, Angela and numerous other company employees.

"Y-yes...your....your....s-spokes-slut is r-ready, ma'am...." Terri 
stammered uncomfortably.  Danielle congratulated herself again on her clever 
invention of the term "spokes-slut".

"Good.  I just wanted to be sure that you didn't come here unprepared, and 
waste our time like you did yesterday."  Danielle emphasized that last word, 
not wanting her blonde toy to forget.

It had been a simple assignment, really, Danielle thought to herself.  
Analyze one of the company's key resources, and identify ways in which it 
could be utilized more efficiently.  The kind of assignment which would 
normally be handled easily by an intern, with a few days or so of research.

And, considering that Terri's body was the resource in question....well, no 
research should have even been necessary!

The girl had not even bothered to prepare a presentation of any kind.  No 
visual aids...no props...nothing.  Just a simple sentence:  "I can b-be more 
efficient....b-b-by...b-by...l-letting....more p-people f-f-fuck me...."

To which everyone present had roared with laughter.  "Terri," Danielle had 
asked, wiping her eyes, "are you under the impression that everyone here 
fucks you because you LET them?"  That had set everyone off into more gales 
of laughter.  "They fuck you because *I* let them!"  The blonde had burst 
into tears and stared at her shoes.  "Now....I can see you didn't put any 
time or energy into this assignment.  I'm going to explain to you again what 
I expect."

And so Danielle had carefully explained it again to the hapless blonde, as 
Scott had reamed her unlubricated asshole in the middle of the conference 
table.  (Scott's wife Angela had added to Terri's suffering by whipping her 
back with a belt.)

Terri had then repeated the objectives back to her boss--between incoherent 
screams and shrieks of agony.  Carrie had volunteered for next dibs on the 
abused blonde's ass, this time with a strap-on dildo.  It wouldn't have been 
so bad, except that Danielle had first covered the dildo with Ben-Gay.  
Terri had felt like her asshole was on fire.

Now, the blonde beauty stood alone at the front of the conference room, all 
eyes upon her.  Only the podium partially concealed her.  Because of her 
failure yesterday, her privilege of making the presentation in clothes had 
been revoked.  She now was clad only in a pink demi bra (about three sizes 
too small for her 36-DDD melons), a matching pink thong and a pair of black 
6" pumps.

Danielle nodded.  "Begin, Terri...."

"Ummmm...." Terri tried to begin.

Her boss held up a hand.  "Hold up a minute, Terri." Getting up, she walked 
over to her slave and moved the podium out of the way.  After all, it just 
wouldn't do to have the presentation's main prop hidden!  "Now.  Do go on."

"Ummmm...."  was all the red-faced, humiliated blonde could say.

"Dear, would it help if we made you get undressed the rest of the way?"

That got Terri going a little.  "A-as....as, um....as the c-company...the 
company....s-s-slut....umm....."  She took a deep breath, knowing that the 
only way to get through this was....well, to get through it.  "As the 
c-company slut...I....s-sh-should....."  She was breaking down.  "I n-need 
to.... as.... as....."  Now she broke down completely, bursting into giant 
sobs.  "Ohhhhh PLEEEEEEEASE.... Danielle.... PLEASE!!!!!!!!"

Unabated, the wicked brunette ordered, "Continue, Terri. Or have you again 
forgotten the presentation fundamentals we talked about yesterday?"  Again, 
Terri's cruel rival emphasized the word "yesterday".

Collecting herself a little bit--just tell yourself it's a normal 
presentation, and you're talking about improving some inanimate piece of 
machinery--Terri continued.  "M-my JOB...is to service...the men...and 
women..."

Danielle interrupted.  "I have a question for our spokes-slut."

"Y-yes, Danielle....ma'am....?"

"First of all, take off your top."

Terri silently pleaded.  She looked at everyone seated in the conference 
room, searching for mercy.  She found none.  So she slowly reached behind 
her back with trembling hands to undo the clasps of her bra.  Her eyes met 
Danielle's, imploring the wicked brunette to put a stop to this.

"Oh Christ, Terri....it's not like all of us haven't seen everything you've 
got, hundreds of separate times.  DO IT!" she demanded.

Terri's hands fumbled some more, then the lacy bra finally fell to the 
floor.  All eyes were now on the blonde's huge, bare tits.

"Play with them, Terri.  Pick them up and lift them to your mouth....now 
lick your nipples....tease them with your tongue...."

Terri obeyed, hefting her ample jugs up as her tongue darted out to flick at 
her nipples.

"Now, where were we?" Danielle was getting wet from watching the other 
woman's humiliation.  "Oh...yes.  My question.  Terri, how many men can you 
take on at once?"

Not looking up from her tit licking, Terri answered, "S-s-six."

"Elaborate."

"One in my mouth....one b-b-between my tits..."

Danielle put her hand up, interrupting again.  This time to demand that 
Terri use the proper adjectives to describe her body.

Focusing on the telephone on the conference table, Terri began again.  "I 
can take one....i-in my slut mouth...."

"'One' what?" Danielle demanded.

"One c-cock in my slut mouth...."

"I can't hear you," persisted Danielle.  "And *look* at your audience, 
Terri."

"One in my...ummmm.... one cock in my s-slut mouth.... one between my.... my 
big firm fake b-boobs.... one i-in my wet... pussy..." Terri paused and 
tried to hold back the sobs.  "One... getting j-j-jerked off.... in e-each 
h-h-hand..."  Terri closed her eyes, as she came to the part which always 
humiliated her most.  "A-and...one in t-this wh-wh-whores a-ass."

Danielle was loving it.  She got up and stood next to the sobbing, 
humiliated blonde.  "Yes, you're quite efficient with multiple partners."  
There was a murmur of general agreement from around the table.  "But let's 
concentrate on ways to improve."  Pausing, she continued.  "Those of you 
with cups, glasses or paperwork on the table, please remove them now.  We 
will need lots of room for the visual aids" Danielle emphasized these two 
words, practically hissing them at the blonde, "during this next part of the 
presentation."  Terri, who had quieted down considerably, broke into fresh 
sobs until Danielle reached over and slapped her.

Terri was directed to the conference room table.  Hesitantly she climbed 
onto the table, "assuming the position" on her hands and knees.

Going to her briefcase, Danielle removed two dildos.  Presenting them to the 
blonde slut, she ordered, "put them in."

Terri obediently pulled the material of her thong aside, slipping one dildo 
into her cunt and the other into her ass.  Danielle then brought out two 
more dildos.

"Put these in as well."

Terri looked shocked.  "H-how?"

"Put them in right next to the others.  DO IT."

Terri knew that pleading was useless.  So she took one of the dildos and 
began working it into her cunt, alongside the one which was already buried 
to the hilt inside her.  She winced as her cunt stretched to accommodate the 
second toy.  Terri managed to take it in without too much excruciating pain, 
but she saw where this was headed.  As Danielle gestured toward the other 
dildo, Terri again begged for mercy...and got none.

"Put it in, Terri."

Terri tried, but the other toy was too tight a fit in her ass.  She sighed 
with relief... even Danielle, after all, couldn't make her do the 
impossible!  Terri looked at her boss for further instructions.

"What are you looking at me for?" Danielle asked haughtily.  "Get that toy 
in your ass."

"But...but...Danielle, there's no way it will f-"

Danielle whispered, "Would you like to have it done for you?"

"Ma'am...please it WON'T FIT!!!  There's no way..."

Danielle ignored the pleading slut, and appealed to Carrie instead.  "Would 
you care to assist me?"

"Mmmmmm LOVE to..." the redhead responded, taking the dildo from Terri's 
hand.  Danielle, meanwhile, shoved the secretary down onto the table and 
roughly extracted the other dildo from Terri's ass.

"Now...together..." Danielle indicated to Carrie.  They placed the tips of 
the toys at the entrance to Terri's ass, both applying pressure at the same 
time until the tip of each dildo was penetrating the office girl.  "Good.... 
now, don't let up, or it will pop out..."  Terri's muscles were 
involuntarily tightening, trying to expel these twin invaders.  "Now... with 
me... push...."

"OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!" Terri shrieked as each fake cock sank into her ass, 
past the tips, and buried a good three inches deep... "OHHHHHHHHH ohhhhhhhh 
please GET THEM OUT PLEASE..."  The blonde was thrashing about on the 
conference table, trying to dislodge the toys despite the punishment which 
she knew would occur if she did so.  Her face was bathed with sweat.

"OK, dear," Danielle ignored Terri's pleas and addressed Carrie instead.  
"Now... get both hands on it..."  She showed the pretty redhead how to 
firmly grasp the dildo... "So, how's your husband?"  As she asked the 
question, Danielle eyed Terri, taking delight in her shame and hurt.

"He's doing great.  We're *very* happy together!"

"I'm not surprised, with a nice cock like Steven has..." Danielle mused.

"Yeah," sighed Carrie. "He fucked me with it for FOUR HOURS straight last 
night!"  Their entire conversation, of course, was for Terri's benefit as 
they taunted her about the husband they'd taken away from her.

"My goodness.  Amazing what kind of effect a *real woman* can have on a 
guy!"  Danielle turned her attention back to the matter at hand.  "Now, we 
take turns.  You push yours in..."

"AAAAAAAAAGGGGGHHHH!!!!!" Terri moaned as the toy buried itself deep in her 
bowels.

"Good.  Now...my turn to push... you bring yours out...but not all the way 
out!!!"  As Carrie's dildo eased out of Terri's ass, Danielle pushed hers 
in.  "Someone hold her hands please..."  Deliriously, the secretary's hands 
were reaching back, trying to grab the toys and pull them out as she 
shrieked incoherently.  "Now, you again... that's it..."

In synchronization, the girls took turns burying their dildos in Terri's 
ass.

"Mmmmm VERY nice..." Carrie sighed.

"Just like the pistons in an automobile engine..." Danielle agreed.  "But 
now, that this slut's ass is loosened up... it's time to go all the way!"  
She brought her dildo out to match Carrie's...about three inches deep in 
Terri's ass.  "On 'three'....ONE...."

"Danielle...PLEASE..."  Terri whimpered.  "Can't take it... it'll tear me 
apart..."

"TWO..."

"OhgodPLEASE... Danielle I'm sorry for everything I've EVER done to you... 
PLEASE I'LL DO ANYTHING PLEASE DON'T...."

Danielle paused.  It had been a while since the slut had acknowledged all 
the wrong she'd ever done to Danielle.  Which was, after all, the entire 
reason why the young executive had made it her mission to destroy Terri's 
life.

She shrugged.  "THREE!!!!"  Carrie and Danielle both pushed with all their 
might.

"OH GOD AAAAAAAAAGGGGHHHHHHH...." Terri thrashed helplessly as several of 
the men held her firmly in place.  "OH PLEASE UHHHHH  OUT PLEASE GET THEM 
OUT....."

"Hold her legs," Danielle ordered a few more of the men.

She gestured to Terri.  Face-down on the conference room table, the girl was 
bathed in sweat.  "As you can see," Danielle grasped the twin dildos which 
protruded obscenely from the blonde's ass, "it's possible to maximize the 
efficiency of our slut.  However, most of you men are probably a bit 
squeamish about putting your cocks into a hole next to another cock..."  
Terri actually appeared relieved.  "But, it's still fun to see what our slut 
is capable of..."

Danielle pulled the fake cocks out of Terri, one by one, and set them in 
front of the office girl.  As her hands were released, she didn't even need 
to be told to take them in her mouth and begin cleaning them off.

She did, however, need to be reminded to make eye contact with her audience 
as she did so.  Danielle made a mental note to schedule more of these events 
for Terri, to help the girl with her presentation skills....





                               Second Place
                               Final Chapter

Danielle hurried toward the conference room, her heart beating excitedly.  
The CEO's of several prominent local corporations were already present.  If 
this merger went through, she'd be rich enough to retire!

The young executive was running a little behind, because she had just 
finished getting serviced by Terri in the company restroom.  The blonde had 
licked her off exceptionally well this morning, Danielle pondered.  No doubt 
the little slut was hoping that when the merger went through, Danielle would 
have so much wealth and glory that she wouldn't even need to bother with 
tormenting and exploiting her blonde slave anymore.

Which was fine with Danielle--oh, yes! the wicked brunette thought 
contentedly.  She loved it when the little whore had hope, as Danielle found 
it so much fun to rip Terri's hope away, time after time.  Actually, 
Danielle had been extremely busy lately, sometimes even too busy to torture 
Terri.  There were, of course, the holidays, and all the shopping...plus the 
business, which had been booming since Danielle's promotion.  Plus, Danielle 
had been extremely tired lately.  Sometimes she'd wake up in the morning, 
and feel like she hadn't even slept.  Days like these, she wished she could 
just stay in bed and have the hapless blonde slut wait on her hand and foot 
(and cunt, and ass...)

But, Danielle reminded herself, if this meeting went as planned, she'd be 
rich beyond her wildest dreams.  An hour and a half of hard selling, and 
she'd have an entire lifetime to continue her vendetta of torture and 
humiliation of Terri.

Speaking of whom, Danielle noticed, Terri was already scurrying mousily 
around the conference room, setting up visual aids.  After bringing her boss 
off with her talented tongue, the buxom secretary had been sent to finish 
the conference setup, while Danielle laid contentedly sprawled out on the 
washroom sink.

Entering the conference room, Danielle was appalled to see that many of the 
visual aids were still not set up.  DAMN that bitch!  She was dragging ass 
on purpose, the executive cursed.  Terri was moving very timidly around the 
gathered executives.  Oh, come on, slut, Danielle wanted to scream, you've 
FUCKED just about everyone in this room, why the fuck are you shy now?

Instead, Danielle grabbed her assistant's shoulder.  "You're going to pay 
for this, you bitch.  Did you at LEAST get the slide projector in place and 
loaded?"

Fearfully, Terri nodded that she had, glancing up to the projector booth.  
"S-s-sorry, ma'am...here, I'll..." The blonde grabbed a stack of charts, but 
Danielle pulled her away by the arm.  This resulted in Terri dropping the 
charts all over the floor.

Danielle's voice was a deadly whisper, a whisper that promised intense pain 
and extreme humiliation and torment for later.  "Get out of here, you clumsy 
bitch.  Go wait in my office.  I believe you know what to do when you get 
there."

"Y-yes I--"

"GO."

As Terri hurried to get out of her boss' sight, Danielle addressed the 
gathered executives with an apologetic smile. "Sorry, ladies and gentlemen.  
Some minor holdups.  We'll be ready to begin here in just a few moments..."  
Inwardly, however, she was furious with Terri.  The dumb blonde couldn't 
even follow the simplest instructions!  With a conscious effort, Danielle 
set to push her blonde slut secretary out of her mind.  She'd deal with the 
little whore later.  For now, she had a deal to close, and a fortune to 
make, so she set about collecting the dropped charts and putting everything 
in order.

Show time.  Danielle gathered herself and stepped to the podium.  
Momentarily, she suddenly recalled the time she'd made Terri stand behind 
this podium in her lacy underwear, in front of the company staff, giving a 
presentation on how she, the company slut, could be used more 
effectively....  The brunette exec savored the thought for a moment, using 
it to relax herself.  People with a fear of speaking are often advised to 
stop and picture everyone in their audience in their underwear; for 
Danielle, what worked best was to picture her hapless slut assistant in her 
underwear, being abused and humiliated.  With this, she began.
------------
In Danielle's office, Terri stripped nude, then retrieved the "second place" 
ribbon and affixed it to her pierced nipple.
------------
"Our companies have been doing business for the past four years.  Now," 
Danielle looked over her audience, "it's time to take our business 
relationship to another level..."
------------
The blonde slid the "Bobby" dildo into her mouth to lubricate it, then eased 
it into her ass....
------------
"...we've prepared a presentation which will demonstrate where we are 
now...and where we will be within a year after the merger..."
------------
Terri hurriedly made a few calls and completed a few tasks.
------------
Danielle grabbed the remote control and clicked the power button.  In the 
control booth, the slide projector powered up and displayed a graphic with a 
series of charts.  "As you can see here, we started out with a customer base 
of less than ten percent--"  she clicked the remote "--but within six 
months--"

Almost collectively, everyone gathered at the conference table gasped.  "--a 
dramatic increase!  This continued, as you can see..."  Danielle glanced up 
at the screen....

------------
With all of her chores complete, Terri turned up the volume on the 
speakerphone, which currently was on a two-way connection to the conference 
room.  Then she assumed her place under Danielle's desk, frigging herself 
with the dildo while she listened.
------------

....and at first, her brain did not register what she saw there.  "...into 
the next quarter when...when...continued into the next....next..." Now it 
registered.  On the screen was a slide of a woman who was unmistakably 
Danielle.  The shocking part wasn't that she was completely naked...the 
shocking part was the fact that she was in some kind of bar, being fucked by 
a donkey.

Danielle gasped in utter disbelief.  She'd never done such a thing! she 
thought confusedly. Someone must have altered a picture--TERRI....the LITTLE 
BITCH... She clicked the "off" button on the slide remote.  It didn't work.

"Um...um....this all continued into the next quarter...."  She tried other 
buttons, growing more and more desperate.  Finally she succeeded in 
advancing the projector from that awful doctored slide...only to have 
another take its place.  Now Danielle in the picture was smiling directly 
into the camera, as the huge animal mounted her from behind.  (click) 
Another picture, Danielle this time surrounded by men, or more specifically, 
by hard cocks...

"No...wait a minute...um...we have some....um...technical problems..."  
Clicking the remote in desperation, only to bring up another picture, this 
one nearly the same, except that the girl in the picture had finished off 
all of the men, the evidence of which was dripping down her face and all 
over her naked body, as she lay there with a stoned, vacant expression on 
her face.

Fighting to control her embarrassment, rage and sense of overall panic, 
Danielle forced herself to think.  Of course! she thought.  The control 
panel on the podium!  Quickly she knelt down and opened the control box.  
INPUT, she saw, and a toggle switch between SLIDE PROJ. and VIDEO.  She 
flipped it, and the awful image on the screen went away, replaced by a blue 
screen, blank except for the word VIDEO in large, friendly green letters.

Slowly she rose to look at the attendees of her meeting, who were sitting in 
stunned silence.  "Um--"  Danielle cleared her throat.  "L-ladies and 
gentlemen, it looks like someone has played a...a very bad joke on me, 
and...and tried to sabotage our meeting."  Looks of understanding were now 
dawning on a few faces.  Good...this is good, Danielle, she thought.  "I 
have to excuse myself for a moment.  Please remain seated...and I'll be 
right back."  After I throw my assistant out the window, she thought to 
herself as she left the podium in a murderous rage.

She only got three steps before she was stopped in her tracks by the sound 
of her own voice.

"Oh yes, EAT ME you little slut!  I always knew you were a little closet 
lesbian, like me, YES!!!  I know you want it, dive right in and eat me!!!  
OHHHHHHH YES EAT ME!!!!!!"  The blue screen had been replaced with a 
homemade video movie, which had been made by Danielle and Carrie.  Danielle 
had finally gotten Carrie to give in to her "secret desires", as she called 
them, and the girls had spent the whole night together.  The brunette had 
videotaped the whole thing....and now it was being played for the CEOs of 
every one of her prospective business partners.

"Oh..." a gasp from the female CFO of the biggest insurance firm in North 
America.  "Disgusting," agreed the chairman of the city's leading financial 
institution.  Everyone else was silent.  Danielle's hands moved, 
incoherently gesturing, standing there in her $800 business suit.  Her mouth 
moved, but no words would come out.  Her counterpart on the big video 
screen, on the other hand, was having no such difficulty.  She was 
explaining to her redheaded lover, in explicit detail, exactly what she 
planned to do with the large silver vibrator she was now alternately rubbing 
on her nipples and slipping into her mouth.  Carrie moaned her contentment 
as she lapped away at her friend's pussy.

"Well."  One of the CEO's spoke with a tone of finality.  Danielle didn't 
even see which one it was.  Nor did she care, as she stood in the middle of 
the room, red-faced with rage, embarrassment and hysteria.  With great 
effort, she brought her shaking fists to her sides and hurried from the 
room, as the Danielle on the screen queried her lesbian lover, would she 
like a tongue or a vibrator on her swollen dyke slut clit first?

"TERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRIIIIIIIIIIIIII!!!!!!" she shrieked as 
she ran toward her office to find the bitch.

------------------
 From her place under Danielle's desk, Terri had heard everything.  Through 
it all, she'd been furiously pumping the dildo in and out of her ass, while 
at the same time servicing her soaking wet cunt with three fingers.  When it 
had all started to fall apart for Danielle, the submissive blonde had felt 
the pulsing from deep within her pussy, and when Danielle had screamed her 
name in rage (heard both on the speakerphone and down the hallway), Terri 
had cum more violently than she ever had in her entire life.
------------------

Danielle stormed into her office.  "WHERE ARE YOU, BITCH???"  she bellowed?  
Silence answered her.

Of course...the little blonde cunt had fled the building.  Oh, well, 
Danielle thought grimly, she'll be a fugitive from the law by tonight 
anyway.

"I'll fix you, you little bitch," Danielle remarked to the empty air.  Then 
she sat down at her desk and retrieved her rolodex, looking for the name of 
a police officer she knew.   It was then that she got another shock.

The rolodex was empty.

Well, not entirely empty.  A stack of bundled cards with a post-it note was 
the only thing in there with any writing, wedged between the unused XYZ 
cards.  Shaking, Danielle read it.

"Your Christmas cards are all sent out, so you won't need the rolodex 
anymore! I used the trick you taught me last year! (Danielle's blood ran 
cold, as she recalled the photos of Terri in humiliating, depraved 
situations, which she had sent to the blonde's entire family last year)  I 
thought you might like a few extra copies so here they are!  Isn't it GREAT 
to be second place again, sweetums?  Love, Terri"

"No...." Danielle whispered, now as white as a ghost.  Tearing at the bundle 
of cards....cringing in utter horror as she looked at them...

Card #1, addressed to Danielle's parents: Another picture of Danielle with 
the donkey.  The caption, in neat calligraphy: "This gives 'getting some 
ass' a whole new meaning!  Love, your daughter Danielle."

Card #2, addressed to the CEO of one of Danielle's would-be business 
partners: A picture of Danielle getting her cunt eaten out by Carrie.  The 
caption: "Too bad you can't get me off like this, you senile old bastard! 
Looking forward to taking more of your company's money in the new year!  By 
the way, I really enjoyed embezzling that $21,000 from you in the Mercedes 
deal!  Best regards, your favorite sales lady, Danielle..."

Card #3, to Danielle's sister: Danielle having doggystyle sex with a 
teenaged boy.  The caption:  "Meet my new man.  In two years, he'll even be 
old enough to vote!  Love, sis."

"No.  NO!!!!!" the wicked brunette repeated.  She'd never seen the boy 
before...nor the donkey... "No...these are fake...th--"  A memory suddenly 
popped into Danielle's mind.  Last week, finishing up dinner, as her blonde 
bimbo servant scurried about, cleaning up the table...Terri stealing a 
suspicious number of furtive glances as Danielle drank her glass of wine...

And Danielle, try as she might, UNABLE TO REMEMBER ANYTHING between then and 
the next morning...assuming at the time that she'd just been extra tired.  
Now, realizing the truth...

"You drugged me," the executive whispered, not without awe.

Then came Danielle's biggest surprise of all, as she felt her skirt being 
hiked up, her panties pulled down...and her slave's tongue finding its mark 
on her clit, as it had so many times in the past year and a half.

This time was different, though.  This time, the blonde was pouring 
everything she had into this lesbian tongue fucking she was giving her boss.

As Terri deftly assaulted her mistress' clit, Danielle lost all of her 
remaining motor skills, slumping back in her chair and shivering 
uncontrollably.

Then the blonde shoved Danielle's chair away from her.  The young 
executive's eyes opened wide, and she gasped at the sudden loss of the 
wonderful sensation Terri's tongue had been giving her.  Then Terri pulled 
the dildo from her own ass and stuffed it in Danielle's gaping mouth.  
Danielle gagged and tried to fight her off, but her assistant fought 
relentlessly; at one point, Danielle's chair toppled over backwards onto the 
floor, and the evil brunette's head spun momentarily as her slave fought to 
keep the dildo firmly buried in her mouth.

My god, she means to choke me to death, Danielle thought desperately.  But 
then came Terri's words:

"Suck it clean, you bitch..."

A wide-eyed Danielle shook her head NO.  Terri buried the awful-tasting toy 
even further in Danielle's mouth, the tip was brushing against the back of 
her throat and bringing her dangerously close to gagging.  "MMMM HMMMMM" 
Danielle moaned frantically.

Terri let the dildo out an inch or two.  Her tormenter gratefully began 
sucking it clean.

"Does my ass taste good, bitch?" Terri taunted her.

Danielle merely nodded her head.  Once this slut got off of her, she'd pick 
up the phone, call the police, and young Terri would spend the best years of 
her life being used as a lezzie sex toy in a women's prison upstate.  As she 
slurped away at the foul dildo, Danielle reflected that Terri would probably 
be tasting worse--MUCH worse--on a daily basis for the rest of her life.

Then her attacker suddenly got off of her.  Danielle saw why, as she spit 
the dildo out and leaned over, repeatedly expectorating in a futile attempt 
to rid her mouth of the awful taste.  Scott, Angela and several of Terri's 
key tormentors of the past year and a half had showed up on the scene.  They 
were all standing in the middle of Danielle's office, not quite sure what to 
make of the scene before them.  Terri was standing by herself, completely 
naked except for a "Second Place" ribbon pinned to her nipple, warily eyeing 
them and Danielle.

Summoning herself, Danielle spat at the newcomers.  "What are you waiting 
for.  Grab her and take her into the storage room.  We're going to have some 
fun with her before we send her to jail."

Scott moved toward Terri, who raised a hand, calling attention to her extra 
long, sharp nails.  "Come near me and I'll claw your eyes out, bastard."

Scott stopped in his tracks, seeing the intensity in Terri's burning stare.  
He'd dominated and owned Terri hundreds of times in the past...but that was 
a Terri who had been submissive, and had been instructed to do anything and 
everything she was told.  This Terri was obviously one that Danielle had 
completely lost control of.  A Terri who spent four days a week at the 
health club, not only serving as eye-candy and a fuck-toy, but also keeping 
her body well-toned, lean, and in outstanding physical shape.  A Terri that 
Scott was not sure he wanted to mess with any longer.

Danielle had now composed herself.  "Terri...you're coming with me," she 
intoned, barely keeping her rage in check.  "First you're going to apologize 
to everyone in that meeting, then you're coming home to apologize to ME.  
Then I'll decide whether or not to have you thrown in jail for the rest of 
your natural life."

Terri didn't move.

"NOW, slut.  Or I'll call the cops, I swear I will..."

The blonde still stood her ground proudly, defiantly.  More so than she had 
ever been for the past year and a half.

"Do I need to remind you," Danielle growled, "that all those illegal 
accounts are in YOUR name, and YOUR name only?  But....oh, fuck that...the 
drugs, Terri?  I've had enough stashed in your car to put you away for 20 
years.  Oh, I know, you THINK you found it all and threw it down the sewer.  
By the way, you're going to be turning a lot of tricks to reimburse me for 
THAT.  Drugs...money laundering... prostitution.  All those offshore bank 
accounts.  All tracing back to YOU.  Did you think I was bluffing when I 
told you I would ruin you if you fucked with me?"  Terri was now laughing 
softly.  This enraged Danielle.  "IS THIS---DO YOU FIND THIS FUNNY?  YOU 
LITTLE BIMBO WHORE????  DO YOU THINK THAT I WON'T CALL THE COPS AND HAVE 
YOUR LIFE RUINED????  I CAN MAKE UP ANY STORY I WANT TO!  I'M A RESPECTED 
PROFESSIONAL IN THIS CITY. YOU'RE THE COMPANY FUCKING WHORE!! WHO ARE THEY 
GOING TO BELIEVE?  I TRASHED YOUR SHITTY MARRIAGE AND I OWN YOUR LIFE!!!!  
YOU THINK THIS IS FUNNY???? I'M GOING TO CALL THEM, BITCH!!!!!"

Terri by now was openly giggling.  "You can call them, if you want to, 
Danielle..."

"MA'AM!!!!  YOU WERE...YOU WERE TOLD TO ALWAYS CALL ME MA'AM YOU SNIVELING 
LITTLE SLUT!!!!"

"Danielle, Danielle...Danielle..." the blonde practically sang...just to 
make the point.

"I'LL CALL THEM...DON'T THINK THAT I WON'T!!!"  Fumbling, she picked up the 
phone and began dialing.  "Hello?" she said confusedly as she realized she 
wasn't getting the familiar tone indicating that she had gotten an outside 
line.

"....but to get a line out, you have to take it off 'speakerphone'..." Terri 
finished helpfully.  "Unless..." the blonde was in tears, having not laughed 
this hard in over a year.  "...unless you...you want everybody in your 
precious meeting to overhear you...."

The evil brunette executive stared at the telephone's LCD display, and 
realized that her assistant was right.  Their whole exchange had been shared 
with the executives still gathered in the conference room.

Danielle blushed furiously, then went pale.  Her hands were shaking so badly 
that she had to stab half a dozen times with her finger to press the 
"disconnect" button on the phone.  Surprisingly, she asked "How could 
you....?".  Terri didn't dignify this with an answer.  All the while, Scott 
and his entourage stood there watching the soap opera unfold.

"Danielle...MA'AM...weren't you going to make a CALL???"  Terri's voice was 
100% pure dumb blonde bimbo.  "Your hands are shaking.  Would you like ME to 
dial for you?" she beamed.

"I'll do it, bitch," Danielle quavered, "and you will be sorry.  Oh, they're 
going to have so much fun with you in prison, Terri..."  Stubbornly, 
Danielle ignored the fact that she'd just confessed to the blackmail and 
extortion of Terri, with several witnesses.

"Promise me we'll take long, hot soapy showers together, honey," the blonde 
chirped happily.  "Since you'll be right there with me after they see these 
pictures of YOU...."  Terri pulled an envelope out of Danielle's bookcase 
and tossed it on her desk.  Pictures from the envelope cascaded all over the 
desk...pictures of Danielle in sexual positions with a young man.

"He's not a day over sixteen, in case you were wondering," Terri commented 
helpfully.  "Quite illegal in this state...."  Danielle's face was now 
absolutely green.  What else had she done while she was drugged?

"You drugged me, you fucking whore," Danielle cursed.  "It'll never stand 
up.  You'll go to jail for drugging me too!"

"Oh...I don't think so.  But, if you think so, dial the phone, Danielle."  
Terri was speaking in a whisper at this point.

"I'll get a good lawyer.  He'll exonerate me and then together we'll lock 
you up and throw away the key.  I'll even let him fuck you just for fun," 
Danielle threatened...but in reality she was scared badly by the way things 
were going.

"Lawyers cost money, sweetums!  And you have none!"

"What are--I have enough money to...."

"Oh," Terri exclaimed.  "I forgot to tell you.  Since all those accounts 
were in my name, I cashed them all in!"

"You."  Danielle was now on overload.  "You.  You.  BITCH!!!!!!!" she 
shrieked, charging at Terri.  The blonde sidestepped and grabbed a handful 
of Danielle's hair, bringing the woman around in a half circle and causing 
her to whack her knee on her desk with a resounding thud.  She wasn't fazed. 
  "Kill you...KILL YOU!!!!!!" she exclaimed and shoved Terri backward into 
the wall.  Terri bounced right back and jumped on her tormentor, clawing at 
her face and neck with her long, sharp red nails (which Danielle had made 
mandatory for Terri... a policy which she was now regretting).  Terri was 
now going for Danielle's eyes...angrily, the brunette grabbed Terri's wrist 
and bit it as hard as she could.  This disengaged Terri from making ground 
beef out of Danielle's face for the moment.  Another shove and Terri was was 
knocked on her bare ass, with Danielle following her down.

Terri began clawing at Danielle again, succeeding in ripping the woman's 
business blazer halfway off of her.  The brunette stopped fighting, and 
looked down at her semi-exposed breasts, snug in their white lace bra, 
peeking out of her ruined business suit.

"You bitch," she spat.  "This was four hundred dollars!"

"Don't worry," Terri panted.  "You won't need it for your next job," 
punctuating this with a vicious slap across the executive's face.

"UGGGGGHHHHHH!" Danielle shouted, and grabbed Terri's "second place" ribbon 
and pulled as hard as she could.  The blonde's obscenely huge breast 
stretched nearly a foot before the safety pin ripped through her pierced 
nipple and free.  This also sent Danielle careening backwards into her desk.

Terri howled as blood poured from her injured nipple.  No time to bleed, she 
thought, and jumped right back on her opponent.  The two women viciously 
continued scratching, clawing, biting and punching at each other.  Scott and 
his entourage stood frozen in their positions, seemingly waiting to see who 
was going to emerge on top.

And it didn't take long to resolve the issue.  Terri had been working out 
for four days a week for the past 18 months, a condition of her abuse by 
Danielle, to keep her body perfect for her use as a sex toy and call girl.  
Danielle had taken to lying around eating bon-bon's while her blonde slave 
waited on her.  Now she was paying for it, and was powerless to retaliate as 
Terri retrieved a pair of handcuffs from Danielle's drawer and cuffed her to 
the chair.

Terri caught her breath, then addressed her ex-tormentor.

"I have evidence of everything.  Blackmail...rape...extortion...everything, 
Danielle."  The blonde ripped a piece off of Danielle's suit and held it to 
her bleeding nipple.  "If I send them to the police, you'll be going away 
for a long time."

"What....what do you want?" Danielle croaked.  She could hardly bring 
herself to say the words.

Terri produced a small stack of papers.  "These are your shares in this 
company.  Sign them over to me."

"No...." Danielle protested.  "No...OOOOOOOOOOF!!!!" Terri punched her 
adversary squarely in the gut.

"Sign them NOW.  Or I will ruin you."

"You won't...."

Terri picked up the phone and dialed.  "Yes...I'd like to make a 
complaint....uh-huh.... yes.... um... blackmail.... rape... drug 
trafficking...yes, I can...."  Terri paused as she heard an unfamiliar 
sound.  It took a few seconds for her to identify it as Danielle sobbing, as 
she reached for a pen and began signing the paperwork.  Satisfied, Terri 
hung up the phone.

"You'll never get away with this," Danielle hissed.  "Scott...Angela...help 
me..."

Terri held her hand up.  "They don't work for you anymore, bitch..."  She 
indicated the paperwork.   "*I* now own the majority of the shares of this 
company."  As she set about bandaging her nipple, Danielle switched gears 
into her saleslady mode.

"This....this is absurd!"  The brunette appealed to her followers.  
"This...she forced me to sign...I d-did it under duress!  It won't hold up 
in court..."  But they were now looking at Danielle as if she were someone 
whom they no longer wanted anything to do with.  "PLEASE LISTEN!  Get me out 
of here..."  she rattled the handcuffs, "and we'll shred these papers 
up...then we'll shred Terri up--" the thought of feeding this blonde wench 
through the paper shredder, tits first, was a gratifying one 
"--we'll...it'll be like before!  I PROMISE YOU!!!  SCOTT!!!  GRAB THIS 
BITCH AND TIE HER UP...I SWEAR TO YOU I CAN FIX THIS!!!!  DO AS I SAY OR 
YOU'RE FIRED!"

"You have zero authority anymore, Danielle," Terri explained.  "You're just 
a second-place bimbo.  Besides...do you think they would really want to help 
someone who was planning to sell them out?"

Danielle turned white as a ghost.

"What do you mean?"  Angela asked suspiciously.

"Tell them, sweetums!" Terri prodded Danielle, who was shaking her head and 
looked as if she was about to be sick.  When no coherent answer was 
forthcoming, Terri gave one herself.  "Our dear little Danielle here was 
planning to sell off the company....and put you all on the street...."

"Please..."  Danielle whispered.

"Is it true?" Angela asked with disbelief.

"She's LYING!" Danielle insisted.  "Angela...are you going to take the word 
of the company whore????"

"Oh...don't take MY word for it," Terri offered, handing Angela a packet of 
papers.  On top was a single airline ticket out of the country (Danielle had 
explained to a petrified Terri that she would be riding in the baggage 
compartment, crammed into a wooden box.)  "Read for yourself..."

Danielle was ashen.  "Please, Terri...."

Angela read briefly, then her eyes narrowed and burned into Danielle.  "You 
little fucking CUNT.  I've devoted YEARS to this company."  She passed the 
incriminating documents on to her husband and her friends, who also looked 
at them in shock and anger.

Terri spoke up.  "You were nothing more than a stepping stone for Miss 
Executive here.  You...Scott...all of you."

"Well, NO MORE!  Bitch..." Angela took a very menacing step toward Danielle, 
who cowered in her chair.

"A-Angela...listen..."

The furious woman kept advancing on her former manager, until Terri raised 
her hand.  "Hold off for just a minute."

Angela wheeled on the company slut.  "Don't tell me what to do.  Who the 
fuck do you think YOU are?"

"Your boss," the nude blonde said matter-of-factly.  Angela realized it was 
true.

"Well...then I quit."  Scott and the others murmured their agreement.

"Oh, no need for that.  You were all fired anyway, the minute those shares 
were signed over," Terri assured them.  "But...how would you each like a 
*nice* separation bonus?  Like, $200,000 each?"

That got their full attention.

"Yeah, right.  She's trying to trick you," Danielle chattered, desperately 
trying to gain back any favor from her former employees.

Angela nodded her skepticism.  "Yeah...what's the catch?  Why would 
you....well...let us off after....after..."

"After you used me as a fuck-toy and raped and tormented me?" Terri finished 
the other woman's thought without a trace of anger in her voice.  Angela 
nodded, as her face actually reflected a tiny bit of shame.  "Well...I need 
your help, in dealing with the flat-chested wonder, here."  Terri slapped 
the back of the glowering Danielle's head.

"But...Terri...."

The blonde shook her head impatiently, as she gathered up her clothes and 
began dressing.  "Are you interested or not?"

Angela, Scott and the rest of the guys shared a glance at each other, and at 
the incriminating paperwork which Danielle had planned to fuck them over 
with.  One by one, they nodded.

"Good," Terri acknowledged.  "I just need you guys to keep Ms. Danielle busy 
here for a little while."  There was no question as to what the sexy blonde 
meant by "busy", as she retrieved Danielle's panties.  Wadding them up, she 
stuffed them in Danielle's mouth--"Don't you dare spit them out, bitch," she 
warned with a harsh slap--then secured Danielle's mouth shut with a strip of 
tape.  Finally, she undid the handcuffs and used them to cuff Danielle's 
hands behind her back.  Then Terri leaned down and whispered something to 
her ex-tormenter.  The brunette's eyes widened and she began emphatically 
protesting through her makeshift gag.

"You're with me," Terri ordered Angela.  "Grab that box over there."  On her 
way out, she nodded to Scott, Daniel and the rest of the men, who quickly 
undressed and descended upon the helpless Danielle.

Danielle thrashed frantically as each man took his turn with her.  Her 
desperate screams came out only as muffled moans...Terri had gagged her 
well.

Danielle was helpless.

Danielle was powerless.

Worst of all, Danielle was unable to warn the men that Terri had been 
replacing her birth control pills with fertility drugs for the past three 
months...

----------------

Trembling, with Angela at her side, Terri knocked at the door.  She almost 
hoped nobody was home.  But then she heard the sound of approaching 
footsteps from inside the house, and she took a deep breath as the door 
opened.

It was Steven.  "What do you want?  You're not supposed to be here and you 
know it."

"Steven, I need to tell you--"  Terri began.

Then the door opened a little more, as Steven was joined by his wife Carrie. 
  The redhead snaked her arm around her husband.  "Who is it, honey?"  Then 
she saw.  "YOU.  GET THE FUCK OUT OF OUR LIVES!  THERE'S A RESTRAINING ORDER 
AGAINST YOU, YOU PSYCHOTIC BITCH!"  She pulled at Steven.  "Honey, let's go 
call the police."

Terri ignored her.  "Steven...I have to tell you something.  It won't take 
long."

"There's nothing to be said.  Now please leave before we call the police."  
Steven's voice was cold...as if he had never known her.  As if they had 
never made love on the beach in Hawaii until sunrise...  Steven turned to 
walk away, with Carrie practically dragging him.

"Wait," Angela spoke up from beside Terri.  "Um...Steven, I think you might 
want to listen to what she has to say."

The redhead was now looking worried.  "What...what is this?  What's going 
on?"  She tugged at her husband.  "Steven...you don't...we...we don't have 
to listen to this!  Come on..."

But Steven was listening now.  Showtime, Terri thought to herself.

"Steven...you remember Danielle, don't you?"

--------
Epilogue 1: Pathways
--------

Danielle left town shortly after Turnabout Day.  Two weeks later, she 
rejected her breakfast.  Eight and a half months after that, she gave birth 
to four babies...fathered by three different men.

Oddly enough, Angela and Terri developed a sort of friendship after 
Turnabout Day.  It began right after Terri had explained everything to 
Steven, over the increasingly frantic protests of Carrie.  When Steven had 
stood there, looking back and forth between his ex-wife and his current 
wife, not knowing what to believe, Angela had piped in and acknowledged 
that, yes, everything Terri had said was true.  Carrie had lunged for 
Angela, who summarily knocked the redhead on her ass.  "I never liked that 
bitch much anyway," she'd confided as the unusual pair had walked away from 
the house, and from the intense shouting match going on there.

Steven threw Carrie out of the house and got a quick annulment.  Carrie 
lives by herself and spends most of her time either scheming to get "her" 
man back, or plotting her revenge.  So far, she hasn't quite been able to 
decide who should be the target--Terri, for wrecking her marriage, or 
Danielle, for allowing Terri to get the upper hand.

Over the ensuing several days, Terri and Steven had numerous heart to heart 
talks.  In the end, they mutually decided to move on, separately, with their 
lives.  They also mutually agreed that no matter what, Terri should keep the 
breasts.  The two also enjoyed a going-away tryst which is another hot, 
raunchy, cum-dripping story in itself.

---------
Epilogue 2
Terri

Terri sat at her desk, looking over the deals she'd closed.  A new Terri, a 
new job, on a new coast....same results.  The last contract, which she'd 
closed just ten minutes ago, had been an especially tough one.  The client 
had been undecided between Terri's firm and another rival company.  But the 
best part was Michelle.  Michelle was someone who'd quickly become a fierce 
rival of Terri's.  The two of them had battled for days over this 
contract...and Terri had come out on top.

You've still got it, she congratulated herself.

Terri had a number of things to do.  The contracts had to go over to 
Legal... not to mention the manpower requirements, which H.R. needed to know 
about immediately.  But, first things first.  Turning to her computer, the 
blonde opened a new e-mail memo.

  Dear Michelle:

  Burress Corp. is now mine. Did you really think that dress with the
  slit up the side would make any difference?  If that's the best you've
  got, then my tenure in this town is going to be long and prosperous!
  But anyway, congrats on being second pl

Terri frowned and stopped typing.  Then, she began tapping her [backspace] 
key.  Eventually, she held it down till she'd obliterated all but the 
salutation.  This done, she began typing again, very thoughtfully.

  I got Burress.  You gave me a good fight all the way...thanks!  A bit
  of real competition keeps a gal on her toes.

  Listen...I have a number of prospects whom we're not calling on at this
  point in time.  They're smaller companies who are out of our market, but
  at least some of them might be within yours.  I'll be happy to refer them
  to you.

  Let's discuss over dinner.  Winner buys!

  Terri

A new town...a new start.  Maybe even a new friend....or more, Terri 
thought.  That dress with the slit up the side had indeed been noticed... 
and not just by the executives at Burress Corp.

With a conscious effort, she pushed back the Michelle fantasies which were 
running rampant through her head.  Then, she turned back to her files.

"Fuck it," she said aloud after reading through one page.  "This'll wait 
till tomorrow."  The office was completely quiet.  Everyone else had gone 
home, Terri realized.

It had been a long day.  For now, Terri needed a nice, easy workout at the 
health club.  From her bottom drawer, she retrieved her workout attire and 
began to strip.  After her ordeal as Danielle's office slut, the blonde 
saleslady had no inhibitions against changing clothes in her office.  There 
were even some mornings when Terri came to work and felt the urge to get 
under her desk instead of behind it....

Today would be an easy workout, Terri told herself as she changed.  Twenty 
minutes on the stairmaster, then abs, topping off with a nice leisurely 
swim.  Followed by a quiet, relaxing evening....

----------------------

The janitor held his breath as the new senior sales partner began stripping 
off her clothes.  Taking care to ensure that she couldn't see him, he 
unzipped his fly as her lovely breasts came into view.  The new saleslady 
was a dead ringer for an actress in a porno movie which he had at home, and 
which he'd stroked off to hundreds of times.

As Terri bared her ass, the janitor gasped so loudly that he feared the girl 
must have heard him.  On her left asscheek was a large tattoo of a heart, 
with the name "Danielle" written in it.  The star of the porno movie had the 
SAME TATTOO...

My god, it's really her, he thought fleetingly as he shot his load all over 
the filing cabinet he was concealed behind.

As Terri dressed in her workout garb, the janitor adjusted his fly and crept 
away, smugly contemplating this new information he'd come across, and how he 
could use it to his advantage.  He wondered just what the woman would be 
willing to do to keep her secret from being exposed....

(The End)




                               Second Place

   OFFICE MEMO

   From: Manager of Operations
   To: All employees
   Copies to: Human Resources, Mailroom, Legal, Archives

   Subject: TERRI THE COMPANY SLUT

   Following are the job description and employee guidelines for Terri, my
lovely blonde assistant.

   1.  MISSION.  Terri is a slut.  Her sole purpose within our organization
is to fuck, suck and lick.  As employees, one of your fringe benefits is
the use and abuse of Terri, with the following conditions:

   (a) That Terri is not directly working on something for me, i.e. 
licking my wet bisexual cunt; selling her sweet ass in a hotel room of my
choice; handling official

   company business (Terri's carnal talents are frequently offered to
prospective clients as added incentive to close a deal); or otherwise making a
complete degraded slut out of herself for my enjoyment.

   (b) You must not permanently scar, disfigure, or otherwise damage our
slut.  In the case of accidental damage, report this to me at once.  Despite what
sweet little Terri may try to tell you, a larger than average cock reaming her tight
ass, though agonizing, is NOT considered to be permanently damaging.

   (c) Use of Terri by more than four people at any one time requires
special approval from my office.

   (d) Public humiliation of Terri, while welcome and encouraged, must be
carefully planned and coordinated.  Common sense applies, i.e.  putting a collar
and leash on dear Terri and making her walk around the office on hands and knees
would be a good idea; however doing the same at the local shopping mall probably would
not be advisable (though it would be fun to see!)

   Terri is required to upkeep herself physically.  She is required to work
out at a local fitness center.  Her workout regimen includes high-impact
aerobics, marathon cocksucking, treadmill, getting gang-banged,
stairmaster, pussy eating, swimming, high-energy masturbation, jogging, and
exercising of her vaginal and sphincter muscles.  Her workouts are to be
followed with a "protein shake".  Terri also is mandated to attend a
tanning salon, where she keeps her entire body a beautiful golden tan, in
accordance with the impromptu survey which was taken a few months ago "Ways
our Company Slut Can Improve Morale" (unfortunately "cloning", a rather
popular written-in response, is not feasible at this time.) During her time
in the tanning booth, our big-titted bimbo is required to work out her cunt
and ass with her collection of dildos and toys.

   Whenever her mouth is not busy sucking on a hard prick or buried in a
sweet, juicy cunt, Terri should be chewing at least two pieces of bubble
gum.  The purpose of this is twofold.  First, it helps to enhance the
stereotype of Terri as a typical blonde,airheaded, big-titted dumb office
bimbo.  Second, it serves to keep her jaws loose and worked out.  After
all, there is no telling what Terri's sweet mouth might be called upon to
accommodate and service, from one moment to the next, as employees of this
company can certainly attest to!

   Terri also needs assistance in keeping and maintaining her smooth, sexy
complexion.  Her secret is lots of jism, which she rubs all over her face,
neck, breasts, belly, bikini, thighs and legs.  As her coworkers, it is
your responsibility to assist her with this requirement whenever possible.

   In addition to upkeeping physically, our community fuck-hole must keep
herself mentally able to perform her duties.  She is required to spend her
free time watching X-rated films, reading adult magazines, and studying
adult pictures and stories on the internet so that she can constantly have
fresh ideas on how to best carry out her duties here and to provide top
notch service to us.  She is also required to regularly review our growing
library of videotapes of her past performances, so that she can identify
areas of potential improvement.  Finally, the Kama Sutra should be
considered by our slut to be her bible, and she should know it from cover
to cover.  Employees are urged to quiz this shameless vixen regularly,
rewarding her with a creamy mouthful of sperm for a correct answer, and
punishing her by making her go braless, her huge boobs flopping around
unrestrained in her dress or blouse, for an incorrect response.

   2.  GENERAL USE.  As your slut, Terri should never refuse to perform any
action, provided it does not meet one of the conditions described above in
section 1a through 1d.  ANY REFUSAL BY TERRI TO PERFORM HER DUTIES SHOULD
BE REPORTED TO ME IMMEDIATELY.  I would also welcome any input and
assistance as regards to punishment, for the purpose of correcting such
problems.

   Terri is available for use, subject to the same conditions set forth in
this document, during off-hours, weekends, and holidays.  With the
exception of spontaneous rolls in the hay with this shapely piece of ass,
please try to reserve Terri's after-hours services at least 72 hours in
advance whenever possible.  A calendar is maintained in my office for this
express purpose.  Please keep in mind that Terri moonlights as a call girl
four times a week, and is off-limits during these times, which are
indicated on the calendar.  An exception would be if you wish to purchase
this sexpot's professional services during this time.  (In which case you
would be a complete moron, since Terri's services are otherwise completely
free, as an employee benefit.  But, hey, everyone with the exception of
Terri is free to choose what makes them happy!!)

   Terri can be used to further the company's interests as well.  Account
managers seeking to add new clientele to our company might want to consider
using this delectable saucy blonde as a deal-closer.  An afternoon or
evening of fucking the daylights out of this petite bombshell can quickly
put the cap on an otherwise frustrating, dead-ended negotiation.  Simply
contact my office if you require these services, with as much of an advance
notice as possible, and Terri can then be properly prepared to use her
heavenly body to ensure a winning outcome for all involved.

   Married employees who feel guilty about boning this cum-craving little
treat can feel free to leave their wedding bands and jewelry at my office,
where they will be secured in my safe.  After filling our slut's mouth,
twat or asshole with your jism, please remember to retrieve them
IMMEDIATELY after she finishes cleaning you off with her mouth and tongue.
I cannot be held responsible for you getting home for dinner and then
suddenly realizing that your wedding ring is still in my office.  Of
course, Terri could be subject to disciplinary action for failing to remind
you.

   Eating Terri's cunt is not allowed.  Besides the fact that one of your
coworkers might have just filled her snatch with a load of sperm, Terri's
purpose is to provide pleasure, not to receive it.  Employees should take
steps to ensure that Terri herself does not derive pleasure from anything
which gets done to her.

   3.  PROTEIN.  For increased company morale, as well as ensuring that our
slut is meeting the FDA's Recommended Daily Allowances, the 'protein rule'
has been established.  Terri the company whore is required to give two
blowjobs a day to employees of the company.  These should be completely
voluntary acts on this bimbo's part, and slut acts by Terri in compliance
with sections 1 and 2 above do not count toward this obligation.  Our
cock-slut should swallow every drop of this precious jism.  If she fails to
do so, she should be made to suck you off again as soon as she can get you
hard again.

   4.  DRESS CODE.  In simple terms, Terri is required at all times to
dress like the cheap whore that she is.  This includes non-working hours.

   Lacy underthings should be worn by our slut at all times, unless she has
been directed to go braless or pantyless.  Such direction will usually
occur as punishment, or to facilitate quick, unhindered access to her
steamy cunt or tight ass.  Suggested garments include demi bras, corsets
and crotchless thong panties.

   Dresses should be tight and revealing, and Terri's delectable
36-triple-D cleavage should be plainly visible and in danger of falling out
when she bends over (whether this be to serve coffee, for a request to
present her ass for pinching or spanking, or to get fucked from behind). 
Similarly, skirts and dress hemlines should be short enough to ensure that
Terri's lovely tanned ass cheeks are revealed when our little whore bends
over to retrieve dropped items.  It is considered acceptable to
purposefully drop office supplies and order Terri to retrieve them, to
ensure that she is in keeping with the dress code.  In fact, it is our duty
as Terri's coworkers.  If this delicious treat's revealing attire invokes a
physical response, it is acceptable to ask her to get on her knees and
satisfy your needs for you.

   Garters and hose, when worn, should be slutty in appearance.  Runs in
pantyhose are unacceptable and may result in loss of undergarment
privileges or other punishment.

   Footwear should also be slutty in nature.  High heels should be a
minimum of 4 inches.  Leather boots and platform shoes are typically
considered to be acceptable.  A good rule of thumb is to ask yourself if
Terri's footwear would look good thrown over your shoulders while your
stiff rod is being buried deep inside her cunt.  Another practical test is
to have Terri kneel under your desk clad only in her footwear while orally
servicing you, and note whether or not her shoes make her look sexier.

   Makeup should be applied heavily.  Lipstick should be reapplied by our
little blonde whore after sucking cock/eating pussy.  (Special caution
should be exercised by married male employees; you are strongly urged to
have Terri thoroughly clean your cock after using her mouth.  The company
will not be liable for your room and board, legal fees, or any other
expenses incurred when your spouse notices traces of our dumb blonde office
bimbo's lipstick in your underwear.) Eye makeup should also be applied
generously by our walking cum depository, and should be reapplied as
necessary (for instance, when Terri is in the midst of a completely
degrading, demeaning task, she will often be humiliated to tears, thus
causing her eye makeup to run.) Our slut's fake nails should always be
freshly painted.  Again, sluttiness is the rule here.

   Perfume is not worn by the company fuck-machine, because of the obvious
domestic problems this could cause for the married personnel who make use
of her at the office.  I realize that the faint odor of jism constantly
surrounds Terri, but when someone makes her living by having cum splattered
on her face, hair, mouth, breasts, stomach, cunt, ass, and back, this
unfortunately cannot be helped.

   Jewelry, like everything else on Terri's delectable body, should serve
to make her look like the shameless tramp whom we all know her to be.  Male
employees who are feeling grateful and charitable, should feel free to
express this to Terri, by treating her to a "pearl necklace".

   As with any corporate dress code, it is the cooperation and good
judgment of the employees which make it work.  Take it upon yourselves to
constantly inspect Terri's manner of dress.  Feel free to take her into a
supply closet and have her show off her underthings, so that you can
determine whether or not she is complying with this code.  If you feel that
Terri's manner of dress is not cheap or slutty enough, again, initiative is
the rule.  It is completely acceptable to drag Terri to the mall during
lunch hour, and to choose more appropriate attire from Victoria's or
Frederick's for her to put on her husband's charge card.  If you have to go
to this length of trouble, ensure that our wayward bimbo thanks you
profusely at a no-tell motel of your choice (Terri should know the location
of several), which should also be charged on her old man's credit card. 
Note: common professionalism applies--if you are going to be gone for more
than an hour and a half sampling Terri's delights, please clear this with
your supervisor or manager, in accordance with your department's policy on
time off.  You might want to employ a bit of teamwork--have a coworker
cover for you while you are gone, then do the same for him when it is his
turn to boff the sweet piece of flesh.

   5.  SAFETY AND PREVENTING INJURY.  Many of the job safety considerations
in your own Employee Handbooks do not apply to Terri, since her sole
purpose within our organization is to serve as a fucktoy for our employees,
employees' families, and clientele.

   Current safety guidelines dictate that when stooping to pick something
up, we should bend at the knees as opposed to bending over at the
midsection and risking back injury.  This does not apply to Terri.  One
look at our shapely blonde slut's deliciously round, firm asscheeks will
make the reasoning for this readily apparent.  For morale purposes,
anything which goes in filing cabinets in our office will go in the BOTTOM
DRAWERS ONLY.  Everything which goes in these drawers should be put there
by Terri, maintained and upkept by Terri, and retrieved from there by
Terri. She should bend over in a manner designed to give everyone watching
a clear, awesome view of her tight little ass, and her panties (if she has
been allowed to wear them for that day) should be visible.  Slapping and
pinching our treat's ass is encouraged, as this can be a terrific morale
builder for everyone but Terri.  UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHOULD TERRI EVER
BEND OVER FOR LESS THAN TEN SECONDS.  REPORT ANY VIOLATIONS TO MY OFFICE AT
ONCE.

   Our slut's chest size is 36-DDD.  Since receiving her breast implants,
she has had some difficulty in carrying these mammoth jugs around and she
has complained of back pain.  To alleviate some of the pressure, Terri has
been directed to spend more time lying on her back, preferably with a stiff
prick pistoning out of her cunt and/or ass, and with her mouth filled with
either a throbbing cock or a juicy pussy.

   There may also be some soreness in our pet's boobs, resultant from her
recent breast enlargement.  This can be alleviated by making her hold her
delectable mounds together and straddling her chest, fucking her ample
cleavage with your stiff throbbing rod, until you shoot your jism all over
her chest, and she can then use her hands to work your seed into her tits,
like a soothing salve.

   Please do not fuck our slut's snatch after cornholing her.  This is
requested out of simple courtesy for the next of your coworkers who will be
making use of Terri's hot wet pussy.  If you feel that you must fuck her
cunt after reaming her ass, be sure she first thoroughly cleans you up with
her slut mouth.

   During intensive intercourse/bondage/rape sessions with our company
whore, she may experience excruciating agony.  This is completely
acceptable, and is one of the joys of having a beautiful siren as an office
slave who will do everything she is told.  From time to time, Terri may
lose consciousness due to a particularly intense session.  If this occurs,
use a little common sense and WAIT FOR HER TO REGAIN CONSCIOUSNESS before
continuing.  The entire idea of using and abusing Terri is to hammer home
to her the complete hopelessness and humility of her situation (which she
has brought entirely upon herself) as well as subjecting her to extremely
uncomfortable and/or agonizing physical suffering, and this cannot be fully
experienced unless she is conscious and aware.

   The building in which our office is located has a lighted, secure
parking garage, for the safety and protection of our employees.  In Terri's
case, however, we do not want to prevent her from being raped or
assaulted--in fact, it is encouraged.  (Actually, given Terri's
instructions that she is forbidden to refuse sexual favors to anyone, there
is effectively no such thing as rape where Terri is concerned.) Therefore,
Terri is required to park in the parking complex located across the street,
which is poorly lighted, unguarded and has been the scene of many sexual
assaults.

   6.  PUNISHMENT/DISCIPLINARY ACTION.  If you observe our slut disobeying
any of these rules, or just generally not living up to the bimbo reputation
which has been assigned to her (i.e.  acting like a slutty bitch in heat),
disciplinary action may be necessary.  This punishment could range from a
few swats on the ass or losing her right to wear underwear, to more serious
actions such as an intense gang ass-fucking or a public humiliation. 
Punishment will largely be left to the discretion of the employees of this
company.  For serious violations of these rules, please notify my office
and these issues will be dealt with.

   7.  RECREATION.  Terri is a fringe benefit of our fine company.  With
many privileges, the rule is usually "if you abuse it, you lose it". 
That's not true with regard to Terri!  I can personally assure that our
little jumbo-breasted blonde vixen is going to be fucking and sucking the
employees of this company for years to come!  In fact, abuse of Terri is
encouraged, as long as it is in keeping with the rules set forth in this
document.  This section is dedicated to making the most out of your
relationship with the company sex slave.

   There are a wide selection of accessories available which can help you
ensure that Terri keeps in line.  Among these are handcuffs, dildos, and
whips.  When used properly, these devices can be used to inflict extreme
pain and/or discomfort, while leaving little or no trace.  For more
information about borrowing these types of accessories, or for info
concerning how to best use them, please contact Angela Timmons at X4-2429.

   Each session with our company's savory well-endowed slut is a memorable
experience.  Employees are urged to preserve these moments for posterity,
through use of cameras and audio and video recording equipment.  If you do
not own such equipment, check with my office about borrowing some of the
equipment which is kept specifically for this purpose.  Married persons who
are concerned about being videotaped with Terri, need not be.  It is
extremely easy to position cameras and edit tapes, so that only Terri's
identity can be ascertained from them.

   We also have a growing Terri archive, consisting of both photographs and
videotapes.  The most recent additions to this library include our slut's
Tit-Warming Party, where thirty of the male employees helped Little Miss
Terri commemmorate her new breast implants with a bang, if you'll pardon
the pun.  These as well are available to be loaned out through my office.

   Finally, many female employees have expressed their desire to screw
Terri's husband Steven, while he sleeps in their bed, and while poor little
innocent housewife Terri watches from the doorway teary-eyed as her husband
gets fucked by a real woman.  Unfortunately this service is only available
on a limited basis for obvious reasons, and there is a rather lengthy
waiting list.  Also it is not certain whether or not this service will be
continuing, as Steven now seems to be becoming romantically involved with
another one of the women who have previously enjoyed his unknowing "stud
service".  If this service discontinues, all we can do is wish Steven well,
and express our happiness that he has finally found a real woman who is
more than a walking, big-titted doormat for men.  Women who do not wish to
wait for this service are reminded that Terri the company slut is extremely
skilled with both her tongue and a strap-on dildo.

   All in all, Terri is YOUR slut, and your property, and is yet another
fine benefit which comes from working for one of the top firms in this
city. The possibilities for her use are limited only by your own
imagination.

   Thanks, and enjoy your slut!

   NOTE: Any mistakes or misspellings in this document should be brought to
my attention immediately.  I will then punish Terri for them, because she
typed this as I dictated it.  I must also apologize for not getting this
document published on time; Terri typed it using one hand while using the
other to frig her juicy cunt.  The girl also kept breaking down into little
crying jags, during which not much typing got done.  It's a good thing
Terri is a good little cum-swallowing pussy-licking whore, because she
makes a rather lousy secretary.  Another reason for the delay is because
there were also numerous "inspiration breaks" between typing, courtesy of
Terri's talented, hungry tongue.

   Suggestions and comments regarding these policies are welcome.  Please
address them to me at X4-2405, or feel free to drop into my office.  Keep
in mind that if the door is closed, and a lacy 36-DDD bra is hanging from
the doorknob, this should be interpreted as a "do not disturb" sign.

   Thanks, Danielle





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Terri Madison


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





