BDSM Library - Slave Teacher




Slave Teacher
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young teacher discovers a sinister secret of her two colleagues and is forced into becoming their sex slave. Things soon turn from bad to worse and she is enslaved by yet more of her colleagues and even some of her students.
Slave Teacher (nc, bd, MM/Ff)
by "Road Runner" 




Slave Teacher
                                              I.

Karen was really surprised at the effect the word "detention" had on 
Amy. One minute ago the junior was still talking back to her, but as 
soon as detention was mentioned, she was practically on her knees. 
"Please! Miss Johnson," the girl pleaded, "give me a chance! I swear 
I'll never do that again!"
	"I'm sorry Amy, but a rule's a rule. You should have known better. Now, 
go back to your seat."
	Karen signed as she watched Amy going back to her seat. Her job at this 
school had been going really well for the past two months, and she felt 
really lucky that she could find a post here as her first job. The 
students here were generally good. Even Amy, who had a reputation for 
being a trouble student, was actually quite bright. But somehow she just 
had to create some problems during class, like getting into a fight with 
the guy sitting next to her, or keep forgetting to do her home work, 
that kind of thing (she did both of that today). The school had a good 
reputation, and the colleagues were friendly--especially the male ones, 
which is not surprising, given that Karen was a pretty brunette with a 
nice figure. But she had always tried to be nice to all her colleagues, 
male or female, and they all seemed to be happy with her.

	Feeling a bit sorry for Amy, Karen decided to have a word with her 
after school. As she was on her way to the classroom, she was surprised 
to see Amy in the playground. Going home now? How dare you! She thought. 
But then Amy wasn't walking towards the main gate. As she didn't notice 
Karen, Karen decided to stay behind to find out walk the girl was up to. 
She followed Amy to the gym where the girl entered a store room.
	Karen went up to the door and peeked through the shutter on the door. 
She could see Amy inside, talking to Steve Howard, the PE teacher.
	"Yet another detention?" said Steve, "well Amy, you know what that 
means."
	"Yes, sirï¿½" Amy answered meekly. Quickly she pulled off her panties, 
bent over a bench and lifted up her skirt, exposing her bare buttocks. 
Steve then stood behind the submissive girl with a wooden ruler in his 
hand. "Now, take this, little slut!" With these words he brought the 
ruler heavily down on Amy's bottom, making a whack! sound. Amy closed 
her eyes and whimpered, but didn't cry out. A vivid red weal immediately 
appeared across the cheeks of her ass. Whack! Steve brought the ruler 
down again and another weal appeared.
	Karen was shocked. She had to do something about this, she thought. She 
immediately went to find Mark Simpson in his office. Among the more 
senior teachers, he was the one that she got on best with.
	Mark for his part seemed to be shocked too, but he was also very 
cautious. "Karen," he said, "you must understand that this is a very 
serious allegation, and we have to be very careful."
	"But I saw it with my own eyes!"
	"I know, I know. Now why don't you sit down and tell me what exactly 
did you see, right from the beginning. But just let me get you a glass 
of water first, you seem really nervous."
	"But-" Before Karen could object Mark had already gone out of the room. 
He came back shortly with a glass of water and handed it to Karen. We're 
wasting our time! Karen thought. But at this moment she needed Mark to 
back her up so she tried to cooperate as much as possible. She quickly 
drank up the water and began to tell her story, hoping that they could 
still catch Steve. But as she began she started to feel of dizzy, and 
before she could figure out what's going on she blacked out and 
collapsed on Mark's desk.

	Karen woke up to find herself completely naked. She was in an empty 
room, probably one of the store rooms behind the gym, and standing 
spread-eagled between two posts. Her wrists and ankles were cuffed and 
chained to hooks on the posts, pulling her arms and legs taut, and she 
couldn't help letting out a moan from the pain. Then the door opened and 
Steve and Mark walked in.
	"So you two were together!" She said angrily as she glared at them. 
"Yes we are," said Mark smiling, "and you've found our little secret." 
"Let me go!" Karen demanded, "now!" "Now what makes you think we'll do 
that?" asked Mark teasingly. "Mark," Karen calmed down a bit and tried 
to reason with him, thinking that they got on quite well before all 
this. "You know you can't do that, stop before you get deeper and 
deeper." Both Mark and Steve laughed. "Why do you think we'll listen to 
you, my dear Miss Johnson?" Steve asked. "Oh, c'mon" said Karen, "what 
are you going to do, kill me? Otherwise I'm not going to keep my mouth 
shut. If you touch me, you're not going to get away. But if you let me 
go, I can forget about this. This is all I can promise. I'll have to 
tell Dr Jackson about the girl, but I can let all this go." 
	"Well I'm impressed," Mark chuckled. "You're a brave girl. But you're 
wrong. No we're not going to kill you but yes we will shut you up. 
Because soon you yourself will be part of it." With these words he took 
out a jar from his pocket and stood in front of Karen. "Wh-what do you 
want?" Karen asked nervously. She felt totally vul-nerable, completely 
naked and tightly bound in front of two men who were just a foot away 
from her, smiling wickedly. Still smiling, Mark opened the jar and Karen 
could see that there was some kind of ointment inside. Mark scooped some 
with his fingers and proceeded to rub them on Karen's pussy. "No! Stop 
that!" Karen cried out, but with her legs chained wide-spread there was 
nothing she could do, except to cry out in dismay as Mark rubbed the 
ointment on her pussy lips. Mark kept watching her expression as he 
apply the ointment. First it was dismay and anger, then it was fear. For 
soon Karen began to feel an itching and warming sensation at her pussy. 
"Yes, that's right," he said, confirming her fear, "this is going to 
make you the biggest slut in the world."
	"No!" Karen cried out, her voice echoing in the mostly empty room. But 
the itching at her pussy was getting stronger and stronger, and despite 
herself it began to get wet. She wanted to wriggle so much that in fact 
she was a bit grateful that the chains were so tight so that she was not 
put on such a humiliating show for the two men. "Now," Steve said as he 
began caressing her breasts, "are you going to be a good girl and do 
what we say?" He laughed as he felt her nipples hardened quickly in his 
fingers.
	"No way!" Karen screamed with her remaining strength. At this, Steve 
stopped fondling her breasts and, with a swung of his arm, slapped them 
with his full strength. "Ouch!" Karen cried out in pain. With her body 
tightly chained, her 36C breasts took the full force of his blow. "Ah! 
Ah! AH!" She cried out as he kept slapping, with her breasts swinging 
all the time. Soon they were red and her voice was getting weaker and 
weaker.
	"Please, stop!" Finally, she pleaded, "I can't take this anymore! 
Please!"
"So are you going to do want we say?" Steve asked as he slowed down his 
slapping.
"Yes, yes, oh, please, stop! Yes, I'll do what you say!"
	"Good!" Steve chuckled. "Now that you're a good girl, I'm going to give 
you a little reward." And he placed his hand between her legs and began 
rubbing her pussy.
"Oh!" Karen cried out in alarm as she felt Steve touch her wet lips. 
They had now become very sensitive and Steve's touch was sending thrills 
through her body, which soon began to tremble with excitement.
"You like that, huh? You little slut?" Steve asked. Karen closed her 
eyes in dismay and tried to fight with the growing sensation. Getting no 
answer, Steve raised his hand and slapped her breasts again.
"Ah!" Karen winced in pain. "No, please!" 
"Answer me, bitch!" another slap. 
"Oh, oh, y-yes, I-I like that..."
"So do you want to come?"
"Y-yes... Oh, oh God."
"Good, now that you've said it, I'm going to give you a chance to come." 
He then took out a strap-on dildo and attached it to Karen.
"Wh-what are you going to do?" Karen asked in alarm.
"Shut up and try this." Steve grabbed the strap-on and twisted it, 
pressing it onto Karen's pussy. As the base of the dildo rubbed on her 
clit, Karen's entire body stiffened and she let out a moan of pleasure.
"You like that? Good, now here we go." Together the two men unattached 
Karen's cuffs from the posts. Karen was already too weak to struggle. 
She just let the two men grabbed her arms and led her out of the room to 
the adjoining one.
"Oh my God!" Her eyes opened wide as she saw who was waiting for her. In 
the middle of the room there was a small table, and Amy was lying 
spread-eagled on it, with her arms and legs cuffed to the legs of the 
table and her hips resting on the edge. "Miss Johnson!" She whimpered. 
"Oh, Amy!" By now Karen could already tell what the two men had in mind. 
She also notice a video cam in a corner of the room pointing towards the 
table, and there's also a camera on the floor. "No! Please! No!" She 
began to struggle but in vain. Weakness swept her over as Steve grabbed 
the strap-on and pressed it against her pussy again. The ointment was 
really having an effect on her and now she was really dying to come. She 
was breathing hard, and her face was blushing and covered with sweat, 
while her breasts were still red from the slapping. Steve and Mark made 
her stood between Amy's wide-spread legs.
"Shut up, Amy. Here Miss Johnston, have a little fun with your 
student..." With Mark holding her, Steve grabbed the strap-on and guided 
it into Amy's defenseless pussy, drawing a moan from the girl. Steve 
then lifted Amy up slight and cuffed Karen's hands together behind Amy's 
back so that she would be holding the girl, preventing her from pulling 
the strap-on out. "C'mon, get working Karen!" Mark said as he gave 
Karen's ass a spank. "Oh!" Karen lurched forward, thrusting the dildo 
deep into her student's pussy, drawing a moan from both the girl and 
herself. She fought hard against the urge to start pumping, but then 
Mark grabbed her hips, pulled them back and then pushed them forward. 
Karen moaned loudly as the force of the thrust pushed the dildo back 
against her burning pussy. She gave in as Mark grabbed her hips and 
pushed her forward again. "Ah! Ah!" She moaned and slowly began pumping 
Amy.
"Oh, Amy, I'm sorry, I'm sorry!" She gasped as she began to pump faster 
and faster. "Oh, Miss Johnson, oh, oh," the student moaned in reply. 
In her heat Karen soon forgot about her predicament. Closing her eyes, 
she fucked her student with abandonment. Amy for her part was also 
responding passionately. She moaned loudly and, as far as her bondage 
would allow her, she lifted her head up and tried to kiss her teacher. 
And reluctant at first, Karen soon began to return the kiss, and soon 
the two were French-kissing passionately. The two men laughed, thinking 
that they had her. They had been recording everything with the videocam 
and the camera. As they saw that Karen was about to come, they came up 
behind her and stopped her.
"Oh, no! Please! Oh!" Karen cried out desperately when Mark grabbed her 
hips and stopped her from fucking Amy. Steve unlocked her cuffs and 
together they lifted the gasping and moaning teacher off her student. 
Karen moaned and protested feebly as they and her knell down on the 
floor, re-cuffed her and attached the cuffs to a chain hanging down from 
the ceiling. Steve then unbuckled and removed the strap-on from her. The 
dildo was glistening with Amy's juices, while Karen's thighs were wet 
with her own.
"Times up, Miss Johnson, the lesson is over!" Steve chuckled as he 
brushed his fingers lightly over Karen's pussy lips, making the young 
woman squirm with excitement. "No! Please! Oh, God, oh, oh," Karen 
moaned. "So you wanna come, you little slut?" Mark asked as he kept 
filming her, capturing the lustful expression on her face. "Y-yes, 
please, I can't take it anymore, please," Karen pleaded. "Well, slut, if 
you want to come you have to do exactly as we say, understand?" "Yes, 
yes, oh, oh..." Pointing the videocam at her face, Mark held up a sheet 
of paper in front of her about away from the videocam. "Say what's 
written on it, and we'll give you what your slutty mind wants."
"Oh, no," Karen protested when she saw what was written on the paper. At 
this, Steve stopped fingering her pussy and reached in front of her. He 
grabbed one of her nipples and pinched it cruelly. Karen cried out in 
pain, but Steve ignored her and pinched it again. When he grabbed the 
other one and was about to pinch both of them, she gave in. "Stop, 
please! I'll say it, oh, just stop!" "Good," Steve said, "now look at 
the camera and tell us who you are and what you have done!"
Sobbing with shame and humiliation, Karen looked up to face the camera. 
"C'mon" Mark urged, "tell us who you are!" "M...my name is K--Karen 
Johnson and...and I am a sl--slut..." 
"So what have you done, slut?" 
"I...I fucked my student Amy...I f-forced her to have sex with me, oh, 
oh," despite her humiliation, Karen couldn't help moaning when Steve's 
fingers returned to her slit.
"Now isn't that rather immoral for a teacher to do?"
"Y-yes and I d-deserved to be punished.... I b-beg you M-mister Simpson 
and mister Howard to take me as your s-slave and p-punish me and u-use 
me in any way you w-want...please..."
"Good, and what do you want now?"
	"Pl-please, I want to come, oh, please, f-fuck me, fuck me...aaaaaAh!" 
Karen cried out as Steve grabbed her hips and buried his cock in her 
pussy with one deep thrust. He began pumping her roughly and soon Karen 
began to come. She cried out loudly but her cries were soon muffled when 
Mark pulled out his cock and thrust it into her mouth. Holding the 
videocam with one hand, he grabbed her head with the other and guided it 
back and forth. Karen offered no resistance and sucked him, while her 
hips were grinding to meet Steve's thrusts. Soon her body was taken by 
another violent orgasm. "Slut!" Steve chuckled. Sensing himself coming, 
he thrust deep into her and filled her pussy while Mark flooded her 
mouth with come. 




Slave Teacher
                                                 II.

After her mind-blowing orgasm, Karen just hung on the chains gasping as 
the two men kept on filming her, with her hair matted with sweat and 
with come dripping down her chin and her thighs. They then unchained her 
and laid her down on her back. Exhausted, she just lay there passively 
even when all her cuffs were removed. Amy was also untied and was led to 
Karen by a leash and a leather collar on her neck.
	"C'mon, Amy, you know what to do," Steve said as he unattached her 
leash, leaving the collar on. "Yes, sir." Amy replied meekly. With the 
two men filming and taking pictures again, Amy climbed on top of Karen 
and began kissing her face gently, licking the come off her chin. 
"No..." Karen protested feebly but didn't really try to stop her. Her 
breath quickened again as Amy licked her way down her neck, her breasts, 
her belly and finally to her pussy. Despite herself, Karen spread her 
legs to give her student a better access. She closed her eyes in 
abandonment when Amy started off but licking the come and juices off her 
thighs, and when Amy's tongue finally reached her pussy, she couldn't 
hold back any longer and let out a moan, and she heard the two men 
chuckled. However, all she did was to grab Amy's head and press it 
against her pussy. She began grinding her hips to meet Amy's tongue, and 
within seconds she came again with a loud moan. Afterwards, Amy climbed 
on top of her again to kiss her on the lips, giving her a taste of her 
own juices.
	"Good work, Amy," Steve patted the girl's head gently and she knelt 
down next to him. "And you, slut, get dressed," he said as he threw her 
her clothes. Karen gathered her strength and got up. She hesitated when 
she saw that she was only given back her blouse and pants, without any 
underwear. "A slut doesn't wear any underwear," Mark said laughing. 
"From tomorrow on, you will never wear a bra," Steve added, "and when 
you wear a blouse, you are to leave the first two buttons open, is that 
clear?" "But..." Karen began to protest but Steve interrupted her. "One 
more word and I'll make it three! Now, is that understood?" "Y-yes." 
"Yes who?" "Yes, s-sir."
	"Good," Steve chuckled. "And also, you should always wear a short 
skirt, and the hem-line should be at least three inches above your 
knees, and underneath you'll wear whatever we give you. As we didn't 
give you anything today, you'll wear nothing under your skirt tomorrow. 
And whenever you have to pick up something on the floor, you should 
always bend over, and never kneel down. Is that clear?" Seeing her 
hesitate again, he grabbed her left nipple and pinched. "Ah!" Karen 
cried out in pain. "Do as you're told or every boy in this school will 
get a copy of those videotapes that we just made! Now is that clear? Or 
maybe we should start off by distributing the photos and give them a 
taste first?" "No! No! Please!" Karen pleaded. "Then answer me, slut! Is 
everything clear?" "Y-yes, sir." Karen could barely bring herself to say 
those words. "Now get dressed and go!" 
With her head lowered in shame, Karen began to get dressed. "Remember," 
Mark added, "obey everything we say or every boy in this school will be 
jerking off watching your tape! And don't try anything funny. If 
anything happens, Amy will always back us up and say that you made her 
have sex with you. Right Amy?" Amy, who was still kneeling obediently 
next to him, nodded meekly. At this Karen couldn't hold back her tears 
anymore and began sobbing, but the two men just laughed.

Karen could feel her cheeks burning when she arrived at school the 
following day. When she walked across the playground, some students just 
stopped chatting and stared at her, in her light-blue blouse and short 
skirt. She tried to walk slowly and not to make her breasts bounce so 
much, such that people would not notice that she wasn't wearing a bra. 
She was greeted by a surprised look from everyone as she entered the 
staff room. "Hi," she tried to sound as normal as possible when she 
greeted the teachers there, but immediately she noticed the look of 
disdain from a couple of her colleagues. As she had been ordered, she 
left the first two buttons of her blouse open. But she had worn her 
panties. She couldn't bear to wear such a short skirt without 
panties--besides, the skirt that she was wearing was the only one in her 
wardrobe that would meet Steve's requirement. She figured that, since 
Steve and Mark were not sharing the same staff room with her, she could 
try to avoid them during school day and keep her panties on, and then 
take them off after school. Although they could tell just by looking at 
her whether she was wearing a bra, they'd have to check to see if she 
was wearing panties. As they would not take any risk with her in public, 
all she had to do was to avoid being with them alone, and see how it 
goes after school. After school...she shuddered when she thought about 
the implication of that.
Her plan did seem to work. It was really embarrassing at first when she 
began teaching, and she thought she was going to die of shame when she 
entered the classroom, when all the students just looked at her shapely 
legs as they were revealed by her short skirt, and when some male 
students started grinning when they noticed shortly afterwards that she 
wasn't wearing a bra. Gradually, she managed to overcome the 
embarrassment and went on teaching as usual. Then in the last class of 
the day, when Karen was writing on the blackboard, Amy threw her pen 
down so that it went rolling on the floor until it was below the 
blackboard. "Oh, I'm sorry, Miss Johnson. Could you pick that up for me 
please?" she said.
Karen turned around and looked at Amy in shock, as she realized what 
that would mean. Amy on her part just looked at her and whispered the 
word "sorry" with a frightened look on her face. So she must have been 
made to do that by Steve and Howard, Karen figured, and would probably 
have to report to them about the result. 
Karen hesitated and the entire class waited in an awkward silence. 
Finally--"Oh yes, sure," she took a deep breath and said. As her 
students watched, with her back facing them, she bent over and picked up 
the pen. Her face was blushing with embarrassment when she turned around 
and saw the reactions of her students. Everyone was staring at her with 
wide-open eyes (and for some, mouths), and some boys were already 
whispering to each other and laughing. She tried not to think about how 
much she must have revealed to them and to act like nothing had happened 
when she walked over to Amy's seat and handed her the pen. "There you 
go, Amy. Please be careful and don't do that again." She said, almost 
pleadingly. "Now quiet please everyone, and turn to page..."

"Why did you do that?" Karen asked Amy when the class was over, "did 
they make you do it? Listen, we don't have to..." "Please, Miss 
Johnson," Amy interrupted her, "we're not allowed to talk except in 
class. Mr Simpson wants to see you in his office right after school." 
And with these words she ran off.
Karen's hand was trembling slightly when she knocked on Mark's door. 
Before coming she had first gone to the ladies' room to take her panties 
off, but now she wasn't really sure if this would be able to fool him, 
and she dared not think about the consequences if it failed.
Her fear seemed to be confirmed immediately. Mark greeted her like he 
would greet a student in trouble. He let her in and made her wait 
standing in front of his desk while he finished marking some homework. 
Finally he stopped, leaned back on his chair and looked at her. "Nice 
skirt," said Mark teasingly.
Karen blushed. "Have you forgotten all your manners, slut? What do you 
say when people give you a complement?"
	"Th-thank you..."
	"Your manners, slut!" Mark said sternly as he suddenly slapped Karen's 
thigh with a wooden ruler.
"Ouch!" Karen flinched, and Mark hit her again. "Listen, slut! When you 
talk to me, you always refer to me as 'sir'! And when I give you the 
punishment that you deserve, you stand still to take it or you'll get 
more! Is that clear?"
"Oh, yes, yes, s-sir."
Mark sat back and eyed the young woman as she rubbed the red welts on 
her thighs. "So you have done as you're told and come to school without 
your bra and panties, slut?" he asked.
"Y-yes, sir," Karen stammered.
"Show me."
Biting her lip, Karen raised her skirt and let Mark have a clear view of 
her pussy. "Good," Mark said. "And did your students get a good look at 
your pussy today?"
Karen was speechless. "No..." finally she answered, almost whispering. 
Now she really felt like a naughty girl caught by her teacher. "What did 
you say?" Mark asked in a threatening voice. "I-I'm sorry s-sir.... I 
have w-worn my panties during the day..." "Say that again, you worthless 
slut!"
"Please, I'm sorry!" Karen dropped down on her knees, frightened. "I 
just couldn't do it, please!"
"I told you to do everything I say! And you not only disobeyed me but 
also lied to me about it! So you want me to give your tapes and photos 
out, right?"
	"No, please! Don't!" Karen pleaded, "I'll do anything! Just don't give 
those tapes away!"
"You'll do anything? You didn't even do one simple thing that I asked!"
"Please! I'm sorry! I was wrong! Punish me! Just don't give those tapes 
away!"
Hearing those words and seeing Karen on her hands and knees, Mark 
smiled. Her reactions were exactly as they had hoped. "You bet you need 
to be punished. You've got some serious lessons waiting for you, slut!" 
"Now, you take these keys and go to storeroom one behind the gym and 
wait for me," Mark began. "When you get there, take off your clothes and 
get down on your knees and wait. Is that clear?"
	"Y-yes, sir."
"One more thing. I find the weather today rather nice. Don't you just 
love breezy weather, slut?"
"Y-yes, sir," Karen answered, somewhat puzzled.
"Good. Now when you go to the gym, you'll walk right across the 
playground, and keep your hands down all the time. If the wind blows up 
your skirt, you'll not try to cover it with your hands, understood?"
"Oh please...Ouch!" Karen's protest was immediately cut short by a slap 
on her thighs by the ruler.
	"Understood?" 
	"Oh y-yes, sir."

Karen's heart was pounding in her chest as she walked across the 
playground to the gym. Fortunately, the wind was not as strong as she 
had feared, and her skirt didn't get blown up. But still, she couldn't 
walk too fast for fear that her skirt would be raised, and as a result 
the few students who were still hanging around after school all got a 
good look at her legs. What's worst, she was sure that they could see 
the bright red welts left by the ruler on her thighs. When she finally 
reached the gym, she walked quickly to the storerooms and, after 
checking that no student was following her, she entered the storeroom 
and closed the door behind her. The camera and the videocam were still 
there, reminding her of her ordeal yesterday. Blushing with shame, she 
quickly took off her clothes, knelt down and waited. 




Slave Teacher
                                                  III.

Karen panicked when she heard someone talking outside the storeroom. She 
would die of shame if some students found her like this, kneeling naked 
on the floor in a storeroom. She was relieved when she realized that it 
was only Steve and Mark, and scolded herself for being stupid enough to 
think that Mark would come on his own. "Hi slut," Steve greeted her as 
they entered the room, "I see that you're ready for your punishment."
	"Y-yes, sir," Karen answered, blushing.
	"So you have not only disobeyed your instructions but also lied about 
it," said Steve as he put his bag on the floor. "Yes, sir." Karen 
answered submissively, trying not to invoke further punishments. 
      "Now slut," Steve continued as he took his stuff out of the bag, 
"for lying to Mark, you'll be given fifteen strokes of the ruler," he 
said as he show her a long wooden ruler, "and for wearing your panties 
without permission, you are to shave your pussy and keep it shaved all 
the time."
      "Oh, God, no! Please!" Karen pleaded and Whack! Steve reached 
forward and hit her ass real hard with the ruler. "Ouch!" Karen cried 
out in pain and surprise. "You just earned yourself five extra strokes, 
and that one doesn't count. Now have you got anything more to say?"
	"Oh, no, oh, oh," Karen whined as she rubbed her butt.
      "Now since we've already started, why don't we just get on with 
it?" said Mark, "Come here, slut, and bend over the table."
      Obediently, Karen walked over to the table and bent over it. 
Trembling slightly, she lowered her head in shame and waited as Steve 
positioned himself behind her. Steve looked at the smooth, white globes 
of her ass and couldn't help reaching out to caress it. Karen's whole 
body stiffened as she felt his hand touch her, then she relaxed a bit as 
Steve continued caressing her. Suddenly, Steve took his hand away and 
whack! the ruler landed squarely across her ass.
      "Ah!" Karen cried out in pain. "Keep your voice down, slut!" Steve 
scolded, "And keep your hands on the table or you're going to get more!" 
Whack! Whack! "Oh, Oh, oooh," Karen moaned as Steve went on hitting her. 
When the twenty strokes were over, her whole body was shaking and her 
eyes were filled with tears. "Keep your hands on the table," said Mark 
as he picked up the camera, "and look at me." Karen obeyed and let out a 
cry of dismay as she saw the camera in his hands, but before she could 
say anything Mark had already pressed the shutter. "Look here, slut!" 
said Mark as he savored the view in the viewfinder: Karen the young and 
sexy teacher bent over the table, with her long, shapely legs topped by 
her smooth round buttocks, now criss-crossed with angry red welts, with 
tears in her eyes and an imploring look on her face. Mark felt like his 
cock was going to burst out of his pants.
      "Okay," he said after taking some more photos, "now shall we get 
on with the second part of the punishment, or do you need more 
persuasion, slut?"
      "N--no, sir," Karen answered meekly. She was getting more and more 
used to being called "slut" and answering with "sir". "Here," said Steve 
as he brought over a chair. "Sit down and spread your legs wide." Karen 
obeyed and winced as her ass touched the chair. "I said spread your legs 
wide! That's it! Now, take these," said Steve as he handed her a razor 
and a can of shaving cream. "Better hurry up before we get you back to 
that table again."
     "Oh, God," Karen gasped as she looked at the razor and the shaving 
cream in her hands. Now not only Mark was taking pictures, Steve had 
also set the videocam up. "C'mon, do it!" Biting her lip, Karen sprayed 
some shaving cream on her pussy. She shuddered as she felt the cold 
cream on her skin. Then she began shaving slowly. At first her hand was 
trembling so much that she had to stop before she cut herself, but then 
she managed to clam herself down. She kept her head down all the time as 
she shaved, not daring to face the camera once. When she finally 
finished she was given a wet towel to wipe herself clean. "Now stand up, 
slut, and look at me," Steve ordered.
      Karen stood up and gasped as she felt cool air on her ass and 
pussy. Her ass was still burning from the ruler, and her pussy felt raw 
after the shaving. She couldn't help covering it and rubbing it with her 
hand. This gave Steve an idea.
      "That's right, slut, play with yourself." Karen looked up at him 
in shock. She couldn't believe that yet more humiliations were coming. 
"Do it or we'll go out and get a student to do that for you!"
      "Oh, no! Please!" "Then do it!" "Y-yes, yes..." Closing her eyes, 
Karen began rubbing her pussy gently. The shaving had made it very 
sensitive, and soon she was getting wetting and wetter. "Play with your 
tits, kiss them." As Steve instructed, Karen held her breasts up to her 
mouth and licked her nipples, which soon became rock-hard. Then, 
foundling her breasts and holding them to her mouth with one hand, she 
reached down to resume rubbing her pussy with the other. She soon find 
herself getting hotter and hotter despite the humiliation--in fact, it 
seemed that the humiliation was adding to her excitement. Her breath 
quickened, and she heard the sound of the shutter vaguely.
      "Turn around and show us that nice ass of yours," Steve went on. 
"That's right. Keep your feet apart, wider. Now bend over." Karen obeyed 
almost automatically, bending over until her head was between her legs. 
She was aware that in so doing, with her bare pussy completely open to 
view between her wide-spread legs and her breasts hanging upside-down, 
she was presenting a really lewd sight. "Finger-fuck yourself." Her 
hands quickly reached up to her pussy and while one rubbed her clit, the 
other thrust first one finger, then two, up her wet hole. "Oh, oh, oh," 
she began moaning gently as she fucked herself with two fingers, faster 
and faster. "Play with your asshole." Much ashamed by this order, Karen 
was too close to coming to object. While she continuing finger-fucking 
herself with her left hand, her right hand reached up and slowly she 
thrust her forefinger into her tight asshole. At this she couldn't hold 
back any longer and came with a loud moan, and collapsed onto her knees.
      Steve immediately took off his pants and walked over to Karen. He 
pushed her onto all fours and thrust two fingers into Karen's pussy, 
getting them wet with her juices. Then slowly, he thrust them up her 
asshole. "Ah! No!" Karen immediately cried out in alarm. "Have you been 
fucked up the ass before, slut?" "N-no...pl-please..." "Then it's time 
for you to offer it to your master!" He chuckled and with these words 
began pushing his cock into her tight, virgin asshole. "No, noooooOh! 
Ah!" Karen whimpered as she felt Steve's cock eased all the way into 
her. She moaned as he held still, feeling it throbbing inside her. "Can 
you feel it, slut?" Steve panted, "can you feel my hard cock up your 
ass?" "Oh, oh, oh," Karen moaned in reply, which was not good enough for 
Steve. He grabbed her right nipple and pinched it hard, drawing a cry of 
pain from her. "Say it!" He said as he pinched her again. "Ouch! Y-yes 
I-I can feel your h-hard cock up my a-ass..." "Say that you love it!" 
"I-I love the f-feeling of your h-hard cock up my ass..." Karen was 
spared from being forced to say more humiliating things when Mark came 
over and pushed his cock in her mouth. Together the two men started 
thrusting in and out of her, and Karen was soon letting out muffled 
moans and cries. Mark came first and flooded her mouth with come. After 
he withdrew, Steve also felt himself coming. He pulled out from her ass, 
stood in front of her and sprayed his come all over her face and 
breasts.
      They allowed her to rest for a while. Then, as Amy was not there, 
Karen was made to clean herself up. While they filmed, she was ordered 
to wipe the come off her face and then lick it off her fingers. Then she 
had to lick her breasts clean. She was exhausted after the ordeal, and 
her hands were trembling as they held her breasts to her mouth. When all 
this was finally done, Steve threw her a brown paper bag and said, "Okay 
slut, you've just earned this. Wear one of them to school tomorrow," he 
chuckled, "we'll be nice this time and let you pick one yourself."

      Inside the paper bag were a pair of crotchless panties and several 
g-strings. Even though she was terrified by the idea of having to wear 
one of them to school, this time Karen knew better than to disobey, and 
when she when to school the following day, she had under her short skirt 
a white g-string with lace, which was the one with most material that 
she could find. Her male colleagues grinned when they saw her appear 
again in her short skirt. She was wearing a polo shirt that day, since 
it had got only two buttons and didn't open all the way at the front, so 
even though she had to leave all the buttons open, she didn't have to 
worry about showing more than she already had to. Still, her nipples 
were clearly visible through the fabric. Some male colleagues began to 
tease her, and students whistled as she passed by. She was greeted by 
the same whispering and giggling whenever she went into a classroom, but 
she tried her best to ignore it.
      Her heart sank when it's time for Amy's class again. As she had 
feared, when she was writing on the blackboard, Amy happened to drop her 
pen again. Karen blushed with embarrassment as she stared at the pen 
lying next to her feet. Then, as quickly as possible, she bent over and 
picked it up. From the commotion of the class, she thought they must 
have seen her bare buttocks when she bent over. To hide her 
embarrassment, she quickly turned her back on the class and began 
writing on the blackboard. But then she heard a noise and another pen 
was dropped onto the floor.
      "Excuse me, Miss Johnson," it was Jeff, a boy sitting in the front 
row, "could you pick that up for me please?" he said with a wicked grin 
on his face, and almost the entire class burst out laughing. "Quiet, 
Please!" Karen fought back her tears of anger and humiliation, "and you, 
you pick it up yourself!" she said to Jeff angrily. Although in the end 
Jeff did come out and picked the pen up himself, Karen knew secretly 
that her future with this class was now doomed.




Slave Teacher
                                           IV.

Karen felt like she's going to throw up when she saw that Jeff had 
stayed behind after class. "What is it, Jeff?" She asked as causally as 
she could, hoping that somehow all he wanted was just to ask her about 
homework. She was immediately let down.
	"I know what you've been doing, miss Johnson." Jeff said bluntly.
	"Excuse me?"
	"You heard me. I know what you've been doing."
	"Now have you forgotten your manners, young man?" Karen tried to act 
firm, but her voice was already shaking.
	"I saw you yesterday! You took off your panties after school and walked
across the playground so that everyone could see. You're an 
exhibitionist! I know!" 
	"That's bullshit!" Karen lost her temper. "Say that again and you'll 
regret it for the rest of your life!"
	"Oh yeah?" Jeff sneered. Karen really hated him. You think you're 
smart, huh? She thought to herself. You're just a kid and you don't know 
shit... "Then what's this?" said Jeff as he threw a photo on her chest.
	Karen suppressed the urge to strike the boy and picked the photo up. 
Her blood froze when she saw what it was. It showed her walking in the 
playground, with her skirt partly raised, providing a glimpse of her 
pussy. Just a glimpse, but it showed clearly that she wasn't wear 
anything under her skirt. How could it be? Karen thought. I thought I've 
already been very careful...
	"There's more if you like," Jeff added. "With some from behind too."
	"How did you get this?"  "Well," Jeff laughed again, "just lucky, I
guess. I came to school yesterday planning to show off my new camera and 
impress some girls, but I guess I ended up with something much better!"
	"Give them back to me! Or I'll get you kicked out, right now!"
	"No way! And if these photos get passed around, I think you're the one 
who's going to get kicked out! Unless you do as I say, I'll give the 
photos out to everyone in the school! I'll even post them on the 
internet!"
      "What do you want?" Karen asked with clenched fists, feeling that 
she no longer had the upper hand. But then she knew immediately what he 
wanted. The boy was staring straight at her breasts, and was making no 
attempt to hide that.
      "I...I want you," Jeff said. "I want to fuck you," he said again 
with more confidence.
      "How dare you!" Although she was expecting something like that, 
Karen felt utterly humiliated to really hear it from the mouth of her 
teenage student. "You fuck me and you'll get you photos back, one for 
each time," said Jeff, improvising. "There're totally twelve of them. 
I'll keep the negatives as a souvenir."
	"Are you kidding?" Karen went mad again. "Do you know what you're 
doing? You try to blackmail me? I can go to the po-"
      "Shut up, Bitch!" Jeff interrupted her. This is really cool, he 
thought, calling his teacher "bitch". "You can go to the cops if you 
want, and let's hear what they'll say when they find out you're walking 
around without your panties! That's the offer, you either take it or 
not."
      "Why can't you just give me the photos! Please!" Karen pleaded, 
"You don't know what really happened!"
      "I don't care!" Jeff said, "but I do know what's going to happen 
if you don't do as I say!"
      "Alright you prick!" Karen never thought that she would one day 
use the word on her students. "Alright! Just do what you want and get it 
over with!" she was shaking all over. This just can't be real...
      Jeff on his part could hardly believe it either, and he wasn't 
sure what to do for a moment. "Since you mentioned 'prick'," he finally 
said, "why don't we begin from there? Get down on your knees, miss 
Johnson."
      Blushing with humiliation, Karen knelt down in front of her 
student. "Unzip my fly, no wait, show me your tits first."
      "What?"
      "You heard me, show me your tits!"
      "Oh, God..." reluctantly Karen lifted her polo-shirt to above her 
breasts. "Wow!" Jeff exclaimed as he saw the firm, white globes of her 
breasts. Karen closed her eyes in dismay as he reached out to fondle 
them, and soon her nipples were rock-hard. Cool! Jeff thought, as he 
unzipped and took out his cock. "Suck it!" he said in a coarse voice.
      Karen opened her mouth to say something, but then resigned and 
leaned forward, and with her hand guiding took the boy's cock into her 
mouth. She held it in her mouth, trying to overcome the humiliation. 
"C'mon, suck it!" Jeff said impatiently, and she began to move her head 
back and forth. Even now Jeff still found it hard believe that this was 
really happening. Yesterday he was still the geek, and now his gorgeous 
teacher, who looked a thousand times prettier than any of the girls he 
secretly fancied, was sucking his dick! And showing him her tits! He 
couldn't hold back his excitement any longer and started shooting his 
come into Karen's mouth. At this moment the door of the classroom opened 
and Mara, another teacher of the school, walked in.

      "Oh, God!" Karen cried out in shock and fell back, pushing Jeff 
off her at the same time. Jeff was still coming and shot some of his 
come on her face. "Shit!" He grabbed his backpack and rushed out of the 
classroom with his fly wide open.
      "So this is why you're so popular with the students," Mara smirked 
at the younger teacher who was still sitting on the floor. In her 
mid-thirties, Mara liked to think of herself as an attractive women and 
as the best-looking teacher in the school (not that there're many), that 
is, until Karen came along. She had always been jealous about Karen 
winning her popularity so quickly, both among teachers and the students.
      Struggling, Karen tried to get up and pull the polo-shirt down to 
cover her breasts. Mara stopped her by grabbing her left nipple and 
tucked at it so hard that she fell forward. "Ouch!" Karen cried out in 
pain. "Shut up and stay there!" she made Karen remain kneeling by 
keeping the grip on her nipple. "Now, what's this?" said Mara as she 
picked up the photo from the desk. "Please, I can explain 
everything...ouch!" "I said shut up! So that's how you became so 
popular? Showing off your pussy to everyone and screwing your students? 
No wonder-" "No! That's not true! It was Mark and Steve! They made me do 
all this!" "Shut up!" Mara scolded, this time emphasizing it again by 
tucking at Karen's nipple so hard that her breast was pulled into a cone 
shape. "Oh!" Karen moaned in agony. Tears went down her cheeks. "Shut up 
you lying bitch! You're a slut and I caught you. And now your ass is 
mine!" "Pl-please..." "Listen, bitch! I caught you sexual harassing a 
student, and if you don't do as I say, you're going to jail! Now is that 
clear?" Sobbing, Karen nodded. This is like a nightmare. "Don't you 
worry," Mara went on, "I'm not interested in that filthy cunt of yours, 
and I don't have time for you today. Just be ready to do whatever I say 
whenever I say it, is that clear? Your ass is now mine!"
      "Yes, yes," Karen gasped. She collapsed onto her hands and knees 
when Mara finally released the grip on her nipple, trembling. Mara put 
the photo into her pocket. "Get up, slut! And get the hell out of here!" 
she said, kicking Karen's ass. After covering her breasts and wiping the 
come off her face, Karen ran out of the classroom. She knew her day had 
just began. She still had to meet Mark in his office, and after all that 
happened, she was now awfully late.

      "Now what has kept you, miss Johnson," said Mark teasingly when he 
saw her, "haven't you learnt your lesson?" "Please!" Karen pleaded and 
explained to him what happened. Mark listened to Karen's story, amazed, 
and he smiling wickedly as he examined her bruised nipple. "So now our 
little secret is compromised..." he said, "Please, could we stop all 
this?" "No, I think we'll be fine as long as you keep Jeff and Mara 
happy, right?" "Oh, God..." "I'm asking you a question, slut!" "Oh, 
y,yes. Sir..." "Good. From now on, you'll do whatever Jeff and Mara 
says, and then come back to tell me and Steve all about it, is that 
clear?" "Y---yes, sir..." "Good. Now let's see what we've got for 
you..." 




Slave Teacher
                                        V.

"Let's see what we've got for you..." and Mark had surely got a lot in 
store for Karen. He took Karen to his place, where Steve and Amy were 
already waiting. Steve was lying on the couch sipping a glass of whisky, 
and Amy was kneeling naked by his feet obediently.
	"Amy, why don't you make your teacher comfortable," Steve said. Amy 
stood up and walked over to Karen. Meekly, she grabbed the bottom of 
Karen's polo-shirt and began to pull it up. Karen gasped and grabbed her 
hands to stop her. "Please, miss Johnson," Amy whispered, "otherwise 
we'll both be punished." Karen let go and Amy pulled the polo-shirt off 
her completely. And then she took off her skirt and g-string. When Karen 
was completely naked, Amy led her by the hand to the center of the 
living room and laid her down. "No, please..." knowing very well what 
was going to happen, Karen pleaded. Amy stopped her by grabbing her 
shoulders and kissed her on the mouth, forcing her tongue in. Gently, 
Amy kissed her way down Karen's neck to her breasts, and her skillful 
tongue soon had her teacher trembling with pleasure. She went on kissing 
and caressing until Karen finally couldn't hold back any longer and 
closed her eyes and moaned. She spread her legs when Amy's tongue 
reached her pussy, which was by now glistening with her juices. When Amy 
climbed on top on her with her pussy facing her face, Karen grabbed her 
student's smooth teenage ass tentatively, and when Amy began licking her 
again, she responded by pulling Amy down and began licking her back. 
Soon the young woman and the teen were licking each other in frenzy, 
with their bodies squirming uncontrollably.
      Steve then came over and handed Amy the strap-on dildo. Amy 
quickly put it on and positioned herself between Karen's legs. "Go on, 
Amy remember Wednesday?," Mark chuckled, "it's time for you to return 
the favor!" Amy entered her with one thrust and Karen cried out in 
abandonment. As Amy began fucking her, she wrapped her legs around Amy 
and returned Amy's kisses passionately. Driven by Karen's response, Amy 
fucked her teacher faster and faster until Karen came with a series of 
spasms. Then Amy was ordered to take off the strap-on and hand it to 
Karen, who was still trying to catch her breath. "C'mon slut, suck it, 
lick it clean!" Steve ordered. Reluctantly, Karen took the dildo in her 
mouth and tasted her own juices. She felt humiliated, being made to 
taste her own juices, but, much to her shame and dismay, her body was 
betraying her, and she could feel her pussy getting wet again. Then it 
was her turn to put on the dildo and fuck Amy. She obeyed, struggling to 
get up. When she began fucking the student, the two men cheered, telling 
her to fuck the girl harder. Karen, on her part, was exhausted after the 
powerful organism, but she still tried hard to keep up the rhythm.
      "C'mon, slut! Harder!" Steve shouted. Finally he got up and took 
off his belt. Standing behind Karen, he brought the leather belt heavily 
down on her ass. "I said harder! Slut!" Whack! Whack!
      "Ouch! Ah! Ah!" Karen cried out in pain as Steve kept whipping 
her, while at the same time Amy was moaning with pleasure. Fortunately, 
Amy came quickly, but by that time there were already more than twenty 
striking red welts across Karen's ass. Steve stopped whipping and Karen 
collapsed on top of Amy, exhausted.
      "C'mon, slut! We're only just getting started!" said Mark as he 
and Steve lifted her off Amy. They laid her on the coffee table and took 
off her strap-on. "No..." she pleaded as Steve and Mark mounted her. 
Steve entered her pussy with one deep thrust and then held still while 
Mark eased his cock in her tight asshole slowly. "Oh, oh, oh," Karen 
moaned as she felt the two cocks throbbing inside her. Then the two men 
began pumping in and out of her alternatively, matching their strokes. 
Amy was ordered to straddle Karen's face, and with a squeeze on her 
breasts, Steve told Karen to lick her student's pussy. Karen quickly 
complied, her hands reaching up to fondle Amy's breasts. Karen came 
violently and came again within seconds. After the two men had come 
inside her, she was totally exhausted. She just lay on the coffee table 
gasping, her face wet with Amy's juices, and with cum leaking out of her 
holes. After that, Amy was allowed to get dressed and go home first. 
Karen on her part had to stay for a humiliating night. She was allowed 
to shower while the men cooked. While Mark and Steve had their dinner, 
Karen had to serve them, then she was allowed to have hers, given to her 
in a bowl placed on the floor. Then she was taken to the bedroom, tied 
spread-eagled on the bed and fucked by her two colleagues again.

      She had barely recovered when Monday came. Much to her relief, 
Jeff seemed to be scared off after being caught by Mara, and didn't 
bother her for the whole day. Even Amy had stopped dropping her pen "by 
accident", and Karen also found standing in front of her class in a 
short skirt less humiliating than it used to feel. Finally, the last 
period was over. Karen was just about to consider it a lucky day when 
she found Mara waiting for her outside the classroom.
      "Hi, Mara," she said hesitantly.
      "Hi, slut," Mara answered. "Please!" Karen pleaded, looking around 
nervously to see if any student had heard that.
      "Wh-what do you want?"
      "Remember you said that you'd do anything I said? Well, it's time 
to do it now. Come with me."
      Mara led Karen to the biology lab. "Get in," she led Karen into a 
small room inside the lab where the instruments were kept and closed the 
door. "Take off you clothes," she ordered. "Please," Karen pleaded, "can 
we not do this?" "Shut up and do it, Slut! Or we can go to see Dr 
Jackson rightaway!" Reluctantly, Karen undressed. When she was all nude 
except for her high heels, Mara took a piece of rope and tied her hands 
behind her back. "Please..." Karen pleaded. "Shut up and wait here!" 
With these words she went out.
      Karen's eyes opened wide in horror when she heard Mara open the 
door of the lab and a group of students came in. "Hey, miss Lloyd," one 
of the call out, "what's the deal? I thought we're going to have a 
Spanish test." and some other students joined in. "You guys just wait 
and see," said Mara cheerfully as she went back into the small room.
      "What do you want?" Karen asked her in panic. "Please, let me get 
dress and go! Those are students outside! I can't let them see me like 
this!" She pleaded, whispering. "Listen, slut!" said Mara as she grabbed 
Karen's right nipple and twisted it, causing her to wince in pain. 
"Either you do as I say, or I'll just let them do anything they want! Do 
what I say, and I won't let them touch you, at least not today." "Oh, 
God, Mara," Karen whined, "why are you doing this to me?" "Shut up, 
bitch! Are you going to do it or not?" Sobbing, Karen nodded.
      After wiping the tears off Karen's face, Mara opened the door. 
"Now, guys," she announced, "since we have just learnt about the human 
body last week, I'm going to give you a test today on the vocabulary 
about the female body..." "Oh, c'mon," one guy shouted, "give us a 
break!" "You just wait until you see my assistant...miss Johnson!" said 
Mara, grinning. Grabbing Karen by her arm, she led the trembling woman 
out of the storage room. Karen blushed in shame as she saw the students 
in the room. There were ten of them, all male. She recognized that some 
were juniors in the school, but luckily none were in her class. Their 
mouths all dropped open when they saw her walk in, totally naked, then 
they all looked at each other and started grinning. Karen felt like she 
was going to die as the students devoured her with their gaze. "This is 
cool, man..." one of the students whispered to the guy sitting next him.
      "Now," said Mara as she put a box on the desk. She opened it so 
that the students could see that there were some metal clips inside, 
with little labels attached to each of them. "The test is very simple. 
All you have to do, is to pick up a label, and attach it to where it 
belongs. Now, shall we began? C'mon, Simon, draw a label from the box. 
Now don't look..."
      The first student came out cheerfully from his seat. He was 
disappointed when he saw that he had picked "el brazo". "Don't move," 
Mara whispered to Karen as she stood next to her. Simon hesitated as he 
looked at the clip in his hand and then at Karen. "C'mon, put it on. 
That's an easy one." Finally, the teen attached the clip to Karen's arm. 
Karen gasped as she felt the clip bite onto her flesh. "Tell him that 
it's correct and thank him." Mara ordered. "That-that is correct, 
th--thank you." Karen said, blushing with humiliation. The second 
student jumped up in excitement when he picked "el culo", and the entire 
class cheered as he put the clip on. Then another clip on her arm, her 
belly button, another on her ass, and two on her thighs. The students 
were aware that there must be something going on between the two 
teachers, but by now they just couldn't care less. Karen looked at a 
student in horror when she saw that he had picked "el pezï¿½n". The 
student was a bit hesitant when he saw Karen's reaction. "C'mon, Mike, 
do you know what it means? You do? Then show us! I think this young man 
here need some encouragement, miss Johnson," Mara was really enjoying 
it. "Y-yeah Mike, put it on...it's okay...oh! oh, oh, thank you..." 
Karen moaned in pain as the clip's jaws closed upon her nipple, which 
was by now rock-hard. "Well done!" said Mara, and the entire class 
cheered. "Now, who's next?" There were still more than a dozen clips in 
the box. One went to the other nipple, three more to each breast, three 
more to her ass, and two more to her thighs. Karen was in agony. Her 
forehead was covered with sweat, and her legs were trembling.
      Finally, there were only two clips left in the box. The student 
who picked one up was puzzled, as he realized that it was linked to the 
other by an elastic band. The label read "los labios". "What..." he 
looked at Mara for instructions, puzzled. "Well, what else do you think 
it is?" "C'mon Kevin!" the other students cheered, "get on with it!" 
"Oh, God no!" Karen whispered in horror. "Ah!" she gasped in pain as the 
student reached down between her legs and attached the first clip to her 
lip, and she winced as the student wound the band behind her back, 
pulling on her lip, until he reached the other lip. Then he snapped the 
other clip on. "AH! Ah! Th-thank you," Karen gasped in agony as the 
student let go of the clip and the elastic band stretched her cuntlips 
wide open. It was too much for her, and she collapsed onto her knees. 
"God she's wet!" she heard the student whispered to his friends.
      "Okay guys," Mara said, "I think miss Johnson is tired, so that's 
all for today. Now don't be disappointed," she added, "To give you some 
incentive to study, miss Johnson will give a special prize to anyone 
here who gets the highest mark in the exam by the end of this month. 
Isn't that great? So study hard!"

       "Why are you doing this to me, Mara?" Karen asked sobbing when 
the students were gone, "What have I done?" "Because that's what you 
deserve, slut!" Mara scolded as she took out a thin leather belt. "Now 
let's get these clips off you," with these words she began whipping 
Karen with the belt. "You think you're hot, huh? You like showing off 
your body to every guy in the school? Well now I'm giving you the chance 
to do it!" "Ah, ah, ah!" Karen moaned and squirmed in pain as Mara 
landed blow after blow on her body. "Ah!" She screamed as the belt 
landed squarely on her pussy. When all the clips had come off, Karen 
just lay on the floor exhausted, whining. Her breasts, her arms, her ass 
and her thighs were all covered with red welts. Mara dropped the belt 
and admired her work, running her hand along Karen's body. "So you're 
wet!" she sneered, "slut!" "Pl...please..." Karen pleaded in a barely 
audible voice, "can I go now?" "Okay," said Mara as she untied her, "I 
guess that's enough for today. But I ain't done with you yet, slut! Now 
get dressed and get the hell out of here!" 




Slave Teacher
                                        VI.

Mark and Steve listened in amazement as Karen recounted her ordeal in 
Mara's hands. They were in Mark's place, where the two men sat drinking 
in the living room, with Karen kneeling naked in front of them. Karen 
was ordered to fondled herself as she spoke, and now she had one hand 
rubbing her rock-hard nipples while to other moved up her thighs to her 
pussy. 
	Steve had an idea when Karen told him about the clips. He went over to 
the desk and came back with a box of paper clips. "Come here, slut," he 
said to Karen, who was by now gasping with excitement. "Take these clips 
and show me where the students put them." "Wh-what?" "You heard me, 
slut! Now don't make me repeat myself!" With trembling hands, Karen took 
the clips and began to apply them to her body. She began her story 
again, and gasped as the first clip bit onto her flesh. She hesitated 
when she picked up the second clip. "C'mon slut!" Steve barked. "Where 
did the second one go?" Mark asked teasingly. "My...my breast..." "Show 
us." Biting her lip, Karen put the clip on. She winced as she felt its 
jaws close upon the tender flesh of her breast. It was humiliating 
enough for her to have to recount her ordeal, and now she even had to 
reenact it.... However, as she continued to apply the clips to her body, 
she could feel her pussy getting wetter and wetter, and soon her thighs 
were glistening with her juices. When she had finally applied the two 
clips to her pussy, her whole body was trembling. What a bitch, that 
Mara! Mark thought when Karen told them that she was given as the reward 
for the highest mark in the Spanish test. Now the situation seemed to be 
getting more and more complicated. Better keep that woman happy so that 
she'd keep her mouth shut. But the students.... 
      When Karen finished her story, they told her to start playing with 
herself again, and she complied immediately, rubbing her pussy so hard 
that one of the clips on her lips fell off, and she came within seconds, 
with loud moans and wild spasms.
	"What a show!" Mark said, "well done, slut! Now come here and get your 
reward. Hey Steve, now I know to do to get the players of our basketball 
team going!" he chuckled.

	"What do you want?" Karen asked Jeff as she saw that he had stayed 
behind after class again. Her voice was shaking with anger. If it 
weren't for him she wouldn't have been blackmailed by Mara. "I just want 
to finish what we started the other day," said Jeff, grinning. 
      "You idiot!" Karen scolded, "Do you have any idea what kind of 
trouble you've got me into? How dare you come to me again!"
	"I don't care. And I know about that Spanish class you and Miss Lloyd 
were giving. She told me about it, and she said it's okay for me to see 
you again. Now it's not fair that you put up such a show for those guys. 
And besides, now I have more things to tell Dr Jackson if you don't make 
me happy."
	"You little-"
	"I wouldn't say that if I were you," Jeff interrupted her. "Now we can 
either do it here or we can find somewhere more private. Why don't we go 
to the storeroom at the back of the gym? That's where all the fun began, 
right?"
      In the storeroom, Karen was quickly made to strip and knee down. 
Jeff looked at his gorgeous teacher kneeling naked in front of him and 
swallowed. "Put your hands behind your head," he said. As Karen 
complied, he grabbed her breasts and started fondling them. Wow! He 
thought to himself. Karen closed her eyes and blushed in shame as her 
students played with her breasts. Within seconds her nipples were 
rock-hard, and she gasped as Jeff squeezed them gently. "Ouch!" She 
cried out and opened her eyes in surprise when Jeff pinched her nipples 
real hard. "You like that don't you?" asked Jeff with a cocksure grin. 
"No, Jeff, I don't!" "Some women like that, I read about it on the 
internet." "I said I don't like it! That hurts, please, stop! Ah!" "Shut 
up! And put your hands back behind your head!" Jeff hissed, emphasizing 
it with another squeeze on Karen's nipples.
	"Oh, oh," Karen gasped lightly as Jeff went on molesting her tits, 
squeezing them and pinching her nipples. Then Jeff unzipped and pulled 
his cock. "C'mon, miss Johnson, take it in your mouth!" Grabbing Karen's 
head, he pulled her forward. Karen moaned in dismay as she felt the tip 
of his cock pressing against her lips. "Do it!" Reluctantly she opened 
her mouth and took it in, and Jeff began pumping her mouth clumsily. 
Carried away in his excitement, he was already shooting his cum down her 
throat after a few strokes. "Please, can I go now?" Karen asked after 
Jeff had pulled out. "No, that's not enough. C'mon, make me hard again. 
I want to fuck you. No wait, I want to feel you up some more." With 
these words Jeff had Karen lie down on her back, spread her legs and 
began rubbing her pussy. He grinned when he found out that she was wet. 
"See? Like I said, you like being treated roughly!" "No, that's not 
true!" Karen protested, and she blushed in shame as her student explored 
her pussy with his fingers. Her body trembled with excitement as he 
began toying with her clit, and she let out a moan when Jeff thrust two 
fingers into her and began finger-fucking her, which had her coming 
within seconds. She tried to control herself, but her body betrayed her 
and she came violently, moaning and wriggling. Amazed, Jeff continued 
finger-fucking her until she came again. 
	"Oh, oh, oh," Karen moaned, "Please stop!" she pleaded. "Here, make me 
hard again!" Said Jeff as he pressed his semi-hard cock into her mouth. 
Karen sucked him obediently until he was hard again. Then, after Jeff 
had positioned himself between her legs, she guided him into her as he 
ordered. Jeff felt like he was in one of his wet dreams. Not only was he 
fucking a woman for the first time, he was also actually fucking his 
gorgeous, sexy teacher! He grabbed her hips and began pumping her in 
frenzy, and soon had Karen moaning and squirming under him again. As 
Karen moaned louder and louder, he couldn't hold back any longer and 
emptied his balls into her tight, hot pussy.
	"Hmm...that's great, miss Johnson," said Jeff as he collapsed on top
of her.

	The two of them remained in the storeroom until the evening, and when 
Karen returned to school the next day, she had barely recovered from the 
exhaustion. Jeff seemed to have an insatiable interest in her body. 
After resting for awhile, he had her suck him hard so that he could fuck 
her again. When he could no longer get a hard-on, he fondled and 
fingered her just to watch her come. Karen could hardly remember how 
many times she had come, all she could recall was that Jeff's hand was 
all wet with her juices in the end, and she had to lick it clean. She 
almost laughed when she heard that the boy had called in sick the next 
day.




Slave Teacher
                                            VII.

Karen could hardly control herself when she ran into Mara that 
afternoon. "What have you told Jeff?" She asked Mara angrily, "why did 
you tell him to come back to me? Haven't you caused me enough pain and 
humiliation already? I have done nothing to you, but you're trying to 
turn me into a whore!" 
      "Shut up, slut!" Mara hissed as she reached out, grabbed Karen's 
right nipple through her shirt and twisted it. "Ouch!" Karen gasped in 
pain, and her hands reached up to protect her breasts. "Keep quiet and 
put your hands down!" Mara threatened, "unless you want everyone in this 
corridor to see what we're doing!"
      Gasping with the pain, Karen complied. They were standing in a 
corner with her back towards other people in the corridor. As Mara said, 
if she didn't make a show, no one would notice.
      "Look at you, slut," said Mara, "you're wearing a shirt without a 
bra, showing off your body and making your tits easily available to 
anyone--" she emphasized that with another vicious twist on Karen's 
nipple--"and now you're blaming me?"
      "Oh, oh, please, stop," Karen pleaded, "I'm, I'm sorry, please, 
that hurts!"
      "Listen, you slut, I can say whatever I want to anyone and do 
whatever I want to you! And I'm gonna make you pay for talking to me 
like that!"
      "No, please! I'm sorry!"
      "If you don't want to do it, you just go and tell Dr Jackson what 
you've been doing, and I won't bother you anymore-or maybe I can do that 
for you?"
      "No, please! I'll, I'll do what you say!"
      "Fine, then meet me outside the storeroom after school! Is that 
clear, slut?"
	"Yes, yes," Karen answered, sobbing.

      Many horrible scenes went through Karen's mind as she waited for 
Mara outside the storeroom. What humiliating act will she be made to 
perform this time? Much to her shame, her nipples hardened at the 
thought, and she couldn't help blushing when she saw Mara. "Get in," 
Mara pushed Karen inside and closed the door. There was little light in 
the room, and before Karen's eyes could adjust to the darkness, Mara 
took a piece of cloth and blindfolded her with it. "Take off you 
clothes," she ordered. "Please," Karen pleaded, "can we not do this?" 
"Shut up and do it! Slut! Or we can go to see Dr Jackson rightaway!" 
Reluctantly, Karen undressed. When she was all nude except for her high 
heels, she heard the sound of Mara switching on the lights. Then Mara 
led her to the center of the room and made her stand there. Naked and 
blindfolded, Karen felt vulnerable and tried to cover herself. "Stop 
that!" said Mara. "Sluts like you have no shame, right?" "Is that 
right?" she asked again, with a slap on Karen's breasts. "Ouch!" Karen 
cried out in surprise. "Y, yes-I mean no-" "Say it, stupid bitch!" 
"Sl-sluts like me have no sh-shame." "And showing off your body makes 
you hot." "Sh-showing off my body makes me hot..." "Then why don't you 
start playing with yourself?" 
      "What?" Karen asked in shock. "I said play with yourself, stupid 
cunt!" Mara scolded, slapping Karen's breasts again. "Ouch!" Karen cried 
out, and, with hands shaking with humiliation, she began caressing her 
breasts. She cupped her breasts and squeezed her nipples, and then 
stopped. "Please," she pleaded, "I can't do this..." Wack! "Ah!" Karen 
jumped as she felt a burning pain across her thighs. Mara must have hit 
her with a ruler. "Do it, slut!" Mara scolded as she hit her again. 
Blindfolded, Karen jumped with surprise as Mara hit her again. Not being 
able to see what Mara was doing, she felt completely open and 
defenseless, and despite herself, she felt her nipples getting hard. She 
began caressing her breasts again with trembling hands, and her body 
shuddered gently as she pinched her nipples, which were by now 
rock-hard. As she had done in many times in front of Mark and Steve, she 
continued to caress her breasts with one hand while the other slid down 
her body to her pussy. Only when she touched her lips did she realize 
how wet she was, and the thought that Mara must have noticed that made 
her even more embarrassed. She began rubbing herself, first slowly, then 
faster and faster, and the other also moved down to play with her clit, 
and she began gasping with excitement.
      "You like it, don't you? Miss Johnson, or should I call you slut?" 
asked Mara teasingly. "Wh-what?" Karen asked dreamily. Whack! Mara hit 
her with the ruler again, this time right across her ass. "Do you like 
it!?" "Ouch, y-yes, yes, please don't hit me, oh," "No, I think you like 
it more when I hit you, you're such a slut!" with these words Mara hit 
her a few more times on her ass. "Oh, oh, ah!" Karen cried out. As Mara 
said, the pain of the blows only excited her more, and as the last blow 
landed squarely across her ass, she came violently with a load moan and 
a shudder.
	"Oh, oh," Karen fell onto her knees, gasping, exhausted. She let out a 
cry of alarm when a hand grabbed her pussy from behind. "No, please," 
she protested meekly as two fingers pushed their way into her wet hole. 
Ignoring her pleas, the two fingers began thrusting back and forth and 
soon Karen was trembling with excitement again. "Please, Mara, stop..." 
Karen pleaded but wait! She suddenly realised that the hand foundling 
her had a rough feel to it--it was a man's hand! In shock, she took off 
her blindfold immediately and saw Mara standing in front of her, with 
her arms folded, grinning. She turned around and saw that it was Ben, 
the janitor, who was fingering her with a wicked grin on his face.
	"Oh, God, no!" Karen cried out in horror and tried to get up. "Don't 
go, miss Johnson," Ben chuckled as he grabbed her with the other hand, 
"We've only just begun!" "No!" Karen cried out as she struggled in vain. 
"Shut up, slut!" said Mara as she grabbed both of Karen's breasts and 
squeezed them cruelly. When she let go, the marks of her fingers could 
be clearly seen on her white globes of Karen's breasts. "Since you said 
that I was trying to turn you into a whore, that's exactly what I'll be 
doing. Now you tell Ben that you want to be his sex slave, or I'll give 
the tape of your performance to Dr Jackson!" Mara said, pointing to a 
videocam in a corner of the room.
	"Oh, God," Karen whined. "C'mon, slut, say it!" Mara urged while Ben 
kept fingering her and began fondling with her breasts. Despite her 
humiliation Karen found herself approaching another orgasm, and she let 
out a grunt of dismay as he slowed down. "Pl-please, Ben..." she said 
meekly, "Please what, Karen?" asked Ben, teasingly. "Pl...please I-I 
want to be your s-sex slave..." "That's right," said Mara, laughing, 
"tell him that he can do anything he wants to you and use you in any 
way." "Oh, oh, B-Ben you can d-do anything you want to-to me and u--use 
me in any...any way..." Karen pleaded. She felt defeated and totally 
humiliated. Mara had set her up and now she was giving herself to yet 
another man, and even begging him to abuse her. When she thought of 
this, she could no longer hold back her tears.
	"Excellent!" Mara exclaimed, "now Ben, I guess I'd better leave the 
two of you alone!" "Thanks a lot, Miss Lloyd!" Ben chuckled. "No problem! 
Enjoy yourself!" said Mara cheerfully as she left. "And you too, Karen!"

	"Working late today, Ben?" Dr Jackson asked the janitor when he ran 
into him on his way out. "Yeah," Ben answered, "still got some dirty 
work to finish." "Well then, see you tomorrow," said the principal as he 
left the building. Seeing that he had left, Ben opened the door of the 
store room. Waiting inside was Karen, completely naked, on her knees in 
front of a desk. With her hands tied behind her back, she was gagged by 
her own g-string. A string was tied to each of her nipple, and the other 
end was tied to the handle of the lowest drawer of the desk, thus 
keeping her on her knees.
	"C'mon, Miss Johnson--I mean, slut, it's party time!" Ben chuckled as 
he untied the strings and began leading Karen out of the room by pulling 
the strings. "Hmmmm!" Karen cried out in panic under the gag, fearing 
that someone might see her like this. "C'mon! Bitch!" Ben scolded as he 
tucked the strings impatiently, pulling on her nipples. Karen whimpered 
in pain and with her face blushing with shame, followed him out of the 
room.
     Ben led Karen down the corridor, walking ahead of her, keeping the 
strings taut. "I think you have been sitting for too long, Miss 
Johnson," he teased the teacher as he saw that she was gasping with the 
pain on her breasts. "Let's take a walk so that you can stretch your 
legs!" he chuckled. He led her to the other end of the corridor and back 
to the store room, then he made her knee down in front of the open door, 
and laid a chair down between her and the door. Tying the two strings 
together, he hung them on the door knob. As Karen was on her knees, her 
breasts were pulled upwards into a cone shape, while the chair stopped 
her from moving closer to the door. Karen couldn't help but moaned under 
her gag in pain. "You like that, don't you, slut?" Ben chuckled. "Well, 
there's more to come!" He found a thin, long, wooden rod and returned to 
where she was kneeling. Karen looked up at him and the rod in his hands 
with eyes filled with fear. Ben thought his cock was going to burst out 
of his pants as he looked at Karen. Totally defenseless, trembling as 
she strained to keep her body up so that her tits wouldn't be pulled so 
hard, gasping and wincing with pain, with a thin layer of sweat on the 
fair skin of her body. He couldn't hold back any longer. He raised the 
rod and swish! brought it down across Karen's back. "Hmmmm!" Karen 
winced and cried out under her gag. "Hmmm! Hmmm!" She moaned and writhed 
wildly as much as the strings would allow under Ben's blows. Soon her 
back and her arms were all covered with red stripes. "Lovely..." Ben 
murmured as he stroke her trembling ass and Swish! Karen jumped as she 
felt the rod hit her across her ass. "Hmmm!" she screamed as blow after 
blow landed on her ass, then her thighs, and soon they were all 
criss-crossed with red welts.
      "Now the interesting part..." Ben grinned as he stepped forward 
and stood next to the trembling teacher. Seeing that he was staring at 
her breasts, Karen twisted her head fanatically. "Now take this, slut!" 
said Ben as he brought the rod down on her delicate breasts, drawing a 
red welt across the white globes. When the rod hit her, Karen jerked 
back in pain, only to tuck cruelly at her own nipples. She moaned and 
bent forward again, just in time to meet Ben's second blow. "Hmm!" She 
screamed in agony as Ben hit her again and again, until there were more 
then ten red welts across her breasts. Tears went down her cheeks, and 
when Ben dropped down the rod, she was already exhausted from crying out 
for so long.
	Dropping time the rod, Ben immediately unzipped and pulled out his 
cock. He knelt down behind Karen and entered her with one deep thrust, 
causing a groan from her. Ben chuckled as he realized how wet Karen was, 
and reaching in front to grab her breasts, he began fucking her in long 
hard strokes. Karen could not help but began moaning under her gag. 
Sensing that her body was also trembling with excitement, he squeezed 
her breasts even harder and increased his tempo, until her body was 
taken by a series of spasms. At this he couldn't hold back any more and 
began pump his cum into her hot, wet pussy.

     Karen let out a sigh of relief as Ben finally untied the strings 
from the door knob. "This is real good slut," Ben said, smiling 
contentedly, still holding the strings in his hand. "Next time, I'll get 
some real toys." When Karen looked at him in horror, he gave her a tuck 
on the strings. "Have you forgotten? You're my fuck toy now! And you'll 
come to me whenever I want! Is that clear?" 
Karen nodded, whimpering.




Slave Teacher
VIII.

Karen went to school with a feeling of apprehension. After the episodes 
with Jeff and Ben, she felt totally vulnerable. She was no longer sure 
how many people in the school knew her secret and felt as if anyone 
could come and take advantage of her any minute. Perhaps Ben would give 
her to someone else, just like what Mara did. And Mara, God knows what 
she's going to do next. And there're also Steve and Mark...
      Biting her lower lip, she tried to maintain her composure and not 
to look around as she walked along the corridor to the classroom. Still, 
she could feel the guys' gaze on her body, and her face was blushing. 
When she heard some girls giggling as she walked past, she wondered if 
they were laughing at her. A weakness swept her over and she felt her 
nipples getting hard. She told herself that it's because they're rubbing 
against her shirt rather than her feeling of humiliation, but the words 
of Mara kept springing up in her mind. She's a slut! She gets turned on 
being watched and humiliated!
      Finally, she came to the classroom. Much to her relief, the 
teaching seemed to go on fine, given what she had been through already. 
The boys had their usual grin when they saw her short skirt and shirt, 
but nothing more. Only that Jeff was smiling at her knowingly, as well 
as Amy's change of attitude reminded her of what happened. After the 
incident, Amy had changed from the rebellious girl that she was to a 
quiet, cooperative student whenever she's in Karen's class. Dr Jackson 
even praised Karen once for this. If only he knew what we've been 
through together, Karen thought and sighed.
      Given the wicked grin on Jeff's face, Karen was not really 
surprised to find a note in the homework that he handed in. "I want you 
to drop this and bend over to pick it up." That little prick! Karen 
thought. Resigned, she pretended to drop the whole stack of homework 
accidentally, and then bent over to pick them up. She knew that some of 
the welts on the top of her thighs and her ass from Ben's whipping were 
still faintly visible, and she wondered how many of the students had 
noticed that. Her legs were trembling as she picked up the pieces of 
paper, and when she turned around she saw the wide grin on Jeff's face. 
I hope you're happy now, you scumbag, she thought. 
      Amy caught up with her in the corridor after class. "Are you okay, 
Miss Johnson?" the teen asked meekly. "I don't know, yeah, I guess," 
Karen answered, trying in vain to hold back her tears. "Oh, I don't 
know," she said as tears began to flow. "Hush, come here," said Amy as 
she led Karen to an empty classroom. Closing the door behind them, she 
held the sobbing teacher in her arms. When Karen finally stopped 
sobbing, Amy said meekly, "I'm sorry, but Mark Simpson wants to see us 
in his office."

      Mark admired the faint marks on Karen's naked body as she 
recounted her further adventures. He grinned as he noticed the moisture 
on Karen's shaven pussy lips. The woman is getting turned on telling her 
own humiliation! In fact, listening to Karen's tale gave him a kind of 
voyeuristic pleasure and he was getting incredibly turned on too. When 
Karen finished, he immediately had her undress Amy and fuck her with a 
strap-on while he first whipped her with his belt and then fucked her in 
the ass. Whether it was because of the threat or excitement from the 
whipping, Karen fucked Amy in real earnest, and she moaned and squirmed 
wildly as Mark ass-fucked her. When Karen licked his cock clean, he had 
an idea. He and Steve had only had Amy to themselves and had never tried 
to humiliate her publicly, fearing that they'd get caught. When they 
blackmailed Karen into dressing more provocatively and made her bend 
over to show off her ass, their intention was mainly to discredit Karen 
in order to protect themselves. Now, after the strange development of 
events, they found this to be much more interesting than they had 
thought. And Karen, on her part, seemed totally powerless over all these 
things, and was even gradually submitting herself to them.... "Listen, 
slut," he said, "I want you to meet me in the locker room tomorrow after 
school." "Y-yes, sir." Karen answered meekly.

       Karen could hardly concentrate on her teaching the following day. 
When school was finally over, she went immediately to the locker room, 
and found Mark there, waiting for her with a bag in his hands. "Hi, 
slut," Mark greeted her cheerfully. "H-hi, sir," Karen answered almost 
automatically, wondering what kind of humiliation was in store for her. 
"Here," said Mark as he took out a cheerleader's uniform from the bag, 
"change into this." "Wh-" "I said change into this, slut!" With 
trembling hands, Karen undressed. "Off with that G-string too." The 
uniform was too small and it hugged tightly to Karen's body, and her 
rock-hard nipples were clearly visible. When she was done, Mark took out 
a pair of handcuffs and a ball gag. Karen, with her head lowered in 
shame, did not offer any resistance as Mark gagged her and tied her 
hands behind her back. Next, he took out a leather collar with a leash 
and put it on her.
       "Did you know that our basketball team just won an important game 
yesterday? They're in the semi-final of the tournament now. I promised 
them a reward before the game, and it's time I-" "Mmmmm!" Karen 
protested in panic and struggled madly at her bonds, but Mark grabbed 
her arm and squeezed her breasted cruelly, causing her to wince and stop 
struggling. "Listen, slut!" he said, "You can do this or I can have Amy 
in your place! Is that what you want?" Reluctant as Karen was, she 
couldn't make her student take her place. Closing her eyes, she shook 
her head. "So will you do this or what?" Mark asked again, and with 
tears in her eyes, Karen nodded. "Good," Mark chuckled. "Now wait here 
while I go get your young stallions..." he said as he made Karen kneel 
down on the floor and tied the leash to a bench.
       While Karen was waiting, she couldn't help noticing how hard her 
nipples were, and her pussy was getting wetter and wetter. Finally, she 
heard Mark's voice and the voices of some young men approaching. "Hey 
coach, what's the deal? You said there'd be a---" the first student just 
stood at the entrance to the locker room with his mouth wide open when 
he saw Karen kneeling on the floor with hands cuffed behind her back, 
her head lowered in shame, and with her chin wet with drool. "C'mon, 
guys," said Mark as he pushed the stunned young man forward and ushered 
the others into the room. "Holy shit!" Another guy exclaimed. "Like I 
said," Mark said as he went over to Karen, unattached her leash and 
helped her up, "you guys have done very well at the same and all deserve 
a reward. And Ms Johnson here has kindly agreed to help me, 'cos there's 
nothing she likes more than healthy and energetic young men," "B-but 
what's with the gag and handcuffs?" a student asked. "That's how she 
likes it, right? Ms Johnson?" Mark asked teasingly as he grabbed her arm 
and squeezed it menacingly. Blushing, with her eyes closed, Karen 
nodded. "C'mon guys, take your prize, and make your teacher happy!" Said 
Mark as he pushed Karen forward to the students. Seeing that they were 
still hesitating, he lifted Karen's top to reveal her full, firm breasts 
and rock-hard nipples, causing her to moan in dismay.
       The students gasped at the sight. Their gorgeous teacher standing 
in front of them with her hands tied and her breasts exposed, offering 
herself to them! Finally, swallowing hard, one of them reached out and 
cupped Karen's left breast. Karen closed her eyes and whimpered. Seeing 
that she didn't try to resist, the guy reached out and grabbed her other 
breast. Encouraged by this, the other guys on the team gathered around 
the younger teacher and soon their hands were all over her body. "Hey, 
she's all wet!" A guy exclaimed as he felt between her legs. Karen 
moaned in shame as he lifted her skirt to let everyone see her 
glistening pussy, but despite herself her body was already trembling 
with excitement. The students lifted her up and laid her on the bench, 
and some of them began undressing. The cheerleader uniform was first 
pushed up, then torn off completely. With her hands tied behind her 
back, Karen was completely defenseless as the students explored her 
body. One guy thrust two fingers into her pussy and began finger-fucking 
her, while another shoved his middle finger all the way up her tight 
ass. 
      "Mmmm!" Karen moaned and squirmed. The student who was fingering 
her pulled out and wiped his fingers on her breasts as his teammates 
cheered. Spreading her legs wide, he positioned himself at the entrance 
of her hot, wet pussy. "Now, Miss Johnson, this comes first!" he said as 
he entered her with one deep thrust. As the first student fucked her, 
another guy slowly eased his cock up her ass and the two began fucking 
her together. A third guy straddled Karen's stomach and positioned his 
cock between her breasts, which he then pressed together as he thrust 
his cock back and forth. Karen could hardly believe that this was 
actually happening. She was tied, gagged and being fucked by three 
students at once! "Oh, oh, ah!" she moaned loudly as a student removed 
her gag, but her moans were soon muffled again when he grabbed her head 
and filled her mouth with his cock....

      It was more than two hours later when the students finally left, 
all satisfied. Mark had promised them that they would be "rewarded" 
again if they win the next game. Although he had already fucked her 
twice (with the students cheering), Mark felt himself getting hard again 
as he looked at Karen. The young teacher was lying with her legs 
wide-spread on the bench, panting, exhausted, with cum all over her 
face, her breasts and also leaking out of her cunt and her asshole. Her 
body was covered with sweat, and there were bruises all over her breasts 
and her thighs. "Had a good time, slut?" he said as he grabbed her 
thighs and prepared to enter her. "Pl...please," Karen pleaded feebly, 
"not again..." "Alright," Mark chuckled and went to stand next to her 
cum-covered face, "I'll let you off if you give me a nice blowjob." 
Obediently, Karen turned towards him and opened her mouth.

      "Ah, Miss Johnson, I've been looking for you all morning!" Ben 
said loudly when he met Karen in the corridor after lunch break the next 
day. "Y-yes, Ben?" Karen asked nervously. "Could you come with me 
please? There's something that I need your help with." "B-But Ben---" 
Karen stammered, trying to think of a reason to refuse. "Could you 
please give me a hand, Miss Johnson? Or should I go and ask Dr Jackson?" 
"Oh, no, no," Karen pleaded nervously, "okay, I'll go with you."
      "Listen, slut!" Closing the door behind them, Ben said menacingly 
as he grabbed Karen's nipple through her shirt and pinched it cruelly. 
"Next time, when I ask you nicely to come along, you come along! Is that 
clear?" "Ouch, yes, yes, ouch!" Karen gasped as Ben reached under her 
skirt, pushed her g-string down and began rubbing her slit. He ordered 
her to hold her skirt up and when she did so, he opened his locker and 
took out two Ben Wa balls. Karen looked at them in horror. Although she 
had never seen them before, she could easily guess what they were for. 
"Hold still, slut!" Ben ordered as he slowly inserted the two balls into 
Karen's pussy, leaving only the two tags dangling outside. Karen endured 
submissively, thinking that he was going to toy with her in that way. It 
was only when Ben began to pull her g-string up that she realized what 
he was really up to. "No, please!" She pleaded in horror. "Please! Take 
them out!" "Shut up, slut!" Ben scolded as he gave her a hard spank on 
her ass. "You're my fucktoy and you'll do whatever I say! Keep them 
inside that slutty cunt of yours, and come back to meet me here after 
school! Is that clear?" "Y...yes," Karen answered, defeated. "Good," 
said Ben, laughing cruelly. "This will surely warm you up for what I've 
got in store for you. Now go back to your class, Miss Johnson!"




Slave Teacher
IX.

For the whole afternoon Karen could barely kept herself focused on her 
teaching. The two ben wa balls had kept her in a constant state of 
arousal, even though she tried to make as little movement as possible. 
And when she did have to move around in the classroom, the two balls 
sent bolts of excitement through her body. For a couple of times she 
almost fell down onto her knees, and had to steady herself by holding on 
to a desk or a shelf. She even tried to speak louder than usual, fearing 
that her students would somehow hear the noise made by the two balls, 
but from time to time, her voice would get weak and tremble. "Are you 
okay, Miss Johnson?" a student asked. "Yeah, I'm fine," Karen answered 
defensively. "I just have to sit down for a while," she said, taking the 
opportunity to sit down behind the desk.
	It was only after she had sat down with her legs crossed that she 
realized how wet she was. Her g-string was already soaked with her 
juices, and now she must have wetted the back of her skirt as well. The 
skirt was dark blue, so hopefully it wouldn't be too noticeable. While 
her mind raced in panic, her body only became even more aroused. 
Uncontrollably, she squeezed her legs together, and her breath 
quickened. She looked at the clock. Three minutes to go! Oh God, she 
thought, I have to wait for the students to go first. With a shaking 
voice she continued to teach, until the bell rang at last. "Alright, 
goodbye everyone, see you tomorrow!" She tried to speak in a cheerful 
voice as much as possible, praying silently that the students could pack 
their stuff faster. While she pretended to be busy tidying up her desk, 
she was already squeezing her legs again impatiently. Please, just go! 
She shouted in her mind as she watched the last student pack his stuff, 
her face blushing with excitement. "Goodbye, Miss Johnson!" 
"Oh...goodbye, Mike!" Just fucking leave! She screamed in her mind. As 
soon as the door of the classroom closed behind the boy, Karen couldn't 
help but reached down and pressed her clit while she squeezed her legs 
together as hard as she could, bringing herself to a powerful orgasm. 
"Ooooooh!" She let out a moaned and collapsed on her desk, gasping.
	After she had finally gathered enough strength to get up, Karen tidied 
up her clothes and found out that now even the front of her skirt was 
wet. She had to clean herself up in the toilet. Covering the front of 
her skirt with a textbook, she sheepishly slipped out of the classroom.
	"Ah, Miss Johnson, there you are," Karen almost jumped when she heard 
the voice of Laura, the principal's secretary, behind her back. "Oh, 
h--hi, Laura," "Hi, Miss Johnson, Dr Jackson is looking for you." Laura 
was a strong and serious-looking woman in her late-thirties who always 
addressed teachers by their surnames, and Karen had always found her 
friendly but too serious and old-fashioned. "Wh-what is it all about?" 
Karen asked nervously. "I think Dr Jackson would like to speak to you 
about your performance. You have been teaching here for what, three 
months now right?" "C-Can it wait? I mean, can I go and see him in a 
couple of minutes? I just have to go---" "Don't worry, dear," the 
secretary interrupted her, "from what I've heard, Dr Jackson has nothing 
but nice things to say about you. He'll be busy later and it'll take 
just a minute. C'mon..." Grabbing her by her arm, Laura was almost 
dragging the reluctant teacher along to the principal's office. Oh God, 
Karen thought to herself, just make it quick! And there I'll have to go 
and see Ben....
      "Ah, Miss Johnson! It's really nice to see you," said Dr Jackson 
warmly as he shook her hand, "please, have a seat." Karen felt slightly 
more relaxed as she was partially hidden behind Dr Jackson's large desk. 
The run with Laura had got her juices flowing again. Now all she wanted 
was for this conversation to be over so that she could go to meet Ben, 
even though it would mean more whipping and abusing. I don't care, she 
thought, just let me come, and take those damn balls out.
	"Now, Miss Johnson," Dr Jackson's voice brought her back to reality, 
"like I said before, you've created some amazing changes in Amy, and in 
general your students all enjoy your classes. In fact, I was told that 
they're particularly attentive in your classes." "O-oh really? I-I'm 
glad to hear that," Karen answered, hoping that the principal would 
never find out the reason why her students were so attentive. "I 
understand that you have a very special method to maintain the attention 
of your students and to encourage them," Dr Jackson continued, still 
smiling warmly. "Ex-excuse me?" Karen asked, the shock had almost made 
her forget about the sensation between her legs. "I know, Miss Johnson, 
I know," said Dr Jackson, "I know what's been going on between you and 
Amy, and I also know how you've helped Mara Lloyd with her Spanish 
class, or how you help Mark Simpson with the basketball team. And I 
guess I must thank you for your contribution to our school," he said 
with a wide grin.
	"Oh God!" Karen exclaimed. "Please, Dr Jackson, let me explain..."
"No, you don't have to explain. I know everything. I've seen them," said Dr 
Jackson as he took some videotapes out of a drawer in his desk. "You 
see, I have installed closed-circuit cameras in various places in this 
school. This is a little hobby of mine."
       "You could never guess what the teenagers these days can be up 
to, and I have to say that I'm really impressed sometimes. And then I 
saw Mark and Steve's--how should I call it? Alright, remedial class with 
Amy. Much as I would like to join in, a condition of mine made it 
impossible for me to perform what I would very much like to do. Which is 
a great regret for both me and Laura, whom I dearly love."
       Too shock to say anything, Karen just sat in the chair as Dr 
Jackson went on. "And then you came along," he said as he eyed her body 
lustfully. "With the cameras in the storerooms, the locker room and the 
lab, I've been watching your adventure from the beginning. And although 
I can't see what has happened in the classrooms and outside the school, 
it was already quite enough for me. And I think I have to thank you, 
because there must be something special in you that makes me 
feel...alive again. Look," smiling contentedly, Dr Jackson stood up. 
Following his gaze, Karen saw his raging hard-on, threatening to burst 
out of his pants. "Since you are the person who has restored its power 
for me," said Dr Jackson as he approached her, "I think it's very 
appropriate that you should be more involved with it, right? Otherwise, 
you know how I can destroy your career as a teacher. You have got no 
proof for your side of the story, whereas we will all support each 
other's version..."
	"Oh, no, oh, no!" Karen felt like the world was falling apart. A pair 
of strong hands grabbed her shoulders from behind, and she was pulled 
backwards together with the chair. "Let us look at you baby," Laura 
cooed. "Look, Simon! She's already wet!" She exclaimed as she saw the 
wet spot on Karen's skirt. "No!" Karen protested as Laura grabbed her 
arms and held them together behind the back of the chair. She closed her 
eyes and blushed in shame as Dr Jackson came over and lifted her skirt. 
"Yes! Look at her, she's all wet!" "No! Please! Let me go!" Karen 
struggled frantically, knowing very well what he would discover next. 
Laura held her tightly and, fending off her kicks, Dr Jackson slipped 
her skirt off together with the g-string. He paused when he saw the tags 
of the ben wa balls, and then he burst out laughing. "Look Simon!" said 
Laura laughing. "Didn't I tell you? she's a real slut!" "No!" Karen 
protested, sobbing. "It was Ben! He put them inside me!" "So this is 
what you and Ben were doing during lunch time. I should have installed a 
camera in his room too. But you certainly did enjoy, didn't you, slut?" 
Dr Jackson grabbed the tags and steadily pulled the ben wa balls out, 
drawing a loud moan from Karen. She moaned even louder when he replaced 
the balls with his two fingers and began finger-fucking her. "You like 
that don't you, slut? You want to come, don't you?" he asked. "Oh, oh," 
Karen moaned and wriggled in her chair. Sensing that her struggles had 
subsided, Laura let go of her arms and ripped her shirt off and then 
used it to tie her hands behind the back of the chair. "Tell him, slut!" 
she said  as she grabbed Karen's rock-hard nipples and twisted them. 
"Beg him to let you come!" "P-please," said Karen, gasping, "let me 
c-come..." "Call him master!" Laura ordered, "tell him you want to be 
his slave!" Under both the pain and pleasure, Karen succumbed. 
"Please..." she pleaded, "please m-master I-I want to be your sl-slave! 
Please! Let me come! Oh! AH!" She cried out loudly as Dr Jackson jammed 
his fingers deep into her pussy, and her whole body squirmed and 
wriggled as she came violently.
       "Should we take her to your place now?" Laura asked Dr Jackson as 
Karen slumped on the chair, panting. "Not yet," he answered. "I can't 
wait, let's have some fun here first." He then took out a ball gag and 
gagged Karen with it. "Now Karen," he said, "as your master, I have a 
little gift for you, which is also to thank you for what you've done for 
this school." He said, chuckling. With these words he produced a little 
velvet case. When he opened it, Karen could see two gold rings inside. 
Puzzled as first, she soon realized what they're for when Laura began 
caressing her nipples. "Hmmmm!" She struggled and screamed under her 
gag. "Simon," said Laura, "I think she needs more encouragement. Can I?" 
"Sure," said Dr Jackson as he took out a whip and handed it to Laura, "I 
know you've always wanted to try this."
	Karen looked at Laura and shook her head wildly. "Stop that, slut! And 
take this!" said Laura as she brought the whip heavily down on Karen's 
breasts, just above the nipples. "Hmmm! Hmmmm!" Karen winced and scream 
in pain as Laura whipped her breasts again and again, until finally she 
couldn't scream anymore. "Now, will you accept the gift of your master?" 
With her eyes filled with tears, Karen nodded. "Great! Let's get to 
work!" said Dr Jackson cheerfully. As Karen watched in horror, he took a 
long needle and, pulling out her nipple, slowly pushed it through, 
drawing a tiny drop of blood. Karen closed her eyes and moaned in agony 
as her nipple was pierced. Pulling the needle out, Dr Jackson 
immediately attached a ring to her nipple. Karen was shaking when he 
finished with the other nipple, her eyes wet with tears.
	"Oh, oh," Karen whined when her gag was removed. "C'mon, slut, thank 
you master!" Laura ordered, "or I'll whip you again! I just love to whip 
those tits and watch them bounce!" "Oh, no, please!" Karen pleaded, "I 
can't take any more!" "Then thank him!" "Oh, yes, yes...." blushing with 
shame and with her head lowered, Karen said meekly. "Th-thank you, 
m-master." "Good!" Simon Jackson chuckled. "Now I can't wait to fuck 
that hot, slutty cunt of yours!" Together with Laura he lifted Karen off 
the chair and laid her on his desk. Spreading her legs, he entered her 
in one deep thrust. Grabbing her breasts, he began fucking her, and 
immediately Karen began moaning. Laura began undressing as she watched 
the them. Then she climbed on the desk and straddled Karen's face. 
"C'mon, slut, lick!" When Karen began licking obediently, she grabbed 
Karen's head and began grinding her pussy against Karen's face. "Yes, 
lick it! Yes!" she panted, "now I just can't wait to take you to our 
place!"




Slave Teacher
X.

Karen moaned loudly as she fucked Laura with a strap-on dildo eagerly, 
partly because of her own impending orgasm, partly due to the 
encouragement of Dr Jackson's whip on her ass, which was by now all red 
and burning. 
      The evening at Dr Jackson's place began with Karen being ordered 
to fuck herself with a vibrator while he and Laura watched. Then she was 
made to put on the strap-on and fuck Laura with it. When Laura 
complained that Karen was moving too slowly, Dr Jackson assisted by 
whipping her ass, until both women's moans signaled their climax. After 
that, Laura wanted to try out all the whips and other toys that they had 
bought on Karen, but Dr Jackson stopped her. "Don't worry dear, tomorrow 
is Friday. We've got plenty of time." 
      "Hey, Simon," said Laura as they lay resting, "why don't we invite 
Mark and Steve to join us tomorrow? I'm sure our pet here would like to 
have a big party!" "Sure!" Dr Jackson chuckled, "and we can ask them to 
bring Amy along too!" "Amy? Good idea! How about Mara and Ben? You would 
want them to come too, wouldn't you, slut?" she asked Karen, stroking 
her hair. "Perhaps not," Dr Jackson interrupted. "They have been very 
creative so far. I want to watch what they do to her without them 
knowing it. I like them to surprise us." Karen couldn't help but 
shuddered at these words.

      The next day, knowing that she had a busy night--and perhaps even 
an entire weekend--ahead, Karen tried to avoid as much trouble as 
possible, especially from Ben, who would surely have many punishments in 
store for her for missing their appointment. In the end this turned out 
not to be too difficult, as she was instructed to "report to the 
headmaster's office" whenever there's a break, where he would either 
have her suck him or finger-fuck her. Karen had already come four times 
before the school day was over, and the rings--or rather the idea that 
her nipples were now pierced--had kept her nipples erect all the time, 
which made them very sore as the piercings were still healing. When she 
was made to play with herself in front of Dr Jackson and Laura, every 
time her hands touched the nipple-rings, she was reminded of herself as 
their slave, which made her even more excited. She took the rings 
between her fingers and gently tucked them, which pleased her audience 
greatly.

      When they first received the principal's invitation, Mark and 
Steve were shocked that their acts have been discovered. The principal 
quickly assured them that he would help them to keep everything secret, 
and they felt more relaxed. And before Dr Jackson asked them, Mark 
himself offered to bring Amy along.
      When Mark, Steve and Amy arrived at Dr Jackson's house, they were 
greeted warmly at the door by the principal. "Ah, Amy!" said Dr Jackson, 
"How nice to see you here!" "N-nice to s-see you too sir," Amy replied 
shyly with her head lowered. "I see that your student is very 
well-mannered," Dr Jackson said as he turned to Mark and Steve, "well 
done!" He led his guests into the living room, where Karen and Laura 
were waiting. Laura was seated on the couch with Karen kneeling 
obediently at her feet. Karen was naked except for a pair of black 
leather cupless bra and a matching collar, with Laura holding the leash 
in her hand. Some of the marks on her body were still visible.
      Amy gasped when she saw the rings on Karen's nipples. "Hello, 
slut," said Mark chuckling as he sat down. "I must say that you look 
gorgeous with those rings!" "Th-thank you, sir," Karen replied 
submissively. "I'm glad you like them, Mark," said Laura. "I think they 
really go with her. Do you think we should pierce her clit as well? Or 
maybe a post through her tongue?" "Yeah, that would be nice," said Mark, 
grinning. "Would you like one too, Amy?" Laura turned to ask the girl, 
who blushed and gasped at the idea. "C'mon, let me look at you, you're 
so cute." As Amy went over and stood in front of her obediently, Laura 
ran her hands all over the girl's body. "What a lovely body..." said 
Laura as she began undressing Amy. Amy was scared but she stood 
obediently as Laura undressed her. When she was completely naked, Laura 
took out a pair of handcuffs and cuffed her hands together in front of 
her. Then, with the men's help, she attached the cuffs to a chain 
hanging down from the ceiling, and Amy was soon hanging with her feet 
almost two feet off the floor, and she gasped as she felt her weight 
pulling on her arms.
       "Lovely..." Laura murmured as she caressed Amy's ass. "I've 
always wanted to do this," she said as she picked up a whip from the 
floor. "When I watched you in the video, I always wondered what it'd be 
like to whip that young and athletic body..." Turning around to Karen, 
who had been looking at them with concern, she removed her collar. 
"C'mon, my pet, why don't you go and entertain our guests while I have a 
little fun with Amy." "Y-yes, mistress," Karen answered as she got up 
and walked over to Mark and Steve. "Worried about your special student?" 
Laura teased as she saw the look of concerned in Karen's eyes. "Don't 
worry, my pet, I'll save most of my strength for you," she said, 
laughing. "No, wait," said Laura. "Let's play a little game. I'll whip 
Amy until you've made all three of them come. So if you care about your 
special student that much, you'd better try real hard."
      "No, please--Ah!" Karen cried out as Laura whipped her cruelly 
across her breasts. "Go and do it! I'll start right now!" With these 
words she brought the whip down on Amy's ass, drawing a cry from the 
girl. Still gasping, Karen hurried over to Mark. "Please, sir," she 
begged, "please fuck me!" "I think you should serve him, slut," Dr 
Jackson interrupted, "he's a guest here after all." While Laura 
continued whipping Amy, Karen unzipped Mark and began sucking him. When 
he was hard, she climbed on top on him and lowered herself onto his 
cock, and began grinding her hips up and down. Steve and Dr Jackson came 
over and stood on each of her sides. While she fucked Mark, Karen took 
Steve's cock into her mouth and began jerking Dr Jackson off. Laura had 
by now moved to Amy's front. Hearing Amy's cries, Karen increased her 
tempo. She could feel her own orgasm coming, and she moaned as Mark 
reached up to pull at her nipple-rings. Soon, Steve and Dr Jackson came 
together, with Steve flooding her mouth with cum and Dr Jackson shooting 
his cum all over her breasts. "Oh, oh," Karen moaned loudly after Steve 
had pulled out, "please, fuck me! F-fuck me! Oh, oh!" At this Mark 
couldn't hold back any longer and, grabbing Karen's ass, he thrust all 
the way up into her and came deep inside her hot pussy.
      Laura kept her word and stopped whipping Amy, whose breasts and 
back were already criss-crossed with red welts. Amy's eyes were filled 
with tears when they unchained her and brought her over to her teacher 
who was lying on the floor. "Oh I'm sorry Amy, I'm sorry," Karen 
whispered as she held the girl in her arms. "Amy, clean your teacher 
up," Dr Jackson ordered. As they watched, Amy began kissing Karen, 
licking the cum off her face. Slowly, she licked her way down to Karen's 
breasts. Karen couldn't help moaning as Amy's tongue flicked on her 
pierced nipples, and she closed her eyes in pleasure. When Amy reached 
her pussy, she was already trembling with excitement. She moaned and 
held Amy's head gently and spread her legs. Watching their performance 
gave the three men a hard-on again, and Amy was immediately called to 
serve them. Dr Jackson lay down on the floor and Amy was made to 
straddle him, while Steve entered her ass from behind and Mark took her 
by her mouth, and Laura made Karen lick her while she watch. Not wanting 
Karen to feel left out, she gave Karen a dildo to fuck herself with, 
which Karen did eagerly. Afterwards, Karen was made to return the favor 
to Amy by licking the men's cum off her body.
      After Karen had cleaned Amy up, Mark and Steve suggested that they 
let the girl go home first, but the girl surprised everyone by refusing. 
"It...it's okay," she said, almost whispering, with her head lowered, 
and blushing. "My-my parents are away for the weekend. They w-won't know 
if I'm home or not..." "No!" Karen interrupted her, "Amy! Go home!" "Hey 
Karen," Steve said chuckling, amazed that some kind of bond had formed 
between the two. "Your student says she wants to stay. Didn't you hear 
that?" "No!" Karen pleaded, "please let her go!" "Shut up, slut!" Dr 
Jackson scolded as he slapped Karen's breasts. "Looks like our pet still 
needs more discipline," he said to Laura as Karen whimpered and rubbed 
her breasts. "Yes, definitely,"  Laura answered, "but let's have dinner 
first."
       Dinner was then prepared and served, with Karen and Amy waiting 
on the four of them. After their masters and mistress had eaten, the two 
slaves were told to get down on their hands and knees. Food was given to 
them in two plates, which they're ordered to lap up. Karen felt 
humiliated, but at the same she could feel her pussy getting wetter and 
wetter. Next, they were ordered to lick each other face clean.
      "Why don't you guys go to the bedroom and wait for us," said Laura 
when they were done, "we'll catch up with you in just a second." Karen 
watched as the three man led Amy upstairs in a leash. "Now slut," said 
Laura as she proceeded to cuff Karen's hands behind her back. "I think 
you have embarrassed me enough in front of my guests, even though they 
already knew what a worthless slut you are." "Pl-ease, mistress, I'm 
sorry!" Karen's pleading was stopped when Laura gagged her with a 
ball-gag. Next, she rolled Karen over onto her stomach. She then took 
out two candles and lit them. Karen's eyes opened wide with horror as 
she saw this. "Now, take this, slut! This is your punishment for talking 
back!" said Laura as she let the molten wax dripped onto the fair skin 
of Karen's back. With her hands cuffed securely behind her back, Karen 
could do nothing except squirming and moaning under her gag as the hot 
wax fell onto her back. When her back and her ass were all covered with 
wax, Laura turned her over. "Hmmm!" Karen cried out in horror under her 
gag as she saw Laura standing over her, smiling, with the candle in her 
hand. "Don't worry, my pet," Laura cooed as she caressed Karen breasts, 
"you'll love this." With these words she tilted the candle and let a 
first drop of wax fall onto Karen's left breast. "Hmmm!" Karen cried out 
in pain. As she winced and writhed, Laura's hand wandered above her 
breasts. She was struggling so much that Laura had to call Dr Jackson 
for help. Dr Jackson came down and held Karen's legs while Laura carried 
on. 
      When Karen's breasts were all covered with wax, Laura moved her 
way down to her belly. She even aimed a few drops of wax at her shaved 
pussy, and Karen screamed in agony. When they finally stopped, Karen was 
totally exhausted. She was trembling lightly, and her body, where it was 
not covered with wax, was covered with sweat. "Look at her, Simon, isn't 
she lovely?" said Laura as she ran her hands lovingly along Karen's 
body. "Let's clean her up, I want her to fuck me." She rolled Karen over 
again and, picking up a whip, she began whipping Karen's back until the 
dried wax fell off. When she was finished with the back, they rolled the 
trembling and whimpering Karen over. Knowing what was to come next, 
Karen shook her head wildly and whimpered under her gag. But despite her 
pleading, Laura went on to "clean up" her breasts, her belly and her 
thighs. Soon the drops of dried wax on Karen's body were replaced by 
vivid red marks of the whip. "Oh, oh, please stop!" Karen begged when 
her gag was finally removed. She felt like her body was on fire, and she 
moaned and shuddered when Laura took a double-headed dildo and inserted 
one end into her dripping-wet pussy. Next, Laura took out a small chain 
of about one foot long and attached its two ends to Karen's nipple 
rings. Lowering herself onto the other end of the dildo, she held the 
chain in the middle and began riding Karen. "Fuck me, slut! Fuck me!" 
Laura moaned as she rode Karen like a pony, tucking the chain from time 
to time, causing her to cry out loudly. As Laura urged, Karen thrust 
upwards to meet Laura's thrusts, hoping that Laura would come quicker, 
thus ending her torment sooner. When Laura finally came, she tucked at 
the chain so hard that Karen thought her nipples would come off, but 
despite the pain she also came violently.
      After Laura had come, she climbed off Karen and, with her hands 
still cuffed behind her back and the dildo still in her pussy, Karen was 
led upstairs by the chain on her nipple-rings. "C'mon, pet," said Laura, 
"let's see how your student is doing."




Slave Teacher
XI.

"Ah, Karen, you came just at the right time," Mark greeted Karen as 
Laura led her into the room by taking the chain over from Laura. He led 
her to Amy who was lying on the bed with her hip resting on the edge and 
her hands tied to the headboard. "Oh, Amy!" Karen gasped as she looked 
at Amy. The young girl was gagged and, like Karen, her nipples were now 
ornamented with two gold rings. "Hmmmm..." Amy whined under her gag as 
she looked at her teacher with tear-filled eyes. "So did you guys have a 
good time downstairs?" Steve asked, chuckling. "Yeah, we certainly had a 
great time, right, slut?" said Laura as she came over and uncuffed 
Karen. "Now," she continued as she lit a candle and handed it to Karen, 
"why don't you show Amy what we've been doing downstairs..." "No! 
Please!" Karen pleaded as she dropped down to her knees and grabbed 
Laura's hand. "Please don't make me do this! Please!"
      "Listen, slut! Either you do it or we'll do it ourselves, and 
we'll do it twice! We'll clean her up and start all over again! Is that 
what you want?" "No!" Karen pleaded as tears began to fill her eyes. 
"What d'you mean 'no'? Do you want me to start now?" "Oh, no! Please! 
Alright! I'll, I'll do it!" "Now that's my girl! Here, take it!" said 
Laura as she gave Karen the candle. "Oh, Amy, I'm sorry! I'm sorry!" 
said Karen as she stood next to Amy, sobbing. Amy was breathing quickly 
and looking at the candle in her hand in fear. "C'mon, do it!" Laura 
urged. Sobbing, Karen tilted the candle and let a drop of wax fall onto 
Amy belly. "Hmm!" Amy moaned under the gag and jumped. "Go on!" as they 
urged, Karen continued until there were drops of wax all over Amy's 
breasts, belly and thighs. Amy was moaning and wriggling in pain all the 
time. When Karen was finally allowed to stop, she was almost exhausted. 
"Now, clean her up!" said Dr Jackson as he handed her the whip. 
"Remember, if we have to do it we'll do it twice as hard, slut!"
      Knowing that it's useless to beg, Karen took the whip and biting 
her lower lip, whipped Amy lightly across her belly, but none of the 
dried wax came off. "C'mon, harder!" Steve scolded. Crack! Karen brought 
the whip down on Amy again, and this time some of the dried wax came 
off, revealing an area of skin which was now turning red. Amy whimpered 
as Karen brought the whip down on her again and again, until all of the 
dried wax came off her body. "Oh, God," Karen whined, "what have I 
done!" "Excellent!" said Mark as he patted Karen on her ass. "Now let's 
give your special student a kiss, miss Johnson!" he said chuckling as he 
pushed Karen forward to Amy. 
      "Oh, Amy!" Karen whispered to the sobbing teen as she held her 
face gently in her hands. She kissed the girl's cheek gently, then 
kissed her mouth through the gag. Slowly, she began kissed her way down 
Amy's neck to her breasts, soothing the skin that she had hurt with her 
lips and tongue. The double-head dildo was still half-buried in her 
pussy, and her movements while whipping Amy had caused it to rub against 
her pussy, which was by now dripping wet. Her kisses soon reach Amy's 
pussy and, after licking it a few times, she was ordered to fuck Amy 
with the double-head dildo, and she quickly complied.
Easing the dildo in slowly, Karen began fucking Amy in long, gentle 
strokes. Soon, she could feel Amy trembling lightly under her, and she 
increased her tempo. "Oh, Amy, oh, oh," she moaned as she fucked Amy 
harder and harder until the girl signaled her orgasm with her moans and 
spasms. She continued pumping Amy until she also came with a loud moan.
       Karen hugged her student tightly as she tried to catch her 
breath. She felt ashamed that she had fucked Amy so roughly in the heat 
of her own passions, and she felt more ashamed when her colleagues all 
applauded and cheered at her performance. After Karen had licked the 
dildo clean, the two were finally allowed to rest. They were gagged and 
laid face to face on the bed, with their hands chained to the headboard 
so that they couldn't turn. "Sleep tight, girls!" said Laura as she gave 
Karen a spank on her ass before leaving the room.
       When they were left alone in the room, Karen looked at Amy, who 
was looking at her. After a pause, and, much to Karen's surprise, the 
girl whimpered and pressed her body against Karen's. Closing her eyes, 
Amy began rubbing her breasts against Karen's. Karen could feel Amy's 
rock-hard nipples together with the rings, and her own nipples were also 
rock hard. Her breath quickened as Amy went on, and she let out a 
muffled moan as Amy pushed a leg between Karen's legs and began rubbing 
her thigh against Karen's pussy. Karen shuddered and returned the favor. 
Soon the two were humping passionately against each other until they 
both came, locking their legs together, squeezing their thighs wildly. 
Karen opened her eyes and saw that Amy still had her eyes closed. For a 
moment she thought she could see a faint smile behind the gag. Then 
Amy's breath slowed down as she sank into a deep sleep, and Karen, after 
watching her for a while, also drifted off to sleep.

       Karen was waken up the next day by Laura who came to uncuff her. 
"Good morning, my pet, did you have a good sleep?" "Y-yes," Karen 
answered meekly as Laura removed her gag. "C'mon, let's go downstairs 
quietly. We don't want to disturb your sleeping beauty here do we? 
Unless you want her to join you." "Oh, no, no," Karen answered in a 
lowered voice. She followed Laura downstairs to the living room where 
the three men were waiting, then the chain joining her nipple rings were 
also removed. "Good morning, slut," Mark greeted her, smiling. "G-good 
morning, sir," Karen answered submissively. "How're you feeling this 
morning, slut?" Mark continued as he gently stroke her breasts. "F-fine, 
sir, th-thank you." Karen answered, knowing that something horrible was 
coming. "Good," said Mark, "'Cos we have made a plan for you. We were 
aware that you've missed a meeting with Ben the other day, right?" 
"Y-yes, sir," "Now that's not very good is it?" "No, sir," "And we'd 
better make up to Ben before he gets too angry, right?" "Yes, sir," 
Karen answered with a trembling voice. "As your masters, we have thought 
of a way that you can make it up to Ben..." As Karen listened in horror, 
Mark lay out the arrangement. Karen was to go to school and drop Ben a 
note and ask him to meet her in the storeroom behind the gym, where Dr 
Jackson had a video camera installed so that they could watch what 
happened. Karen was to please Ben in every way that he demand, and she 
had to finish and come back to Dr Jackson's house before three in the 
afternoon, otherwise Amy would be punished. "Now, doesn't that sound 
like great fun?" Laura cooed as she grabbed Karen's breasts from behind. 
Karen closed her eyes and moaned in dismay.

"Dear Ben,

I'm sorry I missed our appointment the other day. I have no excuse and I 
deserve to be punished. Please come and meet me in the storeroom at the 
back of the gym and use me like the slut that I am.
Your slut

Karen"

Ben grinned as he read the note. He wasn't quite happy about having to 
work on Saturday morning, but now things seemed to be looking much 
better for him. The problem was that he wasn't expecting anything like 
this, and he hadn't got the toys that he had for Karen with him. What 
the hell, he thought, we can try them some other time. After looking 
through his drawers, he took the bamboo rod, the collar and some metals 
clips and hurried to the gym.
      "So there you are, Miss Johnson," he chuckled as he saw Karen. The 
young teacher was standing in the middle of the room, gagged, naked 
except for her g-string and a pair of high heels. Her hands were cuffed 
together and attached to hook from a chain hanging above her head, 
keeping her standing straight, and her clothes were folded neatly in a 
corner of the room. What attracted Ben's attention most was the gold 
rings on her erect nipples and the word "SLUT" written on her left 
breast in bright red lipstick (it was Mark's idea).
      Karen looked at Ben in shame and fear as he approached. "Mine, 
mine," he murmured. "Did you do this yourself?" Ben asked. Closing her 
eyes in shame, Karen nodded as Mark had ordered her to. "And this too?" 
Ben asked as he took the ring on her left nipple and tucked it gently. 
Whimpering, Karen nodded. Ben felt like his cock was going to burst out 
of his pants when he walked behind Karen and saw the words "USE ME" 
written across her ass. "Holy shit!" he chuckled as he raised the thin 
bamboo rod, "You're real slut aren't you?" swish! "Aren't you?" swish! 
"Aren't you!" swish! With each question he brought the rod heavily down 
onto Karen's ass, which much to his curiosity was already criss-crossed 
with faint marks. After whipping her for a few times, Ben couldn't wait 
any longer and unzipped his pants. Got to give that little slut a good 
fuck first, and then we'll continue with the rod and other stuff, he 
thought as he tore Karen's g-string off. Grabbing her thighs, he entered 
her hot, wet pussy in one deep thrust.
       "Hmmmm!" Karen groaned as Ben began pumping her. Ben squeezed her 
breasts and pinched her pierced nipples roughly. Then, grabbing her 
breasts, he used them as grips to pulled her towards him as he fucked 
her, drawing muffled cries from her. "Here, take this, slut!" Ben 
shouted as he began pumping his cum deep into her burning pussy.
       "Holy shit, man! What are you doing!" Ben and Karen were waken up 
from their trance by the voice of a student. Karen opened her eyes in 
terror and saw a guy from the football team standing at the door. In his 
heat, Ben had forgotten to lock the door, and their cries had drawn the 
attention of the entire football team, who were on their way to the 
changing room.
       "It's okay, guys," Ben chuckled, embarrassed, as he quickly 
pulled out of Karen. "Miss Johnson and I are just having a little fun 
here, right, Miss Johnson?" "Hey man, look at her tits!" Another student 
shouted, "They're pierced!" "Yeah," Ben went on, "as you can see, Miss 
Johnson here is really into, you know, kinky stuff. Right, Karen?" He 
said, pinching her ass.
       Karen couldn't believe this was happening. All she could do was 
to lower her head in shame. "I ask you a question, slut!" said Ben 
angrily, spanking her ass hard. Karen jumped at the blow and opened her 
eyes. "Answer me, slut!" Ben asked as he spank her again and again. 
Closing her eyes, she nodded. "See?" said Ben, "she got turn on by 
this!" "Wow! She's certainly a hot bitch, Ben!" "Yeah, now if you guys 
promise to keep this secret, I'm sure Miss Johnson won't mind you 
joining in! C'mon!" Mesmerized, the students approached. Karen looked at 
them in horror. She tucked at her bonds but Ben held her tight. "C'mon!" 
He urged, "I guarantee you it's okay!" Karen whimpered when the first 
guys felt between her legs. "God, she's dripping wet!" He exclaimed. 
Soon hands were all over Karen's body, squeezing her breasts, pulling at 
her nipple rings, fingering her pussy and her ass. In their frenzy Ben 
was pushed aside, and all he could do was to stand in a corner of the 
room and watch them fuck her, one after another. When the first two 
students were done, Karen was uncuffed and placed onto her hands and 
knees. By now she wasn't struggling at all, and when a student grabbed 
her hip and entered her asshole, as she did was close her eyes and 
groan. "Oh, oh," she moaned as her gag was removed, but her moans were 
soon muffled when another guys shoved his cock into her mouth....

        Karen couldn't remember how many times she'd been fucked in her 
mouth, her pussy, her ass, or even between her breasts, and she had also 
lost count of how many times she had come. When the last guy finally 
pulled out of her, she collapsed on the floor, exhausted. "Hey," one of 
the students said, "anyone want another go?" "Let's take a break first," 
another guy answered, "it's only three, we've got plenty of time. Or 
maybe we should call our friends!" It's three already! Amy! Karen 
screamed in her mind. The students laughed as she struggled to get up. 
"Still haven't got enough, huh?" a guy said as he grabbed her ankle, 
"okay, let's have another round, Miss Johnson!" Gathering all her 
strength, Karen kicked him hard in the groin, and as he howled with pain 
and let go of her, Karen ran out of the gym as fast as she could. There 
were only a few students outside, and they watched wide-eyed as their 
teacher ran naked across the school yard towards the main gate. All that 
was on her mind was that she had to get away from all those guys. She 
ran out of the school and across the road. As she heard a screeching 
noise and turned to look, she saw a van coming towards her. She screamed 
and fell onto the ground, with the van just avoided hitting her.
      The driver of the van jumped out and ran to see if she was hit. 
"Jesus Christ!" He cried out in shock as he saw Karen's naked body with 
all the bruises and cum stains all over her face, her breasts and her 
thighs. Karen's memory of the chaotic events that followed--the police 
investigations and the sensational trial--was all a blur. In the end, 
all the staff involved--Dr Jackson, Laura, Mara, Ben, Mark and 
Steve--were indicted and convicted. However, to avoid an even bigger 
scandal, the authorities decided not to press charges against any of the 
students.

      Although the school was eventually re-opened, Karen never went 
back. She was offered therapy, but after a few months she quitted and 
moved to another state. Her career as a teacher was over, not only 
because of the publicity of the event, but also because she couldn't 
bring herself to stand in front of a class again. She took up a job as a 
library clerk in a quiet, small town. She heard that Amy had moved to 
another school, but lost contact with her when she moved out of state.
      Since then, life had become very quiet for Karen. She worked, went 
out with her colleagues from time to time, but most of the evenings were 
spent quietly in her apartment. It was more than a year later when, one 
evening, she heard her doorbell ring. She went to answer the door and, 
much to her surprise, found Amy standing outside.
      "Amy!" She exclaimed, "what are you doing here?" "I-I've been 
looking for you..." the girl answered quietly. "Wh-what?" Karen asked, 
dumbfounded. "I've been looking for you. I-I miss you, Miss Johnson." 
Amy said shyly, her eyes wet with tears. "Oh, poor girl," said Karen as 
she took the girl in her arms. As Karen held her in her arms, Amy looked 
up and, holding Karen's head with her hands, kissed her on her lips. 
Shocked at first, Karen soon found herself returning the kiss 
passionately, and the tender moments that they had in the ordeal that 
they went through together sprang up in her mind. When Amy pressed her 
body against Karen, Karen could tell that she wasn't wearing a bra. She 
could not only feel the pressure of Amy's erect nipples but also 
something else. It was her nipple rings.
       "You've k--kept them?" Karen asked when they finally broke off 
their passionate kiss. Blushing, Amy nodded. "M-me too," Karen 
whispered, blushing herself. "Come on in, my pet," she said tenderly as 
she let Amy into her apartment and closed the door behind them.

The end >




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Road Runner


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





