BDSM Library - Deanna's Tao (Book Two)




Deanna's Tao (Book Two)
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Great sequel of the first part of Dee's Tao. If you like the first one, don't miss this!
Deanna's Tao (Book Two)

By Andante

The following is a work of fiction intended for legal adults who are legally
free to indulge in material that involves consensual, heavy
bdsm/torture/humilliation and other sexual situations. If you are a minor,
or are offended by such material, please visit your local newspaper to
witness the REAL horrors/victims of the world. Do not scroll down and read
this purely fictional story.

And, by all means, never, ever, engage in any activity with a
non-consenting sane or insane person, be it a pat on the butt, or a
cropping. Moreover please do not let this material fall into the hands of
minors.

Comments are welcome and will indeed promote more words to flow from the
old digital pen.




Deanna's Tao (Book Two)
Chapter One

	Dee was still deep into her lustful reverie of the last nine years as the
elevator plodded onwards towards its continuous and repetitious up and down
journey. Rhea silently observed another dollop of cunt cream oozing down
Dee's pasty legs.

	The inner and outer presence (total persona) of Deanna Winston and Rhea
Bouviour on the same elevator at a given instance in time/space was the first
act of another of the endless but very special relationships - be they
between planets or persons - that constitute this most legitimate spiritual
and physical universe.

	But, were the events that set the stage to bring them together random or
designed? Let's assume or accept that it was meant to be, written in the
stars so to speak: a coalescing and merging of two very dissimilar
personalities and expectations that will cohabitate with the potential for
ultimate mutual benefit; a codependency - though Rhea, despite her genius
intellect, would vigorously deny such, if one dared propose it. Though with
the additional potential of revealing itself in numerous, horribly
unbelievable events of abuse and humiliation heaped (actually given) on Dee
by Rhea, the relationship may well be seen as a most intense affair of love,
at first sight actually, and increasing with frightful but purposeful
intensity thereafter.

	As a half-assed rationale that the relationship was destined and that each
were both unassailable free agents and imprisoned pawns, consider the
following from Harriet Rosenstein, Lady Mary Wortley and Dag Hammerskjold's
standpoints respectively, please. We will deal with Dee's half exposed huge
tits and strapped-in, though still leaky, cunt almost immediately.

	Destiny is something men select; women achieve it only by default or
stupendous suffering. And, we are no more free agents than the queen of clubs
when she victoriously takes prisoner the knave of hearts. Or, we are not
permitted to choose the frame of our destiny. But what we put into it is
ours.

	Thus, it is acceptable that the frame was constructed in part by Mary
Jenkins, a most adept last phase inspector of integrated micro chips for the
Credo Micro-Interprises, sixteen months previous to the day of Dee's
appointment with Dr. Kline. Mary, after a long, satisfying night of
uninhibited sex with the man she had been pursuing for several months, let a
small board with a flawed capacitor slip by early in the day. The unit, which
had been installed in the building's elevator upgrade had finally given up
the ghost two floors before Rhea was to depart. Had it not, she may well have
decided to disregard her curiosity about the elephant titted slovenly bitch
across from her and continue her planned events of the day.

	As it was, the fried component caused a very fleeting but very perceptible
lurch in the upward mobile box before automatically switching to the backup
unit. The lurch awoke Dee from her hardcore, orifice-oil generating trance.
With head down as usual, her pupils widened at the same moment she let out a
very audible gasp. What she saw was the sexiest, most highly flavored fantasy
she had ever had of the perfect female foot. Dee's downward and slightly
oblique view enabled her to take in the full lustful form of the fantastic
peds. Her already saturated cunt began a new and immediate secretion of
slippery drool. What she saw and caused her to continue to stare in total
unabashed but very rude context, was the long narrow feet of Rhea encased in
the six inch stilettos which were covered only by the narrow tightly cinched
ankle and toe straps. Dee could hardly believe that the angular and knobby
double-jointed foot fingers were actually longer than her own. She licked her
drying lips in recognition of a prevalent fleshy knot on top of two of the
joints of each toe. Dee's slimy vulva let loose another squirt of juice as
she conjured up images of giving careful oral attention to these Goddess-like
feet.

	"Oh Jesus" she told herself, "the space between her toes is wider than my
ridiculous tongue. God help me I may cum just looking at them."

	Now that Rhea had been on her feet for a while the profusion of veins that
nurtured the size 12's from ankle to toe-tip, were now more profuse and
prominent. However, it was not just the form and angle of observation that
caused Dee's hyper active visual cortex to begin activating the switches of
her genital hydrologic mechanisms. Just at the moment she opened her eyes,
Rhea had shifted and adjusted to the elevator's lurch. This caused her right
foot to lift a few inches before finding firm contact almost immediately. The
effect was that her long, angular toes stretched outward, actually allowing
all but the shortest one to extend out and down to touch the floor far beyond
the narrow sole of her shoe. Sensing this Rhea almost unconsciously pulled
her toes upward and back to the safety and comfort of the shoe, in an
exaggerated, folded, curl that hid the nail of the second toe and caused the
next to smallest to overlap the middle one in an almost horizontal position.

	Dee's cunt spasmed madly. She continued to stare for several floor stops.
They were alone, now that all of the incredulous passengers had departed. The
elevator had gone to the top floor and was now descending. Dee was in a
literal trance. Rhea had not missed any of Dee's actions. She realized
immediately what was occurring and purposely began gyrating and moving her
feet and toes in a variety of convoluted shapes and splayed forms.
Occasionally, she would lift her foot and rub the back of a calf with the top
of it. Once she even stroked the top of her right foot, ankle to toes, with
the tip of the left foot, extending the long digits beyond the front sole of
the shoe, to scratch, caress, and even intermingle with their fellow five
sisters.

	After a half a minute or so Dee could feel an orgasm was imminent and began
to moan as Rhea continued her unbelievable foot dance. Dee had not even
bothered to look beyond the strong, slim calves of the human dream across
from her. A small rivulet of vaginal honey soon found it way to the top of
her bare foot and dribbled between her own flexing toes. She had lost part of
her death grip on the blouse. Now over half the swollen and darkening red
areola was exposed. The obscene huge nipple lengthened, further pulling the
blouse away from the areola. Rhea noted all and smiled. Dee crossed her legs
unconsciously and began to rub her wide ass against the elevator wall. The
huge stain on the front of her skirt was freshened with new wetness.

	Rhea's eyes narrowed into a severe menace as a man and three women got on at
the seventh floor on the return trip up. Two of the women let out a gasp. In
the natural order of things human, the new passengers created a natural and
as comfortable personal space in the narrow confines of the box as possible.
A greater than common effort was made to distance themselves from Rhea and
especially Dee, who by now was giving off a distinct and permeable odor. Dee
moaned and stared. More pussy syrup pored down her legs. Her hands clutched
the ruined shoes.

	At the 11th floor, Rhea decided to end the amusing affair. She spoke to Dee
in a slightly loud but very commanding voice. "Are you finished?" Dee was
deaf to the question. She was soaking in every nuance of the now silent feet.
She was very near a vibrating orgasm. Her knees weaken and she slumped
slightly against the wall. Her hands, which had been doing an increasing less
effective job of holding the blouse together in front of her massive 80
inches of heaving tit meat, let go of the unbuttoned material and drifted out
and under the huge orbs. She was in such a state of erotic focus that she was
now attempting to masturbate, completely unaware of her public circumstances.
The blouse flowed off both the naked sac and the still cupped left one.
Several loud gasps and an only slightly suppressed screech bounced off the
wall. Everyone except Rhea drew closer to each other and further from Dee.

	Now the swollen impossibility of Dee's exposed breast was publicly exhibited
to all on the elevator. What they saw was a naked, bloated expanse of
pendulous flesh that extended beyond the extremely wide expanse of Dee's
right hip and downward to just above her pubic area. Dozens of very prominent
blue veins meandered across the full expanse of the sphere. Due to Dee's
increasing erotic state, some had swollen to the thickness of a pencil. Many
even traced a variegated pattern in and about the impossibly bloated areola.
The veins were accented by many very visible; beige toned scars and stripes.
A few were pinkish in color, evidence that recent abuse had visited the
suffering orb. Several of the scars were wide and thick, rising above the
generally trampled and irregular surface of the quivering orb. Several fists
sized flesh pockets on that portion of the sac that drooped from under the
arms were interrupted by long, deep stretch marks. Some of these vertical
witnesses to the massive growth, were over a foot long. A few had even
deepened to almost half an inch during the last six months of Dee's hormonal
chaos.

	However, what had elicited the screech was the colossal size of the rigid
nipple that pointed down about 45 degrees off the cantaloupe sized deep red
areola. A second screech was sounded by the same dumpy redhead contract
administrator who had initiated the first, when Dee's toilet paper tube-sized
nipple jerked upward in concert to a spasm in her cunt. It caused several
ounces of thickened lactate to spurt out is a narrow arc toward two of the
women. The screech awakened Dee from her slutty slumber. Her focus was still
on Rhea's feet. Then she heard the commanding "Are you finished" for the
first time. Her impending orgasm was immediately pinched off by the
autocratic voice. Slowly she scanned upward in a kind of fearful apprehension
of what was waiting. Her eyes widened as she finally noted that the feet
belonged to what was emerging as the most the most stupendously beautiful
body she could imagine. The calves and thighs exposed in the slit of the
medium tight dress were tanned, and slender, exhibiting grace and strength.
The hips were narrow, giving only a hint of a very tiny waist, which was
hidden by a pair of stupendous breasts. Though slightly smaller than Dee's,
these melon shaped spheres seemed more monumental due to the 5 foot, 4 inch
size of the magnificent owner.

	Dee mewed a soft moan when she viewed the extremely exaggerated hourglass
figure in total. Having dropped the uninjured shoe from her right hand, those
fingers clawed the air near her saturated crotch in a desperate attempt not
to attack the greasy large flaps of her cunt. They were now -though hidden
under the soaked skirt - completely splayed outside the agonizing cinch of
the six inch wide crotch strap of the ridiculous bra/corset. This served only
to shove her obscene sized clit further up her spastic vagina.

	Dee's very vocal moan evolved into a pitifully undisguised. "Aiiiiiii...
Merciful God, No! It's not possible, Oh! Oh!" when she at last beheld the
magnificent and spectral beauty of the face of the Goddess four feet away.
Immediately, her knees sagged, as her eyes bulged and a resounding long
uncompromising fart found its way around the hellishly tight crotch strap.
She would have literally shit had the strap not been in place. The passengers
blanched, and moaned, now huddling together like kittens in the presence of a
rabid terrier. One of them began crying, repeating over and over, "What's
wrong with her? She's mad. What's wrong with her?" The repetition and fear in
the voice finally awoke Dee up to the reality of the situation. She too paled
and quickly completed a half-assed result of covering up her exposed
quivering tit.

	What had made her so vocal from above and below was the recognition that
this wonderful woman was the personification of the ephemeral Goddess and
Mistress she had first envisioned in her out of body experience during her
first night in the barn. It was the same seemingly evil, uncompromising face
and body that Dee had visited countless times in the intervening nine years
as she herself or Annie had heaped rope, wire, nails, boards, chains, whips,
pins, huge insertions and untold other torture utensils on, in, around (pick
your preposition) Dee's heaving, screaming and spurting body.

	Dee's lips quivered as she noted the Goddess's lips began moving.

	"For the third time you ridiculous pile of female offal, are you finished?"
The macro-menacing eyes penetrated every orifice and cell of Dee, s sweating
body. Each well-enunciated word had been coated in pure venom. "I... I...
unh... ahh... ahh uhh" and another unrepressable fear-fart were all that Dee
could summon as she hung her head in shame and dread.




Deanna's Tao (Book Two)
Chapter Two
Restroom Revelations and Waiting-room Agony

	"Lift your porno-booth, cum-mop of a head you slot-snot soaked, stupid bitch
and look me in the eyes. NOW! Are you quite finished with this self-indulgent
exhibition of your pitiful excuses for milk sacs and distribution of methane
gas? Jesus in the Congo, girl, you are the most sickening sight I have had
the displeasure to set eyes on, in my 32 years of stumbling across the worse
of human shit maggots in existence. Moreover, are you always in the habit of
rudely staring at all women's feet as you did at mine? That's a hell of a
fetish you have shit breath. Now, answer me you insipid slut. Do not look
down! Look me in the eyes and answer." The passengers were dumbfounded and
inching as a herd toward the door, in preparation for a stampeded to whatever
floor, regardless.

	Dee did as she was commanded. A total, unmitigated mutual focus was locked
in by both she and Rhea. It was the most honest, unmistakable and
uncompromising mental condensation and symbiotic alliance each had ever made.
Though actual implementation of a relationship would soon prove paradoxical
and confusing, each knew, that destiny had indeed placed an ornate,
well-constructed frame around both of them. Paradoxically, it would be their
own free will, passiveness, assertiveness, strength of purpose, malleable,
yielding, enduring flesh, ruthless savagery, high and low tech inventiveness
and the highest humiliation quotient in existence to fill the frame with the
grandest exhibit of love, giving/receiving, fear, and wonderment known to
each. It would be the ultimate partnership if each could endure.

	"Are you mute, you ludicrous bovine? Why were you staring at my feet so
intently and what the hell is that foul mess running down your leg?" The
question was so dictatorial and absolute that Dee knees began to quiver as
she attempted a stammering inarticulate and incoherent reply. "I... I... I
ugh... d... d... did... did, unh... not... not mean too... too, butttt...
they... ugh... they are... are so... so... beauti... ahhh, beauti, I mean,
mean unhhh... I am ill. No, no. Not really ill, but, but a condition, well,
I... I, oh, ohhh... I..."

	The malevolent eyes pierced her with greater intensity. "What the hell are
you saying, you ludicrous, smelly degenerate?" Dee was so obscured with
intimidation, humiliation and ecstasy that she began leaking anew from her
pussy and her eyes. She began to cry as she attempted another inadequate
reply "I... I... ohhhh, please, I, I... I guess I... I am a stupp... stupid,
sl... sl... slu... slu... Oh God... please... ma'am, sob" Long typical of Dee
when caught up in a very humiliating but erotic situation, her shaking legs
began to prance up and down while standing in place. Her gyrating toes as
usual, splashed and churned the small pool of cunt jism that had dribbled
down her legs.

	"DING" Dee was literally saved by the bell. The herd of human sheep tumbled
out, each racing to call Security. Rhea quickly punched the next floor. As
soon as the door closed, she slammed her open hand across Dee's left cheek
with full force. Dee was literally and figuratively staggered. It was a blow
that equalled the hardest she had experienced from her mother years ago. She
slammed into the wall, rebounding with a look of shock, absolute fear and
pain. "You slovenly bitch, I know what's going on here and I am not fucking
amused. When the door opens, get off and follow me. Do not utter one sound.
Not a hum or a squeak. Understand? Speak only when I say SPEAK! Leave the
shoe and move. Now!" Rhea's cold black eyes had taken on an even more ominous
forbearance. Dee was so scared that small spurts of urine began leaking
around the corset strap. Nevertheless, she had learned well from her mother
and simply nodded in the affirmative instead of speaking.

	Rhea quickly exited at the next floor. Now stupidly holding just one shoe,
she followed submissively. She exhibited great will power by suppressing an
erotic induced groan at the quickly observed the outsized projection of the
Goddess' breasts in profile. Her stomach knotted in concert with a new
vaginal spasm at the even more exaggerated rear anatomical wonderment of the
resplendent woman. It was an anatomical orchestration that further harmonized
with Dee's grossly enlarged but highly tuned and receptive over active and
spewing Bartholin glands. She was so mutually charged erotically and
fearfully that the piss and cunt juices ran in a constant stream down her
legs.

	Unlike Dee's 50+ pounds of wide swaying, flopping, vicious swinging milk
meat, Rhea's huge orbs only bounce and sway several inches in various
directions. They project far beyond the outer outline of her arms and narrow
almost boyish hips. Dee, repetitiously, licks her dry lips at the sight of
the Goddess' almost naked rear torso which is framed by an extreme plunge of
the very tight beige colored dress. The pixie cut black hair allows a full
view of the strong perfectly toned shoulders. Their muscles ripple slightly
as she strides confidently and with purpose down the hall towards the Rest
Room. The completely exposed waist is so tiny as to be almost nonexistent. It
seems almost impossible that such a small framed foundation of flesh and bone
could support the huge, jiggling hemispheres above.

	So low is the back of the dress that the upper half-inch of the tightly
bunched ass crease is exposed. Whereas Dee's monumental 45-inch ass bumps,
grinds and heaves about in several directions at once, the Goddess' ass seems
to only clench and vibrate when she moves. Dee can barely stand it. She feels
an imminent orgasm approaching and knows she will be unable to supress it
under these circumstances.

	They enter the restroom. It is large and empty at the moment. A full-length
mirror gleams from across the room. Rhea whirls in a very fluid graceful
manner. Her breasts vibrate. In a most direct and seething tone she speaks.
"I will not waste words with you. You will look directly in my eyes at every
moment. Now, what is your name and what is your business here? Answer me
clearly and with brevity bitch. Speak!" "I... I... am... am..." "STOP!"
commands Rhea. You have one last chance to get it right or I will leave
immediately. Speak! Dee's cunt churned as she took a deep breath, blinked her
eyes, absorbed the new and correct inducement to be articulates and spoke.

	"I am Deanna Winston and... and I am here to see Doctor Marsha Kline." "I am
not surprised," retorted Rhea, Doctor Kline is a world-renowned
endocrinologist and it indeed seems you have a severe hormone problem.
However, regardless of that, you also have a control problem. You are an
unrelenting pain slut and foot fetish. Correct? Speak!" "Yes ma'am, I love a
shapely foot on a woman, especially long angular feet with long curly toes
like mine and especially yours. They are so lovely and so sexy... And yes
ma'am, I dream of the most horrible ways to be tortured and used by my dream
Mistress. But, no ma'am, and please forgive me. I am not a slut. I contribute
to society and love most of the people I know. I do volunteer work and have a
very firm spiritual responsibility. I love my body, always have, but this
last six months have been hell. My hormone problem started up again after six
years of remission. My breast and genitals and libido are now growing out of
control. I can hardly think of anything except pain, humiliation and sex of
the most depraved kind. My vagina and vulva almost constantly leak and I have
even started lactating. I must stop it. I do not feel guilty about my
preferences or freaky appearance but it has to cease or I will spend all my
time masturbating and torturing myself. More importantly, My work is
beginning to suffer. I need to have a semblance of a normal life. People need
me and I need them. And..." "STOP!" CRACK!! Dee staggered back three steps in
response to a slap to the face. SMACK, she hit the wall after the second blow
landed in the same place. Her cunt drooled even faster around the painful
cinch of the corset strap.

	"The first was for the unsolicited dissertation. I said be brief. The second
was for having the utter gall to dispute that you are a slut. Not only are
you a cunt spurting slut, you are a stupid, self-deceiving, hypocritical
slut; a trollop and demi-rep". Dee began to quiver at the possible true
assessment. "Go to the mirror and look at yourself, Miss
I-am-somebody-special-Deanna-Winston."

	Dee, gazed and emitted a small howl. She immediately turned sunburned
crimson. She was a total wreck. Her hair was mussed and her face was a
variegated pattern of runny and congealed eye shadow, rouge, foundation and
lipstick. Her skirt was totally soaked front to back with piss and cunt
slime. Her right tit was completely exposed with a long thick dribble of
lactate hanging off her long, thick nipple. The areola was puffed to its
maximum seven-inch width and five-inch thickness. The unfilled bra cup hung
down to her knees. Her bare feet and legs were coated in a mixture of wet and
congealed pussy juice. Her large tote bag which was filled with some of her
special toys - she began carrying them with her several months ago - hung
heavily across her shoulders in a skewed fashion. There she was, nothing less
than a huge titted, slutty clown with a single broken shoe in her hands.

	"No self respecting woman, not even the most confirmed wanton masochist and
slave, would let themselves look as you do unless they actually wanted it to
happen." Dee began crying in choking intermittent moans and pitiful sobs.
"You are the epitome of self-deception, self-indulgence and ignorant denial.
No, you are a slut my cunt for brains whore. A slut who prides herself with
having control simply because she does not cum as often as possible. However,
one thing is raging in your physical and psychological being as true. You
want me so bad that it exceeds even a need. It is an unequivocal must. You
wish to be owned by me; to serve me in your most hardcore, depraved fantasy.
Stand straight with your hands to your side and make not a single sound."

	CRACK, WHAM, SLAP. Dee Staggered backwards at the three blows to the face.
She sobbed louder. "You liked that didn't you Deanna?" CRUNCH! POW! THUD,
SLAM! Despite the admonition not to make any sound, Dee screeched violently
to the four powerful blows to her exposed tit. The tears carried the makeup
to the tops of her bruising tit. The pain was horrible. The Goddess was a
very strong woman - as strong as Dee. "That was more like it, correct?" Dee's
eyes were imploring. The orgasm was fast approaching. Whap! Whap! Crunch,
Slam! Thud! Thunk! Six more assaulted her tit. Rhea's hand actually entered
past the wrist on the last blow, collapsing and realigning over 15 pounds of
globular tissue in the process. Dee sagged, while saliva drooled from her
other lips. "Good news Deanna, I love to torture beautiful, intelligent,
honest sluts. I am the best. I am ruthless. I do things that you can never
imagine. I am a most heinous and imaginative personage. I can and am
currently modifying and tormenting the minds and bodies of three women in a
fashion that would cause you to flee my presence if you knew the details. One
has no vocal cords left. They beg to be killed hundreds of time a day Deanna.
They are strong, enduring and honest. None would leave given the opportunity.
They are there because they wish to be. More importantly, they qualified for
the honor. They earned it. They were special to began with and suffered
horribly to complete the prerequisites just to be allowed to crawl on their
bleeding bellies into my house of horror. You my dear are not special;
neither by virtue of your tits - there are bigger at the mansion - or your
honesty. Christ, look at the amount of cunt glue running down your legs. You
could prevent that if you wished. Fuck you, you filthy, stinking excuse of a
triple X-chromosomed pain slut." At that, she punched Dee in the diaphragm so
violently that Dee staggered back several feet before crashing to the floor
in a gasping heap.

	Dee was wailing in pain but mostly despair. "Can't keep quiet can you slime
bucket? Doctor Kline's office is eleven floors up. Take the stairs and get
the hell out of my sight." Dee was desperate. She could not lose her Goddess.
She did the only thing she could and shuffled to Rhea on abraded knees
imploring with hot red eyes not to be cast away. It was a silent plea that
would have melted the resolve of a champion sadist. Not so Rhea Bouviour. She
slapped Dee away, cutting her lip in the process. Then, to Dee's total
dismay, she pulled Dee's head back violently with a fist full of matted hair
and kissed her full on the lips. She held the kiss. It was unlike any Deanna
had received in her quarter century of existence. It waxed and waned between
powerful, demanding and absorbing to unmitigated giving, tender sincerity and
gut wrenching eroticism. Dee was totally overpowered physically and
emotionally. The suppressed orgasm consummated itself throughout her body
immediately. Her juices gushed, as she stood in paralyzed rigidity. It
diffused itself for over half a minute. The expression on her face was pure
fulfillment and horrifying despair.

	Still holding Dee's head back and with her heaving bosom resting partially
on Dee's shoulder, Rhea whispered to Dee in a voice that was both despotic
and encouraging. "Do what you must Deanna Winston. Mise en place (get your
shit together). Now go to Dr Kline's before the security shits find you. Go
immediately"

	The previous malevolent expression had evolved into one of firm resolve but
also understanding. Dee was confused. In abject oppression of spirit, she
prostrated herself on the cold tile floor at her Goddesse's feet and with her
hands on Rhea's slim ankles, begged, pleaded and implored in fitful hope that
she would not be discarded. "Please Mistress, please do not leave my life. I
will die if you do. I have dreamed about you for so many years. Oh God! Oh!
Oh! I need you so much. I have no one to serve as truly as I am capable. I
have turned down so many, hoping that my true Goddess would find me and let
me serve. She is you... so beautiful and strong. I love you. I will be
nothing without you now. Please let me be a part of your life. A day a week,
an hour. Anything! I will do anything. Pleaseeee! I will happily serve as
your slave in waiting, to be beaten as often as pleases you. I will stuff my
rabid cunt with pounds of chili peppers, and sew it up until it becomes a
festering mess (Dee was desperately conjuring up past episodes with Annie) I,
I, I will be your toilet slave. You will never need a real toilet again. I
will drink your piss, and, and... e... e... eat, eat every mor... mor morsel
of your sh... sh... shit. Gasp! Oh God no, ugh... maybe. no I... I... I wi...
will. Yes! I will, ugghh. I will even tongue bath you lovingly during your
periods. Burn me with hot coals and pierce me with pins and skewers. Chain me
and shove huge tearing objects up my horrid hole. Make me suffer untold days
of screaming sexual denial. Do all that you wish with me, but please let me
serve? I am strong and committed. I will be your most loyal subject. I can
endure and will prove to be more worthy than any who you possess.

	Merciful Goddess, please own me. Test me. Give me a chance. Do not forsake
me. I will give all that I have in this physical world and empty myself of
all else that you require. Help me Mistress. Sweet Jesus, do not leave me."
Dee's wretched lamentations were punctuated with heaving moans and sobs. She
had a death grip on Rhea's ankles. Her pleas had dissolved into constant
crying, accentuated with soft begging repetitions of "please, please."

	"Let go Deanna Winston and do as I told you. Get out of my sight. Not
another word. Do it!"

	Dee's loud sad sobbing resounded off the walls as she shuffled out the door
and down the hall. She was still holding the shoe. Her massive tits swung
wildly. After entering the stairwell and climbing the first of the 11
flights, she collapsed in a heap of abject despair, dejection and depressed
agony. A long plaintive "Nooooooooooooooo!" echoed throughout the stairwell
as her world imploded into a microcosm of minimal real functionality.

	Because of her real inner and empirical strength, she - with utmost supreme
effort - began crawling up the stairs on hands and knees. Her tit bruised
itself as it bounced off each concrete step. Slowly she rose to her feet. A
slight fleeting scintillation of determination beckoned from her glistening
hazel eyes. Though she had lost her Goddess forever, she would still serve
her honorably by doing as was ordered. She would go to Doctor Kline's. She
would obey her Goddesses' one and only command implicitly. She began the long
walk up the stairs in earnest, still holding her shoe, listening to the loud
slaps, and wallops of her loose tit as it pummeled itself against her sweat
drenched torso. Droplets of lactate painted the walls. She smiled faintly in
the pleasure of having at least spent a few minutes with her worldly Deity.
Now she would attend to the matter of her rebellious endocrine glands. "At
least I have absolute control of deciding to do something about that" she
mused. Poor Dee, she was soon to receive an even greater shock that day.

	While climbing the stairs Dee realized that her Goddess was correct in her
summation that Dee was a slovenly, self-absorbed, exhibitionist bitch. She
immediately resolved to improve her propensity to exhibit herself as the
victim of her "condition" by stuffing her tit as best she could into the
sagging bra cup. It hung lower than her left tit but at least it all of the
huge areola and some of the tit flesh were covered. She combed her hair with
her fingers and ran the tips of her fingers around the rims of her eyes and
mouth in an attempt to clean up her face. She patted away the grandma beads
(dirt/sweat necklace) from around her neck and the smeared lipstick with the
hem of her blouse. It was an almost futile effort. She still resembled a
back-alley Turkish whore who had not been allowed out of her crib for a week.

	Holding the ruined shoe and the front of her saturated blouse as best she
could, she took a deep breath and entered the corridor. If one could lift
their gaze beyond the ridiculous movements of the torso that quickly passed
by, they would note a small but very evident sly smile on the seemingly
beautiful but clown-like made up face. Though of genius intellect, the self
indulgent bimbo persona still reigned triumphantly as Dee's raging autocratic
hormones took greater control of her libido.

	Ten minutes later Dee found herself standing at one end of the very crowded
waiting room. She was slightly sobbing at the utter embarrassment of being
loudly and ruthlessly upbraided by the receptionist for 'being 20 minutes
late. She still looked shamefully ridiculous, and now smelled terrible'. She
was ordered to stand and wait at the far end of the room and fill out the
many required forms.

	Every chair was occupied. Dee was tired and very thirsty. She had lost a lot
of fluids. It was extremely difficult trying to hold the shoe, keep her
blouse pulled together and write on the clipboard which was held in her left
hand towards the end of her left tit. The shoe fell. She decided to leave it
there temporally but was ordered to pick it up by the haughty receptionist.
She squatted to retrieve it by feel. All eyes (22) scrutinized every nuance
of Dee's sweat lathered anatomy with the intensity of a 5.000 dpi, high-speed
scanner.

	One pair did not. They belonged to a hugely pregnant woman who was half
reclined in a very rigid manner in a type of four-wheeled metal chair. Only
her face and hands were undraped by a rubber-like material. Her head was
completely encased in a metal helmet containing a large variety of
protrusions, connectors and receiving holes. It was clamped by a series of
steel bands and rods to the unrelenting, wide, steel headrest. A complicated
series of dental appliances held the mouth open in a wide extreme manner,
leaving the upper and lower gums completely exposed. Her tongue was stretched
out an incredible amount, being held in place by a clamping device at the
tip, which was in turn was retained by two five inch long, 1/4 inch rods that
connected to the jaw expander deep inside the mouth. Both nostrils of the
exposed nose was jammed tightly with cone shaped rods that emanated upward
from the mouth appliance. They had been shoved so far up and tightly that the
nose was crumpled upwards. Several miniature motors were connected at
strategic positions on the complicated head and mouth device. The hands
continuouly clawed and ripped at the terminus of each rounded chair arm.

	However, it was the eyes that caused Dee to gasp in astonishment. They were
blood shot and bulging in a most extreme manner, revealing - most
particularly to Dee's experienced eyes - total uncompromising horror and
agony. A constant series of hums, whirring, clacks and soft grinding could be
heard emanating from the enclosed, large rectangular bottom of the chair.

	To the waiting patients, including Dee, the most curious and disturbing
thing about this strange suffering, apparently ill woman and her ambulatory
chair, were the intermittent changes in the motorized noises and the
agonizing response of the poor creature in it. As the sounds grew in volume,
intensity and changing pitch the woman's eyes somehow bulged even more,
actually protruding out of her sockets over an inch. The telescoping rods
connected to her mouth and tongue extended in length as the small motors
kicked in. This resulted in a gapping of the mouth that was humanly
impossible. Yet, it was real. Equally unbelievable was the fact that the
tongue stretched at least an additional inch, as if it were made of extremely
pliant rubber instead of mere human skin. What was unseen to the
uncomprehending and revolted but mostly compassionate patients was that the
pair of half-inch wide, four-inch long, metal clamps at the end of the tongue
was connected through the tongue by three sharp studs.

	After about half a minute of this, the rubber encased body began shivering.
This evolved into heavy shudders and maxed out into a long series of strong
seizure-like convulsions and spasms. The chair shook and swayed for over a
minute. Muffled gagging and choking sounds spilled out of the gapping mouth.
A series of loud sucking and crackling noises spilled out of the bottom
portion of the box. The spastic lady went rigid with ever more bulging of the
eyes. They somehow bespoke even greater horror and agony. After a total of
several minutes she slumped, with hands still clawing, A large amount of
greenish drool hung out of her mouth to spill over the black rubber sheet.
Had this poor suffering woman been anywhere other than the Doctor's office an
investigation would have ensued concerning who was torturing her and why. The
large, white-dressed female attendant with her, dabbed away the tears that
were spilling profusely from both still horror struck eyes.

	Dee felt both compassion and slutty erotic identity.

	As the woman seemed to be recovering from what was obviously a grand mall
seizure of some type, Dee refocused her attention to her current situation.
Squatting to sit in a finally, available chair, she was quickly ordered not
to do so. "You will not be permitted to sit an any of the chairs Ms Winston.
How could you be so inconsiderate to even wish to do so? Look at yourself.
You are a filthy mess. Would you sit after someone as nasty and stinky as you
sat there first? No! You will continue to stand until you are called, if you
are called. You have singularly upset our entire scheduling situation. I'm
surprised no one has slapped you by now." Dee dabbed away a small tear of
humiliation and cleared her dry throat. "Ma'am, may I get a quick drink of
water then?" "No you may not Ms Winston," replied the increasingly arrogant
and unpleasant receptionist." We cannot take a chance that you will not be in
the waiting room when you are called. Besides, filling up with water now may
corrupt the tests that have to be made."

	Dee nodded meekly with head down. She was again the focus of attention and
both dreaded and loved it. "Yes, " she finally recognized, I am indeed, a
self-indulgent bitch. But Jesus, I am thirsty."




Deanna's Tao (Book Two)
Chapter Three
Intermezzo - Etched in Acid
Further down the Timeline: A Dee and Annie Adventure One Year in the Future

	Dee has been tightly secured in another of her ridiculous contorted
positions. It is number 23 from a medley of contorted positions demanded and
secured by Rhea, many via endless and esquisite hours and days of near bone
shattering practice - even for Dee - and orthopedic surgical modification -
most without anesthesia of course. Placed on her stomach with her endless
acres of tit flesh pulled and splayed out to either side of her torso, her
feet are pulled back towards her head so that her ass comes to rest on the
top of her head. It is a rare feat that few contortionists can achieve. Dee's
results are much more radical. Her legs are further pulled down and forward
such that her massive ass cheeks engulf half of her head. Only her face
emerges from the ludicrous frame of her wide spread buttocks. Her legs, which
project far out in front of her, are splayed painfully wide by two of Rhea's
slaves. Barbed wire has been wound around and just above each knee and
secured to vertical bars located on the front left and right side of the
table she rests on. Her lower legs are then bent back and secured by a six
foot wrapping of the wire to her wide splayed thighs. Blood drips rather
profusely to the floor four feet below.

	Dee, currently ungagged, grunts and heaves under the already painful
situation. It is a most obscene spectacle because the intended results have
been mostly achieved. Dee's daily tonsorially plucked, yet most massive cunt
now stands fully prominent atop her severely bent torso and ass platform. She
can observe its lower portion and the tip of the slightly curved out, slowly
erecting clit. The severe spread of her legs causes the mutant abnormality of
her vulva to affect a too wide, wet split. Sixteen wide-gauge rings, in the
large lips, jingle and jangle as Dee's cunt begins to go spastic in
anticipation of unknown future events. The inner lips - after a year of
horror-paradise with her Goddess - hang so far down and out that they flop
just above Dee's up-searching eyes.

	Pain slut that she still is, the hazel orbs blink rapidly as fresh cunt
slime even now, drools out of the cavernous vagina which pulses and gulps in
slurpy noisy incantations for the invasion of any wide deep penetrating
object of painful bliss. The volume even this early in the horrid affair, is
so plentiful that it flows down the scrunched, tight ass crease and across
her face.

	She screeches intensely as her arms are drawn upward above her secured knees
and secured in a muscle quivering tautness by attaching her hands to heavy
boards secured to the rods, and by driving very thick nails through the
sealed, half-inch piercings that run through the center of her palms and
between her hand bones. (She has over the past 12 months been pierced and
ringed in hundreds of places in, about and through her body. Some are tiny
such as at the tip of her toes and fingers. Others are one to several inches
wide such as at the flesh of her buttocks, thighs, tits and stomach. Often
the rings are purposefully removed to allow partial closing of the wounds,
only to be painfully ringed again before the closing of the wounded flesh is
complete). Her luxuriant auburn hair is parted a couple of inches above both
temples to reveal two 1/4 inch, open ended silver plugs which had been
imbedded through her scalp and 3/8 inch into her skull. Each is threaded to
receive a one inch long T-bar. The width of the T section at the top of the
unit is two inches. Due to the huge fleshy expanse of her quaking ass, 15
inch steel lined chains were require to connect the T-bars to corresponding
thicker T-bars which had been screwed into the 1/2 inch plugs that in turn,
had been screwed into her hip bones. Now her head is solidly secured without
benefit of any possible movement. Each of the silver receiving units in her
hips and head are flush with the skin when not plugged with a variety of
connector units such as the T-bars. This enables a flush fit of clothing when
required. (Dee has on many occasions been required to go public with the
snorting units visible outside her clothing and in many exposed portions of
her unique anatomy she had many of those such as in her ankles, top of feet,
shoulders, knees, and other places of special invitation).

	The table is then removed producing a spectacle unseen - perhaps unimagined
- by any of the several dozen guests in the room. Loud gasps and shrieks
reverberate off the mildewed brick walls as Dee is displayed to all. She is a
gasping entity of bent, stretched flesh and bone. Her teary eyed gasping face
peers out from between her massive ass cheeks. A squelching, farting cunt
sits high atop the abused contorted torso, frothy, thick yellowish-white
pussy-pus drools down and occasionally squirts beyond the ass-encased face.
The table-resting tits, now hanging 30 inches down, still swing and sway in
response to the demands of gravity.

	The obscene, long, thick nipples are quickly stabbed by the first five
inches of a 24 inch long, three quarter inch thick hollow rod, which is
perforated by several hundred small holes. It takes ten agonizing, tit
searing minutes for each of the rods to be fully inserted and secured in
place by three brass pins through each nipple and rod. Dee flops and jerks to
the extent possible. Her palms exude additional blood. She is left ungagged
at the request of the guests. She screeches and bellows but does not plead
for a cessation to the event. Having been denied treatment for her lawless
hormones for an additional year enables her still growing cunt to gush ever
increasingly. A thick four ounce ropy wad ejaculates beyond her agonized
face.

	Transparent flexible tubes are attached to the three inches of rod emerging
from Dees grossly enlarged nipples. The six foot long tubes are then attached
to transparent plastic containers hanging from the 12 foot ceiling.They are
three feet above Dee's bent torso. Each container is filled with five gallons
of acidic acid, a horribly abusive, flesh burning, but non-lethal, fiery
liquid Satan when left in contact with skin for a duration. Small petcocks on
the end of the rods are opened immediately. The six foot fall of the tube
enables a very rapid velocity of acid to enter Dee's scarred but still
attractive sacs within twenty seconds. The petcocks are closed after a gallon
has been quickly absorbed by the vast inner-spaces of Dee's internal breast
meat and duct works. Her shrieks and piercing screams intensify with the ever
increasing raging fiery assault of the acidic acid.

	After five minutes her caterwauling reaches an intolerable volume even for
the experienced ears of the perverse audience. The howls are muted somewhat
by attaching a ring into one of the six holes in her tongue. Her gigantic
dick sized clit which now quivers and tosses out beyond her ass and above her
bulging eyes is fitted with a large gauge ring in the open hole at the tip.
It is then pulled down into the wide splayed gap of her cunt. It has grown so
long and thick in the past year that it can now be painfully pulled and
stretched down past her frothing vagina, entering and exiting the tight ass
crease at the bridge of her snorting nose. Her very elastic tongue which has
also been much attended to for the purpose of extreme stretch capabilities in
the last 12 months, is pulled up to cover her nose entirely, and is attached
to the clit ring. The poor tongue, which is the weaker of the two appendages,
is stretched to the middle of her forehead as the jerking, spasming cunt and
clit heave and jerk in response to Dee's magnifying suffering. The sounds of
her nightmarish suffering are now gagging, low toned grunts, squeals and
wails. Another gallon is released to each undulating breast. They begin to
visibly swell. Her violet jerks and heaving torso movements necessitate
adding more barb wire to her legs. The nails in her hands are driven tight
into her palms. Cunt snot emanates from either side of her clit which only
partially barricades her widening, sharp object-starved vagina.

	Across the room even Annie is bug-eyed at the preposterous sight of her
friend and lover. The diminutive analist and self-admitted degenerate became
even more bug-eyed as a splintery cone of lumber was being hammered into her
cunt just short of rupturing her. The canal, though certainly not virginal,
was a much less visited tunnel of huge invasions than her much more adaptive
and willing back channel. Of course, as a frequent visitor - not permanent by
mutual agreement - of Rhea's world she was subject to whatever consequences
oozed from the rotten, but fertile, brilliance of Rhea's convoluted compost
heaped mind. She was tied spread eagle as her fuzz gleaned cunt flaps were
stretched to tearing and nailed to the wooden cone, thus, insuring that it
would be pulled a mite further into the small dry grotto. She screeched in
new found agonies as she recalled once again that though in possession of
masochistic wants and needs, she was no Deeana Winston. She just was not
really cunt oriented. Her literal and figurative delights were anal and oral.
Yes, she did enjoy having Dee's clit occasionally plow its way along the
tight moistening channel of her vagina and permitted Dee also on rare
occasion opportunity to mouth and tongue her tiny but sensitive clit after
massive abuse to Dee's agony knotted but worthy counterpart. She enjoyed
having her barely budding but long nippled ninnies flogged with a belt or
thin paddle, loved having her bladder dammed up and performing sicko deeds
unseen in public places. She would feast on any morsel no matter how vile and
lived to have her anus and bowels abused and tortured in ungodly ways.

	She was crying both at her own condition and at that of her most beloved
friend. She had a greater perception of Dee's masochistic persona and
anatomical variegations than anyone other than Rhea. Still she was amazed and
concerned about the current situation, which she was fully informed of. She
had to perform her part. As had been agreed a year ago she too was totally at
the whim and mercy of Rhea when in the mansion. This was the only arrangement
allowed if Annie and Dee were to continue their mutual need for each other's
presence. It was not a difficult decision for the brilliant but extremely
deviant 4'10", 89 pound slut. She would have dared it even if Dee were not in
the picture. In fact, her rutting licentiousness and lurid displays had on
many occasions shocked and impressed the normally wordly and carnally
knowledgeable Rhea.

	She staggered toward Dee on extremely bowed legs. Her long, monkey-like
nipples, (a result of her own erotic ministrations) were wired for hot
electrical currents if her performance were not flawless. Her mission was
quite simply to get her entire head into Dee's cavernous but eminently
stretchable vagina within 15 minutes and if achieved to head fuck her for the
length of time it took to transfer the acidic acid from Dee's tits to her own
rapacious and equally rubbery ass and large intestines. The wooden, cone
shaped stake would be removed once the fucking and transfer began.

	It was a mission that Dee and Annie had tried without success on many
occasions. Though a very small woman, Annie had an almost - but not quite -
normal sized head due to her above average cranial capacity. It was about
eight inches at its thickest front to back and only about seven inches thick
at the sides. Dee who was unaware of the forthcoming event, had been enlarged
with many types of expanding instruments during the past year. Some she wore
for weeks at a time. Other expansions were performed with agonizing results
while in restraint for several hours a session. Rhea had plans that Dee would
eventually exceed even the wildest dreams of the most size conscious freaks
in her universe.

	Annie became almost happy with the prospect of achieving her long dreamed of
success and ability to drink and suck up Dee's proliferate juices right at
the internal source. She was also looking forward to the unknown but expected
fiery results of the acid in her ass as well as accommodating a larger volume
of fluid than ever before. Even in high school, about once a week, if
possible before school, she concocted her own brand of "putrid pepper sauce"
by demanding that Dee fist fuck her with hand fulls of her mother's
home-grown very hot chili peppers, leaving them elbow deep and further, and
repeating the process until she had several dozen of the finger mashed split
open devils in place throughout her super erotically charged colon. She then
ordered Dee to administer as much as three quarts of a solution of vinegar
along with a bottle of melted analgesic. So enduring was she that she would
cork it up with a three inch wide, eight inch long butt plug flush to her
anus and retain it until after school. The swelling was explained as
menstrual in nature. Dee's "reward" was a sewing needle fully embedded in the
tip of her erect clit, which she was to retain till the end of school, and to
receive a thorough cleaning of her own unwashed feet which had been bare and
unwashed for two-four days (Annie loved Dee's feet as much as Dee herself).
Dee of course, was not permitted to cum during the 15 minute procedure, which
was yet another of the daily orgasm denials she had to endure. After school,
Annie would then go to her "total toilet" located in a woodlot behind her
father's woodshed. After completely stripping she would rock back on her
shoulders with ass just above her head - on the same four year bare
bitch/slut/pig wallow of bare ground - and shit the viscid brew all over
herself, ingesting all that she could aim into her loudly lapping mouth. She
would then wallow and twist about in the vile concoction for half an hour or
more while violently fisting herself or ramming her hidden, well used three
inch thick Red Oak branch deep into the still starving, stinking grotto. A
cool wash down in the nearby perennial stream would wash away all evidence of
the obscene, vile deed.

	Now she was between Dee's horribly splayed legs. Dee seeing Annie calmed her
violent oral emanations slightly. Her eyes communicated pure unadulterated
agony and despair. Each suffering tit now hung at least 36 inches under the
weight of five gallons of burning acid. The swelling was massive and it
seemed as if several hugely bloated blood vessels would surely rupture. The
areolas had expanded to the size of over inflated footballs. The nipples had
expanded to over two inches thick. It was the largest volume of liquid that
Rhea had ever injected into one of her sluts.

	Dee was informed that the acid would be drained only after Annie had
successfully head fucked her. Dee's eyes but distinct mumbling redeclared her
abject hideous agony and total dependence and relief from Annie. Annie sobbed
anew as she read the pitifully visual plea. Her tits were connected to the
electrical device at the same time that her head was greased and saturated
with the plenteous supply of Dee's slippery outpourings. It was a concession
very rarely allowed by Rhea.

	Dee's still iron rigid clit was released from the tongue bondage. "OH God in
heaven, please help me Annie. My back is broken I'm sure and the... the...
Argggg...the acid is boiling me alive. Mercyfulllll GODDD!! please get your
head in my pussy. Rupture me! NOW! Yieeeee, DO IT!!!. Dee was quickly
silenced when a three pound weight was attached to her tongue ring. Her
tongue stretched downward four inches. "Dhhhhithhhh eeeesssee, urghhhh...
Ghaaaddd!!"

	Annie's anus was quickly inserted with an expanding ribbed dildo which was
pumped to over three inches in width. She could easily accommodate more but
for the stake in her now bleeding pussy. A pair of transparent hoses was
attached to the Y shaped receptacle which protruded from the center of the
dildo. The other ends of the tubes were inserted into a similar Y shaped
valve (now in the Off position) that was attached to both of the tubes that
fed Dee's suffering milk sacs. Miniature pumps were also attached to force
the vile liquid up into Annie's ass if she succeeded in her task. Annie was
instructed to deep throat Dee's nine inch clit for ten minutes before
beginning the sordid and revolting colossal coitus.

	Dee shook and quivered. She spied her prehensile toes which danced in ways
never before witnessed by even herself. Annie immediately felt a slightly
deeper probing from the monster clit. Dee's foot fetish was still at the ever
ready despite her gruesome circumstances. Sweat and slimy cream oozed and
gushed from Dee's spastic cunt meat.

	The ever confident and libido anarchist Annie was then instructed to begin
her silly but demanding task. She had no doubt that she would succeed. It was
a deed that would provide mutual benefit to her and her most beloved friend
and lover. She quickly engulfed her entire face to the ears in the syrupy
mass between Dee even wider stretched outer lips. Then by placing each of her
fingers and thumbs in the rings decorating Dee's inner lips, pulled violently
outward, stretching the super rubbery flesh so extremely that she was able to
bring both pairs together behind her head. This produced a rather equal
pressure against her head, forcing it forward even more. Annie pushed onward,
bending her slippery head downward some to affect entrance of her skull. Her
face was already buried to the chin. She snorted heavily in and out of the
oxygen catheter that had been inserted into her nostrils. The thin green
tubing supplied her well... She could hear Dee's gruntal heaves and dog-like
barks as her ears began the inward journey. This meant that Annie's seven
inch skull width had been attained. All that remained was the crown of her
upper skull and scalp. Thunk! Dee's pubic bone and thick clit had suddenly
hindered progress at the upper end of her abject and grossly extended vulva
and vaginal entrance. The unyielding bone forced Annie's head to gouge more
entrance at the sides and lower portion of the ungodly hole. There was no
more stretch left in Dee's elephantine cunt.

	Annie screamed in paralyzing rigidity as the first blast of current entered
her nipples. It permeated her being and all expectations of what she
perceived it would be. Rhea had cut her no slack. The current was so high
that her breath left her and her nipples were actually singed. It lasted ten
seconds. She now plowed ahead with ruthless purpose and unfound strength.

	"Mother fucker!! That not going to happen again. Fuck her, Fuck Dee. God
almighty that's pain I do not need or want. OH poor Deanna, I'm going to
rupture this greasy offal of a cunt right now. Sorry."

	But before she shoved with her ultimate last effort the current assaulted
her with greater intensity and duration. "YAAAAA!!! SPLUTTTT..
GHAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa" she intoned for thirty seconds.
Wisps of curly blue smoke drifted up from her burnt erect milk spouts. She
heaved forward with such intensity that her entire head lodged well within
Dee's suddenly ruptured vagina. Dee's perineum gave way with a 3/4 inch tear.
More painfully, were the 1/8 and even 1/4 inch tears in her vagina. Blood
seeped around Annie's matted hair and compressed face.

	"SHITTTTTTTTTT!!!!!, GHAAAAAAAaaaaaa, cock sucking, bitch in heat Rhea. It's
over, ahhhhhh, shit she has burnt my nipples off. FUCK YOU, you sadistic
bitch beauty. You too, Deanna you over sexed, monkey toed, cow cunt pain
slut. BITCHES, FUCKING Bitches. Jesus, I'm hurt. You fucking hurt me."

	She regained her senses after a half a minute more. It suddenly dawned on
Annie that Rhea realized with her practiced eye, that despite her most
Herculean efforts she would never get her head in Dee's cunt without help.
Thus the electrical assist. Annie quickly did her part by twisting her head
sideways and up and down to the extent possible. She smiled inwardly. This
was now a delight, despite the fact that she could feel the vibrations of
Dee's screams and muscles contracting and heaving revolt to the pain.

	As she twisted and head/face fucked her dear friend with renewed vigor,
Annie reached up with both hands seeking what she assumed had to assuredly be
a soft and reposed clit. "Well, fuck you and your presumptive nature Ms
genius Annie Blithman". What she quickly found was a clit so swollen from the
pressure and erotic circumstances that it over filled both of her hands to
the extent that she could not get her small hands completely around it. She
jerked and twisted it as she maintained her ordered head fuck.

	Suddenly, she felt the rapid rush of warm liquid in her ass at the same
instant that the splintered stake was violently jerked from her injured cunt.
It elicited her most painful screech of the night.The acid continued onward
and upward, at first only warm but heating her upper colon as it maintained
its skin scorching presence. The ridged dildo was inflated to the width of a
two liter cola bottle as she began to swell with the burning volume. Too soon
she felt the first pangs of cramping from the extreme volume which in her
case and long history of severe enemas to date, did not begin until she had
absorbed about five quarts. She began to quiver as the burning and volume
intensified even more. The dildo was inflated to the final width of a three
liter bottle. She had accommodated both of Dee's rather large arms far up her
ass but this was almost more than even she could stretch.

	The $300 specially designed pump performed flawlessly. Two gallons had been
pumped into the anal 'innards. She shivered and began to gag in protest.
Still it flowed on relentless as the tides of Half Moon Bay. OHH God no more!
No more! surely they do not intend to pump the entire 10 gallons in me. Its
absolutely impossible. Ohhh! Oh please dear Rhea let me live and serve.

	Annie removed her hands from Dee's still rigid clit and felt her abdomen. It
felt at the maxed out extent she feared. Indeed it was at the largest ever.
But still the river of acid continued. Now she was burning worse than the two
quarts of pot heated analgesic she had once self-administered during her
second year of Med. school. Her brilliance, genius intellect, and help from a
BD/SM experienced proctologist were all that enabled her to catch up after a
weeks absence from classes.

	This dose of acid which still raped every crevice of her sensitive GI tract,
was now twice as worse. She began screaming incoherently as she pulled her
head from Dee's torn pussy. Her face, head and fiery red hair were swathed in
blood and yellowish-white pussy lubricant. A fleeting coherent glance at
Dee's face revealed a look of horror and utmost sexual intensity as Dee began
a violent orgasm on having her cunt torn even more at the violent withdrawal
of Annie's head and the strange and new reflection of agonized ecstasy on
Annies face.

	Annie was in the throes of extremely annihilating cramping, burning
intensity and volumetric pressure and fullness as the liquid fire continued
to fill her dangerously. It was so painful - and erotic - that she was
totally speechless. She could only stare at Rhea who stood nude on spread
legs as an in-house slut worked at her cunt, one worked at each huge
nipple-erect tit and one ate from her narrow ass. One hand was on her hip and
the other worked at the four inch clit that her radical hormones had grown
before being pinched off by medication; the same medication that would help
Dee but was being withheld. She was in complete control of the room's events
and herself. She nodded yes in response to the worried, quizzical look from
the slave who controlled the flow of acid in Annies near rupturing ass.

	Annie stared in bug-eyed total helplessness at Rhea, communicating her
absolute knowledge and acceptance that Rhea controlled her fate and very
existence now. She vomited as the fires raged and another two quarts filled
her. Her abdomen had swollen to an extent beyond her sick imagination. Her
navel had now completely inverted, growing longer and thicker as the internal
flesh that filled it expanded with new fluid. The lower contours of her belly
overlapped her cunt and rested on her thighs. It raged far out beyond her
burnt nipples. Finally the sheer weight of twelve quarts of liquid (24
pounds) drove her to her knees. Again she vomited as another quart litterally
forced up the contents of her stomach. Two more quarts began to adversely
affect her breathing. She began to feel faint as the fire reached a maximum
intensity and the last quart was administered as Rhea nodded a halt to the
affair.

	Annie could barely breathe as the dildo was pumped up an additional 1/2
inch, causing her anus to finally give up the ghost and began splitting with
small tears all around the bloodless perimeter. Rhea had walked over and
stood astride the miniature slut. Annie, looked up at the bare pulsating
large cunt above her. A thick wad of cream oozed out. Through the buzz in her
ears Annies heard her Mistress declare "it's all yours my wee little oralist.
Drink it and cum. As you do I will add another quart. You will not die. You
will instead continue to cum as I ejaculate and piss your dessert in your
very receptive mouth. When I am finished your liquid anal main course will be
released and all will be well for both you and your deep cunted friend."

	Annie began to to cum immediately as Rhea's vagina began contracting gouts
of thick vaginal roux on to her face and into her mouth. Rhea began screaming
out her own orgasmic release as she began a full two minute held back piss
into the scavenger sluts mouth. Annie even grabbed her crispy but
non-permanently injured nipples and stretched them a full four inches. before
falling to the floor with 34 ounces of her mistresses' urine in her stomach
and the most hard won but satisfying orgasm of her life. One day, in her most
fondest dreams, maybe her Mistress would allow her to be her personal toilet
for a whole week without benefit of one bite of regular food. Yum! she
thought as the burning acid was flushed from her ass with multiple quarts of
very alkaline solutions. Still it would take over a week for both she and Dee
to recuperate, happily so however. Rhea in a rare moment of satisfaction and
benevolence allowed each to share the same bed for the first two days and the
same cage for the remaining six days of recovery.

	Dee was let down and made to immediately stagger on very bowed legs to the
infirmary. Her massive still internally red hot mams bounced and rolled off
of her hips and upper thighs, so huge had they grown. More disturbing was the
current six inch bleeding open gash of her further enlarged cunt hole. It
would close up some in time but likely would remain at least four inches in
girth before being further expanded by the sordid instruments of Rhea's mind
and laboratories. Even more amazing was the still rigid expanse of Dee's
clit. It seemed to be an almost permanent erection to her total sluttish
mindset and need for attention. It was becoming a case of satyrism.
Permanent, increasingly painful erection even after release but worse without
it.

	Rhea shook her head in renewed wonderment of this special slave and winked
in recognition of the many wanton treatments she would administer to enhance
Dee's body and future.




Deanna's Tao (Book Two)
Chapter Four
Slut in A Wheelchair

	Dee with broken shoe in hand, began leaking pee down her crossed over legs
ten minutes after the poor groaning and shuddering creature in the special
chair (Miss Ren�e Cruten�) was quickly assigned a preparation room. The
urgency was due to a particularly violent seizure that had prompted the
alarmed and noticeably angry patients to insist that she be seen right away.
The seizure, in concert with the cacophony of strident sounds from the
chair's bottom hell, was so severe that blood from the now partially torn
root of her vastly stretched tongue mixed with the thick, greenish vomit that
spewed out and past her massively enlarged, rubber-sheet covered stomach. The
rancid, bile-diluted concoction looked and smelled horrible as it oozed
towards Dee's bladder induced dancing feet.

	Dee blanched at the sight but quickly focused on her own malaise as soon as
the woman was wheeled out by her only slightly concerned attendant. Dee began
to shuffle in small tip toed steps towards the scowling receptionist. Drops
of piss could be seen running around her ankles.

	"You may not leave that area of the room Miss Winston. You are just too
filthy and smelly at the moment. Just stay there until you are called", the
haughty hair-in a-bun, bitch contemptuously noted for all to hear.

	"Please Miss, I can hold it no longer" Dee pleaded in a whiney, desperate
voice.

	"What is it you are saying Miss Winston?" came the snide reply.

	"I, I, I, am starting to, to, l... leee... leak ma'am. I have, have, to,
t... to urinate now. Please let me go to the rest room immediately. I am so
embarrassed and these poor people are also, I'm sure." Dee began weeping as
her humiliation increased.

	"Jesus, let the poor bitch go" shouted the skinny, pale faced, woman waiting
closest to Dee. "She smells like a Manhattan garbage scow and looks too
ridiculous to be tolerated. Damn woman, how could you get yourself in such a
mess"?

	"I suppose you may be right Mrs. Stephens" the once rude, very hairy-armed,
employee replied sweetly to the wife of a CEO who was worth three billion
dollars. "We do apologize for the disruption Miss Winston has caused".

	"Miss Winston please go immediacy to room eight down the hall. Miss Cruten�
is there also, so please do not cause a disturbance. You will strip and use
the flask located on the table to give us a specimen. Do not fill it more
than half way. Go now!"

	Dee surged forward with a quick and blessed. "Oh! Thank you so much Miss" to
the skinny woman.

	"Fuck you, you monkey-toed, slovenly cum bucket" Mrs. Stephens muttered loud
enough for most to hear.

	In her haste, Dee slipped in the congealing vomit and nearly fell to the
floor. She regained her balance only at the expense of dropping all her paper
work, her broken shoe and her gigantic sex-toy-filled bag. Nine sets of
female lungs collectively expanded at the sight of Dee - in profile to most -
as she bent and squatted somewhat to recover her belongings. Her
valentine-shaped ass jutted up and out massively beyond the tiny cinched-in
waist. Equally unbelievable, was the naked tit that swayed ponderously as its
freakish nipple brushed the floor. Dee stood quickly, not even bothering to
cover herself as the desperate journey towards Preparation Room eight
continued. A heavy surge of piss ran down her inner right leg, partially
dissolving a thick wad of vaginal venom that had congealed on the elevator.
Green vomit and hot piss slathered between her squelching, long, bending
toes. Her jumping and jutting ass disappeared down the hall.

	The sight that greeted Dee as she quickly entered the room caused her to
piss on herself full strength for several seconds and to again, drop all of
her belongings. The door slammed in loud response to her unconscious,
violent, backward, arm thrust. She cried out at the sight of a situation even
her extremely perverted mind could never have imagined.

	"Keep your cock sucking mouth shut and do not interfere" snarled the
attendant with Ren�e. "You understand cow slut?"

	Now standing in an increasingly expanding pool of her own pee and dissolved
cunt cream, Dee nodded silently as she witnessed Ren�e - with head harness
and dental appliance still attached - attempting to stand up away from the
large motorized chair. She was gallantly attempting to remove a hideously
wide, clear plastic shaft from her impossibly gaping ass hole. The shaft was
firmly attached the seat of the chair with removable brass studs. Over ten
inches of the torturous pole was evident now that the back of the chair was
removed. A thick, tar like bubbling mass could be seen flowing up through the
shaft as Ren�e continued to attempt to extricate herself from it. It was bulb
shaped and the thickest diameter had yet to be exposed. Thus, the more she
stood, the more her anus widened. Ren�e bellowed and screamed in loud animal
like snorts, and screeches.

	Ren�e's situation was uniquely and horribly compounded by the massive size
and weight of her ungodly distended abdomen which was still receiving a
voluminous quantity of hot, thick, clay and tar which was diluted with
liquefied cloves, castor oil and fiery pepper concentrates. Her stomach was
so swollen that it bloated beyond her ability to join hands at the inverted
navel, which was the size of a D cell battery. So full were her guts with the
peanut butter-thick, spicy mud that their curvaceous convolutions could be
traced in relief all across the too thin, awfully stretched surface of skin.
Her abdominal muscles strained and became spastic in their attempt to keep
the internal dam from rupturing. Her belly now hung on her wide-splayed
thighs as she lifted another agonizing inch off the hollow gut-feeding shaft.
Her eyes bulged as never before and a complete sheen of sweat poured
downward. Fingers clawed small bloody furrows in the two foot, elongated,
pendulous tits that hung and flopped off the sides of her massive abdomen.
Another inch off the shaft was accomplished in concert with a deep internal
rumbling of gut gas that had no means of escape. And still, the widest
portion in the middle of the shaft was not evident.

	Ren�ee gagged and slobbered more green slime. Inhuman guttural sounds spewed
past her maxed out elongated bleeding tongue. Her mouth was made to gape so
wide by the torturous head and dental apparatus, that a large fist could have
been inserted. The width of the bulb shaped shaft was now so horrible that
further lifting began to result in an inversion of her lower colon as well as
her rupturing anus.

	"That's my girl" encouraged the attendant in white. Come on you fucking
enema-loving slut. You wished for a new record of inversion and quantity and
I think you may succeed."

	"Garrr... bubbberrr... ubbblllurrr... eeeeee... ghaaaa" Ren�e gagged and
sputtered with a totally incomprehensible and pleading throat utterance. Her
eyes were so blood-shot, over worked and beseeching in horror that they
suggested almost totally insanity. Still she gagged and pulled, finally
attaining the widest (six and one half-inch) portion of the still feeding
shaft. Fourteen inches were now exposed.

	"Bingo, bitch!" shouted the attendant. Ren�e screeched and stopped as if to
savor the moment of maximum attainment and utter fulfillment. Another quart
of hot clay expanded her belly an additional inch. A plethora of blue veins
patterned the tight, shiny, gut corrugated surface.

	Dee's cunt jerked inwardly in erotic response to the sight of Ren�e's
gigantically inverted, bulging gut. It was an impossible sight. Filled with
at least two quarts of stinking mud, the exposed gut and bleeding anus hung
over a foot outside the wide crease of Ren�ee's medium sized ass. The
agonized slut was so needful of the horrible treatment however, that she rose
off the widest portion of the bulb in order that even more mud might be
pumped into the relieved small space.

	An audible Splurt was heard as yet another pint was injected into what Dee
supposed had to be the world's most capacious intestines. The gut bag of hot
mud hung down an additional two inches. It was so stuffed that it was about
four inches wide as it exited Ren�e's well used but ruptured ass hole and as
rounded as a football below. The attendant quickly attached a spring-loaded
clamp to the open end of the prolapsed gut as Ren�e rose off the
eighteen-inch plastic monster. The agonizing force of the steaming, muddy
clay/tar that spurted from the ten gallon reservoir in the enclosed bottom of
the motorized chair was evident, as several ejaculations cascaded over a foot
in the air before the attendant could shut off the pump motor.

	Dee's rabid cunt began churning. Unbeknownst to her, Ren�e, though pained as
never before in her six tortuous years as an enema slave, was ecstatic that
she had perhaps yet again, exceeded her previous intestinal capacity. Dee's
knowing eye did perceive a scintillating flash of pride and erotic response
in Ren�e's horrible grimace. After all, the goatish bitch only lived to have
her guts expanded so as to accommodate the vile concoctions of her Owner.
Now, if only she could shit the hardening mass out in one long, massive turd
as ordered. Then it could be weighed and measured to confirm her new record.
If successful, she would be allowed a night of personal attention by her most
malicious Owner

	"Do not fall to your knees Ren�e" the attendant scowled with malice. "Move
your bloated gut to the evacuation room. You know the drill."

	"Ghagggggurrrrreeee, ackkkk, blithhhhhh." Ren�e yodeled in agony and new
found fear. She indeed knew the drill. She would be beaten with a thin,
leather handled, wispy, single barbed wire over her super-elongated,
completely pendulous tits, back and ass for the entire two hours. Worse was
the pounding her massively hanging prolapsed gut would have to endure from a
thin wooded dowel. She would then be ordered to her bloody posterior and made
to shit out the firmly impacted mass. Worse, she would be required to scuttle
backward with widely spread legs and pushing feet so as to lay out the
horrific tube in one continuous display and measurement. This would take
hours, if indeed successful. If not, the mass would be softened with quarts
of extremely hot, horse liniment and raw lye soap and re-injected back into
her already seared intestines. She would then be plugged and made to crawl on
her back and massive belly for two days in the lower, filthy echelons of the
horror manor that was her home. After 48 hours, she would be allowed to
evacuate the foul mess in a wooden enclosed slave privy. There, with only her
nose plugged with a life-support plastic air nozzle, and loaded with massive
injections of antibiotics, she would spend three days, completely submerged,
with all ten pierced finger tips chained behind her back to miniature toe tip
connectors.

	As Ren�e turned and waddled out of the room, Dee began oozing as she noted
the lewd and very loose prolapsed bag swinging wildly between the extremely
bowed legs. She did not note the small dribble of cunt concoction contributed
by Ren�e to the front portion of the exposed gut.

	As quickly and as assuredly as a foot fetish frequents the supermarkets on a
Summertime Saturday, Dee became increasingly horny at the sight of Ren�e. No
less than the earth/sun orientation of a lunar eclipse, the vision of
elongated, sausage tits rebounding off the sweaty belly and inside-out
intestines slapping the back of thighs, also aligned itself to her perverse
preference for the impossible dank dirty deeds of BDSM.

	Her debauched anal-freak, best friend Annie had often rambled about how she
planned one day to turn her colon inside out from frequent, massive, but
controlled abuse. However, to date all she had attained was a tennis-ball
sized hemorrhoid which often poked outside the edges of her nicely rounded
but slight ass cheeks.

	Quickly removing her soggy ruined skirt and no-button, worthless blouse,
Dee, with Annie still in her carnal thoughts, retrieved the thumb-sized
catheter she always carried in a special side compartment of her oversized
bag. It was significantly larger than the largest made for the medical
profession. Her mother custom made a dozen of increasing size out of the
necessity of accommodating Dee's grossly large urethra and the fact that Dee
was often required to wear a variety of customized, unremovable chastity
devices, most of which had a hole just large enough for insertion of a
catheter. Over time, her urethra had stretched to the degree that she was now
down to the largest her mother had made nine years ago. It was as long and
thick as her index finger. Smearing it with a slick antibiotic, she easily
inserted it through the slit in the bra harness and into her nearly full
bladder. With a sigh of relief, she quickly emptied six ounces of urine into
the specimen bottle.

	Her naked, right breast swayed and slammed heavily into her hip and torso as
she walked slowly to the table to return the bottle. A small spurt of lactate
wet the floor as she leaned against the table to settle her tossing sacs and
waxing erotic thoughts. The hedonist image was a frequent rerun about how her
genius-intellected, ever prurient friend, would orgasm several times in the
course of gulping just one bladder load of Dee's piss directly into her
mouth, until her cheeks bloated like a voracious chipmunk's, before
swallowing the warm, sour nectar greedily and taking the next load directly
into her gargling throat. Dee smiled in contentment and quickly dribbled a
few emotional, love-charged tears. She sowed her daily acknowledgement and
tribute to her universal broker for her fortune in having such an emotional
and psychologically strong, totally committed and extremely capable friend.
She adored Annie, a feeling that was abundantly shared by her over-achieving,
fecal imbuing, slutty and saintly friend.

	Dee never ceased to be amazed at Annie's ability to grease through high
school - as the class valedictorian no less - with little or no need to study
more than a few hours a week, secure a degree in medicine in seven years,
complete her residency and qualify to hang her shingle in proctology (as much
a surprise to Dee as a pin in the nipple-induced clit swelling). Moreover,
Annie had been active in the educational focused activities of the National
Organization for Women (and with intention to become an argumentative but
almost always logical dissenter of the narrowly focused, mutual admiration
discussions of the blinded by cause, no-give element).

	Forgetful of the need to get out of the torture bra harness, Dee reached
under her fifty pounds of mammary with both arms, creating a compressed,
uneven, twenty-inch cleavage in the process. With much practiced aim, she
grabbed each hairy, slippery, very thick, outer cunt lip and tugged them in a
variety of elasticized directions. It was intentionally painful because each
had already been mashed out in a dangerous compression by the six inch wide
crotch strap of the garment. She had, once again, entered another ribald
reverie. The ruby red nipples, which were about the size and recumbence of a
mature male penis, began to stiffen. Her breathing quickened and the lips
stretched another inch as she recalled both the brave and utterly raunchy
first meeting she had with Annie a week before her near death ordeal with her
mother. It had occurred on a warm, summer day after school.




Deanna's Tao (Book Two)
Chapter Five
Anarchy in the Mist of a Coven of Sluts

	"Goddamn you sick, hairy cunt, bitch, crawl your elephant ass over here and
eat my shit" demanded a visibly pissed Peggy Cummings. She reinforced her
seething intent with the start of a third dozen blasts to Dee's raised ass
with the much used, thick, board she and her sadistic friends kept handy for
the torment of Dee. Peggy and the three other girls had forced Dee to stay
after summer-school for a round of extra curricula play in the woods, several
hundred yards behind the school. They had hatched a vile plan of action. Dee
was totally nude, with hands bound behind her back and massive ass in the
air. She was supported only by her extremely compressed tits, which were
splayed out far beyond her torso and even above her shoulders. Annie had
volunteered to assist during the summer school quarter for advanced students,
had followed covertly, intent to know just how far Dee and the truly cruel
Peggy would go with these almost daily painful and humiliating encounters.

	Dee had endured over thirty-six horrible bruising crashes of the board. Each
had distorted the Rubenesque, undulating rump horribly. The 44 inches of
ass-meat was visibly swollen. It was a dark crimson, from the bottom of her
thighs to several inches above the deep thick crease. Several palm sized
blisters and bruises had formed on the most prominent portions of the
tortured buttocks. She screamed through several pairs of piss and cream
soaked panty gags. The pain was so intense after the more than 48 blows that
Dee continued to scream into her gag for almost a minute after a temporary
halt in the cruel proceedings.

	Peggy slowly took a dump that had been retained, for two days. It lay in a
festering stinking pile twenty feet in front of Dee. She was forced, to push
her bruised tits across the uneven, hard packed ground with only her knees
and long, dirt digging toes as propulsion. Another dozen blows of the board
also helped. More blisters formed as the deep crimson color began to evolve
into a shade of violet. Dee somehow screamed even louder.

	What incensed Peggy was Dee's vigorous nod in the negative each time she was
reminded that she would eat the fly covered mess entirely when she reached
it. It was the first time Dee had ever failed to do as ordered by Peggy.
Dee's eyes communicated a firm and uncompromising NO! as she slid on her
agonizing tits to the pile of shit.

	Shit eating was one of the few perversions Dee did not wish to try. It was
just too vile and unthinkable for her to consider. The thought of doing it
sickened her. Piss she could handle, but not feces of any kind. She figured
she could countenance someone else doing it if they truly preferred. "Why
not", she rationalized. "Jesus, how many women would wish to be treated as I
do?" However, she would not, under any circumstances partake of the offal.
Thus, when she finally bellied and bagged her way up to the heap of gut hash
and her gag was removed, she set her teeth and lips firmly shut.

	The coven of sluts was incensed. They brutally kicked and beat Dee's back,
ass and legs with their hands, feet and sticks with such intenity that a
small turd emerged from between the tightly swollen crease of her bruised and
blistered butt. However, she remained firmly reticent, even as her swollen
and teary eyes began to betray definite reflections of erotic response.

	"Stop!" yelled Rachel Mays. "Would you just fucking look at that?

	Peering up between Dee's wide-spread thighs from behind, they observed what
was a half hard, flopping cock-clit, now swaying and jerking in a hardened
downward stretching stance. Many drops of thick, off-white cunt sludge was
being flung off the jerking, impossible appendage as it poured downward out
of Dee's convulsing, slimy vagina. The by now fist-sized abyss opened and
shut with very audible farting sounds.



	"Please forgive me Peggy" cried Dee, I'll do just about anything you wish
but I just cannot eat shit. I beg you not to insist. I'll tongue each of you
while you blast my tits with the board. "Oh Christ" she shouted, as a cunt
spasm crinkled her toes and caused the absurd giant nerve bundle to slither
another 1/4 inch out of its thick hooded sleeve.

	"You can even leave me in the school yard with both my shoes stuffed up my
stinking, freaky cunt. Ohhhhh... my cunt is on fire now" (as usual, Dee's
humiliating incantations added additional squirts of hot hormones to the
folds of her cerebral cunt community, increasingly the fevered condition of
their neither-regions).

	"Please, someone, please fuck it with something, anything. Ugggggg,
pleeeeeeseee... Oh God, ohhhh, Goddddddd, hit, hit... m..m..me again, tear my
nipples, cut my cl..cl..clit off, merciful God, help me. Ughhh, ghaaa..."

	"Slurgggggggggg" her cunt knotted and contracted in a resounding wet, three
second fart, jettisoning a ropy swirl, backwards on the open-toe sandals of
Sandy Grimwaldsen.

	"Oh Yukk" the - by invitation only - simple minded, fat, cruel, but
extremely strong teen-whore squealed. "You are such an animal Deanna."

	"Eat the shit and I'll tie your tits until they turn black Deanna. We'll
swell those dick sized nipples up large enough to fill even your obscene
openness. What'ya say cow cunt?"

	Thickened spittle flew out of Dee's flaring nostrils and from between the
miniature spaces of her bear-trap-clenched teeth. Her eyes rounded outward
from their darkening sockets. Tears flowed constantly. Veins in her neck and
temples corded to pencil thickness. Her blood pressure would have won a
steamboat race. She rattled and gagged. She was so near a choked off orgasm
that near dementia hovered just outside her barely conscious awareness.

	"Noooo!" she hissed before passing out in frustrated denial.

	When she awoke over a minute later, two fifty some-odd pound stones had been
placed on her flared out breasts. Peggy had straddled her with very
wide-spread legs. A sports shoe-shod foot dug heavily into each of Dee's
nearly ruptured nipples. Facing forward, Peggy was pissing on Dee's head. Two
of the girls had straddle-squatted in front of Dee's face, with skirts
raised. Gleefully, and with heapings of verbal abuse, they began to pee
directly on her face.

	Behind her, Sally Davis was pulling a thin rope up and out beyond Dee's
backward facing cunt. It had been tied just behind the cleft glans of Dee's
very abnormally swollen, hard clit. The freaky abomination was so thinly
elongated that the bulbous, bloated glans was being stuffed in her hairy, but
ever so tight ass hole. Sally, being the most "compassionate" of the four,
applied a smearing of cunt cream on it and popped the head in. A hard push
succeeded in gaining another inch along with some of the rope. A second rope
was tied to the awfully stretched rod, pulled up through the tight crease of
Dee's ass and tightened without slack around her neck. She now had to hold
her head far back not to choke.

	Her face, head, hair and the ground around them, were saturated in fem pee.
Her head was forced forward by the hands of two of the bitches. She began
choking as her face was pushed about in the muck. The impossible clit turned
purple. Her face began to turn blue. Still they kept pasting her face and
hair with a mask of pee-mud.

	"Glackk, akkkk, glupp, eeeeeepp... eeeeeepp" she strangled in high C, as the
last vestage of air in her mouth seeped past her failing vocal cords. More
could not have been purchased with an absolute answer as to why we live in
the first place. Now her face turned a light purple. ever darking eyes bulged
dangerously. The hugely swollen tongue lolled heavly below her bluish lips.
Still they forced her face further down until it was several inches deep in
the thickening offal.

	Because Dee's face was covered in muck, and the bitches were so focused on
their delightful tasks, none noticed that Dee was actually choking to death.
When both her clit and face turned almost black, Annie charged out from under
the young, bushy bay trees, butting Peggy solidly in the stomach and into the
dirt. Annie quickly raised Dee's head, which was immediately followed by
several gasps of life sustaining air. Dee's eyes fluttered in recognition of
her saintly rescuer.

	"What the fuck do you think your doing you no-tit, peeping-Tom, shit face"
Peggy hurled with venom. She quickly gained her feet and glared down at the
diminutive but defiant heroine.

	"Keeping your worthless asses out of jail, shit maggots for brains. Didn't
you see that she was almost a goner?" intoned Annie with seething
seriousness. "Christ sake, its one thing to give a first class masochist her
needs but you don't fucking off her just because she refuses to do perhaps
the only thing she is recalcitrant about. In another half minute you obtuse
hell-hags would have been forced to inter an integrally, inert and quiescence
presence. In effect, cunt craniums, a dog-dead Deanna. Think about it.
Pissing all over yourselves and vomiting in fright until one of you brave
bitches breaks down, likely as early as tomorrow, and coughs up the truth."

	Annie's eyes and furious words (most unknown to all but Sally) scorched the
lucid tissue in all the girl's gray recesses except Peggy's. A few began to
cry in trembling fear and hiccuping relief as to what occurred.

	"Get the fuck outta here Annie Bittman before I knock your dick in the
dirt," interjected Peggy, her large tits heaving. "That goes for the rest of
you. I'll take care of this and see you tomorrow." The other girls scattered
quickly, glad to be absolved of a close call. All would have a hand in the
continuing torment of Dee, but a lesson in attention and control had been
learned.

	"You too Annie, move your scrawny ass."

	"No way Peggy," Annie calmly noted. "That is enough. You have hurt her quite
adequately for today. Her ass is bloodied enough and your feet have made a
real mess of her nipples. She's done for today. I'm taking her home."

	Dee rose slowly to her feet, gaining her strength rapidly. Her real
endurance and remarkable recuperative powers were as-yet unknown to Annie.
Peggy knew.

	"I'll decide when she goes home bit-of-bitch," seethed Peggy with clenched
fists. "Last warning, bail."

	"Bite me, dog fucker", Annie hissed at her. It was a classic case of a brave
little dough soldier charging the hot warrior oven. Annie though brilliant,
capable and insightful was also young. Thus, her courage often exceeded her
best judgement in matters of personal conflict.

	"WHAPPP!" Annie immediately landed in the hard dirt after being cuffed hard
in the temple by Peggy's experienced fist. Though her ears rang, she was
conscious of her immediate surroundings.

	"THUNK!" Annie's glazed eyes blinked in response to the sight of Peggy
landing hard in the dirt besides her.

	Peggy was dazed but on her feet fast. "Godamn, but you will regret that
Deanna" she raged.

	"No Peggy," Dee stated with firm resolve. "Me you beat and torment, but
never those who do not deserve or wish it. Me you kick in the cunt, strangle
the tits and clit and call a cow bitch. And, even then, only so long as I
wish it. I decide if yes, not you. I invite it with sick relish. I will and
do plead that you invent the most vile and horrendous tortures to heap on me
but never if I turn away with a 'no.' But, not Annie. Never more. Annie saved
both our asses my beloved tormentor. She will not interfere with us again
unless I am in life threatening peril. I want you to let her be present
whenever she wishes. I want her to witness my pain and degradation. I need an
audience. Be as ruthless as you can but leave her alone forever. Please."

	"Fuck you Deanna Winston," Peggy snarled. "I just may never give you another
moment of my time ever. Mother-fucking cow-cunt, dick clit, hairy, monkey
toed, piss drinking freak." Peggy huffed off at a fast pace.

	Annie watched in slight awe at Dee's rapidly replenished strength and
masochistic resolve. Annie absorbed and learned. Her eyes became
scintillating beacons as the new knowledge married itself to millions of
freshly invigorated inductive and deductive keyed brain cells. Her inherited
genius enabled it to happen almost instantaneously. She stored it and
distilled what was immediately required. It's outcome was vocal at the
moment.

	She spoke with authority, assurance, wisdom and absolute resolve.

	"Deanna Winston, you will listen to me and do as told."

	Dee heard the authoritative but calming voice and responded immediately.

	"Listen carefully Deanna. Caress, honor and coat each word I ladle into your
lovely small ears with a gold-plating of known sincerity and loving trust. By
all common measure, you are indeed a freak. However, of greater importance,
you are a person with very special adornments and needs. You are also solidly
in possession of emotional, spiritual and physical strengths that you can and
will give back to yourself and the special person whom you dream of, but have
yet to meet. I am that person for now Deanna. I have watched you for quite a
while and can say without hesitation that your beauty exceeds my previous
imagination. I want and need to wallow and breathe in every excessive ounce,
pound, crook and cranny of your superbly erotic body: every hair, sweat
gland, every secreting hole. Go to Peggy when you must, but be my real and
special lover Deanna. We will indulge ourselves in ways that even you cannot
imagine. Learn with and about me lovely lady. I am a degenerate Deanna a
human cess pool, an oralist and analist. There is little that I will not do
with my mouth, ass, or any most any other part of my body. I do not fuck with
kids or family but I have and will jerk and suck Dad's prize stallions off
directly in my mouth and drink their piss whenever possible. I will suck the
ooze from between your lovely, long, sexy toes. You may hate the thought of
eating shit but you will shudder in newfound delight as I suck the shit right
out of your ass, gobble your snot and drink your piss every time you feel the
need. I will do it in school, under the bleachers, on the bus, in church, at
home. I'll be your protector, toilet, and tutor Deanna. I will also be your
tormentor. I am not as strong as Peggy, but my mind is an anvil to her
feathered arms. You will screech for me in ways she will never witness with
her own ears.

	Come to me Deanna. Crawl to me on your bruised tits and lick my feet while I
remove my clothes. Talk to me Dee. Talk and affirm your true love for me. You
need someone to torment you with compassion and cruelty. Correct?"

	"Ohhh, y.. y... yes An... Ann... Annie." Dee stuttered. "I do believe you.
I, I am so lonely. I do love the torment everyone heaps on me but I need
someone so much. I want to please someone who understands me and truly
cares." Dee began to stretch her very bruised nipples impossibly long in the
fist of each hand.




Deanna's Tao (Book Two)
Chapter 6
Proposal, Betrothal and Consummation in the Dirt

	Dee was weeping in the relief of long suffered sadness and real misery. This
newfound friend, lover and pain partner, caused her hope to spring eternal in
tandem with her rising clit, as she observed Annie's lovely bare feet now at
her disposal. They were tiny, size fours but contoured in heavy relief by a
plethora of prominent veins coursing about the thin, bony peds. She loved
that. Her breathing quickened as she noted the not so long but very naturally
curly toes. Even when in a relaxed state, they rose up and downward in a rare
three jointed sexy curl. The last tiny nail covered joint of each was almost
tucked completely under the main arch of the next to last joint. Her cunt
began to itch as she imagined the shapes, angles, configurations they would
take when responding in a variety of wiggling, splayed responses during sex
or other common day to day activities.

	Before Dee began her pussy gasping task, Annie tied her seven-inch pink,
hair ribbon tightly around the middle of Dee's' tongue. Dee looked and felt
silly wearing the modest tongue bond. Even with her tongue in her closed
mouth several inches of the bow stuck out. None-the-less, she resolved to
keep it attached as long as possible.

	"Wear it until you get home my big sexy bitch," Annie intoned in a slightly
befuddled voice. She was slightly nervous at having made the recent
uninhibited proposal and her total commitment to it. "It is part of our
special betrothal. Now, to complete our conjointment, stand and lift your
unbelievable areola to my lips". Annie's four foot, ten inch height only made
it to the top of Dee's monster tits, which happen to weigh almost half as
much as Annie's total 89 pounds. Since the huge tubs of meat fell to below
her navel, it was necessary for Dee to raise them with both arms to the level
of Annie's mouth.

	"Now Dee, what I am about to do will not be a love peck or even a nibble. I
am going to bite you so hard on the tit just above your areola, that blood
will flow and a rounded engagement scar will remain for a lifetime. I will
only let go when you scream in real need of relief." Dee shuddered in leaky
anticipation. Annie bit down hard. After half a minute and several ounces of
blood had flowed, Dee screamed and fell to her knees. she had never had her
tits been bitten so viciously... Annie sucked away the blood to reveal a
heavy two-inch round, deep cut just above the left areola.

	"Now, tit for tat sweetheart. My little nubs are but tats against your real
tits. Bend and put your mouth over the entire tit and bite hard at the base.
Go ahead, I want my ring also."

	Dee was afraid to harm the small mounds of flesh, each of which she was able
to completely cover with one hand. What was unique about Annie's little boobs
was the very elongated nipples that sprang from wide brown areolas that
covered almost 2/3's of each mound. Each nipple jutted out as long and thick
as an old fashioned baby bottle nipple. Dee engulfed the left breast
completely and bit down only with moderate intensity.

	"Harder" Annie, hissed between pain clenched teeth. Dee, bore down and
tasted blood. She panicked and almost let go at this first ever role
reversal. But she hung tight until Annie screamed "Aiiieeee, enough. Oh God -
sniff - I do love you so much Deanna Winston."

	"And I am yours to do as you wish forever, Annie Bitman." Dee proclaimed in
a raspy voice equally composed of erotic anticipation and mutual affection.
She slid to her knees to bond her saliva thickening mouth to Annie's luscious
feet.

	Just before she bent to her zestful task Annie dropped her short skirt,
revealing the tiniest waist Dee had ever seen on a nearly grown woman.

	"Oh heavens Annie, you are so tiny. Your waist couldn't be more that 19
inches"

	"It is seventeen Dee but you ought to see how huge it can swell when I fill
my gut with quarts of my own stale pee."

	Dee quickly blushed to a medium crimson. She had never even imagined such a
thing let alone hear it from a supposed nerd like Annie. But she was quickly
learning that things are not as simple as one would expect or worse, as one
wishes.

	As the dress hit the ground, Dee gasped and immediately placed her
voluptuous lips over Annie's totally hairless pussy. It was the complete
antithesis of her own excessively hirsute, corpulent arrangement of multiple,
thick greasy folds, convolutions and cavernous depths. In fact, Annie's pussy
was that of a prepubescent ten year old; tight, smooth and virginal in
appearance. No dangling inner lips, no hairy beard, or even a hint of
stubble, just a tightly bisected little mound of flesh rising out of the
bottom of her smooth, flat and firm belly.

	Dee could not resist inserting the tip of her tongue in the tightly cleaved
mound of flesh. Though it was her very first oral experience with any gender,
she was knowledgeable enough to be surprised at the feel of a resistant tube
of hot flesh, from the spot where the clit should be downward to the vagina.
A further probe downward resulted in an encounter with a small metal object.
Peeling the halves apart out of curiosity, she observed with a quick intake
of breath that the fleshy object was Annie's long narrow clit. But, it had
been pulled down and pinned in place at the very bottom of her vulva by a
gold stud, which also passed through both outer labia.

	"Say hello to my very special clit Dee," Annie mewed in a passionate voice.
"I have been pulling, mauling and stretching it since as long as I can
remember, same as my nipples. It is very elastic and responsive when I
unleash it but only about as thick as your little finger. I pierced myself
several years ago to keep it as close to my anus as possible. One day I hope
to stretch it enough to insert it in my ass. Of course, by then it will
probably be as thin as a worm, but hopefully just as super sensitive as now.
I can even insert it in my urethra and bladder now. But it has to be very
clean for that. Hurts like hell, but I love damming my piss until I am
ravenous for it. My nipples and most especially, my ass hole are my real
erotic zones Dee. I just am not very vaginally inclined. I leak real nice -
love that - but I am almost sex-nerve dead there."

	Dee blinked in slight astonishment as Annie released the stud. The slippery
morsel sprang out in a crooked finger display until it was fully elongated to
the length and thickness of Dee's longish little finger.

	Now standing on tiptoes with legs wide and bowed, in the doctor's
preparation room, Dee, via her ribald remembrances, was mad to maul her still
tightly bonded, unattainable clit. She stretched her outer lips as long as
possible as miserable mitigation. She easily recalled how she had nibbled,
sucked and even bitten the rubbery but stiff clit through several ear-drum
shattering orgasms from Annie. Despite her own very vocal cums, she had not
imagined that a woman could vocalize with such volume without eventually
passing out. Annie assured her that all was okay.

	"I always have to gag myself when I know I'll cum" Annie explained.
"Continue, you big-boobed bitch. Next, I have something real special that I
have dreamed about for so long."

	Dee continued her cunt-spastic, oral ministrations on the finger of erotic
nerve endings, many minutes. Then, a panting, but seemingly inexhaustible
Annie ordered her, forthwith to "fuck my ass with your freaky but wonderful
clit Deanna Winston. Make it as huge as you can and ram it up my ass. Do not
be gentle. I can take it. If you doubt it watch"

	Once again Dee shuddered and nearly shirked when she observed the ass that
the presumed prim and proper Annie presented to her on hands and knees.
Annie's 29 inch hips were so narrow that her ass cheeks disappeared when
arching her back and lowering herself on her flat little chest. What was not
diminished, was the swollen anus that protruded out of the slightly concave
surface. It was almost an amazing two inches across. Annie grunted slightly
opening the shit sleeve even wider. Dee gasped and began pulling on her ever
engorged clit as she observed a very inflamed, red, raw, lemon sized
hemorrhoid emerge from the spluttering orifice.

	She did let out an: "Oh my god" when a 10x2 inch, flexible dildo quickly
emerged, followed by three golf balls, and several dozen of her brothers
marbles. All lay on the ground between Annie's quivering legs in a shit
covered wet pile.

	"I love stuffing myself with all manner of things Deanna. I can hold my shit
for days and can now take in over three quarts of the most vile things
imaginable and drink it coming out. How's that for the 'Girl Most Likely To
succeed'. You'll see. Now fuck me hard, wench."

	Dee, not at all unlike a seventeen year old boy ready to plough into his
first slice of pussy, grabbed Annie at each hip. She became mindless as she
quickly stuffed the one of a kind, pulsating, fem-rod into the inflamed,
ever- widening, colon. Her clit was truly as huge and rigid as ever. It now
possessed a very, focused mind of its own. Her bruised tits evolved into
continuously reshaped bags of slapping, tossing flesh as she jammed the
swollen monster clit in to its wide hilt. Annie bellowed out an immediate
orgasm. Dee followed half a minute later. Her cunt cream sprinkled the dry
ground in arks as she humped in a simple, unsophisticated, instinctive
manner.

	Spittle, curses and screams filled the late evening air. After over a dozen
furious climaxes, Annie diluted Dee's vaginal spillage with dribbles of pee.
The consummation of seeming inexhaustible female love, need and endurance
continued for over half an hour. It ceased only after Dee's gyrating forty
pounds of slamming tits produced a cramp in her back. However, the slut's
vibrating clit remained rigid.

	"Oh Jesus, that was better than glorious," Annie gasped. "Now on your back
quickly. I want to get my whole face in that raw, dripping cunt and clean you
up." And indeed, Dee's cunt was so swollen and slippery, rubbery and
receptive that Annie soon had her entire face far up into the wide crease of
the drenched obscenity. Annie sucked and snorted with a frenzy, draining
every ounce of cunt mucus Dee could generate. Dee, tossing off three intense
orgasms in five minutes, was actually dry when Annie slathered Dee's right
hand and arm with a thin layer of spit and ordered her to shove her large
rather muscular arm up her ass.

	No longer quite as surprised as before, Dee complied. But she was shocked at
the ease that her five cupped fingers and hand entered. Annie, began to shake
like she was experiencing a small seizure. In a jerking, sometimes squeaky
voice she instructed Dee how to move her hands in the correct directions.
Dee's hand and half her fore-arm were now solidly entrenched. Annie then
instructed her to begin making short hard jabs gradually increasing the
depth.

	Groaning in a realization that she would hang on the brink of an orgasm
until her clit was released from the corset/bra, Dee gasped in frustration -
still next to the preparation room table - as she seethingly recalled the end
of her first encounter with her amazing lifelong friend.

	She had soon expanded Annie's ass hole a little over three inches in width
just a few inches short of her elbow. She was in awe that such a small
creature as Annie could absorb so much.

	Her stomach bulging, Annie gasped for her to continue. Dee progressed to an
amazing several inches past her elbow, being forced to then keep her arm
straight. Annie pleaded that she pull back to the wrist and ram to past the
elbow as hard and fast as possible. Dee though somewhat fearful, complied.
Her shit covered arm rammed back and forth rapidly, pulling Annie's colon out
several inches on the backstroke and almost splitting the thinned out
bloodless anus when her arm shot past her elbow. Her massive sacs alternated
with wet, loud smacks between her own torso and Annie's quivering legs. Each
stroke literally shoved Annie several inches across the ground. Annie
screamed out half a dozen cums, each time rising on straightened arms with
head thrown back in neck vibrating tension. She lathered the ground with more
piss.

	After over fifteen minutes of fisting the endless asshole, Dee's previously
abused and very sore back once again rebelled. She had to stop.

	Annie was whimpering in rapacious need and frustration as Dee's offal
covered fist emerged from the still very receptive hole. She often dreamed of
and was willing to endure several hours of the bestial but luxurious
experience. She quickly grabbed the arm in both small shaking hands and
slurped it clean to a real sheen.

	"Oh Dee, you were great. I want you to do it for hours next time. I can
almost get both my fist in but cannot go deep. Lord how nice it would be to
get both your arms up there. Before we get together next time, I want you to
hold your poop for at least several days. I am going to prop my back up
against a wall with my head and shoulders on the floor. You will squat above
my face and shit and piss in my mouth while arm fucking me. I'll fist you
with both my arms while you do. Jesus, you're so cavernous, I should be able
to tickle your tonsils, hee-hee. Then you will try mightily to get both your
hands in my ass. Fucking jeepers, I can hardly wait. Afterwards. I'll stretch
your cunt lips so far you will trip over them. Then, I'll pin them to your
wide spread legs and put bumble bees in your cunt hole. I have plans for your
needful tits and nipples also." She whispered them and a tongue lathering
into Dee's receptive ear.

	"Oh shit Annie, that will be the fucking death of me! It's impossible!"

	"Yeah, but are you willing my Amazon bitch?"

	Despite the fact that she had just pulled her arm out of this remarkable
girl's ass, Dee blushed at the proposition and with close-pressed, rubbing
thighs, groaned "Yes my tiny owner. Oh God, yes!" These were the suggestions
Dee recalled with embarrassment and apprehensive glee each night of her
recovery from the barn ordeal.

	Dee reluctantly dragged her mucus-induced memories back to the present. In
extreme horny desperation to get her hands on her throbbing, vagina-probing
clit, she frantically searched for the hex wrenches in her huge tote bag. Her
cunt flamed and sparked. The vividly archived smutty remembrances were
increasing in frequency weekly. Worse, they were in thematic concert with
more and more fantasies of horrendous torture and humiliation.

	Now whimpering with non-fulfillment, she dumped the entire contents on the
table to quickly find the key. It was an assortment of erotic aids, that
would have embarrassed the most jaded Times Square, porno dealer. There was a
novelty 24x4-inch heavy, rubber dildo, that weighed in at almost ten pounds.
Dee had added ten, one inch wide, leather bands to it, each with 10-15
blunted metal studs. She used it daily at home, in the office and
occasionally in public toilets and tucked away places in parks and alleys
keeping the crotch strap of the Bra/corset linked into only one front facing
receiver loop for easy access to her almost conatantly boiling cunt. Other
items in the bag included several deliciously designed parts to her
ped-pain-providers ("triple P's"-custom torture shoes). There was also half a
dozen, three-foot lengths of rope and wire, an assortment of various sized
pins and needles, a cigarette lighter to heat them with and several sizes of
sharp toothed alligator clips.

	Finding the wrenches, she by feel with shaky hands, began loosening the hex
nuts on the front of the harness. She figured she could jerk off very quickly
as soon as the strap dropped down.

	Just before dropping the tortuous six inch wide strap, she was suddenly and
rudely remanded for not being ready as directed. She had been so erotically
focused that she failed to hear the nurse enter the room.

	"For God's sake Miss Winston, must you be a complete pain in the ass. You
were instructed to be ready. That meant completely nude and in the gown. Look
at the mess you have made on the floor. You indeed have some problems lady,
only one of which is your sick hormones. The other is your choice of purse
contents. And the last is the temper of the doctors that will be attending to
you. They are already quite upset. This delay will likely prove a liability I
suspect. Now gather your asinine toys and go directly to the examination room
at the end of the hall. I'll take the specimen. Go!"

The END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Andante


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





