BDSM Library - Reality Sucks




Reality Sucks
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Melissa likes to fantasize about being turned into a sex slave and humiliated. But when her fantasy comes true, she finds it to be rather disappointing--or does she?
Reality Sucks

The contents of this story are of sexual nature and may involve blackmail,
bondage and non-consensual sex among a group of teenagers. Anyone who may be
offended by this kind of stuff please do not read. All characters are
fictitious. Any resemblance to anyone either alive or dead is purely
coincidental.

This story is intended for ADULTS only. If you are under legal age PLEASE DO NOT
READ.





Reality Sucks (mm/f, nc)

(c) 2000 by Roadrunner

"The young teacher was standing in the middle of the room, gagged, naked except
for her g-string and a pair of high heels. Her hands were cuffed together and
attached to hook from a chain hanging above her head, keeping her standing
straight, and her clothes were folded neatly in a corner of the room. What
attracted Ben's attention most was the gold rings on her erect nipples and the
word 'SLUT' written on her left breast in bright red lipstick..."

    Until now Melissa's summer vacation had been a complete disaster. When she
came to stay with her aunt and uncle last year, she became good friends with
Tania, their neighbor's daughter. They were both fourteen at that time and
together they had a great time. She didn't tell Tania that she's coming this
year, thinking that she would surprise her friend. But when she arrived, she was
devastated to learn that Tania had already gone away on vacation with her own
family. To make things worse, her aunt and uncle were always going out by
themselves, leaving her behind to "babysit", as Melissa called it, their two
sons. Melissa's cousins from hell were Josh and Todd. At fourteen and thirteen,
they were not much younger than her, but to Melissa they seemed so childish and
stupid, and whatever time she had to spend with them she spent it bickering with
them. They did try to pretend to be "mature", talking about the girls in their
school, but the way they did it only made Melissa laugh. She wasn't so amused
though, when she found them gawking at her from time to time.

    Things turned slightly better when Melissa's uncle decided to allow her to
use his computer to surf the net. Unlike her dad's, uncle Sean had got no
parental control on his browser, and Melissa spent most of the time reading porn
on the internet, first just out of curiosity, but soon, when she found that
there's actually a lot of material similar to some of her own sexual fantasies,
she just couldn't help herself. She was more than happy when uncle Sean told her
that he and her aunt would be away for the weekend. Friday night came, and as
soon as "the two little pricks" (as she now called them) had gone to bed, she
was in her uncle's study.

    Ever since she began masturbating, one of Melissa's favorite fantasies was
that she was a character in a Western film. Sometimes she was an innocent young
lady, but more usually she would be a prostitute who had stolen money, or a
barmaid who had done something wrong. She would be captured by a group of
strong, rough cowboys, and then stripped or forced to strip naked, with them
making lewd comments at her all the time. She got so excited every time she read
any story with similar scenes that she would go to bathroom to masturbate while
imagining herself being the poor protagonist of the story. The story that she
just found tonight wasn't really well-written (it seemed kinda silly actually),
but this one scene just turned her on. Unconsciously she began squeezing her
thighs together and grinding her ass against the chair. She scrolled down and
read on:

"Karen looked at Ben in shame and fear as he approached. 'Mine, mine,' he
murmured. 'Did you do this yourself?' Ben asked. Closing her eyes in shame,
Karen nodded as Mark had ordered her to. 'And this too?' Ben asked as he took
the ring on her left nipple and tucked it gently. Whimpering, Karen nodded. Ben
felt like his cock was going to burst out of his pants when he walked behind
Karen and saw the words 'USE ME' written across her ass."

    When she read this Melissa couldn't wait any longer. She got up immediately,
rushed back to her room, picked up one of her lipsticks, and almost ran into the
bathroom. She was in such as hurry that she didn't notice the tape placed over
the tongue of the lock, which prevented the door from locking. Nor was she
bothered that the door of the medicine cabinet was ajar.

    There was a large mirror in the bathroom. Standing in front of it, Melissa
closed her eyes and began taking off her clothes. She imagined that she was the
young teacher in the story, forced to undress by her blackmailers. Then she took
the lipstick and, with hands trembling with excitement, wrote the word "SLUT" on
her chest, just above her breasts. Her breath quickened when she saw her image
in the mirror, and she began caressing herself. She cupped one of her breasts
with one hand, squeezing it and tweaking her erect nipple. Her other hand
sneaked down to her pussy and she began rubbing herself furiously. Fearing that
she might wake up her cousins, she struggled to suppress her moans, and they
came out as quick gasps. Within seconds, she shuddered and came.

    "Mmmmm..." Melissa let out a long sigh of satisfaction as she sat down of
the edge of the bathtub. While she was still catching her breath, the door of
the bathroom swung open.

    "Gotcha!" Josh and Todd yelled. Melissa looked up in surprise and saw that
Josh had a digital camera in his hand, and as the dazed Melissa began to grasp
what was going on, Josh snapped several photos of her.

    "Stop that you little prick!" Melissa screamed. Laughing, the two brothers
ran off quickly. "Gimme that! Gimme that you little shit!" Melissa was so
embarrassed and furious as she ran out of the bathroom after them. "Come and get
it! Come and get it!" Josh chanted as he ran across the living room. When he ran
out of the house into the garden, the furious Melissa ran out too, butt-naked.
She chased Josh around the pool, and she was just a few feet behind him when she
realized that he was heading towards the glass sliding door leading back to the
house. "Oh no!" She cried out in horror as Josh ran back into the house,
slamming the glass door shut behind him. Immediately Melissa ran towards the
other side of the sliding door, but Todd was already there, laughing as he shut
and locked it.

    "You little scum!" Melissa screamed in anger as she banged on the glass,
"let me in!" The window facing the garden was open, but the gap was too small
for her to climb in. "That's right, bitch!" Josh said laughing, "shout louder!
Wake up the neighbors so that they can see you!" Melissa immediately shut up in
horror and crouched down. "Please!" she pleaded, almost whispering, "let me in!"

    "What?" Todd teased, "I can't hear you!" "Please!" Melissa pleaded. She was
dying with shame. Her face and even her neck was now blushing. "I'm, I'm sorry!
Please just let me in! I beg you! I'll, I'll be nice to you from now on, I
promise! I'll let you guys watch cable, or go out, whatever!"

    "Cable?" Todd said laughing, "who wants cable when we can have the real
thing!" Realizing what he meant, Melissa immediately covered her breasts with
her arms. "No!" She exclaimed, "that's not possible!" "No?" Josh asked as he
continued to photo her, "then you'll have to spend the night outside, cousin!"

    Todd went away and when he came back, he was holding a camcorder in his
hand. "We've hidden this in the bathroom too, and when you wait outside we'll
watch your little show on TV!" he said as the two turned to leave.

    "No, wait!" Melissa pleaded. She was almost in tears. "Alright, I'll, I'll
do want you want!" "Really?" the brothers asked together. "Y-yes, please! Just
let me in!" Melissa pleaded. "Fine, but you've got to write it down first," Josh
said, grinning. "Wh-what?" "Here, take these," Josh said as he slipped Melissa's
lipstick and a sheet of paper through the gap on the window. "Write us a letter
and say that you're our slut and you'll do anything we say."

    "What?" Melissa couldn't believe her ears. How can the two little pricks be
so wicked! But she was desperate to get back in the house, so biting her lip,
she wrote on the sheet on paper: "DEAR JOSH AND TODD I WANT TO BE YOUR SLUT I'LL
DO ANYTHING YOU SAY XXX MELISSA"

    "Good!" Josh said laughing. "Now hold it up!" "What?" "I said hold it up!"
"Oh God!" Melissa cried out in dismay as she reluctantly held up the sheet of
paper with both hands. "Higher! Yes, that's right!" Josh said as held up the
camera and snapped a few photos. Melissa then realized that with her hands
holding the paper, she could no longer cover her breasts, and she closed her
eyes in shame. "No!" Josh hushed. "Open your eyes and smile! That's right! Now
put the paper down! Cup your tits and hold them out! Get on your knees!"

    "Oh, God, oh, God," Melissa felt like crying again. Reluctantly, she
complied. Josh kept her in this humiliating position, and with the word "SLUT"
clearly visible above her breasts, she really felt like a slut offering herself.
And despite her shame and fear of being seen, she began to feel a wicked
excitement between her legs. Finally, Josh put the camera down, and without a
word, the two kids disappeared upstairs. Melissa felt both relieved and cheated
as she thought that this was a trick after all. But the two boys were back again
with the camera and the camcorder. "We've just hidden the disk and the tape in a
safe place," Josh explained. "But we've got a new tape too!" Todd said
cheerfully as he raised his camcorder. "And now we're ready to start again!
Remember, behave yourself! Or we'll show the tape to everyone we know, and post
your pictures on the internet!" He said as he slid open the door.

    Still blushing, Melissa ran inside the house, covering herself with her
hands. "No, wait!" Josh stopped her, "stay here, we want to look at you!"
"Please!" Melissa pleaded, "You've won, okay? Just let me get dressed! Please!"

    "No! You promised!" Todd yelled.

    "Why, why are you doing this to me?" Melissa protested. "Because you got us
grounded that's why!" Todd snapped. "What? I didn't!" "Yes you did! You should
have deleted the history after checking out those porn sites you silly cow!"
Josh joined in angrily. "Mum and dad thought it was us so we're not allowed to
touch the computer anymore! And when we said it was you, dad said we're lying
and grounded us as extra punishment!" "Yeah!" Todd said, "that's not fair!"
"I'm, I'm sorry!" Melissa said. "Look, let me tell uncle Sean it was me, okay? I
won't say a word about tonight!" "It's too late!" Josh said, "We have to punish
you for this! And if you don't do as we say, we'll show the pictures to
everyone! Everyone!"

    "Alright, alright!" Melissa said, still trying to crouched down. "No, don't
cover yourself!" Josh said as he tried to calm down. He had always thought that
his cousin was cute, but she just treated them like kids. Now he not only got to
see her naked, he could also feel her up too, and he would be fucking her soon!
His cock was already rock-hard, and he almost came just by thinking about it.
"Hey Melissa, get down on your knees! No, spread them wider! That's right! And
keep your hands on your hips!"

    After taking a few more photos of Melissa, Josh slowly reached out to touch
her breasts. His hand was trembling. It felt so surreal! He was touching a naked
girl for the first time! "Oh!" Melissa gasped when his hand touched the skin of
her left breast and she grabbed his hand with hers. "I said keep your hands on
your hips!" Josh snapped. Closing her eyes in shame, Melissa obliged. It was the
first time that a boy had seen her naked, but there's not only one boy, but two!
And one of them was touching her too! Josh took a deep breath and placed the
full weight of his hand on Melissa's breast. The feeling was incredible, her
skin was so soft and smooth, and he could feel her nipple hardening against his
palm. "Hey Todd, try it," he said. Todd held the camcorder with one hand and
placed the other on Melissa's right breast. "Wow! She's so soft and nice! Cool!
Hey her nipple is getting hard!" "Yeah, I know! Cool huh?"

    Melissa felt like dying as she listened to the two boys. But as they said,
her nipples were now rock-hard, and their hands on her breasts felt so warm.
Josh squeezed her breast gently, and she trembled. Together the two brothers
began fondling her breasts. While Todd was still taping, Josh put down the
camera and began playing with her breast with both hands. Melissa couldn't
suppress her moan when he took her left nipple between his finger and squeezed
it gently. "Oh!" She gasped. Encouraged by this result, Todd took the other
nipple between his fingers and began toying with it. Together the two brothers
played with her breasts like they were some kind of new toy, and Melissa's whole
body began to tremble with excitement. This is all wrong, Melissa thought to
herself. In her fantasy she was captured and played with by strong, handsome
men, not by two geeky little kids. This is all wrong, but it feels so good....

    "Aaaaaah!" Melissa moaned when Josh reached down between her legs and rubbed
her pussy. "Look, Todd! She's wet!" Josh exclaimed as he lift his hand so that
his brother could see that his fingers were glistening with Melissa's juices.
Melissa was embarrassed, but she was so hot now, and all she wanted was for Josh
to put his hand back, which he did. Melissa closed her eyes in pleasure and
began moaning lightly as Josh rubbed her pussy. He was doing it so clumsily that
she wanted to tell him how, which she tried very hard not to. But still, she
couldn't help grinding her hips to meet his hand. As the two brother went on,
Melissa began to grind her hips faster and faster until she finally came with a
loud moan, shuddering.

    Melissa collapsed on her hands and knees after her powerful orgasm. "No
wait," said Josh, "we ain't done yet!" "Please..." Melissa protested feebly as
the boys turned her over so that she was lying on her back. Oh God, this is it.
Melissa thought as she opened her eyes and saw Josh taking off his shorts. His
erect cock was about four inches long. Josh gave a sort of geeky laugh as he saw
her staring at his cock. There were both fear and anticipation in her eyes. He
grabbed Melissa's knees and pushed them gently, and Melissa spread them
obediently. Josh eagerly took his position between his cousin's legs. Taking
hold of his cock, he rubbed it eagerly against her wet slit, trying to gain an
entrance. Under him, Melissa, the taller of the two, squirmed impatiently until
he finally succeeded. "Ah!" She gasped as Josh began to pushed his way in. Her
whole body tightened when Josh came up to a certain obstacle, and she grabbed
Josh's shoulders with her trembling hands. Josh hesitated, and then he began to
increased his pressure, pushing harder and harder, until he pushed through.

    "Ah, ah, oh, God, oh," Melissa moaned as Josh continued, until his cock was
totally buried inside her. "Wow!" he said. "What? Josh, what?" Todd asked,
taping the whole process. "She's tight, man!" Josh exclaimed as he pulled back a
little and pushed in again. Struggling clumsily at first, he soon began to learn
how to work his hips back and forth. "Hey, I'm fucking her! I'm fucking a girl!"
Josh exclaimed. "F-f-fuck!" Melissa echoed dreamily as she was brougt close to
another orgasm. This is amazing, Josh thought as he felt Melissa buckling madly
beneath him. As he thought of this, he was overcome with excitement and began
shooting his cum inside Melissa.

    Josh continued thrusting until he felt he had nothing more to shoot. Then he
felt kind of exhausted and fell on top of Melissa. And Melissa, who still hadn't
come yet, could only moan in frustration. "Hey, Josh! Are you alright?" Todd
asked. "Yeah, man, I came!" Josh said, panting. "You came?" His kid brother
wasn't too impressed, "so fast? It's not like those porn films at all!"

    "What do you know!" Josh retorted, slightly embarrassed, "why don't you try
and see how long you can last!" He said as he pulled out of Melissa, who was
still panting with excitement.

    "No..." Melissa let out a moan of dismay as Todd climbed on top of her, but
her reluctance was soon overcome when Todd entered her and began pumping. Having
seen the performance of his brother, Todd was determined to "last longer". He
figured that if he moved slowly he might be able to do that, and he fucked
Melissa with long, slow strokes. "Hmm! Hmmm..." Melissa groaned impatiently as
she approached her orgasm. Finally she couldn't hold it any longer. Grabbing
Todd by his shoulders, she hugged him tightly and locked her legs around his
back, with her hips grinding to meet his thrusts. "Hey, man! She's wild! Oh,
wow! Wow!" Todd exclaimed as he joined his cousin in ecstasy and shot his cum
deep inside her.

    "Wow!" Todd exclaimed as he climbed off Melissa, "did you see that? I made
her come!" "So what?" Josh said, "I can do it too! Get up, Melissa!" Melissa was
still lying on the floor, her breasts heaving as she tried to catch her breath.
She whimpered as Josh grabbed her arm and pulled her up to her knees. "C'mon,
suck me!" Josh said as he pressed his semi-hard cock against her lips. "Yuk!
No!" Melissa turned her head away as its head touched her lips. Josh's cock was
wet with a mixture of his cum, her juices and her blood, and it was disgusting,
but Josh wouldn't let her go.

    "I said suck it! Slut! The photos and the tape, remember? Now we have even
more of them!"

    "You're disgusting, Josh!" Melissa said as she looked up at her cousin. "I
hate you!" "Yeah right," Josh wasn't deterred, "but you've got to blow me
first!" He grabbed her long, brown hair and pulled her head towards him. "Ouch!"
Melissa yelled, but as soon as she opened her mouth Josh pushed his cock in.
"Hmmm!" Melissa let out a muffled cry as she tried to push him off. She hated
the taste of his cock in her mouth. "Suck it!" Josh yelled, "and don't bite or
you'll regret it!" Melissa almost found it funny that he was scared about she
biting him, but she dared not bite down on him either. His grip on her hair
really hurt, and her eyes were now swelling with tears. Ignoring her reluctance,
Josh began to guide her head back and forth by pulling her hair, until Melissa
finally gave in. She stopped struggling and began to move her head as Josh
guided her. Instead of trying to push him off, her hands now held on to Josh's
hips to relieve the strain put on her hair.

    "Man, I bet she's enjoying it!" Josh said grinning. "Nmmmm!" Melissa mumbled
in protest, which only made the two boys laugh. Josh originally wanted her to
get him hard so that he could fuck her again, but now it felt so nice that he
didn't want her to stop, and soon he couldn't feel his balls swelling. "Man I'm
coming again!" he yelled as he began shooting his cum in her mouth. Although she
was warned by his words, Melissa didn't quite know what to do. She didn't want
to swallow his cum, but with his firm grip on her hair, all she could do was to
open her mouth, and soon his cum was dripping down her chin to her neck.

    "Man, that's gross!" Todd said giggling. "Did you get all that?" Josh asked.
"Yeah! That was incredible!"

    "Todd you wanna try it?" Josh asked as he pulled out. Melissa was coughing
as some of his cum had got into her windpipe. "Oh, no, not again, please!" She
pleaded feebly, but that wasn't really Todd's concern. "You bet!" he said, "but,
but her face is all sticky!" "Yeah, you right, she's disgusting!" Josh answered,
laughing. "Okay, Melissa, clean yourself up!" "Can, can I go to the bathroom and
wash, wash my face?" she asked timidly. "Sure-no wait," Josh said as he
remembered the porn films that he had watched. "You can clean yourself with your
hands." "Wh-what?" Melissa asked, stunned. "You heard me! Use you hand! Wipe the
stuff off your face and then lick them off your hand!" "No, please! I've already
let you guys fuck me! Please don't do this to me, Josh! Please!" Melissa
protested, which was of course useless. "Shut up and do it!" Josh said as he
grabbed her hair again. Defeated, Melissa reluctantly began wiping the cum off
her chin and her neck. "Yes, that's right!" Josh urged as he and his brother
watched, their eyes almost popping out. "That's still some more on your neck,
yes, that's right," he said in an excited tone, "now lick your fingers clean! I
said lick 'em!"

   Melissa closed her eyes in shame as she licked Josh's cum off her fingers.
When she was done, Todd presented her with his cock. "Now it's mine turn, " he
said, "and I want you to swallow my goo this time!" Knowing that it was useless
to argue with him, Melissa resigned to her fate and took him into her mouth. And
with her eyes lowered, she began sucking.

    It didn't take long for Todd, and Melissa fought back the urge to throw up
as she swallowed his cum. She managed to swallow most of it, but a small amount
still flooded out of her mouth. "Look at her!" Josh said, "what a messy slut!
C'mon, let's get her cleaned up!"

    Grabbing her arms, the two brothers led her to the bathroom. Josh ran a hot
bath and told her to get in. Melissa was quiet all the time. She was so
embarrassed at what had happened that she just couldn't confront the two little
devils anymore. She just quietly did what she was told to do. As she began to
soap herself, Josh had an idea. "Wait, Melissa," he said as he took the soap
from her hand, "let me help you," he said grinning. Although they had already
fucked her, Melissa still couldn't help blushing as Josh and Todd soaped their
hands and began rubbing all over her body. She felt so defenceless and
vulnerable as they explored every inch of her body, but at the same time she
couldn't help feeling aroused.

    Finally the bath was over, and the two brothers helped her out of the bath.
"So Melissa," Josh asked as they dried her with a towel, "why did you write the
word 'slut' on your boobs when you jerk off?" "I...I..." Melissa was stunned
with embarrassment. "C'mon, tell us! You have to do everything we say!" Todd
added.

    "It...it t...turns me on..." Melissa finally answered, almost whispering.
"It turns you on?" the two brothers asked in unison. "Y...yes," Melissa answered
meekly, with her head lowered and her face bright red. "You mean writing dirty
words on your body gets you off?" Todd asked innocently. "No!" Melissa sighed.
"Then what is it?" "I...I learnt that from th-the stories I read on the
in-internet," After a long hesitation, Melissa finally said. "I like stories of
g-girls getting hu-humiliated. They...turn me on. I pre--pretended that I was in
one of those stories." Her face and neck were blushing bright-red, both because
of the hot bath and her embarrassment.

    "Really? You're sick!" Todd yelled, and Melissa was both ashamed and pissed
off. "No I'm not!" She protested angrily. "No she's not! She's kinky!" Josh
said, feeling smug that he knew the word. "Kinky? Then you want us to humiliate
you some more?" Todd asked. "Hell no! Please!" Melissa pleaded. "You guys had
enough fun! And I don't like it at all!" "No? But you said it turned you on!
Look!" Josh said as he reached out to feel her pussy. Melissa flinched, but he
was faster than her. "Your pussy is so hot! And you're wet again!" Josh
exclaimed. "Liar!" he scolded. Then, remembering the word that she wrote on her
chest, he added, "slut!"

    "No! I'm not a slut!" Melissa protested, but as Josh continued to rub her
pussy, she couldn't help getting more and more excited, and she began to squirm
uneasily. "Man she's hot!" Todd yelled, "let's fuck her again!" "No!" Melissa
protested feebly. "Yeah!" Josh said, ignoring her. "Wait, let's go to dad's
room. Melissa, you show us the stories that you were reading, and we'll act them
out!" "Cool!" Todd echoed. "No way! No-Oh, oh," Melissa cried out in horror, but
her protest was cut short by Josh, who found her clit and began tickling it. Her
knees buckled and she fell down onto her hands and knees, trembling. "No? Then
we'll just post your photos on the internet! Or maybe we can email them to your
school too!" "No, please! Alright, alright, I'll do it!" Melissa said, panting,
defeated. She knew her ordeal was only beginning. She felt just like the heroine
in those blackmail stories, but it's so terrible to be ordered around by those
two little nerds. It's all the internet's fault, she thought bitterly as she
struggled to get up.


The end?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Road Runner


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





