BDSM Library - Jim: The Story of a Boy's Coming of Age




Jim: The Story of a Boy's Coming of Age
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Under the guidance of his uncle, a young boy goes through a very special rite of passage, that is, by acquiring two sex slaves.
Jim: The Story of a Boy's Coming of Age

The contents of this story is of sexual nature and may involve blackmail,
bondage and non-consensual sex. Anyone who may be offended by these stuff please
do not read. All characters are fictitious. Any resemblance to anyone either
alive or dead is purely coincidental. This story is intended for ADULTS only. If
you are under legal age PLEASE DO NOT READ.

(c) 1998 Roadrunner





Jim: The Story of a Boy's Coming of Age

I.

    I grew up pretty much alone. My parents died when I was seven, and I have
been sort of kicked around by my relatives for almost eight years. When mum and
dad died in that car crash, their company was in deep trouble. Some even said
they were broke. So although the word "suicide" was never mentioned, it was
always hinted at when my relatives talked about them, and there I was, the
remaining son of the loser in the family. You can well imagine how I was treated
by my uncles and aunts--that is, until uncle Alan came along.

    Back then (that was about six months ago), I was just about to be expelled
from a snobbish high school that my aunt got me into. "Alan just came back and
he said he wanted to take care of Jim," my aunt said to my uncle over the dinner
table. "Jim, why don't you go to stay with your uncle Alan, he just moved back
to California. I'm sure you'll like it there." By that time I'd already got used
to these things and thought I couldn't care less. So shortly afterwards I was
flown to California to be with my uncle Alan, another rarely-mentioned name in
the family. And indeed he was different--eccentric probably, by the standards of
my other uncles and aunts. Quiet, low-profiled, he was not at all like them, and
we managed to get on quite well. Although he was always kind of serious, there's
some spirit of rebellion, some kind of cynicism in him (from what I could see
with my fifteen-year old eyes) that I really liked. To start with, he didn't
make me go to those high schools where the parking lot is packed with BMW's. He
arranged for me to attend the high school that the two daughters of his
secretary attended, just in case I had problems adapting to the new environment.
And boy did I have problems. My social skills (or lack of it) did cause me a lot
of embarrassment at the beginning. But I was determined to give it a shot and
decided that I would not seek help from Kate and Jenny, the daughters of my
uncle's secretary.

    This is a decision that I soon regretted when I first met the two of them:
Kate, a senior, was a real knockout: a tall (about 5'8", I was 5'6"), slim
blonde with bright blue eyes, she was quite popular in the school. Jenny was a
petite (about 5'3") fifteen-year old brunette. She was not as stunning as Kate
was, but I found her kind of cute. Although she was quite shy, she was actually
much nicer to me than Kate, who seemed to think that I was some kind of nerd
(well, I guess I was) and who was probably unfriendly to me because I was the
nephew of her mum's boss. "Yeah, right, my mum has told me about you," she said
curtly when I introduced myself. "So what do you want? Huh? Want me to show you
around the campus? My mum works for your uncle, I don't. Now could you excuse
me...."

    "Sorry," Jenny came over and apologized to a dumbfounded me. "Kate just had
a big fight with mum last night. I guess she doesn't want to hear anything about
mum right now." So me and Jenny ended up having a nice conversation and agreed
to meet again next Monday after school. When she first came over and started
talking to me, I couldn't help noticing a faint blush on the fair skin of her
face. Cute, I thought.

    That night the subject of the Simpson sisters was brought up over dinner
table. I of course didn't tell uncle Alan how I was treated by Kate. I only said
I met Miss Simpson's daughter today and that they were quite nice. Uncle Alan,
on his part, seemed to be more curious than he usually was. He kept asking me
about the details, how I met them, how did they look like, did I like them,
etc.. I was a bit embarrassed by that, especially when I thought of the
athletic, slim body of Kate and her angelic face. "By the way," uncle Alan said,
"you haven't really met Sarah--I mean Miss Simpson--have you? You only spoke to
her a couple of times when you first came. Why don't you come to my office
tomorrow morning and meet Sarah 'cos I'll be out of town tomorrow afternoon and
won't be back in three weeks. Just in case you need anything when I'm away. I
have to take care of some business first, so why don't you come at around
eleven. You can come right up to my office."

    At this point I was quite curious to meet the mother of the Simpson sisters.
I went to uncle Alan's office shortly before eleven. Uncle Alan, being the
eccentric businessman, had the entire top floor of the building to himself and
had the rest of the staff on the three floors below, so the entire top floor of
the building was just his office, Miss Simpson's desk, and several meeting
rooms. From what I knew, Miss Simpson was in her mid-thirties, divorced, and had
been working for my uncle for almost two years. She sounded friendly enough on
the phone, and judging from her daughters she must be a beauty herself--I sort
of hoped.

    The entire floor was empty when I arrived. Although I was early,  I would
expect Miss Simpson to be there at least, and uncle Alan was generally a
punctual man. Just when I was wondering whether I should go downstairs to check
with the receptionist, I thought I heard some noise. It was from a room at the
end of the corridor. I walked over and found the door slightly open. I was just
about to knock on the door when I saw through the gap what was inside. My uncle
was standing in front of a desk, with his fly open and a leash in his hand. The
leash was attached to a black leather collar worn on the neck of a woman
kneeling in front of him. She was totally naked except for a pair of cupless
leather bra. Her face was partly covered by her blond hair, but from what I
could see she was possibly in her mid-thirties and looked rather attractive. She
was sucking on my uncle's cock and cupping his balls with one hand, while her
other hand was busy rubbing her pussy which, much to my amazement, was
clean-shaven. They didn't seem to notice me, as my uncle was standing with his
back to me and the woman was sucking him with her eyes closed. Tiny whimpers
came from her mouth from time to time. I also noticed a video camera in a corner
of the room. But what struck me, most of all, was the red strips on her body,
covering her arms, her breasts and her thighs. Whip marks! I could feel my cock
getting harder and harder.

    To say that I was shocked was an understatement! I kept on watching,
mesmerized, for a few minutes. Then uncle Alan seemed to be turning to my
direction, so I backed off to the front part of the room, not knowing what to
do. Finally, I took a chair and sit down next to an empty desk, picked a
newspaper from another desk and pretended to be reading. Faintly, I could hear
muffled moans coming from that room, and my cock was threatening to burst out of
my jeans.

    After a few minutes, all the noise came to a halt.  I tried to look as
normal as possible when uncle Alan came out of the room to greet me. "Jim!" He
said, smiling and patting me on the shoulder. He acted like nothing had
happened, as if he just came out of a meeting. "Com'on in and meet Sarah."  I
followed him into the room, not knowing what I would see. So my uncle is going
to present his secretary to me, totally naked? It's beginning to sound like one
of my wet dreams. Instead, I was greeted by the same blond, only totally
dressed, in a dark-blue business suit and white blouse.

    "Hi, Jim, I'm Sarah. Nice to meet you." Nice voice and friendly smile. And
indeed she was pretty. She had the same thin nose and full lips that Kate had.
Uncle Alan told her that I had just met Kate and Jenny and we started talking
about my school. As we talked, I couldn't help staring at her face and body,
trying to find any trace of the incredible scene that I had witnessed. She
noticed my stare and seemed a bit embarrassed by that but was still very
friendly.

    "So," uncle Alan cut in, "when I'm away, I hope you can keep an eye on Jim
for me, and see if there's anything he needs. Listen, Jim, I'm really sorry that
I have to go away so soon after you came. I was hoping that we could spend more
time together."

    "Oh, it's okay, uncle Alan. I can take care of myself."

    "Good, that's what I like to hear," uncle Alan chuckled, "But if you need
anything, just tell Sarah, okay? She'll get you anything you want, right,
Sarah?"

    "Y-yes, of course, Mr Smithee."

    "Well then, I'd better get going. Sarah could you tell George to have the
car ready?"  "Yes, Mr Smithee."

    I looked at Sarah as she went back to her desk to make the call. "You like
her, Jim?"  "Y-yeah, I mean, I think she's nice." I could feel myself blushing
as I thought of Sarah, totally naked, sucking my uncle's cock.  "Good, I hope
you two can get along. And by the way," uncle Alan handed me a bunch of keys.
"These are the keys to this office. You can come up here any time you want. I
noticed that you're really into computer and those kind of stuff. We just bought
a couple of new ones, and you can play with them for a couple of days before we
start using them."  "Wow, that's great! Thanks, uncle Alan!"  "Good. Remember,
if you need anything, just tell Sarah. She'll do anything you want. Now I've got
to go. So see you in a month's time. Sarah, could you give me a hand with these
file cases?"

    I stood there pondering upon the meaning of uncle Alan's ambiguous words.
Not only did he say that Sarah would get me anything I wanted, he actually said
that she would DO anything I wanted. My cock immediately hardened at the thought
of this. Maybe there's a way of finding out what uncle Alan really meant. I
checked the keys he gave me. Four of them were obviously door keys, but there're
two smaller one which looked like drawer or file cabinet keys. I tried them on
the drawers of uncle Alan's desk and found that one of them could open the
bottom drawer. Bingo! Now I could almost guess what was inside. Just as I
thought, there was a videotape in the drawer, and some photographs. I could only
see the first one when I heard the main door open. It was Sarah, totally naked,
fondling herself. Her left hand was squeezing her left breast, and her right
hand was between her wide-spread legs. I quickly put all these into my backpack
and closed the drawer. I didn't quite know what to do and wasn't ready to
confront her yet.

    "Hi Jim," I just zipped up my backpack when Sarah came in. "Hi Sarah," "I
was wondering if you would like to have dinner with us tonight. I'm sure Kate
and Jenny would be glad to see you again." "Oh, that's very nice, Sarah. But
I've already got some other plans tonight. But thanks anyway. Maybe some other
time."

    "Sure, whenever you want to." There was absolutely nothing unnatural in the
way she talked. I still couldn't believe that twenty minutes ago this
elegant-looking woman was sucking someone on her knees, and on a leash. "Oh, and
Mr Smithee told me that..." my heart almost jumped out of my throat at these
words, but then she continued, "...you will come here to try out the new
desktops from time to time and he's given you the keys. So you can come whenever
you like. Only me and him work on this floor, so it won't be a problem at all."
From the way she talked, I didn't think she was aware of uncle Alan's other
intentions. However, what she said about Kate and Jenny did give me an idea of
how I should make use of the tape and the photos.





Jim: The Story of a Boy's Coming of Age
II.

    I went home as quickly as possible with the videotape and the photos. The
tape turned out to not to be of the scene I witnessed that morning, but it
surely turned me on as much. It showed Sarah undressing and fondling herself,
fucking herself with two fingers. Then, saying that she was a slut, she begged
to be punished. ("Please punish this slut as she deserves", referring herself
not as "me" but as "this slut". I liked that) And her request was certainly
granted. She was then made to bend over a desk and whipped until her round
buttocks were all covered with red welts, and then she was fucked from behind.
Although the face of the man who whipped and fucked her couldn't be seen, I was
pretty sure that it was my uncle. He barely spoke in the tape, with Sarah doing
most of the talking ("Please, fuck me harder! Use me like the slut that I am!")
I jerked off while watching it. Soon I would be doing more than this with my
cock, I thought to myself.

    I waited for Kate the following Monday after school. She smiled reluctantly
when she saw me. "Hi," she said.

    "Hi," I answered while staring shamelessly at her body.

    "Look, I'm sorry about last Friday. I guess I was kinda rude."

    "Oh, that's alright." Too late for apology now.

    "You waiting for someone?"

    "I'm waiting for you, actually."

    "Me?"

    "Yeah,"

    "What for?"

    "Come with me and I'll show you."

    "Now wait..." she stopped when I showed her the photo of Sarah quickly. 
"You want to come with me? Or do you me to show this to everyone around and tell
them who that is?"  Kate's expression was a mixture of fear and rage when she
followed me to an empty classroom which had a TV and a VCR. "What's this all
about? What have you done to my mum?" She asked, her voice a bit shaky.

    "Well, you can see for yourself." I took out the videotape, put it in the
VCR and started playing. Kate let out a gasp of horror when she saw her mum on
the screen. She just kept staring at the screen in disbelief as her mum fingered
herself, calling herself a slut, and begged to be punished. Finally, she turned
to me. There were tears in her eyes.

    "What have you done to my mum? Why did you make her do such a terrible
thing?"

    "I didn't do anything. I just found this tape. And for all I know, your mum
did it willingly."

    "So it was your uncle?"

    "Yeah. But as you can see, your mum seemed to be enjoying it herself..."

    "You liar!" Kate shouted, and then she started crying."

    "Stop shouting!" I said sternly, "unless you want someone to come in and see
this tape."

    That sort of reminded her. "Oh, no! Put that tape away, please. Give it to
me."  "No."

    "So why did you do all this? What do you want? Let me have that tape!"

    "No. You won't have that tape. And besides there are many more anyway."

    "Oh, god, what do you want? You have made me watch my mum doing that kind of
stuff, isn't that enough?"

    "No. I want you to do the same."

    "What?" Kate asked in shock.

    "You heard me. I want you to be my slut, my slave. You will do everything I
say or I'll distribute copies of this tape in the school, and I'll make your mum
my slave." I rehearsed those words thousands of times before, but still I could
hardly believe that I actually said them!  Now the die is cast. Unlike what I
expected, Kate didn't yell at me or call me names. She just sat down on a chair
and covered her face with her hands. I thought about offering her some comfort
(as if I could), but then thought I had to act tough.  "Well, should I start
make copies of the tape then?"

    "Alright, you bastard!" She said, and then she started to cry. "I hate you,
Jim..." She said, sobbing, "I hate you, mum..."

    "Now that's enough. Get up and stop crying." My cock was already getting
hard when she agreed. "C'mon, get up!"  She got up and stood facing me, wiping
the tears off her check. She looked adorable. She was taller than me and looked
down at me with anger in her eyes.

    "Take off your clothes." I said, my own voice trembling.  "You..." "Shut up
and do it!" I stopped her before she could come up with more inventive ways of
calling me. The tape was still playing and we could hear Sarah's moaning in this
silence. Finally, biting her lip, Kate started unbuttoning her shirt. She undid
all the buttons, stopped, took a quick glance at me, then with a deep breath
took her shirt off, showing me her full, firm breasts covered by a white, sporty
bra. Next, she kicked off her sneakers and slowly pulled off her jeans and stood
there, naked except for her socks, bra and panties. She looked at me pleadingly,
her face blushing. "You can keep the socks but off with the rest." I said. 
"You..." she stopped, knowing better than to annoy me, and quickly unhooked her
bra, and her breasts sprang free. What a sight! I could hardly control my
excitement. "Now the panties" She took off her panties and stood there,
completely naked except for a pair of white socks. My god, I thought as I stared
at the blonde hair of her pussy, what a body. Large, firm breasts, long and
athletic legs, Kate was the girl of my dreams, and now she stood naked in front
of me.

    "So is this what you want?" I looked up and saw the defiance in her eyes.
Sexually I'm sure that she's more experience than I am (well for that matter I'm
a virgin), but now I am the one who's in charge,  and she'd better remember
that. "Turn around and bend over that desk." I said.  She complied with the same
defiance, and didn't even look at me as I approached and stood right behind her.
She only let out a gasp when I placed my hand on her buttock. I felt the smooth
white skin of her ass and started gently rubbing it. "Just get it over with
you...Ouch!" She let out a cry of surprise when, instead of rubbing her I raised
and brought my hand heavily down on her left butt. Her whole body jumped at the
blow. Using the other hand to held down, I spanked her right butt. I kept
spanking and soon the skin of her ass was red.  "Ouch, ouch, no! Please! Stop!
Please!" Kate started sobbing. "Oh, please, stop! I'm sorry! Please stop!"
Finally I stopped when even my hand was sore. I stood there and admired my work:
Kate, the best-looking girl I've ever met, now bent over a desk with her ass red
from my spanking. Her body was shaking gently with her sobs, and she flinched as
she felt my hand touched the skin of her ass again.

    "Don't move," I said as I put another hand on her back. My hand wandered all
over her perfectly round ass, and soon I could feel her trembling to my touch. I
slid my hand lower and felt between her legs. Her entire body stiffened as my
fingers touched her lips. "You're wet!" I said teasingly. "Do you want to be
fucked?"  "What?" She turned around and asked in surprise. "Beg me to fuck you."

    "Wh-what? No way!"

    I stopped rubbing her pussy and spanked her once. "Ouch! That really hurts!
Please, please don't spank me again, please, ouch!" She cried out loudly when I
spanked her again, and now I was a bit worried that someone might hear. "Please,
stop!" She pleaded. "Alright, I'll beg, I'll beg..."  "Go ahead then." I said as
I unzipped my fly and pulled out my raging hard-on.  "Please..." "Please what?"
"Please...f-fuck me."  "Again."  "Please...fuck me...oh!" She let out a cry as I
entered her eagerly in one thrust. I held still, savoring the sensation. Then I
reached out to grab her breasts. Her nipples were rock-hard, and she let out a
moan as I gently pinched them. I started pumping her, and soon Kate began
panting. I increased my tempo and she let out a suppressed moan. At that I
couldn't help back any longer and started shooting loads and loads of come into
her, and she kept moaning, louder and louder. I kept pumping until I felt the
last drop of cum was drained from me. Together we collapsed on the desk, and I
held her tight for a while. Whew, that was quick. Then I pulled out and stood
up, zipping up my jeans. Kate was still gasping.

    "So...did you come?" I asked hesitantly. "Al-almost..." Kate answered in a
dreamy voice, her eyes still closed. "Now, that's not good enough," I said, a
bit disappointed. "Turn around, now, on your back." Kate opened her eyes and
looked at me. "Wh..." "Do it!"

    Giving up, she complied and lay facing me on the desk.  "Well, to show that
I'm really not a selfish person, I would like you to come too, so I want you to
play with yourself until you come."  "No really it's okay-" "Do it, slut!" I
said, emphasizing my words with a spank on her thigh. "Or do I have to persuade
you every time?" "Oh, no, no!" She pleaded, then she closed her eyes, her face
blushing in shame. "oh, god, oh god," she said. Slowly her hand reached down
between her legs and started rubbing her pussy, while the other hand reached up
and cupped one breast. "Spread your legs wider."  She obeyed, spreading her legs
wider and rubbing her pussy with complete abandonment, faster and faster. I
could see that her pussy lips were glistening with her juices and my come.
Should have brought a camera, I thought. She was breathing now in small gasps,
quicker and quicker until her entire body shuddered. Then she stopped and just
lay there on the desk, with her legs spread wide, panting.

    "Please," after a while, she looked up and said to me. "Can I go now?" I
nodded. She quickly climbed off the desk and put on her clothes. As she pulled
on her jeans, I could see that her thighs were wet with my come and her juices,
but she didn't stop to wipe them clean. "I'll be in touch," I said as she
finished getting dressed. She looked at me briefly, then lowered her head, and
rushed out of the classroom without a word.





Jim: The Story of a Boy's Coming of Age
III.

    After what happened between me and Kate, I wasn't quite sure if Jenny would
still meet me as she promised. Actually, I wasn't sure if Kate would really not
tell her mum or anyone. To be honest, I couldn't really concentrate on my class
during the day, and kept imagining that some cops would come in and pick me up
for blackmailing, rape or whatever. (Don't laugh, alright? I'm fifteen and this
is the first time I've ever blackmailed someone, okay?)  Eventually school ended
and I was kinda relieved that nothing like that had happened, and I was thrilled
to see Jenny waiting for me outside the main gate. She herself didn't seem so
happy though.

    "Hi," I said. "Hi," she answered, looking at me a bit timidly. "What is it,
Jenny? Something wrong?" I tried to act as normally as I could. "Tell me, Jim.
What happened between you and Kate?"

    "Wh-what do you mean?"

    "She came home yesterday and went straight into her room and wouldn't come
out. When mum told her to come out for dinner she went all mad and yelled at
mum. And then this morning, when she heard me telling mum that I was going to
meet you, she went mad again and told me never to see you again. There's
something between you two right?"

    "Yes," I said, "and if you want to find out what it's all about, you'd
better come to my place with me." "Your place? Er...sure. But wait, just let me
tell my friends first. They're going to see a movie tonight and I was hoping
that we could join them."

    "Nope. It's got to be just you and me."

    "Okay, okay, I'll tell them not to wait."

    I didn't want to wait with Jenny for her friends, so I gave her my address
and told her to meet me there. Thinking that Jenny had actually made some plans
for us, I felt kinda moved and a bit sorry of what I was going to do. But then I
wanted her. My cock hardened immediately when I thought of what I did with Kate
the previous day.

    Jenny showed up at my place about twenty minutes later. I showed her into
the living room and offered her a can of coke. As she sat down I looked at her
and thought she was really pretty. Not the absolutely gorgeous kind like Kate
was, but pretty nonetheless. She was really cute in her T-shirt, denim skirt and
sneakers. I was trying to figure out what to say to her, and she was a bit
embarrassed by my silence. "So...what's it all about with you and Kate?" she
asked. "Well, actually it all began with your mum." "My mum?" "Yes. I found out
something about your mum, and in exchange for me not telling other people about
it, Kate has agreed to do whatever I say--that is,  she has agreed to be my
slave."

    "What?" Jenny said with wide-open eyes. "You're kidding right?" "No." "No?
You mean you're blackmailing Kate with something you know about mum?" Jenny
asked, she voice trembling lightly. "That's right."

    "Wh-what have you found out about mum? Did she like break the law or
something?"

    "Well, you can see for yourself."  With these words I switched on the TV and
the VCR and started playing Sarah's tape. "Oh my God" was Jenny's first response
when she saw her mum fingering herself on the screen. I waited as she watched
for about fifteen minutes, and she never took her eyes of the screen once, just
kept whispering "oh God" from time to time. I paused the tape and she turned to
me and asked, "why did you do this?" She was blushing and it made me want her
even more.

    "Do what? Your mum did that willingly, and I just made some use of the tape
that she willingly made."

    "Why?" She asked again. This time there were tears in her eyes. "Why? I
thought you're a nice guy!"

    Slightly hurt, I tried to act stern. "I don't care what you think, " I said.
"Just do whatever I say and your mum's secret will be save. Remember, your mum
willingly offered herself to be the sex slave of my uncle. Did you see how she
came?"

    "Shut up!" Jenny cried out. "I can't do that! I just can't!"

    "Fine, then what Kate did will be useless."  "Why are you doing this to us?
Do you hate us?"

    "No, I don't hate you. In fact I quite like you, and I want to have you
both."

    "You quite like me?" For one moment I thought she sounded happy,  but then
she gave me that frightened look again.

    "Okay..." Said Jenny. I could barely hear her voice. "I'll do what you
want."  I did it again! Trying my best to suppress my grin, I let Jenny into my
room. I undressed her and laid her down on the bed. She was blushing most
adorably when I admire her lovely body. She was slight plump, her breasts topped
by two tiny pink nipples, and her pussy barely covered by a thin layer of hair.
She closed her eyes in shame when she noticed me staring. I climbed on top of
her and started caressing her breasts gently. I was determined to take my time
this time. She moaned as I gently squeezed her breasts, and her nipples hardened
immediately. "Jenny," I asked, "have you slept with anyone before?" "Wh-what?"
"Are you a virgin?" "Oh...y-yes..." she answered timidly. "And did you ever play
with yourself?" Getting no answer from her, I repeated my question, emphasizing
it with a pinch on her nipples. Her entire body stiffened. "Oh!" she gasped,
"Ooh, yes, yes." She moaned loudly as I pressed my hand on her pussy, which by
now was really wet. I spread her legs and began rubbing her pussy. Her entire
body was trembling with excitement by now, so I positioned myself at the entire
to her virgin hole. Jenny whimpered as my cock spread and slid through her pussy
lips. She was breathing faster and faster. I pushed forward and felt the tight
grip of her pussy on my cock. My cock was almost ready to explode. I pushed
until I felt her cherry against the head of my cock. Then I slowly eased back,
and then forth, until I felt my cock has jammed into her hymen, then I pressed a
little harder, and her cherry was torn open. Jenny cried out, and then went
still, shaking and panting. She began moaning soon after I started pumping her,
and it really turned me on. I pumped faster and faster, and then she cried out,
held me tight and wrapped her legs around my back. "Oh, God," she moaned, "Oh,
I'm coming, oh, oh, oh," With that I couldn't hold back anymore. I thrust into
her desperately as I started shooting come into her.

    I held her tight until her moans subsided. After I had pulled out, Jenny
just lay there on my bed with her eyes closed and her legs wide spread,
exhausted. Then she opened her eyes and looked at me. "Did you like it?" I
asked. "Yes," she answered meekly. It was getting late, so I told her to get
dress and go home. "Will you make me come here again?" Jenny asked. "Yes," I
said. "Actually I want you to come here again tomorrow. Is that understood?"
"Yes." Jenny answered. She gave me a shy smile before rushing out of the front
door.

    To prepare for the next day, I searched the house to see if there's anything
I could use. In my uncle's study I managed to find some "equipment" that I had
in mind. They were kept in two drawers of his large desk--in the only two
drawers that weren't locked. I couldn't help grinning when I thought of that. I
guess I'll like uncle Alan better and better.  The next day after school, I went
up to Kate when I saw her coming out of her classroom. At first she glared at
me, but then she blushed and looked down at the floor. "Hi Kate," I said.

    "What do you want?"  "I want you to come with me."

    "What for? Haven't you had enough? And did you see Jenny yesterday? She came
home late and wouldn't tell me where she went. You didn't do anything to her,
did you? If you touch her-"

    "Shut up, slave!" I said sternly. Kate jumped at the words, and looked
around nervously to see if anyone had heard that. "Please, don't call me that
here." "I'm glad you haven't forget that. Now shut up and come with me." She
looked at me and opened her mouth as if she wanted to say something, but then
she lowered her head again and followed me quietly out of the main gate. She
followed me quietly to my home, without trying to ask me any question. I was
really thrilled by this obedience of her, but I tried to act cool.

    Once we're inside the house, I had her take off her clothes. When she was
down to her bra and panties I let her stop. Then I took out a pair of leather
handcuffs that I found in my uncle's drawer. "Please, not that," Kate pleaded.
"Shut up, slave!" I scolded, "you're in no position to object here!" "I hate
you!" she said as she let me put the cuffs on her and locked the cuffs together
behind her back. "Now kneel down." She obeyed, cursing me while she did so. "I
think we have to do something about the way you talk don't we, slave?" I took
out a ball gag and forced it in her mouth. After fastening the ball gag, I took
out a leather collar with a leather leash attached. At this she really went
frantic and tried to get up. "Bitch!" I scolded. I grabbed her left breast and
squeezed it real hard through the bra, causing her to wince in pain. "Now do we
have your cooperation?" I asked, hand still on her left breast, and she nodded,
whimpering. "Good." She began sobbing as I put the collar around her neck and
fastened it. Then I led her into my uncle's bedroom by the leash. I opened the
door of a large wardrobe and told her to get in. She looked at me, puzzled. "Get
in!" I barked, and she hurried inside. Then I ordered her to kneel down inside
the wardrobe. As she complied, I attached the leash to a bar inside the
wardrobe. "Stay it and keep quiet. If you try to move or make any sound, both
you and Jenny will be punished. Is that clear?" She looked alarmed when I
mentioned Jenny, but still brought herself to nod. I then close the door of the
wardrobe, leaving a thin gap so that Kate could see what's going on outside.

    Jenny arrived later as I arranged. She smiled shyly to me when I opened the
door for her, but looked a bit disappointed when I told her to strip
immediately. When she was completely naked, I led her into my uncle's bedroom
and told her to lie down on the bed.

    "Tell me, Jenny, since when have you been playing with yourself?" Although
she had done everything I said so far, Jenny was shocked at this question and
didn't answer. "Answer me, slave!" I said and I gave her a spank on her thigh.

    "Ouch! That's hurts!"

    "Then answer me or you'll get another one!"

    "Yes, yes," she started blushing, then in a voice that I could barely hear,
she said, "since...since I was about thirteen..."

    "And how did you do it?"

    "Oh, god, please, Jim, don't make me answer that."

    "Fine, then show me."

    "Oh, no!" Without a word, I turned her around and began spanking her. She
started kicking and crying, but I held her down and spanked her even harder.
Finally she stopped struggling and just lay there sobbing, and I stopped.

    "Oh," she whimpered, "that hurts."

    "Then you'd better do what I say. Now!"

    Slowly, Jenny turned around and closed her eyes. One hand reached down
between her legs and started rubbing, while the other rubbed her breasts. After
a while, her breath quickened and her hand which was rubbing her breasts reached
behind to touch her asshole. I was amazed by this, and spread her legs to have a
better look. Jenny was too absorbed in what she was doing and didn't resist at
all. Only when I spoke did she stop and open her eyes.

    "Is that how you do it? You like playing with your asshole?"

    "Y...yes," she answered meekly.

    I climbed on the bed and rolled her over onto her knees. "Rub yourself
again." I parted her legs as she began rubbing her pussy. My hand joined hers,
getting my fingers wet with her juices, then I placed my forefinger at her
asshole. She gasped as she felt it, and cried out when I began to push it in.
Slowly, I pumped my finger back and forth in her rectum, then pulled it out. I
unzipped and pulled out my rock-hard cock. I rubbed my cock against her snatch,
which was by now dripping wet, and pressed its head against her tiny, wrinkled
asshole, and Jenny groaned and shook her head. "Oh, oh." She gasped,
"Whaaaa....what a....what are you doooooing?" she moaned. "I'm going to fuck you
in the ass, slave!"  "NooooooO!" Her protest turned into a moan as I drove my
cock into her with a fast thrust. I grabbed her and pushed until my cock was
buried all the way in her ass, feeling its tight grip. "Oh! Oh! Ohh God! Oohh
God!" Jenny whined.

    I pulled back a few inches, then thrust forward, and stared pumping her in a
slow tempo. She gasped and started rubbing herself again, moaning louder and
louder all the time. Her hips began wriggling and she was really fingering
herself in a frenzy. She's really a hot little slut! "You're a really little
slut aren't you?" I panted, fucking her harder and harder. "S-slut---oh! Oh!
Oooh!" She cried out as her entire body was taken by a series of spasms,
signaling her orgasm. Feeling my balls swelling, I buried my cock all the way up
her ass and filled it up with my come.





Jim: The Story of a Boy's Coming of Age
IV.

    Kate was glaring at me when I led her out of the wardrobe after Jenny had
gone. She looked really sexy in her bonds and with drool running down her chin,
the perfect look of a slave to me. Dragging her by the leash, I made her bend
over the edge of the bed and kept her that way by attaching the leash to the
other side of the bed. She struggled a bit when I pushed her bra up and removed
her panties, which I noticed were wet. She groaned in dismay when I pointedly
placed the panties on the bed right in front of her face. Without her seeing, I
retrieved the items that I had prepared for her from under the bed and removed
her gag.

    "What have you done to my sister, you bastard? You've turned her into..." I
let her go on for a few more seconds before raising a leather whip and then
brought it heavily down onto her ass.   "Ouch!" Kate let out a scream of both
pain and surprise. She turned around and looked at me in horror. Without a word
I brought the whip down again.

    "Oh, Ouch! Oh! Oh!" Kate cried out and struggled as I kept whipping her.
Soon her ass was criss-crossed with red welts. Oh, Oh, please, stop!" she
pleaded, "please, oh, oh, I'm sorry, please, stop!"

    "So have you had enough?" I asked as I stopped whipping her. Sobbing, she
nodded. "I can do anything I want to your sister and to you, you get that?"
Another nod. "Say it!" "Y-you can do anything you want to me and to m-my
sister." "Good. And now I'm going to fuck you in the ass." "Oh, n..." her word
trailed off as she saw me raising the whip again. "What, you got a problem with
that?" I asked teasingly, touching her ass with the tip of the whip. She
stiffened as she felt it. "N...no..." "Good. Then why don't you beg me to do
it?"

    She turned around and look at me in disbelief. Tears began running down her
cheeks. I could see the fear and humiliation in her eyes. "P-please," she
finally said, almost in a whisper. "Please what?" "Fuck my ass." "Again,
louder!" "Please fuck me in the ass!" She blurted out, and then lowered her
head. I was really turned on by her submission, and my cock was by now
rock-hard. I rubbed it against her slit, getting it wet with her juices, and
then began pushing into her tight, virgin asshole. "Oh, God!" she gasped as I
got the first inch in. Her whole body was really tense as I eased all the way
into her. Reaching down under the bed I retrieved a vibrator and switched it on.
Hearing the sound, alarmed, she turned around and gasped as she saw it. "That's
right, slave, you're going to get both holes filled!" I chuckled as she murmured
her protests. Despite her protests, her body betrayed her. Her whole body
stiffened as I touched her clit with the tip of the vibrator, and she couldn't
suppress her moan when I began to message her clit with it. "Like it, huh? Well
here's more!" With these words I shoved the vibrator all the way up her pussy. I
held still to let her savor the feeling of my cock throbbing in her ass and a
vibrator buried deep into her tight, wet pussy. "Oh, Oh" she moaned. Grabbing
her hips, I began pumping. I fucked her roughly, squeezing her breasts real hard
and pinching her nipples from time to time, which seemed only to excite her
more. She began humping back against my thrust, and moaned louder and louder.
Her body was covered with sweat, and when I reached down to feel the vibrator, I
found that her juices were dripping down her thighs.

    "You like this, don't you?" I asked as I began thrusting the vibrator in and
out of her. "Y--yes, oh, oh," she moaned, "yes, fuck me, fuck me! Ah! Ah!"
Within seconds she was coming violently, with her hips wriggling uncontrollably
and her tucking at the leash so hard that I thought she would choke. At this
point I couldn't hold back any longer and emptied my balls into her ass.

    Kate waited submissively as I untied her leash. I then untied her hands and
led her to the bathroom. I removed her collar and led her into the shower and
told her to clean up. She followed all my instructions, and at my gesture, she
knelt down and began soaping my cock. Finally, after we had dried ourselves and
got dressed, I let her go. "So I'll see you tomorrow then," I said as I opened
the door for her. "Yes," she answered, smiling back to me.

    I was really thrilled by this newfound obedience on Kate's part, and was
already making plans for the next day shortly after she left. I decided to pay a
visit to my uncle's office to see if there's anything that I could use. Sarah
had already left when I arrived and the office was completely empty. I entered
my uncle's office with the key and began check out his drawers, where I found
some ropes, a ball gag, a couple of leather cuffs, a blindfold, a vibrator, a
cupless leather bra, some more photos and a whip. Just when I was trying to
decide which one to take with me, the door opened and Sarah walked in.

    Needless to say, we were both surprised to see each other. "Oh, hi, Jim,"
finally, Sarah managed to say. "Hi, Sarah." "I didn't know you're here-" she
stopped when she saw what I had in my hands. We remained like this in silence,
and I wasn't quite sure what to do. "So you know," finally, she said, lowering
her eyes.

    "Yes," I said, staring at her large breasts and long legs. Sarah looked up
and caught my stare. "Is that what you want?" She asked. God, I thought, looks
like my cock's having a busy day. I nodded, and without a word she began
undressing. God she's pretty, I thought as I looked at her. Large breasts, not
so slim as Kate was, but still in good shape. When she was completely naked, she
just stood there and waited for me. "Lie down on the desk," I said. She complied
without a word. I walked over to her and grabbed one of her wrist. Her breath
quickened as I took the ropes and started tying it. I raised her arm above her
head and tied the rope to a leg of the desk. When I walked over to the other
side of the desk, Sarah automatically raised the other arm. And when I finished
tying the other wrist to the desk, she immediately spread her legs so that I
could tie her ankles too.

    "My uncle has really made you...obedient hasn't he?" I couldn't hide my
curiosity anymore and asked.

    "At first h-he made me do it, but then I got into it myself." Sarah was a
bit embarrassed when she told me about their relation as I continued to tied her
up. I then took the vibrator and switched it on. I put my hand between Sarah's
legs and felt her pussy, which was already dripping wet. She moaned as I shoved
the vibrator up her pussy. Then I had an idea. I blindfolded her and then told
her to wait. "Wh-what are you going to do?" She asked. "You're not in a position
to ask," I said and gagged her with the ball gag.

    I left the room and closed the door behind me. Using the phone in the main
office, I called Sarah's home. Jenny answered the phone. Just as I hoped, Kate
and Jenny were both there. I told them to come here immediately. "What are we
going to do?" Jenny asked. "You'll find out, and get there quick."

    They arrived shortly with Kate looking suspiciously at me. "Take off your
clothes," I said. "Wh-" Kate began to protest but I stopped her. "Do it now or
I'll get the whip!" I said, and she immediately started unbuttoning her shirt.
Soon the two sisters were standing in front of me completely naked. Kate blushed
as she saw Jenny staring at the whip marks on her butt. "Are you going to hurt
us, Jim?" Jenny asked. "Not if you do what I say, otherwise your ass is going to
look like Kate's." I said, which caused Kate to groan in dismay. "We'll do what
you say, please don't hit us," Jenny pleaded. "Oh, poor Katie, it must have
hurt." She said as she touched Kate's ass gently, causing Kate to jump
uncomfortably.

    "That's right, Jenny," I said. "I want you to touch Kate and make her come.
That's right, touch her there." "No!" Kate protested, "You can't make us do
that!" "I can and I will. If you don't let Jenny do that, you'll both get a
whipping!" "Oh, Katie, it's okay," Jenny cooed, "it's okay..." with that she
kissed Kate on the lips gently. Her one hand reached up and rubbed Kate's
breasts, while the other began gently rubbing Kate's slit. While her hands were
working, she kissed Kate again and their kissed became more and more passionate.
Kate wrapped her arms around Jenny and began messaging her body. Jenny pushed
Kate gently so that her hips were resting on a desk. She spread Kate's legs and
pressed her body against Kate's, and began grinding her hips, rubbing her pussy
against Kate's. Soon their breath turned to gasps and Kate's began moaning and
wrapped her legs around Jenny. At this point I stopped them. "Oh, oh," both Kate
and Jenny moaned in despair. "Now come here, and don't make a sound. If any of
you say a word without my permission, both will get whipped. Is that clear?"
Still trying to catch their breath, they nodded. I then let them in my uncle's
office.

    They both gasped in surprise as they saw Sarah. Kate almost cried out, but
she covered her mouth with her hand quickly. Sarah was moaning under her gag,
and her body was trembling with excitement. I led Jenny to between her legs and
pressed her head down to her mum's pussy. She looked at me with pleading eyes
but I just gave her a stern look and pulled out the vibrator in Sarah's snatch,
causing a muffled cry from her. I forced Jenny's head down until her lips
touched her mum's pussy, and held it there until she began licking with her eyes
closed. Next I turned to Kate. She had been watching what I did in some kind of
shock and didn't resist when I grabbed her arm and led her to the desk. She
started shaking her head in silence when she saw what I was up to. I reached out
and pinched Sarah's left nipple hard, drawing a cry from her, and Kate grabbed
my arm when I reached out again. Slowly, she climbed on the desk and straddled
Sarah's face. Then I untied Sarah's gag.

    "Wh-" "Shut up and start licking! There's another slave here who wants you
to lick her pussy!" I said, emphasizing my command with a squeeze on her
breasts. She began licking and soon Kate began squirming with excitement. Soon
all three of them were moaning, Jenny was fingering herself while licking her
mum, Kate grabbed Sarah's head and rubbed her pussy against her face. I took off
my jeans and climb on the desk. Kate cried out as I entered her warm, wet pussy
from behind. Grabbing her breasts from behind, I began pumping her in a frenzy.
Sarah for her part was alternatively licking Kate or my balls. Then I reached
down and removed Sarah's blindfold. "Oh, God, oh, Kate!" She cried out as she
saw her daughter. "Oh, mum, oh, oh," Kate moaned in answer. "Yeah, that's your
daughter alright," I gasped, "and there's Jenny licking your pussy!" "Oh, God,
oh, oh!" I couldn't tell whether Sarah was moaning out of pleasure or dismay,
but soon she began licking Kate's pussy again. "Oh, mum, I'm coming, I'm coming!
Ah! Ah!" Kate cried out, and from the way her body was squirming I guessed Sarah
was coming too, and I myself was pretty close. After Kate came, I pulled out and
sprayed my come all over Sarah's face. Kate collapsed on top of her mum, hugging
her tightly. At this moment Jenny also came, and then she collapsed of the
floor, exhausted.

    Feeling exhausted myself, I climbed off the desk and sat down on a chair.
Slowly Jenny got up and got on top of the desk, joining Kate and her mum.
Together she and Kate licked the come of Sarah's face lovingly, kissing each
other from time to time. Then they asked me if they could untie Sarah. I thought
his should be enough for a day and nodded, and they untied Sarah and helped her
get up. They smiled at each other and Sarah kissed them both. Then they stood
together in front of me, with Sarah wrapping her arms around her daughters.
"Please, may we go home now?" Sarah asked submissively. "You can come with us if
you like, I'll make you a nice dinner."

    I couldn't believe it! The following days I was in heaven. I had the total
submission of three attractive women who would do anything I say and satisfy any
fantasy of mine. It was like I had my own harem. I would meet up with Kate and
Jenny after school and go home with them and Sarah would be waiting. Needless to
say, I didn't study at all.

    Well, this dream was to end soon, when uncle Alan came back. I came out of
school one day and found his chauffeur waiting for me instead of Kate and Jenny.
He told me that uncle Alan had already taken them home, and my heart sank like a
stone. I went home and found Sarah waiting there. She was kneeling on the floor,
naked. Her arms were tied behind her back, and there were also ropes around her
breasts. "What happened? Where's Kate and Jenny?" I asked. "Y...your uncle took
them..." she said weakly, "they're upstairs... H-he found out." "What?" I was
shocked. Thinking that my uncle has taken my two personal slaves, I was
overtaken with jealousy. I noticed that there's a whip on the floor, so I picked
it up and began whipping Sarah angrily. "You told him, didn't you!" I scolded,
"you let him take them away from me!"

    "Oh, oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I had to, oh, oh," Sarah pleaded as she
winced with pain. Soon her back and her arms were covered with red welts. I
dropped the whip onto the floor and ran upstairs. Uncle Alan was waiting. "Hey,
Jim," he said, "well done," without answering him I ran through the door behind
him into his bedroom. Kate was lying spread-eagled on the bed with her wrists
and ankles tied to the head board and the legs of the bed. Jenny was lying on
top of her with her hands tied behind her back. They were joined together by a
double-head dildo. "Oh, Jim," Jenny whined when she saw me. I turned around to
face my uncle and tried to hit him. "You took them away! You took them away!
They're mine! They're mine!" I said angrily. "Calm down, Jim, clam down," said
uncle Alan, "you did fine, much better then I expected, and I'm really proud of
you. No I'm not going to take them away from you but you've got to share, just
like I let you have Sarah. You still have a lot to learn..."

    My fears turned out to be unfounded, because uncle Alan didn't take Kate and
Jenny away from me. But neither can I keep my own private harem all to myself
anymore. Shortly afterwards, Sarah and the girls moved in to live with us. In a
way, I now have a whole family, though not exactly what you'd call a "normal"
one. Not every boy has his sexual awakening like that, I guess. Anyway, Sarah's
birthday is coming soon. I'm going to suggest to uncle Alan that we give her a
pair of gold nipple rings. They'll look good on her. 



The End 





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Road Runner


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





