BDSM Library - Pinky




Pinky
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A story about the torturous lives of three siblings (two brothers and one sister) focusing on the older brother (Pinky). Story takes them from evil parents to abduction to slavery and ... Not for squeamish. Offbeat. (gay, 
torture and scat)
Pinky

This fictional story contains very graphical sexual/kinky/disturbing
situations. Some parts deal with incest and torture. DO NOT READ if you are a
minor or reading it would violate any law in the state/country where you
reside. Do not distribute or post this story without the author's permission
(which he usually gives). Comments are welcome. The Author responds to all
rational critiques (good or bad). Flames are ignored. Respond to
EdNNJ42@aol.com.

This is part one and two of a five part story 

              Part 1 � The Abduction
              Part 2 � The Shower
              Part 3 � Game time
              Part 4 � Gregor (includes The Doctor and Sues Tale)
              Part 5 -- Forever
______________________________

This is my first mostly gay story. Please send comments (good or bad) to
EdNNJ42@aol.com  




Pinky - The Abduction (Part 1)

Hands tied behind my back, I knelt naked in the corner listening to the moans
and cries coming from the living room.

"Get over here you little slut and suck my cock!"

My step-dad was in a particularly raunchy mood and I waddled over to him on my
knees. The soles of my feet were still blistered from the last beating, making
it very painful to stand. Kneeling before him he grabbed my head and forced it
down on his massive cock. I've long since lost the "gag" reflex and was able to
take his 9" shaft down my throat. Sucking the monster down I finally reached
his balls.

"Work on the tip you fuckin whore! I want Paul to see how to lick a dickhead."

Paul was my younger brother. Standing next to the couch he was also naked. My
step-dad played with his balls and tiny penis as I withdrew his shaft, and
concentrated on his cockhead. My tongue circled the bulbous tip. Darting in and
out of the pee hole then down under the ridge. My spittle coated the orb making
it shine. Soon some sweet tasting precum emerged, making the head even more
lustrous.  My step-dads moans were getting louder as were my mothers.  She was
on a chair across from us. My younger sister was, like me, bound and on her
knees administering to her cunt. I felt sorry for my sister. Mother had put a
large punishment dildo up her ass. With a riding crop she kept smacking my
sisters backside urging her to get her tongue in deeper. Tears mixed with pussy
juice flowed down my mom's slit, making a puddle under the cruel woman's ass.
Between moans I could hear my mother screeching. 

"Lick harder you fuckin bitch! If you stain this chair I'll force anther dildo
up that tight shit-hole of yours. You�re ass is mine forever, you fuckin slut.
Remember, forever is a very long time!"

My step-dad was close to cumming. His hold on my brother's penis got stronger
and, out of the corner of my eye, I could see my brother grimace in pain. Just
before he erupted his foot came up and smacked me hard on my side. I toppled
over, headfirst onto the floor. Still holding my brother's penis and balls, he
pulled Paul in front of him. Letting go he forced the boy down and ordered him
to "finish the job". Paul was sobbing and took a few licks at the mushroom
head. Getting impatient, my step-dad took Paul's head and rammed the dick down
his throat. Gasping for air, Paul's lips were forcibly bobbing up and down on
the massive cock. As my step-dad let out a huge sigh, his body stiffened and
forced Paul's head all the way down. Paul was frantically gasping for air as
the sperm squirted deep within his throat. Flailing his arms in vain, Paul
couldn't budge his head loose from the giant hands. Finally their grip eased
and Paul sprang off of the slimy rod. Looking sick, Paul started to gag and
vomit at my father's feet. Smiling broadly, my step-dad looked on in amusement
as Paul continued to spit on the carpet. 

"That's OK son. It's always hard the first time. You'll get used to it, just
like your brother."

With those words a sharp cry was heard from the chair. I thought my mother had
cum, but soon learned otherwise.

"This fuckin, bitch whore bit my clit! You worthless piece of shit! Now you're
really gonna get it!"

Mother raised the crop high over the helpless girl. I could see the terror in
my sister's eyes as her body braced itself for the blow.

"Hold on honey" offered my step-dad. "I have a better idea. No need to do
permanent damage."

The big man walked over to the cowering girl and grabbed one of her feet. With
hands still tied behind, he dragged her over to the couch. Pushing Paul over
with his foot he plopped the girl down. Her face landed in Paul's vomit.

"Lets see how good she is at cleaning the rug. OK cunt, lick up that mess."

His bare foot was on her head, forcing it down on the smelly waste. Sobbing
loudly her tongue tried to lap up the vile goo. Getting behind her, mom started
to work the punishment cock in and out of her ass. Drawing it far out, then
roughly shoving it back in. I could see pieces of shit sticking between the
knobs of the fake phallus. My sister finally managed to get the last bit up in
her mouth. Releasing his foot from her head, mom took out the dildo and handed
it to him. Grabbing her by the hair he told her to lick the dildo clean. Broken
and exhausted, she dutifully licked and swallowed her own pieces of shit off
the rubber dong. The grownups smiled at each other and indicated it was time
for bed. Standing over my sister and me they pulled us to our feet. The pain in
my soles was intense, as they lead all of us down to the basement.

"You can finish cleaning the carpet in the morning. For tonight we have
something special planned."

Paul was instructed to lie face up on the "play" table. Once there his legs,
feet and chest where strapped down. A small dildo was inserted in a hole
through the table bottom, which penetrated his tight young ass.
Paul was told to spread his arms off of the table. We were then bent over. With
mom guiding me, she backed me up into Paul's waiting hand. Squashing Paul's
fingers together she worked them up my sore hole. Pushing me further his whole
hand disappeared within my bowels. By the soft sobs, I knew my sister was
getting the same treatment with Paul's other hand. Stepping back both grownups
laughed. The site of two youngsters bent over with a hand up each ass from a
spread eagle boy, must have been quite comical.

"You two look awfully uncomfortable like that! Perhaps you'd like to sit down
and relax.", giggled my mother.

I couldn't see what was happening behind me. My sister cried out, "NO, NO" then
let out a long scream. She was still crying when my step-dad stepped before me.

"Next!"

Reaching down he grabbed me around the waist and lifted me up. Being careful
not to dislodge Paul's hand, he moved me back up over the table. I cried out in
pain as I felt Paul's arm slip deeper and deeper in my bowels. Easing me down
my bum hole stretched widely as my cheeks engulfed Paul's elbow and upper arm.
The pain in my abdomen was a dull throb compared to the sharp pain from my
ravaged hole.
Mom bent down to inspect the damage.

"Guess our boy needs to be stretched more so he doesn't bleed next time. Looks
like he has a fuckin period! I think we should buy a few more punishment
dildo's." 

My step-dad started to laugh.

"Don't need more dildo's, I still got my baseball bat. What we need are more
tampons!"

Mom went behind me and came back a second later holding a used tampon up to my
face.

"Look boy, fresh from your little whore sister. Wanna taste?"

Forcing my teeth open she pushed the slimy red tampon into my mouth. The foul
taste made me cough and I could smell my sister's most private odor. With the
string sticking out between my teeth, mom taped my mouth shut. Taking a hemp
rope my step-dad tied my sister and me tightly together at the neck, shoulders
and waist. Sis again cried out as I pictured the barbed rope sawing across her
tender nipples. Another rope was hung from the ceiling, which he tied to the
hemp.  This kept us from falling over and expelling the invader in our bowels.
Tied back to back, Sitting on top of Paul's arms with our feet dangling over
the table, we must have looked grotesque.

"Goodnight my children. Sleep tight. Oh I almost forgot! I promised our big boy
here something special for his birthday."

Laughing my step-dad went upstairs. Mom stroked my forehead and told me I'd
soon have lot's of little friends to play with. Taking her hand she worked it
under my bleeding bottom. Using my own blood as lube she worked it up and down
my shaft singing "Happy Birthday", as she stroked. Despite the pain, I found
myself getting hard. My step-dad came back down carrying a small plastic bag
with black specks inside. Holding the bag up to my face I could see hundreds of
small bugs crawling around within. My skin went pale and beads of sweat started
to drip down my horrified face. Joining mom in singing "Happy Birthday", he
gently squashed the bag to get the air out. He then placed the bag over my
blood-coated penis. I could feel an elastic pinch tight against my cock,
assuring the hungry contents would stay inside. Mom flicked the bag with her
finger as they turned to go upstairs.

"Goodnight my children, Sleep tight. DO let the bed bugs bite."

Alone in the darkness I could feel the creatures crawling over my dick and
biting my tender flesh. The pain an itching was indescribable. As I jerked my
body the pain in my ass got worse and the bugs seemed to bite with a renewed
vengeance. My sister, not knowing my predicament, cursed me as she cried in
pain from my thrashing about. Paul fortunately saw what was happening and
explained to her my torment.  Eventually I pissed into the bag, drowning most
of the vermin. It was a long night filled with sobs and moans.

Early the next morning we heard footsteps come downstairs. Anxious about our
future punishment, our hearts pounded in our chests. Looking up I saw three men
approach. All were dressed in business suits
and wearing black gloves. They didn't seem surprised to see us.

"What have we here. Looks like three little sluts ripe for the picking. Gregor
was right. This job will pay us dividends."

Taking out a knife, one of the men cut our ropes. We collapsed against poor
Paul. Slowly we freed ourselves from his slimy arms, as the men watched in
amusement. Pulling the tape from my mouth, they got hysterical as the string
stuck to it and pulled the tampon out to. Still laughing they next turned to my
piss filled bag. As I carefully released the elastic, piss and dead bugs poured
to the floor. My poor dick was covered in deep red welts. Lightly touching it
brought instant pain. One of the men displayed a look of sympathy as he ordered
another to get some gauze and ointment.

"Don't worry kid, pretty soon it'll be good as new."

While applying the ointment to my dick, Paul and my sister where freed and
helped off the table. He then wrapped the gauze around my penis, tying it off
around my waist and under my ass. Paul asked where our parents where. 

"No need to worry about them anymore. They managed to piss off the wrong
person! Hopefully this will be a lesson for the three of you. Let's go! I'm
sure you're anxious to see your new homes."

Two men followed us up the stairs as the third stayed behind. In the living
room was my mom and step-dad. Both were naked and covered in blood, welts and
cuts. Mom's breasts had been cut open and her pussy was ripped up to her navel.
Her organs lay sprawled along the couch. Step-dads penis was cut off and
jutting from his mouth. From behind his ass was butchered, and his intestines
lay in a heap at his feet. 

"Good thing for you the basement was soundproof. Good thing for us your
neighbors a mile away. We tortured them most of the night. Look and remember
kids! I play for keeps!"

We wanted to feel pain for them, but only felt relief for ourselves. Surely
wherever we go, had to be better than this hellhole. I put my arms around my
siblings and followed the men out to the driveway. Still naked we got into a
Van parked behind the house. The third man came running out, threw some
bloodied clothes in, got behind the wheel and sped off. As we watched out the
back window, our house burst into flames. Smiling we slunk down and rested
against the doors. Offering us a pill, so we could rest, we took them and lay
down to sleep. It was hard for me to swallow, as the taste of my sister's
period came back to my parched mouth. In each other's arms, we quickly dozed
off. 

I awoke lying face up on a padded table. My arms and legs where so stiff, it
was hard to move. I could feel something up my ass. Reaching down I touched a
long tube jutting from my bottom. I tried to pull it out but was either too
weak or it was in too tight. Becoming more alert, I felt my body. Nowhere below
my neck, was a trace of hair. My dick also no longer hurt, though I could still
feel tiny bumps all along the shaft and head. A large man approached me.

"Well well, Rip Van Winkle finally wakes up. Just in time to join in the fun. 
I'm Frank! I have only two rules. One, Absolutely no talking. Two, Do
everything that you're told to do without hesitation. If you follow these rules
your punishment will be minimal. If you don't, you'll deeply regret it! Do you
understand!"

I nodded my head in agreement.

"Good. Now roll over. I'm going to paddle your ass. This isn't punishment, it's
just to warm you up."

Frank started with soft strokes on my upturned ass. Pretty soon they were
having the desired effect as I felt my shaft growing against the table. 

"Wow! What a pink little butt you have! From now on, I think I'll call you
Pinky. Now get up!"

I managed to sit up on the table. My erection pointed directly up at Frank. In
the corner of the room stood four naked boys, all around my age. Each one with
a bloated stomach and hairless. All had hoses, like mine, protruding from their
cheeks. Frank motioned for the first boy to come over. He pushed his head down
on my shaft and told the boy to suck. Furiously the lad's lips bounded up and
down on my pole. Like his life depended upon it, the boy licked, sucked and
squeezed my cock with his lips. It wasn't long before a steady stream of cum
spasmed down his throat. Relishing the liquid goo, the boy sucked every last
drop out of my piss hole. Frank smiled.

"That's the way to suck cock. Remember it Pinky and learn from it. Now it's
time to clean you out."

Frank had me stand with my hands clasped behind my head. From the table he
pulled out a hose and twisted it on the one between my cheeks. 

"Don't worry Pinky. The inflation ring I put in your ass can't be expelled
under normal force. No need to worry about getting nasty shit over the floor.
The water is regulated so only the amount specified will flow up your shoot.
Just stand and enjoy it."

I felt the warm water flowing into my bowels. Frank was right, I couldn't expel
the water and it wasn't unpleasant. As more water gushed in, however, a
terrible cramping started. I wanted to reach down but was terrified of the
consequences. My face contorted in agony as the cramping increased. Just when
it seemed I could take no more, the water stopped. My belly was engorged and
stuck out markedly. Frank turned a valve on my hose and disconnected it from
the table. He then had us line up with our backs to him. With arms over our
heads he told us to, "hold hands."

"What cute little asses. Just ripe for a hard cock. But first let's put some
color in those cheeks."

I could hear the whacks of a heavy wooden paddle hitting bare flesh. No boy
dared to cry out. As I listened to the "whoosh" of the paddle and the loud
"smack", I thought of my sister and brother and all we'd been through.
Wondering where they were I felt the sting of Franks blow. Five times the wood
found its mark on my tender bottom. When Frank finished, he led us into the
shower room. There we soothed our flaming asses under the cool water.   




Pinky - The Shower (Part 2)

Pinky and his young friends stepped out of the showers. Their smooth, hairless
bodies glistened in the well-lit room. Frank handed them a bottle of water and
forced them to drink as they filed past him. Each one still had an enema hose
protruding from their pink (well-disciplined) ass. Stomachs distended by the
watery solution, they still grimaced in pain. Frank inspected them and poked
their swollen bellies. He made sure the inflation rings were well seated,
making it impossible to discharge the liquid. As each boy moved, a sloshing
sound could be heard from their bowels. This made Frank grin.

"How are my little pregnant whores doing? Would everyone like to shit out that
nasty water?" 

Each boy eagerly nodded yes. Familiar with the routine, they dared not speak
lest they be punished severely. Frank had them line up and place their arms
around each other's body, like in a chorus line. They were then instructed to
kick up their legs and dance, as Frank hummed a tune.

"Higher you sluts! I want those feet up high. I'd better be able to see those
soles."

Try as he might Pinky couldn't kick that high. The terrible cramping in his
stomach kept him from getting his foot any higher than his dangling balls.
Frank gave Pinky a sharp look and he knew his fate was sealed. Being fully
amused by the boy's bellies and cocks bobbing up and down, Frank stopped the
action. He then led the boy's back into the showers. He ordered Pinky to one
end of the shower and told him to lie face up on the cold tiles. One by one he
then took the hose jutting out of each boy's ass and, turning the valve,
directed the stream of muddy liquid onto Pinky. Paying special attention to
Pinky's erection, he made sure not to miss any part of his body. When the last
boy was done, Frank instructed them to line up over Pinky. Deflating the anal
rings, Frank removed their hoses. The boys could not help but shit their
remains unto poor Pinky. Frank had them alternate between squatting and
standing until their bowels were completely cleared. Pinky was a mess from head
to toe. Hardly recognizable, the gooey brown liquid dripped from his body.
Frank came over to him and rolled him over with his foot. Lying face down in
the brown sauce, Frank mercilessly pulled the hose out of the helpless boy.
Crying out in pain, the liquid shot out of his ass like a fountain, covering
his thighs and cheeks. While Pinky was relieving himself, the other boys sat
down on a ledge against the shower. Frank also sat down and ordered Pinky over
to them.

"We still have some time before the festivities. Pinky, I want you to clean our
feet. Make sure you get between each toe. Heaven help you if you leave any
trace of shit on them!"

With that Pinky knelt before them and licked their feet. Taking each foot he
licked the arch and insole. Sucking on the heel he moved to the top of the foot
then down to the toes. Sucking each digit like a small penis, he tongued
between them, lapping up the foul excrement. When he was done Frank again
turned on the showers and each bathed in the steamy mist, washing each other's
genitals with a fragrant soap.

A new boy, also nude, came into the shower area and told Frank "it was time".
Frank lined up the young boys and marched them into an adjoining room. There,
on the richly carpeted floor, lay five naked men.
Each was sporting a huge erection and moaning. At the feet of each man was a
naked boy, bending over and sucking on the men's toes. The base of a butt plug
was clearly visible from their upturned asses. At the other end each had a boy
squatting over his chest. Two boys were busy masturbating their young cocks as
the men pinched and fondled their nipples. The other three boys were massaging
the men's chest and nipples with, what looked like, fresh cum. Suddenly one of
the masturbating boys cocks erupted. He directed the thick ooze onto the mans
chest and stroked out the remaining jism. He then started a slow massage of the
cum around the mans nipples, just like the other three boys. The boy left
stroking his cock quickened his pace. Tears where streaming down his eyes as
his hand moved rapidly up and down. The man underneath was getting angry.

"This little sissy fag doesn't want to cum for me Frank. Maybe you can help him
along."

Frank went over to the boy. Pulling him by the ear he threw him across a wooden
table in a corner of the room. Stretching the boy's arms, Frank cuffed them to
opposite ends of the table. With his feet spread on the floor, Frank then
cuffed his ankles to the legs. Bent over and spread eagle, the boy's ass made
an inviting target. With the men and boys looking on, Frank took a leather
strap from the wall and proceeded to beat the poor boys bottom. Moans and then
screams erupted from the helpless victim as large welts started to form.
Putting down the strap, Frank spread the bright red cheeks and shoved a finger
roughly in the boy's hole. Twisting his finger inside, the victim was crying
uncontrollably. Withdrawing his finger he
presented it to the lad's mouth, ordering him to lick off the brown shit
covering the tip. The boy sucked on the finger, making sure to clean the nail
of any trace of poop. Turning to Pinky, Frank ordered him to clean the boy's
asshole. Kneeling behind the beaten youth, Pinky spread the sore cheeks and
puckered his mouth around the little hole. It had a bitter taste, but was far
better than what he ingested while in the shower. Alternating between sucking
and pushing his tongue deep inside the shoot, Pinky cleaned the boy's hole.
With all eyes focused on the victim's ass, Frank took Pinky's hand. Squashing
his fingers closely together, He rammed Pinky's hand up the boy's hole.
Straining at his bonds, the young boy twisted in agony. With cheers of 
"deeper!, deeper!", Frank continued to work Pinky's arm further up the boys
bowels. With the arm seated almost up to the elbow, Frank let go and pushed
Pinky onto the floor. With the ass fully distended by the young arm, Frank then
started to spank the boy's ass. The victim could only manage soft sobs as the
men cheered their approval. After ten whacks, Frank gently removed Pinky's arm
and released the whimpering lad. Frank ordered two boys to hold the victim up
and suck on his tits. Pinky, still at the boy's feet, was instructed to suck on
the penis dangling in front of him. Soon the boy began to moan as the action on
his tits and cock got more intense. The fire on his ass cheeks flamed his
passion as he clutched the heads of the boys nibbling on his breasts. The boy
now thrusted into Pinky's mouth and soon sent a spasm of sperm sliding down his
throat. Pinky sucked the throbbing cock dry as the men clapped and Frank
grinned. Pinky was then ordered to lick the traces of poop off his arm, as the
boy again took his place on the mans chest. Using his spit, the boy rubbed and
pinched the mans nipples as everyone went back to their original positions.
Waiting a few minutes, Frank proclaimed

"Let the games begin."




Pinky - Game time (Part 3)

The games were very simple. Each man went over a ten-minute scenario with three
boys. The entire scene was video taped for playback later in front of the
committee. The boys were then left alone in a room to carry out the
instructions while the men adjourned to another room to watch the action on TV.
The only rule was, one boy had to cum. The man who created the most erotic
scene, with his boys, was given a weeks stay at Gregor's mansion. There he
could dally daily in forbidden pleasures of the flesh. 

Frank left the men alone with their boys for two minutes. After that he
motioned the first group into a room off to the left, and closed the door. The
room was bare except for a video camera mounted on the floor. The ceramic tiles
felt cold against the boy's bare feet. Without talking, two of the boys laid on
the floor in a 69 position. Sucking each other's cocks, the bulbous heads
bobbed in and out of their mouths. The third boy extracted a dildo from his ass
and proceeded to impale one of the sucking boys. The dildo, wet with brown goo,
slid in and out of the lad's hole. His rim puckered as the large phallus was
drawn all the way out, then quickly rammed back in. As one of the 69 boys began
to pee, yellow water and saliva gurgled down the mouth of his sucking
companion. Soon the moans of orgasm approached. Each boy pushed his cock in
deep and nestled his balls against a wet chin. The dildo was pushed in past the
base, as the first boy screamed his cum down the tender throat. The second lad
soon followed as cum spurt past the sucking lips. The dildo was extracted and
all three boys sat up, licking the slime off the rubber dong before the camera.
After awhile, Frank opened the door and indicated the ten minutes were up. As
the boys filed past Frank the second set entered the room. 

The first boy immediately went into a shoulder stand. His dick grazed his lips
as his ass went in the air. The other two boys came over and each grabbed a
leg. One of the boys took a dildo out of his ass and started to impale the
behind of the contorted boy. Spreading his cheeks wide the large, black dildo
pushed through the tiny opening. The boy whimpered as the camera got a good
shot of the intruder tearing the tender flesh. Beads of red mixed with brown,
as both boys worked the monster in and out. As the contorted boy's dick grew,
it managed to enter his eager mouth. His tongue licked the head then managed to
draw in the purple bulb past his lips. The other two boys picked up the pace
and twisted the dong as they shoved it in. Sweat was dripping from the
contorted boy as his dick fucked his mouth. Drawing out from his lips the penis
head shot a thick stream of urine over the boy's face. Drenching his face and
hair, the yellow water pulsed over him. Finally finished, the penis once again
was drawn in and sucked on. The boys on the dildo now spanked inviting cheeks
as the phony phallus stretched deep in the bowels. The slaps got more intense
as the boy sucked harder on his dick. Soon thick gobs of cum shot from the
penis, mixing with the pissed soaked flesh. Just as the boy came the door
opened. Frank once again ushered in the new trio. As the three boys left a
large puddle could be seen on the tiles. A mixture of cum and piss tinged with
blood. 

As they came in, one boy laid down on the wet floor. The second boy knelt down
next to him and started fondling his penis. The third boy withdrew a jelly
dildo from his ass and knelt down at the boy's head. Feeding the dildo to the
boy he forced the slimy head past his lips. The boys tongue played with the
tip, licking off the brown goo. The dildo was then extracted and placed
lengthwise against the boy's lips. He licked the dildo clean as it was turned
gently around. With his dick now hard he let go a stream of piss. The boy
holding his dick directed the water on the boy's chest and face. Aiming for his
lips, he managed to spray the dildo and the hand of the boy holding it. Now the
boy jerking him off quickens his pace. Spitting on the head and using it as
lube, the penis grows harder. Letting go, the boy squats over him and impales
himself on the stiff pole. Jumping up and down the dick slides in and out of
the rosy cheeks. Meanwhile the boy with the dildo slowly glides it down the
eager throat. Making sure of the camera angle, he turns the boy's head so the
engorged mouth can be seen. The boy was still humping the thick dick when Frank
opened the door. As the boy got up from the intruder, Frank could see the penis
had not cum. Taking a large glob of spit, Frank vigorously jerked off the boy.
Twisting his nipples the boy soon came in Franks hand. Frank presented his
fingers to the boy and ordered him to "eat them". As the hand was licked clean,
the next group of boys entered the room. With his fingers still inside the
boy's mouth, Frank stepped out and closed the door.

One of the youths spread out on the floor while the other two boys squatted
over him. The boy who was over the head pulled out his dildo and tossed it on
the side. He then lowered his ass down on the boy's mouth. The other boy took
the flaccid dick and rubbed it against his hole till it was erect. He then
speared himself on the pole. The prone youth lapped at the ass opening of the
boy on top. Getting his tongue in deep the squatting youth started to moan.
Lifting himself up off the boy, the camera caught a small turd emerging from
the youth. Pushing hard the brown form fell into the prone lad's mouth. At the
same time the boy on his dick dismounted him. The bulbous head sported a film
of brown goo. Lying down, the boy took his feet and started to jerk off the boy
with his soles and toes, using the warm brown sauce as a lube. The camera
continued to catch the action as the boy chewed the small turd as tender young
feet were rubbing his dick. Soon the boy erupted and cum coated the young
soles. As Frank opened the door, he found two boys sucking and licking on the
sex-encrusted feet of their companion. The last group, including Pinky, now
exchanged places in the room.

The only instruction Pinky had received was to go in the room and lie face up
on the floor. The other boy's were told their tasks in private. Pinky did as he
was told. Walking in he quickly lay down on the hard floor. His hair turned
damp from the pee soaked tiles. The boy with the dildo slid it out of his ass
and proceeded to screw off the top. Inside was a nasty pair of alligator
clamps. While one boy held down Pinky's arms, the second clamped Pinky's tits.
Pinky cried out in pain as the sharp teeth bit into the rosy nipples. Drops of
blood rolled down Pinky's frail chest. Now the boys turned their attention to
Pinky's ass. In and out both boy's plunged the plastic monster. With the dildo
fully in, the first boy tried to squeeze his fingers alongside the intruder.
The second boy took Pinky's dick deep in his mouth. Little by little the smooth
fingers worked their way inside. Pinky was sweating profusely. His dick was
rock hard in the warm mouth. Pinky screamed as the finger boy pushed deeper in
his ass. The rim of Pinky's sore bottom soon split as the hand and dildo made
their way deeper in. Pinky was crying as his torn ass dripped new blood unto
the floor. The boy mouthing his penis got so excited at the site he sat up and
started to jerk himself off. Matching his rhythm to the hand and dildo he soon
shot a large glob of cum over Pinky's chest. The youth holding the dildo
extracted his arm and dong from Pinky. He also started to jerk himself off as
the other youth came and rammed his thick hand up Pinky's butt. Pinky cried
anew as he felt the hard fist sink deep within him. As Frank opened the door
the youth shot his load over Pinky's thigh. Frank knelt down and pulled the
clips off of Pinky's chest. Pinky screamed as the tiny teeth left their ugly
marks. The youth withdrew his hand from Pinky's ass and all three left Pinky
alone in the room. Still sobbing Pinky lay in the filth before the camera.    

Pinky continues his tale in part 4.




Pinky - Gregor (Part 4)

It's been six months now since I was first taken. The abuse has settled into a
routine, which I now feel comfortable with. I've been trying to find out the
whereabouts of my brother and sister. Frank gets mad each time I ask and the
other boys know nothing. Part of my responsibilities is helping to get the new
boys accustomed to life here. Average stay for them is around two months. Where
they go from here remains a mystery. Yesterday I held a new recruit in my arms
all night. He was beaten badly and his "balls" showed signs of intense torture.
Naked and sobbing he finally fell asleep against me. Holding him tight I
thought of Paul and hoped he was safe. The injections and pills they've been
giving me have had some strange effects. My breasts have swelled and my nipples
are very sensitive. I'm on a totally liquid diet, which includes large doses of
sperm. My ass has been stretched so wide I find it hard to close. Each week a
larger "butt" plug is inserted. Franks hand can now fit easily inside me. One
of his favorite diversions is to have me sit on another boy's head and shit
into his mouth. My poop is now extremely loose and flows all over his face.
With my wide ass opening, Frank has a clear view of the brown water gushing out
and covering the victim.  Another thrill for him is to have me shit on a boy's
cock. He then makes another boy either stroke it or suck on it. Once one of the
boys fainted from the smell and taste. Frank took a branding iron to his butt
as we all looked on in horror. The letter "G" was burnt into his pale flesh as
his screams filled the air. Two boys dragged him out of the room and I never
saw him again. It's time now for my next injection. I hope they don't leave the
needle too long in my tender ass. 

Pinky walked into the examining room. Frank was there and grabbed him as he
came in. Taking the startled boy he chained him spread eagle to the wall.

"Sorry I have to do this Pinky but you'll be leaving us today and they want
some "special" pictures prior to you going. You can scream and beg all you want
to.  The doctor is wearing earplugs so he can't hear you.
If you pass out the Doctor has a drug, which will keep you awake. You've been a
great fuck and a lot of fun. I wish you well in your new home."

*** The Doctor  ***

With those words Frank left. The Doctor came over and secured the boy further
by locking wide leather straps around his thighs, stomach and neck. Pinky
couldn't move. Terrified he saw the doctor roll over a tray. He strained his
head to look but couldn't see what was in it. The Doctor saw him straining and
a large grin came over his face. Taking up the first hypodermic needle he held
it up to Pinky's face so the boy could see. Making sure he wasn't blocking the
view of the video camera mounted on the ceiling, the Doctor slowly inserted the
needle into Pinky's right nipple. Pinky yelled as the needle sank deep into the
sensitive bud. As the liquid slowly was injected, Pinky screamed in torment. It
felt like his whole breast was consumed by fire.  Leaving the needle dangling
from his tit, the Doctor did the same to the left breast.
Pinky yelled and screamed anew. His cries of agony became hoarse as his vocal
chords strained to react. Pinky finally passed out. The Doctor revived him a
few minutes later with another injection. Pinky felt very alert. The pain in
his breasts now elicited muffled cries and whimpers as tears dripped down his
cheeks. Pinky could still feel the dangling needles striking him as he
struggled to jerk them free. The Doctor looked on in amusement as the needles
flopped from side to side slowly extracting themselves from Pinky's nipples.
First one then the other finally fell to the floor. Pinky then felt the Doctor
lube his cock and start to pump it. With his other hand he massaged Pinky's
prostate till the boy was erect. Taking an elastic he tightly constricted the
base of the penis. Pinky grimaced as he felt the tight band keeping his cock
erect. Next a leather pouch was tightened on Pinky's balls. It separated them
and made them pull tight against the scrotal sack. Holding the balls firmly,
the Doctor proceeded to stick small straight pins through the sack and into
Pinky's balls. Pinky's voice went completely silent as his inhuman cries
completely froze his vocal chords. Only low moans and the constant stream of
tears revealed Pinky's agony. The Doctor inserted more and more pins till he
found it hard to find new flesh. When he finished he moved out of the way and
allowed the camera to zoom in for a close-up of Pinky's pin laden sacks.
Then, grabbing Pinky's penis, he buried pins deep into the cock head. Small
droplets of blood formed around the punctured sites as new shiny intruders were
slowly added. Poor Pinky's body spasmed with each new assault. Finally
finished, he stepped back to admire his artwork and bow to the camera. 
He then took a strong magnet and passed it by Pinky's tortured genitals. The
pins literally jumped out of Pinky's flesh as the magnet went by. The boy's
body jerked uncontrollably and finally fell limp against his bindings. The
Doctor injected Pinky again, then summoned some boys to take Pinky down and
soothe his wounds.  When Pinky woke he was lying face up on a padded table. The
face above him spoke.

"Welcome to your new home Pinky. I'm Gregor." 

Taking Pinky's arm Gregor helped him to sit up. Pinky felt very weak and soon
felt the room spinning. In a few seconds he fell back and passed out. 

Pinky felt soothing hands on his forehead as he opened his eyes. He was lying
on a large bed. On either side of him knelt two naked bodies, one male and one
female. As he squinted to see their faces he heard the familiar voice of his
sister.

"It's okay dear. Paul and me are here. You've been out for quite a long time.
Try to relax."

Pinky thought at first he was dreaming. As his sight cleared he could now see
his sister and brother bending over him. Kissing him on the cheek, both
siblings started to cry. Pinky assured them he was all right and reached out to
hold their hands. Squeezing the digits tight, he once again dozed off to sleep.
Pinky woke the next morning spread eagle still on the bed. In his ass and penis
he felt a dull pain. His wrists and ankles where tied to corner posts by
leather straps. Calling for his sister and brother, Paul came over to him and
stroked his cheek. Gregor walked on the other side and told Paul to release
Pinky. As the boy rose from the bed he found a large tube had been implanted in
his piss hole. Another larger tube was jutting out from his ass. Gregor looked
at him and smiled.

"Both tubes have been surgically implanted. If you try to pull them out you'll
suffer great damage internally. We've also implanted other little toys in your
breasts, ass and balls. Show him the remote Paul."

Paul picked up a small box from the night-stand and showed it to Pinky. It had
two buttons and a row of small lights. Gregor continued.

"The first button will bring you great joy by stimulating your sex organs. The
longer the button is pressed the more horny you'll feel until you finally cum.
The second button, unfortunately, brings great pain in the same manner.
Displease me or my guests and we'll soon find out how much agony you can
endure. Now, let me show you around my garden."

Still naked, with hoses dangling from his privates, Pinky and Paul followed
Gregor out into the garden.
Passing beautiful gardens and fountains they came to a long walkway with
life-size plaster statues on either side. One side had nude men in various
poses. The other side had nude women. Gregor stopped at the last nude male
statue. Taking up a small device on the statues base, he continued.

"These are my specialty. Inside each one is a living person. They're fed
through tubes. I command each one through one of these. I have final control
over their bodily functions. Pinky, go over and suck on the plaster dick."

Pinky went over and did as he was told. Gregor pushed a button on the remote
and waited. One by one a row of green lights started to go on. As the last
light lit Gregor smiled and looked at Paul. To Pinky's surprise a thick load of
cum sprang from the erect opening. Pinky swallowed hard as the white ooze kept
spasming forth. Finally done, Pinky released his suction on the phallus and
turned towards Paul. Gregor got angry and ordered Pinky to continue sucking on
the white penis. Pinky complied and Gregor pushed another button. Within
seconds a warm stream of piss flooded Pinky's mouth. Pinky tried in vain to
gulp the heavy stream down. Some piss flowed out from his mouth and down his
bare breasts. Gregor caught a glimpse of piss dripping down Pinky's penal tube.


"I didn't say to spit the piss out! That's going to cost you! Get off the dick
and put your mouth on his ass!"

As Pinky went around the statue he placed his mouth over a hole between the
statues cheeks. Gregor came up behind him, grabbed his hair and held his face
tight against the plaster ass. Pushing a third button, the
hole started spurting out gobs of thick brown fluid. Pinky started choking as
the vile stench flowed down his throat. Gregor moved Pinky's head back slightly
and let the brown sauce cover his face.  Moving him back more the stench gushed
over his breasts and stomach. The deluge finally stopped and Pinky, still
gagging, looked like he was dipped in chocolate. Gregor ordered Pinky to lie
down face up on the grass.
Taking a seat on a thickly padded bench Gregor then ordered Paul to go over by
Pinky and kneel down.
As Gregor looked on, he told Paul to suck on Pinky's toes and work his way up
the body. He didn't want to see a trace of brown left on Pinky. Paul did, as
was told and sucked Pinky's toes. Licking between them he lapped up the brown
sauce. Moving up Pinky's body he paid special care around his ass and penis.
Pinky tried to lay motionless but Paul's tongue on his cock caused him to hump
slightly. Even with the vile odor he was becoming aroused. Paul realized this
and held Pinky's cock as his tongue continued to move up his body. As Paul
started licking Pinky's nipples his hand stroked Pinky's shaft. Paul's mouth
finally found Pinky's and they sucked long and hard on each other's tongues.
With Paul's vigorous hand Pinky soon came and shot sperm over Paul's smooth
back. Continuing now up the head, Paul licked and sucked Pinky's forehead.
Gregor was very amused.

"You can stop now Paul. Good show! Jerking off Pinky was a nice touch, even
though I didn't order it. Your punishment will be light. As for you Pinky, I
can't wait to see your pretty body twist in pain! Paul take that hose and clean
yourself up. When we get inside you can use the steam room." 

Paul took a nearby hose and washed both of them clean. As the trio walked back,
Pinky noticed that one female statue had ridges running down her breasts.
Gregor noticed his curiosity and stopped before her. The woman had a ghastly
look of pain on her face. Unlike the other statues, there were no holes or
slits at her cunt, nose or ass. Gregor explained.

"That's sadist Sue. She died around a year ago. Out of all my statues, she's
the only one that I fully encased in plaster. Let's have a seat and I'll tell
you boys her story."

*****  Sues Tale *****

Sue was a particularly sadistic prison matron down in South America. She took
great delight in torturing women and children. Sometimes she would do this in
front of their husbands hoping to wring out  confessions. Most of the time it
was for punishment or, just for fun. Her favorite device was a cattle prod,
which she used liberally up pussies and asses. Another fun toy was a pair of
pliers with which she extracted nipples, teeth and the occasional clit.
Children, even young ones, were forced to eat her pussy. Many a child's virgin
holes were permanently damaged with large dildos and wooden spikes. One day,
as fate would have it, she pissed off the wrong people. I got a call from my
Latin America contact asking if I wanted a slave to torture and kill. Normally
I don't pay for people I intend to get rid of, but after hearing her story I
decided to make an exception. She was delivered to me in fairly good shape. For
the first few months I used her as a model, instructing my friends on the
proper way to whip and beat a slave.
Hardly an inch of her skin wasn't either bruised or had deep welts. I had
intended to let her heal, before I resumed the beatings, until she tried to
escape. At that point I turned her over to Janice. One night a special show was
held in my theater. Sue was wheeled out on a gurney. Her legs and feet were
tightly bound to stirrups, giving easy access to her cunt. The rest of her body
was encased in heavy straps except for her well proportioned breasts which hung
over her bonds. After locking the gurney securely to the floor, Janice
addressed the audience.

"Here you see a wicked and evil person who took delight in torturing children.
This is clearly against our rules. For this she is sentenced to a slow death. I
will now re-create an old torture method known as the basket. Her wounds will
not be treated. Eventually she will die from them or we will have mercy and
kill her. She has been given an injection to keep her awake during her ordeal.
If any men wish they may fuck her as I proceed. Vaginal muscle contractions
under torture can be quite intense." 

Four or five men took their place in front of Sue's cunt. Janice put in
earplugs and wheeled over a table containing a wicker basket. Pulling the gag
out of Sue's mouth, the girl started begging for mercy. Janice just smiled and
extracted a long, thick needle from the basket. It was around seven inches and
had a hole at one end. She then took out a spool of course hemp and threaded it
through the hole. Ignoring Sues cries for mercy, she motioned the first man to
start fucking her cunt. As he worked his dick up her hole, Janice pierced the
base of the woman's breast with the needle. Sue screamed in agony. Janice
slowly worked the needle through the soft flesh till it came out the other
side. She continued pulling the needle through the other end until the rope was
completely through the breast. Taking scissors she cut the rope off the spool.
As the mans shaft rammed faster and faster up her hole, Janice took both ends
of the rope and crossed them over her nipple. Sue's ungodly scream pierced the
air as Janice pulled both ends tight, severely restricting the breast. She then
made a knot over the nipple as the first man moaned his orgasm. Sue's face was
flush with sweat and tears as the second man took his place. Janice meanwhile
again threaded the needle and pierced Sue on the other side of the breast. With
Sue screaming uncontrollably, Janice pulled the needle through and again
threaded the chord through the bleeding flesh. Pulling tight and making another
knot over the tender nipple. She continued this till twelve loops of hemp had
encased her breast. 
It was obvious now why they called this basket torture, since Sues breast
resembled a basket with raw flesh squeezed between the ropes. By this time
three more men with cocks at the ready joined Janice on stage. She gave Sue a
few minutes of peaceful agony before starting on the other breast. When Sue saw
her reach for the needle again she screamed anew, and a stream of piss let
loose from her pussy drenching the next man in line. The audience started
laughing and Janice went back to her work. As each successive needle pierced
the flesh, Sues cries grew dimmer. Her vocal chords had froze up and,
eventually, could only scream in silence. Finally finished, Janice waited for
the last man to cum. Taking a small whip she beat the girl's breasts hoping her
screams would return. Sue still suffered in silence. The show being over Sue
was wheeled back to her room. For the next six days she suffered greatly as the
breasts swelled around the course hemp and infection set in. Every few hours a
video was made of her suffering. Finally she was taken to my plaster room and
encased as you see her now. An everlasting monument to the cruelty of man. 

Pinky and Paul were visibly shaken by the story. Following Gregor they went
quietly back to the main house. Once inside Gregor left and Paul led Pinky to
the steam room. Inside was an old fat man lying on a bench. He motioned the
boys over and instructed them to suck his cock. Hardly three inches long the
boys took turns sucking the tiny prick down. Try as they might the penis
wouldn't grow. Finally the man kicked them away and left. Pinky and Paul spent
the next half-hour sucking on each other's dicks and caressing their smooth
bodies. Leaving the steam room, they went to Paul's bed and lied on the soft
comforter. Nibbling on each other's tits and intertwining their soft tongues,
they fell asleep in each other's arms.




Pinky - Forever (Part 5)

Paul and myself had a great two days together. We sucked and fucked constantly
on the big soft bed. Paul's body is so young and tender. I get erect just
thinking about his soft flesh next to mine. At first the hoses protruding from
me were a real hassle. Now they're only an inconvenience, as Paul and myself
learned to make love around them. Our sister joined us yesterday for dinner in
my room. She had to leave suddenly when she was summoned by Gregor's son. It
seems he loves periods and my sister has an unusually heavy flow. She's not
allowed to use Tampons now. Her discharge is captured in a "menstrual cup" that
she inserts up her pussy. I didn't want to know where the kept "blood" finally
ends up. Gregor sent a servant by a few hours ago with a message. It seems he
has some duties he wants me to perform.  I await his arrival with fear and
uncertainty.

"Come on Pinky! Move those feet! I need to get away and want to take care of
this matter before I go!"

Gregor was rushing me down a large hallway as he spoke. My tubes bounced from
my prick and ass, as I hurried to keep up. Finally we arrived at a large room.
It was beautifully furnished with three large cradles in one corner. In the
other corner was an oversized bed. Two naked women rocked the cradles while
another woman breast fed on the bed. 

"Linda this is Pinky. From now on he�s your slave. I�m leaving you his remote
and my favorite whip. I expect you to use both of them freely."

Gregor turned and quickly walked out the door. I was left standing there
looking at the young woman.

"Well hello Pinky. I�m Linda. Welcome to your new home. That�s my mother Gail
and our friend Claire. This little fellow trying to suck the life out of me is
Mike. My other son is Sam. My mom�s daughter is Julia. I�ve been asking Gregor
for help for quite some time. I�m happy to see he�s finally given you to me."

Linda sounded very sweet. I walked over to her son lying in the cradle. He was
dark brown. Much darker than the baby in Linda�s arms. The little girl also had
dark brown skin.

"If you�re wondering their fathers are both black. Every few weeks they come to
see us and their children. I�m sure you�ll get to know them very well. For now
you�ll be sleeping by the cradles. I think I�ll have those ghastly tubes
removed. I�ll keep the remote though, just in case." 
 
Linda and the girls all laughed. That was the start of my new servitude. The
next day I had my tubes removed by the doctor. For the next week things were
pretty routine. I fed and changed the babies and overall acted like a Nanny.
One day two huge black men came into the nursery. They played with the babies
then turned their attention to the women. Linda and Gail lay next to each other
on the hard bed as the two men drilled their massive cocks into their pussies.
I�ve never in my life seen dicks as big as those. I thought for sure Linda
would be split open. They appeared like rag dolls in the hands of the huge men.
Screams and moans filled the air as the sweaty bodies collided. Finally both
men came and let go of their fuck dolls. Laying exhausted both girls continued
to moan. One of the men eyed me in the corner and told me to come over and suck
his dick clean. I passively walked over, dropped down to my knees and took his
member in my hands. Even flaccid it was a monster. My tongue licked it�s head
clean before I passed the round bulb into my mouth. As I sucked the last drops
of cum out I felt, to my horror, the thing growing inside me. Afraid I would
gag, I slid my lips off the monster. The man became angry. 

"What the hell did you stop for boy! I was just getting hard again! Come on and
get your pretty mouth back on my pole!"

The huge man took my head and shoved it onto his dick. His giant hands
completely encircled me. Linda and her mom looked on in amusement.

"In case you�re wondering Pinky, our two pseudo husbands have been altered by
Gregor�s lab. They can get multiple erections and their sperm is very potent.
Right now our bellies are growing their next set of babies. Me and mom don�t
mind you playing with them for awhile. After all, you should have some fun
too."

By this time the cock in my mouth was close to choking me. I wasn�t gagging,
but I found it hard to breathe. The giant finally let go of my head and I fell
to the floor. The other giant wasted no time. He picked me up like I was
weightless and laid me face up on a nearby table. Taking my ankles he roughly
forced them down to my head. The other man came over and, waving his dick over
my eyes, got behind me and held my ankles tightly over my face. I grimaced at
what I knew was to come. With a big grin, the giant at my ass took a finger and
worked it up my bottom. Poking and wiggling the huge digit worked it�s way in.
It had to have been six inches long. Pushing and probing the finger finally was
all the way in. Linda and Claire cheered him on as he began to fuck my ass with
the thick digit. In and out the finger flew. My shit was acting as lube as the
tempo increased. Finally satisfied he withdrew it with a loud pop. Coated with
shit, he quickly wiped it clean on my stomach. I thought he might be through
till I felt a huge dome at my puckered entrance. Pushing hard, my ass strained
to keep the intruder out. It was no use, the monster finally rammed through my
sphincter and I cried out in pain. I could feel the flesh around my ass split
as the dick slid inside. Deeper and deeper into my bowels the creature
advanced. Stretching my walls like a wedge, I could feel my insides expand. I
was in a constant state of moans, from pleasure and pain, as the assault
finally stopped. Feeling his giant balls and rough pubic hair against my skin,
I awaited my fate. The three girls were delirious with lust as they cheered the
giant on. The dick of the one still holding my ankles, now reached past my
chin. How I wished now I had made him cum. Claire came over and squeezed a load
of lubricant on my stomach were the pieces of shit lay. With both giants
staring, and the monster still deep in my ass, she took her finger and mixed
the brown goo in with the clear lubricant. She then took my hands and smeared
them in the smelly mixture. Kissing the huge dick dangling over me, she took my
greasy hands and placed them over the shaft. I immediately started to stroke
the huge cylinder. As I stroked the huge dick the one in my ass started to
stir. Grabbing my hips, the giant at my ass started his fucking motion. I was
half stroking the cock and trying to hold on as my body convulsed. Every time
the dick rammed into me it was like a jack hammer against my body. My ass was
on fire from the constant pounding, which lifted me off the table. My own dick
was at full mast from the constant friction against my prostate. Linda came
over and pinched my hormone enlarged breasts. My moans increased their
intensity with each tweak of my nipples. The giant at my head now started to
fuck my hands, as his hips pushed in rhythm to my rear assault. Taking my feet
up to his mouth, he inserted my toes and began to suck and lick my little
digits. Alternating feet he sucked and bit at my tender flesh. Finally I felt
the monster in my ass grow even larger. Lodged deep in my belly, the sperm shot
out in huge spurts. This pushed me over the edge as my own prick gushed forth
it�s seed. The shaft in my hand soon followed as cum shot on my chest and
stomach, mixing with my own sticky juice. My feet dripped with saliva, as they
finally were let go. The girls marveled at my ass opening, as the huge prick
finally slid out. Linda pushed her small hand in, but I could hardly feel it. I
knew, eventually, the hole would close. The two black men helped me down off
the table. Sore and dripping with cum, I collapsed on the rug. The giant who
was in my ass congratulated me on a great fuck. Presenting his shit covered
dick to me for cleaning, I eagerly licked his magnificent colossus. The two men
kissed the babies goodbye and walked out. I crawled to my corner and rested.

A few months have now gone by. The black gods make a point of playing with me
whenever they come over. Linda and Gail�s bellies are growing bigger. Sometimes
I think their jealous of the time the black men spend with me. As the baby�s
grow they seem to cry more and more for milk. One day Linda takes me to see
Bob.

Walking down the hall we pass many doors. Some have large windows exposing the
people inside. On others the windows are dark. Linda opens the door of this one
room at the end of the hall. Inside a man in chains is anchored to a brick
wall. He�s wearing some sort of cock harness. His most striking feature though,
are his gigantic breasts. Reaching down to the floor, they seem to consume his
chest. The man is very quiet and shy. Linda unlocks his chains and orders him
to stand. She tells me to grab onto his breasts so he�s able to walk. Scooping
up the mounds is no easy task and Linda decides to help. Holding his breasts we
walk over to a table in the corner. It is very long and has two large holes cut
out of it. Telling Bob to "lie down" Linda instructs me to guide his breast
into the hole. Linda does the same on her end. With both breasts dangling
straight down through the table, Linda takes straps and secures Bob�s back,
head, thighs and legs. Linda then takes a large paddle from the wall and starts
to smack Bob�s ass. Slowly at first but then harder, the loud "SMACKS" rang
out. Bob�s eyes teared from the punishment. Low moans were heard from his
mouth. Sweaty and in a frenzy, Linda next brings the paddle down on the large
breasts dangling through the holes. Like a bitch in heat the woman swings with
all her might at the massive globes. The flesh jiggles like jelly and turns a
bright red from the blows. I finally work up the courage to stop the beating,
afraid that the skin might tear. Linda looks at me, her eyes full of tears. In
my shoulder she sobs as Bob cries from the beating. 

"I�m sorry Pinky. You have no idea what this man tried to do to me and my
mother. It�s his fault that I�m here. Sometimes I just get carried away. I
brought you here to show you a new chore. From now on every day you�re to come
her and milk him for me. Let me show you how."

Regaining her composure, Linda went to the corner and brought out a machine
with two hoses attached.
Each hose had a large cup on it. Bending down she placed the cups against the
nipples of Bob�s breasts. Turning on the machine, she let them go. I could see
Bob�s tits being pulled into the cups. Like a vacuum the machine sucked hard,
then soft, against the pink buds. Eventually I could see a clear, whitish
liquid run down the hoses. Bob moaned softly. I imagined his dick getting hard
but unable to release his charge under the cruel cock cage. It took almost half
an hour for a quart of milk to collect in the machine. Linda showed me how to
turn it on and off. Leaving Bob on the table we left with the warm nectar.
Linda assured me someone would be in soon to inject him with Gregor�s special
hormones, then release him from his bounds.  

Every day at noon I went to milk Bob. The babies really liked their new
"mothers" milk. Even though Linda told me to beat Bob, to make the milk flow
better. I quickly found that a warm ass massage gave much better results. Bob
started to talk to me as a friend. He confided that Gregor killed his wife and
daughter. He told how he was made into a female cow freak for the amusement of
Gregor�s guests. After a time I milked Bob while he sat on the floor. This was
more comfortable than the hard table. Bob explained that the injections he
received made him very horny. With his cock constantly in a harness there was
little relief. Gregor left the cock cage key purposely on the wall above his
head. It was torture to know it was there, yet his arms were to weak from the
injections to even reach for it. One day I decided to release Bob from his
cage. Making a pact with him to never tell, I inserted the key and unbolted the
tortuous device. As Bob was milked I bent down and took his dick into my mouth.
Bob cried he was so happy. While he moaned in joy, I worked my expert tongue
around his dick. Drawing in his penis I sucked the pee hole till gobs of cum
erupted in my mouth. I never in my life swallowed so much cum. His breasts were
gushing milk as the bottle overflowed onto the floor. I quickly re-did the
harness and put back the key. Every day, for over a month, the routine was the
same. Bob really looked forward to my visits. Then one day it all ended. 

I was in the middle of giving Bob his daily blowjob when the door opened. In
walked a woman, I hadn�t seen before, followed by one of the doctors.    

"Hello Pinky, I�m Janice. Perhaps you�ve heard of me. The doctor here told me
about the change in Bob�s attitude these last few weeks. Since the only person
who visits him on a regular basis is you. It wasn�t difficult to figure out
what was going on. It looks like we were right. Stand up! I�ve been told you�ve
never been tortured by your implants. Now is a good time start."

With an evil grin Janice brought out my controller. Standing straight, I braced
myself for the pain. At first I felt a small discomfort in my breasts and
balls. That soon turned into a searing fire. It felt like my skin was being
branded. I fell to the ground and wreathed in agony. My cries of anguish filled
the room as the fire spread throughout my body. Flailing on the ground, pee
trickled out my prick and shit oozed from my ass. I started to vomit as my head
throbbed between my hands. Finally it was over. The fire in me subsided. I laid
panting on the floor, soiled by my own discharge. Bob looked at me in horror as
Janice continued to grin.

"Get used to it Pinky. There�s a lot more with that came from. We don�t take
the breaking of rules lightly around here. Gregor is coming back tomorrow. I�m
sure he�ll have an inventive way of dealing with you. Bob, you see, holds a
special place in Gregor�s heart."

The doctor then ushered me out of the room. I was taken down a flight of stairs
and thrown into a small cage. There I waited in darkness and fear, for Gregor
to arrive. After what seemed like days, someone finally came for me. It was a
young girl. She took my hand and lead my numb body up the stairs. We traveled
out past the garden into a hothouse. Gregor was there tending to his Roses. My
body was shaking in anticipation of what was to come.

"Well Pinky, it seems like a lot has happened since I�ve been away. I heard
about your little trysts with Bob. Maybe you weren�t aware that he tried to
steal a large sum of money from me. Under different circumstances you would be
in a whole lot of trouble for what you�ve done. However, things are a bit more
complicated now. It seems that your sister is pregnant. The father is my only
son. I�ve been praying for an heir for a long time. The doctors have tried for
years to help things along. It appears that your sister finally succeeded.
What�s even better, at least for you, is that my son is in love with her. Their
marriage is scheduled for next month. Seeing as how we�re going to be related,
your status here has changed. You, and Paul, are no longer slaves to this
house. You�ll have your own bedroom and servants. In the morning I�ll arrange
to have your implants removed. Before all this happens however, I must punish
you for Bob. After it�s over  you�ll be a free man. Now bend over and hold your
knees."

My head was spinning from what I heard. The multitude of thoughts were short
circuited as Gregor stood before me and shoved his prick in my mouth. I
naturally started to suck and lick the head. My happy thoughts returned as I
realized what a pleasant punishment this was. They soon vanished when I heard
Gregor shout to the young girl.

"Use the one I�ve just cut. The long one with all the thorns. Be gentle when
you pull it off his bottom. I don�t want to tear his flesh too much. Remember,
I want ten good whacks or else your next!"

My eyes began to tear as I realized my fate. The first blow hit like a red hot
whip. My cries were muffled by the prick growing down my throat. The second
blow was even worse. My ass felt like it was being ripped open by hot knives. I
could feel the blood dripping down my legs. With the third and fourth hits
Gregor started to hump my face. The fifth and sixth blows had him grab my head
and fuck in earnest. My tears dripped onto the floor. I could now feel the
blood seeping under my toes. Blows seven and eight hit close to my balls and I
jerked in agony. Panting heavily, Gregor came as number nine struck. One of the
cruel thorns must have dislodged. I felt small fingers come and extract the
fiery piece of hell. As cum continued to ooze down inside me. Gregor pulled
completely out and walked behind me. I hoped he had lost count when, suddenly,
I felt the tenth blow. It came down hard and vicious. The force was so great I
screamed and fell to the floor. Looking up I saw Gregor with the branch in his
hand. What was left of the thorns, were dripping blood. My ass throbbed from
the pain. Gregor silently left. I heard the girl call for the doctor before I
passed out.

I awoke to a small kiss on my cheek. Looking up I saw my sister. Her sweet face
was radiant. Standing next to here was Paul. My ass felt very sore.

"The doctor says you�ll be good as new in a few days. Some of your wounds
required stitches. The pills he gave you will ease the pain and fight any
infection. Turn over darling so I can change your dressing."

I turned on my stomach and felt soft hands take away my bandages. A warm gel
was applied to my sore cheeks. Both of them massaged the soothing liquid into
my ravaged skin.

"Gregor said he told you I was pregnant and getting married. Isn�t it
wonderful! Next month I�ll be a bride. Five months later I�ll be a Mommy! I
can�t believe how well things have worked out!"

Paul and myself eagerly agreed.

***** Epilogue *****

It�s been almost a year since my last beating. All the babies are born. My
sister had a beautiful boy. Both Gail and Linda had girls. I asked the doctor
to make me produce milk, just like Bob. I get such a wonderful feeling holding
my nephew as he suckles at my breast. I even visit Linda and Gail to help them
out with the feedings. Paul and me sleep together almost every night. Our
bodies never seem to tire of intertwining with each other in a 69. We drift off
to sleep with our spent dicks in each others mouths. In the morning we awake to
the gentle sucking of our heads. We lovingly take our morning piss inside each
other. Every so often my black friends come to call. Paul and I squat side by
side as the monster dicks fill our asses. Afterwards we again 69 and lick the
warm dripping cum from our open holes. I still visit Bob but don�t release him
anymore. Life is too good now to tempt fate. I do rub and play with his massive
tits. I know now what he feels as the milk builds up and is sucked out. My
36D�s are no match for his, but we enjoy rubbing our nipples against each
other. My sister told us yesterday she is pregnant again. I guess we�ll all be
staying here forever. As my mom used to say, "Forever is a very long time."

The END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ed


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





