BDSM Library - Manx




Manx
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: David's father left him 150 million dollars but he has to be a good boy to his young stepmother. And she made him obey her every order.
MANX: S&M, Fm, ffm, NC, Severe CBT

dashro 
kanashin (kanashin@hotmail.com)




MANX

Chapter 1.

David got off the plane, this was his first time in the Manx Islands, even
though his whole family was from there originally.   He had to come here to get
his father's inheritance.  The old man had left half of his money to him, his
only surviving direct descendent and half to his current wife. The wife he had
taken was only 22 when they had gotten married and was only 27 now. It was
obvious she had just sexed the old man for his money, but, a share of 160
million was worth a little discomfort.  His dad had been ill for years and had
finally succumbed to his illness. So at age nineteen he should inherit at least
eighty million dollars, whereupon he would party for the rest of his life!

His guardian (not step mother, there had been no adoption)  was there to pick
him up from the windswept little airfield that was the islands only normal means
of entrance or exit.  He was in his normal "rich bastard" mode. Kathlyn was her
name, she was wearing all black of course, though the skirt was cut a bit short. 
The chauffeur drove them directly to the funeral.  David refused to believe her
story that she had truly been in love.  He hadn't gotten on well with his father
either so he really didn't believe anyone else would either.  All this crap
about  responsibility, respect" and shit.  Screw them all he thought, he would
have his now.  The funeral was short. He really didn't pay much attention, he
was glad the old man was gone, now he would get his.

After the funeral they drove in silence back to the old family mansion. The
reading of the will would be tomorrow. Kathlyn claimed to know nothing about
what was in the will, so they went on down the winding road to the old mansion. 
David did have a pleasant surprise at the house though.  A cute french maid,
buxom and dark, her name Cleo.  David couldn't resist pinching her ass, what a
riot! She squeaked a bit, but said nothing. Kathlyn glared at him, like she
owned the place or something. What a bitch, he thought.

David woke up about noon as usual, got up and strolled downstairs, telling the
kitchen staff to make him some "waffles, and a western omelet, NOW!"  They would
have to get used to his habits now that he was around.  With that cute little
french tart, he may stay a bit longer than he had at first planned.  The reading
of the will was to be at 2:00PM. He got there about 2:20, it took him a while to
shower and all. 

When he got there, an old fart lawyer said, "Very well, we can get started now."
He took out a large manilla legal sized envelope and extracted the contents. 
"The will reads thus,

 I William T. Stenwell being of sound mind but not so sound body, do hereby
bequeath the following. 

To my faithful chauffeur Charles Gentway: $250,000.00 and first pick of any of
my auto's
To my gardener James Samford: $140,000.00, and the winter house in Lyons.
To chief of the house staff, Liza Crummer: $360,000.00 and the house in Leeds.
To my associate Deacon Stane: $2,000,000.00 and half interest in the "Gilt Wing"
project.
To my advisor and attorney, Dean Renault: $400,000.00.
To my young wife Kathlyn Stenwell, who has made my final years pleasant and
happy:
     The estate and all grounds and properties on the Manx Islands,
     Half interest in the "Gilt Wing" project.
     One half of my remaining cash, bonds and securities totaling
$150,000,000.00.
To my son David, who has been a thorn in my side I leave the other half of my
remaining bonds securities and cash on the following conditions.  He must live
in the family house in Manx until he has reached the age of majority which is
21.  He must at that time be deemed a responsible, industrious and sensible
young man, by the my wife Kathlyn.  He must submit to her will and correction at
all times during this period.  If at the end of this period he fails to win her
approval his entire inheritance will be placed in trust.  He and any of his
descendants will receive $3000.00 per month pension for the rest of their days. 
To assist Kathlyn Mr. Renault's assistant, Stephanie Carruthers is assigned. 
Her duty is to fine David $100,000.00 for each and every time she sees David
disobey an order from Kathlyn.  This money goes in to a fund that Kathlyn can
use any way she see's fit to encourage David to good behavior.

Kathlyn, I expect you to use every method available to put some sense into this
young mans head.'

David was stunned. The old bastard had reached from the grave to snatch his
freedom, however temporarily. He would have to be a good boy for a couple years,
then he would be free to party.
Or maybe he could be very bad, and get his money even earlier!




MANX
Chapter 2.

That evening at dinner, Kathlyn introduced Stephanie to David.  Stephanie was
about 5'10" tall with short straight black hair, she was wearing a dark grey
business skirt, and jacket. Despite her business like demeanor David thought she
was a babe, and decided he might try charming her.  Kathlyn then presented him
with a list of do's and don'ts for the first week.  She explained that she
planned to start off gradually, then as he succeeded with these the assignments
would become more stringent.

Requirements                                      Penalties
     Talking back                                      1
     Rude behavior                                2
     Vulgar language                                   2-5
     Tardy for breakfast: 8:00 AM every day.                3
     Tardy for lunch at 12:00 NN every day.                 3
     Tardy for dinner at 5:00 PM every day.                 3
     Tardy for study session from 1:00 to 4:30 each day.              5
     Violating Curfew                                  8
     Smoking                                      10
     Tardy for punishment at 9:00 PM every day.                  10
     Refusal to accept punishment.                     10
     Drinking Alcohol                                  10
     Keep room tidy                               1 to 10
     Vulgar behavior                                   5-25
     Absent from study session                              25
     Having Sex,                                       30
     Destruction of property                           5-50
     Misdemeanor                                       50
     Felony                                            100

"Now David, this is not a complete list, I can add or subtract from it as I
wish."

"What are the numbers for?"

"They are penalty numbers, at the end of the day I will total them, I may
forgive you some points or I may not it depends on your overall behavior.  We
will have a graduated punishment scale. For instance, up to 5 may be dealt with
through swats, up to ten maybe swats and grounding. Accordingly higher numbers
mean more severe punishment.

"No Fucking Way!" was David's reply.

Kathryn was very calm, "That is a penalty of five, David.  You will see that
this is not very productive.  Your weekly allowance will be $50. I can reduce it
as a punishment as well."

"Fuck you bitch!" David retorted as he stormed out of the room.

When 8:55 PM rolled around Cleo appeared at his door and informed him that it
was time go and see Kathryn.  He didn't want to but decided that he would just
to show her that he didn't have to do what she said.

So there he was at 9:00 in the library to see Kathlyn.  Stephanie was there as
well.  "David, today you have accumulated 11 penalty points.  I have decided
that this warrants 11 strokes with a belt to your buttocks.  You can keep your
trousers up for all but the last one.  Now I warn you if you refuse, you will
incur another 10 penalty points."

"Yes, I refuse."  He stated.

At this point Stephanie interjected. "That will be a $100,000 deduction."

"Well if you are done now." He turned to go.

"David Stop, turn back around and accept your spanking!"

He took another step and Stephanie said, "That will be another $100,000.00!"

He turned, "Hey, you can't do that!"

"Yes, I can, every time you disobey that is another violation."

Now he was caught and he knew it, they could chew through his money like a
buzzsaw if he didn't submit to this.  "Okay, okay, eleven swats one bare."

"No, now it will be eleven swats, one bare, and forfeiture of one weeks
allowance."

He was about to say something, but then thought better of it, He would take his
swats.

The first five were pretty light, but the next two stung a bit, she was tiring
though and the last three he barely felt. He pulled his pants down in the back,
leaving his boxers exposed, he felt two thumbs hook into the waist band and pull
them down too.  He was really embarrassed, two grown women spanking him, bent
over with his red ass poking out.

"WHAP!!"

"Ooooowwww, Geeeeee!" He pulled his trousers up, and as dignified as possible
left the library to go to his room.  He reviewed his performance, out
$200,050.00, 11 swats and the last one a burner and complete humiliation.  Not
stellar, he had to admit.




MANX
Chapter 3.
He woke up at 8:30 to a shower and went downstairs for breakfast. There was a
sandwich and some juice on the table along with a note. "Penalty 3."  Great, his
day was off to a great start!  He ate the sandwich and slugged down the juice.
Then he went to the den and watched TV for a while, he made it to lunch on time.
And even made it to the study session.

When he got there a librarianish woman probably about 30 was there to give him
placement tests. Her name was Linda, she had long brown hair, but it was in a
bun.  He took all the tests and was done by 4:00.  He went back to his room,
there was a note on the door outlining that his room was a mess 10 penalty
points, total 13. Damn! He thought at least this was Friday so the weekend
should be a lot easier. So he kicked back and finally got up enough nerve to
head down for dinner. At least he was on time for that.

Dinner was grand, roast beef, some veggies, which he mostly ignored, and a soda
to top it off.  Kathlyn asked him how his day was going. He replied it could be
better, but he was getting by. He slouched in front of the TV again, when he
thought to look the clock read 8:57 PM.  He hustled over to the library and made
it with seconds to spare!

Kathlyn greeted him quietly.  She announced that he had failed to clear his
plate of food at dinner, that constituted rude behavior for another 2 penalty.
"I was going to give you points off for your room if you had cleaned it after
the penalty, but instead you did nothing. Your total for the day is 15.  It
makes me too tired to give you that many swats, so we will subsitute.  You will
receive 5 bare swats, and be grounded for this weekend. Please pull down your
trousers and bend over." 

David was really pissed now, he had been planning some fun and getting away time
for the weekend. He unbuttoned his trousers and bent over, but he barely pulled
them down an inch.

"No David, pull them down further!" Kathlyn grated angily. He pulled them down
another inch just to piss her off. "Fine, I'll do it myself!" She grabbed his
belt loops and yanked them down to his knees along with his boxers.  His cock
and balls came tumbling out and jangled in the quiet of the library. Kathlyn
hadn't meant to do that, but now that she had she was slightly embarrassed but
slightly thrilled at seeing the young mans genitals

WHAP! "Uuuh!"
WHAP! "Uuuuh!"
WHAP! "Oooohhh!"
WHAP! "Owww!"
WWHHAAPP!! "DAMN!" 
Kathlyn, couldn't help but watch his balls bounce when she hit him in the ass.
"And this one is for vulgar language."
WWHHHAPPP!!! "OWWWW!"

David gingerly pulled up his trousers. This jostled his cock and balls even more
as Kathlyn ogled his goodies, fortunately for her he had closed his eyes for the
moment in pain.  Then she sent him off to sleep.

He got back to his room and stripped off his clothes. He hated being exposed
like that, yet it was somewhat exhilirating, "Must be the adrenaline." he
thought. He turned down the lights and laid down in the bed, soon he was beating
himself off and finally he came into the extra pillow.  He tossed it onto the
floor, and went to sleep.

He woke up late for breakfast again, he threw on a robe and charged down stairs,
when he got there everyone was having breakfast and there was already a note by
his plate, 3 more penalty points, just great. He ate breakfast glumly, clearing
his plate this time.

Kathlyn informed him that he would be assisting in the garage today from 10 AM
to 4 PM.

"What about lunch?" He inquired.

"I will bring lunch out for you about noon. Your room will be inspected in the
afternoon."

David headed up to his room immediately after breakfast, he had to clean up his
room and get down to the garage.  The pillow had a big cum stain on it. He put
the stain on the underside when he made his bed, and threw his dirty clothes in
the hamper. A couple of other little touch ups and he headed down to the garage.

He was put to basic maintenance washing a polishing the fleet of beautiful cars. 
He especially liked the little M2 convertible there.  Suddenly Kathlyn was there
and asked him if he was enjoying his smoke?  He had completely forgotten smoking
was forbidden, Shit!  "I'm sorry, guess I forgot." This was the first time he
had seen her wearing shorts she did have nice legs!

"Well, it is still 10 more penalty points, here is your lunch. Have a nice
afternoon."  He did have a nice afternoon, though he was pretty filthy by the
afternoon.  When he got back to his room at 4 he was surprised to find a note
there.  It read:

     "Penalties:
          Tardy for Breakfast           3
          Smoking in Garage             10
          dust on vanity                1
          tooth paste in sink           1
          hair in shower                1
          stain on pillow               5
          vulgar behavior (stain)       15
          ------------------------------          ------
          Total:                        36

Dinner was spent in total silence, he knew he was in trouble, he did clean up
his room the rest of the way but still, 36 was a high total!

At nine that evening he was on time in the library. Kathlyn was wearing a long
linen dress and her curls hung down by her face in a very cute fashion, but her
words were hard.  "David, for smoking I forgive you 5 points, and for 3 penalty
points on your room, since you did clean them up later." However, that still
leaves 28 points. You have done very poorly, you have no more money and you have
already been grounded for the weekend. Even if I do the swats bare bottomed that
will be 14, and I don't need the exercise that much. Can you think of an
appropriate way we can punish you other than swats."

"No Kathlyn." he said dejectedly.

"Okay then, pull down your pants and bend over for your swats."

David exposed his buttocks and bent over, but Kathlyn said, "No, down to your
knees like last time."  He sighed and dropped the pants to his knees. He was
about to bend over when kathlyn said.  "Take them all the way off and we will
cut the punishment to 9 strokes."  David removed the pants and shorts entirely,
Kathlyn made him hold his ankles and keep his feet a shoulder width apart.

Whap! "Oh!" Well that first one was easy at least. Kathlyn was standing behind
him watching his cock hang down between his legs, it had to be atleast 9 inches
she thouhgt!
Whap! Whap! WHAP! "OOOwwwww!"  She loved to watch his balls dance!
WHAP! "OW!" This one was high on his hips.
WHAP! "OuCH!" This one low accoss his upper thighs.
WHAP! "OUCH!" "This one directly over his balls, boy they really bounced!
WWHHAAPP! "UHHH!" Now the last one for some reason she was trying to hit his
balls. If she tried just the right angle and length with the belt.
WHHAAUUPP! "EEEHHHAAAHH! Ohhhh!" Man they really jangled that time! What was
getting in to her??
"Now David get dressed.  We have some new rules and additional penalties for
next week. Here is a list. Notice there are some new offenses and higher
penalties for certain items.  If you do better we might be able to reduce some
of these.  Try to do better."

Requirements                                      Penalties
     Talking back                                 2
Rude behavior                                3
     Vulgar language                                   3-5
     Tardy for lunch at 12:00 NN every day.                 3
     Tardy for dinner at 5:00 PM every day.                 3
     Grades on assignments and test other than A's               1-5
     Tardy for breakfast: 8:00 AM every day.                5
     Tardy for study session from 1:00 to 4:30 each day.              5
     Violating Curfew                                  10
     Drinking Alcohol                                  10
     Smoking                                      12
     Tardy for punishment at 9:00 PM every day.                  15
     Refusal to accept punishment.                     15
     Keep room tidy                               2 to 12
     Vulgar behavior                                   10-25
     Masturbating                                      15
     Absent from study session                              25
     Having Sex,                                       30
     Destruction of property                           5-50
     Misdemeanor                                       50
     Felony                                            100

And by the way, I have posted to the staff a reward of $1,000 for each penalty
point they catch you on.  I can't watch you all the time.





MANX
Chapter 4.

The next week sort of breezed by until Friday.  There were a couple of minor
infractions, but never enough so that he had to take his pants down.  Especially
he found that if he went out on the balcony he could climb over to the balcony
of Cleo's room, he spent three evenings watching change into her night clothes. 
Man she had a luscious body, she was short sure, but curvy in all the right
spots, with a fatty pinchable ass.  She had a nicely trimmed bush too!  He
continued to jack off of course, but he always let go into a hanky now instead
of the pillow, that had been stupid.  Also he had borrowed the M2 to go downtown
on two nights, he had met a cute chick at the pub, her name was Melinda, and she
had great legs and nice hooters too! It was just getting to the point where he
was enjoying life.

Friday just started out bad, he woke up late and was at breakfast late. There
was 5 points there, he could deal with that though.  What killed him was his
studies, on his three subjects he had gotten assignments back with grades of B,
D and F, that was another 9 points the day went down hill from there.  He had
minor room infractions for 3 points. Then the bastard chaffeur had turned him in
for cigarette butts in the car, that was a smoking penalty for 12 more.  He got
stuck behind a train crossing on the way home, so he didn't get into the library
until 9:15, that added another 15 points, for a total of 44 points.

He started to apologize, but Kathlyn just interrupted him and told him to strip
naked this time. "Naked!? No!" He cried.
"Are you refusing punishment?" She asked, eyebrows arched.
"No Ma'am." he said glumly, and he took his clothes off.  Then she asked him,
"What will we do with you?  I could give you 22 swats, but my arm would still be
too tired. Shall I take your allowance? For 5 of those swats."

"No Ma'am, please, I am almost out of money."

"How about grounding for the weekend then?" 

"No Ma'am please, I have a date."

"Well then, let's do this, sit down at this desk and write down 5 severe
punsihments not chores. I will grade them for severity points, then we will put
them in a hat and I will draw them out at random. You get to choose your
punishments David.  But one thing if you don't have the list done in five
minutes we will add another 10 penalty points."

David sat down at the desk and racked his mind, other punishments??  Well she
had hit his balls last time, that was painful and very severe so he wrote that
down.  He decided that he could be spanked with a cane, that was two.  Now how
about if he could get his balls hit, why not his cock too. He was almost out of
time. He saw a 2' ruler on the desk and decided he could get spanked with it. He
had about 10 seconds so he quickly scribbled down that he could be hit in the
balls with the ruler.  He couldn't believe his choices!

Kathlyn picked up the sheet and began grading them. "Hmmm, number one testical
beating with a belt, that should be worth 10 points I guess.  Caning, 4 at most.
Cock beatingwith a belt, hmmm, 6 I think.  Ruler spanking, 3 each. And testicals
being hit with a ruler, that would be 12 I  think.  Now to this list we add
normal spanking for 2.  Okay that gives us 6 choices, one through 6 is
equivalent to a die roll. Here is a die, cast it until we get up to 44 points."
David took the die and looked at it doubtfully. Then he shrugged and rolled it
on the desk.

"A two, a caning, that is 4 points, 40 to go." Kathlyn was a little disappointed
here.

"Oh, a five, bad luck a ruler on the testicals, that's 12 more, and 28 to go." 
Perfect she thought, the best of all!"

"Okay that's a four, a ruler spanking for 3 leaving 25 to go."  Not the best she
thought.

"Ohhh, a one, one belt to the testes for 10, that leaves 15." Perfect again she
thought.

"Owww, another 5, bad luck, that leaves 3. Now you can take a caning to even it
out, or you can gamble it double or nothing. I'll give you a break, if you can
roll a three or higher you are off free, a one or a two and you take the results
of the next roll."  David thought about it for a minute, then said he would take
the gamble and let the die roll.

"A six! You win, that's it. Bend over for the cane."

Wwwhhhhappp! "OHHHHH!" David was glad he didn't take the second cane!

"Now the ruler."

Sswwaapp! "Ow!" She was saving the worst/best for last.

"Now come over to this chair back and hang your testicals over it, yes with one
knee on each side of the chair seat.. And hold your penis out of the way. I have
to put this blind fold over your eyes so you don't jerk out of the way. There,
good, are you ready.  I want you to say this out loud.  I deserve and want you
to hit my testicals.'"

David, was wondering how he got into this position. Kathlyn however, was
drinking in the sight of his submission, naked legs spread and balls ready to be
hit.

"I deserve and want you to hit my testicals." he mumbled.

Kathlyn took the belt and unleashed a good shot at his balls, she caught them
square on.

WWHHAAPP!  "OOHHHH GOSHH!!!! Ohhh ohhh ohh!"

"David get back over the chair and release your balls so we can finish." David
got up and gingerly put his balls over the chair back.

SSWWAapppp! "AUUUGHHGH!"  Kathlyn was proud, he kept his position. But his balls
were retreating up!  She took a gentle hold of them pulling them back down for
the final strike.

SSSWWWAAAPPPP!!!  "AUUUFHFH OHHH! GEEESSSHHH! Ohhhh! Ohhh!'

"Now David, get dressed and go to sleep, you have a busy day tomorrow."

Saturday was much better, he didn't have even one penalty, that was a first!
Still Kathlyn reminded him to come to the library at nine.

"A very good day David, here is your new list."


Requirements                                      Penalties
     Talking back                                      2
     Rude behavior                                3
     Vulgar language                                   4-7
     Tardy for lunch at 12:00 NN every day.                 5
     Tardy for dinner at 5:00 PM every day.                 5
     Grades on assignments and test other than A's               1-5
     Tardy for breakfast: 8:00 AM every day.                5
     Tardy for study session from 1:00 to 4:30 each day.              5
     Violating Curfew                                  10
     Refusal to accept punishment.                     10
     Drinking Alcohol                                  12
     Smoking                                      12
     Tardy for punishment at 9:00 PM every day.                  15
     Keep room tidy                               2 to 12
     Vulgar behavior                                   10-25
     Masturbating                                      20
     Absent from study session                              25
     Having Sex,                                       30
     Destruction of property                           5-50
     Misdemeanor                                       50
     Felony                                            100




MANX
Chapter 5.

The next week went very quietly so quietly in fact that David had two perfect
days. Friday was still a problem for him his assignments came back B, B, D, D,
for a total of 10.  Also Linda the instructor had reported him for saying  Damn'
when he got the two D's. That gave him a total of 14.  Kathlyn told him that he
could choose from the punishments they had discussed last week. But if he took
the ruler to the balls, she would forgive the two points and let him keep his
clothes on.  He decided to take it.

She waited and watched as he unzipped his pants in front of her and hauled out
his cock and balls.  She held his cock out of the way and gave him one swat to
the balls.  She really enjoyed seeing his young cock and balls exposed!

Sswwwapppp!  "Ohh!" That wasn't so bad! Saturday was perfect and that week was
over.  It was the next Saturday that got him in trouble.

He had taken Melinda out to the bar, and they and some friends went back to the
Mansion. Kathlyn had at first excused him from coming to the library at 9:00,
but at 9:30 she came out and asked David to report to the library.  He asked if
it could wait till after Melinda and his friends left and she finally agreed but
at a penalty of 5/hour.

He got there at 10:30 surprisingly Stephanie was there. "Here are your penalties
for today David." Said Kathlyn,

The list read:
     Penalty             Points
     Vulgar Language
          Shit           4
          Piss           4
          Fuck           6
          Cunt           7
     Rude Behavior       3
     Drinking            12
     Smoking             12  
     Vulgar behaviour
          Ass Pinching        15  
     Late penalty             10
     TOTAL               73

Damn! He thought somebody from staff had watched the whole thing! Seventy-Three!

"David, Strip for punishment. Now!" 

"No, not with her here! Besides I didn't do all this!"

Stephanie calmly said, "$100,000.00"

"No, not with her here!!"

Stephanie calmly said, "$100,000.00"

"David that makes, 83 now, do you really want to argue?  Strip now, then we can
talk about the charges."

"No, I want to talk first!"

Stephanie interjected, "Another $100,000."

David stopped and began removing his clothes.  When he was naked, he argued
saying that nobody could prove he did that!  "But there were two witnesses
David, one of them was Stephanie.  She is going to help me with your punishment.
Which is now at 112 for three refusals ,more rude behaviour and three talking
back. "

David was going to say more but stopped himself.
Kathlyn said "Good, now I will roll the diece and Stephanie will provide
punishment."

"First roll a 4, give him 4 swats with a ruler, for 12 that leave 100 even"
Swap! Swap! Swap! Swap!
"Second a one and a two, two belts to the balls with the belt. That will leave
80"
Stephanie grabbed his cock and pulled him over to the chair where she set up his
balls for beating.
Sswwaappp! "Owwwww!"
Sswwwappp!! "Ohhhowwww!!!"
"Another 4 and 4, give him 4 more rulers to the butt. That leaves 68"
Swap! Swap! Swap! Swap!
"A 6 and a 4, 4 belts to the buttocks."
WHAP! WHAP! WHAP! WHAP!  Now stephanie was getting into it. "That leaves 60."
Said Stephanie.
"A five for 4," said Kathlyn "I'll do these ones."
Stephanie grabbed his cock and held it up as Kathlyn took her swings.

SSSWWWAAAPPPP!!!  "AAAUUGHGHH!"
SSSWWWAAAPPPP!!!  "OHAHUUHHHGFF!"
SSSSWWWWAAAAPPPP!!! "UUUUHHH PLEASE UHHH!"
SSSSWWWWAAAAPPPP!!! "OhhhhhhUhhhhhh!!!"

Now Stephanie grabbed his balls and squeezed them viciously, she even twisted
them. David moaned but Stephanie squeezed even harder until he was on his knees.

"Now David," said Kathlyn, here is the new penalty list

Requirements                            Penalties
     Talking back                                      3
     Rude behavior                                5
     Vulgar language                                   5-10
     Tardy for lunch at 12:00 NN every day.                 8
     Tardy for dinner at 5:00 PM every day.                 8
     Grades on assignments and test other than A's               2-8
     Grades of F                                       15
     Tardy for breakfast: 8:00 AM every day.                8
     Tardy for study session from 1:00 to 4:30 each day.              8
     Violating Curfew                                  12
     Smoking                                      15
     Drinking Alcohol                                  15
     Tardy for punishment at 9:00 PM every day.                  20
     Refusal to accept punishment.                     20
     Keep room tidy                               3-18
     Vulgar behavior                                   15-40
     Masturbating                                      30
     Absent from study session                              35
     Having Sex,                                       50
     Destruction of property                           25-75
     Misdemeanor                                       75
     Felony                                            150

They left him the library to collect himselt.  His balls were black and blue, he
was out $300,000.
Shit, this was bad, he could hardly walk.  He couldn't believe that sexy
Stephanie was such a ball breaker.  Well, he had learned his lesson, no more
carrousing down town.




MANX
Chapter 6.

After that things went better for a while. He had three perfect days in a row,
until Wednesday when his room had a gig.  That had cost him three belts across
the ass.  Friday was a bit scary, Linda had him down for 2 A's, a B and a C. 
For that Kathlyn had hit his cock with the belt for that.  He couldn't believe
the A's he hadn't had any of those for a couple years. But he was sufficiently
motivated now. He was clean for the whole weekend and had two perfect days to
start the week, then on Wednesday he really screwed up.

It was late at night, and he had snuck across the balconies to peep at Cleo, she
was wearing a negligee and had absolutely no panties on!  She started squeezing
her breasts together and looking at herself in the mirror.  At this point David
had his cock out and was masturbating it.  Unfortunately, he had not heard
Kathlyn knocking at his door, nor had he noticed as she came on to his balcony. 
She watched him for 10 minutes before he finally orgasmed.  She merely said
"Make sure you are in the library at 9:00 tomorrow."

Thursday was hell.  His alarm did not go off, so he was late to Breakfast. Linda
gave him 4 hard tests, he got a two C's a D and an F. When he got to his room he
was gigged for 12 penalty points.

He got to dinner, and was quiet as could be.  He went to the library at nine
o'clock sharp.

Stephanie, Liza, and Cleo and Kathlyn were there, Kathlyn handed him the penalty
sheet.

          Infraction               Penalty
          late for breakfast       8
          messy room               12
          poor grades              16
          masturbating             30
          vulgar behavior          40
          Misdemeanors
               Indecent Exposure   75
               Peeping Tom         75
               Lewd Behaviour 75
          ------------------------------     ----
          Total:                   331

     Punishments:

     Ass whipping
          belt 2
          ruler     3
          cane 4
     cock whipping
          belt 5
          ruler     6
          cane 7
     ball whipping
          belt 8
          ruler     9
          cane 10
     Specials  20 ea.
     Grounding 10 pts/week
     Allowance 5 pt/week
    
     Henceforth all punishments will be received in the nude."

Kathlyn ordered him "Strip to receive your punshiment." David glumly obeyed. 
"Now let's start off, first you are grounded for two full weeks, and lose two
weeks allowance. That leaves 301, next for 50 you loose your privacy privelege
indefinitely. Your doors will remain open from now on. That leaves 251.  Your
first punishment is to show Cleo what you were doing on her balcony."

"No!"

Stephanie was right there with "$100,000."

Kathlyn returned, "Okay we are back up to 271." David knew he was screwed on
this one.

He began stroking his cock slowly. Cleo looked shocked as the young man began
masturbating in front of her.  Kathlyn ordered him, "Faster, you have 5 minutes
to come, that is an order."

David closed his eyes and began stroking faster, his cock suddenly getting
harder, but soon Kathlyn announced, "Five minutes."

Stephanie said, "$100,000 more."

 Now Kathlyn stopped him.  Suddenly he was embarrassed by his turgid cock
projecting out in front of him. She said, "Also from now on punishment will be
delivered immediately by the ladies present at that time.  We will begin with
cock whipping."

She took up a belt and moved in front of David."

Whap! Whap! WHAP! WHAP! WHAP! WHAP! WWHHHAAAPPP! "Uhhhhhh!"
"Okay that was seven, Cleo. 236 left" 

Cleo took the belt and approached him. She reached forward and took his balls
pulling them down and forcing his cock into a horizontal position. Then she
directed blows directly at his cock head.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! SMACK! SMACK!

She handed the belt over to Liza, Lize was about 35 with a square jaw and
straight black hair. She took the belt to where David was standing 186 left, she
turned him around and gave him three quick belts to the ass, then stopped and
handed the belt to Stephanie.

Stephanie said, "180 left, David put your balls over the chair like before."

WHAP! WHAP! "Guuuhhh!"
WWHAAPPP! WHHAAPPP! "Ohhhhhh gosh, ohhh!"
WWHAAAPPP! WWHHHAPPPP! "Goooohhhh!"
Whap! This one was too his cock.
WWWHAPPPPP!!! "GAAHAHH!!" Back tohis balls."
WHHHAPPAPPPP! "GGGGEHEHHEH!" again to his balls
WWHAPP! To his cock.
WWWHHHHAPPPPP! WHWWHWHHHAPAAPPPP!!!!! "AUAUAUAUGGHGHGH!"

"Now" said Stephanie as she clamped her fist around David's aching balls, "I say
we do specials to finish the last 80!"

They must have been planning it because Stephanie grabbed this clamp David had
not seen before and fastened it to his balls.  She tightetened it until he
thought they would pop, then she stopped and left it hanging there. Now Liza
came She tied a cord around the base of his cock so no blood could escape, his
cock swelled and hurt incredibly.  Then Cleo came and fastened a pinching jawed
clamp to his cock head.  Finally Stephanie came and attached two wires one to
the clamp on his balls and the other to the clamp on his cock head.  She walked
over to the table where a small box with a switch lay.  She flipped the switch
an electric current began flowing through David's cock and balls.

"AAAAHHHHH!"

For the next five minutes the ladies took turns shocking his genitalia.  Finally
they told him to clean himself up and get dressed.

David got back to his room finally, he couldn't believe all this pain.  What a
dumb ass he was for doing that!

He woke up at about midnight. One of the women, he couldn't tell who was sitting
on his bed.  She covered his eyes but then pulled back his covers and began
stroking his cock in the darkness, very gently and carefully. This went on for
about 20 minutes until he was about to come, at this point whoever it was bent
over and caught his cock head in her mouth and gently sucked out all of his
sperm and swallowed it. Then she quietly left closing the door behind her.

Kathlyn wiped her mouth. Shit, he has to have a little fun.




MANX
Chapter 7
Thursday went normally if a quite painfully from last night session.  One weird
thing was that Cleo came into his room while he was taking a shower at about
9:30.  She opened the shower door and watched him for about 5 minutes before
leaving, she never said a word though. 

Friday was kind of weird too, Kathlyn came and woke him up at 7:30 and told him
to take a shower.  She watched him do it for a while, then finally said, here,
since you are afraid to touch it let me wash it for you.  She lathered up her
hands and washed his cock and balls. She took about 4 minutes to do it though. 
Then she ordered him out, and dried him off.

In the afternoon Linda gave him three tests, he did kind of poorly with a B and
two C's. Kathlyn showed up at 4:00 to make sure the punishment was carried out
correctly. She ordered David to strip.  Then she took Linda behind him, and
explained about the ass whipping, then they came back around front. She took his
cock in her hand and explained about cock whipping, then she took his balls,
sqeezing them lightly and explained about ball whipping. Linda opted to whip his
ass with a belt, for five strokes.  These were all the more embarrassing to
David because of their student/teacher relationship.

David spent all of Saturday in the garage, he figured he could get into less
trouble there and he was right. When he came to the library he had no
infractions.

Kathlyn congratulated him on a good day. But, since his disappointing
performance on Wedesday that new penalties and punishments were in order.

Requirements                                      Penalties
     Talking back                                      5
     Rude behavior                                10
     Vulgar language                                   10
     Tardy for lunch at 12:00 NN every day.                 10
     Tardy for dinner at 5:00 PM every day.                 10
     Grades on assignments and test other than A's               5-20
     Grades of F                                       25
     Tardy for breakfast: 8:00 AM every day.                10
     Violating Curfew 8:30 PM                          20
     Smoking                                      20
     Tardy for study session from 1:00 to 4:30 each day.              25
     Drinking Alcohol                                  25
     Tardy for punishment at 9:00 PM every day.                  25
     Refusal to accept punishment.                     25
     Keep room tidy                               4-24
     Vulgar behavior                                   20-50
     Lying                                             50
     Masturbating                                      50
     Absent from study session                              50
     Having Sex,                                       75
     Destruction of property                           25-75
     Misdemeanor                                       100
     Felony                                            200

     Ass whipping
          belt 2
          ruler     3
          cane 4
     cock whipping
          belt 4
          ruler     5
          cane 6
     ball whipping
          belt 6
          ruler     7
          cane 8
     Specials  15 ea.
     Grounding 10 pts/week
     Allowance 5 pt/week
    

The next two weeks were very quiet, David ground into his studies, event though
Linda always opted for plain ass whipping.  Kathlyn was usually there to watch. 
Even the two weeks after that were all right. Cleo came to watch him shower
sometimes.  The mystery lady showed up at night once more, though she spent most
of the time sucking his cock this time.  Then Liza announced she was retiring. 

Kathlyn told David that she would be gone for a week, she was giving the rest of
the staff the week off, except for Linda, also she said that Stephanie would be
in to check on him a couple of times. She would be back next Saturday night. 
Her purpose was to help Liza get settled, and to hire a replacement.

So Sunday morning David was all by himself!




MANX
Chapter 8

He called Melinda and asked her to come over as soon as possible. They made love
twice that day up in David's room.  They had a blast.  Melinda went home to her
parents house at about 10:30 and David went back to his room and crashed. He
woke up late, which was okay! He went down and grabbed himself breakfast.  Did
some studying and pretty much relaxed. Linda showed up at Noon and they went to
the study session.  She gave him a surprisingly hard pop quiz which he got a D
on. She told him to strip and bend over, that was strange since they were only a
half hour into the session.  But, he knew better than to argue."

WWHHAPAPPP! "Owwwww!"  That was the hardest she had ever whipped him. Then she
told him to turn around and put his balls over the back of the chair. He dazedly
did so.

WWHHHHAPPPPP!!! "Guuhhhh!"
WWWHHHHHAPAPAAPPPP!!! "Gouhhhahhh!"
WWWHHHHAPPAPPP!  "UUUHHHHH!!!!"

She would not then allow him to put his clothes back on, instead she made him do
problems on the board all afternoon.  At the end of the day she informed him
that his lessons for the rest of week would all be in the nude.  She also said
they would be taking a break Thursday afternoon to use the pool.

When David got back up to his room there was a note from Cleo, it read, "Your
room penalty today is 24, I will be here at 9:00 to punish you."  Great, He was
going to get punished on what he thought would be an easy week!  He spent the
next hour getting the room spic and span. When Cleo showed up at 9:00 she had an
offer for him.

"I see that you have cleaned the room up, I will make you a deal.  If I find six
problems with the room we will double your punishment, if I cannot find at least
six obvious problems you get off for nothing."

David agreed, but then wished he hadn't.

She found that the window's were dirty. There was dust over the door frame. Dust
on the picture frame. Dust bunnies under the bed.  Hairs on the bathroom floor.
And the soap dish was scummy and crusty.

Cleo ordered him to strip which is what David expected, he was surprised though
to see her begin taking her clothes off as well! She unbuttoned her dress and
let it drop to the floor. Beneath it she was wearing black high heels, thigh
high black hose and black bikini panties and bra, that were were made of see
through material.  She saw the surprised look on David's face, and explained
herself saying that it was "too warm to wear all that clothing".

Cleo approached him carefully taking his cock and balls in her hands.  She
pulled on them gently tugging them straight out, away from his body. She did
this for a few minutes until David had a raging erection.  Now Cleo told him to
find a shoe string and tie it behind his balls.  He did this but noticed that
Cleo found the proceedings very interesting and didn't mind showing it!

He tied his balls up for Cleo to told him to lie on his bed on his back.  She
also made him put his  hands underneath him and told him he had to keep them
there.  She crawled onto the bed with him forcing his legs wide apart she
stroked his cock a couple times, then she pulled back her fist and punched him
right in the balls.

Whuk! "OHHHH!"

"That is 7 David, 41 to go!"

 Whuk! WHUK! WHUK! "OOOHHHHOOHH!!"

"Very good David, you are down to 20, this will be worth 6 more." She grabbed
his balls in both hands and began squeezing them tightly, kneading them and
pulling. This went on for a few minutes. David was almost to pass out when she
finally released them.

Now she pulled him to his knees by the balls and told him to close his eyes and
hold his testicals out. She went and got a wooden cane 3' long and 1 inch thick.
This she swung like a bat hitting him directly on his exposed gonads.

SsssssssWWWWAAAAAACCCCKKKKK!!!  "GGGGGUUUGGUUUHH!!"
She immediately grabbed his balls, and began squezzing and kneading them as
before, but this time she went on for 5 minutes at least.  She told him to untie
himself and stay in the bed for a few minutes.

She came back in a few minutes with some oil and gave him a full body massage,
somewhere during that time the rest of her clothes came off.  She had left his
cock until last, she began stroking it and rubbing it between her breasts, David
looked up and he could see her sex hanging open and sloppy wet.  He moved his
head up and began licking her open slit. She moaned for a moment then gobbled up
his cock into her mouth.  A minute later she turned and slid down on to his
slippery cock, which he pushed up into her hot belly.

Soon they were pumping like crazy and David had his hands on her luscious tits
as she bounced on top of his meat shaft.  They pumped harder and harder until
they finally climaxed together.
As they lay together, Cleo began speaking.

"That is 75 penalty points for having sex, but I think I can forgive you this
one time."




MANX
Chapter 9.

Cleo wished him a happy week and she would be back next Monday.  She reminded
him to keep his room clean!

He grabbed some breakfast was kicking back, when Linda came storming into the
living room.  It was 1:45 and he was really late for study!  She had him strip
in the living room before heading to the study.  See gave him a series of 12
quizzes each on harder than the last. He ended up taking 10 quizzes, 1 A, 2 B's,
2 C's, 3 D's and 4 F's.  Even worse she had caught him trying to cheat by
working past the time limit on one of the quizzes, he had amassed 265 penalty
points.
Linda explained that it was too late for him to be punished since she had to be
home by 6 PM for guests, also she said that Wednesday was out for punishment
because they would be busy with studies.  Thursday would be a punishment day
though.

That night Stephanie came to check on him. She watched him take a shower and get
ready for bed, and that was about it though.

David got up early ate breakfast and cleaned his room.  He spent the rest of the
morning studying so that he would be ready for Linda.  He still failed somewhat.

As soon as he got there for the lesson she had him strip.  They started with two
quizzes, he got a B and a C. Now his penalty was up to 280.  After a couple of
lessons they finished the day with three more quizzes, A, B, F.  That put him up
to 310.  She told him that the study session tomorrow would begin at 9:00 AM and
that he should meet her in the library, she told him that he must come wearing
nothing at all..

Melinda came over at 7:00 and they made love twice before they got too tired and
she went home.  He figured he had better have fun tonight because he would be
aching tomorrow!

He knocked on the library door at 9:00 AM and entered when Linda called him in.
She immediately turned him around and tied his hands together with a cord.  She
turned him back around and positioned him in front of a video camera.  He
noticed that she was wearing a bathrobe.  She turned on the camera and began
asking him questions.

"Do you know why you are being punished?"

"Yes Ma'am, for doing poorly in my studies."

"You must have an erection for the punishment to begin, you have two minutes to
do this, otherwise, it will be counted as refusal of punishment. Do you
understand?"

"Yes Ma'am."

David began flexing his but and imagining any woman he could think of.  Linda
removed her robe to reveal a skimpy yellow bikini she was wearing.

After two minutes she admitted that he had a good erection. Then she told him to
spread his legs as far apart as possible. "Your punishment will be 31 strokes of
the belt to your balls and 31 to your cock. You must count are you ready?"

"Yes Ma'am." He gulped.

Whack! Whuk! "Oww, 1.
Whack! Whuk!  "Owww, 2.
WWHHAACCKKK!!!!   WWWHHHUUUKKK!! "GGOooooowwwwww!!!! 3"
After that the next hour was a blur to David. She took time between each blow to
let his genitals joggle.  Sometimes she went light sometimes hard.  Twice she
used the buckle side. At times she concentrated on his cock head at other times
his cock shaft.  He lost track once, and she made him start over at 15 when he
was sure it was near 20. 

Finally she told him that he would serve her at the pool all day, in the nude of
course. She gave him 20 minutes to get his breath back.  She took the tape out
of the camera and put it in her purse, treating it like a treasure.  The day
pretty much passed in a daze, she would hit him in the balls for any minor
infraction.  Stephanie came by at about 3 in the afternoon..When she came out to
the pool she grabbed him by the balls and squeezed them very hard, until he went
to his knees.
Then she and Linda lazed around in the pool until about 7:00 PM.   They made him
take a shower while they watched, ordering him to soap and wash his cock at
least a dozen times.  This seemed to please them very much.

Surprizingly, Friday was a very easy day with no punishments what so ever. By
Saturday afternoon David felt good enough to have Melinda over for one final
fuck before Kathlyn came back.

When Kathlyn did come back, at about 7:00 she was in a very good mood. So David
was very surprised when she came by at 8:30 and told him to come to the library
immediately, she sounded pissed.

He followed her to the library.  She sat down and asked him, "Did you have sex
this weekend?"

"No, No Ma'am."

"That is one lie David, care to go for two?  How many times did you have sex
then?" 

David figured that Cleo had ratted him out so he said. "Once, with Cleo."

"That is two lies, how many times did you fuck Melinda!?" 

Oooops! Now he was in trouble, he confessed. "5 times, Ma'am."

"Now, how old is Melinda?"

"She is seventeen, she'll be eighteen in two weeks."

"David, the age of consent here is eighteen, every time you had sex with her. It
was statutory rape, that is a felony!  So let's look at your penalties. This is
going to be very bad for you, we will have to think about what to do about
this!"




     Vulgar behavior     50x6=           300
     Lying               50x2=           100
     Having sex          75x6=           450
     felony              200x5=    1000
     --------------------------------------------------
     Total                         1850

Also here is the new punishment schedule:

Requirements                                      Penalties
     Talking back                                      5
     Rude behavior                                10
     Vulgar language                                   10
     Tardy for lunch at 12:00 NN every day.                 10
     Tardy for dinner at 5:00 PM every day.                 10
     Grades less than 100%                             1-100
     Tardy for breakfast: 8:00 AM every day.                10
     Violating Curfew 8:30 PM                          20
     Smoking                                      20
     Tardy for study session from 1:00 to 4:30 each day.              50
     Drinking Alcohol                                  50
     Tardy for punishment at 9:00 PM every day.                  100
     Refusal to accept punishment.                     100
     Keep room tidy                               5-50
     Vulgar behavior                                   20-50
     Lying                                             50
     Masturbating                                      50
     Absent from study session                              100
     Having Sex,                                       100
     Destruction of property                           25-75
     Misdemeanor                                       100
     Felony                                            200

     Ass whipping
          belt 1
          ruler     2
          cane 3
     cock whipping
          belt 2
          ruler     3
          cane 4
     ball whipping
          belt 2
          ruler     3
          cane 4
     Specials  10 ea.
     Grounding 10 pts/week
     Allowance 5 pt/week
    

Follow me to my room, we will talk about this some before I go to bed, I am
tired and very disappointed with you.

Once in Kathlyn's room she began talking.

"From now on, I will deliver all of your punishment.  The other ladies will be
permitted to watch if they have an interest in the punishment ofcourse." 
Kathlyn took off her jacket and hung it in the closet while continuing to speak. 
Her plan was to undress entirely in front of David, she felt a flush coming to
her face, but strove to relax and talk calmly.  "Obviously, I can not give you
the entire punishment you deserve at one time, I don't want to beat your balls
into a pulp."  They both new she had him in a bind and she was quite happy about
this!

She began unbuttoning her blouse. "Obviously, I underestimated your sex drive,
from now on I will permit you to masturbate once per day, but only under my
direct supervision."  David was standing there with a sort of shocked look on
his face.  She continued to undo her blouse and then casually dropped it into
the clothes hamper near the closet.  He couldn't help but notice her lacy white
bra and creamy, lightly tanned skin.

"Give me a hand with this zipper, David." He numbly walked over and unzipped the
zipper on the back of her skirt.  "Also I will begin requiring services from you
as part of your punishment, this may include errands, giving me a massage, or
other various services."  She proceeded, while shucking her skirt and dropping
it into the hamper.  She kicked off her shoes into the closet as well.  She was
getting really hot, her nipples felt hard as rocks and were poking out
dangerously.  They were so tense they hurt!

"Your first task, for 10 points is to help me finish getting undressed, then you
will give me a massage, that will be a total of 20.  Now I'm going to sit on the
bed, and you take off my hose, be careful as they are very delicate."  He hose
was white and it came up quite high on her thigh only inches from her panties,
which were made of very light white silk. "You have to catch the top of each one
and roll them down honey, yes that is it."

"Now undo my bra, it unhooks in the front."  David was amazed when her tits came
spilling out, he didn't know they were so large soft and smooth! And so round,
like grapefruits!  The nipples were poking straight out and the aureoles were a
soft brown color a bit larger than half dollars pieces. "That's it now pull it
off over my head." she said as she lifted her arms, her tits were moving
invitingly with that action and she knew it.

"David, you should take off my panties now.  Get on your knees in front of me,
Okay now take them down slowly." David tugged at the waistband he was looking
for the first wisp of pubic hair to she if her golden hair color up top was down
below as well.  He was not disappointed when he found she had no pubic hair at
all, just silky smooth skin and puffy, pouty labia.  She lifted one foot at a
time, and let David remove the panties from her. He took them over and dropped
them in the hamper, with the bra.

Kathlyn laid face down on the bed and told him to start massaging her to start
at her shoulders and neck and work his way down.  He did a pretty good job, he
got down to her shapely ass eventually, Kathlyn told him to slow down because
she had some sore muscles there.  As he was kneading her buttocks, she tried to
relax and part her legs a bit.  "Do my thighs now." She said, then she adjusted
her legs wider apart.  She looked over in the mirror to see David ogling her
juicy cunt.  He continued massaging lower and lower until he got down to her
ankles. 

Then Kathlyn rolled over and told him to work his way back up.  Kathlyn spread
her legs very wide and closed her eyes crossing her arms behind her head.  She
was planning to make David massage her cunt when she heard David making some
small noises.  His cock was enormously engorged, hard and red, a thin drool was
hanging from the end of his cock.  Kathlyn watched through a slit in her eyes as
he was obviously horny in the extreme, she wanted that cock, but now would be
the wrong time.  She let him suffer for a couple more minutes, then as he was
almost to her cunt, cum started to spurt from his cock.  He tried to catch the
jism in his hands but it was a load!

She told him that would be enough and that he should go wash up, and go to bed. 
After he left she masturbated and watched the tape that Linda had made for her.


The End for now...





MANX
Chapter 10.

David woke to find Stephanie watching him, it was 7:30 so he knew he had to get
ready for breakfast quickly.  She watched him take his morning shower and walked
with him down to breakfast. The new house Chief of staff and her new assistants
would be in Monday morning so it was just David, Stephanie and Kathlyn at
breakfast. Kathlyn explained that David had committed multiple offenses. 
Stephanie said she needed some help shopping in the afternoon, so David was
tasked to go along and help her. Kathlyn told David that Stephanie would give
him 100 points of punishment during the afternoon, and that he would get 50 at
lunch time.

After breakfast David cleaned up the table while Kathlyn and Stephanie went to
the pool.  David was studying in the library when they came back in about 11:30. 
Kathlyn ordered him to strip for punishment. They made him bend over and Kathlyn
gave him ten swats to the ass with a belt.
Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! WHAP! WHAP!

They quickly spun him around, Stephanie grabbed his meaty prick and pulled it
straight up. This pulled David's balls into a forward and exposed position.  She
took a moment to adjust his balls even more forward.  Kathlyn stood in front of
him with the belt, she swung it cross wise hitting him directly on the left side
of his nuts.  SSSwwwappp!  "Ohhhh!"
SSSwwappp! "Ohhhh"
SSSWAAPPPP! "GGGhHH Ohhh!"
Swap! Swap! Swap!
SSSWWWAPPPP!! "OOOHHH! GEEE!!!"
Swap! Swap! SSSSWWWAPPPPP!!! "OUUUCCHHH GEEE Ohhh!"

Now they stopped for a minute, Kathlyn took hold of his cock which was now
stiff, she gently pulled it up, while Stephanie got the cane.  Now Stephanie
used it to drill him in the balls again.
SSSSWWWWAAAACCCCKKKK!
SSSSWWWWAAAACCCCKKKK!!
SSSSWWWWAAAACCCCKKKK!!!
SSSSWWWWAAAACCCCKKKK!!!!
SSSSWWWWAAAACCCCKKKK!!!!!

Kathlyn let go of his cock and David crumpled to the floor cradling his bruised
gonads.  Stephanie took out a pad and noted that he still had 1780 demerits. 
They told him to get ready for lunch.  They had some nice sandwiches for lunch
and Stephanie told him to get the car ready for their errands this afternoon. 

They met out at the big Mercedes at 1:00 but before they left Stephanie said she
wanted to get the punishment started.  Kathlyn was looking on as Stephanie went
about her preparations, and even got out a video camera to record the
proceedings.  She pushed him back against the car.  David had never seen anyone
wear suck a tiny miniskirt!  She bent over to get something out of her bag, and
David couldn't help but see her silky white panties. 

The object she took from the bag was a small clamp like device it had a broad
leather loop that was somewhat pouch like and a knob device attached to that.
The knob numbers one to ten on it's dial, Stephanie undid his pants and pulled
them down to his thighs.  She attached the device around his scrotal sack and
tightened it about his balls. She set it to setting to four which was snug and a
bit uncomfortable.  Next she took out a small box and with two wires dangling
from it.  Each wire had a small alligator clip at the end, she attached one clip
to the tip of his cock head. The second she attached just behind his balls.  The
box looked large enough to contain to about 4 D cell batteries.

Stephanie said, "Okay, I'm ready to test it out, do you have the video started
Kathlyn?"

"Yes, it is all focused let her go!"

Stephanie turned a dial on the box and pushed down on a small red button,
instantly and electric charge raced through David's cock and balls.  His cock
jerked around violently! The shock ended when Stephanie let go of the button. 

"Set it to a higher setting, what did you have it on?"

"I had it set to 3, here is 6."  Stephanie pressed the button again, this time a
real electric jolt raced through his cock and balls!  His cock whipped around
like a snake.  She released the button and David was able to relax his body
slightly.  Kathlyn explained, these are specials, they count 10 a each.  Now you
do everything Stephanie tells you to do!

David got in with his pants still down around his knees and Stephanie got in to
drive.  As soon as they got a mile away from the house, Stephanie stopped the
car and adjusted the ball strap to a setting of six which was quite painful. 
Then she cranked up the box to seven and gave him a good solid jolt for about a
minute and a half. She started up the car and continued to drive into town
jolting his cock a various intervals.  David couldn't help but notice that her
skirt was riding up exposing the front of her panties, which had a growing wet
spot on the front of them.

Stephanie noticed his glances and asked him,  David, do you want to see my
pussy?"

"Yes, Ma'am."  He answered.

Stephanie pulled over to the side of the road.  She reached over and twisted the
knob controlling the ball strap to 8, David sucked in his breathe as the
pressure and pain increased.  Then Stephanie lifted her ass as pulled her
panties down.  She had a neatly trimmed black bush and creamy white skin between
her legs.  Now she stuffed the wadded up panties in to David's mouth.
Then he watched as she turned the dial on the penis shocker up to 10. And fully
depressed the button.  

"MMMMMMMHHHHHMMMPPPP!"  His hips bucked wildly as the electric juice ran through
his tortured cock and balls.   Stephanie finally released the button then she
twisted the ball clamp up to 10.  David whimpered as she restarted the car and
began driving again.  Finally they pulled up in front of a small office building
and Stephanie removed the wires from his cock.  She removed the ball constrictor
as well and told David to pull his pants up. As he did this she explained that
he had received 20 points of punishment and had 80 more to go before she was
done with him.

When he had gotten himself together they went inside.  She told him to strip
completely once they were inside.  As he stripped he noticed that the room was
sort of a receptionist area, with a secretaries desk etc.  He folded his clothes
neatly and put them on a chair.  Stephanie moved behind him and tied his hands
with a cord of some type, the cords were very tight.   Then she ordered him to
spread his legs wide apart.  When he did she grabbed his balls and tied a cord
around them as well. After this she pulled him over to the secretaries desk and
tied the other end of the cord to the desk leg.  This stretched his balls down
towards the floor, He had to spread his legs far apart to relieve the pressure. 
Stephanie got out a belt and told David to count to ten.  She took aim at his
meaty cock and began swinging.

Swap! "One."  Swap! "Two." Swap! "Three." Swap! "Four." Swap! "Five." SWAP!
"Six!" SWAP! "Seven!"  SWWAAPP! "Eight!"  Swap! "Nine." SSWWAAPP! "Ten!"

"Congratulations David, that is a total of 40 of your 100, only 60 to go. Now I
will be in my office for the next hour or so doing paper work, until I come out
of my office you are not to make a noise, do you understand? Good, I am
expecting my assistant in about an hour and a half."

Stephanie closed the door as she went into her office, David was left to stand
with his hands tied behind his back and his whipped cock poking straight out
into the air as he faced away from the desk.  The time passed slowly, David
looked around the office, he noticed how ridiculous he looked in the large
picture sized mirror hanging on the wall.  He was surprised at the size of his
cock though, it was certainly a bit longer an much thicker than it was a few
months ago. His cock had to be 9" long and 2 � inches thick now he thought
proudly. He could see the security camera monitor if he leaned back over the
desk a little.  The clock on the wall moved slowly, half an hour, 45 minutes, 1
hour. Stephanie should be coming out to get him soon.  1 hour and 5 minutes, 1
hour and 10 minutes, 1 hour and 15 minutes.  He was getting worried the
assistant would come in to find him like this, how embarrassing! Then at an hour
and 20 minutes he noticed movement on the security monitor!  He looked to see it
was a young woman, wearing jeans and a T-shirt, carrying a large purse.  There
are many offices in this building he thought, surely she will go to some other
office.

He was wrong, seconds later he heard some keys jingling by the doorway, and the
door started to open.  In walked a young lady with straw-colored hair, she was
fumbling around in her bags, and was halfway to the desk before she noticed
David and his cock tied to her desk.  She gave a startled  Eeep!' and goggled at
his manhood which was thrust out towards her.  Then she regained a little
composure and said, "Oh, you must be David, I've heard about you."  She still
looked a bit flustered but went around to her desk and buzzed the intercom. 

Bzzzt ... "Stephanie?  This is Sandy, I'm here, do you want me to start working
on the Smythe papers?"

Bzzzt ... "Yes, that'll be good, if you get bored you can talk to David a bit. 
Buzz me again in half an hour."

Sandy looked at David and said, "Well hello, my name is Sandy."

David said, "Hi, sorry about my condition, I am being punished."

"I see, how do you like your stay at the Stenwell place?"

"It is pretty rough some times, but I am learning a lot."

"Hmmmm, I have to do some work now." and with that, she began organizing papers,
making notes and filing things just like any other secretary.  After about 20
minutes though she started asking questions.

"I hear you have been pretty bad, do you get punished a lot?"

"Yeah, I guess so."

"Do you like to get punished?"

"No, at least not usually, sometimes it is not too bad."

"What do you like the least?"

"I hate it when they shock my balls.  Everything else I get over, but my balls
hurt for a coupled days after they do that."  David reddened at the questions,
wasn't it bad enough the position he was in?  Did she have to ask questions too?

Sandy came around the desk in front of David. "Do you mind if I feel your cock
for a couple a minutes. I never saw one this big before."   David nodded and she
felt him up for a few minutes.  It didn't take long before his cock was very
hard again.  She smiled at him and went back around the desk to buzz Stephanie.

Bzzzt.  "Stephanie, I am done with that, what next."

"Damn, I have too much to do. ...  Sandy, would you mind finishing David's
punishment?  I have to take him back in about a half hour and I don't have time
to do it."

"Uhhh, I ... guess I could, I never really did that before... are you sure it's
okay."

"Ask David."

"Well David," asked Sandy, "Is it okay with you?"

David thought that Sandy would not be so vicious as Stephanie, "Sure, that is
fine."

"Okay, I'll go ahead, what do I do?"

"Come into my office to get the punishment list and equipment."

Sandy disappeared into Stephanie's office, returning a few minutes later looking
dazed and gazing at the list.  "Sixty points huh?  I want to get the full
experience so I will try one of each.  Let's see that will be 34 points.  Hmm,
well we'll start with that, then we can figure out the last 26. Bend over
please."

Sandy took out the belt and aimed carefully at David's ass. Whap! Next she took
the ruler. Whap! Finally the cane, Whap!  She went around to David's front and
took the belt. Whok! Directly into his cock meat!  Next she took the ruler.
Whok! Directly into his cock again. Finally she took the cane.  Whok!

"Oooooh, I like that!" She exclaimed.  Then she watched as his cock joggled side
to side.  She lined up the cane again.  WHOK!  "Oh Yeah!" Now she pushed him
back onto the corner of the desk his balls were painfully stretched and pressed
against the side of the desk.

First she took the belt. Smack!  Now she used the ruler. Smock! "Oh Yeah I like
that too!"  Let me try the cane next. Smock!  "Oh yeah! Great! Let's see that is
34 plus the extra cock hit with the cane, that is 38. We have 22 to go!  I know,
I'll do your nuts three more times with the cane, then we will do a special!
No... Let's do the special first."  She went to the bag and got out a small tube
of something.  She squirted some into her hand then more and more until the
whole tube was squeezed empty.  There was a minty smell in the air.  She applied
the goop to his cock and balls smearing it on in a thick cool layer.  Suddenly,
it started to burn, it was some sports heat rub!!! David moaned as the burning
intensified.

Then Sandy took the cane and sighted in on his balls! 

SSMMMOOOCCCKKKK! "Ohhhhhhh!"
SSSMMMMMOOOOCKCKCKK! "Guuuuhhh!"
SMMMMMMMOOOCCKCKKC! "OOOOOHHHH!

David looked up to see Stephanie looking on in leering approval.
She told Sandy what an excellent job she had done.  They untied David and
Stephanie ordered him to dress. This was very painful with the cream still
burning his cock and bruised nuts.  They locked up the office and headed for the
Mercedes. He got in the car with Stephanie hoping to go straight home.  Instead
they stopped by a grocery store, Stephanie gave him a short list of items to
get. David's genitalia were still on fire but he managed to get all the items on
the list and get back to the car in only about 10 minutes.  The drive back to
the house was interminable.  Stephanie marked 1680 in her notebook and told
David to put away the groceries and clean himself up.

David put the groceries away and hurried to shower before dinner at 5:00, he
didn't need any more points against him!  He was just able to get cleaned up and
down to the dinner table with seconds to spare!




MANX
Chapter 11.

Dinner went nicely. David studied some more before dinner and then went to the
library at 9:00 for his daily punishment.  Kathlyn was already there, she
instructed him to jack off while she "supervised."  This consisted mainly of her
interjecting suggestions to him, and asking him if he was fantasizing and about
what.  She also made him describe his day with Stephanie in minute detail. As he
was about to cum, she grabbed his balls and squeezed them tightly.  He shot his
load all over the desk as she kneaded his gonads. Kathlyn then made him clean up
the sperm immediately.

As soon as he had finished she made him lie down on the rug and spread his legs
eagled.  She took off her shoes and then approached between his legs.  She
slowly and deliberately kicked him in the balls. Thuk!

"Ohhhhh!"
Thuk! "Oh!"
Now she spread her toes and placed her left foot directly on top of his nuts,
slowly she put her weight down on top of his balls, squeezing them like never
before.  Suddenly she removed her foot and kicked his balls again and again.
THUK! THUCK! THUCK!  David couldn't help it, the pain was too great, he grabbed
his balls and held them in his hands.  But Kathlyn continued to kick!  THUCK!
THUCK!! THUCK! THUCK! She stopped and looked at him, She wanted the last kick to
be really vicious. She made him stop holding his nuts and push them into the
perfect position for a solid kick.  TTHHUUCKCKCCKKK!  He writhed on the floor as
Kathlyn marked another 60 points of his list.  He was down to 1620, not bad for
one days punishment.

The next day, he woke up at about 7:55 his alarm had not gone off!  He got
dressed and rushed down stairs but when he got there it was 8:02.  Kathlyn was
there and already looking angry. 

"Well, thanks for showing up David.  That takes you back to 1630.  Well it is
time to meet the new kitchen staff. This is Vicky our new chef."  Vicky was tall
with red hair, creamy skin and flaring hips. "Vicky this is David, my ward. 
Also the new kitchen assistant, Sherri." Sherri was a tall young black lady,
with long legs, a narrow waist and perky breasts.  David said hello, and began
to sit down for breakfast. "Now we have some rules for David, and he must be
punished when he violates these rules.  He was late for breakfast today. Vicky,
do you mind if we get this out of the way now, or should we do this some other
time?"

Vicky, said that "Right now would be fine with me."  Kathlyn began to take of
her belt, she told David to "Get ready for punishment." 

David stuttered a bit, could he strip in front of two women he had never met? 
Kathlyn just glared at him and said, "Okay, let's do 50 this morning, or do you
want to try for 100?"


"No Ma'am." replied David dejectedly and he began to strip. Vicky and Sherri
goggled when his cock popped in to view. Kathlyn made him bend over the chair
back and spread his legs apart.  She began whipping his ass. Smack! Smack!
Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!
Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! SMACK! SMACK!!  Kathlyn
stopped, she was out of breath and David's ass was on fire.  He knew that there
were thirty more coming though.  David's cock was now long and hard from the
beating. Kathlyn now made him stand up and put his balls over the chair back. 
She got a gravy ladle from Vicky and took aim at David's balls.

WHUK! WHUK! WHUK! WHUK! WHUK! WHUK! WHUKK! WHUUKKKKK! "Ouch!" WWWHUUUUKKK!
"Owwww!" WWWWHHHHUUUUCCCCCCKKKKK! "OHHHHhhh!"

"That was 50 David.  You stay right were you are."  David slowly opened his
tightly closed eyes to see that Vicky was taking the belt and Sherri was taking
the ladle.  Vicky was goggling at his cock and Sherries nipples were poking out
dangerously through her blouse.  Vicky was eying his ass now, and she swung the
belt. SMACK! SMACK! Whenever she hit him his cock would dance spastically.
WWHHUUKK! "Uhhhh!"  Sherri nailed him in the balls. SMACK! SMACK! WWHHUUKK!
"Ohhhh!" WWHHUUKK!!! SMACK! SMACK! WWHHHUUUKKKK!!! "Ouuuwww!!" SMACK!
SMMAACCKKK!!! 

David, stood there whimpering, until Kathlyn told him they were "done for now
and that he should eat breakfast.  Well you are down to 1560 now."  She wouldn't
let him put his clothes back on though, in fact she forbid him to wear clothing
for the rest of the day. After breakfast he went to clean up his room. 

He did his best job, studied and was able to get down for lunch with plenty of
time to spare. Linda was there, but did not seem at all surprised by his nudity. 
The study session went nicely, he had only one quiz and was able to ace it. He
did get a five point penalty on his room however.  He saw Cleo and she seemed
pretty upset about something.  Dinner was really good, and he was really tired
from the days activities so he just crashed in front of the TV set.  He
remembered to go to the library at 9:00.  He was a little surprised to see Cleo
there. He assumed she would assist his punishment, he was wrong.

Kathlyn began, "Cleo is here to be punished for having sex with you.  Her
punishment is one hundred points on a similar scale to yours. Today we will do
the punishment by random determination. You two undress, then we will go on to
the punishment."

2    ass/belt       1
3    ass/ruler      2
4    ass/cane       3
5    cock/pussy/belt     2
6    cock/pussy/ruler    3
7    cock/pussy/cane     4
8    balls/breasts/belt  2
9    balls/breasts/ruler 3
10   balls/breasts/cane  4
11   special        10
12   severe special      25

"I will roll the dice once for each of you, we will do the punishment, then roll
again."

David couldn't help watching Cleo get undressed, he especially like the point
where she was taking off her panties. Kathlyn was already rolling the dice for
his first punishment.

"A two? Okay David, bend over." Smack! Smack! SMACK! Smack! Smack! "Okay now you
are down to 1555.  Now for Cleo ... an eight.  Now Cleo come and lean forward
slightly holding your arms back"

Smack! "Ohhh!" The first blow landed on the upper part of her breasts. Smack!
"Ohhhh!" SMACK! "Ohhhh Shit! Ohh!" The third blow had landed squarely on her
nipples! Kathlyn stopped.

"Young lady, vulgar language like that is another 10 points, you are up to 104
now!  In addition I will add a one to every die roll for the rest of the evening
for you."

Smack! "Ohhh!"  SMACK! "Ohhhh shhhhooot!"

"There you are, right back at 100. David, you are next, let's roll the dice,
..., a seven. Lets get that cock out." Kathlyn took the cane and began swinging.
Whok! Whok! Whok! Whok! Whok! "Very good David, not a sound!  You are down to
1535 now."  David was surprised, that punishment had really not hurt that bad.

"Cleo, let's see what your next punishment is ... a three plus one is 4, bend
over young lady." Kathlyn took the cane she had recently used on David's cock
and lined up on Cleo's tender ass.
WHOK! WHOK! WHOK!  Kathlyn stopped, "David, you do the last two." David took the
cane, and lined up on Cleo's ass. "Whok! Whok!

"Good Cleo is down to 80. Now let's see what your punishment is, a nine. Cleo
take the ruler, and David put your balls over the edge of the chair. Cleo, five
strokes.  Cleo took the ruler. Smock! Smock! SMOCK! SMOCK! SSMMOOOCCCKKK!!
"Ouuuhhh, Damn!"

"David, that is vulgar language and I won't tolerate it, you are down to 1530,
and I will add one to every die roll for you now.   Cleo, you get a six plus one
is seven. That is a caning to the breasts. David here is the cane, Cleo lean
back this time."

Whok! Whok! Whok! Whok! WWHHOOCCKK!!!! David really nailed her nipples with the
final strike! "OUUUUCHHH! You Fucker!" As soon as she said the words she
realized that she had made a mistake.

"Fine Cleo, you are down to 70 and I will add two to each roll! Let's roll the
dice for David, ..., an eight, that makes total of nine.  David get your balls
over the edge of that chair. Cleo, here is the ruler again."

SMMOOCKCK! SMMOOKCK! SMOOCCCKK! SSSMMMOCKCKKKC! SSSMOOCCKK!!! "Uhhhhh!" David
moaned his balls really ached now!

"Good, you are down to 1515 now David. Let's roll for Cleo, hmmm, a three plus
two is 5, belt to the pussy. David, her is the belt, position her and execute
the punishement"   David made her get up and lie on the desk on her back, then
he spread her legs wide apart.

SMACK! "OH!" SMACK! "OHH!" SMACK!" "Ohh!!" SSMMAACCKK! "UUHHHH!!!"
SSSMMMAAACCCKKK!  "OOOOOOHHHHHH!!!!"

"Good, excellent, Cleo you are down to 55, almost half way! Let's roll for David
again ... oops, and 11 plus one is twelve. Now David you haven't had a
punishment this severe yet. Choose a slip of paper from this hat and read it."
David selected a slip of paper and read it duly.

"One needle to pierce each testicle."

Cleo grabbed his hands and pulled them behind his back and tied them there.
Kathlyn grabbed his balls and pulled him over to the chair back. She took out
two long needled from the desk drawer. She grabbed his left ball and slowly
began pushing the long thin needle into his gonad. When she had finished that
one she began the next.  Then with both of his balls skewered she massaged his
balls roughly, then Cleo massaged them for a while after that. David was in a
daze.  They left the needles in while Kathlyn rolled Cleo's next punishment.

"David you are down to 1490. Now for Cleo, ... a ten Cleo, plus two is twelve.
Get on the desk and spread your legs." Kathlyn got out two more needles and
began pushing one of them into the skin on the left of Cleo's pussy.  She pushed
it straight in about an inch and half, then she did the other side.  Cleo too
looked Dazed. Kathlyn massaged her cunt for a while, then David did the same and
also ran his index finger into her cunt a few times. Cleo was down to only 30
points.

Kathlyn stopped him eventually and told him that he should now jack off, while
she and Cleo watched, the needles would come out when he came. He noticed that
his cock was harder than it had ever been before, so it only took a couple of
minutes to cum despite the pain in his balls. Cleo and Kathlyn clapped.  Each of
them grabbed a needle and yanked them out at the same time. Then Kathlyn
extracted the needles from Cleo's cunt.

Kathlyn told them to get showered and dressed, the rest of the punishment would
be handled later.




MANX
Chapter 12

David and Cleo went back to their rooms, she watched him take a shower, but she
didn't say a word.  David didn't sleep well, his balls still hurt quite a bit,
even in the morning.  He took his shower and got down for breakfast with plenty
of time to spare.  Sherri was already in the dining room setting the table. She
gave his crotch a good squeeze when he tried to walk past her.  It was a very
tasty squeeze. The day went pretty uneventfully, except Cleo gigged him 15
points on his room, and Linda got him for 15 more on a quiz.  So he was back to
1520.  Before he knew it, it was 8:50 and time to head to the library. Cleo and
Kathlyn were there already and waiting for him.  Kathlyn announced that they
would finish Cleo's punishment first, then they would do David's.

Cleo was instructed to bend over the desk and pull up her skirt.  Her tender ass
was barely covered by thin cotton panties.  Kathlyn handed David the belt and
instructed him to give her ten strokes. He began by hitting her on the skin just
below where her panties met her legs.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Now he move up to the meaty part of her ass. SMACK! SMACK!
SMACK! Then higher just above her panties. Smack! Smack! Smack! Then the final
right on her ass cheeks.  SSMMAACKK!! "Ouuuch!"

Kathlyn stopped him and went over to where Cleo was bent over.  She pulled
Cleo's panties down, and then off.  She pushed Cleo's legs far apart ordering
her. "Keep your legs far apart, or I will add another 10." Cleo whimpered
lightly as David prepared to whip her ass again. He decided to start on the
tender under edge of her ass and move upward.

SMACK! Smack! SMACK! Smack! SMACK! Smack! Now he moved so that he was directly
behind her and could attack her puckered ass hole directly. Smack! "Ohhh!" The
belt landed directly on her unprotected anus.  SMACK! "Ohhhhhhh!"  SSMMAACKKK!!!
"OHHHHHHH!"
SSSMMMMMAAACCCCKKKK!!!!! "OHHHHHHHH!!"

Again Kathlyn stopped him, noting that Cleo only had 10 points left.   She took
Cleo to a large overstuffed chair and had her lie with her shoulders on the seat
of the chair and her legs splayed into the air above.  She had David go behind
the chair and hold Cleo's legs high and apart so that her sex and anus were
pointing straight at the ceiling. Kathlyn took the belt and positioned herself
in front of the chair, she obviously intended to whip Cleo's ass hole and pussy
simultaneously.  Smack! "OOOHHH!" SMACK! "OOOUUUUUXCCCCCHHH!"  SSMMAACCKK!
"Ohhhh My Gosh! Owwwwww!" SSSMMMAAACCCKKK!!! "OHHHHH FUCK! OHHHHH!"

Kathlyn stopped, "Okay, Cleo that will be 10 additional points, let's use the
cane instead though."  She got the cane and proceeded to seriously punish and
beat Cleo's tender pussy and ass hole. WHAP! "OHHH!"  WWHHHAAAAPPP! "OHHHHH!!!" 
WWHHHAAAAAPPPPPP!!! "AAAHHHHHGGGGG!!! OHHHH!" David could see the welts rising
between Cleo's legs already. David was surprised at how brutally Kathlyn had
beaten Cleo's sex.

Cleo was given a few minutes to get herself together. Kathlyn busied herself by
tieing David's hands together behind his back.  She took the belt and ordered
David to stand with his legs apart and his back against the wall. She began
whipping his cock. Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap!  She didn't slow down though or
change the tempo, she just whipped his penis with the belt, from side to side
and top to bottom.  Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap!
David was begining to think that this would be the sum of his punishment, just a
pure light cock beating.  Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap!  Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap!
Whap! His cock was beginning to get a raw tingly feeling to it, each stroke made
it a little worse.  Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Kathlyn paused to give the
belt to Cleo then the cock whipping continued.  Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap!
Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! David's cock was now completely raw and the
punishment went on  Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Now each stroke felt like it
was tearing the skin of hiw raw prick.  Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap!   Whap!
Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap!  Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap!
Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap!

Finally they stopped. David's breath came in ragged gasps. Kathlyn untied his
hands and told him, "David, you have 5 minutes in which to masturbate and cum. 
If you do not finish in 5 minutes your punishment will continue." 

David grabbed his raw cock and attempted to stroke it, but it was too sore, he
tried and tried but it was just raw. Finally he gave up with a minute to go, he
was a long way from coming. Dejectedly he admitted that he could not cum. 
Kathlyn ordered him to lie with his back on the desk, then she and Cleo went
about tieing his hands and feet to the legs of the desk so that he was exposed
and spread eagled. 

Now Kathlyn took some cream and began spreading it on his cock and balls. It had
the same initial coolness and minty smell.  The the burning pain began. It felt
like his cock was on fire.  He was sweating bullets, then it got worse.

Kathlyn had a long cotton swab about eight inches long she dipped this in the
cream then grabbed David's cock. She rammed the swab right up into his cock
hole. Fire shot up his cock shaft and he could barely breathe the pain was so
intense. Kathlyn and Cleo let him writhe in pain for about 10 minutes before
they finally pulled out the swab, washed off his cock and ran some cooling swabs
up his penis.  When they untied him he could hardly walk being exhausted from
the blistering torture.  Kathlyn informed him that he was down to only 1395
left.  And they helped him to bed.




MANX
Chapter 13

David woke up Wednesday morning his cock was still sore from last night's
beating.  He showered and hurried down to breakfast where he was just in time. 
He cleaned his room and studied diligently all morning. His afternoon study
session with Linda went well, there was only one quiz and he aced it. Dinner was
great, when he got back to his room there was a note that he was to strip before
entering the library and was to wear a blind fold as well.  The thick piece of
black cloth was under the note.

When nine finally came around he stood outside the library door and affixed the
blindfold.  When he entered someone placed a cloth bag over his head.  He heard
Kathlyn's voice from across the room as someone else secured the bag in place. 
Kathlyn said.

"David, I don't have time to punish you this evening so we have a mystery woman
to do you tonight.  She will handle you tonight and report to me the results. 
If you give her any problems it will be very bad for you." David heard some
walking a little distance away, and a few whispers.  Then Kathlyn walked past
him and apparently left the library.

In actuality Kathlyn was alone with David in the library, she had some plans for
this evening and she didn't think it would be good if David knew it was her. 
She tied his hands behind his back. David wondered who it was that was going to
punish him this evening. As soon as she had his hands tied she was groping his
cock and balls.  She began sheding her clothes as she fondled and stroked his
manhood.  At first she wanted to suck his big cock into her hungry mouth, but
she decided that she should actually punish him some before she got to the pure
sex portion of her plans. She turned off the tape recorder that she had used to
fool David and set to her task.

She grabbed his balls with both hands and yanked them down vigorously. His cock
bounced deliciously in front of her face.  She liked that action, and set about
yanking his balls around in dirfferent directions just to see his cock dance!
She forced his legs apart so that he was standing with his feet about as far
apart as they would go.  Then she lined up and kicked him in the balls as hard
as she could. David hit the floor in a heap, his balls had been cracked like
never before. Then as he lay rolling on the floor Kathlyn walked over and caught
his scrotum between her toes. She got his balls between her toes and the floor
and started stepping on them. David was writhing and moaning on the floor.  She
finally stepped off of his balls. And set about tying his legs to the furniture,
she made sure that his legs were eagled apart about as far as they would go.

Having prepared him thus, she got a dictionary and placed it between his legs.
Placing the corner of the book underneath David's balls. Then she tied them in
place with a shoe string.  Making sure that they were secured and bound directly
on top of the hard surface. Now his balls were in the perfect position for
beating like they had never been before.  Kathlyn took a ruler and set about
hitting David in the testicles.WHAP! WHAP! WHAP! WHAP! WHAP! WHAP! WHAP! WHAP!
WHAP! WHAP! WHAP! WHAP! WHAP!

This was not enough for her though. She got a wooden rod and beat them even
more.WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK!WWHHHAAACCKKK!!
WWHHHAAACCKKK!! WWHHHAAACCKKK!! WWHHHAAACCKKK!! WWHHHAAACCKKK!!

Even this was not sufficient, she got out a heavy rubber mallet. WHUNK! WHUNK!
WHUNK! WHUNK! WHUNK! WHUNK! WHUNK! WWHHUUNNKK!!! WWHHUUNNKK!!!

Finally Kathlyn stopped mashing his balls and watched as his black and blue
balls swelled.  She finally untied them letting them hang heavily between his
legs, they had swollen so that each was nearly the size of a soft ball.  She
noticed that David was passed out and his meaty prick was softening.  She tied a
shoestring around the base of his cock and soon his prick was hard again. She
crawled up on top of him guiding his thick cock up inside of her juicy slit. 
She rode him and rode him for about twenty minutes before she finally came. She
loved how his long thick prick moved around inside of her. 

She noticed that David seemed to be coming to, she quickly untied his cock.  She
did want to leave him with some painful memories though.  His balls were too
mashed to be any more fun tonight so she decided to torture his cock some before
she released him.  She took a nearby lamp and unscrewed the light bulb from it. 
Then using the socked she fitted it to the end of his cock, she then applied
some tape to keep it in place.  Then she flipped on the switch.  Zzzzzt!  "Gah!" 
Zzzzzzzzzzt!  "Ggaaahhouuuchch!" Zzzzzzzzzt! Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzt! That was
enough for now, she didn't want to fry his cock!  Well, David had passed out
again, she untied his hands and left a note that he should wait for her to
return.  Ofcourse David would not know who had tortured him.

She returned in an hour and forced David to jack off for her, despite his
swollen and tortured nuts.  She also made him describe in detail all the
tortures that had been carried out on him.  She told him that he had worked off
400 points that day!  So he only had 995 left.




MANX
Chapter 14.

David was glad that his point total was reduced by so much, still he didn't
think his balls could take much more pounding.  He walked slowly back to his
room holding his balls tenderly.

Thursday morning his balls were still swollen but the side of hardballs not
melons. He showered and dressed.  He chose his baggiest trousers since his balls
were really tender.  He had just finished getting dressed when Kathlyn came into
his room.

"No! Get out of those baggy things." She exclaimed, then she went to his closet
and started rummaging around.  "5 penalty points for a disorganized closet, you
are back up to 1000." She stated, turning towards him slightly.  "Get out of
those shorts as well, dear."  She selected a pair of jeans from the closet and
approached David.

She dropped the trousers on the bed and knelt to examine his bruised and batterd
testicals. She grabbed a hold of them squeezing and kneading them.  David
gulped, his nuts were really tender, and she was giving them a rough inspection. 
Finally she released them saying. "You seem to be okay, put these jeans on and
come down for breakfast."

David picked up the jeans and started pulling them on.  They were at least 2
sizes to small for him he realized. They were made of slightly stretchy fabric,
when he got them almost on he realized the jeans were going to be confining and
mashing his balls all day!  He was barely able to get them zipped up and he
hurried to get downstairs before 8:00 am. He barely made it.

When he entered the dining room Vicki and Sherri giggled ogling his crotch.  He
looked down and suddenly realized the outline of his cock and swollen balls were
clearly visibly through the stretchy material.  Kathlyn was tempted to make him
take them off and jack off for them right then and there, but, the thought of
him having his balls under pressure all day made her pretty hot as well. 
Kathlyn came up behind him and tugged his already tight jeans up and even
tighter against his balls. David could hardly breath the last few steps towards
the table.

The jeans were a pain all day.  Both literally and figuratively.  The bound up
around his nuts, they made it hard to walk and were generally uncomfortable. 
Fortunately he made it through the day without getting any more penalties.  The
difficult part came at 8:45 PM as he was up in his room getting ready for
punishment.  Vicki, Sherri, Cleo, Linda and Stephanie were all there.  They made
him unzip his jeans very slowly.  Stephanie and Linda were both taking pictures
as his swollen cock and testicles were finally freed from their imprisonment. 
Sherri and Cleo started groping him immediately.  Sherri fondled his cock while
Cleo kneaded his aching balls. Vicki approached and began pinching his cock head
in a vicious fashion.

Eventually they let up and allowed him to go to the library.  Kathlyn made him
jack off as she squeezed his utterly tortured nuts.  He finally came anyway,
Kathlyn told him he was down to 980 and to be a good boy tomorrow.

David went to bed and fell asleep immediately.  This had been a hard week and
tomorrow was Friday.  Maybe he would get some respite on the weekend.

The next day was kind of tough. His alarm did not go off so was gigged for 10
points for being late to breakfast. His room was gigged for a full 50 points
since he didn't have time to clean it. Linda gave him two bitching tests, he got
a 72 and a 53 for another 75. Two farts after dinner were 30 points each. Great
he had started the day with 980 now he was up to 1175!

Kathlyn was there in the library alone when David got there.  She was carrying a
chrome rod that was attached by a cord to an electrical outlet. There was a
control on the handle. Kathlyn told him that "This will help me punish you
without wearing myself out. It has 20 settings from low." She set it at one and
touched it to his balls. Zzzt! Immediately a shock racked his testicular area.
"To twenty." She turned the knob and prodded his balls with the rod.
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZT!

"GGGGGGGGAAAAAAAHHHHH!!! GAAAHH!!" He found himself laying on the floor his
balls vibrating with left over energy.  Kathlyn continued.

"Congratulations you are down to 1155 already!  All I have to do is prod you
with this 50 or 60 times and you will be at 0!"  She prodded his balls again. 
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZT! ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZT! ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZT!

Tears were welling out of David's eyes.  Kathlyn told him. "You are doing great,
down to 1095 already!"

"Please," David cried, "some other punishment please!"

ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZT! ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZT! ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZT!
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZT!"  Down to 1015! Only about 50 more to go!  Or, ..., I
suppose I have another idea, that will worth 1000 points?! Would you like that?"

"Yes Ma'am! Anything! Please!"

"Okay but first David, stand up and touch your cock head to the end of my rod.
For 15 more points. Then I'll schedule your treatment for the last 1000."

David got up and slowly moved towards the prod, he grabbed his cock with both
hands and forced himself to place his cock head to the electric prod.
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZT!

"Good boy! Good boy, now go get some sleep, well fix you up tomorrow."

David couldn't think what would be worth 1000 points but it would be over
tomorrow atleast.

He woke up in time for breakfast. Kathlyn and Stephanie were there and told him
to go get the Saab 9-5 ready for a short trip after breakfast. They drove him to
a small clinic where he was given sedatives to go to sleep.  When he woke up, he
had a tight sore feeling around the base of his cock, but it wasn't too bad. 
Kathlyn told him, "You are down to 0 points congratulations!" The doctor came
out and told him to come back in 3 days to get the stitches out.  Stitches?

He didn't realize til he got to his room and disrobed what had been done, he had
been given a penis enlargement. His formerly big cock was now huge, 12 inches
long and 3 inches thick it was a monster cock ... he loved it!




MANX
Chapter 15.

Things were pretty quiet for the next month.  David's equipment healed, all the
ladies were pretty forgiving considering his wounded state.  By the end of the
month though he had still accumulated 234 points. Most of these had come from
academics with Linda.   He went down for breakfast on the one month anniversary
of his operation.  Amazingly all of the ladies were there for breakfast. 
Kathlyn, Stephanie, Cleo, Sandy, Linda,Vicki and Sherri were all seated facing
him when he came in.  They were mostly smiling broadly. 

Kathlyn said "The moratorium on your punishment is lifted and that he would
begin by stripping."

David began to comply.  They all watched as he spent the next few minutes
disrobing. There were oohs and ahs as his prick finally came into view. It was
semi-hard and meaty, and hung heavily downward at a 30 degree angle.  Kathlyn
ordered him to bend over the table. Each of the ladies gave him 5 straps with
the belt accross the buttocks.  They weren't too hard in general but the effect
on David's cock was tremendous.  He was at full hardness now and when he stood
up his prick pointed up at a 60 degree angle and was hard and veinous. A full
twelve inches in length and three inches thick.  He was down to 199 and he only
had a sore ass. 

Kathlyn told him "Here is your task, today you must cum for each of us at least
once.  Each time you do your penalty will be reduced by ten. For each failure
will be counted as a refusal for punishment and you will be penalized 100. Each
of the ladies will also punish you for 20 points.  You will be alone with each
lady for 30 minutes.   At 12:00 noon you will come to the library as your daily
punishment. Hopefully you will be down to just what you owe me and we will
finish there. After breakfast Sherri will have you first, you are not allowed to
wear any clothing today as well. The order is Sherri, Vicki, Cleo, Sandy, Linda,
Stepahanie, then me. Good Luck!"

Sherri told David to go upstairs and wait for her after breakfast. She finally
showed up at 9:07. Immediately knelt in front of him and told him to "Start
beating it!"  He began stroking his meat and was hard in no time, since he had
not come for a month.  In seconds he was in his own world and about ready to
cum.  At this point Sherri grabbed one of his hardball sized gonads in each hand
and began to squeeze and knead them as hard as she could. This caused David to
explode, but not before Sherri had clamped her firm dark lips around the head of
his prick sucking it as hard as she could.  David had a mind blowing orgasm that
must have lasted a minute and a half as Sherri milks his nuts of cum.  He filled
her mouth and it dribbled down her chin.  David collapsed onto the bed as Sherri
continued to massage his balls. 

He thought she wouldn't punish him since when he looked at the clock it was
9:27.  But she tied his balls with a shoe string and immediately got the cane
she had brought with her.  She forced his legs wide apart and began hitting his
balls. SSSWWWAAAKKKK!  SSSWWWAAAKKKK!  SSSWWWAAAKKKK!  SSSWWWAAAKKKK! 
SSSWWWAAAKKKK!  Each stroke brought increasing pain.  Sherri laughed as she left
reminding him.

"Good luck with the next six cums honey!"

He noticed Vicki had watched the last 5 swats from the door way.

Vicki took the cane from Sherri and immediately started in on David's nuts.
SSSSWWWAAAKKKK!  SSSSWWWAAAKKKK!  SSSSWWWAAAKKKK!  SSSSWWWAAAKKKK! 
SSSSSWWWAAACCCCKKKK!

David was wracked with pain now.  And it seemed to intensify when Sherri finally
took the string from around his nuts. Vicki told him that she wanted to see him
"do it in the shower. " and she proceeded to shuck out of her clothing so she
could go in with him. Minutes later they were in the shower and she was soaping
up his prick which was begining to come back to life.  She fondled him quite a
bit.  And he was not amazed to see his prick fully extended and ready to jet
again in just few minutes.  Vicki had a gorgeous body with creamy skin and
reddish brown pubs.  She told him to start stroking himself as she soaped and
fondled his nuts.

Soon he was milking a stream of cum out of is cock as Vicki glowed catching it a
rubbing it on her tits.  She told David he should lick her tits clean.  He did
as he was told continuing to milk his cock in the warm afterglow of his
ejaculation.

Minutes later they were drying each other off, and David had almost forgotten
his ball beating.

Cleo was next and she was not late one second.  She was carrying a heavy looking
braided leather belt.  She told David to start jacking off. She did not seem to
be in a good mood.  David was just getting his somewhat tired prick into action
when Cleo stopped him.  SSSSSWWWWIIIPPPP!!! She nailed his cock with the braided
belt.   SSSSSWWWWIIIPPPP!!!  Again but on the other side.

"Continue.", she said.  David looked at the clock only 10:02.  He began stroking
again but his cock was abraided and it was sore and rough.  Nonetheless by 10:06
he was building up a head of steam so to speak. "Stop!"    SSSSSWWWWIIIPPPP!!! 
SSSSSWWWWIIIPPPP!!!  SSSSSWWWWIIIPPPP!!!  SSSSSWWWWIIIPPPP!!! She his his cock
up down left and right. Now it was really raw and red!  "Continue."  He began
beating of again but it was very sore now, and he was running low on cum.  David
looked at the clock.  10:08.  By 10:20 he was getting ready to cum again.

"Stop!"   SSSSSWWWWIIIPPPP!!!  SSSSSWWWWIIIPPPP!!!  SSSSSWWWWIIIPPPP!!! 
SSSSSWWWWIIIPPPP!!! Again from all directions.  "Continue!"

He grasped his raw member and again began stroking.  He stroked and stroked
until he was on the virge of cumming. "Stop! ... STOP!"  David stopped he looked
at the clock, 10:29:30.  His cock dribbled then exploded, send spurts of jism
onto the floor.  He ahd just made it.  Cleo was furious, but David had won!

Sandy came in the door and asked Cleo "How did it go." 

"It came." Cleo grumbled and left.
Sandy told David she had good news and bad news.  "Good news, I won't be
punishing you today, though you still have to cum for me.  Bad news. Stephanie
paid me $200.00 to let her have my 20 points. So, ..., she will get you for
forty. Now come here honey, I have something for you.  Do you want the pain to
go away? You do? I have just the thing!" She took out a tube of some cream and
began smoothing it onto David's prick.  Instantly, soothing relief came to his
raw cock.
His prick relaxed and she lead him to the bed having him lie down and relax.

At 10:45 David looked at the clock and said.  "Gee, I'd better jack it for you!" 

"Sure, go ahead." Sandy smiled.

David grabbed his prick and began to stroke it, unfortunately is was completely
numb.  Sandy laughed!  "Yes, I tricked you! If you wash it off now, you should
have full feeling in about 20 minutes!"

"Shit!" David exclaimed! "FUCK ... IT!"  Sandy tisked and said.  "Sorry David,
that's twenty points more. You had better wash up!"  She followed him to the
bathroom where he soaped and washed and rinsed his numbed prick.  David had been
doing so well, he had been three for three, with 90 marked off.  Now he was down
120, net loss minus 30 and a long way to go!

Sandy helped him wash for a few minutes until Linda came in.

Linda told him to get his prick hard so that she could begin his punishment.
David Assumed he was going to get a cock beating but he was wrong.

As soon as he was hard Linda had him come over to where she was sitting on the
bed.  David did, his long thick heavy cock hung just in front of her face.  She
pulled out a fireplace match, it was about 12 inches long. This she shoved deep
into his cock, so that tip of the match head was just inside his cocks head,
Then she rammed two more into his cock hole. Now three match tips crowded his
cock slit. Now she forced a fourth between them but the left the head barely
exposed.  A final fift match was added though this one protruded about 8 inches
beyond the others.  Taking out a safety pin, Linda pierced through the underside
of his cock shaft securing the matches in place.  A second safety pin finished
the job.  Now Linda took out a normal match telling David.  "If you jack off
fast enough you might not get burned!"  Then she lit the match and ignited the
match tip farthest from his cock head!

The match flared ominously and fiercely. David reeled as the thought of the
match tips exploding in his cock head raced through his mind.  He masturbated
like never before.  Sweating as the match burned closer and closer to his cock
head. He angled his cockup to slow the burning but it helped very little.  He
watched as one inch burned quickly then the second then the third. He was making
some progress, when the match sputtered and about an inch of it flamed at once!
Only 3 or four inches to go and his cock head would be burnt from the inside!

He thought he could make it, he was nearly to come with about an inch to go.  He
prayed for the match to burn slowly.  Suddenly he was coming, his relief was
enormous. Sperm dowsed the 4 match heads jammed into his cock head. His orgasm
and relief combined to make him euphoric.  Then a poof. The match head that
poked out had flamed and was burning despite the cum dripping off it.  He
watched in horror as it burned away his sperm and continued on. PPPPOOOOFF!
David yelled as flame burst like a cannon out of his cock head.   Another blast
of sperm wrenched by the nervous overload dowsed the flames in a second though,
bringing some cooling relief to his prick head.

Linda reluctantly removed the pins from his cock then drew the sperm coated
remains of the match sticks from his cock shaft.  Tearing at the sensitive
burned slit at the tip of his cock as she extracted them.

David slowly looked around, he saw that Cleo was there and had video taped the
whole thing. She had an evil grin on her face, like she had witnessed her
ultimate fantasy. 

Dave looked at the clock, he was still in a daze from his cock burn.  Sandy and
Stephanie were in the doorway talking.  Stephanie came in and smiled at David. 
"Sandy just sold me her 100 points on you, that plus my 20 and the 20 she sold
me earlier makes 140 points.  Of which I can use forty today.  But, I think I
will wait. I don't think you can come again.  That will give me 240 points!
Unless you wish to make a wager?"

"What's that?" questioned David.

"Well," said Stephanie, "If you can't come for me, that would be 240 points. 
Here is the deal, if you can come for Kathlyn, I clear all 240 points.  If you
can't cum for Kathlyn, I get you for a full 500 points." David did the math
quickly, He owed Kathlyn 39 no matter what.  If he made the bet and lost, he
would be down 600, made the bet and won, 0.  If he did not make the bet there
were three possibilities, 340 for zero cums, 240 for 1 and 140 if he could do
two more.  He knew he couldn't make two more no matter what. He decided to go
for it.

"Okay, I'll take the wager. But if I win, I get to punish you for 50 points!"
David and Stephanie shook hands and the deal was sealed.  David looked at the
clock, it was already 11:45 he'd better head for the library.  With all the
ladies in tow he headed downstairs and over to the library.

By the time David got there, his cock was at half mast and sinking rapidly.  The
tip was red and swollen from the match heads and the shaft was abraided and sore
too.  He knocked on the door and Kathlyn told him to wait until noon. His cock
continued to shrink and deflate. By this time all of the ladies were there and
had heard about the wager.

At 12:00 sharp he again knocked on the door, Kathlyn told him to wait another 10
minutes, but that he had better have an erection when he came in the door so
they could continue.  If he failed she threatened to add another 50 to his
punishment. He waited and began to try to restore life to his cock.  At 12:10 he
knocked, he was jacking as hard as he could and he was only partially erect.

Kathlyn looked at him.  "Your prick is only half solid honey.  So I will add 25
that sounds fair total 64. Punishment will begin when you are fully hard.  After
punishment you can cum for me. If we don't get to your punishment because you
have a weak penis, I will double your punishment to 200."  David began jacking
again. By 12:20 he had his cock hard, but he was having difficulty maintaining
it. He told Kathlyn and she came over with a black box. It had three cords
coming out of it. One cord ended in a elcctrical plug the other two ended in
silvery adjustable metal bands.  There was a dial on the box from zero to ten. 
Kathlyn attached the bands to his genitals one around the cock head, one around
his balls where she tightened them in place. She plugged in the device and
placed the device on the desk. 

She turned the dial to 2 and depressed the dial. ZZZZZZZZZZT!! It was a pretty
strong jolt but David had had worse. After 20 seconds it popped up and Kathlyn
said. It is a geometric scale David, here is 3." She adjusted the dial and
depressed it ZZZZZZZZZZT!!! "You have just completed 5 points of your punishment
you are at 59. What do you want next?"  David considered he had about 8 minutes
left and he must come to avoid Stephanie. 

"Ill try a 5 he said." ZZZZZZZZZZT!!!!! "Gaaaahhh!" David was on his knees
gasping. "6" ZZZZZZZZZZT!!!!!! "UGGGG!" He was down to 48 and had 7 minutes
left, but he needed time to cum! "8 please." ZZZZZZZZZZT!!!!!!!! "8 more."
ZZZZZZZZZZT!!!!!!!! He felt like his balls were in a vice and were being pulled
off, but he was down to 32 with 6 minutes left. "9 twice he said.
ZZZZZZZZZZT!!!!!!!!! ZZZZZZZZZZT!!!!!!!!! "4 please." ZZZZZZZZZZT!!!!  He looked
at the clock through blurry eyes 4 minutes left. "10." ZZZZZZZZZZT!!!!!!!!!!

Kathlyn ordered him to "Jack off, hurry! You only have 4 minutes."  David tried
to jack off but his prick had been shocked completely numb it felt like a rubber
hose in his hand. 4 minutes later he had been unable to produce a single drop.




MANX
Chapter 16

Kathlyn disconnected the device from David's tortured penis and scrotum.
Stephanie wanted to know if she could begin her 500 immediately.  Kathlyn
replied "Okay, but only for 50 he is pretty tired." 

"Time for two serious specials!" Stephanie exclaimed.  She took two matches from
Linda.  The first she lit and then holding David's cock head She jammed the
first deep into his cum hole so that the head was not even visible. Then she lit
the second and holding Davids cock in her other hand she rammed the flaming head
into his cock igniting the first match.  While David writhed in pain she grabbed
him by the balls and pulled him over to the desk. "Hold your balls up on the
corner of the desk David."  Then she got a large rubber mallet from Kathlyn. 
She aimed at his nuts. WWHWHHHUUUUUNNNKK! WWWHHHHUUUUNNNKKK!!!!

David woke up somewhat later.  The matches were still jammed into his now limp
cock and his balls were again swollen to soft balls size. He looked at the
clock, 1:30. Oh shit! He was late for his study session, missed lunch entirely.
He pulled the match sticks out of his prick and headed downstairs.  He took a
test from Linda when he got there. She said that it started at 1:00 and he had a
half hour left so he pretty much blew it. He got a 32. So he was down another
128. Total down 228 to Kathlyn and 450 to Stephanie.  The rest of the day went
okay He got gigged a full 50 on his room to bring it out to 278. By nine pm he
was completely exhausted Kathlyn made him jack off for her again. He was barely
able to do it and got a ball whipping for 50 more. So he ended up at 218 with
Kathlyn.  She told him that Saturday Stephanie would have him for the whole day
basically.

Kathlyn actually felt kind of bad for David.  He had tried pretty hard and he
was still down 668 at the end of the day.  Still he had a month off and now they
were just catching up on missed time a little.

David was very good the next three days. He was always on time. He kept his room
spotless. He studied hard and lost only 5 points on academics.  Kathlyn whipped
his ass good every night but she left his cock and balls without torment by
Friday night he was down to owing Kathlyn only about 120.  He was a bit unhappy
when she informed him that Stephanie would take care of those as well.  He was
into Stephanie for 570.

Saturday morning Stepanie was there at breakfast. As they ate breakfast she
explained that she would punish him today, and that his punishment would be
decided by to dice.

First die.

1.  Face 
2.  Ass
3.  Cock
4.  Balls
5.  Double
6.  Stephanie Choice

Second Die

1.  Fire
2.  Electricity
3.  Special
4.  Whipping
5.  Squeezing
6.  Double, or choice.

Also she noted that if a category was visited twice she would double the
punishment.

After breakfast they adjourned to the library.  She threw the first die. She got
a 4, then a 5.  She took both of his balls in hand and sqeezed them vigorously. 
Then she marked a 1 on a piece of paper.

Her next throw was a five, three, she had to reroll the five, a three and a six,
she chose a three for the six.  That was a triple special.  So she gave his cock
three coats of icy hot.  She left it on for three minutes and marked three on
the paper for a total of 4.

She rolled a double 5 next time so they knew something was getting squeezed
double. Then Stephanie rolled again and got a 4, so his balls would be squeezed
to level four?  Stephanie attached a clamp to his gonads and cranked it up to 4. 
This wasn't too bad, but she the clamp on, she marked 8 on the paper.

Then she rolled a 6 and a one.  At this point she jammed a match into his cock
and lit it. Letting it slowly burn down to his cock head.  It burned pretty
badly. But worse was watching it.  She marked an 18 on the paper, fires are
always 10 muliples she explained. A four and 1 followed, so she burned the hair
on his balls away.  He was up to 28. Another 4,1 followed. This time she jammed
a burning matching onto his right testicle. She marked a 48.  Then she threw a
5,2,1 a double shock to the face. She got out Kathlyns prod and turned it up to
to, shocking David's cheek.  He was up to 50!

Surprisingly she rolled the exact same on the next roll.  She cranked it up to
eight and shocked his chin.   This left him dazed and groggy.  She next rolled a
3, 4.  This was easy a normal cock whipping. She hit him 5 times though slapping
his heavy cock back and forth.  She marked 63 on the paper.

She rolled a 4, 5 next. This was more ball squeezing. She grabbed the clamp
around David's balls and cranked it to eight tugging it on each click. No his
balls were being seriously squeezed. Stephanie marked 71 on her paper.

Next Stephanie rolled a 3, 6.  His cock would be punished, should she double it
and take a random chance on the type of punishment, or choose. She chose to
gamble, and threw a 4. Damn she said. Stil that would be 20 cock whippings.  She
got the belt and commenced.SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!
SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!
SMACK! SMACK!

She marked a 91 on the paper. And rolled again. She rolled snake eyes. She
ordered him to open his mouth. She lit a match and extinguished it on his
tongue. 101.

She rolled a 6,2 and decided to shock his ass, Zzt! 102.

She rolled a 2,4 next and gave him a good ten stroke ass whipping. 112.

Still he was recovering from that glazed look a bit. 6,5 here we go she said.
She chose ball squeezing.  So she cranked up the setting on David's ball clamp
to 16.  This had him kneeling on the floor in pain. 128.

A double two.  She turned the dial in the prod to 2. And shocked his ass again.
130.

Now a two one. She lit another fireplace match and rammed it into his ass hole. 
124.
Now she rolled a one six.  She decided to squeeze his head between her thighs. 
She had him lay on the floor as he pulled of her jeans. Then she clamped his
head between her thighs. Forcing his nose into her panties. She held him there
for a minute. 125.


Surprisingly she threw a 1, 5 next, so she sqeezed his head some more. She
noticed that this had a positive effect on his young cock. 127.

Amazingly another 1, 5 she removed her panties and sat on his face for a full 4
minutes. This had a very positive effect on his cock. 131.

A 3,1 this was what she was hoping for.  She jammed two matches into his cock so
that the head of each was just barely exposed.  Then She drew the matchbox over
his cock head! PfffPfffttt! "Auuuggghh!" he cried!  She calmly wrote down 151.
Things were heating up.

Next she rolled a 5,2 and a 4, a double ball shocking. She turned the prod to
two and zapped his balls. ZZZZT! 153

Next she rolled a 5, 1, 3 a double face special. She balled her fist and blasted
him in the nose twice. 173.

Now she rolled a 5, 5, 6 and then a 2, a double double choice shocking!  She
cranked the prod up to 16 and jammed it into his balls. ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZTTT!!!!
199.

Next a 5, 5, 4, then a 4.  A double double ball whipping. She positioned his
bound balls to the front then to a belt to them.  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK! 
SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK! 
SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK! 219.

Now a 3,2   a cock shocking level 1. Zt! 220.
Now another 3,2 ZZT! 222.

Now she rolled a 2, 4 ass whipping.   SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK! 
SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK! 230.

Now she rolled a 2, 3 ass special. She coated her finger with Icy Hot and rammed
it up his ass hole. 240.

Finally she rolled a 6, 1. A fiery cock torture at level 4!  Stephanie jammed 2
fireplace matches into his cock slit so that the heads were barely visible. 
Then she pulled out a string a poked it into deep into his cock with another
kitchen match head first.  About two feet of the string protruded from his cock. 
She pulled another match lit it, then fired the string. The string sputtered and
fizzed it was a fuse! SsssssssssFFFFFTTTTssssFFTT! His cock hole was really
being tortured now. 280.

Now Stephanie rolled a 2, 3. She lathered up a small dildo with Icy Hot and
reamed it into David'a ass hole. 300.

Now Stephanie rolled a 6, 4. She chose to whip his balls some more. SMACK! 
SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK! 
SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! 
SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK! 
SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  340.

Another 6, 4. She went right back to his balls. SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK! 
SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK! 
SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK! 
SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK! 
SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK! SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK! 
SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK! 
SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK! 
SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK! 
SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK! 420.

Now she rolled 4, 2 indicating balls shocking. She turned the prod to 16. Then
jammed it into his swollen bound and beaten testicles.
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZTTTTT!!!  436.

Then another 4, 2.  She cranked up the prod to 20 and zapped his balls two more
times.  ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZTTTTT!!! 
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZTTTTT!!!  476.

Now she rolled a 1 six. Deciding to sit on his face for another 8 minutes, she
thought it would be a good idea to complete is punishment in this move. 484.

While stradling his face she rolled again. 3,3 a cock special!  She took the
tube of ice hot and pushed the end of it into his cock slit. Then she squeezed
the contents into his cock. She counted it as bringing the total to 540.  To
finish him off she began to jack off his prick, rubbing the icy hot all over his
tortured cock and balls.  After 8 minutes of this she finally relented.

She imediately released the strap from his balls. Then she removed the dildo
from his ass. She took him to the bathroom and had him sit in a tub of water
while she soaped, lathered, rinsed repeated. He also squirted water up his cock
hole and ass to clean out the icy hot.  Finally he was cleaned and refreshed. 
She fed him a sandwich and put him to bed. Tomorrow was another day.




MANX
Chapter 17.

David woke up the next day still exhausted from yesterday's session.  He got
dressed and went down to breakfast.  Kathlyn was the only one there and she was
eating cold cereal.  He made himself a bowl and sat down beside her.  She told
him that Linda was taking the next two weeks off and that he would be starting
college in the fall.  She had set him up as a remedial student at the Manx
University. He would begin attending classes in three months.  Kathlyn had
apparently donated over a million dollars to the school and had a lot of
influence there.

She asked him how it felt to be free and clear of outstanding punishment. He
said it felt great.  A good feeling he was going to try to maintain. Kathlyn let
him eat breakfast, but then made him pull his trousers down so that she could
inpect the marks left by Stephanies punishing. After examinining him for a few
minutes.  She payed special attention to his cock, Probing the tip of his prick
and cupping his balls. She said that she would give him a 10 day respite from
punishment, including masturbation.  Of course, he was to strictly avoid
masturbating himself during this period.

He was pretty successful at it too. He maintained his room well, studied and
performed his tasks well. After the 10 days he had accumulated only 35 points. 
Unfortunately, he was getting hornier and hornier as time went by. He noticed it
himself after about 3 days.  After 5 it was getting painful.  By day eight he
was getting pretty crazy. By day 10 he was actually looking forward to the
library session when he would get to relieve some of the pressure.

Kathlyn told him that his punishment would be delayed though, since he was to
take Sandy out to a movie that evening. She would be there at 8 to pick him up,
and punishment would be at his return, 11:00 PM sharp.  David was somewhat
confused by this modification to the routine, but he thought Sandy was a pretty
sexy girl and he was more than willing to live with the confusion.

Sandy was there at 8:00 wearing a short skirt and nice blouse.  They packed into
the car and were off to the movies.  She was in high spirits talking about the
weather, which was a little sultry and the night air.  He noticed her skirt was
riding up pretty high, and soon his groin was full of a familiar tension.  She
smiled at him and laughed about the direction of his gaze, but did nothing to
adjust her clothing.  By 8:20 they were standing outside of the theatre. She
picked a chick-flick for the movie which he was not very happy about. But as
soon as they sat down she was all over him.  Kissing him deeply and probing his
crotch with eager fingers.

As the movie went on he was more and more aroused. Though he had ceased to pay
attention to the movie.  They were french kissing a lot, and she somehow got her
hand into his pants.  She was squeezing his prick insistently and trying to suck
his tonsils out the other side.  They were completely ignoring the movie. After
a bit he got his hand inside of her blouse after a little struggle with the bra
had gotten his hand around her left tit.  He began lightly pinching her nipple
and massaging her breast.  She closed her eyes and leaned back into the seat.

They continued playing with each other and kissing until the movie was finally
over.  Then they hustled out into the car for more heavy petting.  Suddenly
David thought to look at the time, it was 10:46 already!  He told Sandy that he
really had to be back by 11:00. They adjusted clothing a bit, and sped off to
the house.  They flashed into the driveway by 10:57.  He jumped out of the car
and raced to the library where he just made it to the door by 11:00.  He knocked
on the door and was ordered inside.  Kathlyn asked him how his date had been and
he told her it had been very nice.

He thought that he noticed Kathlyn seemed a little surprised/disappointed that
he was on time.

She handed him a piece of paper containing his new punishment schedule.

Requirements                                      Penalties
     Talking back                                      5
     Tardy for breakfast: 8:00 AM every day.                10
     Tardy for lunch at 12:00 NN every day.                 10
     Tardy for dinner at 5:00 PM every day.                 10
     Rude behavior                                20
     Vulgar language                                   20
     Grades less than 100%                             1-100
     Keep room tidy                               5-50
     Vulgar behavior                                   20-50
     Violating Curfew 9:30 PM                          50
     Smoking                                      50
     Destruction of property                           25-75
     Tardy for study session from 1:00 to 4:30 each day.              75
     Lying                                             75
     Drinking Alcohol                                  100
     Masturbating                                      150
     Tardy for punishment.                             150
     Absent from study session                              150
     Misdemeanor                                       150
     Disobeying a direct order                              200
     Having Sex,                                       200
     Refusal to accept punishment.                     300
     Felony                                            500

She began speaking, "You notice that your curfew is advanced to 9:30.  Now tell
me on your date if you commited any of these offenses."  David gulped.

"Yes Ma'am, I am guilty of vulgar behavior." 

"What did you do?" 

"I put my hand inside of Sandy's bra."

"Oh, is that all?  I'll only give you 25 for that since you had an accomplice.
Your total is 60. Now Strip and stand with your legs about 3 feet apart." 
Kathlyn made herself busy while David stripped off his clothes and folded them
neatly.  His balls were aching and swollen from the heavy petting that had taken
place with Sandy.  He completed his disrobing and Kathlyn approached him.

She had a number of thick rubber bands.  She stretched the first one out and
slid it over his balls and then let it close above his scrotum.  She stroked his
balls a few times with her finger nails as his cock began to fill to a heavy
meaty state.  She slid another rubber band over his nuts and dragged her finger
nails along the length of his shaft.  Another rubber band followed the second. 
David was beginning to feel an uncomfortable pressure in his balls. Kathlyn
grasped his balls and pulled down on them allowing the rubber bands to settle in
even tighter.  She applied another thicker rubber band now, then another.

David's cock was rock hard at this point.  Though his balls were in agony.
Kathlyn applied the sixth rubber band, poor David's scrotum was filling with
blood. Kathlyn used her finger and thumb to thump each ball two times. That
nearly sent David to his knees.  A seventh rubber band did just that.  She
deftly tied his hands behind his back. And applied three more of the thickest
narrowest rubber bands to his aching scrotum.  She took his ball sack which had
swollen to the size of a grapefruit and twisted it left and right a few times. 

"Now David, your punishment is to stay like this for 30 minutes.  2 points for
every minute."

David was in agony, his balls felt like they had a migraine in them. Kathlyn
would touch them from time to time, stroking, pulling, thumping.  Sweat was
rolling down his body as the minutes plodded by.  Worst of all his cock
continued to rage, it was an angry veinous red and bounced thickly with every
pulse of his heart.  Finally the thirty minutes came to an end.  Kathlyn to a
small pair of shears and in one careful stroke released all of rubber bands at
once.

David collapsed in a second.  His cock drooling precum on the floor in a long
wet strand.

Kathlyn untied his hands and warned him to absolutely not masturbate himself
that night.  But there was a problem.  His cock and balls had developed an
uncontrollable itch.  It had to be satisfied.  He immediately grabbed his prick
and started stroking it like a madman.  Kathlyn ordered him to stop, but he
could not.  His balls ached and his prick required immediate satisfaction. 
Seconds later large heavy globs of cum shot out of his cock.  His body relaxed
completely onto the floor as he dimly heard Kathlyn speaking.

"Vulgar behavior 50 points.
Masturbating 150 points.
Disobeying a direct order 200 points.

David your new total is 400.

Now get up and go to bed."




MANX
Chapter 18.

David woke up in the morning with a rampaging hard on.  Still he had little time
to get downstairs for breakfast.  He got downstairs as quickly as possible.
Kathlyn was just pouring a bowl of cereal, apparently the staff was off for
Sunday.  Kathlyn told him, "Honey, get your cock out and get it hard, I wanted
to try something." 

David undid his trousers and his semi-hard foot-long cock pronged out into view. 
Kathlyn had him approach the table.  She began methodically stroking his cock. 
After a few minutes when David seemed about to cum she poured milk on her cereal
and resumed stroking him.  When he started to ejaculate she directed his cock
over her bowl of cereal sprinkling it with loads of fresh sperm.  She was
careful to get as much as possible pinching the last bit from the end of his
prick, and licking it from her finger tips.. Then she added some sugar and began
to feast on the strange concoction.

David goggled slightly.  Kathlyn wrote the number 390 on a pad of paper as she
continued to munch on her sperm flakes.  David zipped himself up after a bit,
and sat down.  Between bites, Kathlyn read her planned activities for the day. 

"8:00 to 9:00 breakfast.
9:00 to 9:30 whip/torment David's balls.
9:30 to 10:00 masturbate
10:00 to 11:00 shower, relax.
11:00 to Noon whip/torment David's cock.
Noon to 1:00 lunch.
1:00 to 3:00 get some sun
3:00 to 4:00 tie weights to David's balls. Whip them.
4:00 to 5:00 masturbate
5:00 to 6:00 Dinner
7:00 to 10:00 Take David to the show.
10:00 to 11:00 Ball whipping, cock torture if needed."

"You had better get your breakfast, you will need your energy today."

As soon as breakfast was done she had him strip and and stand next to the dining
table. She made him place his balls on the edge and hold his cock out of the
way, while she got a spatula from the kitchen.  She took aim at his balls. 
SMACK!  His balls jumped out of place on the table. "David, Hold your balls so I
can whip them good."  David made fist around his scrotum so his heavy overly
large testicals prodruded between his thumb and forefinger.  SMACK!  SMACK! 
SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SSMMAACCKKKK!  "370."

Kathlyn took hold of his testicles a pulled him into the kitchen.  There she
tied his hands behind his back, and then tied his testicals with some kitchen
twine. She passed a loop of this through a hook in the ceiling and pulled it
taut, stretching David's scrotum towards the ceiling until she had him slightly
on his toes.

"Now, next time." SMACK!  SMACK!  "I tell you to stop" SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK! 
"masturbating" SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!   "You will stop stroking" SMACK!  SMACK!  
"Your cock!" SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK! 

Kathlyn stopped to write on her pad, 342. Then she pulled the twine a bit
tighter forcing him onto his toes even further.  Now she pulled a two tined
large kitchen fork from a drawer and jabbed him sharply in the balls with it
several times.  Following that she jabbed at the root of his cock a few times. 
Finally she began to use it as a whipping tool.WHOK! WHOK! WHOK! WHOK!  David
writhed but couldn't move too much since he would fall and yank his gonads.  The
two prongs were welting his balls mercilessly.

"Now!  Next time,"  WHOK! WHOK! "I tell you too,"  WHOK! WHOK! "Stop"  WHOK!
WHOK! "You"  WWHHOOCCKKK! "Will,"   WWHHOOCCKKK! "STOP!"   WWHHOOCCKKK! 
WWHHOOCCKKK!  On the final stroke David lost his balance and painfully stretched
his groin sack and it felt like his cock would be ripped out by the roots.

Kathlyn stopped and wrote  300' on her pad. "Now, you will hang there for
another five minutes."

A few minutes later Kathlyn returned and cut the twine with a knife.  She told
David, "You take a shower and clean up your room. You are not allowed any
clothes this morning. I will be up to inspect your room at 11:00 AM sharp."

Eleven rolled around very quickly.  David had his room spotless and Kathlyn
commended him. Surprisingly, Kathlyn had shown up for inspection completely
nude, though she was carrying a leather case. David that she had freshly shaven
her crotch and not a hair was in sight.  Kathlyn made him stand in the center of
the room with his head down while she inspected.  Finally she finished her
inspection.

She deftly tied David's hands behind him and opened the case in front of him. 
David's cock hung limp and long between his legs. Inside were 5 crops.  The
first was about two inches wide at the tip, the second about one inch, the third
a half inch, the fourth a quarter inch, the last looked like a thread or mayne a
wire. Kathlyn spoke, "We will begin with the largest crop.  You will receive 100
strokes, if you choose to go to the next smaller crop you will have your
punishment reduced by one third. So we start with the number 1 crop." Smock!
"Once you choose a smaller crop you cannot go back though so be careful. What do
want next, #1 or #2?" David's cock was getting thicker, though it still hung
mostly straight down.

"Number two ma'am."

"Very well. You have 66 strokes left." Kathlyn took the number two crop. Smack!
Smack! Smack! "Now you have 63, do you want to try #3?"  The number two wasn't
noticeably worse so David chose.

"Number three please."

"Okay, you are down to 42 already!" she got the #3 out. By now his cock was
pointing down at about a thirty degree angle it looked very meaty. Smeck! Smeck!
Smeck! "Okay that is 39, would you like to go for #4.  These stung quite a bit
more. But were still tolerable. He noticed his cock was pointing straight out
now.

"Number three please."

"Okay." SMECK! SMECK! SMECK! "You are down to 36, each time you stay with a size
I will increase the velocity of the strike. If you go to #4 the velocity goes
back down. What do you choose."  David's cock head was stinging, He could get
down to 24 quickly! Also he was nearly fully erect now, his prick head was an
angry red and swelling.

"Number four please."

"Good boy!  You are down to 24."  Smick! Smick! Smick!  These stung his cock
head fiendishly.  "Choose, #4 or #5?"

"Number four please."

SMICK! SMICK! SMICK!  David looked at his cock, three angry welts were raising
on his prick head. "Twenty-one left. Number four again, or number David?"  He
couldn't imagine anything worse so we chose #5.

"Number five Ma'am"

Kathlyn took out the #5 crop.  "You have 14 left now."

Snick! Snick! Snick! Snick! Snick! David gazed at his cock were five thin welts
criss crossed the three thicker ones.  Now the velocity increased. SNICK! SNICK!
SNICK! SNICK! SNICK!  Each of these felt like it was cutting his cock head, but
when he looked, there were 5 more thin welts but tiny drops of blood were
forming along each one.  SNICK!! SNICK!! SNICK!!  These actually did cut into
his cock head, breaking the skin in thin stinging line.  SSNNIICCKK!!!!  This
final one embedded itself into his cock head, and Kathlyn had to pull on it to
get it off his prick head.

She quickly took some cream out of the case and smeared it on his flayed cock
head.  "Next time I tell you to stop whacking off you will remember this!  You
are down to 200.  Let's get some lunch!"

They went downstairs and Kathlyn told him they would make sandwiches and drinks
then head out to the pool.  Kathlyn told him to get all the items from the
kitchen.  They made ham sandwiches with cheese.  She said, "It is too bad I
already got sperm from you at breakfast, it would have been perfect with a
sandwich.  I suppose I could use your cock to spread the mustard with though. 
Get your cock hard again honey."  David jacked his cock for a few moments and
soon he was hard enough. Kathlyn jammed his cock into the mustard jar then used
it to smear mustard all over her sandwich.

David washed up his cock after this and then followed Kathlyn out of the house
and towards the pool.  On the way he admired her perfect ass, and the way it
moved while she walked.  He day dreamed about shoving his cock into her ass,
though he knew it would never happen.




MANX
Chapter 19

The weather was perfect, they had a nice lunch by the pool, Kathlyn made him
smear sunblock all over her body.  She even spread her legs apart and had him
rub in the lotion all over her sex.  She told him.

"I want you back out here at 3:00 sharp.  There is a leather case in the
library, bring it out here with you.  Be a good boy and clean up the dining room
and kitchen for me.  Sherri will be in by now and I want you to help her,
whatever she says to do you do it.  If she wants she can play with you for a
while. But, you must not cum for her, no matter what. Also you cannot put your
cock inside of her, period.  Do you understand?"

"Yes Ma'am."

"I am serious, if you cum I am going to shock the hell out of you balls for the
whole remaining two hundred points. Plus another 200 for disobeying me.  Now you
go help Sherri, and if I hear from her that you were difficult in any way, I'll
shock your nuts for another 100. Got it?"

"Yes Ma'am." and David hurried for the kitchen.  Sherri was already there, when
he came in she grinned at him.  She was wearing tight white cutoffs and a
striped tube top.  She was looking really hot. 

"Okay, David here is a wash cloth, I want you to wipe the table with it.  Don't
miss any spots. Then I want you to clean the floor.  Here is the catch, you will
only use your cock, wrap the cloth around it, and wash everything."  She watched
him wrap the cloth around his cock.  And he got to work he used his hand to
guide his cock over the various surfaces. She kept telling him.  "That is one
huge cock you have there. Don't miss that spot. Get this one over here."  At one
point she grabbed his cock and rubbed on a spot for a while.  When he finally
got done his cock was getting pretty sore.

They went into the kitchen to do the dishes.  Sherri grabbed on to his cock and
pulled him along behind her.  They filled the sink with hot soapy water and
started on the dishes.  Sherri kept bumping his prick and squeezing it
intermittently. When the final dishes were done she grabbed his cock and plunged
it into the hot soapy water.  She slowly started stroking him, lifting his cock
out of the froth to look at it occasionally.  She started fondling his nuts.

"Sherri, Kathlyn said I'm not supposed to cum."

"Well then don't cum silly."  But she continued to stroke his meat.  Pinching
the head of his cock slightly on each stroke. David pulled back from the sink,
but she held onto his rod.

David groaned, he was not very far from coming and she had started tickling the
underside of his shaft.  She slowed the pace a little.  "Okay honey. You tell me
when you are getting close and I'll stop.  But I want to get a real eye full of
your prick.  Especially rock hard like this."  She spent a long time keeping him
on the verge of explosion. Teasing and pleasing then backing off.  It seemed to
go on forever.  Suddenly she said, "Well you better get going back to the pool." 

David looked up, "SHIT! It's almost 3:00."  Sherri gave his balls one good hard
squeeze before he sprinted for the library.  He grabbed the case as soon as he
found it and rushed out to the pool, The case was really heavy atleast 40
pounds. Kathlyn was laying on her back in the sun. She looked at her watch as he
came panting up. "You are exactly 1 minute and 32 seconds late.  You are tardy
for punishment, that is a plus 150 points. You are at 350 again."

He heard a voice from behind him, it was Sherri.  "He used vulgar language too!" 

Kathlyn said, "Hi Sherri, no clothing allowed out here today.  Would you like to
help me out a little bit? You can take care of some of the 370 points."  David
turned and watched as Sherri pulled of her tube top, letting her full and firm
breasts swing in the bright afternoon sun.  Then she bent to unzip and pull of
her white cutoffs and panties.  She had a nice curly thatch of pubic hair
between her thighs.

Kathlyn ordered David, "Spread your legs apart and turn around, honey. That's
it. Sherri open the case and get out the collar.  That is the one. Now clip it
around his scrotum.  Good. Tighten it up a bit.  Alright.  Now I want you to
take the belt and hit his ass 10 times.  Good girl now aim at his balls. And
snap the belt." SNAP! "Excellent you caught him right in the balls." SNAP! "Good
aim, you are a natural." SNAP! SNAP! SNAP! "Good girl that is your 20, now turn
him around. If you grab his penis and pull up on it his balls will ride forward
and you can swat them nicely."

David was surprised that Sherri was so in to his punishment.  She had a big
smile on her face and was clearly very interested in causing him some pain.
SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! She rained
ten quick blows before Kathlyn stopped her.  Kathlyn spoke, "Well David you are
down to 330.  Now we add some fun."  She grabbed something out of the bag, she
approached and clipped what ever it was to the collar around his scrotum.  She
dropped the item and David felt a yank on his balls as the one pound weight
swung from his scrotum.

Kathlyn pulled a wooden rod from the case. It was about 2 and a half feet long
and an inch thick. "David, this is our new ball whipping rod.  It is a base 5
points per whack. For every pound of weight though we add a point.  For instance
this counts 6 points."  Whok! David groaned as the shock of the heavy wooden rod
transfered its energy directly into his balls. Whok! Whok! Whok! WHOK!!  "There
you are down to 300.  Now let's add some more poundage."  Kathlyn placed 4 more
pounds of weights on his balls which were now cruelly stretched and hanging
about 4 inches from his body.  WHOK!  Sherri was levering his cock now. Bringing
his beaten nuts forward and back to meat the blows Kathlyn was delivering to his
them. WHOK! WHOK! WHOK! WHOK! "There you are down to 250. Let's speed this up."
At that Kathlyn added 10 more pounds to his scrotal weights for a total of 15
pounds.  She moved to stand directly in front of him apparently intending to hit
his balls from the side. "Sherri pull his prick straight up and hold it still." 
WWHOOKK!!  WWHHOOOKKK! WWHHHOOOOKKKK!   WHHHOOOKKK!!  WWWHHHHOOOOKKKK!!!!  "Good
boy, now you are down to 150.  Let us add another 5 pounds. Now look in this
mirror David!" David looked his balls were swollen to the size of two softballs
and were black and blue from the beating, the scrotum was stretched at least 6
inches from the base of his cock.. "Now it is your choice, 2 more, or 6 more and
your punishment is done for today."

"Just two ma'am, please."

"Okay, but you watch in the mirror.  The first strike is your right nut, the
second will be your left nut."  WWWWHHHHOOOOCCCCKKKK!  WWWWHHHHOOOOCCCCKKKK!!!!

David collapsed onto his knees.  Kathlyn and Sherri slowly removed the weights
from the collar.  Finally they removed the collar and massaged his balls for a
couple of minutes getting them back into a more normal position.

Kathlyn laid back down on her lounge and spread her legs.  She told Sherri "Lick
my pussy now, Sherri."  David was so dazed he thought nothing strange about this
as Sherri buried her face between Kathlyn legs, licking and slurping.  Kathyn
was toying with her own breasts as Sherri's head moved between her creamy
thighs.  This continued on for quite a while, David finally got his head
together enough to watch the show.  It wasn't much longer until Kathlyn grabbed
Sherri's hair and jammed the black girls head into her crotch.  Kathlyn squirmed
and moaned for atleast two minutes before her body finally relaxed.

"Thanks Sherri, please get dinner ready for us.  We will be dining at 5:00. 
David, go get cleaned up and dress, we will be leaving for town at 6:00 and I
will not tolerate any tardiness."




MANX
Chapter 20

Dinner was tasty, and they were ready for dinner in no time.  Kathlyn had put on
a cream colored knit dress that came down low almost to her ankles.  It was easy
to see she was wearing little if anything beneath the dress though.  David was
wearing the clothes that were laid out for him, some loose gray trousers with
white shirt and gray jacket.

After dinner they went to the garage and picked out the little Mercedes SLK and
put the top down.  Kathlyn was driving and it was wonderful weather, David
enjoyed the ride. His balls had shrunken down to a more normal size, each being
the size of a navel orange, though they were still black and blue from the
beating.  Soon they were pulling up to a seedy looking concrete block building,
with chipped and cracked paint.  The sign said "Salome's Play House."

Kathlyn spoke to him before entering. "You must do what ever I tell you to do in
here. You may not say a word ever, unless I say so.  Every time you fail, I add
100 to your punishment. If you are a good boy tonight, we will forgive you the
last 100 points."

With that they entered the building. David made sure to get the door for
Kathlyn.  They were greeted by an attractive indian woman.  "Hello Kathlyn, good
to see you again.  I see you brought a toy tonight. May I open the package?" 
The indian woman smiled at David with blindingly white teeth. 

"Of course Salome, he may be a little tender, but I think he will be okay for
tonights activities."

Salome, reached forward and grasped the front of David's trousers.  Experienced
fingers found his fly and pulled it down with one smooth motion. She reached
inside and found his cock in an instant.  She hauled it out into view then
reached in to grab a hold of his testicles and pull them from his trousers as
well.  She smiled even bigger when she got an eyeful of his footlong prick and
huge balls. She stroked his cock a few times while talking to Kathlyn.  "He is a
wonderful find, the other members are certain to be impressed. I see that he is
well into training too!"  Salome was massaging and rubbing his balls as his
nascent erection began.

"Actually this is my step-son.  I am doing my best to train him properly."  The
two ladies chatted nonchalantly for a few minutes as Salome continued to fondle
him and occasionally pinch the head of his prick."

"Well," said Salome, "we'd better get you inside the show begins in only 5
minutes."  Salome led them into a small dark theatre and sat them down between
other guests.  Most of the other guests seemed to be women between the ages of
25 and 50.  The sat in nicely cushioned seats near the back of a small theatre. 
David estimated that there might be 25 women there and about 5 men, and the men
seemed to be not older than about 30.  Kathlyn had his cock in her hand as she
slowly stroked the length of it, from base to tip.  Sometimes she would lightly
squeeze his cock head on the end of a stroke.  A young woman with long black
hair was sitting next to him and she smiled really big at him and said "Hello
There!"  She introduced herself as Diane, and then asked Kathlyn. "Is he allowed
to speak?"

"No, he is not allowed to speak tonight.  If you get the urge to play with him,
that is okay with me, but he is also not allowed to cum so be careful." The
lights went down.

Soon the movie started, it was apparently some medical documentary.  There was a
woman doctor and she was talking about semen production in the human male. She
looked to be about 37 or so and had her hair tied back in a bun behinde her
head.  She was clearly oriental, though she seemed to be pretty tall atleast
5'7". There were anatomy charts and scientific names.  Eventually three subjects
were brought in.  Kathlyn had relented in his cock stroking, but apparently
Diane thought it would be fun to pinch his cock head because that's what she was
doing.

They appeared to be young men, ages 19 to 16.  Each was told to strip and then
told to stand behind a thigh level clinical table with a beaker in front of each
one.  Each one was clean shaven in the groin area.  The doctor started a timer
and slowly and with measured strokes started jacking off the the eldest.  When
he was fully erect the doctor stopped and measured his penis length, girth and
testical size. Then she resumed stroking the young mans meat.  At the end of the
process the man came and she directed his sperm into the beaker.  She weighed
the result on a small scale.  Then on a poster board she marked the results. 

Age
     years: 19
Penis
     length: 18 cm
     girth: 15 cm
Testes
     girth: 20 cm
Orgasm
     time: 12.4 minutes.
     sperm: 9cc

She then proceeded to the next one and executed the same process on him.

Age
     years: 17
Penis
     length: 16 cm
     girth: 14 cm
Testes
     girth: 15 cm
Orgasm
     time: 14.4 minutes.
     sperm: 6cc

She then proceeded to the third subject and worked her magic on him as well.

Age
     years: 16
Penis
     length: 22 cm
     girth: 18 cm
Testes
     girth: 22 cm
Orgams
     time: 7.8 minutes
     sperm: 7cc

She then took each of the young men one at a time into a separate room where
another camera picked up the action.  She had them lay on an examining table. 
The eldest first.  She strapped down his arms and legs and gave him a rubber dam
to bite on.  She explained how that patient reactions were needed to ensure the
procedure was successful.  She then took out a piece of surgical rubber and tied
it tightly about the young mans balls.  She waited for two minutes massaging
them and thumping them occasionally, finally they were swollen and shiny. 
Kathlyn had a hold of his right testicle at this point and was thumping it
occasionally. Diane was stroking his cock every now and then as well.

Then she took out a large hypodermic needle filled it with some fluid.  She
explained that the amount of drug to be delivered was based on the girth of the
testicles cubed.  This young man would receive 40 cc's, 20 in each testicle. 
With that she took a hold of the young mans testicles and methodically drove the
thick needle into his left testicle.  She pumped in a small amount of the fluid
then stopped letting go of the syringe and saying, "10 cc's are injected each 2
minutes into each testicle."  She then prepared a second syringe driving that
into the young mans right testicle. She proceeded to force a second dose of the
drug into the mans right testicle.  She waited for another minute then pumped
some more into his left testicle.  She slowly drew the hypo out of his left
testicle.  On the right testicle she took the syringe adjusted it by pulling it
out slightly, changing the angle slightly the forcing it back into his gonad. 
Finally she pumped a bit more of the fluid into his balls. The camera did
considerable close up work during this operation.

The second subject took considerably less time, just getting 11cc in each
testicle.
The third one took considerable longer since he got 25cc in each testicle.  He
moaned and squirmed as the drug was being forced into his young balls. The
doctor turned to the camera, "Now we wait two weeks and revisit our subjects.
They will each receive another treatment at the half way point one week from
now. The amount of drug delivered is modified at the second dose. New
measurements are taken and the dosage is increased by 50 percent."

The next scene showed the three young men by the table.  The doctor proceeded to
take measurements of the three and forced them to cum into the beakers again. 
The results were added to the chart.

Subject 1
Age
     years: 19
Penis
     length: 18 cm       18cm
     girth: 15 cm        16cm
Testes
     girth: 20 cm        22cm
Orgasm
     time: 12.4 minutes. 13.5 minutes
     sperm: 9cc          28cc

Subject II

Age
     years: 17
Penis
     length: 16 cm       16cm
     girth: 14 cm        16cm
Testes
     girth: 15 cm        18cm
Orgasm
     time: 14.4 minutes. 15.0 minutes
     sperm: 6cc          17cc

Subject III

Age
     years: 16
Penis
     length: 22 cm       23cm
     girth: 18 cm        20cm
Testes
     girth: 22 cm        27cm
Orgams
     time: 7.8 minutes   9.6 minutes
     sperm: 7cc          27cc


Kathlyn was again stroking his cock and Diane was rolling his balls back and
forth with her hands.  He was having a hard time holding back his orgasm, though
he had nearly cum three times during the documentary he was holding out well.
The movie continued shortly.

"As you can see from these results, sperm production is up dramatically in all
of the subjects.
The treatment costs $1250 per 10cc's at the present time."  The movie ended
abruptly there, some credits rolled by and an address as well. Kathlyn whispered
to him, "We are going to get you that treatment too you know."

Kathlyn blinked as the lights came up, as did David and Diane.  Salome was at
the front of the theatre.  "Welcome members, guests and playthings. I hope you
enjoyed our little documentary!  Copies are available for a small fee of $125.00
I am sure you will want to pick up a copy before you go.  We have 5 playthings
here tonight.  We will proceed in order of newest plaything to most experienced
plaything.  I believe our newest is  David' would you and your owner please come
to the front." 

David made an effort to get up and zip up his trousers but Kathlyn would not
allow him to.  She fastened on to his cock like it was a handle and pulled him
along with her down the aisle to the front. There were a few laughs from the
audience.  Kathlyn took him to the front while Salome rolled out a large wheel
with various words on it.  Kathlyn spun the wheel until it came to rest on the
words  Oil King.'  Salome laughed and commented on "How fortunate for us that
this came up."  They made him lie on the floor while a small derrick about 6
feet tall was placed over his body centered above his groin.

His hands were quickly tied to the legs of the derrick which was fastened to the
floor.  Kathlyn held his cock straight up while Salome started a small engine on
the device.  There was a small axle turning slowly directly over his crotch. To
this was attached a long shiney chrome-steel rod with a blunt rounded end.  This
was lowered down to the tip of his cock.  His erection was full and Kathlyn
ordered calibration to take place. Salome responded, "Zero inches." Kathlyn
spoke next.

"Begin lubrication."  Salome turned a switch or valve and a clear baby oil began
dripping down the rod.  And finally onto his prick head.  The oil lubricated his
prick as Kathlyn continued stroking his meat.  All of the women were now
gathered around him.

"One inch!" Kathlyn announced. Salome turned the wheel and the tip of the rod
was forced into his cock hole. This hurt slightly and was very uncomfortable. 
"Two inches." This was even more uncomfortable as the rod was turning more
deeply inside his cock.  "Three inches." Now it was very uncomfortable, he felt
it twisting the innards of his cock.   At this point Kathlyn let go of his cock
and it stayed pointing straight up, transfixed by the shiny metal rod.  "Probe
until depth is reached!"  All the ladies clapped at this and Salome began
turning the wheel, forcing the evil hard probe into his cock hole. 

Salome called out.  "Five inches! ... 7 inches ... 9 inches ... 10 inches ... 11
inches a new record! ...
11.5 inches .... 12 inches .... 12.5 inches."  David could feel the probe
vibrating his balls now and pushing into the base of his cock.  "13.5 inches,
depth reached."  They left him like that for 10 minutes until he could stand no
more. Then the probe was removed and he was hustled off to a recovery room.

Later Kathlyn came to get him.  She said, "My you were a good boy tonight! 
Diane will be coming to visit us sometime soon I think. You are down to zero
points now lets go home." David already knew that he was in trouble though. His
prick seemed magnetized and he was not far having to jack off.

Kathlyn grabbed his cock and began stuffing it into his trousers, his cock was
bone hard though and was difficult to fit in. Finally she wrenched it in though. 
After this David almost jizzed in his pants but he held off somehow.  The ride
home seemed to take forever, David's cock kept throbbing and twitching.

When they got home, Kathlyn said, "Well we better get in it is getting kind of
late."  Then she patted David on the crotch.  "I hope to get that sperm
treatment for you.  I think it would be worth about 2000 points."




MANX
Chapter 21.

David's cock jumped in his pants and his breath sucked in involuntarily. 
Kathlyn chuckled lightly and commented. "You are pretty wired up now aren't you? 
Tell you what, I'll make you a bet, if you can make it to tommorrow morning
without coming, you get to punish me for 50 points, if I win, I get to punish
you for 250. Also, I would not be allowed to touch your cock until the wager is
over, of course, that would be cheating." 

David thought about it quickly. He though any chance of spanking her would be
worth it. "Yes, Ma'am!" he said. Kathlyn shook his hand and looked deep into his
eyes.  She followed him upstairs to his room and helped him take his clothes
off. Then she pulled him into the shower with her. She made him soap up her
whole body and rinse it off twice. He nearly shot off during that episode but he
held out some how.  Finally she washed him, not touching his cock, but she spend
consderable time on his balls. Finally they dried off and piled into bed
together.  Kathlyn said that her breasts were sore and made David massage them
for her. Finally she drifted off to sleep and David went to sleep also, thinking
the bet was nearly won. 

He woke up about 4 AM.  Kathlyn was massaging his balls gently, but insistently.
She was manipulating them in expert fashion.  First she caressed them, then she
was kneading them and moving them up and down.  Finally she got her hands around
them, one in each hand. Then she squeezed them intermittently while pulling and
pushing on them in various directions.  She was stradling his chest and facing
towards his nuts when she started them moving in opposite directions. Pumping
them forward and back.  She pulled the right one and pushed the left one, then
reversed directions.  She began increasing the pace and sqeezing them harder and
harder.

This treatment rapidly built the pressure in David's loins. He held back the
pressure fighting with all his might.  He lasted 5 minutes then 10. Then 15, but
he was beginning to weaken.  Kathyn had a vice-like grip on his balls and she
wouldn't let go.  Suddenly he could hold out no longer, his hips started to buck
and a thick glob of sperm ejected from his cock hitting Kathlyn in the navel. 
She quickly grabbed his cock and jammed it in her mouth, sucking on it like a
thirsty demon. David moaned and unloaded his salty cargo into her juicy mouth. 
She grabbed his balls again. Slowly moving them in unison now, forcing every
last drop of semen into her throat.

Finally he could cum no more. Kathlyn got up off the bed fishing the cum out of
her navel with a finger. She sucked it clean, looking at him in the dim light
she spoke, "Well, I win, you are back at 250.  I think that every time we go to
the show will count for 100 points from now on. Also, I think that treatment is
pretty severe, however if you get up to 2500 points I am going to schedule it. 
So you better watch out!"

Kathlyn went back to her room to sleep.  She woke up early and headed downstairs
to breakfast.  Already she was thinking of ways to get David up the required
level of punishment. Sherri has already down at the table and had her own idea.

"Kathlyn, I have an idea, we can get David in a lot of trouble!" 

"How is that?" she asked Sherri.

"Well, I have obtained these herbs, they are supposed to be a very effective
aphrodisiac! If we don't let him cum for a couple days, then drop this in his
food, he will become uncontrollably horny. I get into the shower with him.  Then
I get him to fuck me, I can do this because I will have caught him jacking off,
and he will be super horny too!  That will be 200 for having sex and 150 for
masturbating!"

"I will let you do that on one condition. Get him to put it up your ass, when
you think he is ready to cum, say  Here it comes!' If we can get him to keep
pumping you when I tell him to stop that will be an extra 200.  Up the ass is
sodomy, which is a felony here for 500 more. That will be 1050 all at once!"

"Okay, but I don't know if I can take it up the ass. I'll try though.  I was
hoping to have some fun to though."

"What kind of fun, do you want to punish him, or fuck him?"

"Mostly the later, but some of the first would be plenty of fun too! "

"Okay, if your plan succeeds, we will get him to fuck you too, also, if the plan
works, I will give you 150 points on him. We'll start by not punishing him, or
allowing him to cum for atleast 3 days, then we hit him with a full dose!"

"Thanks, that sounds great! Oops! Here he comes now."

David walked in to breakfast to find Kathlyn and Sherri chuckling about
something?




MANX
Chapter 22.

The next three days went very well.  Kathlyn said that she had strained her
shoulder and would not be able to punish him for a couple weeks.  Sherri was
being very nice.  He spent most of the days studying, he had placement exams
next week.  There would be four of them, and he wanted to do perfectly on each
of them. Kathlyn specifically forbade him to jack off until her arms were better
though, he was getting pretty horny but he was doing pretty good at keeping his
mind off sex.  He only got a few points to bring his total up to 275.

That all changed on day 4, it was Friday and for some reason, right after
breakfast he got a super raging hard on. He tried to study, but his cock was
pronging out like a flag pole.  Sherri kept bumping into him and groping him.  
Kathlyn was in the library with him most of the day so he could find no time to
stroke himself even a little.  Immediately after lunch it got even worse.
Kathlyn caught him rubbing himself twice so he got another 200 for each of
those, 150 for masturbating and 50 for vulgar behaviour.  So he was at 675. 
After dinner he was going crazy, he had to excuse himself to go shower early, he
was hoping to jack off when no one was looking. 

As soon as he was in the shower and stroking his cock though Sherri showed up.
She crowded against him in the shower, mashing her firm breasts into his chest. 
She grabbed the soap and immediately began soaping and massaging his aching cock
and balls.  She handed him the soap and asked him to wash her breasts as she
continued to fondle and wash his genital organs. He readily complied, rubbing
the soap all over her breasts and tweaking her nipples sharply with his fingers. 
This continued for a few minutes until she turned around and asked him to wash
her ass.  He rubbed the bar of soap between her as cheeks and began rubbing his
hands over her rounded hips.  He probed at her anus with his finger and she
immediately sighed and backed into his finger.  Hanging her head she let him
begin to ream her ass hole with his fingers.

He slid his soapy index finger up into her rectum and her body seemed to vibrate
around his finger.  He pushed in a second finger as she twisted and humped his
digits.  When he jammed in three fingers she was breathing heavily and squirming
on his hand.  She slowly pulled his
hand out and backed into him pinning his soapy cock between her ass cheeks. 
Placing his hands on her tits. She began sliding his body up and down against
his.  Sliding his slippery prick between her ass cheeks. Sherri was still
getting used to the idea of having that monster up her rectum.

She couldn't believe the size of his cock. Twelve inches long with fat knobby
head and curved shaft.  It had shrunk slightly in girth since the operation
though it was still about 2 and half inches thick.  She grabbed the heavy ridged
shaft and levered it down towards her anus and bending forward slightly.  She
relaxed her sphincter as much as possible and pressed her body back
towards him.  David grabbed her hips and rotated them slightly forcing the head
of his cock past the opening to her ass hole.

Sherri sighed and spread her legs further apart.  She reached between them to
find David's engorged prick. She began working it deeper into her ass.When about
4 inches were inside her hot ass David started pumping her. Reaming her ass a
little deeper each stroke.  Soon he was plunging eight inches into her. Sherri
loved the feel of pressure on her guts.  She noticed that he was thicker towards
the base of his cock and each deeper plunge reamed her ass just a tiny bit
wider. She grabbed his balls and pulled them forward. David grunted cramming
even more meat into her abused asshole.

He started slamming into her ass, pulling out 8 or 9 inches then powering back
in. After just a couple more minutes of ass reaming Sherri felt his balls
tighten and moaned. "Here it comes."

Kathlyn pulled back the shower curtain as David continued to load his massive
cock into Sherri's back door.  Kathlyn ordered him to stop and he even tried to,
but Sherri would not release his balls.  It was too much for David and he
unloaded his cream into her ass tunnel.  He relaxed as sperm began seeping out
of Sherri's steaming ass. 
Kalthlyn said, "Well David, you are in deep trouble again. 675 plus 1050, that
makes 1725.  Sherri will punish you for 200 tomorrow. Now finish your shower and
go to bed."




MANX
Chapter 23.

Sherri was there at breakfast with Kathlyn.  Kathlyn told David that she would
be out of town all day and that he was to report to Sherri.  Also she told him
informed him that his entrance exams would begin next Wednesday and run through
Saturday. One test each day.  Each test would be scored on a 0 to 250 scale. 
Each point he missed would count one punishment point. Kathlyn left at 10:00 and
Sherri ordered David to strip immediately. She spoke to him.

"Come with me to the library, we are going to start by shocking your balls. Also
I want your prick nice and hard for me so start beating it now."  Sherri got him
to the library and strapped him down face up on the desk.  Then she also
stripped, taking time to attach a set of metal cuffs to David's balls. Sherri
then produced a heavy black box with some buttons, two dials and three wires. 
One of the wires ended in a standard plug that Sherri connected to the wall. 
The other two ends ended in clips, one of the clips was black the other red. She
attached the black clip to the metal collar she had earlier strapped around his
scrotum. The second red clip she attached to his testicles.

She turned the first dial to 10, and the second dial to 15.  She spoke to David,
"This is 10 volts for 15 seconds." Then she pressed a red button. Mmmmmmmmmmm! 
The shock was rather mild and lasted only for 15 seconds not too bad actually.
More of a tingle than actual shock.  She showed him the dials.  The first went
from 10 up to 2400 and read volts, the second went from 1 to 120 and read
seconds.  "That was a warm up. If you displease me today, we are going to set
this to the maximum of both settings, if you please me we may not use it at all.
Still I must demonstrate it's uses.  I will give you more three samples. These
samples will count for 30 points, total.  Here is your first sample."  She
turned the voltage to 120 and the timer to 120 as well.  Then she pushed the
button. The electricity raced through his nuts, in a definitely unpleasant
manner. Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!

"There we go, now we increase the voltage to 600, and reduce the time to 30
seconds. Sherri grabbed onto his cock and sqeezed tightly as she pressed the
button with her other hand " Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzt! This was extremely
painful. David involuntarily arched his body. His cock jerked violently and the
electrons coursed through his balls.

"Good boy! Now we increase the voltage right up to 2400 and drop the time to a
mere 10 seconds."  Again she grabbed his cock, but this time she stroked it a
couple minutes prior to pressing the button ZZZZZZZZZT!!!   David arched his
body again as painful electrical bursts shot through his gonadal area.  His
balls jerked up and down for a good minute after the jolt rocked his testes.

Sherri made a couple of calls while David was still strapped to the desk.  She
crawled up on top of him and ordered.  "Okay, now I am going to ride you until I
have an orgasm, if you cum I am going to shock you, however, if I get off nice
and good, we reduce your punishment by 10 down to 160. Got it sugar? Good!" She
adjusted his cock and began working the massive head of his prick into her slit.
It felt so good and thick, though a tad painful on entry. David's cock was soon
wedged into her tight little pussy, good and tight. Sherri forced her body lower
and lower onto his prick, moaning and crying.  Her pussy was so juicy, tight and
hot David was having a hard time holding back his orgasm. Finally his cock hit
rock bottom, though he still had another two inches to go. Sherri was rocking
back and forth trying to force in the last little bit of prick.  Suddenly her
body started vibrating and shaking. Her face screwed into a painful wrenching
expression as waves of orgasms crashed into her. 

After a few minutes she regained some composure and started unstrapping David
from the desk. But she wasn't done with him yet. Oh no. Not yet.  She removed
the clips from his balls but left the metal collar in place.

Sherri told him to take a shower and to get dressed. He would be responsible for
making lunch as well.  Then after lunch she had some friends coming over, he
would provide entertainment for them.  David quickly took a shower and organized
his room.  After dressing he hurried downstairs to make lunch. He made soup and
sandwiches.

Sherri appeared, though she still had the black box with her.  She was dressed
in white pants and a short rainbow tube top.  She seemed to enjoy lunch soon the
doorbell rang and Sherri went to get the door.  She told him to take the black
box and go wait in the living room.

When Sherri came in to the living room she had five girls with her. They seemed
to range in age from 16 to 20 but David couldn't be sure.  They piled into the
chairs and sofas in the living room and then giggling turned to look at him
expeetantly. 

Sherri assured him that everyone was legal. Then she gave him an order, "I want
you to dance for us. Do it now!"  David didn't know what to do, so he started
dancing, he felt very, very clumsy.  Some of the girls laughed and he was
embarrassed horribly.  They put on some music and soon he was doing much better.
Sherri told him to take his shirt off and "Show the girls what you got!"  David
didn't mind taking his shirt off, though he was somewhat clumsy, it took his
mind off the dancing.

All the girls were getting into it now. "Take you pants off too!" One of the
girls yelled.  Suddenly it was a chant, "Lose the pants! Lose the pants!" 
Sherri told him to take them off, and so, embarrased, David complied.  It wasn't
but minutes later that one of the girls grabbed his boxers an yanked them to his
knees.  His prick sprang out and there was a sudden silence.  One of the girls
blurted out, "Damn, that is just not normal!"  David tried to pull his boxers up
but Sherri ordered him to shed them too. His cock was merely semi-erect, in the
thick and meaty stage.

Sherri made all of the girls line up, then she paraded David in front of them. 
David got a chance to examine each of them too. The first had straight black
hair and very dark eyes named Nicki.  The second was a thin black girl named
Tina.  The third was an indian girl named Lakshmi.  The fourth a red headed
teenager with freckles named Candy.  The fifth and last was blond with very
short hair and she looked about 16 if not 15, named Deedee.

Sherri made him dance and stroke his cock for a while.  Sherri warned him not to
cum.  After the girls got warmed up Sherri let each of them fondle him for one
minute each.  Then she announced a contest.  She said that Kathlyn had offered
$1000 to anyone who could make David cum.  Each girl was to be allowed 5
minutes, but no penetration was allowed. If the girl succeeded she would get a
thousand bucks. If David didn't cum his punishment would be reduced 20, if he
did it would be increased 100.

Nikki went first, she ginderly stroked his cock for 5 minutes before giving up.
140 points.
Tina was more enthusiastic, jerking his prick pretty actively but still failingm
120 points.  Lakshmi wasted no time in getting David's prick into her mouth. By
fondling his balls and sucking the head of his prick she had soon earned a
thousand dollars. But she didn't stop there she continued to bring him back to
performance level before her time expired, 220. Candy was unable to bring him
off as well, 200 points. Deedee, had significantly better luck, she stroked him
calmly and surely to a screaming orgasm, 300 points.  Sherri informed him that
he would only be punished for the 160 he still owed her, 140 would be added to
his total with Kathlyn.  Great now he owed Kathlyn 1765.

Sherri sent David to the shower and told him to meet her in the library at 8:00
oclock.  When David got to the library Sherri immediately hooked him up the the
black box.  She cranked the dial up to 400 volts and set the dial for 40
seconds.  Unceremoniously she flipped the switch.
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzt! "150 points." she turned the dials to 500
volts and 50 seconds Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz! "140 points! Good boy,
I told you not to cum though and you did." then she turned the dials to 600
volts and 60 seconds. ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZTT!!!  "Now sperm boy we
are warmed up. Let's max this puppy out." 
ZZZZZZZXXXZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZXXXZZXXZXZXZXXZXZ!"

"Now you are down to 130, you will now fuck me for at least 30 minutes, then if
I am satisfied we will shock you one more time then say good night."  David
achingly waited while Sherri stripped, he spread her legs and slowly entered her
juicy slit.  He began reaming her pussy.  Deeper and deeper he probed until she
was completely fucked out. And still he kept loading her cunt up with rigid
raging prick.  Finally she lay exhausted and sweaty, 40 minutes had passed. 

"Well David, I'll let you off for that last ten if you will just get me some
water." David got her the water but his balls ached still.




MANX
Chapter 24.

The days prior to the test went very quietly.  He owed 1675 points and had been
forbidden to jack off but it didn't matter too much since he was studying so
hard.  Kathlyn was still nursing her sore shoulder so he received no punishment. 
There were some gigs on his room though, dust over the door sill etc.  He owed
1700 points going into his exams. 

Wednesday came very soon and so his examinations began.  The first one was
literature.  The test started well enough.  There were 50 questions and David
was able to answer the first 30 with barely thinking. The questions were getting
more difficult though and he was struggling with each question by 40.  The last
7 or 8 questions were pure guesses for him.  The results were graded immediately
and he had to wait for the scoring only an hour or so.  The results were that he
got 195 points out of 250.  This brought his punishment total to 1755, but
placed him as a Sophomore in Literature.

Thursday's test was Mathematics.  David thought he would surely ace this test. 
He answered the first 40 questions without a hitch, but the last 10 were quite a
bit more difficult.  He ended up getting a 225. This brought his total to 1780,
but placed him as a junior in Mathematics. 

Friday's test was History.  David rocked this exam scoring 240 out of 250.  His
total only increased to 1790 and he placed as a senior.

Saturday was anatomy.  David hadn't studied this field much so we was somewhat
worried about it.  He got bogged down right away. He finished the last 35
questions pretty much just guessing. The results here were pretty bad.  He got
only 18 questions correct out of fifty for a total of 160 points added to
punishment.  His total was up to 1950 points.  Of course he placed as a
freshman. Classes would begin next Monday.

Monday came very quickly, he picked up his books in the morning and began
classes immediately. Classes progressed quickly.  The only courses David was
having trouble concentrating in were Greek History which was being taught by TA
named Bonnie who happened to be really hot, and English Literature which was
being taught by Diane. Bonnie looked about 25 years old and had smooth creamy
skin, shiny dark blond hair and really nice large breasts.  Diane of course knew
about Davids situation, all of the other women on campus seemed blissfully
ignorant.  His courses seemed to go very well for the first three weeks.

Bonnie had been a little startled when she noticed David.  He looked exactly
like the young man she had seen severely tortured in some black market S&M
videos she had obtained.  The man in the video had a huge cock and enormous
balls.  She practically creamed every time she saw him!  She set to planning how
she might verify if he was the one though she quietly prepared herself for
disappointment.

On the fourth week the first set of tests came up in three of Davids 5 courses. 
He had been told to bring all of his test results home to Kathlyn who was
finally getting over her shoulder injury.  David had been doing very well. 
Kathlyn had been allowing him to cum in her cereal occasionally to reduce
pressure.  His punishment points had drifted down to about 1940. David brought
his test scores home to Kathlyn in a sealed envelope on Friday evening.

Kathlyn had him bring the envelope to the library at 9:00 PM the usual
punishment time.  She read his scores:

"Differential Equations: 95
English Literature:      70
Anatomy:            85

Well, that brings you up to 1990 points.  I will be taking you out to the show
again tomorrow night.  Remember that is worth one hundred points.  I can hardly
wait to get you the testical treatment, though you are still not up to 2000
points, but you are getting close!  Once you are up to the proper point total we
will deduct the points and schedule the treatment.  You have two tests next
week.

I have redone our list:

Requirements                                      Penalties
     Talking back                                      10
     Tardy for breakfast: 8:00 AM every day.                10
     Tardy for lunch at 12:00 NN every day.                 10
     Tardy for dinner at 5:00 PM every day.                 10
     Rude behavior                                20
     Vulgar language                                   25
     Grades less than 100%                             1-100
     Keep room tidy                               5-50
     Vulgar behavior                                   20-50
     Violating Curfew 10:00 PM                              50
     Destruction of property                           25-100
     Lying                                             75
     Drinking Alcohol                                  100
     Absent from any class                                  100
     Masturbating                                      150
     Tardy for punishment.                             150
     Misdemeanor                                       150
     Grades less than 100% on finals                        2-200
     Grade for course B                                100
     Grade for course C                                250
     Grade for course D                                500
     Disobeying a direct order                              200
     Having Sex,                                       250
     Refusal to accept punishment.                     300
     Grade for course F                                750
     Felony                                            1000
     Expelled                                     1500

     Punishment          points
     ass/belt       1
     ass/ruler      2
     ass/cane       3
     cock/pussy/belt     2
     cock/pussy/ruler    3
     cock/pussy/cane     4
     balls/breasts/belt  2
     balls/breasts/ruler 3
     balls/breasts/cane  4
     special        10
     severe special      25

Now we will go show tommorrow night.  My shoulder is still a little sore, but I
want to punish you a bit anyway.  Take just your balls out and tie them with
this string.  I wans them to stick out where it is easier for me to hit them." 
Kathlyn picked up a short wooden rod about 2' long and maybe half and inch
thick.  She had him face away from her desk then lean back so that his balls
projected even more from the front of his pants.  Then she swung the rod,
"Swwoooosh CRACK!" This caught him squarely in the left nut.  "Swwoooosh CRACK!"
This was directed at his right nut.  "Swwoooosh CRACK!" This caught both of them
as did the final two.  "Swwoooosh CRACK!   "Swwoooooosh CCRRAACCKK!"  David
winced as his balls were beaten by his step-mother.

Kathlyn made herself stop, David was already down to 1970 and these points would
be even more fun when she wasn't hurting her own shoulder.  She was almost
healed but she needed some help.  She pushed the speed dial for the intercom and
announced. "I need someone to help me cane David's balls tonight.  The first one
here get's a $2000 bonus."

Seconds later there was a sharp knock at the door.  It was Vicki. Kathlyn told
her, "Please strike him in the balls with this cane, or a larger one if you
wish.  We deserves 20 strokes more tonight. Would you like him to strip before
you begin or would you like him to stay in his current position?"

"Uhmmmm, I think I would like to have him nude.  Can I have him jack off while I
beat his testicles?"

"Capital idea!  I think I will raise your bonus to $3000.  David, strip off your
clothes for Vicki then I want to start beating you meat.  But you are forbidden
to cum, absolutely!  If you do cum, I am going to put thumb tacks into you balls
and have Vicki beat them some more."  Vicki got a slightly glazed look on her
face and watched closely as David stripped off his clothes.  His balls were
already swollen and red.  Kathlyn took out a video recorder to tape the
proceedings.

Vicki took a three foot rod, 3/4 inches in diameter and gently took hold of
Davids balls and ordered him to begin jacking off.  She had him lean back at the
desk again and took aim at his balls. Whok! Whok! Whok! Whok! Whok!  David
thought 15 to go and this was one of the lightest ball beatings he had received
though still quite painful enough. 

WHOK! WHOK! WHOK! WHOK! WHOK! WHOK! WHOK! WHOK! WHOK! WHOK! Vicki was getting
into it a bit more now.  Vicki stopped, still looking a bit dazed.  David
continued to stroke although his balls were battered and red.  "Kathlyn, " Vicki
said, "Can we do some of that thumb tack thing?  You said it, now it is prowling
around in my mind."

Kathlyn chuckled, "Sure, but we will keep it to two thumbtacks, one for each
testicle.  That will be another twenty points for David too."  Kathlyn went and
got two thumb tacks.  She handed them to Vicki and told her to do the honors. 
Vicki took them and held them in her hand like they were foreign to her.  Like
she didn't know what they were for.  Then she knelt in front of David, holding
his balls in her left hand she forced one of the thumb tacks into his left ball. 
It pricked through the skin a grazed his gonad lightly sending shivers down his
back.  Then she pressed the next one in a bit harder into his right nut. 

Then she picked up the rod again.

WHOK!  She hit the left testicle solidly, driving the thumb tack deeper into to
gonad.  WWHOOKKK!  She delivered the next blow into his left testicle again. 
The thumbtack in the right testicle had popped out and rolled on the floor.  She
picked it up forcing it back into his gonad again slightly higher than the first
insertion. WWHOOKKK!  WWHOOKKK!  She hit his right ball hard, driving the tack
solidly into his testicle.  He continued to jack off as Vicki prepared for the
final blow.  She turned him to face the desk then lifted his balls onto the
surface of the desk.  She had him move his hand out of the way then swung the
rod in a downward arc directly onto his young balls. WWHHHOOOCCCKKK!!!

Vicki collected herself and walked dazedly from the room.   Kathlyn told him to
go to sleep and be ready to go to the show at 8:00 PM Saturday.  Kathlyn wrote
the number of punishment points remaining 1870.  She popped out the tape and
added it to her collection. Of course the female faculty at the university had
all received advertisements for the tapes.  About 20% had responded but only two
of David's current instructors were ordering.




MANX
Chapter 25.

The gray loose fitting trousers were out again, David donned them quietly and
waited while Kathlyn got ready to go.  His balls still hurt from the severe
treatment they had received last night but he was determined to succeed this
evening. They drove to the show in the Mercedes this time. Kathlyn had him drive
while she fondled his meat.

They got to the show and Salome greeted them at the door as she had the first
time.  Salome explained that tonight there would be a participation show &
contest for the toys.  The rules were explained to David and the other
contestants back stage.  There was David and nine other contestants. The contest
would consist of five individual evcnts each would be scored 1 to 10 points. 
The winner would gain honor for his mistress the losers would be subjected to a
special punishment at the end.

The contestants were stripped blindfolded and led onto stage. The first contest
was "the vice" The contestants balls were placed in a special vice.  The torture
was to see how long the testicals could be kept in the vice as they were closed. 
David's testicals were about 3 inches in diameter so he was at a strict
disadvantage. He was first out he gave in when he balls were compressed to about
2 inches. This was before any of the others had more than the lightest squeeze.
David was assigned the letter A and the scores were as follows.

A. 1     
B. 2     
C. 3
D. 4
E. 5
F. 6
G. 7
H. 8     
I. 9
J. 10

David was losing.  The next contest was a speed jerk off contest. David did his
best but came in third from the last.  It seemed like some of the guys came
instantly.
               Tot
A.   1    3    4
B.   2    4    6
C.   3    10   13
D.   4    9    13
E.   5    2    7
F.   6    5    11
G.   7    8    15
H.   8    1    9
I.   9    7    16
J.   10   6    16

On the next contest each young man was lined up in front of a narrow tube.  Each
tube was adjusted for penis length then they were told.  "There is a button at
the end of the end of the tube. This is pure speed so you must press the button
as quickly as possible.  The results will be scored electronically. Get ready
.... set .... go!"

David flexed his hips as quickly as possible, suddenly there was a horrible pain
in the end of his cock.  There had been a large sharp needle in the end of the
tube and he had driven deep into his cock head!  The contestants screamed and
jerked their bloody cocks from the evil tubes.

                    Tot
A.   1    3    5    9
B.   2    4    6    12
C.   3    10   1    14
D.   4    9    2    15
E.   5    2    9    16
F.   6    5    3    14
G.   7    8    10   25
H.   8    1    7    16
I.   9    7    4    20
J.   10   6    8    24


For the next each contestant was given a jar with an ice cube in it.  The
contest was to see who could melt the cube first.  David thought he had a good
chance to win this one since his large cock should melt the cube more quickly
than the small ones.  He rubbed his cock head all over it, then he heard the
announcer announce that the first cube was melted.  The others quickly followed
and David had melted less than half his cube. The laughing announcer asked him
if he had to pee that now would be a good time.  The others had melted the cube
with urine!
                         Tot
A.   1    3    5    1    10
B.   2    4    6    9    21
C.   3    10   1    6    20
D.   4    9    2    8    23
E.   5    2    9    5    21
F.   6    5    3    7    21
G.   7    8    1    3    28
H.   8    1    7    4    20
I.   9    7    4    2    22
J.   10   6    8    10   34

The announcer spoke.  "Poor contestant A has already lost!  Contestant J is
solidly in the lead.  The final competition is called the  slammer.'  Each
contestant will place his balls inside of this apparatus.  Then dial up a number
between 1 and 400. This measure is pounds of force that will be slammed into his
trapped testicles. The highest number wins!"

David stared at the dial.  He cranked it to 400 and braced himself. 
TTTHHHHUUUUNNNKKK!
David's knees crumpled but only for a second.  The scores came up.  What a 5 way
tie for first?
The announcer spoke. "A Tie!!  We must have a tie breaker! Or should I say ball
breaker."

                              Tot
A.   1    3    5    1         10
B.   2    4    6    9    5    26
C.   3    10   1    6         20
D.   4    9    2    8    4    27
E.   5    2    9    5         21
F.   6    5    3    7    2    23
G.   7    8    1    3         28
H.   8    1    7    4    3    23
I.   9    7    4    2         22
J.   10   6    8    10   1    35

David cleared his vision and cranked it up to 400 again.   TTTHHHHUUUUNNNKKK!

"A three way tie for first."    TTTHHHHUUUUNNNKKK! "A clear winner for event 5
A!!!"



                              Tot
A.   1    3    5    1    10   20
B.   2    4    6    9    5    26
C.   3    10   1    6    7    27
D.   4    9    2    8    3    26
E.   5    2    9    5    6    27
F.   6    5    3    7    2    23
G.   7    8    1    3    8    36
H.   8    1    7    4    4    24
I.   9    7    4    2    9    31
J.   10   6    8    10   1    35

"The winner is G with 36, runner up J with 35.  Loser is A with 20 points but a
valiant effort."
Still his punishment is to be severe. Let us see what his punishment will be....
Dartboard.

1 blow dart for every point below the leader. 16.
1 throwing dart for every point below third to last. 4
1 barbed dart for each point below second to last 3.

The ordered David to stand behind a small barrier with two holes in it.  One for
his cock head and one for his testicles.  The first darts were tiny � inch long
blow darts. Certain ladies from the crowd lined up and took shots at his cock
head.Thwip! Thwip! Thwip! Thwip! Thwip! Thwip! Thwip! Thwip! Thwip! Thwip!
Thwip! Thwip! Thwip! Thwip! Thwip! Thwip! Now some older ladies showed up with
sharp throwing darts similar to what you might see in a tavern. The first took
aim at his left ball.  THUCK!  It drove into his gonad to the hilt.  His already
bruised balls were in supreme agony now.  THUCK! Another stuck in his left ball. 
The third dart bounced off the first two and stuck in his foot.  The lady who
had thrown it merely approached pulled it out of his foot and drove it deep into
his left ball twisting it slightly for artistic effect.  The audience applauded. 
Now came the 4th dart, it ended up hitting between his balls and pinning them to
the barrier.

Now came a lady carrying a special case. It carried a dart pistol.  She showed
the darts to David and the audience.  Each had a shiny barb at the tip, just
like a fish hook.  She handed the pistol to the lady who apparently was the
mistress of the winner.  The lady approached David and took hold of one of the
darts projecting from David's left nut.  She twisted it out, and quickly
followed by pulling the other two out.  Then she took the dart pistol and held
it directly to his right nut and fired, CHUNK! CHUNK! CHUNK!  Three darts sunk
3/4 of the way into Davids right testical.  She took each dart then and forced
them deeper and deeper until they protruded out of the back of his testicle
where they were finally yanked out, making a full passage through his gonad.

Kathlyn led him back stage where she cleaned him up. Then she took him home, she
noted the number of points remaining, 1770.




MANX
Chapter 26

David took a few days to heal, but he finally did.  He brought his grades back
for Kathlyn on Friday evening. 

Greek History:      52
Chemistry:          98

That took him back to 1820.  Kathlyn noted that he would not be punished for the
next four weeks because she would be traveling. She told him that Vicki would be
watching him and that she would be back in time for Mid-term exam results.

The weeks went by quickly because Vicki only required him to jack off for her
occasionally, and would grope him some.  But she was pretty lenient other wise. 
David was only at 1870 when Kathlyn returned.  David's mid-term results were
mixed.

Chemistry:               95
Differential Equations:  96
English Literature:      78
Anatomy:            92
Greek History:           44

David was back up to 1965.  And even worse finals were just a few weeks away. 
Kathlyn spoke.

"Vicki has been very kind to watch over you, so she will be punishing you for
150 points tomorrow night. I haven't scheduled your testicle treatment yet, but
I will do so Monday. Half of your grade is already given in Greek History and
you are failing.  You can do no better than a C, and that puts you well over the
2000 limit."

The next night David reported to the library for punishment.  He reported nude
as per his instructions.  Vicki immediately had him lie face up on the desk. She
wrapped a cord tightly around his testicles and then pulled them so that they
projected straight up into the air.  She bound his hands and feet, then gagged
him as well.

"Well David, I have been thinking about this a lot.  Currently you are down to
140 points for the evening.  Each needle I use on you will be 10 points and each
time I hit your balls with this wooden rod, which is two feet long and two
inches thick will be 5 points.  Here are your needles, each is 5 inches long
each is rather thick, though flexible. My only question is how many needles
should I use and how many times should hit you. I think 8 needles will be
sufficient and that will leave us with 12 strikes of the rod. I will insert the
needles first."

The first needle she jammed into his right testicle from the side pushign
through and then deeply into the left testicle.  She forced the second needle
into his left testicle until it jabbed him in the right testicle. Then she
rotated his left testicle scraping his right testicle with the tip of the needle
as she did so.  Finally she pushed it in as deeply as it would go.  The third
needle she pushed into the top of his right testicle so that it poked out of the
bottom when she was done. Then she treated his left testicle to the same
treatment. The next needle she forced through both of his balls so that it went
through both balls at the bottom.  The next needle went in directly beside its
predecessor.  The next two needles were shorter than the first only 2 � inches
long. These she forced directly into the center of his balls from the front.

Vicki then pulled out 4 more needles of the short variety.  She slid her blouse
off to expose her cantelope sized breasts.  She gently pushed the first needle
into her right nipple, making sure that her breast was quite viewable to David. 
A second and third needle now protruded from her right nipple each one pressed
about an inch into her tender nipple flesh.  The fourth needle she inserted
cross wise through her left nipple.

After steadying herself on the desk she hefted the rod and swished it through
the air a couple of times.  She took aim first at the under side of his balls
where the two needles were piercing his testicles.  Whap! Whap! Whap!  This
pushed the two needles that had been driven in from the top back so that about
an inch protruded from the tops of his balls. She used the next three strikes to
drive them back in.  WHAP! WHAP! WHAP!  She then decided to slam the needles
driven into his balls from the front. WWHHHAAAPPP! WWHHHAAAPPP! WWHHHAAAPPP!
WWHHHAAAPPP!  Vicki stopped for a minute and pinched at her nipples, then she
massages David's balls twisting them lightly.  Then she drew the rod again and
swung it bat like into the left side of David gonads.  WWWHHHAAAPPPP! Then
again. WWWWWHHHHHHAAAAAAPPP!

David's balls ached like never before, surges of agony emanated from them to
till his whole body.

He must have passed out because the next thing he knew he was lying in bed, he
had been completely cleaned and his balls were bandaged in gauze.  They still
ached terribly, by his bed there was a note with the number 1815.




MANX
Chapter 27.

It took David two weeks to heal this time.  His Testicle treatment was scheduled
for the day after finals.  He knew he was in trouble His punishment list was
looking severe.  He decided to go and see Bonnie, and Diane to see if he could
somehow pull his grades up.

Diane was very straight forward. He would stay after class after the final and
for every point improvement in his score she would strike his balls once.  He
quickly agreed to that. And Daine seemed quite happy with the arrangement.  He
went to Bonnie expecting some reasonable form of extra work.

She listened to him plead for a minute, then said. "Are you willing to do
anything?"

"Yes Ma'am anything you say."

"Currently, you have 96 out of 200.  If you were to get an A on the final. I
could see my way to giving you a C.  But here are the conditions.  First I want
you to pull down your pants to prove you are serious about this."

David nodded numbly and slowly began to undo his pants.  Finally they were down
about his knees and his thick cock hung down in front of him. 

"Good, I see you are serious.  Here are the conditions.  You will sign up for my
course next semester.  You will do whatever I say while doing extra credit. 
Extra credit will consist of a full 8 hours of time, scheduled at my discretion
and I will do whatever I like to you.  If you fail in this I will discover that
you cheated on the exam and you will be expelled. Do you understand?"

"Yes Ma'am." He replied, hopefully she would not hurt him too much.

The finals came quickly. English Literature was the last. He did his best on the
test but ended up with a 76.  He decided a B would be the best grade for him so
he decided to take 16 strikes.  Daine took him to her office and had him strip. 
It was late in the day and David was worried about getting home on time.

Diane told him she was disappointed he hadn't gone for 100, but said she would
try to get as much out of the experience as possible. She instructed him to grip
his scrotum and hold his testes out and in a position where they would be easy
to strike. 

She took out a ruler and using a full swing hit him in the testicles.  SMACK!
SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!  "Nice, but not as satisfying as I hoped.  Spread your legs
and let those balls dangle."  Then using the flat of her hand she slapped his
balls.  SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!  "Again, fun but not really what I wanted."  She
groped his balls for a few moments. "Hmmm, maybe this will work.  She took him
over to her desk and had him dangle his balls into an open drawer. Then she
kicked the drawer shut.  SLAM! "Ohh, now were getting it."  SLAM! SLAM! SLAM! 
"Come over here by the door way, hold your balls out like a good boy.  Now I am
going to slam this door on your balls.  SSLLAMM!!!  SSLLAMAMM!!! SLLLLLAMMMM!!!
SSSLLLLLAMAMMAMM!!!!  David crumpled onto the floor, his balls were bruised and
in agony.

Later Kathlyn read his scores
                              Fin  grade
Chemistry:               95   98   92   A
Differential Equations:  96   95   98   A
English Literature:      78   70   92   B
Anatomy:            92   85   80   B
Greek History:           44   52   98   C

Now we add 10 for being tardy, 80 for points missed on finals, 450 points for
low grades. Your total is now 2355.  Your treatment will begin tomorrow and be
worth 2000 points.

David got up early and went down for breakfast, but Kathlyn told him it wasn't
allowed prior to his treatment. David was worried because his balls were still
swollen from Dianes onslaught.

David was brought into a very clinical room that he recognized as the spare
kitchen.  A oriental lady, perhaps in her early thirties and wearing a crisp
white smock immediately approached him and began disrobing him.  He noticed that
the lady had two assistants that seemed to be in their mid-twenties, they seemed
to be of the same race as the older lady.  Each of them was wearing a short
white skirt, one of them operated a movie camera. As soon as he was stripped she
began stroking his heavy cock to fullness.  She took all of his measurements
just like in the film he had seen earlier.

Age
     years: 20
Penis
     length: 30.5 cm
     girth: 22 cm
Testes
     girth: 36 cm
Orgasm
     time: 15.4 minutes.
     sperm: 60cc

She informed him "Your dosage for the first treatment is 320 cc's. 160 in each
testicle. David realized this was about 2/3 of a cup to be injected into each of
his gonads. Please lie on the operating table."  She quickly strapped him in and
expertly bound his limbs to the table.  She proceeded to take out a thick piece
of surgical rubber and tie it securely between his testicles and his body.  She
tied it very tightly and his balls began aching almost immediately. His balls
ballooned slightly as she began slapping them back and forth. This treatment
continued for a few moments, the two assistants moved the camera in for a series
of close-ups.  The older lady gave some terse commands and one of the two
assistants came and wrapped both of her hands around his prick and began pulling
on it. 

The older lady produced a heavy looking black rod made of a dull rubber-like
substance.  It was about 15 inches long and had rounded edges.  The lady
explained to the camera, "The subjects testes are too large to be effectively
treated without appropriate preparation."  She turned back towards David and
swung the heavy club directly into his balls.  WHUK!   WHUK!   WHUK!   WHUK!  
WHUK!   WHUK!   WHUK!   WHUK!

David could feel only the pain in his balls, the club was pretty heavy and each
thud was driving deep into his ball flesh.  The lady kneaded his balls for a
couple of minutes before hitting them three more times from underneath.  WHUK! 
WHUK! WHUK! 

"Now the patient is properly prepared.  Due to the large amount of serum to be
injected each testicle will be injected 6 times with 20 cc's each.  The final
injection will be a full 40 cc's directly into the center of the teste."  Then
one of the assistants wheeled up a tray containing 16 large hypodermic needles.
The first two injections were directly into the undersides of his balls. First
came the unsettling ripping feel of the large needle skewering his gonad. Then
the sick feeling of viscuous fluid being forced into flesh.  The tops of the
testicles were next. As the second needle ripped into his right testicle, David
noticed that he could see up the skirt of the attendant, she was wearing plain
white panties, for some reason he found that very erotic.

Needles were jammed in from each side of each testical, left, right back front. 
Finally three very large hypodermics were brought out.  Each had a 3 inch
needle, the asian lady took the first one and filled it with 50 cc's of liquid,
then she did the same to the second one.  The third one she filled from a second
bottle, putting only 30 cc's in it.  Each of the assistants came and took the
hypdermics, the asian lady kept the third.  The girls poised the needles over
his balls as the asian lady took the final hypo and pointed it towards his cock
head.  At a signal the two girls jammed the needles as deep into his nuts as
they could.  Then they began forcing loads of liquid into his balls.  The asian
lady took this opportunity to insert the third needle into the tip of his cock
head. She pushed the needle in about an inch before she began squirting the
substance into his cock head. 

The girls kept forcing liquid into his balls until they were literally ready to
split.  A deep numbing followed from the tip of his cock towards his balls.  The
asian lady took the opportunity to knead his balls some more.  Finally she
removed the surgical rubber from his balls, at that point David passed out.




MANX
Chapter 28.
He woke up two days later, his balls were still black and blue. They were
swollen enormously, each was the size of a small melon.  He laid in bed for a
full week, feeling gradually returned to his cock, and his balls subsided
somewhat.

Finally the asian lady and her two assistants returned.  She performed her
measurements again.

Age
     years: 20
Penis
     length: 31 cm
     girth: 23 cm
Testes
     girth: 45 cm
Orgasm
     time: 2.4 minutes.
     sperm: 80cc.

David's dosage was calculated at 480 cc's; a full cup was to be injected into
each testicle.  The oriental lady again strapped him to the hard metal table. 
His balls were again tied with surgical rubber.  As soon as this was completed
though the table suddenly swung around upside down and was raised to a hieght of
6 feet.  His balls hung down like a basket ball beneath him. A large machine was
rolled out beneath him.  It looked like a large hydraulic vice.  The vice was
wheeled up so that his balls were directly between to two metal faces of the
contraption.  David couldn't see his balls since the upper face of the device
was blocking his view.  But he could feel the faces as they were just barely
wide enough to contain his scrotum.

The oriental lady pushed a button on the device and the jaws began to close on
his nuts. Soon he felt a crushing pressure on them that increased and increased. 
Finally he could breathe no more and the jaws still crushed at his balls
smashing them to flatness.  Suddenly he felt a large hypodermic needle passing
into the tip of his cock.  It pressed down and down the center of his prick
tracing fire with it.  David looked to see the oriental lady, pushing the huge
needle, that was atleast 8 inches long into the core of his prick. Slowly the
pressure on his balls subsided.  The vice was lowered and the two assistants
quickly began removing the two metal facings.  They replaced them with
horrifying implements.  Each was similar to a doubly concave jaw face but each
one bristled with about 30 or 40 hypodermic needles of varying lengths.  The
needles seemed to be placed to fill out a sideways figure eight, There were
needle of lengths 1" to 3" in length.

The oriental lady carefully repositioned the jaws so that the needles were
positioned to hit only his testicals. Then she pushed the lever again,
simutaneously forcing 76 needles into his balls at the same instant.  David
screamed as every internal centimeter of his balls had a needle forced into it
at an agonizingly slow steady pace.  Then The oriental lady flipped a switch and
the machine slowly began pumping the thick serum into his gonads.  The machine
hummed for five minutes as his balls received the full dosage of serum. 

He passed out but the lady forced a drug from the hypodermic in his cock.  He
woke up immediately.  I was some sort of upper to keep him wide awake as the
drugs continued to pump into his balls. 

The older oriental lady stopped the machine and flipped another switch, this
caused the two faces of the vice to slowly pull away from each other. Finally
his balls were extracted from the device.  The long needle down the core of his
cock was slowly extracted and the surgical rubber was removed from his balls. 

David didn't wake up for three days.  One of the two assistants was sitting by
his bed when he woke up.  He looked down to see to IVs jammed into his cock
parallel to the length of it.  His balls were swollen beyond belief as each one
was about the size of a soccer ball.  His entire groin area was completely
hairless and his balls were purple in color.  For some reason each of his
testicals was enclosed in it's own sack now. And the skin was stretched around
them somewhat tightly. 

When the young lady saw that he was awake she leaned over and pushed a button on
the intercom and spoke some incomprehensible words into it.  Some more
incomprehensible words came back and she scowled and brought David some orange
juice.  As soon as he finished the glass she yanked the IV's out of his cock. 
David gasped as the needles were yanked out of his cock meat.  She scowled at
him again and spoke.

"You fucker, I hate you.  Hate all men, especially you big dick!  We gonna
fuckin' hurt you bad. We just fuckin' sta'ted on you boy.   Now I supposed to
give you testical massage.  He'e you massage ugly boy."

With that she grabbed his huge left testical and began rubbing it brusquely.
Occasionally she would slap it or punch it.  David noticed she was wearing a
very short white nurses skirt and thigh high white stockings that were trimmed
in lace.  Soon despite the rough treatment his balls were recieving he began to
get an erection.

"You fucking boy!  You get hard on from ball beating!  You cum, I put these
needles into to your balls, un'erstand!"  She continued to work over his balls
for about 10 minutes before she stopped.  David had a raging hard on that was
nearly as painful as his balls.

She returned to the intercom and spoke a few words.  Minutes later Kathlyn and
the older oriental lady entered.  Kathlyn inspected his ball appreciatively
mentioning how nice and smooth they were.  The lady said she could make it
permanent for just a couple thousand dollars.  Kathlyn looked at David and said,
"He does still owe me 355 points.  Sure go ahead, we'll give him 300 points for
it and he will be nearly in the clear." 

"Sure, Miss Kathlyn, we do it tommorrow morning."

David layed back as the three ladies left the room.  He was nearly out of
trouble if only his balls didn't ache so.




MANX
Chapter 29

The hair removal was surprisingly painless.  But it was very upsetting to know
that his crotch would forever be bald.   The rough testical massages continued
until the final day of treatment and the measurements.  The  final measurements
were taken.

Age
     years: 20
Penis
     length: 32 cm (12.5 inches)
     girth: 24 cm
Testes
     girth: 55 cm
Orgasm
     time: 3.4 minutes.
     sperm: 130cc.

David still owed fifty-five points though.  He didn't like the new situation
very much. His balls were constantly in the way.  His cock was longer and
meatier than ever before as well.  He had just two days before classes began
again.  One more semester of this torment and he would be 21, that is he would
be 21 in June anyway.  Only 6 months to go!

Kathlyn told him to come to the library at 9:00 for his usual punishment.  He
stripped and went down to the library like he was supposed to.  Kathlyn made him
lie on the floor with his legs apart then she tied a rope around each of his
balls so that they were pulled to the out side.  This exposed the inner portion
of his balls to attack.  Then Kathly picked out a bamboo cane about 3 feet long. 
She stood over David facing his feet, ... , SWWAAAAACCCCKKKK!!  She struck the
inside of his left ball.   SSWWWAAAAACCCCKKKKK!!!! The inside of his right ball. 
Now three to the left testical. SSSSSSSWWWWWAAAAACCCCKKK!!!!
SSSSSSSWWWWWAAAAACCCCKKK!!!! SSSSSSSWWWWWAAAAACCCCKKK!!!! Now three to the right
one.  SSSSSSSWWWWWAAAAACCCCKKK!!!! SSSSSSSWWWWWAAAAACCCCKKK!!!!
SSSSSSSWWWWWAAAAACCCCKKK!!!!

She stopped and said, "That is 32 points.  Now I have a special one for you." 
She untied him and made him put his blood engorged cock head on the desk top. 
She took four roses out of a vase and gripped them by the flowers.  Each of the
flowers had no leaves whatsoever, but amazingly each stem was densely packed
with vicious looking thorns.  SSSWWWIIIIXKXKK!!! SSSWWIIIKKXKXKX!!!
SSSSSSEEEKKSKDKCKSK!!! .  David looked at his cock head, it was jammed with
thorns that had broken of and lodged into it.

Kathlyn reached forward carefully encircling his thorn ravaged prick head and
then sqeezed down hard forcing the thorns in that much deeper.  Holding her step
sons cock she spoke "Here is the law.  As of now I am doubling all of your
punishments!  You are not allowed to touch your penis for any reason unless told
by a woman.  I will be giving out copper, silver, gold and platinum coins to
staff and friends.  They can be presented to you for the following rates:

Copper:   5 strikes           20 point reduction
silver:        15 minute slave     50 point reduction
Gold:          1 hour slave        150 point reduction
Platinum: 4 hour slave        500 point reduction

Each coin has your name, phone, instructions and picture on it. So any woman
presenting this to you has my blessing to punish you for the specified amount. 
Miss Kim and Miss Lee will be supervising you primarily, but other ladies will
be assisting as needed.  I will read you the new list of offenses with
penalties.

--------------------------------
Requirements                                      Penalties
     Talking back                                      20
     Tardy for breakfast: 8:00 AM every day. 20

     Tardy for lunch at 12:00 NN every day.                 20
     Tardy for dinner at 5:00 PM every day.                 20
     Rude behavior                                40
     Vulgar language                                   50
     Grades less than 100%                             2-200
     Keep room tidy                               10-100
     Vulgar behavior                                   40-100
     Violating Curfew 10:00 PM                              100
     Destruction of property                           50-200
     Lying                                             150
     touching your cock                                150
     Drinking Alcohol                                  200
     Absent from any class                                  200
     cuming outside of Kathlyns order or coin holder             250
     Masturbating                                      300
     Tardy for punishment.                             300
     Misdemeanor                                       300
     Grades less than 100% on finals                        5-500
     Grade for course B                                200
     Grade for course C                                500
     Grade for course D                                1000
     Disobeying a direct order                              400
     Having Sex,                                       500
     Refusal to accept punishment.                     600
     Grade for course F                                1500
     Felony                                            2000
     Expelled from school                                   3000

Now I want you to pull these thorns out while I watch...."





MANX
Chapter 30.

David went back to his room, unsurprisingly one of the two assistants Miss Lee
was there waiting for him.  She ordered David to take a shower, she came and
watched. She got pretty excited at one point and exclaimed "You touch penis,
fuck-boy.  That 150 points!"

"No! I had to wash it!"

"That talking back, 20 more points.  You got 170!"

When David got out of the shower, Miss Lee gave him some juice to drink and told
him to go to bed.  David was surprised when she stripped out of her nurses
outfit and slipped into bed with him.  She immediately began masturbating
herself and moaning occasionally, finally she finished and went to sleep.  David
woke up about three AM and had to pee terribly, he quietly got up and quietly
made his way to the rest room.  He began peeing and finished quickly and headed
back to bed.  He was startled to see the completely nude Miss Lee standing by
the doorway.  She said "Okay, you touch cock again, that 150 more, then don't
wash hands that 100 more for vulgar behavior.  Total now 420.  You fucked little
boy."

David glumly washed his hands and went to bed.  He woke up at 8:30, discovering
that Miss Lee had turned off the alarm clock.  He rushed downstairs as quickly
as possible but Kathlyn and Miss Lee were both there waiting for him.  Kathlyn
spoke first.  "Well you sure are getting in trouble quickly.  You are up to 440
already.  Miss Kim will take over now."  She gave Miss Lee two silver coins and
two coppers.  They made David fix them breakfast and clean up the kitchen before
he was allowed to go upstairs.  He had hardly any time to clean up and get ready
to go sign up for classes.  His cantaloupe sized testicals were getting in the
way constantly.

Miss Kim drove him to registration.  He signed up for 6 courses as directed by
Kathlyn.

Chemistry II:			MWF 10AM	Maria Hidalgo	
Topology:			MWF 11AM	Elizabeth Kenner
English Literature II:		MWF 3PM	Bonnie Tolliver
Anatomy II:			TTH 1PM	Diane Hertzog
Roman History:		TTH 3PM	Cynthia Lutz
Intro to Art:		 	TTH 7PM	Carry Redding

David had had Bonnie and Diane before, the rest were new to him.   He noticed
that he was getting a pressure building in his balls and his cock was getting
turgid.  Miss Kim bought him lunch and all in all it wasn't a bad day except
that David was getting more and more horny as the day went by.  By the time they
got home he was getting more desparate. 


There was a note when they got home that Kathlyn would be out of town for 3
days.  His balls ached all the more, he could not touch his cock but the
treatment he had made him horny beyond belief in just 24 hours.  Also he had
been gigged 60 points on his room. He was up to 500 points already. Miss Kim
made him study until dinner time then she took him up the the bedroom and told
him to shower.  She got into the shower with him after stripping.  She had
absolutely no pussy hair and she ordered David to soap her up and wash her all
over.  After she was well soaped she began soaping and massaging his balls.  He
nearly came right there, but somehow held out.  Then she wrapped her legs around
his cock trapping it between her warm soft soapy thighs. Her soft soapy tits
pushed into his chest. Suddenly without warning he was cuming like a mad man. 
Miss Kim jumped away from him as he grabbed his prick and stroked it off
uncontrollably.

Miss Kim recited:

"Touching cock, 150
Cumming outside Kathlyns orders, 250
Masturbating, 300.

Subtotal 700

grand total 1200.

You fucked boy!"

Then she knelt in front of him and jammed his prick into her mouth.  She slurped
and gagged on his cock until he came again.  They finished the shower together
and finally went to sleep in each others arms.

He woke up at night having to pee and went to the bathroom Miss Kim came in
behind him and held his cock for him as he pissed into the toilet.

In the morning Miss Lee took took him to school, she said very little until they
were almost there then as he was getting out.  "Hey fuck-boy, I gonna hit your
balls 5 times tonight, gonna hit em hard!  You be here 5:00 PM or you late get
punished more."

David went to his first class which was Chem II.

Maria Hidalgo was ready for classes to begin.  She had been getting a lot of
porno ads lately these days, all had to do with torturing young men with huge
cocks.  She had not ordered any, but as a single spanish lady the torments were
very alluring. She was duly amazed when one of her favorite torturees walked
into her class, at least he looked just like one of them.  It appeared that he
was packing quite a load between his legs too, but it was hard to tell because
of his loose trousers.

She decided to bring in some of the ads to see if he was indeed the young man
she had seen there.


Elizabeth Kenner loved math.  She also loved younger men, even more she liked
hurting their cocks and balls.  She had received some excellent extreme tapes of
a young man with a nice large set of genitals getting beaten.  And she was
shocked to see him walk into her Topology course.  She had had many young men
getting their cocks beaten so they could pass her course, she was sure that he
would join that number.  She would send for the latest tapes immediately of
course. She assigned some extra hard course work for the first weekend to get
him in the hole early.

Bonnie was glad to see David enter her class room.  She handed out syllabi, in
the one she gave David were his instructions to meet her Saturday for a half
hour "Study Session." 

David got out of class at 4 and went to the student union.  He had been there
about 10 minutes when a young lady, obviously a student came up to him and asked
him his name.  She was pretty cute, with brunette hair and a really cute face. 
Her name was Mindy and she was chatting him up quite a bit.  Then she said "You
look kind of familiar are you on any money or coins?"  David's heart skipped a
beat. Did this cute young lady want to abuse him too?

"Yes" he replied beginning to blush.

She pulled out a silver coin and asked "Is this you? Are these instructions for
real?"  David looked at the coin.  It had his picture on the front and the
caption "This coin entitles you to torture this young man sexually for 15
minutes" On the back it had his name, phone number and the instructions:

"Please beat his balls and cock, any torture is acceptable but please avoid
permanent damage."

"Yes, it is true." David said turning a crimson color. Mindy took the coin back
and grinned hugely then ran away to some friends, seconds later they were all
looking at him and laughing. Soon Mindy came back with two of them, and asked
"Can we split the time between three of us?"

"Yes, Ma'am you may."

They all smiled at each other as David blushed.  Then Mindy said. "We'll call
you when we are ready!  Is Saturday open?"

"Yes Ma'am it is."

It was getting towards five so David headed for the place where Miss Lee would
pick him up.  He waited for three hours before she finally showed up.  She
ordered him into the car and she sped off.  She didn't head home but pulled up
in a strange neighborhood.  They had to walk for 2 and a half blocks to get to
the address Miss Lee was looking for.  She practically shoved him up the
sidewalk as they headed to the front door.  She took him inside and there was a
lady there.  David had never seen her before, she had brown hair and looked to
be about 45 but in good shape.  She spoke directly to Miss Lee.


"Let's see the equipment." Miss Lee approached and yanked his trousers open and
down to his knees.  His thick cock and balls hung out exposed to this lady he
had never met before.  The lady gaped at his enormous hairless prick and melon
like balls.  "Is he trained?"  Miss Lee handed David a copper coin then she
pulled a thick heavy rod out of her purse.  It was the same rubber coated heavy
rod they had used to beat his balls before.  She lifted David's cock out of the
way and began swinging.  WHUK! WHUK! WHUK! WHUK! WWHHUUKK!

David groaned, his balls would be bruised for sure.  Meanwhile the lady gave
Miss Lee a chunk of cash and Miss Lee gave her a silver coin.  The Lady handed
David the coin and ordered him to strip. 

David disrobed.  The lady told him to get hard and stroke himself for her while
she got ready.  Five minutes later David was stripped and the lady had a number
of implements out.  They were clips of various sizes, each had pointy metal
teeth though.  She attached the first to the tip of his cock head.  Then she
used Miss Lee's club to damage his balls a few times. WHUK! WHUK! WHUK! WHUK!
Then the lady ordered him.

"Start jacking your dick off. While I put some more clamps on you."  David began
jacking as She put some large clamps on his scrotum.  About 10 in all.  Then she
removed the small clamp from his cock head and placed a large clamp with a screw
device on the back of it. Also smaller clamps hung off the two main jaws.  The
main jaws each had 5 shiny sharp teeth on each jaw and they dug deeply into his
cock head from top and bottom. The smaller clamps on top were set into the rim
of his cock head.  The bottoms ones where set into the skin beneath his cock
head. 

The lady began turning the main screw.  The effect was terrible.  The main teeth
dug deep into his cock head and all of the smaller ones pulled on his stretched
cock head skin.  She tightened it until all of the devices teeth were firmly
imbedded in his cock head. Then as the contraption hung from his genitals the
lady began taking a series of photos. 

Miss Lee said that time was up and for David to stop stroking his penis.  Miss
Lee and the lady chatted for about 5 or 6 minutes before finally removing to
torture device from his cock head and balls. Miss Lee told him.

"You not put on clothes fuck boy, we go home like this.  You not touch you
bloody cock either."

Miss Lee put his clothes in a bag and told him to walk 10 paces in front of her
on the way back to the car.  The cool night air hit his cock and it bobbed in
front of him.  He just knew he would get arrested.  They were almost back to the
car when David noticed that the house they had parked in front of was having a
large party.  A sorority party. 

The girls saw him right away.  Miss Lee made him stop and she passed out some
fliers to the girls.  They were hooting at him and ogling.  She held his cock
out to demonstrate the length and girth  of it and then ordered him into the
car.  She spent quite a few minutes with the girls chatting with them and
explaning the situation.  A couple of the girls made hand gestures estimating
the size of his prick.

Miss Lee drove him back home.  After dinner he showered being careful not to
touch his cock under Miss Lee's watchful eye.




MANX
Chapter 31

Miss Kim woke him up before breakfast and held his cock as he peed.  He had
plenty of time to clean his room a start studying before classes began after
lunch.

Anatomy went very well, except Diane asked him to stay after class.  She
explained that she would have extra credit available to him through out the
semester.  For each point on an exam or 5 points on a homework she would demand
1 minute of his time.  David agreed to the deal. This was one course he would
have an A in for sure.

Cynthia Lutz was plainly a nymphomaniac.  And she loved cock, the bigger the
better.  What she did not know was that one of the biggest cocks in the country
was sitting in the front row of her class.  She would find out before the end of
the semester though.

David had dinner in the student union.  Mindy sat down to have dinner with him,
she was really cute and was wearing a dark mini-skirt with a plaid blouse.  She
was playing some serious footsies with him.  Considering he had not come in
about 45 hours he was hard a rock in seconds.  Soon his groin was aching with
pressure.

Carry Redding loved teaching art.  The primary reason she loved it was the
section at the end of the semester on erotic art.  Young students needing better
grades would get extra credit for posing nude and sometimes in sexual acts.  She
noticed David right away, he seemed to be particularly gifted in the crotch
area.  Well, she promised herself that she would find out exactly and soon!

After class David went directly to the car waiting for him.  It was Miss Kim,
she was wearing a very short skirted white nurses uniform.  David could see
right away that she was wearing see through panties, and no bra at all.  She
immediately reached over and undid his belt and zipper.  She hauled his cock
into view.  She stroked it a few times then began driving.  She told him to get
his balls out so she could see them.  They drove out into the country side, the
full moon shown down on them.  Miss Kim continued to stroke him occasionally. 
Finally they stopped by a field.

Miss Kim got out and gave David a copper coin.  She told him to get out and pull
his pants down to his knees.  She got out a piece of surgical rubber and wound
it around his balls.  She pulled it pretty tight.  She kept each ball wrapped
separately though.  The pain was very slight but it made his cock burgeon like a
rock.  Suddenly she began to slowly sway in the moonlight. Slowly she let her
dress fall off her shoulders then to the ground.  Then she began massaging her
tits and rubbing her pussy.  David's cock got harder and more painful. Miss Kim
slowly began romoving her panties.  When she got them down to her knees she
produced and enormous dildo and rubbed it on her tits and finally her bald
pussy. Finally she forced the enormous head into her cunt. 

When it was firmly imbedded she turned her ass towards David and began working
it deeper into her cunt.  Suddenly David felt cum start gliding up his shaft to
spurt into the night air.  He couldn't stop himself from grabbing his prick head
and squeezing it tightly.


Miss Kim got up and slapped his balls a couple of times.  Then she said. "700
more points.  I got you good!"  They got back to the house just in time to see
Kathlyn pulling in.  They all went to the library.  Kathlyn ordered him to the
library and to strip.  She whipped his cock pretty severely and he turned in his
two copper coins and one silver.

1900
-90	coins
-50 	whipping
-50 	drink
+25	room
--------------------
1735 total

Then Kathlyn gave Miss Kim three gold coins and two silvers.

Kathlyn turned to David, "You have been very bad, we are going to wire your
balls on Saturday.  We are going to wire you up good.  Now take these pills." 
Kathlyn passed him a triple dose of aphrodisiacs.  Then she gave him a thick
salty drink telling him to drink up and she would reduce his penalty by 50
points.  She knew that the drink would increase his sperm production rapidly and
that his balls would already be quite painful in the morning.

Miss Kim escorted him back to his room, then she said, "I will sell you the gold
coins for $5000 a piece, but you don't have to pay me until you get your
inheritance."  David jumped at the chance and collected the coins.  They talked
for a while before Miss Lee showed up to take the evening shift.




MANX
Chapter 32

The next morning, David turned in his three gold coins to get down to 1285.
Still his balls ached mightily.  Kathlyn made him strip and she attached a metal
collar tightly around his scrotum, then she attached a wire to it and finally
connected another wire by alligator clip to his balls.  The other end of the
wires were connected to the black box with two knobs that was used to shock his
balls with electricity.  Then she showed him the schedule for the day.

8:00 - 9:00 	breakfast/clean room.
9:00  - 9:10	first ball shocking 100 pts.
9:10 - 11:20	study session
11:20 - 11:30	ball shocking 100 points.
11:30 - 12:30	special lunch 100 points.
12:30 - 4:30	study
4:30 - 5:00	free time
5:00 - 6:00	dinner
6:00 - 9:00	coin visitors/free time
9:00 -10:00	clean-up


After breakfast she told him to clean up the table while punishment began.   She
immediately cranked the electricity up to the maximum setting leaving him to
writhe on the floor for a full minute.  Finally she let up, she told him he had
15 seconds to clear the table or it would return. This continued alternately
shocking the hell out of his balls then watching him work furiously to avoid the
next session.

Finally he was allowed to study, though the shocking collar remained in place. 
It seems like just minutes later a powerful jolt of electricity began flowing
through his nuts again.  This time though there was no respite, his balls were
jangled for a full ten minutes and he was sweaty and weak afterwards. 

Kathlyn lead him to the dinning room where he was tied to the table face up, an
IV was wheeled in with 2 large bags of fluid hanging from it.  Kathlyn removed
the collar and clips from his balls.  Then she called in Miss Kim and Miss Lee. 
They each took a thick IV needle and positioned it over his balls.  Then they
slowly and deliberately forced them deep into his balls.  Kathlyn started the
drip on each of the IV's as David's daily nutrition was forced into his balls.

As David lay there he thought about all the pain he was going through.  The
needles in his balls, his terrible aching need to cum.  The way that his
testicals had the hell shocked out of them.   His enormous prick twitched and
rolled from side to side.

They left him that way for 45 minutes before they returned.  The bags were only
half empty so they began squeezing them.  Forcing more and more liquid into
David's overloaded nuts.  Finally it was done and they untied him and let him go
study.  His balls ached terribly and his cock was beginning to drool from pent
up desire.

He got to studying and soon got lost in his books as a method to escape the
daily torture routine that surrounded him.  He was down to 985 points and hoping
to zero it out.  Free time and dinner came without incident.  After dinner he
relaxed and watched TV until about 7:30 when the door bell rang.   It was Mindy
and her two friends Jennifer and Kelly.  They were giggly and obviously had been
drinking.

Kathlyn led them to the library and showed them the equipment, then she started
a 15 minute timer and left.  Mindy and the girls chatted David up for about 5
minutes before asking if he could strip for them.   David took of his clothes
for his class mates and they all exclaimed at the size of his cock.  Kelly
pinched his cock head a couple of times then began squeezing it as Mindy slapped
his balls lightly a couple of times.  Finally Jennifer kneed him in the balls a
couple of times.  Then the groped him for a while before time was up.  They were
all flushed and giggly, and seemed to be out of breath when the timer finally
rang.  They gave David the coin and promised to be back!

David turned in the coin to Kathlyn and got ready for bed.  Just before it was
time to sleep Kathlyn came in and put a metal contraption about his cock and
balls so that he couldn't masturbate and left him for the night.


David studied all day Sunday and no further incidents occured.  He was down to
935 points.  He was concerned though because his cock and balls ached and itched
constantly now, he needed to cum!




MANX
Chapter 33.

On Monday Miss Lee drove him to school.  Chemistry class went fine, though Miss
Hidalgo looked at him a little funny a few times.  He wondered if she had gotten
a coin too. Calculus did not go as well.

Mrs Kenner collected the papers and had some of the students present answers. 
She obviously noted his bulging pants when he had to do a problem on the board. 
She graded some of the papers before class was over, he had gotten only 75%
correct.  That would be 50 points right there!  And it was irritating because he
had the best score in the class!

He went for lunch and Mindy was there waiting for him.  She was wearing some
tight white jeans that really showed off her body.  She was chatting him up and
his erection was incredible.  He was glad that he was sitting down because his
erection was huge and painful, but at least not too obvious.  She was gushing
about how she might get more coins and David told her that she could call the
number on the first coin. 

"Do you really want to hurt me?"  He asked her.

"Well, a little yeah, but I want to fuck you too.  Is that okay?" 

He said that it was, and they finished lunch.  

He went to Lit and the class went pretty well.  Bonnie told him to wait after
class though.  She said she was "very dissappointed that he had not shown up
Saturday.  You still owe me those 8 hours, but I suppose I will just have to
turn you in for cheating."   David was horrified, he begged forgiveness.  Bonnie
told him that he must come to her office immedietly for punishment and that his
8 hours would be doubled to 16.  He dumbly agreed and followed her to her
office.

She got him in her office and undid his belt and pants allowing his huge prick
to escape it's confines.  His balls tumbled out as well, each the size of a
large cantaloupe.  Bonnie drug her finger nails up the length of his thick cock,
tracing the viens and ridges on it's surface.  Cum began drooling out of his
cock head.  She began looking around her office for a suitable torture
implement.  Finally she hoisted his balls up on to the table, then found the
largest heaviest dictionary she could find.  Then she lifted it over her head
and slammed it down on his balls. WHOMP!!!

David groaned but kept his feet as she lifted the book again and slammed it onto
his balls.  WHOMP!!  This time, his knees buckled slightly as his balls slid off
the desk.  She made him sit crosslegged on the floor then.  He noticed she was
wearing spiked heels then she said she was going to stomp his balls.  "With
heels or without heels?  Your choice." 


"Heels Ma'am." 

She shrugged and lined up her foot over his left ball.  CHUNK!  CHUNK!  CHUNK! 
CHUNK!  CHUNK!  CHUNK!  CHUNK!  CHUNK!  CHUNK!  Then she positioned her foot
over the other one CHUNK!  CHUNK!  CHUNK!  CHUNK!  CHUNK!  CHUNK!  CHUNK! 
CHUNK!  CHUNK!  She looked to see that his balls were actually bleeding.  Then
she targeted his cock head.  CHUNK!  CHUNK!  CHUNK!  CHUNK!  CHUNK!  CHUNK! 
CHUNK!  CHUNK!  CHUNK!  CHUNK!  CHUNK!  CHUNK!  CHUNK!  CHUNK!  CHUNK!  CHUNK! 
CHUNK!  CHUNK!  CHUNK!  CHUNK!  CHUNK!  CHUNK!  She swabbed them off and let him
dress, telling him that he still owed her 15 1/2 hours.

Miss Lee picked him up at the appointed time and took him home. 

For dinner more IV's were jammed into his balls and Kathlyn made him drink some
more of the bittter green drink.  He studies as much as he could finally 9:00
came around and he headed to the library for his punishment.  Kathlyn tied his
balls which now seemed like honey dews into a contraption made of metal.  They
stuck out on the other side like two balloons. Then she tightened a
contstricting mechanism forcing his balls farther from his body into a more
exposed condition.  His cock was aching and hard as a rock, Kathlyn measured it
at 13.5 inches long.  Cum oozed from it's tip and trickled down the shaft.  She
placed a heavy clamp over his penis head and tightened it to stop the flow of
sperm.

David couldn't believe his eyes, Kathlyn took out a baseball bat and aimed at
his exposed balls.  WHOK!   WHOK!  WHOK!  WHOK! WHOK!   WHOK!  WHOK!  WHOK!
WHOK!   WHOK!  WHOK!  WHOK! WHOK!   WHOK!  WHOK!  WHOK! WHOK!   WHOK!  WHOK! 
WHOK!  WHOK!   WHOK!  WHOK!  WHOK!  WWHHOOKK!!  WWHHOOKK!!  WWHHOOKK!! 
WWHHOOKK!!  WWHHOOKK!!  WWHHOOKK!!  WWHHOOKK!!  WWHHOOKK!!  WWHHOOKK!! 
WWHHOOKK!!  WWHHOOKK!!  WWHHOOKK!!  WWHHOOKK!!  WWHHOOKK!!  WWHHOOKK!! 
WWHHOOKK!!  WWHHOOKK!!  WWHHOOKK!!  WWHHOOKK!!  WWWHHHOOOOKKKKK!!!!!   
WWWHHHOOOOKKKKK!!!!!    WWWHHHOOOOKKKKK!!!!!  WWWHHHOOOOKKKKK!!!!! 
WWWHHHOOOOKKKKK!!!!!  WWWHHHOOOOKKKKK!!!!!  WWWHHHOOOOKKKKK!!!!! 
WWWHHHOOOOKKKKK!!!!!  WWWHHHOOOOKKKKK!!!!!   WWWHHHOOOOKKKKK!!!!!

Kathlyn left him for a minute and came back with a glass beaker of enormous
size.  It held at least a quart. She slowly released the clamp and began jacking
his dick into the beaker.  Cum flowed out of him for a full 5 minutes as he
filled the beaker with jizz.  Finally it was full then Kathlyn took it and began
guzzling it down.  She guzzled so much it distended her belly and still she
guzzled the sperm and it dripped out of the sides of her mouth.

She marked him down at 700 points remaining.




MANX
Chapter 34


David knew that the torture of his balls and cock would continue.  More
importantly, he wanted it. The more severe and the more painful the better.  He
wanted every woman on the planet to see his balls smashed and his cock damaged. 
He wanted to hurt and bleed in front of his step mother.  So he started
planning. He wanted to get his fortune, but also to set himself up for
humiliating and excruciating pain.  Especially to his genitals.  He didn't want
Kathlyn or any of them to know though, he wanted them to think that it was
against his will.

Tuesday began as normal.  Kathlyn made him drink both sperm enhancing and
aphrodisiac fluids at breakfast. Unfortunately he was down to 650 points.  He
asked Kathlyn, "Could you please beat my testicals this morning."  Kathlyn
smiled and told him to follow her to the library.  Once in the library she
pulled out a metal rod about 3 feet in length and about a half inch thick.  The
end was coated with a quarter inch of hard rubber.  She ordered him, "David,
hold up your balls for beating!"

Then she beat his balls like never before, each strike was brutal and actually
bruised his balls deeply and they hurt for days afterwards.  David loved every
minute of it.  His balls ached from the very first moment of the day to the very
last.   She marked him down to a mere 500 points.

He studied throughout the morning until it was time for school.  Miss Kim drove
him to school.  Unfortunately he did very well on Dianes homework getting a 95. 
She said that she would remember that and keep it for next time after marking
him up to a 100.

Cynthia kept looking at his crotch but no action came of it. Carry asked him to
stay after class though.  She explained to him that she was looking for models
and asked if he would be interested?  He replied, "Yes Ma'am, but only in the
natural, fully nude mode."  Carry had an inkling and asked, "Would you mind
stripping right now?"

"No Ma'am!"  He immediately began undoing his shirt and pants.  Carry was about
to protest but it was too late, David's cock was exposed and engorged directly
in front of her.  She couldn't believe the sheer size of his prick and balls. 
She wanted to worship them! She immediately grabbed his prick and gonads and
began stroking them and feeling them up.  This continued for a few minutes until
Carry finally let go of his equipment.  She apologized and asked him to go ahead
and zip up, she said that he would do nicely and she would let him know when she
scheduled a session.

David was incredibly horny, Miss Kim drove him home and he was still incredibly
horny, but Kathlyn would give him no punishment.

Miss Lee took over at bedtime.  He made sure to accidentally touch his cock in
the shower.  And then curse about it.  This got him a full 200 points right
away.  Later that night he woke quielty, but pretended to have a wet dream.  He
began stroking himself.  Miss Lee woke him up and fined him another 450 points. 
So by morning he was up to 1150 again.  He intentionally left his room dusty and
got down to breakfast a minute late as well.


Kathlyn fined him another 20 points for being late, and Cleo reported that his
room was still dirty for another 45 points.  He was up to 1215.

Maria Hidalgo had gotten her her porn tapes and also a complimentary copper coin
with her order.  The coin had David's name on it.  So she marked his homework
with a 0 and accused him of cheating, and that he should stay after class.

"David, I am very disappointed in you. Come back to my office."  She flushed
completely red, she couldn't believe what she was going to do next.  In her
office she handed him the coin and ordered him to strip which he did
immediately.  His 13 inch prick and huge balls were exposed in front of Maria,
She picked up a ruler and slowly approached.  SWACK! She hit him right on the
prick head. SWACK! Again.  SWACK!!  SWACK!!! SWACKK! 

She trembled and nearly had an orgasm on the spot. "I guess I can forgive you
for cheating this once, but don't do it again!  If I catch you again, your
punishment will be much worse if I am to forgive you.  Do you understand?"

"Yes Ma'am." He replied, knowing he might have to cheat!  She then spoke again.

"Thanks!  I really enjoyed that fantasy!  I know you didn't cheat or anything
but that was my fantasy, if I talked about it, it would be ruined.  I saw that I
can order more coins, do you mind if I order some more of them?"

"Sure you can order 4 levels of the coins, and your fantasies are okay with me."

They chatted for a bit more before David realised he was late for topology.  He
quickly put his clothes on and scooted for Topology class.  Miss Kenner was
handing back the homework assignements he had gotten a 58, high score in the
class though. Eliabeth was not happy with him rocking through the course, but
she would not intentionally hurt his grades.  She was saving the copper coin she
had recieved.

Mindy saw him at lunch and told him that she had worked out a deal to get more
coins, so she would be "seeing him Saturday and this time alone!"

Bonnies class was pretty tough, she had graded his paper pretty hard, and he
only got a 75 out of it. Bonnie made him strip after class, she had seen the
tape with the matches and she wanted to try it. She jamed three matches into his
cock hole so that the heads barely stuck out then a fourth projected further. 
With a fifth she lit a candle and sat it on her desk saying, "I want you to set
that last match on fire right now, as soon as you do your punishment will be
reduced by one half hour.

David slowly advanced on the flame.  He forced himself to light the outmost
match then watched in fear and fascination.  PFFFTT!!!  His cock head exploded
in pain.  Bonnie waited until they burnt out then roughly pulled the spend
sticks from his cock shaft. 


David dressed and went for Miss Lee to pick him up.  She drove him home without
incident.  He turned in his papers and got the new punishment scoring.

1215
- 20 	copper
+200	Chemistry
+500	Cheating
+84	Topology
+50	Literature

2029	total

Kathlyn was very angry, she ordered him to strip immediately.  She ordered him
to report to the study at 6:55 PM sharp.  She said they would punish him for a
full 1500 points.  At 6:55 he entered the study wondering what sort of agony
they had prepared for him.  Kathlyn wrapped his scrotum above his balls with a
heavy surgical rubber.  She then sat him in a chair and tied his hands behind
his back.  Then she let him know about the punishment, "Your balls can be tied
like this safely for exactly one hour and 15 minutes.  Blood will only flow into
your scrotum, not out so they will swell quite painfully.  We have to give you
more blood or you will pass out from this.  She wheeled out two large two-gallon
IV's with fresh blood. At the end of this time, we will draw the excess blood
out by inserting large bore needles into your balls." She then adjusted the way
he was sitting so that his balls hung off the edge of the chair. 

She then kicked him in the balls a couple of dozen times so they were nice and
bruised, already they were turning a deep red color.

She took out the two IV needles, each was about 7 inches long, and jammed them
painfully through his cock head and deep into the shaft of his penis.  She then
smeared his balls with a burning sports cream and turned on the TV in front of
him.  It was clearly a live action monitor of the library where Kathlyn soon
entered.  A minute later there was a knock on the library door and Kathlyn
ordered the person to open it.  It was Mindy!




MANX
Chapter 35

Mindy was ordered to strip and then ordered to bend over the desk.   David was
almost able to forget his balls swelling to the size of a basket ball and the
burning cream.  Kathlyn was already beating Mindy's ass with a belt.  After
about 10 minutes she tied Mindy on her back to the desk.  Then Kathlyn began
beating Mindy's shaved pussy with the belt. This continued for about 40 strokes
before Kathlyn got out a huge dildo.  It was nearly as big as David's cock! 
Kathlyn reamed this into Mindy's cunt as she screamed and bucked.  Then she
began beating Mindy's tits with a thin wooden rod.  After about 5 more minutes
of this, Kathlyn started getting out hypodermic needles.


Stephanie opened the door to the study and walked around to see David tied
tightly into the chair.  She chuckled softly then walked over to the cabinet
pulling out a 32 oz. bottle of sports cream.  The bottle had a pump on it and a
thick hard plastic nozzle about 4 inches long on the top of it.  David watched
as Kathlyn began injecting Mindy's tits with some thick blue fluid.

Stephanie jammed the thick nozzle into his cock slit and began pumping the
handle.  David nearly screamed.  The pain was insane and white fire was forced
down the center of his cock shaft.  Stephanie continued to force the cream into
his cock. It filled his entire shaft then began streching his cock hole wider
and wider, this continued until it was nearly 3/4 inches in diameter.  Then
Stephanie took her middle finger and began fucking his cock with it.

David passed out for a few minutes when he woke up Stephanie was gone.  But his
cock was sore and abused and still was filled with the burning cream. 

Mindy was still strapped to the desk about 8 hypodermics were jammed into her
breasts and another four were jammed into her crotch.  David noticed that his
balls were swollen hugely, together they were hanging to the floor in a hideous
purple sack.

Kathlyn had begun jerking the needles out of Mindy's breasts.  Then instead of
removing the needles from her cunt. She began pulling the huge dildo out first. 
Mindy moaned and thrashed and finally the dildo was out.  Then Kathlyn injected
more fluid into her vaginal area before finally removing the hypodermics.

Mindy was untied and left to clean herself up.  Soon Kathlyn was in the study
with David. She withdrew the needles from his cock and untied his balls.  Then
she forced him to lie on the desk where she was able to elevate his beach ball
sized balls. Kathlyn force huge needles into his balls, a total of eight needles
where used and left to drain his nuts.

After another hour they were back to normal.  He was allowed to clean up and go
to sleep. 

Mindy walked stiffly out to her car, she held two gold coins in her hand. Had it
been worth it? She hoped so.






MANX
Chapter 36.

David was down to 529 points, he woke up ready to face the day again.  He 
cleaned his room diligently and went down for breakfast.  He had not cum 
since Monday and this was Thursday.  A full 60 hours since he had cum.  
Kathlyn made him drink more of the sperm producing drug and aphrodisiac, 
though she reduced his punishment to 429.

Kathlyn read him a new list of punishments.


     Forbidden                                    Penalties
     Talking back                                      25
     Tardy for breakfast: 8:00 AM every day.                25
     Tardy for lunch at 12:00 NN every day.                 25
     Tardy for dinner at 5:00 PM every day.                 25
     Tardy for class                                   30
     Leaving the seat up.                                   30
     Rude behavior                                50
     Vulgar language                                   50
     Speeding or other traffic violation                         100
     Grades less than 100%                             2-200
     Keep room tidy                               10-100
     Vulgar behavior                                   40-100
     Violating Curfew 10:00 PM                              100
     Violating Curfew 11:00 PM or later                     +100
     Violating Curfew after midnight                        +200
     Violating Curfew after 2:00 AM                         +300
     Not coming home at night                          +500
     Destruction of property                           100-500
     Lying                                             150
     touching your cock                                200
     Drinking Alcohol                                  200
     Absent from any class                                  250
     cuming outside of Kathlyns order or coin holder             250
     Masturbating                                      300
     Tardy for punishment.                             300
     Traffic accident                                  400
     Misdemeanor                                       500
     Grades less than 100% on finals                        5-500
     Grade for course B                                200
     Grade for course C                                500
     Grade for course D                                1000
     Disobeying a direct order                              400
     Cheating                                     750
     Having Sex,                                       500
     Refusal to accept punishment.                     750
     Grade for course F                                1500
     Felony                                            3000
     Expelled from school                                   3000

The new list was quite a bit larger, and slightly more severe.  He was able 
to study all morning. Miss Kim let him drive to school.  While he drove she 
insisted on pulling up her skirt and playing with her thick pussy lips.  By 
the time he got to school he was nearly to sperm himself.  He shuffled  into 
Anatomy where Diane was about to start teaching.  The class was fine  but he 
couldn't pay attention. The girl in the next row was wearing a plaid 
mini-skirt.  He spent most of the time fantasizing about fucking her  brains 
out.  Diane handed his paper back, he had gotten a 90, Damn!  Well at  least 
he got up to 3 minutes with her.

Cynthia had a plan.  She gave a pop quiz to the class.  Poor David got  only 
3 out of ten for 30%, she asked him to stay after class and asked him  if he 
needed "extra credit." He said that he did and they scheduled a time  next 
Tuesday morning.

At dinner a sore and tired Mindy met him, she showed him the two coins  and 
said that she would demand some of his time soon.  Maybe Saturday or  Sunday.

Carry made him stay after class and model for her for a full hour.  She  kept 
repositioning his enornous cock and balls to get a "natural look."  His  cum 
was dripping out of his cock but Carry refused to mention it.  She took  at 
least 3 rolls of film in pictures of it though.  By the end of the  session 
he was almost ready to cry.  She lifted his balls to see how heavy they  were,
each was the size of a honey dew, and they pulsed in her hands.

Miss Kim was there and again let him drive.  She had a shear dress on  and 
she was playing with herself again.  He was so damn horny, and looking  for 
cops so that he wouldn't get a ticket. At one point Miss Kim began  rubbing 
his cock through his slacks, nearly making him cum several times. She  also 
made him drive to a couple of stores where she made various  transactions.  
They finally got home, David was very happy that he had not been pulled  over. 
Kathlyn was waiting at the door and asked for a report from Miss  Kim.

She said, "Very good things happen,

Illegal U-turn 1 violation Speeding  5 violations Rolling stops  6 violations
No turn signal 13 violations

total 2500 points"

David was crushed, he had forgotten that they were still violations  even if 
the police didn't catch him.  Kathlyn gave Miss Kim a platinum coin a  gold 
coin and 4 silver coins.  Then she raised his total to 2929. His  highest 
total ever.  Kathlyn sent him to bed without cuming.  It had been 72  hours 
already, and she was sure that David was about to crack.

Friday Morning came quickly.  Miss Lee let him drive again, he only  made one 
mistake though and she was a bit irritated about it.  He got to  Chemistry 
Class and had a good class there, no homework was due.   Maria had him  stay 
after anyway though.  She groped him through his pants a few times and  warned
him that she had ordered two of the silver coins.  She gave him  some  "extra
credit" work to do, that she knew would set him up!

Elizabeth made them do problems on the board.  David had an obvious  erection,
so she made him stay after class.  She told him that if he  couldn't control
himself that she would have to fail him from the  course  since he was a
distraction to the other students.  He pleaded of course  for  some other form
of punishment, and that he would do/allow anything.

This was exactly what she had been hoping for.  She told him to return  at 
4:30 for his first punishment. She knew that this was just the  beginning of 
his troubles but she needed to work him up to the most blistering  punishments
gradually.

Bonnie seemed to be busy and distracted, she told him that she had to  cancel 
any meeting this weekend and that he should come in very early on  Monday.

David trudged back to Mrs. Kenners class room.  She ordered him to  clean the 
class room, then at the end she would see if he still had an  "Excitement" 
problem.  He worked for two hours on the cleaning to where he finally  got 
his prick to go completely soft.  Even though it had been close to 96  hours 
since he had cum.

He told her he was finished. She told him to prove he was not still  horny.  
And he hesitantly opened his fly showing her his huge if mostly flacid  prick.
The head of it was still caught in his trousers so she reached  in and  hauled
it out. She tried not to gasp and goggle but now she desparately  needed to
see it hard.  Instead she forced herself let him go.  She  promised  herself
he would be her toy before the end of the semester

He got home late for dinner and was gigged another 45 points on his  room for 
a new total of 3099.  Kathlyn let him eat dinner anyways and then told  him 
that he would be going on a special 8 hour mission on Saturday.  A  certain 
group of ladies had paid 2 platinum coins to have him all day.  He had  better
get studying.

Just before dinner Kathlyn made him drink some more of the sperm  inducing 
liquid and also rubbed his balls with some sort of thick white cream.   It 
didn't burn but it did tingle somewhat.




MANX
Chapter 37

In the morning David was allowed to eat a healthy breakfast before  someone 
showed up to collect him. The lady was about 5' 8" tall with large  breasts 
and a tight long black dress.  Strange gear for a Saturday Morning.   She 
loaded David into a large black SUV and drove him out into the  countryside.  
Eventually they got him to a large manor.  It looked like a haunted  house 
actually.


The lady, who said her name was Serena, ushered him into a comfortably  set 
parlor and requested that he remove all of his clothing. She produced  some 
of the cream that Kathlyn had smeared on his balls the night before and  then 
spread some numbing cream on his cock.  She forced him to drink a  double 
dose of the sperm inducing drink. David was sure his balls were about  to 
burst anyways. She put a large condom on over his prick then rubbed a  sticky 
liquid on it. She said that this would ensure his readiness for the  later 
ceremony.

She said he was free to read and wander about, but that he must return  to 
this room at noon exactly.  He did wander and read, he strongly  suspected 
they were some sort of coven, he supposed that they would drain him of  sperm 
and he was certainly ready for that.

When noon came around. He was in the parlor, Serena showed up wearing  nothing
at all.  She had to other women with her, they all had the same  black hair,
Davis suspected it was dyed that way. His prick lurched at  the  site of their
large, round but non sagging breasts.

They removed the condom from his prick and brought him into a large  room. 
The room was somewhat shadowy but there were at least 30 nude women of 
various ages there all of them had the jet black hair that Serena had.   They 
brought him to a large metal frame where his hands and ankles were  cuffed.  
His legs had been spread about 4 feet apart and were in a quite  uncomfortable
position whereas his arms were straight up.  One of the  two  ladies got a
bucked of soapy water and cleaned all the chemical off of  his  genitals. His
prick immediately began regaining feeling.  Though his  balls  ached worse and
worse.  They were the size of large honey dew melons  now.  And they dangled
almost to his knees.  A young lady was led out in  front of  him.  She had
long straight blonde hair and had a frightened but  determined  look on her
face.

Her skin was very fair and she was completely nude. She had not a trace  of 
hair on her pussy, it was clean shaven, and her breasts were full but  not 
heavy. She had light pink colored nipples about the size of half  dollars.  
David guessed that her measurements were about 35-24-38, she had wide  flaring
hips and nice rounded buttocks.  Her skin seemed almost  transparent.    
Serena read some unitelligible incantation and the girl was brought  forward
in front of David where she was forced to kneel.  The gave her  three 
hypodermic needles two contained a thick green fluid, the last  contained a 
clear liquid.  She first injected his two balls.   David felt them  expanding 
and churning after she did this.  Then she injected the third into the  base 
of his cock on the underside.

After this she was tied to a frame like his, but she was on her knees,  with 
her legs wide apart as they would go.  Her apparently virgin slit gaped 
slightly at him.  Suddenly David felt a surge of lust like he had never  felt 
before.  He strained at his chains and his balls churned and his cock  became 
rigid as steel.   He felt his bonds being released, he rushed forth and  began
trying to jam his enormous cock into her tight young virgin cunt.

He pushed at her ass cheeks spreading her sex painfully wide, then he  jammed 
his cock at her gaping slit. The tip of the head was squeezing past her  lips 
painfully. Finally the whole head of his cock was inside her and her  hymen 
broke.  He pulled back and jammed a total of 7 inches of his thick cock  into 
her cunt.  She screamed and shuddered, as he pulled back again and  jammed a 
total of 9 inches into her cunt.

His cock shaft had swollen to about 4 inches in diameter as he pulled  back 
and pushed 10 inches into her pussy.  She was stretched so wide that  her 
asshole was pulled open an inch and a half and flattened sideways.

He gripped her ass cheeks pulling and pinching them before he jammed  his 
cruel prick into her tight hole again and again.  The problem was that  the 
base of his cock was at least 4 and a half inches in diameter and he  had to 
get the whole thing into her body.   She began to relax as he pulled  out and 
her whole body would tense as he jammed it in deeper and deeper.  His  prick 
was stirring up her guts, no virgin girl had ever been fucked like  this. 
Finally he began to get his whole prick into her bleeding pussy.  She 
loosened up enough so that he could slam it in to the hilt each thrust  though
it was still quite tight for him.  Something in the drugs kept  him  fucking
her for a half hour before he began cumming.  He came and came.   The  girls
soft belly began protruding obscenely as her body was filled with  milky cum. 
Finally her ordeal was over and David pulled his rapidly  deflating cock out
of the girl.

He was dragged back and cuffed into the frame again. Some of the ladies  came 
forward with a bucket and they continued to massage his balls and milk  his 
cock for every last drop.  The girl was being subjected to another  torment 
though.  One after another each lady came and rammed her fist up into  the 
girls cunt.  A bucket had been placed beneath her pussy to catch  handful 
after handful of semen and cunt juice.  Finally her hole was dry but  the 
ladies continued to file past and jam the hands and arms into the girls  cunt.

When they had milked him completely and the girl was cleaned out they  had 
collected up about a half-gallon of sperm and fluids from the girl.   She was 
finally untied from the frame but she was immediately forced to lay on  her 
back.  A large funnel was placed in her mouth, then they began to pour  the 
cum into her mouth.  She started guzzling it at first, but it was too  much.  
The other ladies began threatening her, they said they would stick  knives 
into her cunt if she didn't drink it all.   Whenever she stopped  drinking 
they would begin kicking her between the legs and whipping her breasts  with 
canes.

Finally she had consumed it all, though there was a goodly amount on  her 
face and in her hair.  All the women now were laughing and smiling.   Even 
the tortured girl.  The came with a large basin and began washing her  hair, 
which was soon a glossy black color.  She was given a cane, and she 
approached David and rapt him soundly three times. Once to each  testicle and 
finally to his cock head.   David was taken and showered, washed and  dressed 
by two of the ladies.  He couldn't tell them all apart that easily.

They drove him home and told him that they would be requiring his  services 
again from time to time and that they were very pleased with his  performance. 
David told them that he had found the day enjoyable as  well.   David noticed
that he was ravenously hungry!

The rest of the weekend went quietly. Five different ladies showed up  on 
Sunday with copper coins in order to beat his cock and balls. And he  finish 
Sunday night at 1919.  Back under 2000 again!




MANX
Chapter 38.

David was allowed to drive himself to school on Monday Morning.  Which  was 
good because he needed to get in early for extra credit with Bonnie. He  got 
in by 9:00 AM. Bonnie was waiting for him in the deserted classroom.   She 
made him strip and bend over her desk, then she warned him that she was  going
to beat his ass. But if he got a hard on she would whip it 40  times.   It it
was still hard he would have to fuck her.

David started getting hard immediately of course, getting only 5 swats  on 
the butt before he was judged hard enough.  Of course Bonnie was hoping  for 
this.  She turned him around and stroked his huge prick a couple of  times 
and then aimed the belt at it. She knew that the usual reaction of a  man was 
to deflate at a single stroke.  But she landed blow after blow and this  young
mans cock only got longer and thicker. On the fortieth stroke it  was  angry
red and purple, but hard as a rock!

Bonnie made him sit on a chair while she removed her soaked panties.   She 
hiked up her skirt and grabbed David's fuck meat and began working  around 
the entrance to her cunt.  Her pussy was so tight she could barely get  the 
head of his prick into her at first.  Eventually she was taking about  half 
of it. She kept creaming all over his dick, she had atleast 5 orgasms  but 
then she lost count. She had to stop then because of the pain in her  crotch.   
David unfortunately was denied an orgasm.  He still had 14 hours of 
"punishment" left from Bonnie though.

He got to Maria's class barely.  She gave him back his assignment, an  85.  
But there was a note attached requiring him to show up at 6:00 at her  home 
address.  Mindy met him a lunch time, her tits were visibly bigger than  the 
last time he had seen her.  Kathlyn's magical treatments taking effect  he 
guessed.  She was a lot more serious now though, none of the flirtiness  that 
was there before.  She simply ordered him to come to her house at 7:00  PM.   
Bonnie was very nice to him during class it was almost embarrasing.  He  got 
100% on his paper though.  He had really enjoyed sticking her the bone.

He got some studying and a snack in before he went over to Maria's  house.  
Maria handed him the silver coin, and explained her fantasy.  She was  to 
catch him playing with himself while taking her test.  Then she would  punish 
him and force him to jack off for her.  If he didn't cum, she would  punish 
him very severely the last minute of the 15 minutes.

She began the scenario right away.  She was screaming at him, she made  him 
pull down his trousers so she could kick his balls.  Then she made him  jack 
off while she continued to slap and maltreat them.  When the final  minute 
came and David hadn't she grabbed a stapler and viciously set 20  staples 
into his cock head. Chunk! Chunk! Chunk! Chunk! Chunk! Chunk! Chunk!  Chunk! 
Chunk! Chunk! Chunk! Chunk! Chunk! Chunk! Chunk! Chunk! Chunk! Chunk!  Chunk! 
Chunk! Chunk!

Time ran out and David began gingerly pulling the staples out of his  raging 
cock.  He explained that he had cum once already today and that he was 
temporarily low on sperm.  She apologized for some reason and told him  next 
time that she wanted to make him cum instead.

He packed up his ragged, torn up cock and headed for Mindy's place.   Mindy 
saw that his cock was all tore up already so she rubbed some cream on  it.  
Then she required him to do the same for her tit's, ass and pussy.  Eventaully
she grew tired and sent him home.



=====================================================================

Chemistry II:            MWF 10AM  Maria Hidalgo
Topology:           MWF 11AM  Elizabeth Kenner
English Literature II:        MWF 3PM   Bonnie Tolliver
Anatomy II:              TTH 1PM   Diane Hertzog
Roman History:      TTH 3PM   Cynthia Lutz
Intro to Art:            TTH 7PM   Carry Redding
1-877-860-2100 #270950 puddykat@mail.com
-----------------------------------------


Copper:   5 strikes           20 point reduction
silver:        15 minute slave     50 point reduction
Gold:          1 hour slave        150 point reduction
Platinum: 4 hour slave        500 point reduction

Each coin has your name, phone, instructions and picture on it. So any woman 
presenting this to you has my blessing to punish you for the specified 
amount.  I will read you the new list of offenses with penalties.



Age
     years: 20
Penis
     length: 35 cm (13.5 inches)
     girth: 27 cm
Testes
     girth: 60 cm
Orgasm
     time: 3.4 minutes.
     sperm: 130cc.


(Note from Stories-Online.net: author is working on the following chapters)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kanashin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





