BDSM Library - YinBin




YinBin
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Story still being worked on. Heavy incest and Femdom.
YinBin
by Ed (EdNNJ42@aol.com)
(Femdom,incest)

This is my first Femdom story in a few years. If I get enough positive feedback
I'll continue the tale.

EdNNJ42@aol.com




YinBin
Part 1

"Get your ass over here shithead! I've had a hard day so don't piss me off!"
With those words my wife burst into the bedroom. As usual I was standing in the
corner waiting for her to come home. I was naked and hairless from the neck
down. A chastity belt caged my puny dick and also held my buttplug in place.
My wife threw her briefcase at me as I cowered in the corner. I knew I was in
for a tough time. Running over to her I knelt at her feet as she sat on the bed.
Taking off her heels, I massaged and kissed her feet through her silky
stockings. Relishing her sweet sweat, I put her soles up to my nose and inhaled
her scent. I then worked my hands up her thighs and gently pulled on her
pantyhose. Giving me no help, I tried to work the hose down off her muscular
cheeks. "You rip those hose and I'll rip your head", my wife bellowed. Working
ever so slowly I managed to slip her hose down her thighs and off her tender
feet. Laying down on the carpet, I placed my mouth against each toe and sucked
in her sweet digits. Using my tongue I cleansed between them, licking up the
harsh filth and sweat of the day. As I lay face down, I heard another set of
feet approach. Turning my head I saw the toes of my daughter standing next to
me. "Eyes straight ahead worm", I heard my daughter shout. As I went back to
sucking toes I felt the sharp sting of a belt on my behind. Three times the belt
came down with a loud "smack" on my ass. My daughter was very accomplished at
striking the skin for maximum pain. "How was School today dear? Did you pass
your Algebra test?" My wife and daughter started conversing like I wasn't even
there. I was happy Cindy showed up. Now maybe my wife would be put in a better
mood. That feeling was short lived as Cindy started yelling at her mother. It
was the same old argument I've heard a thousand times before. "I hate this
place! Why can't we move to where there's people! I'm getting sick of seeing the
same faces every day! We have the money. Why can't we move to New York or maybe
even Paris!" Cindy was right on that account. My wife was loaded. Her first
husband was very wealthy and left her with a sizable fortune. She didn't need to
work but really loved the power that being the president of an International
company gave her. "When you're eighteen I'll let you live wherever you want! For
now you'll do as I say! Most girls would be thrilled to have the luxuries you
have. Now, go do your homework!" With those words, Cindy stormed out of the
room. I felt sorry for my son, knowing his angry sister was on her way. My wife
stood up and I knelt before her, with head bowed. She ordered me to undress her.
I lovingly removed her dress, slip, bra and panties. Laying down on the bed, she
motioned me between her legs. Taking up the position, I worked my mouth over her
shaved pussy. Parting her wonderful lips I lightly licked her moist insides. As
my tongue explored deeper, I heard a loud scream coming from the Hall. My wife
laughed, "I guess Cindy is taking out her frustrations on poor Paul. I wonder
what delightful torture she's putting him through. I'm so happy I married a man
with a teenage son. Now, suck me harder!" As I sucked and lapped at my wife's
pussy, I could hear Paul's screams. My wife was getting very hot listening to
the sounds of torment as I sucked her dry. Lucy loves to gag me during her
tortures, but Cindy prefers to hear her victims agony. Since I heard no belt or
whip, I could only imagine what torment he was going through. His screams were
punctuated by pleas for mercy as his throat became hoarse. Writhing in ecstasy,
my wife Lucy started to convulse. Drawing in her engorged clit, I felt the
orgasm ripple through her cunt. Wave after wave of contractions pulsed juice
into my eager mouth. I was happy she came and happier that Paul's torment spared
me a similar fate. "Get dressed in your clothes worm and go to the playroom. I'm
going downstairs for something to eat." Obediently I got off the bed and started
to dress. My wife put on a long robe and strolled out the door. Poor Paul's
cries could no longer be heard. My clothes consisted of lacy panties and a bra.
These were followed by sheer, feminine stockings and a blond wig. The pills my
wife has been giving me, and Paul, have greatly expanded our breasts and made
them very tender to touch. I had become adapt at putting on makeup and looking
the part of a cheap whore. High heels and a short skirt rounded out my outfit.
Walking to the playroom I passed Cindy's room. Peering in I tried to see Paul.
Balancing on my heels I put my head through the crack in the door. As I inched
closer a sharp blow stung my leg. I lost balance, and toppled to the floor.
Lucy's other daughter, Claire, was standing over me. Although only 12, she was a
formidable sight. "Why is the Daddy slut looking in Cindy's room? Answer me!"
Staring down, she kicked me hard in the stomach. "I was looking for your brother
Paul", I managed to stammer out. "I wanted to see if he was OK." She continued
to kick me playfully, taking delight in watching me flinch at her blows. "My
slut brother is in the playroom. Jay carried him in. I think him and Jay are
having fun. I think you should join them dear Daddy. I think Jay want's to play
with you too." Claire gave me one last kick and skipped off down the hall. I
slowly got up and made my way to the playroom.

Walking slowly to the playroom, I couldn't get the picture of Jay out of my
mind. He was a tall, heavily built Negro with a gigantic cock. My wife found him
a few months ago working on the loading dock. According to his personnel records
he had six kids all out of wedlock. My wife paid off all his debts and took him
in as a breeder. Lucy and Cindy are both on the pill, but they take delight in
getting the other female servants pregnant. Right now two of the maids are
pregnant by Jay. A third, Linda,  is 8 months pregnant by Lucy's old breeder
John. I feel sorry for Linda. Lucy still makes her do all the wood floors, naked
on her hands and knees. Her milk laden breasts and big belly sag down to the
ground as Lucy stands over her and laughs. Occasionally she would whip her, just
to see her belly and breasts swing back and forth over the soapy wood. Where
John was a kind breeder Jay is sadistic and cruel. He takes great delight in
forcing his monster dick up into the womb. The screams of his victims only seem
to make him thrust harder. Opening the playroom door I saw Paul sitting on the
couch next to Jay. Paul's chastity belt was off and he was rubbing ligament on
his swollen balls. His tender nipples also showed signs of fresh piercings.
"Come on in sissy", Jay beckoned. "We've been waiting for you! Here's your key.
Take it off and let's have some fun." Jay threw me the key to my belt. I pulled
down my skirt, hose and panties then unlocked it. "Take off your pretty clothes
too. You won't be needing them for awhile." Completely naked I stood before him.
"You call that a dick", he laughed. "I've seen bigger dicks on my boys still
covered in birth blood! Hell my parrot has a bigger dick than that! You're even
smaller than your sissy son." It was true. I was much smaller than Paul. "Your
wife will be here pretty soon for a good black fuckin. I need your help to get
me hard for her. She doesn't know it, but I've fucked that sweet pregnant ass of
Linda's two times today. I love to squeeze her big, swollen, white belly as I
ram my dark meat into her. You two better not tell Miss Lucy what I did. She's
been talkin about cutting off your worthless dicks, and I'd be more than happy
to convince her. Now I want you both in a 69 while I stroke. You better make it
good!"  Paul limped down on the floor and I laid next to him. His poor sack was
like a balloon, ready to burst. It was very red and had fresh needle marks. For
a while, Cindy had been threatening to inject his balls with some chemicals. It
looks like she finally did it. I gently took his flaccid dick in my mouth, being
careful not to rub against his sack. I could feel his sweet tongue on my dick as
it rubbed past his teeth. Paul had become an expert at sucking cock. In no time
my dick was rock hard and pushing against his cheek. Paul, however, was not
getting hard. The pain in his scrotum must be too great for him to feel
pleasure. My tongue played with his piss hole and I sucked him deep into me. My
finger worked it's way up his ass, and I probed his prostate. His hand found my
buttplug and gently slid it out. With my ass gaping open, he slid his hand up
inside me. I could see Jay getting excited. His massive cock grew steadily. His
mushroom crown now stood proudly atop the thick pole. He stopped stroking and
just sat there watching us. The feel of Paul's fingers in my bowels made me
delirious. My hips started humping against his mouth at a frantic pace. My
fingers pushed deeper into his ass as my gums crushed his dick. With his rod
fully inside me I pressed my lips to his balls and sucked on his tormented
globe. I was about to cum when I heard the door slam. Looking up, I saw a naked
Claire standing over us. "Looks like I came just in time", she said haughtily.
"Mom will be here soon, but first I want some fun. I never saw a black dick cum
before. Now I want to see one squirt. " Claire walked over to Jay and grabbed
the massive cock with her two small hands. They barely fit around, as she spit
on the head and rubbed it with her palms. Jay tried to stop her hands but she
slapped them back down. "You're going to cum for me baby maker. You're going to
cum or else I'll tell my Mom what you were doin with Linda. I saw you jammin
your big dick up her ass and cunt. I saw your baby cream dripping out of her
holes as she scrubbed the floors. You'll cum for me or else you'll never cum
again!" Claire then put her small mouth to the bulbous head. Her tongue darted
out and teased his pee hole. The pink tip then entered the hole as Claire
stroked the shaft. Jay started to moan. He didn't want to cum, but the feel of
Claire's young tongue was too much for him. Squeezing the head past her lips,
the bulb was sucked in. Her spit managed to ooze down the sides and offered a
good lube for her tender hands. As Paul and me watched, her fingers went to
Jay's chest. The long fingernails drilled into his nipples and Jay started to
buck. Releasing her mouth, she stood up and rubbed her bare pussy along the
shaft. Teasing the head with her opening. Jay's thrusts became frantic. Claire
couldn't control the rampaging dick as it tried to push up her cunt. Grasping
the slick rod she hunched down and slid the shaft between her oversized breasts.
She too had been on hormones and wore a "D" cup. The fucking of this young girls
melons was too much for Jay. With a deep sigh his dick erupted on the pre-teen
girl. Wads of creamy cum splattered on her chest and neck. Claire then stood up
and proceeded to rub the goo into her skin. Playing with her erect nipples, she
moaned and knelt down to Paul. Even with his sore balls, the sight of this had
gotten Paul hard. Noticing his erection, Claire took his dick and led him out of
the room by it. She had been secretly screwing Paul for months. I'm sure the two
of them would have a good time. Paul needed release after his earlier torture.
Jay's cock was now hanging down between his legs. Even fully deflated, it was
still much bigger than my erect one. Jay ordered me to suck on it, but we both
new it was no use. Try as I might the head would not harden. While feeding the
shaft into my throat Lucy came in. Kicking me aside, she stared at the flaccid
penis. "I thought you'd have him hard by now! What's going on here."  Seeing me
and Jay cower away made her furious. "You stupid little dick", she screamed at
me. "You made him cum, didn't you! You knew he was going to fuck me and you made
him cum! You worthless piece of shit!" Terror took hold of me as her nude body
descended to my level. Taking my chin in her hand she stared into my eyes.
"You're going to make him hard again or else that piece of skin you call a dick
is going to be on my dinner plate. I'll make you cut it up and eat it  small
piece by small piece. I'll then throw your balls to my dog and your sack will
hold my jewels instead of yours." Dropping my face she stood up and went to her
instrument table. Taking her dildo pants, she removed the dildo and shoved it up
my ass. On top of this she pushed in my buttplug. She then ordered me back into
the chastity belt. My ass was so sore and full I could hardly walk. She then
ordered Jay into the dildo pants. The spandex fit snugly, and his dick hung out
through the hole in front. She told Jay to get on all fours. Grabbing me by the
hair she pulled and pushed my head through one of the leg openings until my
mouth was planted squarely on his big brown hole. The material cut into my neck
and I found it hard to breath. The fabric pushed his giant sack up against my
chin. "Don't you dare move your tongue away from his ass or you'll be a REAL
dickless husband", she warned. I closed my eyes and begin to tongue the smelly
hole. My wife must have gotten under Jay. I could feel him move down and
imagined his big tongue licking my wife's cunt. I could hear Lucy moan. In a
soft voice she spoke to the black giant. "Your tongue feels so good. What a real
man you are. Lick me deeper. Kiss my clit. I'm spreading so wide for you. Make
me wet for your giant cock. I want to feel your head push into my womb. Fill me
with your cum. Make it flow out in buckets." After a time Jay again changed
position. My head was becoming numb from the tight restriction and lack of air.
I pressed my tongue far up his hole hoping to get it over with ASAP. I wiggled
it around inside and tasted his bitter goo. I felt him going lower and imagined
my wife guiding his monster cock into her pussy. Lower and lower he went,
gliding his shaft into her. My wife spoke to me. "Can you hear me husband? Is
your tongue far up his ass? Can you taste him? I'm holding his black head
against my breast. He's sucking my tender nipple. The same nipple you are not
allowed to touch, he is nibbling freely. His cock is getting hard in my pussy. I
can feel it growing inside me like a baby. It's getting fatter and longer
pressing against my flesh. His black sheath is touching places you can never
feel. He's so big my clit is rubbing against the veins. Soon potent black sperm
will fill my womb. Then I'll make you lap it as it flows from me." My wife's
words were mesmerizing. Jay started to buck like crazy. Like a rag doll my head
bounced against his ass. Taking quick breaths I began to suck on his brown hole.
My tongue was nearing exhaustion. I grabbed tightly onto his legs as he plowed
into her. Lucy was now panting. I could hear every breath of her and Jay as they
neared climax. With a loud shriek my wife came. The contractions on Jay's dick
signaled his final thrust. With a manly "grunt" Jay's sperm shot into my wife. A
few seconds later, he dismounted her and lay on his side. My mouth was still
planted at his ass. The dildo pants had not given an inch. We lay like that for
a few minutes until I heard my wife. "I guess he must like your ass Jay. He
looks like a real worm under that spandex. I guess we should let him out so he
can clean us up."  Jay finally spoke, "I think you'd better hurry Miss Lucy.
With all that tonguing I got to go real bad." My wife began to laugh. "Well I
suggest you go then. I'm sure my dear hubby wouldn't mind being my lovers
toilet. Would you dear? Let's go to the tub, I don't want to get the carpet
stained." Jay stood up and popped my head out of the pants. While gasping for
breath they pulled me to the bathroom and dropped me in the tub. It was a large
tile bath in the shape of a foot. Jay bent down over me as Lucy sat on the tub
wall. Soon a thick brown turd, pushed through the puckered hole. As it grew,
Lucy instructed Jay to move so it was positioned over my mouth. "Open wide worm,
here comes your dinner!"  I watched the long log as it descended onto me.
Missing my mouth it caught the corner of my cheek. "Get down lower Jay, into his
mouth next time." The big man squatted down lower. His shit covered ass was
inches from my face. I saw more shit ooze out. This batch landed square in my
mouth. The taste was foul but I dare not gag. I chewed the soft chunks as more
shit dropped out. Lucy howled with laughter as more and more brown goo covered
my face. Finally Jay was done. To my shame and horror, the bowel movement I was
suppressing could no longer be held in. The double shafts up my ass worked their
magic. As I strained to push, Lucy and Jay both giggled like schoolgirls. Soon
my soft shift had pushed past the intruders and ran out between my cheeks. I
started to cry. My dear wife turned on the shower. Her and Jay started to soap
each other up over my shit covered form. Their bodies intertwined and they
kissed passionately. My head lay between their feet. I could see cum dribble
down my wife's pussy mixed with the soapy water. Jay's conquering penis pointed
straight down like a giant spear. Kicking the chastity belt, my wife looked at
me. "I guess we'll have to replace this with a diaper from now on." They both
laughed and kissed again, tightening their passionate embrace. My tears mixed
with the warm water as I closed my eyes. 




YinBin
Part 2

What a happy little family we have. Can everyone say "dysfunctional". Paul
thinks back to happier times and continues the tale.

It's been two weeks since Cindy injected that fuckin liquid in my sack. It still
hurts like hell. Every time she paddles my balls the fire comes back. I don't
know how much longer I can stand it. Sometimes I feel like just cutting them
off.... Laying on the floor next to Cindy's bed my mind always wanders. I
remember a time when we were a fairly normal family, before Dad married Lucy. My
real Mom was a lot nicer. Even though she bossed Dad around at home, in public
she was sweet and feminine. She was always hugging and kissing me. I remember
the night she left. Her and Dad where having a terrible fight. My bedroom was
next to there's so I put my ear against the wall. I could hear everything. "I
don't know how I could have married such a fuckin wimp", I heard Mom yell. "Not
only is your dick the size of a mouse, you came before you even got in me! Not
that I could feel anything anyway. You call yourself a man! You're not even a
boy! Paul is more man than you'll ever be!" I could hear Dad start to cry. "Oh
great, now comes the manly tears! I'm sitting here frustrated as hell and you're
crying buckets! I can't take this anymore!" With those words I heard Mom bolt
out of the room. I hurried back to bed and tried to sleep, hoping in the morning
all would be well again. A few minutes later I heard the door open and Mom came
into my room. She knelt by my bed, turned on my lamp and stroked my hair. "I'm
sorry if I woke you dearest. Your father and I had a little argument. I just
came in to see if you're all right."  I stared into her loving eyes and told her
I heard Daddy crying. She bent down closer and spoke softly. "You're father
can't control himself honey. I've been trying to have another baby but your
father gets so excited that sometimes he doesn't finish what he starts. I got
mad at him tonight because now is when I'm most fertile." Her head dropped down
like she was embarrassed  to say the words. "Gee, it would be nice to have a
brother or sister", I said cheerily. "I hope Daddy can do what you want." Her
head perked up as she stroked my cheek. "I'm afraid your father is a lost cause
in the baby making department. It's too bad he can't be more like my little
man." With those words my Mom's hand worked it's way down my crotch. Her slender
fingers wrapped around my semi-hard dick. Flicking the head with her nail, she
continued to stroke my cheek. "Are you getting hard honey? My, my, you're a much
bigger man than your father. Doesn't it feel good to have Mommy touch you?" She
leaned over and planted a big kiss on my forehead. In doing so her lacy robe
came open and her gorgeous breasts swayed before my eyes. Instinctively I
reached up and squeezed the hanging globes. I was surprised at how soft her
breasts were. "Aren't Mommy's breasts fun to squeeze", she moaned. "Let Mommy
get in a better position for you to play with them." My Mom then pushed aside
the covers and sat, straddling my chest. "Why don't you play with the tips for a
while honey. They're very sensitive. Here let me show you." Mom unbuttoned my
pajama tops and scraped my nipples with her nails. I never felt anything so
good. I immediately did the same to her nipples. They became hard as my fingers
flicked them. My Mom's moans got louder. Next she bent down and placed her right
nipple in my mouth. "Suck on me honey. Just like when you were a baby. Suck hard
and try to get Mommy's milk out". I sucked on Mom's nipple and scraped the
rubbery bump with my nails. I found I could make her moan and gasp by teasing
her nipples with my tongue then nibbling them with my teeth. All the while my
cock had grown rock hard. It stuck straight up, out of my pajama bottoms. It was
so stiff and hard it actually started to hurt. I started to bounce my ass trying
to get some friction on my dick. Feeling my hips move, Mom sat up and moved her
naked cheeks down my body. I felt wetness on my stomach as she slid down. Soon
my dick was leaning against her ass. Taking her finger she rubbed it into the
goo on my chest. "This is pussy juice Paul. In the whole world there is no more
sweeter smell or taste to a man.  Are you my little man Paul? Do you want to
taste my juice?" She placed her finger near my nose and I inhaled her sweet
nectar. Next she slid her slick finger in my mouth and I sucked off her cream.
She took my hand and placed it against her pussy. It felt smooth and hairless.
Not like the pictures I've seen of naked ladies. My fingers found a damp crack
and slipped inside. She leaned back so I could get a better feel. Her insides
were so moist and slippery. I could feel Mom's fingers join mine. She seemed to
be rubbing a spot above my hand. Her inside was so moist I wondered why her
fingers didn't go deeper. She was moaning a lot louder. I could feel her pussy
getting juicier as I pushed further in. She tried to lean back further and bent
my cock down. As her back arched downward, I saw my father standing in the
doorway. I immediately withdrew my hand and tried to cover my chest. Mom stopped
rubbing herself and sat back up. "What's the matter honey? Is my little man
scared of something?" I raised my hand and pointed at the figure in the doorway.
Turning around, she saw Dad and, smiling, turned back to me. "It's only your
father honey. There's no need to be scared of your father. Especially THIS
father." I was very confused and stammered. "But won't he be mad? I feel so
embarrassed."  Mom patted me on the chest and, in a harsh voice, yelled out.
"Get over here Robert! Don't stand in the doorway like a Peeping Tom. Your son
has a crazy idea that you might be mad. Tell him you're not mad Robert. Tell him
you want to see us together. Tell him you want to see him pleasuring me." Dad
came over and stood next to us.  He was wearing Moms long silky nightgown. His
head was bowed. He spoke in almost a whisper. "I thought maybe you'd come back
to bed so we can try again. I know how fertile you are. I want to be a good
husband and give you another baby. Can we please try?" Tears ran down his cheeks
as he pleaded. Mom got very annoyed. "You see what I put up with Paul! All he
does is whine and whimper. I'm glad I don't have to hide it from you anymore."
Still straddling me she turned to Dad. "How pathetic you are! To think that you
can satisfy me, or ANY woman! Let's make a baby! You got to be kidding! Pick up
your sissy nightgown and show Paul. Show your son your excuse for a dick!"
Defeated, Dad slowly lifted his silk covering. Staring at eye level I spied a
small penile head jutting out between his balls. It was only a few inches long
and small as a Quarter. "Have you ever seen anything so tiny", Mom smirked.
"Even hard it doesn't get much bigger. Let me tell you something dear husband. I
wasn't planning on fucking Paul. I was just going to have some fun and make him
rub me. Once I came I planned on leaving. Now that you've interrupted, I've
changed my mind. I'm going to fuck Paul. I'm going to make love to our son and
you're going to help." Dad, still looking down, whispered. "But you might get
pregnant. Shouldn't Paul at least wear a condom." Mom got off my chest and stood
next to Dad. I could see her hand squeezing Dad's balls as she spoke. "I want to
get pregnant dear husband. I want Paul to be the father. I want to feel his hard
dick squirting cum up my womb. I want to feel my belly growing big with his
child. I want to feel my breasts swollen with milk to feed our inbreed baby. But
most of all, dear husband, I want you to know that I made a man of your son
tonight because you could not be a REAL man for me." With tears in his eyes, Mom
pushed Dad on the floor. Taking his hair she jerked his head over to my, now,
soft dick. With arms folded and proud, Mom watched Dad suck my cock. Soon carnal
sensations overtook my conflicting emotions. I felt myself growing hard in Dad's
mouth. When Dad's head started to bob on my dick, Mom pushed him away. With a
great leap she jumped on my stomach and impaled herself on my rod. It happened
so fast I was stunned. Wildly she moved her body up and down my shaft. Next she
fell on my chest. Holding me tight, she rolled our bodies so I was now on top.
"Fuck me Paul", she screamed. "Fuck your horny mother! Ram your dick into me!
Make me scream! Fill my belly with your seed." Mom's legs reached up and hugged
my back. I could feel her sweaty feet clutching my skin. Like a madman I rammed
my cock into her. The creaking bed was a chorus to our animal cries. I slapped
my hips hard into her. I tried to hurt her. My teeth bit on her nipple. She
screamed as I sucked the warm blood down. With a final thrust, my cum burst deep
into her. Spasm after spasm rocked my body. I crushed her body against mine
trying to go in deeper. Out of breath I rolled off her. My dick made a slurping
sound as it pulled from her hole. She was still moaning and looking for release.
"Get over here Robert and finish the job! You know what to do." Obediently Dad
came over and placed is mouth on Mom's pussy. I heard sucking noises along with
Mom's moans. Pushing his head tight against her cunt, she let out a long scream.
Her head was thrown back as her spine arched violently. At first I thought Dad
had bit her. Gasping for breath she turned to me and smiled. Pushing Dad's head
away she took two of my fingers and shoved them up her pussy. "Feel that Paul",
she panted. "Those are called vaginal contractions. When a woman cums they push
the sperm along deep in her belly where they can make a baby. Let's see what
else I can do to help your  sperm make a baby in me." She called to my father
who had slumped down on the floor. "Robert! Lie on the bed with legs spread so I
can rest my ass on your worthless crotch." Dad did as he was told. Lying on
their backs, Mom shifted her body and rested her ass on Dad's balls. Her legs
rested on his chest and her feet on his shoulders. I lay next to them and asked
her why she was laying like that. "It's very simple dear", she explained. "When
a woman wants to get pregnant, she raises her butt to keep the sperm deep within
her. Usually she stays this way for a couple of hours until the sperm does it's
job. There's no guarantee, but it does raise the odds of making a baby. Of
course most women use a pillow, but I prefer Daddy's balls. At least they're
good for something. Isn't that right Robert?" She started laughing at her joke. 
When Dad didn't respond she kicked him in the chin with her heel. Dad let out a
forced laugh. "Just think dear, someday you can tell your inbreed child how you
helped bring him, or her, into the world. Won't that be fun. I do hope it's a
girl. That way I can dress you two alike. I wonder what you'd look like in
pigtails." Mom started laughing again then trailed off to sleep, holding my dick
in her hand. When I awoke the next morning Mom was gone. I mean really gone. Her
clothes were all there, as was the car, but Mom had vanished. Dad said she
called a cab, and left in the middle of the night. He said she told him "what
she did was wrong and she couldn't face us again." I wanted to believe Dad but
found it difficult, yet I knew he wouldn't do anything to hurt her. A few months
later he met Lucy. A month after that they married and we moved into her estate,
in the middle of nowhere. Well enough reminiscing. I can hear Candy starting to
stir. Unfortunately, I know what she'll want.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ed


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





