BDSM Library - Resort Bondage




Resort Bondage
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A stuck up rich daddy's girl finally gets what she deserves while on vacation at a tropical resort island.
Resort Bondage
From: "Sampson" 

Post any comments to the group or email me by removing NO SPAM from
sampson_32@NOSPAMhotmail.com




Resort Bondage 1

 The bitch had only been on the island for a day and already Juan couldn't
stand her.  She pranced around the resort in her tight little dresses and
sexy swim suits.  She treated the staff like shit and flashed her parent's
money like it was just paper.
 The irony was Juan admired and respected her parents.  They had been coming
to the carribean resort island for many years.  They were nice people and
always treated Juan and the rest of the staff with the proper respect.  As
bartender, it did not escape Juan's notice that they were also excellent
tippers.  Juan genuinely liked them and enjoyed serving them.  But this year
they had brought their daughter.
 Her name was Melanie.  She was twenty-one years old and joining her parents
on this trip was sort of a birthday gift.  When Juan saw her his jaw
dropped.  She made a stunning first impression.  She was very beautiful.
She had long dark hair and a magnificent tanned body, which Juan soon found
out she was not shy about showing off.
 "Melanie, this is Juan," her father introduced his attractive daughter to
him.  "Juan has been here for many years.  He is a good man and an
extraordinary bartender."
 Juan beamed at the praise.  He bowed his head slightly and reached out to
gently take her hand.  "It is an honor to meet you," he said.
 "Make me a cocktail would you, Juan?"  Melanie dismissed him abruptly and
turned away.  She strolled toward the pool.
 Juan was shocked by her rebuff.  But he recovered quickly.  "Right away,
Miss Gates," he muttered softly.
 Although off duty at the time he turned toward the bar to prepare the
drink.  As he walked away he could hear Mr. and Mrs. Gates chastising their
daughter for her rudeness.  But apparently to no avail.   When Juan went to
take the drink to her he found that she had already gone to her room.
 The next evening Juan arrived at the resort to start his shift at the bar.
He was immediately told that Melanie had been tormenting the staff all day.
She would order a plate of food, take one bite of the exquisitely prepared
fare and then throw the dish onto the floor, exlaiming loudly that this food
wasn't nearly up to her standards.  The servers were in tears.  The chef was
outraged.
 Juan was upset.  "Where's Mr. and Mrs. Gates?" he asked.  He had a good
rapport with them.  He would have to see what he could do for the rest of
the staff.  This abuse had to stop.
 "I called the front desk to find out," the first shift bartender said.
"They signed up for a  tour.  They won't be back for three days."
 Suddenly a crash came from the dining area as another plate of food hit the
floor.  Juan listened to Melanie's shrill voice expressing her displeasure
with absolute disregard for anyone.  The young lady who had the misfortune
of serving her ran past Juan in tears.  Juan peeked into the dining area.
Melanie was at the center table by herself.  She was wearing a tight little
minidress and looked very beautiful.  Normally a woman of her striking
beauty would never dine alone at this club.  He noticed other guests leaving
their tables in disdain.
 "Juan, we have to do something."
 Juan realized it was time for drastic measures.  He stepped around the bar
and began to fix a special drink for the obnoxious young lady.  He could
lose his job over what he was about to do.  But he had no choice.  He was
the only one that even had a slimmest chance of pulling this off.
 He finished the drink and asked the other bartender to go take a break.
When he was alone Juan reached far down beneath the bar and retrieved a
small white vial from a tiny recess in the wood.  He opened the vial and
took out two small white pills.  He used these only in extreme situations to
convince guests that it was time for them to leave the bar and get some
rest.  After all, a guest who is sick or hungover from the night before
doesn't spend any money the next day.  He put two pills in the drink and
stirred it until the pills disolved.
 He took the drink to her.  "Good evening, Ms. Gates.  I took the liberty of
preparing one of my specialties for you today."  Juan remained cheerful to
her even as she glared at him.  He set the drink down in front of her.  "I
must warn you though.  It may be too strong for you.  If you find this to be
the case just toss it onto the ground so that I will be sure to hear the
crash of shattering glass and I will be here almost immediately with another
drink.  One more suitable to your obviously delicate pallette."
 Melanie's eyes narrowed.  She studied Juan carefully.
 Juan smiled at her pleasantly.
 She slowly raised the glass to her lips and drank.
 "This is fine," she murmurred.
 Without another word, Juan withdrew.  His ploy had worked.  Now he had only
to wait for the drug  to take effect.  It would not take long.  When Juan
noticed her resting her head in her hands he knew she was feeling the
effects.  Not wasting any time Juan hurried over to her.
 "Can I get you another drink, Ms. Gates?" he asked politely.
 "No," she answered softly.  She looked up at him through bleary eyes.
 "Very well," Juan replied and turned away.  Then he turned back again.
"Forgive me for saying so miss, but you don't look so good.  Are you feeling
alright?"
 "I'm fine," she snapped at him.  "Just a little tired.  I'll be in my
suite."  She rose and wobbled toward the elevator.
 Juan smiled.  So far so good.  He summoned the other bartender back from
his break.  He explained that he was going to be late today and asked if
he'd cover him for a few hours.  After agreeing that Juan would return by
eight o'clock he headed to his truck to collect a few things he'd be needing
for the next phase of his plan.
 After retrieving a bag from his truck Juan stopped by the front desk for a
moment.  Then he continued on to the elevator.  He rode it up to the third
floor and soon found himself at the door of Melanie's suite.  He knocked
softly.  No answer.  He knocked again.  Still no answer or sound from
within.  Juan produced a key from his pocket.  He slowly inserted it into
the lock and turned it.  The door opened.  Juan slipped inside quietly.
 As he suspected, Melanie lay across her bed completely unconcious.  Juan
crossed the room to the bed where Melanie lay sprawled rather unladylike.
The tight little dress she wore had ridden up slightly on her thigh and Juan
caught a glimpse of her panties.  He was going to enjoy this.





Resort Bondage 2


 Juan set the bag down on the bed next to the unconscious bitch.  He
selected a piece of rope from his bag.   With one hand he flipped Melanie
roughly onto her stomach.  He pulled her arms around behind her back and
began to tie her wrists together.  She moaned futilely, but made no attempt
to resist.  Juan yanked the knots especially tight.
 Slowly she was coming out of her stupor.  Juan quckly turned his attention
to her ankles.  She still wore strappy high heeled sandals on her feet and
Juan decided to keep them there.  He tied her ankles firmly and then looped
a couple passes down beneath the heels of her shoes to keep them in place.
 "What's going on?"  Melanie mumbled.   She began coming out of her fuge
very quickly.  She struggled to make sense of what was happening.  She tried
to sit up and found that she couldn't move her arms or legs.  Now she
realized something was wrong and someone else was in the room.
 Before she could scream Juan stuffed a large rubber ball gag into her mouth
and buckled it tightly behind her head.   She began to struggle with the
ropes binding her.  She mumbled and whined through the ballgag.  Juan was
thankful that he wasn't able to hear what would have been coming out of her
mouth at this point.
 Juan stood back against the wall and watched her struggle on the bed for a
few minutes.  She was fully recovered from the drugged drink now, Juan saw.
She struggled to a sitting position on the bed and looked around the room.
She noticed Juan leaning up against the wall obviously enjoying himself.
Immediately recognizing him she let loose a volly of insults that were all
quite effectively muted by the ballgag filling her mouth.
 Juan walked over and stood before her.  She stopped complaining and glared
up at him defiantly. "Melanie," he paused, savoring the moment, "you are a
bitch."
 She garbled something unintelligible back to him.
 Juan laughed at her.  "I like you much better this way."
 Melanie tried to kick him.  Juan expected it.  He easily avoided her clumsy
attempt and grabbed her feet.  He gave a shove and tipped her over onto the
bed.  He rolled her over onto her stomach.  Once again her dress had ridden
up considerably and Juan was presented with the most perfectly tanned
backside he had ever seen in his life.  He smacked it, eliciting a muffled
squeal from her.  He spanked her again.  He watched a red handprint slowly
appeared on her ass.  He spanked her a few more time just for good measure.
 "Listen to me."  Juan leaned down and spoke to her gently.  "You have
disrupted my club.  I will not stand for that.  So you will be confined to
your room until your parents return from their tour.  I will be your keeper
and master.  I assume that you will not agree to these terms willingly so
get used to being tied up."
 Juan rose from the bed and went to his bag.  He dumped it out on the floor.
Melanie twisted around to see what he was doing and saw a huge pile of rope.
Juan selected a particular piece of rope and came back over to Melanie.  He
looped one end around her bound ankles and the other around her wrists.
Then he pulled her into a strict hogtie.
 "That shoud keep you until I get my first break in a couple hours."
 Melanie twisted helplessly on the bed and moaned into the gag.
 "In case your wondering, no one knows that you're here.  Before I came up
her I booked you on a tour that doesn't get back for three days.  I also
cancelled your daily maid service so that we wouldn't be interruped."  Juan
let that sink in.
 "I'll be back a few hours to check on you.  Try not to fall out of the bed.
There may be large spiders on the floor."  Juan smiled and left the room.





Resort Bondage 3


     Melanie struggled furiously for two hours against the ropes that Juan
had applied so tightly to her wrists and ankles.  Seething in anger at the
position this man had placed her in she tried in vain to scream through the
rubber ball that he had forced into her mouth.  Despite her best efforts he
had left her quite securely hogtied and gagged.

     To her dismay and disgust she was unable to free herself by the time he
returned.  Juan entered the room.

     "Aah, right where you're supposed to be.  Did you enjoy yourself?"  He
sat down on the bed.  She snorted and glared at him.  If looks could kill a
man Juan's family would have been very sad.

     "No, of course you didn't."  He reached down to brush a strand of hair
away from her face.  "I apologize for leaving you in such an awkward
predicament."

     Melanie followed him with her eyes.  She wondered if he planned to let
her go now.  Juan reached around and began to unknot the ropes holding her
into a hogtie.  Melanie arched her back to allow him some slack to work
with.  The sooner she was untied the sooner she could ruin this man's life.
He was going to rue the day he decided to play this little game.

     "You have become so helpful now."  Juan finished unknotting the rope.
"But I'm afraid that we're far from done here."

     He pushed her onto her stomach.  He looped the rope around her arms and
began to pull them in together.  He pulled tighter and tighter until her
elbows touched, then knotted it securely.

     Melanie erupted into a garbled collection of rage.  Once again, Juan
was thankful the ballgag did such an efficient job of stifling her
complaints.  He grabbed her around the shoulders and lifted her from the
bed.

     Now that her arms were bound strictly behind her back Juan was tempted
by her prominent set of tits.  He grabbed a handful of each and squeezed her
firm melons through the tight dress.  He was excited at the prospect of
spending the next few days with this bitch.  But now he had to get back to
work and finish his shift.

     He quickly grabbed up another piece of rope.  He tied it to her bound
wrists and then pulled them up behind her until she was bending over at the
waist.  He tied it off to the overhead bar of the king size bed.  She
suddenly quieted down as if she finally realized how helpless he had made
her.  As if to prove that point Juan tugged her dress up above her hips
leaving her scant panties as the only coverage below the waist.  He
carefully selected yet another rope from the pile and tied it around her
waist and then pulled the extra length down between her legs and up the
crack of her ass.  He checked to make sure the crotchrope was buried deeply
in her cleft before tying it off to her wrists.

     "Once again, I must leave you for a little while.  But I trust that
this time you should be able to find some way to entertain youself."  He
jerked the snug crotchrope a little tighter to make his point.  Then he left
her alone once again.

     Melanie struggled furiously for two hours against the ropes that Juan
had applied so tightly to her wrists and ankles.  Seething in anger at the
position this man had placed her in she tried in vain to scream through the
rubber ball that he had forced into her mouth.  Despite her best efforts he
had left her quite securely hogtied and gagged.  To her dismay and disgust
she was unable to free herself by the time he returned.

     Juan entered the room.  "Aah, right where you're supposed to be.  Did
you enjoy yourself?"  He sat down on the bed.

     She snorted and glared at him.  If looks could kill a man?"  He sat
down on the bed.

     She snorted and glared at him.  If looks could kill a man, Juan's
family would have been very sad.

     "No, of course you didn't."  He reached down to brush a strand of hair
away from her face.  "I apologize for leaving you in such an awkward
predicament."

     Melanie followed him with her eyes.  She wondered if he planned to let
her go now.

     Juan reached around and began to unknot the ropes holding her into a
hogtie.  Melanie arched her back to allow him some slack to work with.  The
sooner she was untied the sooner she could ruin this man's life.  He was
going to rue the day he decided to play this little game.

     "You have become so helpful now."  Juan finished unknotting the rope.
"But I'm afraid that we're far from done here."

     He pushed her onto her stomach.  He looped the rope around her arms and
began to pull them in together.  He pulled tighter and tighter until her
elbows touched, then knotted it securely.  Melanie erupted into a garbled
collection of rage.  Once again, Juan was thankful the ballgag did such an
efficient job of stifling her complaints.

     He grabbed her around the shoulders and lifted her from the bed.  Now
that her arms were bound strictly behind her back Juan was tempted by her
prominent set of tits.  He grabbed a handful of each and squeezed her firm
melons through the tight dress.  He was excited at the prospect of spending
the next few days with this bitch.  But now he had to get back to work and
finish his shift.

     He quickly grabbed up another piece of rope.  He tied it to her bound
wrists and then pulled them up behind her until she was bending over at the
waist.  He tied it off to the overhead bar of the king size bed.  She
suddenly quieted down as if she finally realized how helpless he had made
her.  As if to prove that point Juan tugged her dress up above her hips
leaving her scant panties as the only coverage below the waist.

     He carefully selected yet another rope from the pile and tied it around
her waist and then pulled the extra length down between her legs and up the
crack of her ass.  He checked to make sure the crotchrope was buried deeply
in her cleft before tying it off to her wrists.

     "Once again, I must leave you for a little while.  But I trust that
this time you should be able to find some way to entertain yourself."  He
jerked the snug crotchrope a little tighter to make his point.  Then he left
her alone once again.





Resort Bondage 4


 When Juan returned at the end of his shift Melanie had been feeling the
rope rub up against her pussy for the last three hours.  Juan was not
surprised to find that her panties were quite damp.  She continued to stare
daggers at him but did not try to speak with the ballgag firmly fastened
between her lips.  Juan untied the crotchrope.
 Knot by knot Juan untied her until only her wrists were bound behind her
back.  She stared at him cautiously, not making a sound.  Juan wondered if
he had broken her already.
 "I'm going to remove the gag," Juan told her.  "Do not scream.  Do not
yell.  Do not even speak unless I ask you a question.  Do you understand?"
 She nodded.
 Juan unbuckled the ballgag and pulled it from her mouth.  She worked her
jaw back and forth a little and wet her lips.  Juan held a glass of water to
her lips.  She drank it.
 She leaped from the bed, hands still bound, and started screaming.
"Someone help me.  I'm in here."  She ran toward the door.
 Juan tackled her to the floor before she could any further.  He clamped his
hand over her mouth.
 "Bitch, that just cost you a very comfortable night."  He kept his hand
over her mouth and reached down with his other hand and pulled her panties
down.  Dodging her kicking legs he managed to get them off.  He wadded them
up into a ball and stuffed them into her mouth.  Yanking his tie off from
around his neck he pulled it between her lips, gagging her.
 He dragged her struggling all the way over to the bed.  He reached into the
bag and pulled out a black leather strap.  He quickly snared her kicking
feet and strapped her ankles together.  Two more straps were fastened around
her legs, above and below her knees.  Now he pulled her to her feet.  She
balanced precariously while he lifted her dress up and over her head.  He
left it dangling at her bound wrists.
 Using another strap he fastened her elbows tightly together behind her.
Only then did he untie the rope around her wrists and yank the dress
completely away from her.  Then quickly he stapped her wrists together once
more.  He toppled her onto the bed, naked and completely helpless.
 Now he produced a strap harness.  He started strapping her into it.
Melanie gasped as Juan pulled straps around her body, above and below her
tits, and then fastened them tightly.  Then she saw the strap that was to go
down between her legs.  But Juan had a couple more surprises for her.
 The dildo was big but Juan forced it into her lubricated pussy until it was
completely buried inside her.  Juan had to work a little harder to insert a
butt plug into her back side but it slid home with an audible grunt from
Melanie.  Then he pulled the crotch strap down between her legs.  He pulled
it tight to force everything just a bit deeper and then secured it.
 Now Juan folded her legs up against her body and used two more large straps
to bind her body into a constricting ball tie.  Juan stepped back to take a
look at his little bound package.  He had no doubt that she had never in her
life experienced anything like what she was feeling right now.
 Juan turned toward the closet.  Of course it was full of her dresses and
fancy outfits.  Juan pulled everything out and threw it on the floor.  Later
he would go through her things and see if there was anything that he'd like
to see attired in tomorrow.  He checked the closet bar.  It was high quality
and able to hold plenty of weight.  Perfect for what he had in mind now.
 He retrieved two heavy duty hooks from his bag and hooked them on the bar
about two feet apart.  Then he went to the bed and picked Melanie's bound
form up in his arms.  He carried her to the closet and held her up the bar.
Supporting her weight with one arm he reached up with his free hand and
attached the hook to the back of the harness.  The other clip was attached
similarly.  Now she hung horizontally, face down, in the closet.
 Juan couldn't resist pinching her nipples.  He noticed how they immediately
hardened at his touch and that gave him yet another idea.  He attached the
nipple clips to her nubs one at a time.  She squealed as they bit down onto
her sensitive flesh.
 "Get used to this, bitch."  He let his hand run over her body.  He noticed
now how the crotch straps completely disappeared between the folds of her
pussy.  "This is how you deserve to be treated for the way you've been
acting.  Of course your parents were not raised to discipline their
children, but I think your father would approve."
 Juan shut the door of the closet leaving her in darkness.





Resort Bondage 5


 Juan slept very well.  Other than the occasional whine, grunt, or moan from
the closet he was not disturbed at all.  He always woke early, with the sun,
and today was no exception, despite the more comfortable bed than he usually
slept in.
 He retrieved Melanie from the closet where she had been hanging all night
and tossed her onto the bed.  He began to release the straps from her body
one by one.  She moaned as the blood flow returned to her arms and legs.
 "Go now," he indicated the bathroom.  "You won't have another chance for
some time."
 Melanie looked at him, her mouth still gagged, as if she wanted to ask a
question.  Juan realized what she wanted.
 "Remove the dildo and butt plug while you're in there.  Then clean them
both off and bring them to me.  If they even smell like shit or cum juice
I'll shove both of them up your ass this time."
 She got up carefully and made her way into the bathroom.  Several minutes
later she returned with the sparkling clean toys.  Juan was pleased.  She
seemed to be grasping her role finally.  Juan tied her spread eagle to the
bed and slipped a blindfold over her eyes.  It should keep her out of
trouble while he went down to the restuarant for some breakfast.  He was
famished.
 Compared to the way she spent the night Melanie was in heaven being spread
out on the bed.  She was very tired and soon found herself drifting off to
sleep while wondering what her captor had in store for her now.
 Juan returned to the suite a couple hours later with a package.  He untied
Melanie from the bed.
 "Take this."  He handed her the package.  "Go put it on."
 She took the package and went into the bathroom once again.  It was a
slutty french maids costume.  The tiny black leather skirt would barely
cover her ass and the top part of the outfit was designed for her nipples to
peek out.  A black garter, fishnet stockings, and a pair of black high heels
completed the ensemble.  Having no choice in the matter she dressed herself
in the outfit.
 "Very nice," Juan said when she reappeared from the bathroom.  "Since we
don't have maid service for the next few days don't you think you should
tidy up?"
 Melanie stared at him in shock.  Did he actually want her to clean this
place?  She had never cleaned anything in her life.  At home they always had
the maid do it.  That was when she realized what he was doing to her.
 "Start with the bed," he suggested.
 Not exactly sure what to do with the bed she studied it for a moment.
 "Wait a minute," Juan called out.  "I almost forgot about these."  He
dangled a pair of handcuffs from his finger.  Quickly he cuffed her wrists
together in front of her.  Then he produced another pair, this time with a
short chain between the links.  He fastened these around her ankles.
 Melanie found that in order to walk she was forced to take short little
steps.  Juan seemed pleased with the way it made her tits bounce up and down
when she walked.  He watched her bounce awkwardly around the bed, trying to
pull the sheets up like she thought it was supposed to be done.  Obviously
she had never done anything like this her entire life.
 Finally she decided that it looked good enough.  She stopped fussing with
the sheets and looked to Juan.
 "Are you finished?" Juan asked.  The gag still in place, Melanie was
prevented from speaking, but she knodded slowly.
 Juan walked over to the bed and studied it carefully.  He paced
thoughtfully from one end to the other until he stood directly behind
Melanie.  She waited nervously for his reaction.
 "I have to tell you," he began, "I'm very disappointed.  It's almost as if
you had never even made a bed before."  He gave her a shove and she tipped
forward onto the bed.  He kneeled down next to her and pulled the tiny
little skirt up above her bare ass.  Then he spanked her until her ass
cheeks were bright red.  She squirmed and cried out through the gag until he
stopped.
 "Obviously you have a lot to learn about being a servant."  Juan told her.
Then he reached down and felt her pussy.  She was plenty wet.  He jammed a c
ouple of fingers deep inside her causing her to gasp in shock.  He fingered
her clit while she bucked around wildly on the bed.
 He got up from the bed and retrieved a couple of items from the bag of
toys.  One was a vibrating egg, which he turned on and shoved it up into her
pussy.  Then he tied a thick rope around her waist and pulled a double
strand of it down between her legs, splitting her pussy lips and pushing the
vibrator deep into her shaft.
 Then he replaced her gag with a thick black dildo gag, which he had to
force down her throat.  He pulled her up from the bed and sat her down in a
chair.  He removed the handcuffs from wrists and pulled her arms over the
back of the chair behind her.  With rope he first bound her wrists, then her
elbows tightly together.  He grabbed another length of rope and roped up her
tits nicely until they jutted out bounteously.   Finally he uncuffed her
ankles and roped each ankle up and back under the chair so that she was
forced to arch her back.  This kept a lot of pressure on the crothrope which
now pulled deeply between the lips of her pussy.
 Juan reached down and caressed her bound tits.  He teased her pert nipples
until they hardened in excitement.  She moaned loudly when Juan put a
clothespin directly on each of her nipples.
 "That should keep you out of any trouble for a few hours."  Juan was
pleased with how fantastic she looked in bondage.  He headed toward the
door.  "I'll be back in a few hours."
 She groaned when he said this.
 "I'm sorry, my dear.  But I have a lunch date with a very nice young lady."
With that explanation he left her alone once again.





Resort Bondage 6


 Juan returned several hours later.  He was very excited.
 "You are going to make me a rich man," he told her.  He hurriedly untied
her from the chair and carried her to the bed.  He took the clothespins off
her nipples.  Then he untied the tight crotchrope and removed the vibrator
from her pussy.  Her pussy was nice and wet.
 "You little whore," he exclaimed.  She had obviosly been enjoying herself.
"There'll be plenty more of that later tonight, but for now we have to get
you ready."
 Melanie wasn't sure what he meant by that but a tingle of excitement
coursed through her body at his words.  Juan flipped her onto her stomach
and quickly pulled her ankles up to her wrists and tied her into a snug
little hogtie.  Melanie barely heard herself moan softly as Juan manipulated
her helpless body however he pleased.  She was in ectasy.
 Still being blindfolded Melanie heard Juan leave the room once again.  Left
alone she rolled on the bed, testing her tight bondage.  She pulled against
the ropes just to feel how tight they were.  Just thinking how helpless she
was made her pussy all wet.  She longed for the tight crotchrope or the
vibrator in her pussy.  She hadn't realized that she was even capable of
this much sexual pleasure.
 Juan returned to the room after being gone only a few short minutes.  She
listened to him move about the room.  He paid no attention to her
whatsoever.  She laid quietly on the bed waiting in anticipation for
whatever he would do to her next.  Unbelieveably, considering what she
thought of this man just ten hours ago, she wished he would fuck her.  She
wanted to be raped by this man.  She gasped at the thought of it and almost
came.
 He finally approached the bed and pulled her over to the edge so he could
get at her.  He quickly untied the knots holding her so helpless.  One rope
at a time he untied her until she was completely unbound for the first time
since yesterday.  It felt odd to her.  He even removed the gag and the
blindfold from her eyes.
 "You need to eat," he told her.  He pointed across the room to the table.
On the table was a tray with some sandwiches, a tall glass of water, and
some fruit.  She realized that she was very hungry.  She rose from the bed
awkwardly and went to table and sat down.  She ate the food while he watched
her.  When she was done he handed her one of the dresses from her closet.
 "I want you to go into the bathroom.  Take a shower and get cleaned up like
you were going to one of your rich friend's parties.  When you come out I
want you to be wearing this."  She took the dress from him.  It was a tight
little black minidress that hugged her curves.
 "And also these."  He held a shopping bag out to her.  Inside the bag was a
pair of black high heels with straps and some black stockings and garter
belt.  "You have one hour.  Do not disappoint me."
 She took the dress and the bag and went into the bathroom.  Her heart was
fluttering with excitement.  She didn't waste any time getting ready.  One
hour was not much time for her.
 Nevertheless she was ready in time.  She knew she looked good in the black
dress.  The heels were higher than any she had worn before and the lingerie
was sexy.  She didn't plan on disappointing Juan no matter what he had in
mind.  She stepped out of the bathroom.





Resort Bondage 7


 Juan was waiting for her outside the bathroom when she stepped out.  He
looked pleased with her appearance.  In his hands he held rope.  Without a
word he pulled her arms around behind her back and bound her wrists tightly
together.  Then he yanked her arms tightly together until her elbows
touched.  She gasped as he tied them snugly in place.
 Another rope went around her chest several times until her tits were firmly
encompassed in rope.  The tight thin fabric of the dress did nothing to hide
the hardening of her nipples.  Juan twisted her around to face him.  He
surveyed his handiwork.  Noticing her nipples obviously becoming aroused he
tweaked them, causing her to moan softly.
 "Not yet, my little whore."  He produced a large red ballgag and slid it
past her lips.  "But I suspect that maybe later on your tits may get plenty
of attention."  He buckled the ballgag securely in place.
 "Our guests won't be here for a few minutes yet."  He paused to watch her
reaction.  She seemed surprised but not overly so.  "Feel free to move
around now.  You most likely won't get the chance later on."
 Melanie walked carefully over to the sitting area.  It was difficult with
her arms bound behind her and wearing the super high heels.  She glanced
around her suite.  Juan had spread hours d'vours on the table.  He was
actively pacing back and forth in anticipation of something.  She sensed his
tension.  Knowing that something was going to happen to her and she was
helpless to avoid it made her excited.  Her pussy began to moisten.  She
tried to budge her arms and found the ropes held her completly immobile.
 A knock at the door caused Juan to jump.  He took a deep breath and then
answered the door.  A man and a woman entered the room.  They were middle
aged, perhaps a few years younger than her Melanie's parents.  They were
dressed well and obviously had money.  Juan was obviously a good acquaitance
for she shook the man's heartily and kissed the lady on cheek.  He showed
them in.
 The man noticed Melanie immediately.  He looked her up and down.  Melanie
could feel his eyes on her body, probing.  Had she not been gagged Melanie
might have told this man to go fuck himself, but she was obviously unable to
do anything about it.
 "She's very nice, Juan."  He finally looked away from her.
 "This is Annie," Juan introduced Melanie.  "She is my slave for the next
week and tonight she has agreed to participate in our game."
 "She's lovely."  The woman stepped past her husband.  She walked right up
to Melanie.  She stepped around her, circling her like a shark.  "She's very
flexible," she said, noticing her arms bound strictly behind her.  She slid
a hand up and down Melanie's thigh.
 "Now, now Mrs. Pinkett, we've agreed to wait until the other arrive." Juan
chided her gently.
 Mrs Pinkett smiled.  "Of course, Juan."  She gave Melanie's ass a pinch
before stepping away.
 Soon two other couples arrived and had similar reactions to Melanie.
Melanie was not sure how to handle all the attention, but thankfully she had
no choice but to accept the stares, ogles, and occasional pinches.  She
actually began to enjoy this raw sexual attention to her body.  It was like
she was not even a person, just one beautiful sexual bundle of heat about to
explode.
 "All right ladies and gentlemen, let's review the rules of the game.  Five
hundred dollars will buy you a chance to roll the dice.  Whoever has the
highest roll gets to select one item from the grab bag to apply to our dear
slave.  Whoever has applied the most restraint by the end of the game shall
inherit Annie for 24 hours to enjoy their own personal slave."
 Melanie almost died.  She was being sold as a piece of property at an
auction.  And there was not a thing she could do to stop it.  Juan grabbed
her by the arm and walked her over so she stood in the center or the room.
 "Let's get started."  Juan announced to the eager players.
 Everyone chipped in their money, which Juan collected, and rolled the dice.
Mrs. Pinkett won the first round with an eleven.  She reached into the bag
and selected a rope.  With a smile that made Melanie nervous she approached
her with the rope in her hands.  She doubled the rope up and encirlced
Melanie's trim waist.  She studied the rope for a moment before tying a
simple knot in it.  Then Mrs. Pinkett pulled the rope down between Melanie's
legs and up the backside.  When she pulled it tight and knotted it in back
Melanie found that the knot was strategically placed right on her clit.  She
shifted  from side to side experimentally.  Mrs. Pinkett came back around to
face Melanie.
 "You'll thank me for that later," she whispered to Melanie.  She tugged on
the rope sending waves of pleasure through Melanie's body.  Mrs. Pinkett
returned to her seat.  Her move had obviously been a crowd pleaser for the
rest of the player's attention was rivetted to her.
 The next roll was won by an older gentleman who reminded Melanie of her
grandfather.  He smiled at her gently as he reached into the grab bag and
pulled out a wicked set of nipple clips.  The black fabric of her dress was
stretched down to exposed her tits and the nipple clips were attached.
 The next roll produced a black leather blindfold which Mr. Pinkett won the
opportunity to apply to her.  Unfortunately Melanie was now no longer able
to follow the game.  She was to have no idea who would win her.
Nevertheless the game continued.
 Soon she found her legs bound far apart by a spreader bar and she was
fitted with a butt plug.  Then her arms were pulled up behind her, forcing
her to bend forward at the waist.  Someone placed a vibrator between the
double strand crotchrope.  As the tight rope vibrated endlessly on her pussy
and clit she orgasmed again and again, obvlivious to the group of people
watching and cheering after each one.
 Melanie lost track of time as she was repeatedly bound in varying
positions.  Her nipples were continuously clamped and her ass and pussy were
constantly filled with various vibrating object designed to keep her
sexually crazed.  She came over and over again, screaming and moaning into
whatever gag happened to fill her mouth at the time.  Finally she passed
out.





Resort Bondage 8 (conclusion)



 When she came to she heard voices.  She was still tightly bound, gagged,
and blindfolded.
 "Congratulations.  Would you like to take her tonight or shall I have her
delivered?"  She could her Juan speaking to someone.  She could not make the
response to Juan's question.  "Excellent.  Thank you for coming tonight."
 Juan closed the door.  Melanie moaned softly.  Juan knelt down on the floor
next to her.
 "Have you learned anything from the last few days?"  Juan spoke softly into
her ear.
 Melanie moaned soflty and knodded her head slowly.
 "So have I.  I learned that you are worth a lot of money.  I hope that your
parents will not miss you too much.  You are much to valuable to return."
 She raised her head slightly.  Had she heard him correctly?
 "Yes, my dear.  I need to get some rest now and then in a few hours we will
prepare you for your delivery to your new owner."
    Several hours later Melanie awoke to find Juan untying her.  He pulled
the dildo out of her pussy and retrieved a vibrating butt plug that was
slowly dying.  He removed the gag from her mouth and took the blindfold from
her eyes.
 Melanie was surprised to see that it was still dark out.  Dawn had not yet
broken.  Juan pulled her to her feet.  Melanie was sore all over.  She was
surprised to find that she still wore the black dress and lingerie from the
night before.  Although her pussy and tits had been tormented all night long
they had never bothered to strip the dress from her.  Juan pulled it off of
her now.
 He reached a hand down between her legs and felt her pubic hair.  Melanie
did not have the strength or the willpower at this point to protest.
 "Go into the bathroom and clean yourself up.  Take a shower and shave
youself."
 Melanie looked up at him.
 "If I find any hair down there I will yank them out one at a time."
 Melanie cleaned herself up and shaved her pussy mound carefully.  It was
hard to do but she made sure that she was completely bare.  When she stepped
out of the bathroom Juan bent over to inspect her pussy.
 "Very good."
 He had her put on a pair of red high heels that she didn't recognize as
hers.
 "Your new owner has requested that you be wearing these shoes when you are
delivered to him.  Do not remove them for any reason or you may be punished
severely," Juan explained to her.
 Next her pulled her arms around behind her and slid them up into a single
glove.  He laced up the glove until her arms were tightly encased.  Then her
fitted a harness around her body, tightly binding her bound arms to her
torso and pushing her tits out prominently for display.  He pulled the
crotch strap tightly through her bare pussy.  Several more straps went
around her ankles and thighs.
 Juan turned toward the large walkin closet and brought out one of Melanie's
large luggage cases that she had used to pack her clothing for the trip.  He
looked at it carefully and then back at Melanie.  She realized that he meant
to put her inside of the case.  Suddenly it looked very small to her.
 Juan then gagged her with a pump gag.  He pumped up the gag until Melanie's
cheeks bulged and she couldn't even moan.  He blindfolded her.  Melanie
listened as he pulled the luggage over to her.  Before he put her into the
box her added more straps to her body, pulling her into a compact ball tie.
 "Goodbye, Annie.  It has been my pleasure."
 The case was closed up and latched tightly.  Melanie could not move an inch
or make any sound at all.  She felt the case lifted and she realized that
she was being moved.  She no longer had any control over her life.  A tingle
started in her pussy where the strap rubbed against her and ran from her
pussy up through her body to the tips of her nipples. It was the most
exciting thing that had ever happened to her.

The END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sampson


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





