BDSM Library - Black Roommate




Black Roommate
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sandra's black roommate fought back and took the control position. Lesbian feet worship story.
Black roommate

by PK




Black roommate

by PK

Chapter 1

Sandra was anxiously awaiting the arrival of her new room-mate Angie. What
excited her most was the possibility to show the new one who was the boss. She
did it to Angies two predecessors (both left the school some month later), and
she had learned that she loved to humiliate women. She knew she was a bit kinky
on this side, but she also knew that she wouldnt get into trouble almost
certainly. She had a beautiful face, an athletic but soft body and long blonde
hair that matched her light complexion with a few freckles perfectly. Even if
she had not been an A-grade student, no one would have believed how cruel she
could be.

And her activities in school-sport and the Judo- and jiu-jitsu-lessons she had
as a child helped her a lot in dominating her roommates. Finally it knocked at
the door. As Sandra opened, she was astonished. Angie was georgeous! An ebony
beauty for a change! She stood slightly higher than Sandra and had a georgeous
body, though her tits seemed to be a bit too big for the rest of her body.
Angies thick sensual lips smiled at Sandra.

"Hi, I am Angie, your new roommate. May I come in?"

"Of course, of course. Let me take your bag. I am Sandra."

"Well, here I am. I hope we will get along with each other. If there will be
something that bothers you just tell me. I dont mind if someone tells me
honestly such things."

Sandra decided not to wait. It was 7.30 pm, so she would have the whole evening
and night with Sandra. As Angie roamed in her bag, Sandra went to the door and
locked it, coughing to prevent Angie from hearing the clicking sound. "I think
we will get allong fine, as soon as you know the basic rules."

"Rules?" Angie looked up.

"Well, actually just one rule. I am the boss and you do what I tell you. Do you
accept?"

Angies smile faded a little. She seemed to be unsure if Sandra was joking or
not.

"Well, I certainly dont." She waited for Sandras reaction, to see if she was
mocking her or not.

"Come on, its not that hard. Lets start by giving me a few kisses on my feet!"

"Are you nuts?" Angie said, looking puzzled.

Sandra smiled reassuringly and went to the unsuspecting Angie. She took her
right wrist before Angie could draw her arm back, and twisted it painfully
behind her back. She quickly took her other arm and did the same with it. She
pushed Angies hand up, forcing Angie to bend down at her waist in a 90 degree
angle. Then she kicked Angie in the back of her knees with the side of her foot,
causing Angie to fall on her knees. She went around her, still holding Angies
wrists, until she stood directly in front of the panting black girl.

"Leave me allone, you...you bitch!" Angie cried out. Sandra was happy that

the appartments had nice thick walls, though most of the others were out by this
time at saturday anyway. Sandra just drew Angies wrists toward herself until
Angies face made contact with Sandras feet. As Angie saw what Sandra had in
mind, she had turned her head so her soft right cheek rested on Sandras feet.

"Now, come on, kiss them. Just a nice big kiss on each of them for starters."

"NO! Ill kill you, you bitch! LET ME UP!"

Sandra sighed mockingly. "Ok, then the hard way"

She slowly bent one of Angies little fingers. "AAH! Stop that" yelled Angie.

"You know what to to" replied Sandra and bent the finger further.

"Pleease, please stop. It hurts! AAH!"

Angie was crying and sobbing by then, and the pain still increased. "OK, Ill do
it, stop, please!"

Sandra released her grip just a little. "So then?"

Sobbing, Angie turned her head and gave each of Sandras feet a little peck. "You
can do better than that. I want nice big wet long kisses. You better do it right
this time. I have all night to show you what I mean."

Sandra bent Sandras finger even further than before, then released it a little.
Angie cried out at the pain, then quickly planted her thick sensual lips, 
slightly opened, against Sandras right foot. She was now openly crying, mostly
from the humiliation she had to endure.

She gave Sandras foot a long, wet kiss, then switched to her other foot. As
Angie kissed her other foot, Sandra took Angies both index fingers in one hand
and drew a chair to her with her free arm. Sandra sat down and looked smiling
down at the ebony beauty, her dreadlocks sprawled around her feet.

"You bitch..." she heard Angie muttering against her feet.

Sandra bent Angies Fingers again. "And now the same for every toe, to show me
you are sorry for what you just said."

Angie had no choice. Anything was better than the unbearable pain in her
shoulders and fingers. Ashamed and humiliated, she brought her face back down to
Sandras feet and gave, now sobbing quietly, each of Sandras small toes a kiss,
working her way from the smalles of her right foot to the smallest of her left.

"Good girl." Sandra patted Angie on her head, bringing up a new series of sobs
from her.

She released Angies right arm and let it slump to the floor. She pressed Angies
left hand to her forearm, so her palm faced her wrist, and applied pressure at
the exactly right spot. She knew from her Jiu-Jitsu lessons what an  unbearable
pain this grip could cause. She was satisfied as she saw Angies contorted face
and heard her low moans. She removed her feet from under her face and used them
to place Angies face with her left cheek on the floor. Angie had her eyes
tightly closed as the tears flowed from between her lids. Sandra placed her feet
on either side of Angies head, her face facing Sandras left foot.

"Take my foot in your hand and kiss my sole."

Needing no further encouragement than the pain in her wrist, Angie complied.

"Now put it down on your head and tell me that you submit."

Angie placed, shaking, Sandras sole on her upturned cheek and sobbed, barely
audible, "I..I submit"

"Louder, my little darling"

"I SUBMIT"

Sandra was satisfied. She knew there was much fight and pride left in Angie.
What she wanted now was a little cat-fight, to show Angie that she could also
win without tricks. Catfighting, especially the pin-downs she liked most, were
always a good and stimulating way to show other girls her superiority. She let
go of Angies other arm and stood up, her foot still planted on her face. She
removed her foot from Angies cheek and put it in front of her face.

"And now the same again without my help. Show me what a nice girl you are."

As Sandra had expected, Angie jumped at her screaming. They rolled around on the
floor. Sandra played with Angie like a cat with a mouse, letting her nearly win
and escaping easily shortly before Angie could pin or beat her. As she was tired
of this, she easily wrestled Angie on her back and straddled her belly, pressing
Angies wrists down beside her head in a classic schoolgirl- pin style. She
smiled down at Angies face as she bucked under her, involuntary stimulating
Sandras crotch with her belly.

"Oh, how sweet" Sandra taunted her, "I love breaking in black fillys. Dont stop,
its fun to ride you. Show me how strong you are, little one."

After 5 minutes of bucking, Angie was finally exhausted and laid limply under
her, eyes closed in her degradation.

"Oh come on, a little more!" Sandra bobbed up and down a little on Angies belly.


She slid her butt up until she sat on Angies big breasts, which formed a
comfortable cussion for Sandras butt as they were pressed flatly against Angies
chest. Angie moaned from the pain. Sandra brought Angies hands nearer and
pressed her knees hard against her wrists. She still knew where it really hurts.
With her now free hands she pried Angies big lips open, revealing her perfect
white teeth.

"Nice healthy teeth, good pony." She enjoyed Angies hateful glance as she
stroked her over forehead and nose.

"Lets clean the a little more, so they stay that way."

Sandra produced an old handkerchief from her pocket, spit on it and started 
rubbing it over Angies teeth, prying her lips opne with her free hand. Angie
started bucking wildly around at this new humiliation, but Sandra barely noticed
with her secure and comfortable seat on her breasts. She just kept "cleaning"
Angies teeth, letting a bit of her own saliva dribble down on her  teeth and
rubbing again. Finally satisfied she sat back and smiled down at the beautiful
ebony face stuck between her thighs. She knew she had all night to play her
little humiliating games with Angie. She intended to sit on Angie a couple of
hours more before doing something else to her. And she was prepared. She had a
small table with weels on which she had placed some cokes, a few slices of cake,
a phone, a remote control and a cardboard box she had prepared  for this
occasion. She stretched to the table and pulled it to her.

"Time for a little chatting. You dont mind if I call a few friends? However, I
hope you understand that I have to mute you for a while. Dont want my little
untamed pony to disturb me."

She reached into the box and took out a pair of thick sport-socks she had worn
the last couple of days at her workouts. She pressed her index-finger and thumb
against Angies cheeks, forcing her mouth open, and stuffed them in her mouth.
She noticed they were still pretty wet from her sweat. She poked them in with
her fingers until Angies whole mouth was filled, her cheeks bulging out
obscenely. She thought of placing some tape over her lips, but then she saw that
Angies mouth was so completely filled that she propably couldnt even move her
tongue the faintest bit.

She giggled a little about Angies funny stuffed face, then picked up the phone
to make a few calls. She spent the next hour chatting with her friends, smiling
down at Angie from time to time when she tried to say something or scream into
her sweaty sock-gag, which muted her very effectively.

When she was finished, she removed the socks from Angies mouth. "Nice quiet
little pony. But now you are propably anxious for some girl-talk."

"Please, get off me, I cant breath" Angie groaned.

"Oh, Im sorry, little one, Ill get off your chest." She slid forward and sat on
Angies upper chest and neck, her chin pressing against the crotch of Sandras 
shorts.

"Do you mind if I take off my shirt? Its pretty hot in here." She removed her
T-shirt, exposing her plump milky breasts. They were rather big, with big pink
aureoles which covered nearly a third of her breasts. Angie stared up at her 
with fear. She felt that Sandra wasnt just cruelly enjoying to humiliate her,
she was actually sexually aroused by this.

"Do you like my tits? I bet you are a little jealous of my tits.  Poor thing.
But if you are a good girl, I maybe let you kiss them sometime. You would like
that, wouldnt you?"

Angie just laid there, trying to stop her sobbs.

Sandra frew impatient and leaned slowly a little forward, applying gradualy more
pressure on Angies wrists. She watched Angies face contort, holding back a
scream. Sandra liked that, this futile efforts to keep a little pride were a
sign that she would have some more fun in breaking her in.

Angies face was a mask of pain, but she still grit her teeth, though her tears
were flowing freely from her tightly pressed lids.

"I asked if you would like to kiss my tits." Sandra said in a more stern voice
and leaned a bit more forward.

This brought finally a agonized scream from Angie: "YEEAS, I WANT TO KISS YOUR
TITS, YES PLEASE STOP PLEASE"

Satisfied, Sandra leaned back and seated herself on Angies upper chest and neck
again.

"I knew you would!" She said smiling.

Angie stared up at her fearfully, her tear-filled eyes switching quickly between
Sandras breasts and eyes.

"So tell me why you just cant get your mind from my tits." Sandra said with a
faked coy smile. "And tell me now" she added, putting a little more weight on
Angies wrists.

"Wh-what do you want me to say!" Angie spat through her gritted teeth. Despite
her pride she knew she would have to give in sooner or later. The pain in her
wrists was just too horrible to deny that bitch something. Just words, she
thought.

"Just tell me why you want to kiss my beautiful tits. Tell me why you love them
so much and why they are better than yours."

Angie just stared up at her. She couldnt bring herself to the ultimate
humiliation of thinking up some admiring comments by herself and telling it the
worst bitch she ever had encountered. As Sandra leaned a little forward again
she quickly made up her mind. She clenched her eyes shut and said "B-Because
your tits are beautiful.."

She stopped as Sandra gave her two open-handed slaps on both of her cheeks with
all her might. Angie nearly saw stars as she looked up at Sandra with a shocked
expression.

Sandra shook her head in mocking regret.

"I have to tell you everything, do I? First: You will never call my breasts
>tits<. I may call them that, but for you its bosom or breasts. You may even
call them Angels Mounds, but never, NEVER call it tits." She gave Angie another
hard slap. "You got that?"

"YES" Angie cried, feeling the impact of the second blow on her sensitive
cheeks.

"Second: If you tell me how beautiful I am, you look in my eyes and on my TITS
and you smile!" Sandra said, hitting Angies other cheek. "GOT THAT?"

"Y-Y-YEEES" angie replied, finally crying and sobbing openly.

Sandra gave her a few minutes; meanwhile she stepped up and removed her shorts,
revealing her thin white panties and straddled Angie again. In her miserable
state Angie hadnt even noticed that she got up.

"Yes?" Sandra said as Angies sobbing subsided.

"Your breasts are so beautiful. So soft. So big. So beatiful..."

"You better start something more original, my little filly, or should I hurt you
some more? Do you like it so much? And put a little more emphasis on why my tits
are superior to those udders of you. And make it CONVINCING!"

Angie fearfully started thinking up something to say that would satisfy Sandra.

After a few feeble attempts and more painful encouragement from Sandra Angie
forgot her pride and the words flowed freely as she tried to please Sandra as
best as she could.




Black roommate

Chapter 2

As Angie babbled beneath her, Sandra slid her cute butt back on Angies belly and
rolled her T-shirt up, exposing Angies plain black bra. Angies words slowed down
as she looked pleadingly up at her, but she quickly resumed her verbal
worshipping as Sandra gave her a menacing stare. She unhooked the front and
slowly slid the cups to the side, finally denuding Angies udders. They were
rather firm for their more than respectable size, though they still obeyed
gravity and parted , now unsupported, on her chest.

Sandra examined the wrinkly nipples, dark even in comparison to Angies ebony
globes. They were pointing slightly up- and outwards as they were drawn to an
oval shape by the weight of the soft flesh that hung over the edge of Angies
ribs.

Without warning, Sandra lay her hands flat on the side of Angies tits and
slapped them together on her chest, forming a mellon-sized cone that protruded
from Angies chest, nipples close together and pointing upwards. Angie gave a
little yelp mid-sentence.

"So what you just said these are good for?"

"Th..they are good for making a soft comfortable seat for you, or to warm your
delicate feet" Angie replied quickly. She had split her stream of thoughts, one
trying to make up more and more original material for Sandras ears, the other,
even more imaginative, making plans what she would do to this perverse bitch if
she got her chance.

"Good girl" Sandra said smiling and gave Angies right breast a pat. "I think you
now deserve something you are obviously longing for."

Sandra grabbed Angies wrists and leaned forward, drawing her Arms straight over
her head. Her large creamy-white breasts dangled now an inch in front Angies
face. She closed her eyes and tried to turn her head away to escape this
intimidating closeness, but her own out-stretched arms prevented this.

As Sandras fingers digged in her wrists she quickly brought her face back and
opened her eyes again to the large and somehow demanding looking breasts with
these extraordinary large pink aureoles and the thick protruding nipples.

"Which one do you want to kiss first my little filly?" Sandra said in a generous
voice.

"The...the right...?" Angie replied anxiously.

"Is there something wrong with the other? Huh?" asked Sandra in a more menacing
tone.

"NO, i mean no, i just couldnt make up my mind in my silly head and just said
something."

"Well, OK, then you may now kiss my breast. You must be awfully proud, arent
you?"

Gulping, Angie brought her head up to kiss some of the flesh surrounding the
aureoles. It wouldnt be so bad if she just kissed her there, Angie thought. Just
like kissing another girl on the cheek. Something not really sexual. No, not at
all. But in the back of her mind she knew she wouldnt get away with it.

As she brought her head up, eyes closed, she felt Sandra shift. She opened her
eyes and saw that Sandra had brought her breast just a little out of reach of
her thick pursed lips.

Sandra sighed. "I knew you would somehow spoil it. But since you want it so bad,
i�ll give you another chance. First, you will thank me for my gift before and,
of course, aftwerwards. Second, you will leave your eyes open and look in mine.
Third, and last, you MAY kiss my nipple. You MAY even take my sweet little nub
between your lips as you give me a long, wet, smacking kiss." Sandra had talked
in a kind voice, but accompanied every "MAY" with some pain in Angies wrists to
make sure she got the message.

"So try again!"

"Thank you." Angie mumbled and brought her head up again. She parted her pursed
wet lips slightly, hesitated a moment and took the nipple between her sensuous
dark lips. She felt it stiffen instantly as Sandras aureole hardened and drew
together on her lips.

She looked up at Sandras cruel, smiling face as she kissed her nipple with a
long wet smack that drew the erect nub against her front teeth, knowing that she
just would have to do this again and again if she failed to do exactly as Sandra
had said. There was a sucking sound as Angies unwilling mouth finally parted
from the glistening nipple. She laid back totally humiliated and again crying
softly as she removed a fine thread of saliva that had formed between Sandras
breast and Angies mouth with her tongue. "Thank you" she added, as she saw a
questioning look in Sandies face.

"And now the other one, titsucker" Sandra panted. She was breathing heavy by
now, squirming her panty-covered pussy on Angies nude black belly. Angie felt
the slickness and was disgusted. She tried to think about something else, but
that was entirely impossible with that intimidating closeness of her body.

Sandra was now too hot to wait much longer. She wanted to cum on this girl,
against her will, to show her who was her boss in a definite way she knew any
woman must understand. She found that the best way the first time was to do this
in a kind of male way, laying on top of her and covering her whole body with her
own. The oral training would have to wait a little longer. She wished she had
denuded her completely before, but that wasnt really necessary.

She took hold of Angies index fingers with her right hand and bend them
backwards. With her now free left hand she quickly removed her panties and
planted her dripping scrotch firmly on the lower protion of Angies belly. She
pushed Angies knees up a little with her heels and hooked her feet under her
legs. As she pressed her body on Angie, she cupped the underside of her left
breast and held it in Angies face, her stiff nipple touching Angies tightly
closed mouth.

"Open wide, filly, and look at me". Every of Sandras commands was now
accompanied by a fierce twisting of Angies fingers, and a even fiercer jerk if
she hesitated even the slightest moment. Angie feared she might break her
fingers just by accident in her sexual frenzy, so she complied quickly and
opened her mouth as far as she could until her jaw hurt from the strain.

Sandra savored the sight for a few seconds, staring down at Angies tear streaked
beautiful dark features, her eyes looking up at her with fear, hate, pleading
and defiance, her mouth ridicolously wide stretched, a pink hole waiting to be
filled with the tit of Angies most hated enemy. Sandra cupped her breast again
more firmly and fed it between Angies stretched lips.

"Suck!" she ordered, "And dont dare to take your eyes off mine." Sandra complied
and sucked more of her tormentors flesh in her mouth, "assisted" by Sandras
fingers pushing more of it inside.

Sandra suddenly bumped her body hard on Angies chest, forcing the air out of her
lungs and quickly squeezed Angies nose shut with her fingers and pressed her
chest hard on her face. Frantically struggling to inhale, even more of the tit
was sucked in her oral cavity.

Sandra rested her forehead on the floor and sighed as she enjoyed the struggling
and spasming body beneath her, that beautiful strong belly involuntary massaging
her pussy, the panicky swirling tongue on her hard nipple. As she felt the mouth
close slightly on her breast, she gave Angies fingers a hard twist, Angies mouth
going wide again instantly. "Bite, and i will really hurt you." she said softly
in Angies ear. As the struggling slowly subsided, she looked down and enjoyed
the sight of Angies stretched lips around her cone for a moment longer. That was
what it must look like for men when they feed girls their dicks, she thought.

Before Angie could pass out, she dislodged her tit from Angies now panting mouth
with a pop. She inched back a little and looked down into Angies panting face.
She let her breath deeply for some time. She wanted her to be completely aware
when she rode herself on her to orgasm.

As Angie came around and opened her eyes, Sandra took Angies wrists back in both
her hands and held them at the sides and a little above her head. She laid flat
on top of her with her whole upper body and positioned her crotch on the lower
portion of Angies belly, about the height of her navel.

"Look at me" she told Angie in her terrified face and began to make slow fucking
motions, grinding her pussy on her belly, all the while looking directly into
her eyes, making it impossible for Angie to shut her mind from the abuse.

After a few minutes she increased her tempo slowly, sometimes lifting her crotch
completely off and slamming it down hard again. It was an incredible turn on for
her when Angie emitted short moans and grunts when she did that. Her crying eyes
were full of hate as she was forced to look up at her tormentor.

Sandra kept "fucking" her like that for twenty minutes, the sweat on her
forehead dripping down on Angies face, her belly a slick film of her juice.

She decided to come soon. She started to rub on Angie full speed now, like a
rabbit. She bit in Angies earlobe and turned her head to the side, so that
Angies cheek was resting on the carpet. She stabbed her tongue in her ear and
nibbled on her neck and cheek. Finally she was about to cum. She laid her lips
on panted and moaned loudly as she finally orgasmed, grinding her pussy
forcefully on Angie.

As she slumped down on the firm body beneath her, Angie couldnt hold it much
longer. She had never felt so degraded in her life. A girl she had quickly
learned to despise had just forced herself onto her, had used her body for her
sexual pleasure like she would have used a vibrator. And she had had no chance
to do anything against it. That it had been another girl was even worse. She
started wailing, her sobs shook her whole body. Sandra welcomed them as she lay
slumped down on her victim and enjoyed the afterglow of her orgasm. This one, I
want to keep she thought as she lazily explored Angies ear with her tongue some
more.

After a few minutes, as Sandra lay on top of her in her afterglows, Angie felt
her grip weaken on her wrists. If she just could muster enough strength, she
might be able to surprise that bitch in her weakened state. She was athletic,
too, and this bitch would learn that real soon. With a sudden jerk, she rolled
onto her left side. The surprised Sandra fell on her side in front of her. Just
as she realised that "her filly" would put up a fight once more, Angies right
knee impacted on her solarplexus. Even an athlete like her had numerous weak
spots that cant be trained enough to withstand such a fierce blow. She went limp
like a doll, inwardly cursing herself for her short lack of attention. Angie
took her chance and quickly straddled her neck and pressed Sandras wrists to the
floor above her head, giving her little leverage to throw her off.

Now that she had the upper hand on her tormentor, she went furious. She crossed
Sandras wrists and held them down with one hand, using her upper body weight to
strengthen her hold. With her other hand she started beating her stuck face open
handed repeatedly. Sandra, who had just started to resume a normal breathing,
was still to weak and too astonished to struggle much. Besides, she realised
that this position was rather effective even on a trained person. Her dominance
crumbled rather quickly in that humiliating position, and soon she found herself
begging Angie to stop slapping her swelling red cheeks. Finally Angie stopped
and looked disgusted down at the puffy face between her thighs.

She couldnt believe that this wimp under her was the same person she was forced
to submit to just a few minutes before. She remembered the taste of her feet and
breasts in her mouth and spat in her face. While she just despised the thought
of lesbian sex just a moment before, she wanted to pay this bitch back tenfold.
She made up her mind and inched her ass down to Sandras hips. Before she could
try anything funny, she brought her free fist down on Sandras solarplexus once
again and stood up quickly, never taking her eyes off the panting girl at her
feet. She wouldnt do the mistake to underestimate her opponent. She stomped down
on her belly for good measure, and quickly got rid of her clothing. She allowed
herself a moment to look at her lean but curvaceos body in the mirror before she
resumed her position astride Sandras throat.

She pinned Sandras wrists under her chins and looked down at her stuck face.

"And now" she said with a stern expression, "you fucking dyke will eat me."
Before she could think twice about what she was about to do, she planted her
crotch on Sandras mouth and nose. "And dont even think about biting." she added,
reaching back and pinching and ripping hard on Sandras right nipple.

And Sandra didnt even thought about it as she saw Angies neatly trimmed black
bush and firm lips descend onto her face. And, in the opposite of what Angie
thought, she wasnt a dyke. Just the thought of licking another womans pussy
disgusted her. This fact made it such a turn on for her when SHE rode some poor
girls face.

As Angies pussy was seated firmly on her nose and lipps, she heard her
commanding voice again.

"You will look at me while you eat me. And, by the way, it may take some time to
make me cum, since I dont really enjoy the thought of having some bitch lapping
my pussy. And now get your fucking dyke tongue to work."

Sandra could tell that what Angie said was true, since the only wetness she
could detect between Angies legs was a little sweat from the previous fight. She
made a muffled grunt in Angies crotch as she felt another sharp twist on her
nipple and quickly darted her long tongue inside Angies body. One more twist
reminded her to open her eyes to see Angie smiling grimly down at her. She was
utterly disgusted as she started to move her tongue around in Angies pussy. She
felt getting weaker from the small amount of air she could only breathe through
her nose embedded in Angies pubic hair. She gathered what was left of her
strength tried once more to get her hands free and turn her head, but Angie
pressed her calves just a little bit harder against the side of her head and
waited on her secure perch until Sandras strength vanished and her struggling
subsided. She sobbed from the humiliation that her resistance was completely
ignored by Angie, who just told her to go on lapping.

Angie, on the other hand, was surprised to find herself a little aroused by
Sandras feeble attempts to free herself that she had rode down so easily. She
felt her nipples stiffen as she imagined herself as a goddess on her throne,
making this unwilling blonde bitch beneath her to do such an horrible task, just
by exerting her power.

As she sat there she wondered how far she could, or would, go in humiliating her
former tormentor. She shuddered in revulsion as she imagined what that girl
would have done to her if she hadnt been able to get the upper hand.
Unconsciously, in a feeling of insecurity, she put more weight on Sandras face,
as if she was afraid she could get at her again. Then she relaxed and smiled to
herself. Her "problem" was beneath her womanly black buttocks and was forced to
give her some oral service.

She closed her eyes and gently stroked her clit, caressing her large breasts
with the other hand. In other circumstances she would have imagined some of her
sexual fantasies, but she found that nothing she would imagine could beat
reality at this moment. She knew she would do this again and again. Now she
could somehow understand Sandra (whose tongue-work was little imaginative at the
moment; a quick twist on her sore nipples corrected that in an instant). Other
than the feeling of power because you could reduce someones face to a real good
masturbation tool, it simply felt physically incredible good to have your crotch
filled out with warm moving flesh. The arch from the tip of Sandras nose to her
chin fitted so good that Angie pondered if white girls faces were not actually
meant to be a seat for the superior african women. Oh yes, she would do this
very often in her life.

As her juices started to mingle with Sandras tears and saliva, she wondered if
it would be the same with someone who actually liked it, but quickly she came to
the conclusion that it wouldnt. Well, it would probably feel nice, too, but that
erotic feeling of conquest would be missing entirely.

Angie was now quickly aproaching orgasm. With her eyes still closed, she reached
down and burried her fingers in Sandras hair. She pressed her wide pelvis down,
yanked Sandras head upwards by her hair and started bucking wildly on the face
that was now so wonderfully tightly pressed in her wet folds.

Due to Angies short-trimmed pubic hair, it felt to Sandra as if someone tried to
remove her skin with a wet shoe-brush, but she was wedged so hard between Angies
legs that she mainly worried about her facial bones and her nose, which was
repeatedly knocked on by Angies pubic bone.

With a wild animalistic scream of victory Angie finally came. She looked down
dreamy through her half closed eyes as she enjoyed the afterglows of her orgasm.
Sandras face reddened, since her nose and mouth were completely embedded in
Angies swollen wet flesh. Angie wouldnt repeat Sandras mistake of letting the
victim get the upper hand, so she sat there with a gentle rocking motion until
Sandra was still conscious, but not able to make much trouble for some time.
When she got up she knew she was safe from a counter attack since Sandra seemed
to be busy sucking air in her burning lungs. To lengthen the time she got she
knelt with one knee between Sandras breasts as she calmly draped Sandras limp
arms in a way that her hands lay pointing upwards at the sides of her head, her
fingertips touching her neck. She stood up and put first her right, then her
left foot in the warm waiting hands.

She towered over her for some time, waiting for her to recover so far that she
was at least able to comunicate. As Sandras panting subsided, Angie squatted
down until the anus between her parted cheeks was an inch from Sandras mouth.
She let Sandras heavy breath tickle her sphincter  for some time until she
thought that she had her full attention again.

"Thank me."

Sandra lay stunned for a moment, then let out a desperate wail and fresh tears.
She knew what was coming. She had done it too often to other girls not to know.
And she knew that she had no fight left at the moment and that there was no way
out of performing that most degrading and even more disgusting task.

"Thank you" she cried out and, clasping the slightly sweaty feet in her hands,
brought her head up to cover the wrinkled dark hole with her wet lips. Angie
shivered from excitement. Sandra finished the sloppy kiss after 3 seconds with a
smacking sound and let her head drop back down on the floor. She desperately
hoped Angie would be satisfied by it. Fearful she looked up.

"Oh, you naughty little dyke, a little kiss on my feet would have sufficed."
Angie lied with a smile. Now that she knew how wonderful those soft lips felt in
that sensitive area and wondered how a tongue would feel inside it, she decided
not to neglect her precious asshole any more. But she still had at least a
weekend to go.

"But since you are so hot for it, Ill even sit you to sleep. Good night."

With that, she lowered her ass down again on Sandra, letting her cheeks engulf
her face, and waited  for the again struggling girl to pass out.




Black roommate

chapter 3

"So she is still there?" asked Mae in a stern voice.

"Yes, she s still tied up on her bed." answered Angie. She wanted to sound
proud, but the behaviour of her mother in the last half hour had made her a
little unsure.

When she had told her about the things Sandra had done to her, the tone of her
mother had been soft. Actually, she had just occasionaly mumbled something and
had only asked a few questions, mostly about the details of her ordeal. When she
came to the part where Sandra had "raped" her, her mothers voice seemed to
become unstable, and her breathing heavier. She had asked her if she was
allright, but her mother just urged her to go on. At the part where she had
turned the tables on Sandra, her tone seemed to change. Angie probably just
imagined it, but there seemed to be a slightly disappointed and somehow accusing
tone in her voice.

As she was finished with her story, Mae just said she would come over imediately
and hung up before Angie could reply.

Angie wondered what was up with her mother. She will be here in about 2 hours,
she thought, the I will find out.

She went back to Sandra, straddled the chest of the spread eagled blonde. She
slapped her cheeks until she slowly opened her redened eyes.

"Dinnertime."

							*   
Mae sat at the telephone and starded absentmindly out of the window. Her hand 
still burried below the thick folds of her large belly, she let her thoughts 
wander back 32 years ago.

She remembered when she was fifteen. She had a hard stand since she was the only
black girl in the little town they lived in. Her parents werent much of a
support for her. Her father drank away most of the small income they had, her
mother took various pills to make her life easier.

Her life in school wasnt much easier. Her grades were at best mediocre, and
sometimes she was hard on the edge of failing completely.

She had neither time for friends, since she had to do most of the housework, nor
were there any girls or boys which seemed interested in a friendship with her.

So she was happy enough when one of the older guys asked her for a date. He was
about seventeen, a mediocre looking guy, but it could have been a start into
socialising with the others. When he drove her home from the local bar, where
they had met her father in his usual state, he had asked her for a kiss. She
didnt knew if she wanted to, but she also didnt want to embarass him and spoil
the date, so she leaned over to accept his kiss with a beating heart. To her
surprise, he turned his head away from her.

"Not my mouth, stupid!" he exclaimed and pushed her with his hand on her neck
down on his lap. He held her head on his thighs, facing his slightly pudgy
belly, while he fumbled with his zipper.

"Mark, I dont want to, please..." she said, weakly pushing against him to draw
her head from his grip. He quickly had his half erect penis out, which was (like
she knew now) mediocre at best, like all of him, and pushed the head against her
lips. She tried to talk him out of it, carefully avoiding to open her mouth too
wide to allow him to push it in, but he just kept pushing and masturbating. The
top of his penis was now between her thick lips, the tip pressing against her
teeth, as he suddenly came. He held her head tight while his semen spurted
against her front teeth and oozed from in between her lips, running down the
cheek that was pressed against his thighs. As his grip finally relaxed, she
quickly drew away, opened the passenger door and ran to her house, where she
brushed her teeth and cried herself to sleep.

The next day in school was horror. Marc and his friends were grining at her,
pushing their tongues to the insides of ther cheeks. She occasionally overheard
something like "..nothing like a nigger  mouth" or "slut". The other girls
looked at her with an either disgusted or cold expression.

This went on for a few days before she was finally confronted by some of the
girls of her class. They were in the locker room after their sports education at
the end of school, and it was unusually quiet as they undressed before the
shower.

She, and most other girls, were dressed down to their panties when she was
suddenly jumped by the other girls.

She soon found herself lying outstretched on her back beside the bench in the
middle of the room. Lisa, a girl who was even chubbier than Mae, was sitting on
her elbows above her head, with her pantys pushing against her hair. Her fat
short legs were laying beside Maes body, framing her face with her damp sweaty
thighs and putting most of her weight on her aching elbows. Two other girls sat
fullweight on each of her splayed legs. All she could do was to uselessly wiggle
her hands and feet.

She tried to scream, another girl quickly pulled one of her thick sports-socks
off and stuffed it in her open mouth and another girl standing beside her head
pressed the sole of her bare foot on her mouth to keep it in. Mae had
difficulties to breathe, since the side of Tashas (that was the girls name) foot
nearly covered her wide nostrils. Lisas thighs pressed a bit harder at the sides
of her head, making her completely unable to wiggle away from the possessive
foot on her lower face. Tasha gave her a mean smile from above as she stood
there with her hands on her hips in a victorious pose. As Mae roled her eyeballs
to look down over Tashas arch, she saw Betty, or better: her torso, standing
between her thighs with an angry, but satisfied expression on her face.

"So YOU little BITCH want to FUCK with OUR Boys, do you!" She said,
accompagniing each of her stressed sylables with a small but menacing kick with
her stiffened toes between Maes legs. The chubby girl sitting on her arms let
out a suppressed giggle as she felt Mae getting rigid and letting out a sharp
breath through her partly covered nose with each kick.

Mae looked up at Betty with frightened eyes. She was sure SHE had initiated
this, since she was the pack leader of the girls of her class. She knew that
she, or most of the other girls in school, would not bother to date with Marc,
but she now knew that the white girls regarded the other white boys in school as
their own turf.

Just as Betty was about to continue her little speech, they heard some kind of
argument outside the door, and after a second it opened to reveal Ms Halls,
their sports teacher, and a terrified Tony, who obviously had taken the role of
the watchout in front of the door.  

"What in gods  name is..." - then she took in the situation in the locker room.
Oh god, thanks, Mae thought, her ordeal was over.

All girls were holding their breath as they looked at her, except Mae, who could
make only the tiniest movements and barely audible moans around her disgusting
gag.

After about five seconds of absolute silence while Ms Halls eyes were fixed on
the still in front of her, she averted her eyes and looked through the rest of
the room, as if she hadnt found the reason of the cut-short scream she had heard
before, carefully avoiding to look at the spot where Maes ordeal was taking its
place.

"OK, it seems that everything is allright." She turned to leave, halted, and
turned her head and added: "By the way, since our exercises took a bit longer
than ususal today, you can take your time with showering... and such. Just come
over to the main building and tell me when youre finished."

With that she went away. Mae closed her eyes in despair. She knew that allmost
all her teachers didnt like her, but that Ms Halls would let the other girls...
Tears welled up in her eyes as she saw the girls relieved smiles as they looked
at each other, then down to her. If they had been just up to some quick
punishment, they seemed as if they just had made up their minds to extend Maes
pain and humiliation for some time.

Betty gave Mae a sharp kick to her panty covered crotch to get her attention
again. She looked at her as if the shock she felt when Ms Halls entered had been
her fault. After a moment of consideration, she delivered another vicious kick
in Maes panty covered folds. Mae sobbed.

"So you like to become the local blowjob queen around school, fatty, do you?"
she asked. "Maybe you would like to show us too how it feels to have your nigger
lips wrapped around white flesh. Put the sock out!" She ordered Lisa. Tasha
removed her foot from Maes face, making sure to rub her sole on her face as much
as possible in the process. Lisa smirked and removed the wet sock with pointed
fingers, leaving Maes mouth gaping open while she catched her breath. Meanwhile
Betty had take a seat on the bench beside Mae, and before she could react, had
stuffed her big toe in her mouth while she rested her other toes on her nose.
"Suck." she ordered.

Mae opened her mouth wide to avoid the contact with the toe in her mouth and
looked defiantly up at betty.

Betty just nodded to Lisa, who giggled dumbly and started to twist her dark
large nipples mercyless without any hesitation. Betty wiggled her toe in Maes
moth, scratching her soft gums with her thick toenail, and repeated her order.
Mae screamed though she knew the building was deserted. The agony that the girl
sitting on her arms, who was too dumb to know that she was on the edge of
seriously damaging her nipples with her chubby hands, caused her, finally forced
her to close her thick lips around Bettys toe. Sobbing, she started to suck on
it like a thirsty baby. The pain on her plump large cones slowly vanished after
Betty patted Lisa on her shoulder, motioning her to stop her assault.

"Look up at me!" Betty ordered, and Mae was too terrified to resist. She stared
up at her through her tears, too afraid to interupt the tonguebath she gave
Bettys toe. "I want to hear you slurping on it. Marc said you were a noisy
cocksucker, so prove it." Fresh tears of humiliation welled up as she started to
make loud slurping noises around Bettys toe, sometimes interrupted by her sobs.

"Marc said you have moaned like a whore!" Lisa giggled and pinched Maes nipples
hard. Mostly a target of the girls jokes herself, Lisa obviously enjoyed it
imensely to take part of the humiliation of another girl wth the other. Mae got
the clue and added some moaning, the kind she had heard in her bed when her
drunken father had watched some pornoflicks downstairs at night, to the
humiliating kakophony she was forced to produce. One time she gagged as a piece
of cotton fluff she had unknowingly extraced from under Bettys toenail with her
tongue had reached the back of her throat, and in her position she was forced to
swallow it.

The other girls were quietly staring down at her with a fascinated expression.
It seemed as if they were surprised that they could, and actally had, debased
her classmate so completely. They stared for about five minutes, and ocasionally
one or another girls hand mindlessly wandered down to her own panties, only to
be drawn back away quickly in embarassment when they realised what they were
doing.

At last on girl cleared her throat. "Whats it like?" she asked Betty. "Huh?"
Betty asked startled, her eyes transfixed on Maes. "Oh, what you could expect
from a black slut. Seems as if its their mouths primary function. Want to give
it a try?" "Sure!" she said. "I mean, just to see how a whore does it." She went
to the bench to take Bettys seat. "Just a moment," Betty told her as she
extracted her toe with a slurping sound from Bettys thick lips and held it half
a centimeter above Maes mouth. "Didnt you forget something, cocksucker?" She
asked.

Mae just laid there looking up at betty with a frightened expression. her body
shook lightly from her quiet sobs.

"You know, Marc told us all the details of your little date. I mean especially
after you had..." She put an disgusted tone in her voice "...swallowed his
sperm. So do it." She waited, the underside of her glistening toe still hovering
above her lips.

"I have never AHH!" Mae wailed as her nipples were pinched again by Lisa, for
which she was rewarded with a smile of Betty. Lisa smiled proudly. Mae knew the
girls subcosciously wanted her to remain quiet, so they could regard her more
like a toy than a human being.

"Do it now!" Betty said again, more menacingly. Pleadingly Mae looked up at
Betty, too afraid to ask what it was that they thought she had been doing to
Marc.

"Kiss it and say Thank you!" a girl who obviously couldnt stand the tension of
the situation blurted out.

So that were the fantasies these small-town highschoolboys had, Mae thought
resigned. Knowing that there was nothing she could do she kissed Bettys wet toe
and thanked her. "No problem!" Betty laughed and patted Maes forehead with the
ball of her foot. She got up and let the other girl take her place. Anne was a
tall girl whose flesh still had to grow to soften her bony apearance. She sat
down a little sideways on the bench and held her pointed foot above Maes face so
that her arch was facing towards Lisa.

"Open wide" she commanded. Mae reluctantly opened her mouth a little to allow
the blonde girls toe access to her oral cavity. "Wider!" She opened hewr mouth
as far as she could as she saw Lisas hands returning to her nipples.

Anne lowered her foot down and pulled the corner of her mouth sideways with the
side of her toe, creating a wide entrance to her mouth. She turned her foot a
little to the left and wiggled a little till she found the inside of Maes other
corner of her mouth and had all of her toes in.

"Lets see how *talented* frogmouth really is." exclaimed Anne and pushed
forward. The other girls gasped as they saw the whole front of Annes foot
vanishing to the ball in the wide hipped black girls distended snout. "And now
give me what you gave Betty and Marc and propably half of the town. Oh, dont
forget moaning, sweety. And use your tongue." Betty was no less surprised than
Mae by the dominant voice of the usually awkward blonde. Mae, whose lips were
tightly stretched around Annes food and who could barely avoid gagging, started
sucking again. This time she hadnt to fake the slurping sounds she involuntary
made as her tongue cleaned the dried salty sweat from the rough surface of the
balls of Annes foot.

							*

Mae pulled herself back to the present. She pulled her enormous bubblebutt out
of the armrests of the chair and wrote a note to her husband, telling him that
she was on her way to visit Angie. Angie wasnt even gone for a day, but Paul
would just think Mae was overly possesive.

She packed a few things and squeezed her 220 punds behind the wheel of her car.
Paul had an athletic figure, and she was happy that Angie had inherited his firm
body. As she was on her way, the dullness of the highway let the memories of her
youth creep back in her brain.

							*

Anne had lectured her for good ten minutes about why plump black girls shouldnt
try to compete with white girls. She had ordered Mae to say "Yes, Missus" after
each sentence and then to repeat it. It allways came out as utter garbage, of
course, since Anne still had half of her foot burried in Maes face, which
brought a roar of laughter every time.

When she was finally finished she stood up and pushed her foot even further in.
Mae felt Annes big toe bend and slip down into her gullet, making her unable to
breath. "I hope you now understand, girl." She said. She waited a few seconds
until their struggling victim had nearly passed out and finally removed her foot
with a popping sound as its ball went past Maes stretched lips. She held her
sole in front of Maes panting mouth and waited. Mae knew what was expected of
her and kissed her sole and thanked her.

The END???




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  PK(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





