BDSM Library - My Inheritance




My Inheritance
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A little of everything. No SM or any hard stuff, though. This is a story of a young college graduate who inherits 3,000 sex slaves, $20,000,000 and a treasure hunt.  Two of the slaves are Andy and Mary, very special women indeed.
My Inheritance

E.Z. Riter
(ezriter@pdq.net)

The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in
which it is legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.
Reposting or any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written
permission of the copyright holder, except may by posted as part of a  review or posted to
free-access, non-commercial archive sights.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

Please give me your comments.

This is a the repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance.




SPOTLIGHT - MY INHERITANCE

The story of a young college graduate who inherits 3,000 sex slaves,
$20,000,000 and a treasure hunt.  Two of the slaves are Andy and Mary, very
special women indeed.

It contains sex, fun, sex, violence, sex, more fun and some serious stuff.
It also has a plot and character development.  Containing 52 chapters and
approximately 750K in size, it is long.  Based on the over 1,000 e-mails
from over 300 readers, it is worth it.  It has straight sex, group sex, BD
(but not SM), Ds, incest and just about every other story code around.  But,
I consider it a romance if not a typical M,F at least a M, 3,000F.

Try it.  You will like it.  And, let me hear from you.

E.Z. Riter





MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 1

Uncle Bert

My name is David Bertram Wilson. Barely twenty-one, I had just graduated summa
cum laude in chemistry and physics from Rice University in Houston.   All my
family are scientists: orderly, logical, boring types.  My father is a nuclear
physicist, my mother a biochemist.  All my aunts and uncles are scientists, too.
My grandfather had seven boys. He named them Andrew, Bertram, Charles, Donald,
Edward, Frank and George. I told you we are very orderly people.

We are a very close family but the person I always felt closest to was my Uncle
Bert. Uncle Bert was different, the odd one, so to speak. While all the others
had significant positions in research with major corporations or key
professorships at major universities, Uncle Bert was a maverick.  He had sold
some patents early in his life and invested the money.  He had homes in Vail and
Aspen but he usually lived in an old ranch house in the Rockies above Glenwood
Springs.  He was always experimenting on something or another.  Every Christmas
I could remember, Uncle Bert spent with us, or, us with him in the mountains
skiing.

Since I was a small boy, my parents sent me to spend the summer with him each
year. I loved Uncle Bert.  Out of all those stiff science types, we were kindred
spirits, cutting up, laughing, joking.  Uncle Bert would want to just lie in the
sun and sleep sometimes, or chase butterflies, or, when I was older, chase
women.  I could never imagine any of the others doing that.  In fact, I felt
more like him, closer to him, than I did my own parents.

I had just finished unloading my car in LA where my parents both teach at UCLA
when we got the news.  Uncle Bert had died. His lawyer called to tell us the
news. I was in shock.  I knew he had suffered a major heart attack eight months
ago, but we all thought he had fully recovered.  The lawyer asked to speak to
me.  Telling me I had been appointed executor and primary beneficiary of Uncle
Bert's estate,  he asked me to come to Denver immediately.  I took the next
plane and met with the lawyer the next morning. He reviewed Uncle Bert's legal
situation, filed the will for me and gave me the keys to Uncle Bert's homes.

The lawyer said, as he gave me an envelope,  "Your Uncle left this for you,
David. I do not know what is inside."

It was terse note which read, "Go to my ranch house.  Call 555-4567 and ask for
Andy. It is very important."

I met with the bank trust department who managed all his money.  I found Uncle
Bert had left enough for me to have about $20 million after taxes and gifts to
others, not including the three houses.  My parents and all his siblings had
been left nice sums and trusts of $1 million each had been established for Mary
Mathews and Andrea Mathews.  I had never heard of them but I knew Uncle Bert
knew a lot of people. I finished with the bank and called the lawyer to tell him
I was going into the mountains to Uncle Bert's . . .  now, my . . .  house.  I
was going to rent a car but the lawyer said Uncle Bert's new Bronco was waiting
for me.  I pointed the Bronco up Interstate 70 and headed into the mountains.

Memories of Uncle Bert flooded through me as the miles ticked away.  He was
always there, giving me presents, advise: giving me love and guidance.  He had
never married and it seemed I was his total focus when I was with him. In the
summer, we would go fishing, hiking, dreaming. We did not always stay in the
Rockies. Uncle Bert took all over America, and to Europe and the Far East as I
was growing up.  Each summer was a wonderful, exciting and, educational
adventure.

When I got to puberty, I understood why Uncle Bert was single.  He would never
be satisfied with one woman.  My mind flashed back to the summer I was fourteen.

"Davy," Uncle Bert said, "some friends of mine are coming for a visit. They will
be here about two weeks."

"Oh, Uncle Bert, I was hoping we could do things together," I said petulantly.

"We will, Davy. We will."  I saw the twinkle in his eye.

"Do you know about the birds and the bees, Davy?"

"Of course. Biology is . . . "

"No, Davy," he interrupted.  "Do you know about women? Pussy? Sex? Fucking?"

I turned a bright red.  My parents were so conservative, "Touched By An Angel"
was too risque for them.

"No," I croaked.

"Are you a virgin?"

No man at any age likes to admit he is a virgin.  But, I was.  "Yes, sir," I
said shame faced.

"Davy, you are only fourteen.  Don't be embarrassed.  Do you masturbate?"

I wanted to sink into the floor but I nodded affirmatively.  He laughed.  I
loved Uncle Bert's laugh. It was strong, happy, masculine.

"Well, Davy. You may not want these two weeks to end."

"What do you mean?"

He smiled and got up to get more coffee, refusing to discuss it further. About
five that afternoon, a Dodge Caravan drove up the long gravel road to the ranch
house. The doors opened and three females got out.

"Davy, this is Susan Stevens and her daughters, Sandy and Sara."  As we unloaded
their car, Uncle Bert said, "Davy, put the girls' things in your bedroom."  I
froze, my mind whirring. I had a hard-on most of the day wondering what Uncle
Bert's cryptic comments this morning meant.  Now, it was a steel rod and I was
afraid the girls would see it. They did.

Sandy firmly grabbed my cock through my jeans.

"You a virgin?" she asked.  That was the second time that day I was embarrassed
to answer that question, but I did.

"So is Sara," Sandy replied.  "Don't worry. Neither of you will be virgins in
the morning."  I thought I would shoot right there.

As the evening progressed, I learned Sandy was sixteen and Sara was fourteen,
like me. Both of them looked like their mother, tall, slim, tiny waists, small,
high breasts. They had long brown hair and huge, soft chocolate eyes over a cute
nose and full lips. We visited, ate and played Monopoly. It was only eight
fifteen when Uncle Bert said, "Well, it is my bedtime."  He stood, took Susan's
hand and headed for his bedroom.  We three teenagers just stared at each other.

Sandy laughed.  "Come on, virgins. We need to go to bed, too," she said, heading
for our bedroom. I looked at Sara, expecting to see her blush.  Her face was
raw, wanton lust. My cock quivered as it quickly hardened. I had never undressed
in front of a girl before, and, the only girl I had seen naked was my cousin
Debbie, one of Uncle Donald's daughters. I started to unbutton my shirt.

"Davy," Sara whispered, desire dripping from her voice. "May I undress you?"

"If I can undress you," I replied.

"OK," she giggled.  As Sara's small, dainty fingers fumbled with my buttons, I
became instantly aware of the heat rising from her and of the smell.  It was
something I had never smelled before.  It was something I immediately knew I
would love forever.

It was the smell of pussy.

I should tell you how I feel about pussy.  Some guys say a real man would never
eat pussy. I say a man who does not eat pussy: (a) is a macho asshole too stupid
to know what he is missing, and, (b) does not truly love women.  How can a man
say he loves women and not want to bury himself in her essence: to smell it,
touch it, lick it, taste it, feel its heat, its slimy, sweet stickiness.  Saying
you like women but don't eat pussy is like saying your love roses but do not
want to touch or smell one.  When I eat pussy, I sometimes stick my prominent
nose in there, rubbing the bridge against her clit as I smell and taste her. 
And, I have never had a woman push my mouth away from her, unless she is so
exhausted from orgasming she needs to rest.

But, I did not know all this at that moment when Sara Stevens began unbuckling
my belt. All I knew was I was going to get laid for the first time and that
thought and her smells were driving me mad.

I saw movement out of the corner of my eye.  Sandy had stripped naked. She lay
back on the beg, spread her legs, and was slowly fingering herself.  I felt Sara
slip to her knees in front of me as she pulled my boxers down. Sara was staring
right at my cock, her big eyes unblinking.  As I felt the precum ooze from me, I
wondered how much longer I would be a virgin.

Sandy knelt beside her sister.

"Young men go off real quickly unless they have had an orgasm or two.  Do you
want him to cum in your mouth, sis?"

"Yes, but not right now," Sara replied.

"Watch me then. Watch how my mouth works him. Hold his balls. You can tell when
he is going to cum that way."  I felt Sara cup my balls in her hand and heard
her rapid breathing. Sandy's tongue flicked out to lick my pre cum away. Then,
my cock disappeared in her mouth.  I felt her apply a vacuum as her tongue
whipped back and forth on the underside of my prick.

Sara squealed as I starting shooting in Sandy's mouth. I put a hand on each of
their heads for balance as Sandy slurped away. My very first blow job was very
enjoyable indeed. Sandy grabbed her sister by the back of the neck, kissing her
hard, her tongue down Sara's throat. Sara struggled a little at first, then
relaxed, letting her sister rape her mouth. I realized Sandy had not swallowed
me but was transferring my cum to Sara.

They both had white gooey spunk on their lips when Sandy broke the kiss.

"Like it?" Sandy asked. She was the sixteen-year-old sex pro teaching us "kids"
the ropes.

"Yeah," Sara replied, her voice full of amazement.

"You will learn to love it, sis.  A real woman is always a first class cock
sucker and loves to swallow cum.  I cannot get enough."

"Can I try?" Sara asked.

"Ask him."  Sara looked at me with huge, hot bubbling eyes.  "Can I suck your
cock, Davy?"

I nodded happily but I thought, "what a stupid question."

Sara wrapped her lips around me. I was swelling rapidly.

"It is so big," Sara said.

"Yes. Don't expect all men to be that big. And, Davy is not finished growing."

That one comment did enough for my ego for a lifetime. As Sandy quietly gave her
instructions, sweet, fourteen year old, Sara Stevens was learning to suck cock.
I was the beneficiary of her education.  Sandy even instructed her on how to
deep throat although Sara did not get the hang of it yet.  I felt a load coming.
So did Sara. She started sucking harder but when I went off in her mouth, she
gagged and pulled back. I shot spunk on her face as Sara tried to swallow what
she could. Sandy licked her sister clean.

After Sara and I floated down from her afterglows, I helped the girls to their
feet.

"My turn," I said as I reached for the buttons on Sara's blouse.

"No, no," Sandy said.  "Very slowly. Take your time."

"No. Do it real quick, Davy. I want you in me," Sara snapped.  She was naked in
a flash. Sara and I climbed on the bed.

"Now, slowly, Davy," Sandy instructed.

"Shut, up, Sandy," Sara and I said simultaneously.  I felt Sara's hand on my
cock as she guided me into her.

Since I had cum, I could last longer; probably a lot longer, although I was too
inexperienced to know that.  All I knew was my cock was in a cunt for the first
time in my life.  Sara was tight, so very tight, like my own fist.  She squirmed
as I pushed.  I felt something resist my entrance.

"It is her hymen, David," Sandy said.

"Sis, this will hurt but he has to break it."

"Just do it. I want to be fucked," Sara groaned.

"Push hard and fast," Sandy ordered.  I did.  Sara screamed.  I pulled out and
saw the blood.

"It's OK. Now, go back in her and fuck her."  I hesitated.

"You heard her! Fuck me!" Sara barked. I did.  Sara wrapped her legs around me
and held on for dear life.  Her smallish tits were hot diamonds burning a hole
in my chest as I pounded away.  "Oh, Davy, hurry," she whimpered urging me to
fuck her harder, not that I needed any encouragement.

Then, it happened. I knew at once what it was, and, I knew I would be addicted
to it the rest of my life. I felt her legs tightened, heard her breathing
quicken. She tilted her hips upward and held my ass to her, maximizing my
penetration.  Her back arched as she whimpered quietly. I had experienced a
woman's orgasm on my cock.  There is nothing like it.

That is how I lost my virginity, many thanks to Uncle Bert.  We did not stop
there.  For two weeks, sex education class was in session. I also deflowered
Sara's cute, tight ass. And, I screwed Sandy and their mother, Susan, as well. 
I learned Sandy lost her virginity to Uncle Bert about eight months before. 
They taught me everything from both a woman's and a man's perspective.

Those two weeks were my first time to fuck a pussy, an ass, a mouth, two women,
three women, first threesome, foursome and fivesome.  All in all, it was best
two weeks any fourteen-year-old guy ever had.

Uncle Bert was right.  It was the shortest two weeks of my life and I hated to
see them go.

Waking from my reverie, I was hungry and the Bronco needed gas.  I stopped at
Loveland and filled us both up.

To be continued. . . .

Please! Give me comments.





MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 2

I Meet Andy


Back on the road, my thoughts again turned to Uncle Bert and all he and I
shared. The Stevens women were not the only ones we bonked together, for bonking
seemed to be Uncle Bert's favorite past time and it quickly became mine.  In
fact, I hated going home at the end of each summer.  It was like going into a
monastery after being with Uncle Bert.

He and I shared other things, too: trips to Europe; a cruise down the Amazon;
Bangkok, which I still believe is the most honestly named city in the world;
and, many more adventures.  Uncle Bert was always teaching me, demanding of me,
guiding me, helping me grow in every way.  He always did it with love.

Sometime during the drive, I remembered meeting Mary Mathews.  She had been one
of Uncle Bert's women, a special woman really.  I could not remember meeting
Andrea.  I got off I-70 in Vail and found Uncle Bert's house.  The place looked
like no one had been there in a while.  I locked it up, got a cone at
Baskins-Robbins in the Crossroads and hit the road again. At Glenwood Springs, I
turned north and drove to his ranch house, one of three he left me.

The house was cold and lonely, a vast empty space that seemed foreign and
unwelcoming.  I had spent fifteen very wonderful and enriching summers there. 
To be there without him did not seem possible. Since it was cool, even in early
June, I built a fire. It was going to be heavy emotional stress going through
all his stuff, giving away his clothes, and all the things you do after a loved
one dies.  I was not looking forward to it.

I puttered some before I remembered his instructions in the note the lawyer gave
me. When I called the number, a woman answered.

"This is David Wilson. May I speak to Andy, please?"

"Where are you?" she replied.

"At my Uncle's house."

"Stay there. Do not leave."

She hung up.  Strange. It was so curt and impolite.  I wondered who the hell
Andy was.

I got a beer from the frig and started to rummage through the big desk, looking
for things that may be important.

I never heard the door open.

"I have a gun. Do not move."  I froze. It was a woman's voice.

"Look . . . " I said.

"Shut up!  You should know I am a crack shot. I have a Colt .38 Police Special. 
I could take off your left nut without making the right one quiver."

I grabbed my balls and whimpered involuntarily, thinking of one of my beloved
little jewels being blown away.  I decided to be very obedient until I figured
out what was going on.

"I have money if you want it."  There was no answer.  "What do you want?" Still,
no answer. I started to turn.  I heard the gun being cocked. The hammer being
opened and locked in a revolver is a very distinctive sound that is never
forgotten. I froze again.  I felt something being placed on my shoulder.

"That is a blindfold. Put it on securely, so you can see nothing."  I complied
with this unknown assailant.

She said, "I will ask questions.  You will answer them quickly and honestly.
Understand?"

"Yes."

"Who are you?"

"David Wilson . . .   David Bertram Wilson."

She began asking a series of personal questions: age, birth place, social
security number, relatives, and so on.

"Give me the full name, date of birth and social security number of Bert." It
was a strange question. I thought back two summers when Uncle Bert made me
memorize that information. Then, she asked questions that dealt with Bert and me
as if she had been prompted by him to seek information only I would know.

Sometime during this interrogation, I realized her voice was no longer the
harsh, demanding sound I heard when she first came in.  It was a soft, sexy,
teasing woman's voice.

"Walk to the wall," the voice ordered.  Of course, I did.

"Now, strip."

"What!"

"Do it!" she yelled. I did it.

"Now, the boxers!"  Down they went.

"Lean against the wall and spread them!"

I heard her walk up behind me. I felt the cold gun barrel in my back. Then, I
felt soft female fingers and the scraping of her nails on the cheek of my bare
ass. That made my cock twitch in spite of the situation.  She was obviously
looking at my tattoo.  That was something else Uncle Bert and I did together.

We had been in Denver, getting supplies and taking in a couple of Rockies games.
We got plastered one night, went to his favorite whore house and then, got our
asses tattooed. His was a skull and cross bones; mine was a rose.

"Cute butt," she said as she stood up. I heard her step back a few feet.

"OK. I believe you are David. Follow the rest of my instructions and I will
release you unharmed.  Walk back to the desk, lay down on the floor face up."

I did.  I felt something cold and hard hitting my stomach.

"Those are handcuffs. Put them on your wrists attaching yourself to the table
leg."

Now, this was crazy . . .  but, I was beginning to believe it was crazy good,
not crazy bad. I felt around and found the leg. I attached myself, table leg
between my arms.  I felt her hand on my ankle, then, the locking of a cuff
around it. Quickly, my legs were cuffed together. My prick was that half hard
state it gets when your mind is not sure what is going on.  It was totally
quiet.

Then, I felt her mouth on the end of my cock. She was sucking the cock head, her
tongue flicking like a snake's against the eye. Suddenly, she swallowed me . . .
deep throated . . .  in to the balls.  I felt her throat muscles massage the
head of my cock and her tongue active on the shaft. As quickly, she was gone,
leaving my cock suddenly cold from the air.

"No," I whimpered.  Her tongue was in my mouth, a long, hard demanding kiss, her
lips soft, her breath hot. When she broke it, I gasped, "What are you doing?"
She giggled, a soft, sexy sound like bells ringing . . .  not church bells . . . 
brothel bells, if you know what I mean.

"I am going to fuck you until you cannot walk.  I am going to take my time,
enjoying every minute, every touch, every sigh, every twitch of your cock as I
bury it somewhere in my body.  I am in no hurry. And, you obviously are going
nowhere."

"Who are you?"

"I am the woman of your dreams, the woman who loves you without hesitation or
restriction, the women who will do anything for you, will bear your children and
devote her life to making you the happiest man in the world."

"What is your name?"

"No more questions now," she cooed as her fingers scraped my balls.

I heard a zipper and sounds of clothes being removed.

"You have a magnificent cock," she said.

"Thank you," I replied.

"Oh, no. Thank you!" she murmured as she lay down on top of me, trapping my cock
between her thighs.  I felt large, soft breasts against my chest, the nipples
hot and hard, like little diamonds against me. She snuggled, her head in the
crook of my neck, her breath soft against my skin.

"Would you like to touch me, to feel my breasts, squeeze them, make me whimper
in my desire?"

"Yes," I croaked.

"Would you like to fuck me, burying that huge cock in my pussy, filling me with
your cum?"

Migod, her voice was sexy and hot.  "Yes," I moaned envisioning doing just that.

"Later," she giggled as she tongued my ear. It was not really a year. It just
seemed that long as she touched me, caressed me, squirmed her delicious body
against mine, letting me feel her softness, her heat. She began kissing me, her
tongue and lips teasing me. Finally, she took me in her mouth again.  I was so
hard I was in agony. I felt my orgasm starting. She felt it, too, pulled her
mouth away and squeezed my balls to stop it.

"Please, don't torture me," I moaned.

She lay beside me, my cock in her hand as she suckled my nipple. She was quick,
slamming her cunt into my face.  She was running like a faucet. She mashed her
pussy into me, covering my face with her juice, then she was gone.

"What happened? Where are you?" I gasped.  There was no noise, no movement.

"Where are you?" I called loudly, thinking she might have left me.

She sucked my big toe into her mouth. I felt her nails on my souls, tickling
lightly. I tried to pull away but she increased the pressure. I yanked my leg.

"Ouch!" I cried as she slapped my thigh hard.

"Be still!" she demanded, "Or, I will walk away and leave you here."

"Don't do that!"

"You would not like that, would you?  To be left, bound and hard, not being
allowed to cum. Not knowing what I look like.  Not being able to put your hands
on me. Who am I, David Bertram Wilson? Who is this woman who has bound you? Is
teasing you?"

Silence again with only the pounding of my heart audible to me.  My cock was
twitching. My balls ached.  My mind was reeling with desire, with fantasies as
my cock stayed rock hard. I felt her mouth on the head again.  She licked down
my cock to my balls which she took in her mouth.  She began to hum. The
vibrations were more than I could stand.

"Look, bitch! I want to cum and I want to cum now!"

You might think this was a strange way for a bound man to talk to his gun
totting captor but my nuts ached really badly.

"Why didn't you say so?" she whispered.  I felt her legs cross mine.  She buried
my cock in her cunt. Her hips did not move. She leaned forward, brushing her
breasts against my lips as her internal pussy muscles massaged my cock as if it
were a fist.  I began to quiver.

"Give me your cum, Davy. Fill me with your spunk. God, I love your cock in me.
Now! Come on! Do it, you sonofabitch! Fuck me!"

I screamed as my pump went off blowing my load deep in her. She milked me as I
had the strongest orgasm of my life. I felt her collapse on me, breathing hot
and heavy as I was.  Our skin was sweaty, the odors that strong wonderful smell
of sex.

"Feel better?" she asked.

"Yes."

"Good. I want you to feel good, baby." She moved up, her pussy over my stomach.
I felt our juices fall, hot and sticky, from her burning pussy to my skin. She
moved again to begin licking the juices up.

"I love eating your cum," she said as she lapped away.  After cleaning me with
her tongue, she asked, "Want me to release you or may I continue?"

"I want to continue but I would like to see you, to hold you."

"I would like that, too."  She unlocked the handcuffs. I sat up and removed the
blindfold.

I could not believe what I saw.   She looked like Kim Bassinger with the full
lips and long blonde hair. She had an erotic smile and a devilish twinkle in her
blue eyes. From the neck down she looked like Jenny McCarthy wished she looked.
She stared at my rising prick.

"Well, I think you like what you see. Let me stand where you can get a better
look."

Without shame or hesitation, she turned and posed, not covering herself,
enjoying my open admiration of her assets.

"35D - 23 - 36, 5'5", 117 pounds, 18 years old.  Any other questions?"

"Yes. What is your name?"

"Oh, I am sorry.  I am Andy . . .  Andrea Mathews, at your service . . . but,
then you knew that."

"Walk around. I want to enjoy you."

How can I describe perfection: huge, blue eyes, with a soft but devilish
twinkle; long blonde hair, lush and full; huge, high, firm, round breasts with
large nipples in a rose hue; a tiny waist; a jutting, aggressive, very strokable
ass like Goldie Hawn; and legs . . . god, her legs were unbelievable. Even more
than the physical was the mental part: she seemed very, very happy to make me
happy.

"We have two important things to accomplish tonight, David," she said. "I really
haven't made love to you yet. I want to do that, and, I have a message to you
from Uncle Bert. Which do you want first?"

This part you will not believe, but, remember, I just had the orgasm of my life.

I said, "Maybe I better hear the message first."

"Don't you like me?" she said, acting hurt.

"I think you are great but . . . "

She kissed me again.  She jammed her whole body against mine and shoved her
tongue down my throat. My cock spoke for me, rising to the occasion. She trapped
it between her thighs. I changed my mind, allowing her to lead me to the master
bedroom.

"Why are you doing this?"

"I told you . . .  I love you, Davy."

"Why do you love me?"

"You will find out later. Come join me, please, Davy," she said as she lay back
on the bed.

Andy was strong, muscular, probably from skiing all winter and hiking all
summer. She had the most unbelievable ass which jutted out, demanding to be
caressed. Her breasts were high, firm, ripe, the nipples pink, but turning to a
dusty rose when desire made them blood engorged. Her breasts were sensitive to
my mouth and she whimpered when I sucked them.  As I told you, I love pussy. I
mean really love it. I like to fuck it, eat it, look at it, play with it, stick
my tongue in it to enjoy the taste, and, stick my nose in it and enjoy the
smells. I like to go to sleep with the odor of pussy under my nose.

I am an expert on pussy. I state unequivocally this was the best pussy I had
ever encountered.

She lay back, spreading her long blonde hair around her like golden straw. I
started kissing, suckling. She was active, positive, happy, giving as good as
she got.

Finally, she said, "Please, Davy. I can't stand it anymore. Put that monster in
my hot pussy. Slam my slit with your rod, stud. Fuck me so good. Oh, yes, baby,
oh yes, fuck me . . .  huh, huh, oh, Jesus that feels so good. Now! HarDER! 
HARDER! SHIT DAVY! DON'T EVER STOP . . .  GOD... DON'T STOP!  PLEASE... MORE...
YES! YES! FILL MY PUSSY WITH YOUR HOT CUM YOU FUCKING SONOFABITCH!!  FUCK
MEEE!!!... YESSSSS! I'M CUMMMMMMINGGGG"

She started to shriek like an owl caught in a net.  I felt her legs lock down,
wrapped around me, holding me in a vise, her arms crushing me.  Her pussy was
like a fist wrapped around my cock, pumping the cum out of me and into her. She
was covered in sweat, gasping, her back arching up and down. She giggled and
started relaxing, floating in her afterglow.  I lay on her, getting my breath
back. I felt her shiver.

"Wow," she whispered.

My thoughts exactly.

She held my head between her beautiful delicate hands, looking into my face.

"Want to do it again?" she asked sexily.

"I don't know if I can right now," I replied, knowing it took a few minutes to
recover.

"Watch," she said. She rolled me over and moved so her pussy was over my
stomach. I felt her thighs contract and relax as she squeezed my cum onto my
stomach.

"Remember? I love swallowing your cum," she said, lowering her mouth to tongue
our juices noisily, slurping them down. Then, she slid down and took my cock in
her mouth. I was hard faster that I could believe. She said, "My turn on top" as
she eased me into her hot wetness. She moved slowly, massaging my hardness with
using the internal muscles of her pussy. Her face was passion as she watched me.
I played with those luscious breasts, her delightful ass, letting her do all the
work of our fucking. Suddenly, her eyes glazed. She growled from deep down in
her throat like a tigress. I felt her movement accelerate.

She started talking again, then screaming for me to fuck her, loud, demanding
pleadings of her need. Everyone within a mile knew when she came.  I fell asleep
under a down comforter with one girl power for warmth. I slept like a baby.

To be continued

Please! Give me your comments.






MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 3

The Message from the Grave

When I awakened, the sun was up and she was gone. So was Uncle Bert's Bronco. I
panicked momentarily, fearing she had stolen it,  but, I found a fresh pot of
coffee and a note in the kitchen. "Sweetheart. Went for groceries. I love you.
Andy."  In a few minutes she was back with an armload of food. She made bacon,
eggs and toast. We visited like old friends. I cannot tell you how happy I was
to find a warm, sensitive, intelligent, wonderful woman with a delightful sense
of humor under the Barbie doll facade.  No man really wants a Porsche without an
engine.

She led me into the big den, pushed me back into an easy chair and knelt between
my legs.

"I think a woman should always be kneeling between her man's legs. What do you
think?"

She was teasing me, her face sunshine. I watched the rise and fall of her
breasts against the tight top she wore.

"Now, do not touch me.  Do not interrupt. OK?"

"Sure," I replied.

She took a deep breath and let it out slowly, her face down turned. When she
looked back at me, her eyes were dead, as if she was in a trance.

What happened next I will repeat verbatim. I could not believe it.

"Hello David, it in Uncle Bert. Consider Andy to be a human tape recorder. Do
not touch her but you can control the flow of information. She will respond to
stop, repeat, forward and continue commands. Now, you are wondering why your
dead uncle would use a sexy young woman to speak to you from his grave.

I have discovered something so unique and powerful I am very afraid it will fall
into evil hands. I am afraid to write it all down. So, I have put together a
matrix of information tied together by clues, some of which only you can
interpret, to arrive at the whole of the information necessary to duplicate my
discovery. Consider this to be a giant puzzle or treasure hunt. I started on
this project after my heart attack and I have completed it.

Davy,  power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely. I have installed
safeguards to keep you from getting the information too quickly. I want it to
take at least a year. And, along the way, I will ask you to study ethics,
morality, religion and other issues which you may consider to be irrelevant. Do
everything I ask, Davy. Please. It is very important. The last thing I want is
to destroy or corrupt you by giving you too much power.

Some of the clues will be obtuse but think of all our time together, of what I
have taught you. It will come to you. If it does not and you cannot duplicate
the discovery, maybe it is divine intervention and for the best.

First, a little surprise of a personal nature.

Davy, I am not your Uncle Bert. I am your father. I convinced your mother to
have sex with me and impregnated her. I did not want to marry but I wanted a
child and I wanted that child to have a good home. I convinced my brother
Charles to marry your mother. They both have no knowledge of this. The reason
you spent so much time with me is that I convinced them to allow it. I say
convinced. I should say programmed. So, son, I am very happy for you to finally
know, even under these circumstances.  Your mother is damn good - a wild woman -
in bed, by the way, in spite of her outward frozen facade."

"Stop," I said.  Andy stopped. Her head lowered. I got up and walked around. I
got another cup of coffee,  went out in the sun and thought. In twenty minutes
when I went back, Andy had not moved. "Continue," I commanded. Her head rose and
she began to speak.

"My discovery is mind control, the ability to unequivocally control how a person
thinks, including the elimination of their own free will and total servitude to
your will or any will you choose to substitute. Your parents were my earliest
subjects and I have refined it greatly since then. How I do it, or, since I am
dead, how I did it, is your treasure hunt. Obviously, such a power could destroy
civilization as we know it.  While I do think society could use a few changes, I
believe the system we have is the best man can do.  I do not want me, or, now
you, to be the cause of its destruction.

But, enough of that now.

You are very wealthy. By now, you have seen the assets you will receive which
should give you an after tax income of about $80,000 a month, not including
capital appreciation. The bank is doing a good job managing the money. I suggest
you ignore the financial aspects of your inheritance, using the income for your
needs, and concentrate on the hunt.

Andy is your slave. She will do anything, any time, any where you ask. She is a
wonderful and delightful young woman.  You will be only the second man in her
life. I guess I should have left her a virgin for you but she was so delicious,
I could not help myself.  So, sue me.  You should understand that she really,
deeply and truly loves you, with certain modifications not found in ordinary,
unprogrammed women.

For example, she will have no jealousy, welcoming your other lovers as if they
were her sisters.   She will have sex with anyone else if you tell her to do it.
But, she will never be unfaithful.  She will have no shame or embarrassment
about sex.  I have programmed safeguards into her so she will not kill or
otherwise harm herself which she could well do if you gave her a command with
that result.

By now, you know she is a wonderful lover. I hope you enjoyed being bound and
taken by a woman you had never seen.  It was a little fantasy of mine I wanted
to share so I programmed it in her.  You have also noted that she is a screamer.
That is totally natural; I did not do it. If you wish her not to scream during
sex, I have programmed in some alternatives. If you say, "Quiet little dove,"
she will coo and cluck like a bird.  If you say, "Quite little kitten," she will
mew and purr.  "Quite little lady" will cause her to talk in loving, lady like
tones. All these commands must be given after you have your cock in her.  This
command has to be reprogrammed each time you fuck her.

Davy, you must be very careful of her. Her programming from me and the natural
love a woman has for a man, which I have directed at you, makes her vulnerable.
You must protect her as if she were a treasure of priceless value, because she
is. In addition, her mother, Mary, who is another delightful creature of God,
also has been programmed.  So, you have two sex slaves to do your bidding.  I
charge you to care for them their entire lives, or yours.  Take good care of
them.  They both mean the world to me.

In addition to Mary and Andy, approximately three thousand women have been
programmed by me for you, or whoever else you wish.  The commands follow: You
say to the woman, 'Do you prefer sirloin or tube steak?' If she replies, 'It
depends on the chef', you know she is one that has been programmed.  Any other
response and you are on your own.  Then, you say, 'What does your pussy prefer?' 
She will say, 'It prefers following your commands.'  The next thing you say, she
will do.

For example, if you say 'suck my cock', your dick will be in her mouth before
you know it. Obviously, this can cause problems. Some of these women are
married; others have boyfriends. Of course, the law is a problem if she in
blowing you in public. The safest command may be: 'follow my lead'.  Then, you
can get her off somewhere.  A list of these women with addresses and phone
numbers, measurements and other vital information will be found during your
treasure hunt.

Included in this programmed group are your sisters (half sisters, really, since
I am not their father), your mother, all your female cousins, and every other
female in the extended family.  As I said your mother is great in bed as are
your sisters, all of whom I suggest you try. Cathy really should be a
high-priced call girl.  She is a natural born slut and loves sex as much as any
woman I have ever met. The fact she has an IQ of 175 makes her even better. 
Edwina, brother Edwards second daughter, is not a lesbian as everyone thinks. 
Eddy is a bisexual.  Fucking her is like coupling with Zena, Warrior Princess -
part love match, part wrestling match.  You might want to weight train a while
before taking her on.

There exists a very small portion of the chemical which is my discovery. It
induces a deep hypnotic trance.   Andy has it. She has been programmed to give
it to you, and give you two hypnotic suggestions. Once she gives them, you
cannot change them. The first is the ability to concentrate deeper and clearer,
to increase your intellectual capacity and your memory, both short and long
term.  The second allows you to control your sexual activity, particularly
ejaculation, instituting conscious will over natural control. This will enable
you to stay erect virtually all the time.  I do not have to tell you the
benefits of this suggestion. I ask you to allow her to give you this potion.  If
you want it, say to her, 'Andy, please help me learn Yiddish.'  If you do not,
say 'I hate Yiddish. Destroy the dictionary.' She will take it from there.

When you are finished listening, call her name to end her trance.  The next step
in the treasure hunt will come to you.

Go slow, Think clearly. Love God and humanity. Value your own humanity and your
own humility. Be loving and caring. And, my beloved son, most importantly, enjoy
your life to the fullest. I wish all the best for you. I love you."

To be continued. . . .

Please! Give me your comments.





MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 4

Reflections and Mary

After completing the long message from Uncle Bert which he had programmed her to
give me, Andy went into her inactive phase, her head falling to her chest. I
called her name.  She awakened dazed, as if she had been asleep a long time, and
stiff from kneeling. I carried her into the bedroom, letting her sleep while I
thought about what I had heard.

The message had shocked me as nothing in my short life.  First was the fact the
man I had always known as Uncle Bert was really my biological father. That
explained a lot. I now knew why I always felt so close to Uncle Bert. It was his
genes - his kookie genes - in my bones.  It also explained why my mother and
father never complained about what Uncle Bert did with me.

Mom and dad had always been very careful and protective about their children. 
Yet, when I told dad Uncle Bert and I had shacked up with the same three women
for two weeks in my fourteen summer, his only comment was, "Great. Hope you
enjoyed it."

I tried to visualize my mother as Uncle Bert had described her.  In my mind, mom
was neither a mom nor a woman. She was the stereotypical biochemist, even using
a lab coat instead of an apron in the kitchen.  I could not imagine her as a hot
woman, naked and being fucked by Uncle Bert, or even dad, for that matter.

I could see my sister Cathy as a call girl.  She was one of those women who
oozed sex like lava oozing from a volcano - hot, liquid, unavoidable and deadly. 
I bet Cathy could literally fuck a man to death and both of them enjoy it
immensely. And, she was only seventeen.

I certainly could not see the twins, Abby and Betty, being very sexy, although
Uncle Bert said he certainly enjoyed them. And, I did know a few cousins I was
going to try out as soon as I could.

Mind control.  Unbelievable.  Really unfuckingbelievbable!  I almost did not
want to pursue the treasure hunt.  Uncle Bert was right.  That much power in my
hands could destroy me and civilization as we know it.  Why did I need it?  I
had $20 million, Andy and her mother as sex slaves, and access to 3,000 other
woman already preprogrammed to fuck me any time I wanted it, a ranch in Glenwood
Springs, big homes in Aspen and Vail, and my health.

If I ignored Andy and her mother (fat chance of that), it would take me 8.2
years to fuck all the others if I did one a day,  every day.  Uncle Bert did not
die of a heart attack.  He fucked himself to death!

Yet, there is something very appealing about his discovery besides the raw power
it would give me. As a chemist, the idea of a discovery of that magnitude was a
tremendous intellectual curiosity, if nothing more. And, if knowledge of it
became known, Uncle Bert would go down in history with Einstein, Newton,
Seabourg and the other great scientists of all time.  What a thought. A Nobel
prize for sure.

I drifted off to sleep. My dreams were a wild kaleidoscope of colors and images.
Then, I was dreaming of my sister Cathy.  She was a call girl dressed in a
twenty thousand dollar gown, dripping jewels, even though she was only fourteen. 
She was seeing her customers (clients as she called them) in her bedroom at
home, the little room in the back between my bedroom and the twins' bedroom. 
The rich and famous passed through, presidents and movie stars lining up to pay
to fuck my little sister.  There were more action heros sitting in the living
room talking to mom and dad while they waited their turn than attended the
academy awards.

I could hear Cathy squealing and talking, hear the men begging her to do this or
that to them.  Then, she sneaked in my room. "It is really you I want, Davy.
Please... please have sex with me.  I will pay you."  I felt her push me back,
her hot mouth on my cock.

What a dream! It was more life like than life as the hot mouth wrapped around my
cock, sucking and slurping. I could feel my orgasm building and building, then
stopping as the expert fellatrix controlled my desires.

My eyes fluttered and I was awake. Andy was on her knees, happily sucking my
cock.

"You don't mind, do you?" she asked shyly.

I did not mind. I do not know if Uncle Bert, or dad, as I guess I should call
him now, programmed her or it was natural, but Andy could suck cock like nothing
you would believe. And, she was utterly happy and content doing it all day.  I
had my cock sucked many times before and a few of those even let me cum in their
mouth. Andy acted like my cum was nectar from the gods.

After she finished swallowing me down, she curled up against my leg and snuggled
there. When I recovered, I pulled her into my lap. She snuggled so each breath
pushed those marvelous mammaries into me.

She looked at me with those huge blue eyes and said, "I know guys do not want to
make a commitment. I know this is brand new to you. You do not need to love me,
Davy. I just want your permission to love you and be with you."

"You are a wonder, Andy. I am very happy you love me and I want you to be with
me."

She squealed and kissed me like there was no tomorrow. Then, she pulled me into
the bedroom.  If this kept up, I was going to need Uncle Bert's sex control
potion pretty damn quick. Andy was wild as always.

I whispered in her ear, "Quiet, little kitchen."  Soon, she was mewing, purring
like a cat. She was a cat - a 120 pound pussy that ate me.

It was late afternoon when Andy called home.  Her mother told us to come over,
she was cooking fresh caught Rainbow trout and pan potatoes for dinner. The fire
was hot and the wine was cold.

I did not know what to expect with Mary.  Uncle Bert's message told me she was
programmed to be my slave just like Andy was.  I knew Mary was thirty-six, owned
three retail shops which Uncle Bert set up for her, and was single.  I knew she
was Uncle Bert's number one girlfriend. I had never had sex with a woman older
than twenty-four. I guess I was apprehensive about a woman fourteen years older
than I was.  Let me tell you, I learned to appreciate older women.

You know the difference between a Porsche and a Rolls.  That was the difference
between Andy and Mary.  One built for speed, the other for comfort.  Both,
absolutely the best quality, a quality any man would be proud to ride at any
time.  The same blonde hair, same blue eyes, same great body, although Mary's
was softer, more mature and womanly.

 We drank wine and visited. I had never met two more honest, down to earth
wonderful, sexual  women in my life. At bedtime, Andy led me to a big king sized
bed in the master bedroom, pushing me in the middle.

"Isn't this your mother's bed?" I asked.

"Yes. She will be in shortly."  She was, slipping into bed, wrapping her arms
around me.

I hate to brag but I fucked both of them that night. Mary was quieter but every
bit as good. I envied Uncle Bert his time with these two glorious creatures.

In the morning, we ate a huge breakfast, then hiked in the woods. Lunch
followed.

"Nap time," Andy said flirtatiously.

"No, Andy. I want you to give me Uncle Bert's message again."  Her eyes
fluttered.

"Let's go back to your place," she said.  There, in the same chair, we repeated
it exactly the same, motion for motion, word for word.

I still could not believe it.

To be continued. . . .

Please! Give me your comments.





MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 5

Hide 'N Seek and Other Games

After we arrived at Uncle Bert's house,  Andy played back his message perfectly.
I decided to take his advise and have Andy program me with the last remaining
hypnotic drug potion in existence, just as Uncle Bert had suggested I do.

I said, "Andy, please teach me Yiddish."

"What are you talking about?" she said.

"Good," I thought.  I had intentionally misstated the command wording Uncle Bert
gave me. She had no idea what I was talking about.

"Andy, please help me learn Yiddish."  Her eyes blanked. She started out the
door with me following close behind.

Uncle Bert's house was on fifty acres of land with the house Andy and Mary lived
in on an acre carved out of Uncle Bert's and relatively nearby.  Like a
bloodhound on the scent,  Andy went to an old tree I would never have noticed.
She carefully pulled back some bark to reveal a hole. From the hole, she plucked
a vial.  She led me back to my house, pushed me in a chair and went to the
kitchen. She came back in a minute with a soda.

"Drink," she commanded.  I pushed the button on my digital watch to start the
stop watch portion.   "Drink," she said again.  I looked at her blank expression
as I drank. Then, she said, "OK. I am finished."

I pushed my stop watch again.  Five minutes had elapsed.  "No way!" I thought,
but it showed five minutes. Obviously, the recipient of the drug felt no ill
effects or had no knowledge of taking it. Only the passage of time when the
suggestions were implanted would let the person know they had been unconscious.

"Did you do it, Andy?"

"Do what?" she asked. Of course, she had no recollection of the incident at all.
There was only one sure way to test if I had been programmed as Uncle Bert
suggested. Since the programming improved certain mental capabilities and gave
me sexual control, I needed to try one of them out to see if I was programmed.

"Andy?"

"Yes, Davy?"

"Let's go fuck!"

"Fabulous idea!" she exclaimed heading for the bedroom.

I know I have said this before, but, believe me, it is worth saying again. Andy
looked like every man's idea of a sex goddess.  Just looking at her, naked, that
sexy grin on her face, made me quiver like a wet dog.  After I undressed and lay
down, she rolled on top of me.  I would have expected a programmed woman to be
like a robot, emotionless, mechanical.  But, her beautiful, blue eyes were alive
with mischief and desire as she lay on top of me. We kissed for a while. I could
not get over either the magnificence of her body or the positive attitude.

"Sixty-nine." I whispered in her ear. Quick as a flash, her pussy was in my face
and her warm mouth engulfed me.  What a sweet, good smelling and tasting,
devine, wetness engulfed my hungry mouth. And, she labored eagerly at my cock.

"Sweetheart. Is something wrong?" she asked with a worried tone.  I was not
hard. Yesterday, she smiled at me and I was hard. Now, after her mouth was on my
cock for five minutes, I was still soft. Immediately, I was worried something
had gone wrong with my programming.  I thought about what Uncle Bert, through
Andy, had said. It depended on where you put the comma.

I thought, "Get hard!"

"Wow! That is nice," she mumbled as she sucked me in again. Yes, it was nice.
Nice and hard.

I could feel Andy's perfect, shapely legs around my head start to tense and
relax, then tense. I knew she was near orgasm. I hit her clit with my tongue
like a machine gun. She began to whimper around the cock in her mouth. I felt
cool air as she pulled her mouth away.

She screamed, "YOU PUSSY EATING, MOTHER FUCKING, BIG COCKED STUD! JAM YOUR
TONGUE IN MY SWOLLEN TWAT, YOU SONOFABITCH. OH, SWEET JESUS, LET ME HAVE IT!!!"

I had forgotten to program Andy not to scream as she orgasmed.  It was too late
now. She could only be programmed if my cock was in her.  My tongue was not good
enough. She slammed her ass back into my face, driving the tip of my nose into
her back hole and almost breaking my jaw as she ground her pussy into my mouth.

"SUCK ME!! SUCK ME!!  I'M CUMMMMMINGGGGG!!!"

She rocked back and forth.  She collapsed inertly as I struggled to lift her ass
off my face so I could breathe. I could hear the news break now.

"Channel two has learned David Wilson, the rich, young heir, was suffocated
while eating his girlfriend's pussy, unable to breathe because his nose was up
her ass hole.  Film at eleven."

When she revived, she said, "Your turn!"

"No. I want to wait."

"You are just like your uncle. He would last all day and night but when he did
cum, it was a load.  OK. Your decision." She turned around and slipped me into
her wet slew.  Andy fucked me until she collapsed. She was on her back, totally
covered in sweat, gasping for air. Her face was flushed; her pussy and thighs
were covered in her own juices.  Her eyes were wild. She started to cry, sobbing
hysterically.

"What's wrong?"

"I don't make you happy. I don't love you like you want."

"No, Andy. It was all fabulous."

"Why didn't you orgasm? Even your uncle orgasmed although many of them were dry.
Why don't you?"

"Because I am an idiot," I thought.  I slipped into her again.  She used every
last bit of physical energy she had to make it great for me.  I ordered myself
to orgasm without ejaculation.

"Oh, yes, Davy. You did cum. That makes me so happy," she whispered before she
fell asleep.

I walked around with a hard-on for ten minutes before I remembered to think,
"soft."  So, I tried it. Hard. Soft. Hard. Soft.  It did not work that way. The
physical limitations of blood flow applied. It took a little time. I dressed and
walked next door to see Mary.  She was dressed in jeans and a T-shirt. The house
was warm from her furnace.  As we talked, I watched the rise and fall of her
ample and still high and firm breasts, the movement of her ass.

Suddenly, she looked at me with a funny smile and stripped off all of her
clothes, standing unashamedly before me.

"Why did you do that?" I asked.

"You were undressing me with your eyes. I thought I would save you the trouble. 
Say when you want to get laid," she said with a grin.

"When," I answered.

Like a Rolls. Smooth. Elegant. Comfortable but with amazing pickup and speed.
Very enjoyable indeed.  Again, I did not ejaculate.  I did fall asleep in her
arms.  When I awakened, it was Andy with me, which made me wonder if I had lost
my mind.

"Come on you two. Dinner," Mary called.  I ate like a horse.

As we sat before a roaring fire that night, my balls started to hurt.  I mean,
it was a case of the blue balls like I had never had.

"Problem, sweetheart?" Andy asked.  Her devilish grin told me she knew what the
problem was. Mary felt my crotch. I thought "hard" and was.

"We use to play a game with your uncle. Would you like to play?"

"Of course," I said hoping she did not mean Monopoly.  In the bedroom, we all
three stripped. Then, Mary brought out a box. She got out restraints and started
tying me to the bed. I tried to raise up but Andy sat on me, shoving her pussy
in my face. It was so sweet I just fell back and enjoyed it. Mary had me spread
eagled in no time.

"Now, the game. If you are like your uncle, you can control your orgasms. The
game is for us to constantly sexually stimulate you as you hold back until the
last spilt second before the pain in your balls and your sexual desires make you
go mad."

"This is not a game. It is masochism," I said.

"He seemed to enjoy it," Mary replied.  "His record was three hours, fourteen
minutes and eleven seconds."

Andy interjected, "Let us know before you cum so we can swallow. OK?"

I nodded. Mary set a timer beside the bed, turned it and said, "go."  I lasted
eight minutes and four seconds. I screamed like I had been shot. Andy's mouth
was a Kirby, sucking me more than I could ever remember having. It felt like my
guts and soul were flowing out of my cock into her mouth. Mary massaged my balls
as I blew my load, pulling on the sac, making sure it all came out.

The last thing I remember before I lost consciousness was Andy saying, "Isn't he
wonderful, mama."

I felt a warm hand on my cheek, breath on my neck.

"Hey, sleeping beauty, wake up," Andy said softly in my ear.

"Go away, Leave me alone!"  She left. I heard her crying and a door slam. Mary
came charging into the room.

"David! David!"  I sat up.

"What's wrong?"

"Andy has left. You told her to go away."  Oh migod!  I charged naked into the
cold morning air. She was sitting in her car sobbing. When she saw me, she
started the engine.

"Andy. Turn off that engine and come here!" I yelled.

She immediately did as I knew she would since she was programmed to obey. I held
and comforted her, trying to heal the hurt I caused. Uncle Bert was right. She
was very vulnerable to words from me. I had to be very careful. I also had to
get warm. Suddenly, I was freezing.  We went inside.  Andy got in bed with me,
jamming every inch of available flesh against mine.  That warmed me right up.

To be continued. . . .

Please!  Give me you comments.





MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 6

Two Road Trips and A Funeral

Uncle Bert's funeral was that day. We all attended, of course, as did his huge
family and many others I had never met. Uncle Bert was well loved.  I was
surprised how many women were there without a male escort.  A lot had wedding
rings.  I know it was a sad occasion being a funeral and all, but, I know Uncle
Bert.  He would have gotten a kick out of my erection from thinking about his
funeral goers.

My family all liked Mary and Andy. My parents were surprised when I told them
Andy was my girlfriend but they did not ask too many questions. After the
funeral, we went to the lawyers for the reading of the will. All Uncle Bert's
siblings were pleased with what he left them.  Mary and Andy acted as if could
not care less although they received a million dollars each. We all had a lovely
visit before the family went their separate ways. Mom and Ddad were the last to
leave. I told them I was moving to Colorado to live in Uncle Bert's place and I
would go to graduate school if I could.  They seemed OK with that.

I spent the next two days with Mary and Andy, learning all I needed to about
them. And, I had time to go through Uncle Bert's things.

"Why did you live over here and Uncle Bert at his place?" I asked.

Mary said, without emotion, "We were not his only girl friends, David."

"There were others?"

"Oh, yes. Many over the years. About three thousand, I think but Bert kept his
own counsel on that."  Again, my mind reeled at the thought of three thousand
like these two. Uncle Bert must have been a stud of the first order.

"Did you have other men?"  She smiled softly.

"Bert loved orgies, swapping, threesomes, foursomes, anything involving sex. I
was his party girl and we would party hardy." She got a far away look in her
eye.

"What are you thinking?" I asked.

"A few times Bert thought he was not enough for me, that I needed more. That was
not true, but, when he made his mind up...  So, twice he arranged for me to be
gang fucked. You know, ten or twelve guys at a time."

"Did you like that?"

"Bittersweet. I loved all the fucking but I was hurt because Bert felt he was
not enough for me."

"You really loved him, didn't you, Mary?"

She smiled wanly. "More than you will ever know.  More than he ever knew."

"And, Andy?"

"No one has touched her except Bert.  He really hoped you and she would....
well, become special friends."

"I think I would like that, too, Mary," I said.  I heard a soft sob behind me.
Andy had been listening. She curled up in my arms, sweet and warm, loving and
caring.

"I want to sell this house and all of us move in to the other one," I said.

Mary had a funny expression. "No. We need to keep this one for a year."  I
wondered if Uncle Bert had programmed that response.

For the next two weeks, I went through everything I could find at Uncle Bert's
house.  I knew he liked cubbyholes, little, tight places to hide things. Where
he hid the vial reaffirmed that. I went over that place from top to bottom. I
found some information on many areas of research but not what I expected to
find. Most of the hiding places were bare.

I got much closer to Mary and Andy during that time.  Andy had been programmed
to be my slave Uncle Bert had said. But he also said her natural proclivity as a
woman to love a man was directed at me. During this period, I could see her
natural side opening up to me, becoming closer. I knew I was falling for her. 
She fell for me the minute she saw me thanks to Uncle Bert. I really liked Mary,
too. I could see why see was his favorite woman. She was something special.

I was sitting on the porch enjoying the fine, warmer weather. Uncle Bert had
been dead seventeen days now.  I heard a car approaching and called Mary to come
outside.  It was two men, Ernie and Jeff.  Mary introduced us, saying they ran
the local hardware store.

"Come go to Golden with us. We need to go to the bank."

"Before you go, David, I have an envelope for you," Mary said.

The envelope contained a safe deposit box key. As I rode the conversation with
Jeff and Ernie was almost non existent. When we arrived at the Bank in Golden,
the woman guarding the safe deposit cages let us in. The box was in their name
but my key worked the lock. They sat in the corner as I opened it.

The safe deposit box contained a list of chemicals, some of which were ordinary
and some very esoteric. It has small notebook of Bert's research. The notebook
was marked volume one of ten. There was a note from Uncle Bert, who, of course,
was actually my father.

"Davy, you need to study the notebook. Then, go to Our Lady of Guadalupe Church
in Santa Fe, New Mexico. Ask for Father Jesus O'Brian. Tell him you are Davy
Wilson and show him your rose tattoo. This bank box is secure and you may reuse
it at any time. Just tell Jeff or Ernie you need to go to the bank."

I left the chemical list and the note but took the first notebook volume with
me.  Jeff and Ernie came alive after they heard the door click.  The ride home
was no conversation but I read. I took a day or two to read the notebook. I made
cash and credit card arrangements. When you have $20 million, the card companies
stand in line to issue you credit cards.

When I told the ladies I was leaving, I asked them both to join me. Andy giggled
and packed. Mary said she would make a later trip. Andy and I got in the Bronco
and headed down I70 for Denver, then turned south on I-25 for New Mexico.

I was pleased to find Andy, while obviously beautiful and built, was demure in
public, acting very ladylike indeed.  And, I told her that pleased me.

"That is the real me. A sweet little lady. Unless my man wants me, then I am a
fucking tigress." She bit me on the neck for emphasis. "You are my man, Davy.
You always will be."

I very much wished Uncle Bert was there with me. If nothing else than Andy, I
owed him a thanks I could never repay.

We stayed at the big, old, Lafonda Hotel on the square not far away from the
church. The church was several hundred years old but recently remodeled in the
original configuration. Father Jesus O'Brian was the decedent of an Irish family
who moved to Mexico in the last century, about the same time so many Irish
families came to the States. We found him in he rectory.

His greeting was warm and friendly.  Father was about sixty years old, two
hundred fifty pounds, six six, with a ruddy face.

Andy and I spent two months in Santa Fe. Father O'Brian's job was to give me
ethical and religious instructions. I read The Bible, then took the written and
oral tests he prepared. I read the saints and scholars of Christianity.  Father
was a hard task master, driving me onward.  College was never that hard.  Andy
was always beside me, taking the same instruction, learning and growing as I
was.

Santa Fe is a beautiful, high mountain resort, cool and pleasant. We enjoyed the
fine climate and food as we learned. And, of course, we always enjoyed each
other.  It was our honeymoon, I guess.

A couple of Santa Fe stories are worth repeating.

We had been there about two weeks when we took off a Saturday to explore the
surrounding mountains. We were walking along the trail when we came upon two
girls making love to each other.  They appeared to be about twenty. Both were
naked and they were lying on the top of a rock in a crack between two bigger
rocks. We heard their moaning as we watching as they sixty-nined. I could tell
Andy was getting turned on.

"Like that action?" I whispered.

"Yes," she replied, then she turned beet red. "You know I would never do
anything without your permission," she said.

"I know that, but, go ahead." She was naked and with them in a second.  What the
hell, I joined them.

Tasha and Donna were college students traveling and hiking for the summer. Both
were bi sexual, slim, trim and in excellent physical condition. I can not tell
you how good it felt to fuck three good looking woman and watch them pleasure
each other buck naked under the hot New Mexico sun. Andy enjoyed them as she
enjoyed all sex.  I did not even program her to not scream when she orgasmed. 
Down inside that little rock hollow her screams reverberated off the rock like
an echo chamber.  I wondered how many miles away people could hear her orgasm.

As we walking out, we came on a couple hiking out. They seemed very agitated.

"Did you hear it?" the woman asked almost in hysteria.

"Hear what?"

"A woman was being raped! My god, it was horrible!"  Her husband tried to calm
her.

"I think it was just a mountain lion, honey," he said condescendingly.

"Then the damn lion was raping a woman!" she snapped, not to be put off.

"When did it happen?" I asked.

"About forty minutes ago," he replied.  I thought back.

"Where did the sound come from?"

"In that direction," she said, pointing to where we had been.  "It sounded like
they had her in a cave. The sound was horrible!"  Tasha, Donna and I looked at
Andy, who turned beet red.

"That is your rape victim," I said pointing at her.

"I tried to be quite. Honest, I did," she murmured.

We laughed at the way to the hotel where Tasha and Donna spent the night with
us.

The other situation confirmed my Uncle Bert had indeed been there.  As we were
coming out of the church on the last day we were there, a nun approached us. She
was only in her forties with a sweet face and nice smile.

"Father said you are David Wilson?"

"Yes, Sister, I am."

"Then listen closely. Go to the third house. Find the love letters he kept.
Those from Anna, use the code from your seventh summer. Do you understand?"

I understood but I said "repeat." She did, verbatim.

"Thank you, Sister."

"For what? Who are you?"

I knew Uncle Bert's automatic deprogramming had occurred.


To be continued. . . .

Please!  Give me your comments.





MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 7 (MC, Everything)

Love Letters

Immediately on our return to Colorado,  I tried to follow the instructions Uncle
Bert had given me through the nun in Santa Fe. I guess I was surprised he had
used a nun.  I did not think about it at the time, but she was probably the only
woman he ever met he did not try to boink. Then, maybe he did.  I thought the
third house was Aspen since Uncle Bert bought it after he bought the two ranch
houses.  I spent four days tearing the place apart.  Nothing. Then, I went back
and checked the legal records in the court house. One of the ranch houses was
bought in Mary's name. The third house had to be Vail.

His Vail house (my Vail house now) was a freestanding residence with a glorious
view of the Gore Range overlooking the original Vail Village and facing the ski
slopes. It was about twenty four hundred square feet.  I searched high and low,
finding nothing.  I tried to think like Uncle Bert would have thought.

Love Letters. Lower Level. It was the kind of word game that would appeal to
Uncle Bert. In the basement, I searched throughly, even taking down the ceiling
tiles, before I realized the fireplace did not appear to be as big as the space
it occupied.

Uncle Bert and I had explored an old castle one summer in Europe when I was
eleven.  It was the kind of castle Hollywood puts in every pictures, with
turrets and towers and secret hiding places.  That castle had a secret hiding
place in the fireplace  capable of holding the royal family if they were
threatened by danger.  My hiding place would be much smaller.   It took me two
hours of pushing, pulling and trying, but then a brick moved. Then another
moved, leaving me space to put my hand in there. When I found a latch and pulled
it, the facing came off in my hand. There was a box inside. It contained love
letters and the second volume of his notebooks.  Of course, the notebooks were
an essential part of the treasure hunt but the letters were more interesting.

About forty women had written him, or, at least, he had saved the letters of
forty women. Some were really steamy.  As I poured through them, my cock getting
hard from reading and my ass getting sore from sitting, I wondered how many of
these women I would meet. Knowing Uncle Bert, I would find an index that cross
referenced these letters to a detailed list complete with addresses.  Now, I was
reading just for fun.  I probably should not tell you what they said,  but I am
sure Uncle Bert is laughing like crazy as he looks down on us enjoying these
love letters.

So, here are a few excerpts:

"My darling, My cunt aches for your big prick sawing in and out of me, stroking
against my rigid button as I scream under you. How I miss that horse cock
between your legs plundering my poor pussy. How I miss your weight slamming me
into the mattress as I scream for you to fuck me harder. Oh, Bert, how could I
have been so stupid as to tell you no. I will do anything, darling, anything. 
Please give me another chance to please you. Call me, Bert.  I beg you.  I will
love you forever.  Ann"

Then, there was: "Migod Bert, I can't stop thinking about it. I felt so
powerless, so feminine, so wonderfully helpless and submissive as you held me
upside down over the edge of the cliff, the wind blowing on my naked body, your
face buried in my pussy, your hungry mouth lapping away, the bridge of your nose
caressing my clit.  I have never come like that. I can still hear my shrieks
echoing off the canyon walls. Just call me, baby, anytime you get a wild hair. I
am always ready for you. Love always. Bunny."

Uncle Bert did not care if the women he fucked were married, as he had explained
when he gave me the message through Andy.  One letter,  in particular, proved
that.

"Bert, my love.  I have told my husband about us. I told him I would stay with
him, always appearing to be his loyal wife. I told him I would love him forever,
and, I will. But, I made it clear. When you want me, you can have me. He will
have to live with that.  I want you to fuck me, Bert. I want you to come fuck me
in the big brass bed I share with my husband. Tie my arms to the railings and
fuck me until I die.  Hurry, Bert.  I throb for you.  Since he knows now, you
can call anytime. Love forever. Stella.  PS, Marvin wants to know if he can
watch."

And, last, but not least.

"Master, your slave awaits your pleasure.  I wish again to feel your lash on my
tender skin as the ropes hold me motionless, helpless for you.  My surrender is
complete, master. My submission total.  I need my master to direct me, to guide
me. I am lost without you. Forever your slave. Mary."

I wondered if it was my Mary, the Mary he left me, who enjoyed her bondage so
much. I would find out.

The letter from Anna was only semi-steamy. That was because it was written by
Uncle Bert in code for me to find and the steaminess was only a cover for the
contents.  In fact, I wondered if he wrote it steamy and then encoded, or visa
versa.

In my seventh summer, Uncle Bert and I created a code. Besides being fun, it was
a tool he used to teach me some higher math.  I had not thought of it in years
but suddenly it was clear and correct in my mind.  I assumed that was the result
of the programming Andy gave me, allowing me to have almost perfect long-term
and short-term memory recall.

As I sat on the floor of the basement, I decoded the letter. It gave me the base
formula for the potion. Unfortunately, two of the compounds were government
controlled and another was extremely rare and expensive. What was not included
was the next clue.

Three months had passed. I was not sure where I was in finding the solution.

I jumped in the Bronco, and headed west through the Little Grand Canyon, as it
is called, to Glenwood Springs and the ranch house.   Andy greeted me with a
huge smile, a wet kiss and by jamming that marvelous body against mine.  I was
really falling in love with Andy.  She was very smart, funny, and, personable.
Being twenty-two,  I had not even thought about those traits after I saw that
body. Then, I just wanted to fuck her until my cock fell off from overuse.  But,
now that I was well fucked, my thoughts could focus on non physical attributes.
Andy had as many of those as she did physical attributes.

Of course, most importantly, she loved me beyond belief.  I wondered how much of
that was programming and how much was me.  I have talked to guys who were very
wealthy. Some of them lamented they never knew if it was them or the money that
attracted women. I know how they felt.  Was it me or the programming?  It does
not make any difference in the woman's performance.  But, it makes a difference
in how I feel about it.

I did not ignore Mary. It seemed so strange that I could be fucking one of them,
mother or daughter, and, the other would be peacefully watching us, waiting her
turn. But, quickly, I learned to love it.  There was never any jealousy or
animosity between them over me. Programming women is a magnificent idea.  They
are such wonderful, delightful creatures. With a few simple mind modifications,
they are perfect.

I tried to visualize what my life would be like if Andy and Mary had not been
programmed. I could not visualize sleeping happily between them.  I could
visualize having my eyes scratched out.  Like I said. A few, simple
modifications.

Oh, well.  That, as much as anything, in what my treasure hunt was about.

The next day, Mary, Andy and I were in bed, one on each side. Andy was
absentmindedly stroking my cock as Mary nestled in the crook of my arm.  The
bondage letter from a Mary jumped into my consciousness. So, I asked her.    "Do
you like bondage and discipline?"

Her eyes got big and she twitched. "Yes," she squeaked.

"What do you like about it the most?"

Andy was watching us closely. "I have never done that," Andy whispered, holding
tightly to my rising cock.

"Well, Mary?"

"Davy, if we talk about it,  you are going to have to fuck me. Even thinking
about it makes me terribly horny." Mary's nipples were hard. She squeezed her
thighs together to tantalize her clit. "I like being bound, feeling totally
helpless.  I love the surrender, giving myself to a man... Davy, please," she
moaned.

"Masturbate!"  Her hand flew between her legs, as she whimpered.

"What else?"  "When I am aroused, I like the sting against my skin of being
spanked... or, whipped."

"You like pain?"

Mary shook her head.  "No. Stimulation, breaking of pleasure so it can build
again." Mary groaned and her hand flew faster.

Andy grabbed my arm.   "I need to speak to you in private, David," she said
seriously. She started to dress.  "David, you must come with me!"

It was a command and Andy never gave me commands.  No.   That was not right. I
had received commands from her.  Each one of them preceded a message from Uncle
Bert.

"Where are you going?  Please don't leave me,"  Mary begged.

"David and I are going to his house. You stay here." Andy sounded cold, devoid
of emotion, so I knew a message was coming.

"Mary, masturbate until we come back," I said.

"Please, may I cum?"

"Yes, but, only when you hear the door close on our return."  Mary groaned.

 When we got to my house, Andy pushed me in my easy chair, knelt between my legs
and said, "don't touch me."  Her eyes glazed as she looked at me.

"Davy, boy. It is dad again. This is not part of the great treasure hunt. This
is something more important. This is about sex.  By now, you must know I loved
the ladies. I just hope I am in heaven because my view of the place is
unlimited, continual sex with women, the least of which is Yasmine Bleeth. The
only way you could access this communication is by saying "bondage and
discipline" in front of Andy. Did you get it from Mary's letter or did you think
of it yourself?  I wished I knew.

Okay, son. Here is the deal.  Mary has a letter which contains the name of a
madam in San Franscio and a domantrix in New York.  These two women are the best
sex instructors in America.  Mary and I had their courses.  Andy never has.  I
want you and Andy to take a vacation, two weeks at each place to learn together.
It will be fun. The letter Mary possesses will give you has all the information
you need.

Your next treasure hunt clue comes from Mary herself but she is programmed not
to tell you until all the following have been completed.

First, all the texts I told you about in previous clues and the notebooks you
have found must have been throughly read and understood. I sort of lied to you
when I told you about the programming Andy was going to give you. I had her
program you for two things I did not tell you about.  You cannot lie about any
phase of your training when Mary or Andy asks you. And, you can not lie to
yourself about these things. So, sue me.

Second, the courses with the two sex queens most be taken and successfully
completed.

Third, you must seduce ten women in Vail and ten in Aspen. Given the sexual
nature of women in those towns, this should take about eight hours in each
place. What makes it difficult is that you must take them three ways and get
them to either let you tie them up or take a video of the sex. It is a good
thing ski season is coming up.  You will have a lot of vacationers to increase
your odds. Look for women from Dallas with a least two kids.  I have found they
are wonderful fucks and hot as pistols.

Many women in Vail and Aspen have already been programmed by me. I told you what
the trigger is for them.  Again, be careful. If you stop a programmed woman on
the street and tell her to blow you, you will get a blow job and arrested.  Now,
this should be fun because  you will get the hell slapped out of you by women
you think are programmed but are not.  And, I have not given you the list of my
women yet.  Anyway, if you take any of these women it will be good sport but it
does not count against the ten. You got to catch your own fish.  Yes, Mary loves
B&D. I did not program that. She loved it when I met her.  Have fun son. I love
you."

Andy shut down, her head falling to her chest.   I got a soda and told Andy
"repeat".  She gave me the message again. Then, I erased it.

"Andy?" I said. She awakened, falling against me as she tried to stand.  I
helped her stumble into bed.  I crashed beside her feeling her warm body gently
breathing against mine.  I was there about thirty minutes when I remembered I
had told Mary to masturbate without cumming until I got back.

This mind control power can be a problem. Had I gone to sleep, Mary could have
masturbated all night without cumming.  She was helpless. I told her to do it
and not to join us.  As I dressed, I wondered if she would have masturbated
until she died.  I ran to their house, charged through the door and slammed it.

"OH, YESSSSSSSSSS!" she screamed.  "YESSS!  I'MMM CUMMMMINNNGGGG!"

When I got to the bedroom, she was still flopping like a fish out of water,
rolling all over the bed, which was soaked in sweat and pussy juice, as her hand
flew between her legs.

Poor Mary had been masturbating for an hour, always on the edge of orgasm. Her
face turned towards me but her eyes were that glazed, unfocused look of satiated
lust.  Her pussy smell was overpowering. I was going to get in bed with her.  I
did promise to fuck her when I got back. But, she whimpered "no more" and went
fast to sleep. She was snoring loudly when I locked the door on my way back to
Andy.

To be continued. . . .

Please! Give me your comments.





MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 8

New York, New York, Its a Wonderful Town

It took the next six weeks to again read all the texts Uncle Bert had arranged
for me to read. With Andy and Mary around, I did not spend full time reading, of
course.  But, I did spend a great deal of time on them.  I was very pleased
Uncle Bert had programmed me for higher and greater intellectual and memory
capacities. From the heavy instruction Andy and I received from Father O'Brien
in Santa Fe, and, from all the books, my view of humanity from a religious -
philosophical - ethical - intellectual perspective had been greatly changed. 
That is what Uncle Bert wanted.  I guess what surprised me most was I had
considered myself a very well educated individual, but I was not well educated. 
I was well trained in the sciences.  There is much to be said for a liberal arts
education.

All the arrangements to receive training from America's two sex queens were made
during those six weeks.

It was on to New York.

I suspect you readers are not really interested in how I spent two weeks in the
hands of the world's leading domantrix learning, shall we say, to give and to
receive, but I will tell you a little about it anyway.

Andy and I flew into Newark, now New York City's leading airport, grabbed a
limo, and rode into Manhattan. New York is the world's city.  It is so full of
life and energy that driving into it is exciting.  Andy had never been there, so
she was particularly in awe and energized.  We registered at our hotel and
unpacked.

Andy was glowing, dancing around the room, her eyes bright and shiny. She
waltzed to me, put her arms around my neck and leaned against me to be kissed
which I happily did. I wrapped my arms around, letting my hands drop to caress
her ass.  (If I wrote every time my hands found her ass, this whole thing would
be one big ass grab. But, while I did it a lot, I will only write it
occasionally.)

"Davy, this is so wonderful! It feels like... like a honeymoon!"

She froze and a fearful, questioning expression came over he face.

"Davy, please, I did not mean..."

I had not yet programmed a woman, or a man, for that matter.  I was really
flying blind as to how it was actually done and the impact of it.  And, I was
not the one who programmed Andy or Mary or any of the other 3,000 women Uncle
Bert left me. I was unsure of how it was done in general and how Uncle Bert had
done it, specifically.  Was Andy programmed to reveal her true feelings to me? 
By that, I mean those feelings she would have had if she had not been
programmed. Or, were her only feelings those which had been programmed in her,
so they became her true feelings?  Or, was it a combination of the two set in
some way by Uncle Bert to give me the best of both worlds?

I had many questions about the control, the programming.  One thing I had
learned was to control the programming I had received which affected my cock. 
Getting hard on command, staying hard forever, and orgasming without ejaculating
were delightful, no doubt about that.  But, seeing or touching a special woman
and having her cause the special twitch in my pants was even more delightful. I
had set myself to respond naturally which I did in this case, causing my
intellectual ruminations about the programming to take back seat to the woman in
my arms.

"Oh, Davy," she whispered as I began to undress her. "I love you so much."

Sometime later, we ordered room service.  The next morning we started our
lessons.

When I used the name of Uncle Bert to register at the domination castle, I got
the head lady herself and not an assistant.  I wondered how much time Uncle Bert
had spent there to receive such first class treatment.  Then, I wondered, since
he was really my father, if the love of B&D was genetic or environmental.

Mistress Diana, as she called herself, was a British woman with a beautiful
accent.  She was a giant, standing about six three, not including the six inch
heels she always wore, which made her six nine and taller than most NBA players. 
She had a body like a Barbie doll except on a larger scale. My guess she was
46EE - 34 - 47.  She obviously worked out a lot because it was all muscle except
for those watermelons on her chest.   I could not tell what her face looked like
since she wore a mask.  Overall, she was very impressive.

She wore what I would call fetish clothing, in this case, PVC.  On her it looked
great.   In fact, I got the name of her clothier and bought Andy a few things.
Well, I bought Andy and me a lot, actually, but, I will cover that later.

When we first saw her, she was dressed all in black except a red glove on her
right hand. In that glove she had a whip. A large, black whip with a red tip. 
She had on a black PVC cat suit covering her from neck to ankle except her
breasts and pussy, which were bare. I mean bare.  She had on a mask that covered
her face except for her lips and eyes. Her eyes were a wild emerald green,
effectively reinforced by the use of emerald eye makeup. Her lips were painted
bright red, matching the glove and whip tip. She had painted the lips of her
pussy and her nipples the same red.  Very effective use of color.

It dawned on me she was big enough to do real damage with that whip. For a
moment, fear paralyzed me and I wondered if Uncle Bert had messed this one up.
Probably not. Knowing him, Mistress Diana was one of the 3,000 women he had
enslaved.  I had to know.

"Do you prefer sirloin or tube steak?" I asked as she towered over me. Her eyes
got soft.

"It depends on the chef."

Oh, yes!  She was programmed. That lowered my anxiety level a lot.  "What does
your pussy prefer?" I asked.  "It prefers following your commands," she replied.
Slowly, gracefully, she knelt before me.  It was like watching a giant redwood
fall to the ground, except redwoods don't have hourglass figures.  She was the
first of the "other" women Uncle Bert had programmed who I encountered.  I
wondered if they all would kneel, or if Uncle Bert had given her a special
instruction because of her height.

Andy was still and quiet, watching passively. Was this a programmed response in
her? How did Uncle Bert handle multiple slaves when they were together?  "Andy?"
I asked. She looked at me with that defused, unfocused look she got when she was
in a trance. So, there was some kind of instruction.

"Andy, what have you been programmed to do when I am working with another
slave?"

"Mary and I have been programmed to wait quietly for instructions when you are
working with another woman, except for when you are working with either of us. 
You are not to use the word slave.  Uncle Bert did not like that."

"What word am I to use to collectively describe you ladies?"

"Kittens."

"Kittens?"

"Yes."  Her expression changed from a vacuous stare to a slutty grin. "Meow,"
she whispered as her back arched and she thrust her breasts out at me.

Uncle Bert was good! He may have thought of everything.  Now, I knew Andy was
programmed to tell me how the others were programmed.  That made my life (work?
fun?) a lot easier.  I turned my attention back to Diana, who was my "kitten"
but would soon be my mistress.

I was going to command Diana to be real easy with us.  But, I decided to ask a
few more questions first.  "Tell me your philosophy behind the training we are
to receive."

"My training in to enhance the sexual desire and responsiveness of my clients. 
I introduce them to new worlds and instruct them in how to use those worlds for
their own pleasure. It is always for pleasure.  I use restraints, submission and
pain to enhance pleasure. It is never pain in place of or to eliminate pleasure,
or, pain for its own sake. There is fear without danger, anxiety but with
rewards, submission to receive bliss."

Andy was quiet again but she looked up at me with sheer lust in her eyes. A shy
smile crossed her face as she licked her lips. She was going to enjoy this, as
was I.

"Treat us as any other very important client. Do the best job you can."

"I always do, Master David."  I called her name, bringing her back to
consciousness, out of her trance.  Blinking rapidly, she focused on me,
realizing what had happened to her. Those huge red lips parted in a devilish
grin revealing perfect white teeth.

"Trust me, David.  You will enjoy it... well, some of it.  But, how will you
know if you like it or not unless you try it."

That made me wonder.  Not about what Diana would do to us, but about the
programming. Mary and Andy never knew they had been in a trance. But, Diana
knew. And, she responded out of the trance to something that happened in the
trance. Why?

I extended my hand to help her stand. She kissed me gently on the lips, then
stood back. She called an assistant, who escorted Andy from the room.  Andy
looked back at me with a hot but hesitant expression as the door shut behind
her.  Now, it was just Mistress Diana and me.  I knew we were going to start.

"Strip, pig!" she screamed.   Pig was me.  I began stripping.

It occurred to me as I undressed, that since she judged my receptiveness to and
desire for a particular act or technique she used, in part, by the status of my
cock, I needed to be programmed to respond naturally, which, as I have said, I
already had done for myself. However, I did it again to make sure.

She waited impatiently, tapping the whip against the side of that oak tree she
called a leg, as my clothes hit the floor.  I saw a door open and a woman,
dressed in an all black cat suit, enter. The women walked behind me and pulled
back my left arm.  I felt leather being attached. When she took my right arm, I
looked at the left one. She had put a very, thick, wide leather restraint around
my wrist.  It had two buckling straps and an O-ring imbedded in it.  It looked
ominous and she was installing another one to my right wrist. Then, the woman
attached something around my waist and crotch. It was like a one- piece leather
jock strap with built in cup. I would learn later it was to protect my cock and
balls.

The woman pushed me forward a few steps.  I heard an electric motor and looked
up.  I was under a hoist.  Diana was staring, her eyes boring into me. I could
not tear my eyes away from her as the woman attached chains to my wrists.  She
pushed a button and my arms were pulled upward until I stood on the balls of my
feet. Diana tapped that whip against her leg as the woman exited, leaving me
hanging by my wrists and alone with an amazon in a PVC cat suit.

Diana walked over to me. With the whip handle, she raised my chin until I was
staring into her bright, emerald eyes. I did not feel fear, just anticipation. 
I knew I could take command of her if what she did to me was not to my liking. 
Then, I saw her eyes glaze over.

"David. This is Uncle Bert again.  I suspect you know Diana is one of my women. 
Since you are receiving this message, I know you are hanging by your wrists in
Diana's dungeon. This is the only message you will receive from Diana but it is
an important one. She has been programmed to be your kitten except during your
training. During training, she is your mistress, David.  She will do to you as
she wishes. Boy, I wish I could see your face right now! I bet you are saying
'Oh, shit' under your breath and you have already started to sweat. Give up
control, Davy.  Let yourself enjoy the power of submission, even if only this
once.  My guess is that you are dominant and will enjoy much more that part of
your training, but you need to experience all of it. Have fun."

"Oh, shit!"

Diana laughed out loud. It was an evil, commanding, loud laugh. I began to
shake.  As Diana would explain later, helplessness and fear are essential to
receive the sexual pleasure of surrender...  submission... to a master
(mistress, in this case.)

I was totally helpless. I was so afraid I was about to pee on myself.  So, my
sexual pleasure should be great.  At least, that is what I hoped.

To be continued . . . .

Please! Give me your comments.





MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 9

Bound to Be Good

Thanks to my Uncle Bert, who was intent on teaching me even from the grave,
there I was, hanging by my wrists, naked as the day I was borne, with a six nine
Amazon in a black cat suit holding a whip and standing over me like an avenging
Satan. I knew she was programmed by Uncle Bert to make me submit and that my
control over her would not work during my training.  He wanted me to learn the
pleasure of submission.

Was I frightened?  Bet your sweet ass I was!

"Here, little wimp. Suck on this!" she commanded, sticking the whip handle in my
mouth cross ways, like a dog with a bone. I watched the magnificent sway of her
ass as she walked from the room, leaving me there alone.

I quickly learned one cannot swallow properly with a heavy whip handle in one's
mouth. The saliva started dripping down my chin in sticky ropes.  I could feel
the tension in my calves from being forced on remain on tip toes.  I am sure
Diana wanted the tension to build in me, for the fear to grow like a fungus in a
dead log, until I was quaking just from the thought of her and her not-so-tender
intentions.

What did FDR say? "We have nothing to fear but fear itself."   As I looked
around, the fear fell away, leaving me wondering about other things.  I wondered
if any of Diana's staff was programmed like she was, and, how, exactly, her
programming interfaced with mine. I was thinking about Andy's programming,
concerned as to her reactions and about what the mistress was doing right now to
my beloved sex goddess.  I must admit I created a few lovely fantasy pictures of
Andy as I hung there.

I did not realize Diana had returned until she yanked the whip from my mouth. 
She was watching me intently as she laid the first lash across my stomach.  It
stung but did not really hurt. In fact, it felt good in some ways as blood
rushed through me and the skin got hot. It itched and tingled.

Why good feelings outweighed the bad,  I learned in Whips 101 several days
later. Whips 101 was followed by all the other courses, Clamps 201, Dildos 201
and 202, etc., required to earn a D.D. degree: Doctor of Dominance, Professor of
Pleasure and Pain.

Good morning. Dr. Dave, at your service.  Pull off your panties and get on the
examination table. The doctor is in . . .  and out . . .  and in . . .

Diana was behind me now. The whip came across my ass and upper thighs, stinging. 
I squirmed. More than anything, it was an itch I could not scratch.  She
continued tantalizing me. I felt the heat and the tingling but it was doing
nothing for me sexually. Diana removed the leather g-string, staring into my
eyes as she massaged my cock.

"I know you can control yourself. You are suppose to be natural," she said,
noting my cock was as soft as a baby's ass.  "I am being natural. This is not it
for me," I replied. She gave me a grin, walked away and returned with a riding
crop.

"Let's try something else," she said evilly.  "Let's not."  She did not listen
to me.

She only hit me six times with the riding crop over the next half hour or so. 
Diana used the crop to reinforce her hands and the mental images she built as
she squeezed, podded and poked me. Like I said, it was not my bag. Finally, she
realized that.

"I am through, Davy," she said as she removed the chains from my wrists. My arms
began to throb as I shook them to return circulation. I put on the robe she gave
me.

"Would you like some tea?" she asked in her crisp British accent. I accompanied
her to a small, pretty room done in soft pastels and a far cry from the black of
her dungeon.   She removed her mask to reveal a pretty and surprisingly sweet
face.  We drank tea and ate finger sandwiches as we talked about domination.

Since Andy and I had been separated when training began, I asked about her.

"Let's go see her, shall we?"  I said I would like that.  "Control yourself,"
Diana said. "Don't over react."

When she opened the door, I heard Andy's voice, "God NOOO! PLEASE DON'T DO THIS
TO ME!"

I ran through the curtains into the room. Andy, my beautiful beloved, was naked
and restrained by her wrists and ankles. Her feet were in something that looked
like an alpine ski boot, holding her foot in place against a board (like a ski).
The device could be adjusted by the dominatrix so the width between Andy's legs
could be varied. Her wrists were secured in leather and  chained to the ceiling.
She was squirming, screaming, her eyes wide and frightened, her face red. She
was twisting and turning, trying to get down. She collapsed in her bondage and
began to sob.

Damn, she looked good and my prick was stone in an instant. Should I describe
Andy to you . . .  again?  I really never get tired of that, you know. She is
the most beautiful and sensual woman I have ever known, with a 35D -23 -36
figure that Jenny McCarthy would die for. She has a wild, sensual face with huge
blue eyes, full lips like Kim Basinger, and long blonde hair.  She is my wet
dream.  And, as she hung in bondage, she was so desirable I thought my cock
would explode.

I felt Diana touch the end of my throbbing cock.  She whispered, "See. You are
dominant. Walk up to Andy. Ask her what she wants."

"Andy. Andy! What do you want?"

"Davy? DAVY! HELP ME! THEY WON'T LET ME CUM! PLEASE! Davy, get the whip. Hit me
across the thighs, high up, near my pussy. Please, Davy. I NEED TO CUM SO
BADLY!"

She was sobbing again. I stroked her magnificent breasts, feeling the nipples
huge and hard between my fingers. She moaned from deep in her gut as her hot
eyes burned into me.

The dominatrix working with Andy approached, whip in her hand.  She flicked the
whip across her thighs and lower belly. I could see red marks rising but, by
then, I knew she was not in a lot of pain.  I mean that I had just been hit
harder than that. Again and again, the whip flicked as Andy groaned in exquisite
agony.

"YES! THANK YOU, MISTRESS! YES! YESSSSSSS, OH GOD. YES. WHIP ME. WHIP ME. I'M
CUMMMMMMINNGGGGGGG."

Her pussy started pumping lubrication. You could literally see it spurt. Her
back was arched as far as it would go, her arms hard behind her, her head back,
tits pointed upward.  She screamed again like a demon from hell and passed out. 
The staff quickly got her down.

"Fabulous reaction, David. Just wonderful. It is uncommon for anyone to be able
to orgasm that strongly.  I bet she is a wonderful partner," Diana said.

"Wonderful," I agreed, still dazed by her performance.

"Well," Diana said, "since you are obviously dominant and she is obviously
submissive, we should be able to provide the two of you with enough information
and skills for a lifetime of loving. Shall we go see her?"

Andy was still out, laying on a bed as I sat by her. Finally, her eyes
fluttered.

"Oh, Davy, I loved it," she mumbled.

I wish everyone who likes B&D, everyone who likes sex, could take Mistress
Diana's training.  The purpose of B&D, like the purpose of all sex, is to
provide each party with strong, deep and real physical, emotional and
psychological releases of great intensity.

Diana taught us some people really get off on pain. It was quickly clear Andy
and I were not those people. But, Andy did get off on submitting to me,
surrendering herself to her man, feeling helpless and controlled.  Allowing her
man to dominate allowed her to fully release.  As Diana said, Andy fully
released any way, so we were talking about degrees of intensity.

The pain she enjoyed was a counterpoint to her pleasure, delaying the orgasm or
providing additional stimulation.

Take nipple clamps, for example.  Andy has big, beautiful, erect and very
sensitive nipples. We tried every kind of nipple clamp there is. The Japanese
clover clamp provided too much pain, keeping her from enjoying sex. The
alligator clamps the same way. What turned sweet Andy on was a simple screw
clamp or other pressure device by which nipple pressure could be exactly
regulated by me to make her tingle and be aware but not ache.

For example, one night before going out after our training, I put tiny rubber
bands around each erect nipple. Her hard nipple pulsated all night, sending
electrical charges right to her pussy.

"That's it! I cannot stand any more," she said as we walked along Broadway on
our way back to the hotel from a play.  She was sweating, shaking with desire. 
She hailed a cab and jumped in. By the time, I took my seat, she had her dress
up, her panties off and was fingering herself.

"Fuck me, Davy. Now!"

It was not a request.  She lay back and brought her legs up. I knee-walked
between them and slammed into her hot and sopping pussy.  She orgasmed in three
strokes.

This caused somewhat of a problem.  My fault, not hers.

The first problem was I forgot to program her to be quiet when she orgasmed. You
know what that means. She screamed like a banshee.  And, the cab windows were
down.

People walking along the sidewalk were treated to: "OH, SHIT! RAM THAT BIG COCK
UP ME . . .  GIVE IT TO ME . . .  HARDER . . .  HARDER . . .  FUCK ME . . . FUCK
ME . . .  FUCK MEEEEEE!!!!!!" in a voice that would shatter glass.

The second problem was we started fucking as soon as we got in the cab.  We
never told the driver where to go. So, we were parked at curb side throughout
the whole fucking thing. Then, she yanked her dress down to remove the nipple
bands.

We realized these problems when we heard applause.  Approximately a hundred
people were peering into the cab watching our sidewalk show.  Andy turned beet
red and slid to the floor.  When we finally got into our room, we could not stop
laughing and we both admitted being watched was a turn on for us. Needless to
say, the cab was not the only time we fucked that night.

Then, one night, near of the end of our time with her, Mistress Diana invited us
to a B&D ball, a big event in the New York bondage scene.

I went in skin tight leather pants, shirt and boots.  I thought I looked good,
but Andy was a wet dream.

She wore a locking black leather G-string with a thong back, black leather,
thigh-high boots with six inch heels, a thick, locking black leather collar with
a leash attached to the O-ring in front, a leather blindfold, and a small bell
dangling from each nipple. Her nipples were not pierced. This was clip-on
jewelry. Her arms were bound behind her at the wrists and elbows, pulling the
arms back in a straight and locked position. This thrust her huge breasts out
beautifully. I oiled her entire body in a perfumed oil.

I was playing with her nipples in the little coat room at the club in which I
had finished dressing her.  She was already very needy. "Master," she whispered,
her eyes bright.

"Yes, Andy."

"Can I ask something of you, one promise, please? I know I don't have the right
to ask, but . . . "

"What is it?"  I was puzzled.

"Don't let any other man have me, Davy. Please.  I want to be only for you."
Spoken in a whisper, it was almost a prayer.

"Never, Andy. Never." I kissed her with all my might, fighting back tears of
joy.

With that body and that costume, she was the hit of the evening. She also got
very, very aroused from being exposed like that.  No one but I touched her but
people made all sorts of compliments and comments on her, turning her and me, on
even more. She was getting very wild.

"Davy? Davy?" she whispered. I did not answer. She had been instructed to call
me master all evening.

"Damn it! Master!"

"Yes, my little slut slave," I responded.

"We need to leave."

"I say when we leave, slave. What is your problem?"

She tried to find my ear to whisper into it but I kept moving away.  She was
frustrated indeed.  Finally, she just blurted out,  "We need to leave because I
need to be fucked."

"They have a stage where masters fuck their slaves. Let's fuck here!"  I could
see it eating at her. Her natural ladylike proclivities clashed with her
exhibitionist tendencies and her sexual needs.  Her programming to be shameless
with me conflicted it even more. Tears flowed from under the blindfold.  She was
in mental anguish.

"I will be a good master," I said. "I will fuck you now on stage, or, you can
wait two hours until we get home."

"No," she moaned. I made sure my hands were busily stimulating her.  Andy was in
hell, but a nice hell, as the sexual needs fought her other emotions.  Ten
minutes later she whimpered, "Please, master, lead me to the stage."

The stage was raised so everyone could see. They had a "horse," a sawhorse-like
contraption where slaves could be bound.  I bound her face down by spreading her
legs and attaching her ankles to the horse. I bent her over it, holding her in
place by chaining her collar to it.  I removed her G-string.

"Please," she begged.

"Beg loudly and clearly, slave."

"FUCK ME WITH THAT BIG COCK OF YOURS, MASTER!" she screamed.

There were approximately two hundred and fifty people in the ballroom, all
dressed in fetish clothing, all having a good time. The room got deathly quiet.

"They all are watching me, aren't they?" she whispered.

"Yes, little slut. They are."

God, I love Andy. She is everything I ever dreamed about.  She wiggled her ass
seductively.

"Well, let's give them a show, then," she said.

I slammed into her.

"YES . . . YES . . .  GOD! I'M CUMMMINNNGGGG" She began to buck and thrust back
against me, obviously in a wild orgasm.  I let her float for a minute. Even I
was surprised, when she screamed,   "NOW, MASTER. STICK YOUR MONSTER IN MY SWEET
ASS!!!"

Andy screamed and hollered throughout a long and not gentle ass fucking,
orgasming at least twice before I blew a load in her.

The applause was thunderous.  I removed her blindfold so she could see her
audience. She bowed like a Broadway star.  We won a trophy for her effort as
best show of the night and they gave us a wonderful video of the whole thing. We
laughed about it for months.

The time with Diana was well spent. Since Andy and I progressed so rapidly, we
finished our two-week session in ten days. We spent four days seeing museums and
hitting the plays before we went to San Francisco.

To be continued. . . .

Please!  Give me your comments.







MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 10

San Francisco, Here I Cum

We took a 747 from New York to San Francisco, went directly to the Mark Hopkins
hotel to rest and overcome jet lag.  All right, we checked in early to fuck, if
you must know everything.  Andy was asleep on the bed, prettier than a
centerfold, as I sat in the arm chair watching her, sipping on a Coke and
thinking about my situation.

While I certainly was enjoying the two women and all the plans and activities
Uncle Bert (as I continued to call my natural father) laid out for me, I was
dissatisfied with my knowledge of how the programming had been done and the
accumulation of information necessary to duplicate the formula.

And, I was missing Mary.  I wanted to fuck her and I wanted to fuck her now.
Strange, isn't it?  I had just finished fucking every man's wet dream, my cock
still damp with her juices, her fragrance still heavy in my nose.  Already, I
was thinking about another woman. Her mother, yet.  But, I felt those stirrings
between my legs.  I decided not to dwell on the ethical and moral ramifications
of that dilemma.  Rather, I decided to call Mary and order her to the coast.

"Bert wants me to stay here, Davy.  He wants this time to be just for Andy and
you.  I will be here, ready for you when you get back."

"How do you know what Bert wants?"

"He told me before he died.  He told me many things, Davy."

"Tell me what he told you."

"I cannot discuss it over the phone, Davy."

"You know you are programmed?"

"Yes. I am not sure how much I know. I mean, I do not think I know everything,
but I know some things, a lot, really."

"I command you to come to San Francisco and tell me your programming."

"I cannot. And, do not come home yet.  Do it the way your father wants, Davy."

"You know that, too?"

"Yes, Davy.  I do.  Please, ask me no more until we are together. I am
programmed not to tell you and I am programmed to obey you. This is creating a
great conflict for me.  I...."

"Mary!  Relax!  It is okay.  Forget about this until we return home. "

"Thank you," she said gratefully.

"Now . . . "   Our conversation trailed off into mundane matters, but my mind
was spinning.  Apparently, the mind control formula was so strong, the subject
could know she was programmed and happily obey anyway. Maybe, it was in the
programming. Once again,  I wished Uncle Bert had let me participate in
programming before he died.

"Baby, please come back to bed."

Andy was on her side, her long golden hair modestly covering her breasts, her
top leg crossed to hide her pussy.  Her big, blue eyes were sexy and sweet.  Who
could tell her no?  Not me.

The next morning we contacted Madam Delilah.

While Diana in New York was fetish training, Delilah in San Francisco was
mainline sex: flirting, sucking, fucking, caressing, massage, all the regular
stuff.  I was surprised how much fun it was and how much I learned.  Andy
learned even more than I did.

Madam Delilah ran a string of ten to fifteen women and five to eight men in a
very high priced call girl (and guy) shop. While Heidi Fleiss in LA was getting
a thousand a night for her girls, Delilah often got three to five thousand for
hers.  She assigned us Rebecca. If I did not have Andy and Mary, I would have
pleaded with Rebecca to come be with me permanently.

Rebecca was beautiful.  She was about thirty-five, six feet tall in her heels,
34C - 21 - 35 (I asked her), with the longest, most beautiful legs in the world
(sorry, Andy, even better than yours) and a wonderful ass (here you beat her,
Andy).  Her face was impeccable: flawless skin, high cheekbones, marvelous lips,
big green eyes huge and bright like emeralds under long black lashes. Her coal
black hair fell to her shoulders.

Most important, Rebecca had a class . . .  an air . . .  about her.  It was an
aura which said, "I am the most perfect woman ever. I am unavailable, but I will
coolly evaluate you, and . . .  and, if you are the man who lights my fire, I
will be the wildest, hottest slut whoever lived."

It was that classy, cool, princess-like demeanor with the promise of a hot,
slutty wild woman underneath which made men quiver with desire.  I know I
quivered.

Rebecca, Andy and I went to dinner at San Francisco's finest restaurant. Both of
the women wore black, floor length, form fitting cocktail dresses.  Andy's dress
had a high, square neck in front and was backless. Rebecca's dress had spaghetti
straps, a deep V to the navel in front and was backless. Both of them were
tastefully adorned in jewelry and makeup.  The restaurant had that noisy but
pleasant sound of quality restaurants when we entered.  I told the maitre d' to
escort the ladies to our table.  I wanted to watch the room when they walked
through it.

Slowly, elegantly, the two ladies floated toward the table, like goddesses
visiting us mortals here on earth. The noise level lowered significantly as they
progressed, heads, male and female, turning to observe them.  At several tables,
the women berated their male companions for obviously staring. As they sat, the
room began to return to normal.  I joined them.  By the time I got there, and it
was not a minute, two different men had sent champagne.

"May I join you ladies?" I asked.

"Certainly," Rebecca said. That woman could have made millions doing voice overs
on commercials.

So, you ask, what did you learn from Rebecca?  I learned she had not been
programmed by Uncle Bert. (See! He did screw up once in a while. Where was that
damn formula when I needed it?)  I learned there was another woman besides Mary
and Andy in this world who made me hard the entire time I was with her.  I was
glad Uncle Bert programmed me.  I finally told my prick "down boy" just so I
could sit comfortably.

It was what Andy learned that was important.  At eighteen, Andy was a
magnificent diamond but a diamond in the rough.  Rebecca polished her by letting
Andy observe her. Andy learned to be a classy but sensual lady.   And, Andy
learned more about the subtle feminine art of sexual teasing and flirting from
Rebecca than I could have believed possible.  It is an art too few women know.

For example, one night, as part of our training, we met Rebecca at her home,
which was in a high rise condo in an expensive part of town.

"We are going to play a game," she said.  "David, Andy, I want you to sit here
(she indicated a love seat which allowed a clear view of her bedroom).  I will
be a woman coming home from a date. Do not speak or participate until it is
time. Just watch."

We made ourselves comfortable, sitting side by side, holding hands like two
teenagers in our parent's living room.

Rebecca left the room. In a moment, we heard the front door open and close. We
heard her humming and the sound of the refrigerator opening. Then, the click
clack of her high heels on the hall floor. Entering the room, she casually threw
her wrap on a chair. She walked into the bathroom, leaving the door open so we
could hear, but not see.  We heard the distinct sound of a woman peeing and a
toilet flush. She was setting the stage.

The evening was a long, slow, delicious strip tease, with her acting as though
she were alone, letting us be the voyeurs watching her. Softly humming a
romantic number, she began by observing herself in her mirror, turning, hands
smoothing her dress, a small smile creeping across her lips.

"Not bad," she whispered.  It took a long time for her to remove her ear rings. 
All the time she was moving seductively, like dancing by herself in rhythm with
the music she hummed.  Then, she sat, pulling the skirt up to her thighs to
remove her shoes. She did not just take her shoes off. That woman could remove a
high heel more erotically than most women remove their panties.

Everything was done slowly.  An actor will tell you timing is everything. It is
in seduction also. The movements must be natural but slow, arousing but sensual,
allowing the voyeur to build in desire.  She started detaching her stockings
from the garter belt she wore, each movement appearing to be only what was
required to undress, but really designed to maximize our arousal.  Andy shifted
in her seat.  Her eyes were hot. Since I was programmed to act naturally, you
know what I was like.

Rebecca rolled her stockings down her legs, caressing those long, silky, limbs
erotically as she did. Her panties were clearly visible as she moved.  She lay
the stockings on her dressing table. The stockings were rolled, reminding me of
a nylon condom for a giant. She stretched and yawned which thrust her breasts
against her dress and made us all think about getting in bed. She patted
barefooted into the kitchen, swaying seductively as she walked.  We heard the
refrigerator open.

Rebecca returned with a glass of champagne and a bowl of strawberries. She would
dip a strawberry in the champagne, slowly bring it to her lips to suck the
champagne off and nibble at the berry.

After treating us to a slowly done play of a woman at her dressing table,
suddenly, she stood, quickly unzipped her dress and dropped it to the floor. The
motion was so quick, and smooth, it was a shock to us watching, from both the
change of pace in her activities and the disrobing. Her garter belt was gone in
a flash, leaving her in a bra and very sexy panties.

My heart was thumping. I thought, "Oh, yeah. Now the action heats up!"

But, it did not.

Fifteen minutes later she was still in a bra and panties, sitting at her
dressing table, combing her long hair. The humming and the strawberry-champagne
had continued throughout at a slow and leisurely pace.

She reached behind herself to unfasten her bra.  I had been wanting to see her
beautiful breasts since I laid eyes on her and I thought this was it.  She
turned her back to us as the bra fluttered to the floor. Immediately, my tension
increased. I wanted to see her tits! She began massaging her breasts. At least,
that is what it looked like from behind her. Andy touched my leg and pointed.  I
could see the front of her in the reflection in the mirror.

Oh, this woman was good!

By now, we were going nuts trying to watch both her and her in the mirror. Back
still to us, she stood, slipped off her panties and sat down.  It was done so
quickly even the mirror gave me no hint as to what her sweet flower looked like.
Now, naked she looked down at her pussy as if checking it.  She stood and looked
at herself in the mirror, our view being of her back and what flashes the mirror
gave us.  With that ass and those legs, our view was superb, but it was not
frontal, which is what I wanted.

She moved to the bed, laying down, her right side to us. Her right leg came up,
blocking our view of her sex. Her right hand moved to cup her breast as her left
hand moved between her legs. She started to slowly masturbate. Andy whimpered as
she raised her skirt and slipped her hand in her panties. She was masturbating
along with Rebecca.

Rebecca was moaning, cooing, as she masturbated. The sweat broke out on her
breasts. I could smell the wonderful odor of pussy although I could not tell if
that was Rebecca or Andy (I did not care which). My cock was about to burst and
a tear rolled down my cheek.

After masturbating for some time, letting us all build in desire, Rebecca acted
as if she could not cum. (Andy did not have that problem.  I knew she had come
once and was building again).  Rebecca was talking to herself, soft, low:
"please, please" as her hand was now flying on her still unseen pussy.  Her
nipples were hard as she roughly played with her breasts, squirming on the bed,
a woman in great heat. Suddenly, she looked right at me. A look of amazement
appeared on her face.  She shrieked and covered herself with her hands.

"Who are you? What are you doing in my bedroom?"

She sounded frightened.  Silence, as we stared at each other, not even
breathing.

Rebecca groaned.   "I don't care who you are. I need a cock in me. Please . . . 
fuck me," she whimpered. She turned to face us, lay back and brought her legs
up, open and wide. I was looking directly into that pussy she had hidden from me
all evening. It was plump, lips full, hairless, with honey dew glistening on it
and her upper thighs.

I ruined the trousers on an eight-hundred-dollar suit getting undressed. When I
buried my cock in her, she shrieked and came . . .  or, she was really a damn
good actress.

I had programmed myself to act natural.  Like any guy, I fought it and then
came, pumping her quivering cunt full of my cum as her legs held me tightly and
she crooned in my ear. As I lay gasping, softening in her, I felt Andy's hands
gently push me away. I plopped out as Andy knelt between Rebecca's legs.

Lying on my side, my cock soft and damp with girl juices mixed with mine, I was
watching a beautiful blonde greedily and happily eat my cum from the freshly
fucked pussy of an equally beautiful brunette.  Rebecca's long fingers, with
their pointed and painted nails, were wrapped in Andy's golden hair. I could
hear the slurp of Andy's mouth lapping Rebecca's pussy.  I could hear Rebecca's
tender, passionate moans of encouragement.  It was absolutely delightful.

Besides the enjoyment though, my mind dredged up the question of whether Andy
was so sex-crazed she would do anything right now, or, liked to eat pussy, or,
was doing it because she was crazy about my cum and wanted all she could get,
or, because she was programmed that way.

That is the bad part about the programming.  Motivational questions were always
in the back of my mind.  Now, let us not get too high brow and holy with this. I
would rather have it this way, and wonder, than not have it at all.

I never claimed to be a saint.  I was no saint as I watched Rebecca come again
as Andy ate her, or, as I fucked Andy doggy style with her face still in
Rebecca's pussy.  Or, as I watched Rebecca eat my cum from Andy's pussy. Or, as
I then fucked Rebecca . . .  you get the idea.  The three of us fell asleep in a
pile, exhausted, sweat soaked and delirious with pleasure.

That was not all Rebecca taught us.  Andy was an eager learner and that is what
really turned me on.

Delilah assigned Monica to us the next day.  Monica was a physical therapist by
day and high-priced call girl by night. She taught us the art of sensual
massage. Fortunately for me, Andy was athletic which meant her arms, shoulders
and hands were stronger than most women.  We both learned to give massages. Andy
said she enjoyed giving me one as much as I enjoyed receiving it.  Well, maybe
almost as much.

Then, Delilah took over our training herself.  We did game playing:
master-slave, whore- john, teacher-student, and any other thing we wanted.

One night, Delilah and Andy went to a very high-class bar.  They were dressed as
you would expect very high-class society women out to be picked up to dress.
They pretended not to know me when I came on to them.  Part of this game is that
I was not the only one trying to corral these two beautiful babes. There was a
line forming behind me and the bar had to assign one bartender full time just to
bring them all the free drinks.  If they had consumed all those drinks they were
given, they would have died of alcohol poisoning.

One key to the game is that the woman (women, in this case) cannot get carried
away by all the attention from all the men. Part of the game is for the woman to
be sexually aroused by all the attention.  But, part is for the man to be
aroused by being the "winner," the super stud selected by such a hot and
desirable woman. I am sure the game is sometimes played other ways by other
couples, but this is the way I wanted Andy and me to do it.  And, I knew I would
make damn sure she was programmed to play it my way.

Delilah and Andy tantalized and teased me (and every other single man in the
bar) for two hours before they agreed to go to my hotel room for a threesome. 
Even though we all knew how it would end, playing the game was very exciting and
delightful.  Again, Andy and another woman did a girl on girl for my enjoyment. 
And, I wondered.

One night, Andy dressed as a whore. Not a call girl, a street whore. With that
body, she was a knock out. She wore a black wig over her blonde hair, bright red
lipstick, too much makeup. She chewed gum like only a street whore would do. 
She had on a little tank top, a skirt which barely covered her pussy and thigh
high stockings that ended two inches below the skirt. She wore six inch heels.
She was prancing and dancing street side. Then, a car pulled up.

It was a limo with a major movie star in it. I will not say whom but Andy and I
were both impressed.

"How much, honey?" he asked.

"You a cop?" she said, popping her gum. He looked surprised, then angry.

"Everyone knows who I am!" he replied pompously. Andy was shifting her weight
from one foot to her next which thrust her hips back and forth sensuously.

"I don't remember faces, honey," she said, "but, I never forget a cock."

"I will give you five hundred."  She laughed at him.

"A thousand!"

I had been watching from the shadows. I stepped out and said,  "Two thousand."

Andy gave a slutty wiggle and said, "Come on, boys. This sweet pussy is worth
more than that."

"Three thousand," he said.

"I get that for a blow job," Andy replied.

"Thirty-five hundred," I said.

She laughed and said, "Cheapskate!"

The bidding got to ninety-five hundred. By that time, Andy was wild and I was
getting frustrated.

"Honey," the star said. "I will get you into the movies."

She squealed and jumped up and down. She turned to me.  "What can you do for me,
buster?" she said.

"I can love and marry you."

WHAT! I could not believe I said it.

"Don't tease me like that, Davy. That is not part of our game," she said softly. 
She had tears in her eyes, making her inch thick mascara start to run.

My brain was whirring.  With my natural inclination to non-commitment like all
men my age and the programing from Uncle Bert requiring me to think and analyze
clearly, I realized that if I said it, I really meant it from so deep down, it
was in my soul.

"I am not teasing. Will you marry me?"

She giggled. "Sure, buster, but you have to tell me your name."  Then, she
leaped on me, burying me in kisses.  The star looked at me in amazement.

"Fellow, that is a high price to pay for a whore."

"Not this one," I replied.

To be continued. . . .

Please! Give me your comments.





MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 11

Lisa

Andy and I, as part of our training mandated by Uncle Bert and given by Madame
Delilah who ran the best call girl service in the country, had been playing
whore-john on the streets of San Francisco.  Andy was dressed like a street
whore, not a classy call girl which is training we did with Rebecca, but a cheap
whore: tank top, super high heels, super short skirt, way too much makeup, and
chewing gum popping like machine gun fire.

When she was propositioned by a movie star (no, I will not reveal his name), the
star and I got in a bidding war for Andy's services.  There was never any doubt
she would leave with me but my final bid was a proposal of marriage. Andy leaped
on me, burying me in kisses, rubbing that wonderful body against me.

Since she was already my programmed and fully compliant sex kitten (remember, we
do not call them slaves), why, you may ask, did I propose?  I must admit I got
caught up in the moment, in the game we were playing and the bidding war.  But,
it was not really that. Uncle Bert had programmed me to always think clearly,
logically and deeply. I really thought about it, about Andy and having her
forever.

Once again, my lack of understanding as to how the programming worked impacted
my actions.  I wanted 100% of Andy, all of her, not just the ninety-eight or
ninety-nine per cent covered by Uncle Bert's programming. He had said that her
natural tendencies of a woman to love a man had been directed at me.  I wished
to insure that direction never changed.  And, I am sad to admit, I am still
something of a romantic. So, sue me, as Uncle Bert would say.


There I was, kissing Andy for all I worth in the middle of the street.  As I
looked around, the nearest place with beds was a seedy hotel where the real
street whores took their johns.  We ran to it.

This place looked like a set out of a bad B-grade Hollywood movie.  The term
flop house would be generous.  We stepped over a wino passed out in the doorway
to enter a shabby hallway with a single light bulb dangling from a broken
fixture. Andy had a death grip on my hand and her eyes were alive with fun and
desire.  The desk clerk, who may have been a throw back to the Neanderthal age,
eyed us suspiciously before giving me the key.  Reluctantly, he gave me one
clean sheet when I demanded it.

"Ready?" I said to Andy.

"No pay, no play, buster," she replied, holding out her hand, a slutty grin on
her face.   I gave her my Visa Gold and dragged her towards the stairs.

As we walked down the hall to our room, we could hear the moans of sex coming
from the rooms we passed.  The place reeked of sex and decay.  The room itself
contained one bed and one chair. I threw the clean sheet on the bed as Andy
stripped. We could hear a couple in the next room going at it, their bed
squeaking, the woman moaning as she acted out her part.

I commanded myself to stay hard and not ejaculate as I knee walked between her
open and raised legs.

As you remember, Andy is a screamer.  Uncle Bert had not programmed that. In
fact, he had given her specific commands which kept her quiet when she was
orgasming since Andy's screams could take the paint off the walls.   I gave her
no command of silence. In fact, I said, "Now, my sweet little whore, I want to
hear you scream."

She laughed as she wrapped those delightful legs around me and pulled me into
her.

"I don't think I can even sit up," Andy moaned.  She was exhausted as was I. We
were drenched in our own sweat, smelled of sex and had fucked ourselves to the
edge of unconsciousness.  We struggled to our feet and dressed. As she started
to put on her panties, I stopped her, extending my hand for her to give me the
panties. She turned a beet red.

"Davy, I am full of your spunk.  It will run down my leg.  Anyway, this skirt is
so short . . . You want me that way, don't you?"

"Yes."

"Okay. For you."

Shyly, she handed me her panties. I stuck them in my pocket so the end was
hanging out and visible.   As we left the room, the place was deathly quiet. 
The lobby, empty when we arrived, was full.  As Andy walked in, people started
to applaud. "Never heard a woman scream like before," one hooker said.  Andy had
screamed like a banshee. Everyone is the place knew she had been fucked.  Now,
they watched in awe of her sexuality when we left.  I could see Rebecca's effect
in Andy.  She walked like a queen going towards her throne.

Our two weeks in San Francisco was over and it had been almost six months since
Uncle Bert died. It was getting near Christmas.  I called my bank, transferred
money to San Francisco and bought a new Jaguar convertible. I was going to like
being rich. The Jag had a powerful eight cylinders and was a pleasure to drive.

Andy and I took a leisurely drive down the Pacific Coast Highway to LA.,
stopping at all the romantic places to romance. Having a loving, happy woman on
his arm is the greatest pleasure a man can have in life.  Andy was all I, or any
man, could ever want. That knowledge made me reconsider the whole damn treasure
hunt, but, only for a moment.

Andy had never seen the sights - Pebble Beach, Monterey, Big Sur, Morro Bay. -
so she marveled at what I have always believed is one of the most beautiful
places in the world.

When we arrived in LA, my parents were glad to see us. I knew immediately my
relationship with them had changed forever.  It was very strange at first
visiting with Charles, the man I thought was my father but I now knew not to be
my biological father although he had raised me as his son. Too complex. I just
continued calling him Dad. And Mom. I still could not imagine her naked and hot
under Uncle Bert.  I wished my sisters were in town. Since hearing Uncle Bert
had fucked all three of them, I knew I would see them in a new way, too.

Mom knew Andy was my special woman, but, after dinner that first night, she
said, "Lisa called. She would like to see you." Andy showed no response but she
had been programmed not to be jealous.

"Lisa? What did she say?" I asked innocently.

"She said she missed you and wanted to see you," Mom replied.

When Mom left to go in the kitchen, Andy knelt between my legs. "Who is Lisa,
sweetheart?" she asked.

"I thought you were not jealous, Andy. What's up?"

"Davy, I am not jealous. But, I do love you and I do not want to be left for
another woman."

I kissed her full lips. "I will never leave you. Whether I marry you or not, you
will be woman number one in my life."  She smiled, genuinely happy.

"That is all I need," she whispered as she kissed me hotly. She sat back, butt
to heels and gazed up at me.

"I know you will have sex with any other woman any time you want. I will never
be jealous. In fact, I will help seduce them, or I will participate or watch. I
know men need many woman while a woman can be happy with just one man.  I
understand the difference between men and women," she said smugly, thinking it
was all her idea.

I just smiled, wondering what her reaction would have been if Uncle Bert had not
programmed her. My guess was she would have scratched my eyes out by now, if she
was that gentle.

"I'll get it," Mother yelled, going to the door.

In a flash, Lisa was in the room. She froze and stared at the beautiful blonde
kneeling between my legs.

"Hi, Lisa," I said, rising to greet her. I leaned to give her a kiss on the
cheek. She grabbed my head and kissed me hard on the mouth but I could tell she
was angry  But, then, Lisa had always had a tendency to be a bitch which is why
I dropped her.

"Hello, David," she said with a cloying sweetness.  "Who is this?"

I introduced the two ladies. They were opposites in many ways. Andy was blonde,
blue eyed, hourglass figure, sweet, subservient, with a warm bubbling
personality. Lisa had cold black hair, emerald eyes, with a slim, muscular
athlete's body. She was bitchy, controlling and warm as a dead snake.  They were
both female, beautiful and intelligent. There were no other commonalties.

Mom and Dad joined us. We visited for about an hour, catching up on old times.
Andy and Lisa left the room together, going back in my bedroom for "girl talk",
Andy said. When Mom and Dad went to bed, I went to pop some corn and get sodas
from the kitchen.  When I returned, Lisa and Andy were on the couch, knees
touching, talking quietly and intently.  Lisa blushed and ran towards the
bathroom when she saw me. Andy helped me bring in the refreshments.

"Do you want her?" she asked.

Did I want Lisa? My former girlfriend.  "Why?" I asked.

"I think we can seduce her.  In fact, I think she can be broken and made
submissive to you. Like a slave, a real slave, not programmed like a kitten.  Do
you want her?"

Do you think this is a bit strange?  My lover, the woman I promised to marry
just a few nights ago, was offering to help me seduce and capture my former
girlfriend, take her as a slave. The idea was appealing to me. Lisa always did
make my motor run even if she was a bitch.

Then, I thought about Mary, who I really had not used effectively, and about
Mistress Diana, the Amazon dominatrix in New York, who I knew was my kitten (as
the programmed women were called by Uncle Bert). I did not even have time to
fuck Diana but twice in the two weeks we were in New York. (Sorry. Forget to
tell you about that.  Let your imagination fill you in what I did with a
six-three sex goddess with her own dungeon.)

I was very intrigued by the idea of having Lisa but I had plenty of women. The
way I calculated it, Uncle Bert had programmed 3,000 of them and I had met
three. Mind boggling!  I surprised myself with my answer but I wanted to find
that formula.  Honestly, I was not man enough to fuck 3,000 women in the next
year, let alone 3,001.

"No, Andy.  I do not want Lisa."

"All right. Just asking," she replied, sticking a handful of popcorn in her
mouth. She kissed me lightly on the lips, letting me taste the butter and salt. 
"I wonder if buttered cock is as good as buttered popcorn," she murmured.

Lisa rejoined us and we small talked for a few minutes. I could tell Lisa was
trying to build her courage to take the conversation in a new direction.  Andy
give me a questioning look.

"No," I mouthed to her. "Please," she mouthed back.  What was going on here? If
Andy was programmed to obey my orders, why was she continuing to want me to
pursue Lisa after I said no.  It did not make sense.  Or, maybe, it did. And,
Andy had said she knew she was programmed.  That was the first time she had
indicated that, although Mary had discussed it openly. Damn! I wish I knew how
the programming worked.

I excused myself and went to my room.  I called Mary, explained the situation
and asked for input. "Both Andy and I are programmed to find other women for
you, Davy. I have identified several here since you left."

"But, I told her no, Mary. Why is she continuing to pursue it?"

"She did not believe you.  Did you really mean no?"

Did I mean no?  Hell, I did not know what I meant.  "I am not sure," I said as
Mary waited patiently on the other end of the phone.

"This is the first woman Andy had tried to get for you.  I am sure it is very
important to her. Perhaps, if you are not sure, she should let Andy do it,  just
as encouragement for her."

That made sense, crazy, sexy sense.  It occurred to me as I thought that my cock
was hard.  That cock had wanted to make my decisions for me ever since I was
thirteen.  I let him make this one.   When I returned, Andy looked questioningly
at me. I gave her the thumbs up. She grinned knowingly.

Lisa let out a long sigh. She was going to ask her question if it killed her.

"So, what are you guys? Boyfriend and girlfriend? Engaged? What?"

Andy looked at her with a soft expression.  "We are master and kitten. He is my
master. I am his kitten which is what he calls his slaves, his sex slaves.  I
obey his every command."

I could see Lisa quiver as beads of sweat broke out on her upper lip.

"I don't believe you," Lisa croaked.

"Oh, it's true. In the last month, all at his command, I have dressed as a
whore, picked up a guy on the street and fucked him in a cheap hotel.  I dressed
as a call girl and fucked a guy in an expensive hotel."  Andy did not mention
the guy was me in both cases.

Andy leaned towards Lisa as if sharing a conspiracy.

"Here is the part you will really love, Lisa.  I was bound and blindfolded,
wearing only a collar, a G-string and thigh high boots with six inch heels.  My
body was oiled."  Andy shivered for effect.  "I can still feel his hands putting
the scented oil on me.  He led me by a leash to a party.  There he tied me to a
discipline horse.  About three hundred people were watching as I screamed,
begging him to fuck me in the ass, which he did, long and hard."

Lisa groaned.  Andy winked at me.

"Wouldn't you love that, Lisa?  Don't you want to have his collar around your
neck? To obey his every command?"

"NO," Lisa gasped.

"No? That surprises me, Lisa.  Bondage, slavery is so absolutely delicious for a
woman. It is unbelievably sexy to have no shame, no guilt, no remorse or
responsibility.  You do not have to worry 'shall I do that' or 'what would my
mother say'. Your only thought is: 'follow my master's commands and enjoy the
sex'."

Lisa was so sexually aroused at this point I thought she would pop.

"You are a liar!" she snapped at Andy.

"Apologize!"  I barked at her.

Lisa seemed dazed as she looked at me.

"You heard me, Lisa. Apologize or I will pull your panties down and spank your
bare bottom until you will not be able to sit down!"

"David, you have never spoken to me like that before," she replied, her voice
small and submissive.

"Apologize now, Lisa!"

"Lisa," Andy snapped, drawing attention.  "Don't apologize. Make him spank you!"

"He won't spank me," Lisa said, her voice betraying her words.

"Oh, yes, he will.  And, the heat of his hard hand on your soft ass will send
electrical charges right to your pussy. You will love it, Lisa. Make him spank
you!"

Tears of frustration fell down Lisa's cheeks.  Her eyes flickered between Andy
and me as she tried to decide what to do.  Andy slipped to the floor in front of
her, her hands on Lisa's knees.  As she gently pushed, Lisa's knees opened wide.

"Make him spank you!  You know that is what you want!"

Lisa was red faced as she said, "I will not apologize."

I stood and she flinched, pulling away in fear.  I walked into the bedroom.

I heard Andy say, "Oh, no, he is angrier than I thought. Follow me! You must
please him!"

As I went into the bathroom, Andy was saying, "Hurry! Strip! Then, follow my
lead!"

When I returned, Andy and Lisa were naked and kneeling on the floor the way
Mistress Diana had taught Andy: ankles crossed, butt to heels, knees spread,
back straight, eyes down turned, hands on thighs with palms up.

If you think this did not excite me, you are crazy.

"Master, forgive me," Andy pleaded. "Don't make her suffer because of me. Spank
her, please, master!"

I glared at Lisa. "Do you wish to be spanked?"

She nodded, confusion, desire and bewilderment all evident in her face.

"Don't nod! Beg! Be specific!"

"M.. m.. master, please spank me!"

To be continued . . .

Please! Give me your comments.





MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 12

Lisa's Submission

There I was in my own bedroom in the house where I grew up.  Andy, my kitten of
six months, was naked and kneeling at my feet.  Since she had been programmed by
Uncle Bert to be my kitten (as he called his female slaves), this was no
surprise. Lisa, the bitch I had dated who was unprogrammed, was naked, kneeling
beside Andy.  Lisa was begging me to spank her. What was going on? My cock was a
rock.  He thought he knew exactly what was happening.

As I thought about it, I realized Lisa always had this submissive streak. I
never realized it before. But, the training we had a Mistress Diana's allowed
Andy to see it right away.  Or, maybe it was the programming. I wandered off in
thought about the programming as the two naked women waited patiently.

"I don't spank just anybody, Lisa.  They must be someone very special to me."

"I want to be special to you, Davy . . .  I mean, master.  I have always wanted
to be special to you."

"Will you be my slave?"   "Yes, master."  "My slut?"  "Yes, master. Please." "Is
your pussy wet?"

Lisa turned beet red but did not look away, holding my gaze shamelessly.
"Flooding, master, like it never has before."

I grabbed Lisa's hair, pulling it back to raise her face. She gasped and her
mouth opened as I leaned to kiss her.  It was a long, demanding kiss.

"You are special to me, Lisa. I am happy you want to belong to me. But, you will
have to earn your spanking."

This whole scenario had been very confusing to Lisa. Driven by her own deep need
to be dominated and exacerbated by the strongest sexual desire she had ever
experienced, her mind was reeling that she would have to beg to be punished. 
Now, she had been told she would have to earn it.

"What do you wish of me?" she asked, too far gone to stop now . . . or, ever.

"Suck my cock, slave!"

Lisa and I had dated for three years. She had a few times taken my cock in her
mouth, all the time fighting my urging for her to suck it.  Now, she started
blinking as the two parts of her mind . . .  natural and sexual versus
environmental and non-sexual . . .  fought for dominance in her.

"Yes, master," she said, opening her mouth.

"Wait." I sat down, then, instructed Andy to teach Lisa how to suck cock. Andy
was a good cock sucker. No, Andy was a great cock sucker.  I found out she was a
good teacher, also. Since I can hold back forever, I did, enjoying the two
beautiful women at my feet and their strenuous efforts at pleasing me.

How can I describe this?  Picture a wet dream, centerfold-type blonde, naked, on
her knees, sweetly and competently explaining to a beautiful brunette with a
lean and athletic type body, who is also naked and on her knees, the best way to
suck your cock.  You are leaning back on the bed, propped up on your arms,
smiling down at them as they nestle between your legs.  Got that picture!  Go
with it!

Lisa was exhausted. She had valiantly sucked and slurped until her jaw hurt.
Andy gave me a glance confirming my evaluation of Lisa.

"Slut Lisa, I am going to cum in your mouth."

She nodded, since my cock in her mouth kept her from speaking. I instructed my
programmed cock to shoot a little. I saw Lisa gag but swallow.

"Good, baby," Andy whispered in her ear.  Again, a little and she swallowed
without gagging this time.

"Now, me, please, master," Andy said.

"No. I want it all," Lisa said, surprising both of us.  She got her wish, as I
let myself empty my balls.  Cum oozed around my cock onto her lips and chin. 
Andy licked her clean.

"Very good, slut, for your first time."

"Thank you, master," she replied.  I was amazed how 'master' just seemed to flow
from her.

"You have earned your spanking. Lay across my lap."  Eagerly, Lisa crawled
across my lap.  Andy sat in front of Lisa, holding Lisa's wrists in her hands.

"I know you are going to love this," she said with a grin.

It was a spanking meant to create sexual need and the desire to have more
spankings. The swats were clean, crisp, but not that hard. I spaced them,
rubbing her ass, letting my hand caress her pussy between each blow.  I could
feel her juices run down on my leg. Still, after ten, her ass was red and hot to
the touch. Tears fell from her eyes.

"Do you want to be fucked now, Lisa, my slut?"

"Yes. Please fuck me!"

I had believed Lisa did not orgasm easily. In fact, sometimes I knew she faked
it. This time, she was a hot, sweating, whimpering, squirming slut as I pounded
her poor pussy unmercifully.  She had at least four orgasms as she begged me to
fuck her harder.  I had her arms pinned above her head at the end, my legs
trapping hers up and out as I rammed into her.  She shrieked and arched, cumming
one last time before she passed out.

With Lisa out cold on the bed, I pulled Andy to me.  We gently made love before
going to sleep.

We were all sitting in the kitchen drinking coffee, which my father made each
morning from freshly ground 100% Columbian beans.  Mom had been cooking waffles
and we were eating away.  If Mom and Dad were surprised to find Lisa had spent
the night with us, they did not show it.

I wondered if Uncle Bert had programmed them to be totally accepting of anything
sexual I did.  It was obvious we had sex. Both the girls looked well fucked. For
the first time in my life, I thought a saw a sexual expression on my father's
face.  He looked envious of me and desirous of them.

"Andy and I are going back to Colorado today," I said.

"Oh, why, honey? We do not get to see enough of you," Mom replied.

Lisa's eyes were boring into me.

"We need to get back to Mary and get ready for Christmas. There is so much to
do.  You know Uncle Bert left me some instructions about projects he was working
on he wanted me to complete."

"Your father and I are both excellent scientists and I am a biochemist, if you
need any help," Mom said as she shoveled another waffle on my plate.

"Who is Mary?" Lisa whispered to Andy.

"My mother. She was Bert's mistress. Now, she belongs to Davy."

"Oh," Lisa said, trying to digest this new information.

"How many of you are there, Andy?"

"Just mom and me.  Want to make it three?"  I could see Lisa thinking.

"In fact, Bert and I often talked about chemistry. We would take two or three
days together to have long brain sessions.  I know I learned a lot at those
times and always came back refreshed," Mom said, giving Dad another waffle.

"Brain sessions," I thought. "You mean fucking sessions."

I now knew how Uncle Bert got Mom away when he wanted to fuck her.  Uncle Bert
was sharp. We chattered with small talk until time for Andy and me to get
packed. Lisa tagged along.

"Please, Davy, master.  Are you going to invite me to come with you?" Lisa's
eyes were wide.  She was afraid of  losing the two people who finally gave her
full and complete orgasms, releasing her sexuality. Earlier, Andy had laid out
her plan and I had agreed.  It was obvious Lisa had strong bisexual tendencies
even if Andy's were programmed.  And, Lisa was so submissive she ached.

"Lisa, do you want to come live with us?" Andy said, her claw gently teasing
Lisa's breast.  Poor Lisa nodded eagerly and pathetically.  "Here is the deal.
You will belong to me. I will be your mistress. You will be my pet. Understand,
I have a master, too. So, you will also belong to him as well as to me.  You
will have no rights. You will be given to anyone we wish for sex or any other
service. We expect complete obedience. Do you wish to be our bitch? Our pet? Our
slave? A complete and total slut for us?"

Lisa eagerly agreed.

As we were ready to leave, a thought shot through my head.

The man I called father, whose name was Charles and was my mother's husband, was
not my father but the brother of my natural father, whose name was Bert and I
called Uncle Bert.  Uncle Bert said my mother was hot in bed but I had never
seen her look vaguely hot.  Uncle Bert had also fucked my three sisters, who
were really only my half- sisters, since Charles was really their father and
Bert was really their Uncle.  Anyway, I called Charles Dad since he was the guy
who raised me (except for summers when I lived with Bert) but Charles took me to
the doctor and attended school plays and came to my sporting events, like a real
dad is suppose to do.

This could get confusing.  The thought was: was Dad getting enough? I had seen
how he had looked at me with two hot, freshly fucked women at my side. I asked
to speak to my mother alone.

"Do you prefer sirloin or tube steak?" I asked.  I saw her eyes glaze over as
she started the trance. "It depends on the chef?" she replied. For just an
instant, I wondered what it would like to fuck my mother.  But, that is not what
I had in mind. Not now, anyway.

"What does your pussy prefer?"

"It prefers following your commands."  I waited.  She was only the second woman,
Mistress Diana being the other,  I had put in a trance. I was not sure how she
would react. Diana had kneeled before me.  Mom just stood there quietly.

"How often do you and Charles have sex?"

"Bert programmed me to only let Charles have sex twice a month. Bert was mad at
him."

I was shocked.  It was the first time I knew of Uncle Bert had been cruel, and
to his own brother.

"Why was Bert mad at Charles?"

"Charles thought Bert was not nice enough to Cathy. They argued about it." Nice
enough?  If Dad only knew Uncle Bert loved fucking Cathy and Cathy was one of
his favorites, he would not have been so concerned.  Or, maybe, he would have
been more concerned.

"Mom, this is a command.  You are to give Charles all the sex he wants anytime
he wants.  You will be very sexy with him.  Do you have any women friends
Charles would like and that you could help him seduce?"

"Yes.  Several."

"Good.  You will help Charles identify and seduce women. You will be very loving
and supportive of all his affairs.  You will join them in threesomes if Charles
wants you to. Your goal is to make him the best fucked man in LA. Understand?"

"Yes. I understand."

"Alice." I called her real name, ending the trance.

"What did you want, dear?" she asked, sounding like a Mom again.

"Nothing. It is time for me to go."

I gave her a big hug.  When I got outside, I gave Dad a big hug, which surprised
him a little.

"Merry Christmas, Dad."

"Merry Christmas, son," he said, shaking my hand.  If he only knew the present I
gave him.

I gave the keys to the Jaguar to Dad.  A stud like he was going to be would need
a hot car.  The limo took the three of us to LAX for the flight to Denver.  As
instructed, Lisa was wearing a dog collar with a tag saying she belonged to
Andy.  Andy,  being Andy, was not a strong mistress and the two girls were
becoming friends as they chatted on the plane.  We picked up the Bronco at the
airport.

Before we headed into the mountains, I had one stop to make: a tattoo parlor. 
Lisa was on her back. Andy was holding her arms down, looking into her face and
blocking her view of what was happening.  Lisa's dress and panties had been
removed. She was not wearing a bra on Andy's orders, so she was naked. Her legs
were together and I was holding them down.

"Please, mistress, tell me again what is happening?" Lisa asked.

"We are having a ring put through the hood of your clit to let you cum more
easily, little pet," Andy replied, sounding like she was talking to a retarded
person. Andy leaned over Lisa to kiss her long and sweet.

The tattoo guy eyed me.

"They belong to you," he asked enviously.

"The blonde belongs to me.  The brunette belongs to the blonde."

He shook his head.  "No need to ask if you are going to have a Merry Christmas,"
he said as he punctured Lisa's clit hood.  I think it worked. Lisa orgasmed on
the way to the house just from the Bronco bouncing along.

Christmas would be here in two weeks.

To be continued . . .

Please! Give me your comments.





MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 13 (MC, MF++,Cons)

Home Again

After stopping at the tattoo parlor where I had a gold ring inserted through
Lisa's clit hood,  Andy, Lisa and I drove in the Bronco from the Denver airport
to the ranch north of Glenwood Springs which I had inherited from Uncle Bert. It
was a cold, clear, crisp Colorado day, with the sun bright in the sky with we
arrived about three in the afternoon.

Andy and I were glad to be home.  We had been gone a month, training in New York
with Mistress Diana, the Amazon dominatrix, and in San Francisco with Delilah,
America's leading madame.  When we stopped in LA to see my parents, we had added
Lisa, my formerly bitchy girlfriend but now our slave, as a member of our little
community.  I should point out that Lisa was submissive and willingly agreed to
be my slave.  Mary, Andy and the 3,000 others had been programmed by Uncle Bert
using a secret mind control drug to be slaves.  We did not call them slaves,
however. We called the programmed women kittens.

Mary came running out of the door when I pulled up in front and blared the truck
horn. It was bedlam as we all greeted each other.   Mary, Andy's mother, Bert's
mistress and my kitten, had been holding down the fort while we were gone.  I
had arranged for Mary to have everything ready to go to Aspen. She had already
taken a load of necessaries down, purchased groceries and opened the house for
our arrival. The four of us loaded what we needed to take in the Bronco, locked
the ranch house and headed back on the road.

The conversation as we traveled was mostly about what had happened in Colorado
in our absence (nothing worth relating except Mary found a few women for me) and
what adventures Andy and I had while we were gone. You have already read those
but Lisa and Mary had not heard them so we regaled them with our adventures. Of
course, I did not tell them everything, like the Christmas present I gave my
father.  I thought about him and wondered how he was doing now that his darling
wife (my mother) was programmed to make him the best fucked man in LA.

I was eager to explore what Mary knew about the programming but I did not bring
it up in front of Lisa. Since she was not programmed, I wanted her to know
nothing about it.

I thought about what I needed to do next.

Uncle Bert had left me a three-part assignment to complete before I was to
receive the next clue in my treasure hunt to recreate the formula of his mind
control drug discovery.  I had done all my required reading, which was part one. 
Andy and I had spent two weeks learning B&D with Mistress Diana in New York and
two weeks honing our regular sex skills with Madame Delilah in San Francisco
which was part two of the assignment.

I had not yet completed the third part of the assignment.  I had to seduce ten
women in both  Aspen and Vail, take them three ways and then either get them
into B&D or video them.  I hoped it would be easy to find, fuck and photograph
twenty women, ten in Aspen and ten in Vail. Not that I minded the assignment,
but I was more eager to get the formula for the drug and learn how the women I
already had were programmed.

We parked the vehicle in the garage of the Aspen house and started unloading. 
Mary had made some homemade lasagna and left it in the freezer when she opened
the house earlier in the week.  I left Andy in charge of dinner with Lisa as her
assistant.  They started making the salad and heating the lasagna. They put the
garlic bread in the oven and opened the Chianti.  I asked to speak to Mary
alone.

Mary threw herself in my arms.  Mary is an older version of Andy and every bit
as enjoyable, the Rolls to Andy's Porsche. I pulled her into me with my ass on
her hard, lush ass. She ground her pelvis against my hardening cock as we kissed
hungrily.

"I have missed you," I said.

"Not like I have missed you. I hope you are as horny as I am.  I need to be
fucked long and hard."

"Tonight. But, first, we need to talk about Lisa and her training.  Andy is too
sweet.  Lisa will need a harder hand."

Mary's eyes were bright, floodlights of desire, as a devilish grin broke across
her face.

"Let me do it."

"I thought you were submissive."

"I am both.  I want to be submissive to you but I would love to dominate Lisa. 
I can train her just like you want her, Davy."

"Okay.  She is yours. Tell me, how did you like Mistress Diana?"

"Migod, I would love to make that bitch goddess my sub. Think of it. As dominant
as she is . . .  to break her.  Oh, Davy . . .  Bert would never let me do it. 
He let Diana do whatever she wanted with me and she did plenty. I loved it, but
pay backs are fun.  To get even, to break her, oh, Davy, please."

"No need to ask.  As soon as things have settled down a little, I will have
Diana visit us here."

"No. In Vail.  That is where our dungeon is.  I want her in a dungeon."

The thought of breaking Diana had us both so hot, we could not stand it. I
yanked down her ski pants, pushed her on her knees and fucked her doggy style
there in the living room. I let myself come naturally as she orgasmed again and
again on my cock.  After I shot in her, I realized Andy and Lisa were watching
us.  Andy had a sly, knowing smile. Lisa looked dazed.

It was a lovely, family dinner, just like your family, I am sure.  There was me,
head of the household, sitting at the head of the table, enjoying a wonderful,
home-cooked meal and some fabulous female companionship.  There was Mary,
sitting at my right, looking relaxed and well fucked. She was wearing a powder
blue ski skin, tight over her luscious body.  There was Andy, sitting at my
left, looking sweet and loving.  She was wearing a midnight blue ski skin, tight
over her luscious body.  There was Lisa, naked and collared, kneeling by my
side, waiting for any instruction, serving as our waitress. Isn't that your
typical family dinner?

I told Lisa to clean up while Mary, Andy and I went into the living room.  I
took my big easy chair and had the two of them kneel at my feet.

"Tell me about your programming Andy," I asked in a neutral, conversational
tone.

"What are you talking about?" she replied innocently.

Good. She knew nothing about her programming, as I believed. Mary was waiting
with bated breath.

"Why do you always have sex with the other women I am with? Do you enjoy it?"

"Oh, Davy.  I enjoy everything sexual with you.  Just tell me what you want or
don't want. If you tell me to fuck every man I meet from eight to eighty, I will
do it happily. If you tell me to enter a convent, I will do it happily.  I enjoy
what you want me to enjoy. I am happy obeying your wishes."  She straightened to
hold my face in her hands, so soft and warm, as she kissed me gently and
lovingly.

"That makes me very happy, Andy. Then, you understand. No sex with any male
ever, unless I tell you differently. No sex with any female unless you are with
me."

"Of course, sweetheart," she said as she kissed me again.

I wanted to make sure Andy understood the rules I wanted for her.  With a prize
that special, a man cannot be too careful.  She may have been programmed not to
be jealous but I was not.  I wanted her to be just for me.  So, sue me.

When I saw Lisa watching us from the doorway,  I called her to join us. Lisa
knelt in front of me as Mary and Andy moved aside to let her enter.  I carefully
explained to Lisa, she now belonged to Mary and was to obey her every command.
"Yes, sir," was her only response.  As Mary led Lisa away, the stress of the
last few weeks, the altitude change and the wine all kicked in.  I barely made
it to bed before I crashed.

I awoke alone.  It was the first time that had happened since the day Andy
handcuffed me to the table and fucked my eyes out, which was the day I met her.
I struggled out of bed and found the shower.  As I stood under the hot water, a
female hand holding a cup of hot coffee extended into the shower stall.  Hard to
beat the service, I will tell you.  As I dressed, I smelled sausage cooking. 
Breakfast was on the table when I entered the dining room.

It was midmorning.  The three of them had already eaten and were ready for the
day. Mary whispered she wanted a few things from the Vail house, specifically
bondage gear to use on Lisa.  I wanted Lisa and Andy gone so I could talk to
Mary, so, I sent them to Vail.

Finally, I had Mary alone so I could talk to her about programming. Once again,
Uncle Bert had anticipated what I would want.  I sat in my easy chair, my Coke
in my hand. Mary knelt between my legs.  She told me not to touch her as her
eyes got that vacant, trance stare.

"Hello, Davy.  It is Dad again, or do you still think of me as Uncle Bert?"

Mary's voice sounded hoarse, stuffy, which it had not sounded just a moment
before. She sneezed.

"Damn. I have a terrible cold.  I need to get this programming done, cold or no
cold. Since Mary will repeat everything exactly like she hears it, you will hear
me sniffle and sneeze.  Just put up with it and excuse me.  Now, the
programming. You could not access this message unless you had asked Mary to
explain the programming to you.  All of the women except Mary, Andy and Mistress
Diana were programmed identically.  All of them will go through the trance
initiation sequence. Then, they will be totally open to whatever order you give
them.  I mean whatever.  Anything.  They will fuck you at halftime of the Super
Bowl.  They will bear your child if they still can have children.  They will
literally kill for you.  All of their free will is superceded by the
programming. This is why the drug is so dangerous. What would happen, for
example, if a thousand men were programmed to be assassins?  They would be
unstoppable.  No one has been programmed for anything except being open for
programming. There are no assassins out there and I do not want any.  I am, or,
rather I was when I was alive, a lover not a killer.

Diana, Andy and Mary are programmed differently.  Diana was programmed to
override your instructions until your B&D training was complete.  Now, she is
programmed like the rest of them.

Andy is programmed to be sexually responsive to you without being put into a
trance. For example, if you wish her to seduce two troops of Boy Scouts, tell
her and she will. She will believe with all her being that seducing Boy Scouts
in her favorite activity.  I programmed her to help you find and seduce women,
to eagerly capture all your ejaculations for herself and to enjoy the women you
are with. You can put her in a trance as you do the others to override any
programming by me.

Mary's programming is the most complex. There are many messages in her which can
only be released at various trigger points.  Do not try to make her give them to
you early. She also knows she has been programmed, knows Andy and the others
have, and, has been programmed to release information to you on a need-to-know
basis.  In other words, she had been programmed to assist you by using her own
decision making abilities to give you information when you need it whether you
have accessed a message from me or not.  In fact, on a few occasions, her own
belief that you need to know will cause her to go into a trance and deliver a
message from me.  In summary, Mary's programming allows her free will to exist
in certain ranges or areas of activity.

Andy and Mary have been cross programmed with certain information in case, God
forbid, something happens to the other.

Feel free to ask Mary questions about her programming when she is out of the
trance. Realize, however, her responses are, to a considerable extent,
programmed and the information she can release is programmed. So, do not be
harsh with her if she is unresponsive.  (Sniffle, sniffle).  Mary is programmed
to give you specific instructions on wording after you have discovered the
formula.

By the way, have you fucked her ass yet? She loves it!  (Sneeze! Sneeze!) Damn,
I need to go.  Take care. I love you."

Mary's head dropped to her chest as she became quiet.  I called her name. She
shivered, awakened, smiling passively as I helped her to the bed, where she was
quickly asleep.  I got a peanut butter sandwich, some chips and another Coke.  I
was still in my chair an hour later when I heard soft steps behind me.

To be continued. . . .

Please! Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com






MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 14 (MF++, fun)

A Quiet Day

We were in Aspen with Christmas less than two weeks away.  It was the first time
I had been in the Aspen house since I inherited it from Uncle Bert except for
the brief time  I spent looking for the love letters. Remember, the nun in Santa
Fe told me about them. Those letters were a clue to the formula that was my
treasure hunt.

Wanting to get Andy and Lisa out of the way so I could be alone with Mary, I
sent them to Vail to retrieve some things from my house there.  While they were
gone, Mary had given me another message from Uncle Bert about the programming. 
It was an confounding message, leaving more questions than it answered,
particularly as to Mary's use of her free will in conjunction with her
programming.

Going into a trance drains my kittens. After giving me the message, Mary had
taken her post trance nap.  An hour or so later, I was sitting in my easy chair
thinking about the programming when I heard soft footsteps behind me. Her hands
were on my shoulders, then slipped to cover my eyes.

"Guess who it is and win the fucking of a lifetime," she whispered in my ear.

"Joan of Arc?"

"Close enough," she murmured as she sat across my lap. She was naked which is a
treat in and of itself.  She put her arms around my neck.  I could see the warm,
loving smile in her eyes before she kissed me.

Have I said enough about kissing, about touching, feeling, caressing,
tantalizing, cuddling, fondling, embracing?  Probably not.  It is hard (no pun
intended) to say too much about the feelings a man and woman get from the loving
fellowship of libidos. Mary was a wonderful, delicious woman, soft where she
should be soft, but with a thick torso from years of physical exercise, a
strength surprisingly great yet feminine, a feel devine. I was enjoying just
enjoying her, with no time requirement.  Her hands were gentle as she began to
unbutton my shirt, never letting her lips leave mine. My hands were roaming over
her, feeling every inch they could.  Delightful!

We stood to get my shirt off, continuing to hold each other and kiss as she
unfastened my belt. My hands slipped down her back to cup the cheeks of her ass.
My finger tips slipped in the crack between her cheeks to pull her to me. She
gave me a tiny smile before slipping to her knees to pull down my boxers.  I
felt her mouth warm around my cock. "Let's go to the bedroom," I said.

It had been a month since I had Mary.  That was too long.  Sometimes sex is
wild, sometimes gentle.  So far it has never been boring, as some have said it
is. Today, we were lazy and soft. We fucked and slept the day away, leaving the
bed only when necessary. The relaxation and stimulation was increditable. We
were there when Andy and Lisa returned.  I felt their presence at the door.

"See, Lisa. I knew they were getting rid of us so they could fuck," I heard Andy
say.  Andy was only partly right.  I really wanted to talk to Mary more about
her programming, but she was so soft, so warm, so . . .  oh, hell, you
understand.

Man cannot live by nookie alone.  Mary was a superb cook.   She was teaching
Andy and Lisa, cooking a marvelous dinner using the shrimp and crab Andy had
bought at the fish market on her way home.  After dinner, we went into the
living room where I had built a big fire in the fireplace.

I plopped down on the layered, animal-skin, rugs Uncle Bert had in each of his
houses. My mother and my sisters were active anti-fur activists, so, at first, I
was horrified by the fur rugs.  Uncle Bert had explained the minks used were
ranch mink, raised and sold by farmers who made their living that way.  Those
furs were no more objectionable than the leather in clothes and shoes, or the
feathers in down jackets. And, Uncle Bert was very careful never to buy any furs
from an animal that was not farm raised.

The big rug under me was sheepskins stitched together.  The covering rugs were
comforters made of mink.   I felt a hand on my leg.  It was Mary, bracing
herself as she sat beside me and handed me a glass of Cabernet.  She was naked
again.  I felt breasts boring into my back and the heat of a woman.  Andy kissed
the nape of my neck.

Lisa, naked also, knelt before me.  Her eyes were bright and shiny, with the
flickering light of the fire winking off the chrome buckle of the collar around
her neck.  Her fingers went to the top button of my shirt.  "May I?" she asked.
I nodded yes.  Andy massaged the muscles of my neck as Lisa unbuttoned my shirt.

"Slowly, Lisa.  Very slowly."

She smiled shyly, her face telling me she was eager to please.  Mary's hand was
rhythmically moving back and forth along my upper thigh as Lisa leaned to kiss
me.  I felt Andy's lips on the side of my neck as Lisa's lips touched mine.  We
kissed as she continued the slow undoing of my shirt.  Mary took my arm,
unbuttoning one sleeve button as Lisa pulled the shirt from my pants and Andy
unbuttoned the other sleeve.  I felt Andy's nails scrape across my shoulders as
she eased the shirt off me.

Mary and Andy gently pushed, guiding me until I lay flat.  Four soft, feminine
hands caressed me as Lisa began unbuckling my belt.  As I raised my hips so Lisa
could get my jeans off, Mary kissed me, her hand tugging my hair, and Andy
gently suckled my nipple as her nails traced circles around my navel.

Of course, you know it, but it is worth saying.  My cock was standing at
attention. Lisa's hand wrapped around the shaft.  Her lips engulfed the head as
Mary whispered in my ear, "Want us to please you?"

"Yes, baby.  Make it last all night."

You should really try it sometime. Be totally passive. You can lose your mind
floating in the sensory overload as smells and feels and touch numb your brain. 
Let your lover do everything as you remain inert, a willing vessel to be filled
with the desire of your amour. If you have three amours, all the better.

Hours later, my cock now limp and exhausted, I drifted to sleep, warmed by three
women hot against me under a mink blanket, the crackling of the dying fire the
only sound except for our breathing.

To be continued. . . .

Please! Give me your comments.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com






MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 15 (MC, everything)

Learning From Mary

Something smooth and damp was rubbing my nose as I slept on my back.  I was in
that groggy, disoriented state when you first awaken from a deep, sound sleep,
not knowing where you are or how you got there.  When I tried to shake my head,
I could not. Something was on each side of it, trapping me.  My eyes popped open
to see a hairless pussy close up. As my eyes focused, they traveled up the
smooth, tight muscles of a female stomach past large, firm breasts with erect
nipples to rest on a devilish grin below bright blue eyes.

"Good morning, sweetheart.  Are you ready to get up?" Andy said impishly. She
wiggled backward, dragging her pussy from my mouth down my body, tantalizing me
all the way until it rested on my soft cock, where it gently rocked.  She kissed
me hungrily, her breasts caressing my chest.

I smelled hot, fresh brewed coffee which is an addiction my father (Charles, not
Bert) gave to me many years ago at home, where we all started our day that way.
As Andy helped me sit up,  Lisa knelt beside me.  "Good morning, Davy," she
said, kissing me before handing me the mug.  She licked her lips after tasting
Andy on my mouth and her eyes flicked to Andy, who winked at her.

As I sipped the coffee, they both started talking at once.  Not nagging, talking
in an excited chatter about what we were going to do today.  Can we ski?  Can we
shop?  That sort of thing.  They were happy and delightful, like two morning
song birds serenading me.

When Mary called us to breakfast,  I wrapped the mink rug around me like a king
with his royal robes before I lumbered into the breakfast room. The waffles were
steaming hot, the bacon crisp, the maple syrup thick and sweet.  I ate like a
horse.  Sex and high altitude both make me hungry.  Living in Aspen with three
wild women made me ravenous.

We were in Aspen to complete part of the assignment from Uncle Bert, which was
to seduce and fuck ten women.  Andy and Lisa were haranguing me, begging and
cajoling to let them go skiing.  I wanted them out of the way so I could address
my assignment, so I agreed to their great joy.

Ski clothes, like all clothes for women, come in various kinds, styles and
materials. What Andy and Lisa wore were matching one piece jump suits in skin
tight lyrca spandex emphasizing their legs and asses. The jump suit front ended
under the breasts and straps from the front over the shoulders pushed the
breasts in.  They looked like wet dreams clomping towards the lifts.  Mary was
leaning against me, her arm around my waist.  I held Mary's hand as we walked
back inside.

"You know what my assignment is?"  I was standing in the kitchen, munching an
apple as she puttered.

"Yes. Ten women, three ways, photographed or into B&D."

"Mary, do you think swapping qualifies as a way to seduce women?"

"Of course." She gave me a slutty grin as she thrust one hip out.  "Going to use
me as trade bait?"

"Would you like that?"

"Whatever you want is fine with me, Davy.  You know that."

"Is that programming or your free choice?"

She smiled softly.  "Both.  Before I met Bert, I would fuck anyone I wanted
anytime I wanted and I wanted a lot.  Bert controlled who I fucked, but let me
enjoy a lot.  Funny though. After I met him, I was happy fucking only him. Now,
I am happy with you."

"How about Andy?"

"She is strongly programmed to be only for you.  I...."  She flinched, eyes wide
and startled, as if she had received a electrical shock.  She stood without
speaking, staring at me.

"Conflict between programming and your will?"  She said nothing and her
expression did not change.  I was sure Uncle Bert had programmed her to not
reveal some information and to keep other information secret until some trigger
point was achieved. A good part of my frustration was not knowing all I wanted
to know. I decided to try a direct order.

"I order you to answer my question completely."

Her eyes blinked rapidly and her body relaxed. She gave me a wan little smile.

"Yes. I am in conflict."

"How?"

"Bert left me with free will. Some free will, anyway.  He programmed me over
fifty times, adjusting the relationships in my mind."  She put down the dish
cloth, walked to me and took my hands in hers.

"I am a mother, Andy's mother.  Bert wanted to take that away from me. He was
afraid my maternal instincts would override my programming.  I begged him to let
me be Andy's mother, to enjoy those special feelings a mother has for a
daughter.  He told me he left those feelings in me."

"Mary, I order you to always tell me what you, as her mother, believe best for
Andy." Tears formed in her eyes, with one large drop escaping to run down her
lovely cheek.

"Thank you, Davy. I appreciate that more than you will ever know."  She raised
up on tip toes to gentle kiss me on the lips.

"I would like to see her be only for you, Davy. That is what is best for her.
Her programming is too strong, particularly since it reinforces her own nature.
Having someone else would devastate her even more than an unprogrammed woman."

"That makes sense.  I thought  Andy was programmed that way.  But, Mary, I am
surprised by the way you feel.  I never thought of you as a mother, I guess.
And, I am surprised Uncle Bert programmed you the way he did.  Why did he leave
you with these incongruities?"

"I asked him to leave that one.  Others he left for his own purposes. When he
found a woman he wanted to program, he gave them the potion without them knowing
it. All but me.  By accident, I found out he was programming women.  When I
asked him if he had programmed me, he told me he had not, but that he planned to
do it.  I loved him, Davy.  I gave him permission. I willingly let him program
me, control me."

"It is not programming then."

"Yes, it is.  Before, I would do anything he asked because I loved him and
wanted to please him.  It became programming when I drank the chemical. Now, I
cannot change."

"Was Andy's programming the same?"

"No.  She was programmed without her knowledge to belong to you only.  Well, to
you and Bert, but he is dead, so it is just you now."

"The others?"

"Very simply, actually. He would tell them they would be totally obedient,
totally uninhibited sexually and have an uncontrollable desire to please him.
They were also programmed to respond the same way to you.  And, their
programming is designed so the power to control them is transferrable to others,
men and women."

"Interesting.  You mean I can tell one of these women she belongs to another man
and she was accept it?"

"Yes, if she has been programmed."

"How do I tell her?"

"I cannot reveal that now. It will be sometime later."

"Will you point out women to me that are programmed?"

"Yes."  She gave me a wicked grin and leaned against me. "Not one of them will
fuck you as well as I do, but, if you want variety . . . "

"Oh, think you are the best?"

"Let me show you."

As we walked to the bedroom, my mind was reeling over what she had said.  We
humans are such complex creatures.  She confirmed the 3,000 kittens out there,
who would spread their legs on command, had received relatively simple
instructions when they were programmed.  But, Mary's programming was obviously
quite complex. If nothing else, the complexity revealed how much Uncle Bert
really cared for her because it would have been so much easier to have made her
a robot.

And, Mary. She readily gave up control of her own sexuality and destiny but
fought to maintain her identity as Andy's mother. Strong instincts indeed.  Only
those of us who are mothers, or will be mothers, can relate to Mary's turmoil. 
That did not include me, but if I could live as another human being for a day, I
would want to be a mother, like Mary, just to know how it really feels.  Now,
that would be another chemical I would like to have.

Without speaking, we undressed.  She lay back on the bed, extending her arm to
me. When my knee touched the bed, she spread her legs in invitation. Sex is
always very good with Mary. It was even better this time since I knew a good
part of it was me and her, not me and chemicals.  I let myself cum in her before
falling asleep beside her.

When Andy and Lisa came in from skiing, they stripped and crawled on the big bed
with us, crashing for a quick nap.  I heard Andy whisper in my ear before she
lay down.  "I love you, Davy."

About dark, rested and relaxed, the four of us headed out to explore the town.

Aspen, always full of interesting people, was wild with people everywhere since
this was the height of the busy season. Normally, I have no trouble making new
friends, particularly in a resort where everyone is happy and enthusiastic. With
three sexy women in tow, I had to fight off the people who wanted to know me.

As we bar-hopped, Andy disappeared, but, in a few minutes, I saw her coming with
two couples. I bought a round of drinks as we  visited.

The girls were sorority sisters; the guys were their lucky, lucky boyfriends,
lucky because the girls were planning an orgy as part of pledge initiation. A
video was required as part of their ritual which fit nicely into my needs.  No,
I will not name the school or the sorority. I do not want to overload them with
applicants. Anyway, I am sure this type of activity occurs at more than one
school and sorority.

I cut a deal.   Lisa and Mary would participate in the orgy, Andy would run the
video equipment and I would pay for beer and food.

We were going to an orgy.

Mary took Lisa aside, carefully explaining what she expected of her, which, to
no surprise, was full, eager participation.  It was like telling a dog to hump a
leg.  Lisa was ready to go. I had been very surprised by Lisa.  Since she let go
and surrendered to me, she had no inhibitions whatsoever if she was responding
to a command.  I felt sad about all the time we wasted when we were younger and
not fucking. Oh, well.  We would make it up, maybe tonight.

The sorority had rented an entire floor at a hostel. The big, party room had
only two couples in it when we arrived, but, quickly, people were flowing into
the room.  I would explain what happened to you, but what can I tell you that
you do not already know. How many "she arched her back as she came" do you want
to read?

It was almost funny to see the boys eager acquiescent to my taking their
girlfriends in exchange for Lisa and Mary.  I was almost detached in my
coupling.  The most interesting part was the different ways the girls orgasmed,
how they felt and smelled and talked under me.  Each was different, each
delightful.  I was very grateful I had been programmed not to ejaculate, else I
would never have made it through the night.

As soon as I had my quota of ten, I told my women we were leaving. Mary and Lisa
were both enjoying themselves, but were ready to leave.  Andy, of course, was
always happy complying with whatever I said.   When we got out into the cold,
clean night air, I noticed Mary was not with us. In a minute, here she came with
a couple from the orgy.

"Dave, this is Jarred and Julie," she said with a knowing leer.  "I have invited
them to come home with us." Sweet Mary.  Always looking out for my best
(prurient) interests.

Jarred was about six four and a senior football player. Julie was eighteen and a
freshman.  She was only five feet tall with long, flaming red hair, huge green
eyes and a Barbie doll figure.  We all went to my house, grabbed some heavy
snacks and drinks and headed for the hot tub.  I needed to rest. Fucking ten
women three ways is hard work. No! Really! Try it sometime!

We were all naked in the hot tub. As usual, Lisa was subdued, Mary sublime and
Andy warm and open.  Jarred could not keep his eyes off my women, but I was
having trouble keeping my eyes off Julie, who had a secretive smile on her sexy
face and a magnificent body.

Mary brought up the subject of fantasies, enthralling us with a fantasy of
having sex in a glass elevator of a hotel. I knew that was not a fantasy since
she told me she had done that with Bert but it was a damn good story which made
us all hotter. As Mary wove her story of having sex with people glancing at the
rising elevator, Julie stared at me.

"What is your fantasy, Jarred?" Andy asked innocently.

"Two women at one time," he gasped out, staring at her breasts.

"Mary?  Why don't you and Lisa take Jarred inside?" I said. They both grinned,
standing to pull Jarred to his feet.  I swear I heard him whimper.

After they left, I asked Julie her favorite fantasy.  She blushed but her eyes
never left mine.

"I want to be raped."

"Raped? Are you nuts?"  Andy exclaimed.  "Sex is too good for that. Anyway, who
wants to be hurt. Women get killed or injured being raped."

"I don't want a true rape.  I mean I want to be taken while I struggle some, to
be forced to submit to a man, but he has to me a man of my choosing."

"Oh. Well, I understand that.  I always surrender to Davy.  Don't you surrender
to Jarred?"

"No. Jarred is too, oh, I don't know.  Jarred is too familiar, I guess.  Not
really knowing the man is part of it for me.  You know, the thrill of the
unknown, the thrill of not being in control."

"Sounds dangerous to me."

Throughout this conversation, Julie's eyes never left mine.  They were hot green
lasers boring into me.  I would have thought a cock that had fucked eleven woman
that day would know when enough is enough.  Mine was standing at attention, the
idea of taking this little doll making him eager in anticipation.

"Do you want me to take you, Julie?"  She quivered but said nothing.

"Once I start, I do not stop."  Again, no response. Andy was watching us
intently.

"Julie, if you wish to leave, do so before I count to ten.  After that, I will
presume I have your acquiescence and I will take you.  I will be in control
then.  I will do what I want with you without regard for what you want."

She could have easily left.  Her eyes searched my face, flicked to Andy, and
back to me. I counted to ten very slowly and she never moved.

To be continued  . . .

Please! Give me your comments!

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com





MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 16 (MF, Romance, NC?)

Raping Julie

It was late in the evening.  My two kittens, my slave and I had asked Jarred and
Julie to join us at my house in Aspen after the orgy where I fucked ten women as
part of a sorority initiation and to fulfill part of my assignment Uncle Bert
had left me. Mary and Lisa were in the back bedroom with Jarred letting him live
out his fantasy of a threesome. I knew he was having a good time. I had enjoyed
Mary and Lisa together on several occasions.  Julie,  Andy, and I were in the
hot tub.  We were deathly quiet, stilled by sexual anticipation, as the tub
bubbled benignly around us.

I was going to rape Julie.  Yes, rape.  Sort of.

Why, you ask, would a man living with two wild kittens and a sex slave, who had
2,998 other kittens already programmed for sex with him, rape a woman?  Why not
just fuck Andy who was ready and eager to please me as she always was? Why not
take Mary or Lisa who belonged to me?

First, it was not really rape since Julie wanted it.  It was her fantasy which
we were enacting for her fun and our mutual enjoyment. Truth is though, I had
never raped anyone.  The idea excited me, particularly with such a willing
little sex pot.

Mind control, which is what Uncle Bert's formula was about and what he had done
to Mary, Andy and the other kittens, is not limited to just drugs, or to
involuntary persuasion. Some of the best MC is really a kind of game playing,
which is what Julie and I were going to do.  That is part of what Uncle Bert was
trying to teach me when he had me surrender to Mistress Diana, the dominatrix in
New York, and when he had Madame Delilah teach us game playing in San Francisco. 
A voluntary, reversible mind control. Letting your mind be dominated by someone
else for your mutual enjoyment. Or, like dominating as I was doing.

I wanted to make sure this was not a real rape, even though Julie had passively
agreed. "Julie, are you ready to be raped?"

She looked up at me with those big, emerald eyes.  "Please, don't hurt me," she
whispered.  A devilish gleam came into her eyes.  "Don't be too gentle either."
She blushed from head to foot at her open admission of desire.

Let the games begin!

As we climbed out of the hot tub, Andy grabbed my arm, pulling me against her
wet, naked body as she whispered, "Can I play, too? Please."  Andy's face was
wild and eager.  The game was adrenalizing her just as it had Julie and me.  I
gave her a hearty kiss.  "Of course," I replied, then whispered a command in her
ear.  She quivered with excitement.

I had us all redress, which surprised both of the women, but I wanted to play
this game all the way from the beginning.   I slipped into the back bedroom to
tell Mary what was happening and to instruct her to keep Jarred busy all night. 
Jarred was on his back with Lisa's mouth sucking sweetly on his cock. Mary was
lying beside him, kissing him and caressing him with her hands. I could tell
Jarred was about to crater from the activities. When I explained to Mary what I
wanted, she gave me a funny look, but agreed.

Julie and Andy were sitting on the couch, talking quietly.  They stopped when I
entered the living room.  Julie turned on the seat, straightening her skirt,
folding her hands in her lap primly. I sat in my easy chair. No one spoke as we
watched each other. I could feel their tension.  They could probably see mine as
my ever independent cock was standing at attention.

You know I had been programmed by Uncle Bert to control my cock and its
eruptions. With much delightful experimentation, I discovered the most fun was
to let him (my cock) do as he wanted, as if I was unprogrammed, except for
ejaculation.  That I controlled to prolong my ecstasy (agony?) as I relished the
lovely women at my disposal. Now, he was ready and so was I.

Julie stood when I did. I wiggled a finger at her, motioning her to walk towards
me. She took one giant step.  Andy grabbed her from behind, using a technique
Madame Diana taught us to yank her arms behind her, twisting them to hold her
securely. Julie screamed in surprise. I jumped to her, my face, contorted in
mock rage, inches from hers.

"I will gag you if you scream. You cannot breathe with a gag.  Will you be
quiet?"

"Yes. Please don't gag me," she said.  She had a wild gleam in her eyes, an
stimulating mixture of lust and fear.  I undid the first button of her blouse,
making sure the material was pulled tight against her skin, letting her feel my
fingers working, as she struggled lamely against Andy's hold.

"Isn't this humiliating, slut! Two strangers stripping you, getting you ready to
be fucked. Your sweet little pussy will be violated by my cock.  There is
nothing you can do about it!"

I started on the second button.

"Now, sweet, little Julie, think about being raped.  Think about my hard cock,
like a big pole, slamming into your tight pussy. Think about your legs being
held wide, you unable to resist as I pound into you. You will lay sobbing as I
plunder your body."

The idea of all this tough talk was to get her sexually aroused.  It was
working.  It also was working on me a lot more than I had expected.

It was in that instant, I first relished the power of my domination over a
woman. I could feel the rush, the thrill of having her under my control and
against her will.

I continued to talk to her as I slowly unbuttoned her blouse, my voice icy and
cruel, telling her of the tragedy she would endure, telling her what I planned
to do, making the fear of the rape as great as possible. I was building the
structure of mind control over her.

Andy was holding her securely. I could see Andy's muscles contract and relax in
response to Julie's struggling, see the lust and desire in her face as I am sure
she could see it in mine. Pulling back Julie's blouse, I undid her bra and began
playing with her breasts which were very nice, with a big nipple, hard but
spongy under my fingers.

"Think about you begging for me to stop as I pinch and twist your nipples, like
this . . . " Julie squealed and jerked.  "Think about it, helpless, tied to the
bed, raped."

Slowly, I wrapped Julie's waist length, flaming red hair around my left hand,
until my hand was so tangled in her hair she could not get away. I pulled her
head back, making her arch into me, her face contorted in pain.  In that
instant, I saw the lust in her eyes die and fear leap from her face.  I did not
realize then her reaction was to my own expression.

I enjoyed that look.  As I dragged her into the bed room, my mind bifurcated,
part a lust- enraged rapist, part a detached scientist watching the other part.
The rapist wished to continue. The scientist thought about the impact of power
on this innocent girl.

"Strip," I commanded Andy.  She was reacting to Julie's fear, her own face now
uncertain, confused, as she followed my instruction robotically.  I slapped
Julie with the flat of my hand across her tight stomach, leaving a hand print.
She jumped, yanking her hair hard but she stopped resisting.

"Oh, god, please don't do this . . .  don't rape me!" she begged.  Andy giggled.
Not a laughing giggle, but that tight, auto-responsive sound indicating
tremendous fear of the unknown. I unzipped Julie's skirt and yanked her panties
down to her knees, shoved her face down on the bed, holding her in place as I
yanked the panties off her legs.

I wanted to rape this creature more than I can tell you. I wanted to plunder and
defile her, make her hurt from my cock. I could feel the need ooze from my
pores.

"Poor, pathetic, little, rape victim, lie perfectly still and maybe I will let
you live when I am finished with you." The scientist heard the unfettered evil
in my voice. Julie froze face down, naked, half on, half off the bed. I looked
at Andy as I started to undress.   She was naked but she was covering herself,
right hand over her pussy, left arm around her breasts. She wore a terrified
expression.

Remember, Andy was programmed to be totally uninhibited sexually. I had never
seen her cover herself in all the times I had been with her.  More importantly,
I had never seen the fear on her face like that. I was scaring her shitless.

As I hurriedly undressed, the scientist was fighting the rapist in my mind. I
was sweating profusely, muscles rigid from the conflict. My hand snaked out,
grabbing Andy, jerking her to me.  For the first time in our entire
relationship, she resisted me, putting her hands against my chest to push me
away, nails in my flesh. Probably, Andy's reaction to me swung the balance in
the fight.  I felt myself relax in the instant before she read it on my face and
collapsed against me with a sob.

"It's okay, Andy.  It is just a game.  Nobody is going to really be hurt." Arms
around me, she buried her head in my chest and held on for dear life.  Thank
God, the scientist won.

Julie had not moved. I pulled her head back by her hair to look into her eyes. 
The consuming, true fear was gone. The lust and false fear had returned.  She,
too, was in the game again.

"It is time, bitch!" I snarled in Julie's face.

She did not resist as we tied her arms to the headboard. I brought her legs up
and tied them wide to the headboard.  She was as open as she could get.  As I
knee walked between her legs I admired her jutting, rock hard ass as she
squirmed in her bondage.

"You like being tied up. You like being taken against your will, don't you? You
like the danger, the feeling of helplessness. You know it will hurt when I slam
into you."

I flicked her clit, making her jump. She was sweating profusely, licking her
parched lips.

"You know it will hurt when I plunder your sopping pussy, slut.  But, you know I
will not beat you. You think no real harm can come to you."

Her shy smile told me she had thought of that.

"But, I bet there is one danger you never thought of, slut! One big danger!"

"What . . .  what is it?" Now, she was really frightened as opposed to sexual
arousal. "What are you going to do?"

"Are you on the pill?"

"No . . .  oh, God, no!  I don't want to get pregnant. I don't want a baby." She
raised up as far as she could.  "Use protection. Please.  I am Catholic. I could
never have an abortion. Oh, please, don't make me pregnant!"   I grinned evilly.
Andy's eyes were wide. She had been on the pill for years and never thought
about an eighteen-year-old being unprotected.

"Rapists don't provide protection, slut!  Poor little pregnant slut. Raped and
knocked up. How sad!"

Julie was really resisting now.  Her tears were real as she struggled to get
away. But having her arms and legs bound was not something she could overcome.
She was gasping, exhausted.

"Now, bitch! It is too late!"

"NOOOO!" she screamed as I slammed my cock into her.  I stopped, buried to the
hilt, feeling her tight pussy spasm around my hardness. She could not help
herself. The fantasy, the fear, the desire overcame her.  Her back arched as she
came again, then again.

"There is one way to fuck you without fear of pregnancy." I lubed her ass hole
with her juices which flowed freely from her pussy.

"No, Davy," she begged.

"Beg for me to fuck your ass, slut. Beg for it . . .  or I will make you
pregnant!" Her eyes were wide, her desire skyrocketing again.

"Please, don't do it!"

"Pregnant or ass fucked. Make a decision!" Julie turned to look at Andy.

"Please, Andy.  Please help me!"

"Shut up, slut," Andy said, flicking Julie's rock hard nipple before looking at
me for confirmation of her action, which I gave with a wink.  I slapped Julie
hard across the inside of her thigh.  She sobbed as she stared bug eyed at the
red hand print on her soft flesh.

"Decision! Or, I will do both, ass fuck you and make you pregnant!"

Julie was crying now. It was suppose to be a rape so I did not feel bad about
her tears. You know I could control my orgasms so the odds of her getting
pregnant were virtually nil, but Julie did not know that.

"I will count to three. Decide or I will fuck your ass and make you pregnant!
One, two."

I looked at Andy. Her hand had slipped between her legs, fingering herself. Her
nipples were steel, her face molten gold.

Julie moaned deep in her throat, then said, "Fuck my ass! Please, I beg you.
Just don't make me pregnant!"  Julie squirmed to raise her ass to me.  "Do it! 
Go on! I am begging for an ass fucking!"

She asked so sweetly, how could I say no.

I put my lubricated cock at her ass hole and pushed. Andy put her hand over
Julie's mouth when Julie screamed. No doubt it did hurt but there is no easy way
to break in an ass, although I was as easy as I could be.  When I felt her
relax, I sawed back and forth, feeling it quiver around me. I was very glad I
controlled my orgasms or I would have shot right then from the tightness of her
virgin ass spasming around my cock.  I felt Julie respond, felt her squirm, felt
the orgasm hit her. I pulled out, leaving her floating in her afterglow.  Andy
handed me a condom but Julie did not see me put in on before I slid my cock back
in her pussy.

"No . . .  please . . .  you promised! Don't make me pregnant."

"Shut up, slut! Now, I will show you how a real rapist fucks!"

I pounded away, my hips driving my cock into her tight slew like a battering
ram. I could see Andy masturbating like crazy as Julie flopped under me,
moaning, sweating like a pig, her pussy flowing like a river.

"Fuck me . . .  fuck me . . .  oh, Mary, Jesus and Joseph, that is so good . . . 
uhhhh . . . YES . . . YES!"  She was orgasming freely now, muttering under her
breath.

I love it when a woman is flowing so freely she is delirious, where the only
thing that matters to her is the cock in her cunt and her next orgasm.  Julie
was at that point.  She was whimpering, "More . . .  Harder . . . Yes!" as I
plundered her pussy. She began screaming as her back arched, almost lifting me
off the bed. I thought she would crush my cock with that tight pussy of hers as
she locked down in a magnificent orgasm. I collapsed on her as she passed out.

"Did you cum?" Andy asked.

"No," I groaned, knowing I was going to have the worse case of blue balls ever.

"Good," she whispered, her hand gently stroking my ass.

As we released Julie from her bondage, she shuttered and awakened.  She
stretched, getting the kinks out of her body.

"I wore a condom and did not orgasm in you, Julie."  Relief flooded her face. 
"Thank you," she murmured.  "Can I rest now?"

I rolled to the other side of the big bed.  Andy draped a comforter over Julie
who was fast asleep.  Andy crawled on top of me, her pussy, wet and bloated from
the activities and her own hand, slippery on my half-hard cock.  We kissed
softly as my cock rose again and she eased me in her.

"If you want to get someone pregnant, I volunteer," she whispered.

To be continued . . .

Please! Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com






MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 17 (everything)

Last Day in Aspen

I felt someone shaking me gently. I opened my eyes to see Lisa smiling down at
me, dressed in ski shirt and pants with her leather collar on, as always.  "Good
morning, Davy. Breakfast in fifteen minutes. Here is your coffee," she said
before kissing me.  I was spooned with Andy, her delicious ass pressed hard into
my crotch.  I stretched, bumping her and she stretched, too, rolling to press
her breasts into me.

"Morning, sweetheart," Andy whispered, kissing me on the lips. She struggled up
and headed to the bathroom.  Julie was asleep on the far side of the bed.  I
nudged her with my foot. Her eyes popped open as she tried to determine where
she was and remember how she got there.

"Davy," she whispered. "Thanks for being so wonderful.  I enjoyed our little
game."

"Ohhhruuhh," I muttered.  Julie was not aware I did not speak in the morning
until after my first mug of coffee, except for dire emergencies.  I sat on the
side of the bed and sipped the first drops of that black, life-giving liquid.

My mind jumped back to last night, to my rape of Julie.  She had wanted the
rape.  It was her fantasy, a game to be played between consenting adults. But, I
had responded more violently than I believed possible.  The power of control
over her, the desire to crush her under my will, had been devilishly strong. 
The effect I had on Andy and her horrified reaction had snatched me back to
reality. I thought about power, its use and mind control, as Julie slipped out
of bed and into the bathroom.

In a few moments, when I heard the shower, I stumbled into the bathroom. Andy
had enjoyed girl-on-girl sex for some time, but it must have been new to Julie.
I could see Julie blush and turn a little as Andy tentatively caressed her
nipple. Julie stepped back as Andy moved into her.  I watched Andy kiss her, and
her hand slip between Julie's legs before the steam covered the shower glass,
hiding the view.  I joined them. I mean, I needed a shower anyway.  We all were
throughly clean when Lisa stuck her head in telling me she had refilled my cup.

Lisa, who you remember was my former girlfriend who was now my slave, was
primarily responsible for all the household duties.  But, Lisa could not boil
water, so Mary, an excellent cook indeed, was teaching Lisa to be a domestic
engineer. Mary and Andy were both such positive and happy workers they always
helped out, so Lisa did not really have much more than a third of the duty. This
morning, Mary and Lisa had hot oatmeal, eggs, ham, toast, fresh fruit, milk and
more coffee ready.  I was glad Jarred, Julie's boyfriend, was there. It was nice
to have someone at the table who ate more than I did.

We all ate like pigs, then sat in front of the fire, visited and let our food
digest.  Julie sat by Jarred, holding his hand. Mary  curled up next to me. Andy
nestled between my legs because she wanted to.  Lisa knelt at Mary's feet
because she was Mary's pet.   After an hour or so, the crew was ready for
skiing, so everyone dressed and headed out, except for Mary and me.

Sitting next to me on the couch, with her leg drawn under her and her knee
against my thigh, Mary rested her hand on mine.

"Andy told me about last night," she said.  "You frightened her."

I nodded. "It frightened me, too.  What do I need to do with Andy to help her
get over it?"

"Talk to her. Love on her."

"Sounds normal to me."

"It really is, Davy. But, tell her to forget it and she will. That is the
programming part." She went to get us more coffee, sitting again by me when she
returned.

"I have a message from Bert for you."  She slipped to her knees, kneeling
between my legs. She looked up in my face.

"Wait, Mary.  You are not in a trance.  Uncle Bert's messages always come in a
trance."

"Bert gave me some messages to be delivered when I felt it was time. Those
messages were given me in bulk. I modify them as I feel appropriate. This is one
of those."

"I did not hit a trigger point requiring you to deliver a message?"

"No. I have some free will, remember?"

"If you are not in a trance and delivering Uncle Bert's message, why are you
kneeling between my legs?"

She blushed, a faint rose color rising across her face.  "I like it down here. 
So, sue me, as Bert would say.  Now, be quiet and listen. I am concentrating
very hard to make sure I give you those message parts he wished you to have."

Mary closed her eyes, became very still and started to breathe in that deep,
rhythmic motion both she and Andy got when they went into a trance. But, when
her eyes opened, they were focused and clear, not the dazed, trance look.

"Davy, it is dad again. This message is only to be delivered if Mary believes
you have faced a significant use of power.  For some months, you have studied,
learned, read, and thought about power, morality and responsibility.  My mind
control drug gives you great power and, as Lord Acton said, 'Power corrupts.
Absolute power corrupts absolutely.' Since you are receiving this message and
not the other one, you handled it properly. But, listen! That devil dog, lust
for power, will come back again to bite you on the ass.  Be ready to fight him
off!"

"That is the end of Bert's message, Davy.  Any questions about it?"

"No, not about that."

"What questions then?"

"Andy was afraid of me. Why?"

"You made her afraid by your actions, just as if she were unprogrammed.
Remember, Bert told you he had programmed both of us to protect us from you. He
really was modifying the programming to reinforce our natural self preservation
tendencies even in the face of your authority."

"Sounds like his words."

"They are," she said with a grin.  "What else did Andy say?"  Mary had a funny,
knowing expression. She knew what had been said.  She wanted to hear it from me.

"She said she wants to bear my child. Is that the programming?"

"No.  That is her feminine nature and her love for you.  I want to bear your
child, too, Davy.  You are a wonderful man."  Her hand was soft on my face.

Sex is not love. Love is not sex. Both are wonderful. Separate, they are
unbelievable. Together, they are heaven. I took Mary's hand, leading her to the
bedroom.

"Lay back."  Mary was naked now, her eyes bright, tension in her tone. I lay
back. She slipped on top of me, sixty-nine position. Hands on her hips, I guided
her pussy to my lips. I heard her moan before her lips wrapped around my cock.
Mary had a delicious tasting pussy and, as I told you, eating pussy is like
eating food from the gods. She came several times before turning to face me. 
"Do my ass," she whispered, kissing me.  I happily obliged.

Sometime later, Mary said, "I need to introduce you to someone."

"I thought no more clues would be given me until I finished all my assignment,"
I replied.

"My decision. If we get this information now, we will not need to come back to
Aspen in a few days. The key clue is still to be given you."

Free will again. Uncle Bert had built a very intriciate matrix of control in
Mary.

Mary led me to an antiques shop. Betty, the woman who ran it, must have been
seventy, with gray-blue hair and a face like old leather, that hard, sun-damaged
quality obtained from a great deal of outside activity.  She was a real outdoors
type, her body lean and hard from the mountain life.  I wondered what it would
be like to fuck a seventy-year-old. I bet Uncle Bert knew.

Betty had a picture of me made a few years ago. She carefully compared me to it,
checked all my ID, then asked to see my ass.  You remember. She wanted to see 
the rose tattoo Uncle Bert had me get when we hit a tattoo parlor in Denver a
few years back. Uncle Bert had me tattooed as a way of identifying me for people
selected to give me information in my treasure hunt. Uncle Bert could have put
that damn tattoo some place else if he was going to make me show to everyone I
met.

Convinced I was me, she guided us to the local bank.  Again, Mary produced a
safe deposit box key while Betty signed in. They both waited as I opened the
box. I found volumes three through eight of his notebooks, a list of texts to
read, including several on major religions. No note and no next clue. I took my
volumes and left.  Mary joined the skiers while I read at the house. These
volumes went more quickly than the first two but it was a lot of technical
information to cover. I got through most of it before I dozed off.

When I awakened, the skiers were back for dinner. Jarred and Julie were still
with them. Lisa, Mary and Andy cooked lasagna, green salad, asparagus and garlic
bread. We broke out some of Uncle Bert's wine cache.  He had excellent taste in
wine, just like his taste in women.  We got out a movie (it was not xxx rated) 
and sat contentedly by the fire watching. I thought about the ways two guys and
the four women could have sex together.  But, Julie and Jarred said they needed
to get back to Julie's sorority.  We kissed them goodbye and sent them on their
way.

I announced I was tired and was going to bed.  Usually, that announcement is
accompanied by all three of them following me to the bedroom. Tonight, they
whispered together as I walked out.  Then, Andy alone joined me.

"I feel neglected, Davy," she whispered to me, her huge blue eyes soft and
loving.  She pressed up against me, her breasts crushed into my chest, her pussy
rubbing leisurely on my leg. "Do you mind if it was just me tonight?"

"Never, my love. You are all any man could ever want."

She squeezed my balls thought my trousers.  Raising up to be kissed, she
whispered, "I know that is a lie, but I will live with it for tonight."

She wrapped her legs around me as I fucked her, her body sweaty, her nipples
erect, her clit hard. I used Uncle Bert's programming, saying to her, after I
had my cock in her, "Quiet, little kitten."  After I gave the command, I
realized I had never programmed her to be lady like and rarely to coo like a
bird. I loved her mewing and purring. I had to admit that while I had fucked
many women lately, Andy was still the best. She orgasmed hard and often, her
pussy like a steel glove on my cock.  At her request, I held back until she took
me in her mouth. There I filled her to our mututal delight.

The next day, all of us skied, enjoying the brilliant Colorado sun. That night,
after steaks, potatoes and green salad with another bottle of wine, I was ready
for bed. A huge storm blew in and the temperature dropped even lower.

In Australia, the drovers, as the sheep herders are called, judge the coldness
of the night by the number of dogs they sleep with for warmth.   For me, it is
the number of women.  Aspen was cold as hell, definitely a three-girl night,
which is the way we slept. Maybe I should move to Alaska.  I wondered how cold
it got up there.

The next day, Mary awakened me before the sun came up, telling me I had more
information to access. We drove the Bronco to Starwood, where the rich folks and
movie stars live.  At a locked gate, a security guard stopped us. We gave our
names, waited as he called for clearance, then drove into the area.  "Stop at
that house," Mary ordered. A woman I did not recognize but who was about
forty-five, stacked and drop dead beautiful, was standing in the door in her
robe.

"You know what to do," Mary said, as I got out of the car.  The woman had a very
irritated expression on her face as she left me in.

"Do you prefer sirloin or tube steak?" I asked the woman, using Uncle Bert's
sexual contact initiation phrase he programmed into all the women he fucked.

"It depends on the chef," she replied.

"What does your pussy prefers?" I saw her eyes glaze over.

"It prefers following your commands."

"Do you have something for me?" I asked.

"Besides my body?" she asked and let the robe drop to the floor.

"That first, of course," I replied, getting hard looking at her.

The woman led me to the back bedroom of the house, lay down and spread her legs.
It was not a good fuck. Mechanically, it was fine and she was a superb specimen,
but passion was missing. She did orgasm however.  I wondered if she had been
programmed for the big "O."

As she lay in her afterglow, she said, "Davy, its dad. How is your cock holding
out?  On January 14, go the Colorado Hotel in Glenwood Springs, ask for Jose,
the head bellman. If Jose is gone, ask for his son, Jose, Jr. Give him five
one-hundred dollar bills and ask for a package for Winston Bubberman. Now, go
have fun until then. Merry Christmas."

The woman awakened and wrapped her arms and legs around me.

"Since you are still hard, let's do it again."

This time was better, but something was still missing.  About eight months
later, I saw her in "People" magazine on the arm of a movie producer.  It was
then I learned her name.

I still had not finished my three chores required before Mary could give me the
next clue. I wondered how Uncle Bert fit the clue from Jose and Mary's clue
together and if I was getting off schedule. For the first time, I wondered if I
was doing this treasure hunt correctly.  I was contemplating the puzzle when the
realtor called asking if I would rent the Aspen house for the rest of the
Christmas holidays. Her client was offering $10,000 a day. I passed. I did not
want strangers in my house.

With only three days to Christmas, we packed the Bronco for the drive to Vail.

To be continued  . . .

Please! Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com





MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 18 (MC Romance)

Lisa Leaves

It was three days to Christmas as Andy, Mary, Lisa and I drove in the Bronco
from Aspen. Thanks to the Colorado Highway Department, the roads were clear with
mounds of snow packed along side, but I kept the truck in four wheel drive.  We
stopped at the ranch in Glenwood Springs, then in Vail to get Lisa's
possessions.  We were taking her to the Denver airport.

Lisa was leaving us.

Mary and Lisa had been discussing it for three days now.  Lisa finally explained
it all to me, punctuated it with tears and hiccups. She had never been away from
her family over Christmas.  She wanted to go home.  She missed them. The big
question was whether she wanted to come back.  She had changed from a
near-virgin bitch to a slave in a fortnight. I knew she was reeling inside, not
knowing what was best for her. Was it best to stay in LA and finish college? 
Or, to return to us?

As we drove and talked, Lisa absentmindedly fingered the leather collar around
her neck, the symbol of her situation.  That collar had caused her
embarrassment, stern glances from passerbys, questions from those too selfish
not to intrude on her life or too aroused by the sexual thoughts of Lisa's
servitude to restrain themselves.  But, it also had brought her pleasure, a
sense of sexual security and belonging, such as when a chain attached to it
coupled her to my bed at night.  It was a constant reminder of those activities
which she loved.

Shortly after she came with us, I realized I had missed the so subtle signals
she had given when we were dating, signals saying she wanted to be taken this
way. Only when she saw Andy did her desires become visible to me.

I knew Mary and Andy would do anything I told them to do.  More than that, they
eagerly sought ways to please me, thinking of what I needed before I told them. 
No surprise. They were kittens and had been programmed that way.  Lisa was
different. She was unprogrammed, giving herself voluntarily, submitting to the
control of another.  Of three others really, since Mary, Andy and I all treated
her as our slave.  Yet, she too, gave happily and eagerly, wanting to please.

So, how was her voluntary slavery different than Mary and Andy's programmed
state?  I had tried to determine the difference.  When Lisa first joined us, she
seemed to be more wary, untrusting, with a conscious knowledge of the depth of
her surrender. The kittens trusted totally.  Envision three people standing on
the edge of a cliff. You yell "jump." Two grin and jump without hesitation.  The
third looks at you wide eyed, takes a deep breath, closes her eyes and
tentatively steps off.  That was the basic difference.

But, by now, Lisa's level of trust had risen so even this difference was small.

I remembered the first time I bound her tightly. It was a simple binding. Lisa
was kneeling, her ankles crossed behind her and bound, her knees tied apart by
rope attached to the furniture. Her arms were drawn behind her, tied at wrists
and elbow to hold them straight and thrust out her breasts.  Clover clamps
attached to the post in front of her were on each nipple. Her clit hood ring was
leashed to the post, also. She was blindfolded but not gagged. I wanted to
communicate with her.

It was Mary who talked me into binding Lisa that first time, telling me Lisa
wanted to be carried deeper into her submission, wanted to surrender this way to
me. When Lisa was bound, I instructed Andy to discipline her.

"No," she mouthed without speaking, shaking her head slightly.  No surprise.
When we were being trained by Mistress Diana, Andy clearly was not a dominant.

Why, you ask, did Andy disobey an order?  Is she not programmed?

I did not give her an order.  If I had said, "Andy, I order you to . . . " or
"Andy, you will . . . " she would have obeyed. What I said was, "Andy, would you
like to . . . " giving her the opportunity to respond.  I often addressed both
Andy and Mary that way.  As I said, what man wants a Porsche without an engine.
And, what point in having an engine if you do not use it.

Mary wanted to assume Lisa's training, but this time I did it.

Lisa was moaning, enjoying the pain of the tension in her muscles and the pulls
on her nipples and hood when she tried to ease the tension. We talked, me
delving into her mind, she responding as a good little slave. I had learned more
about her and her needs in that short time that I had learned in the years we
dated. As important, I learned something about myself and power.  Lisa happily
surrender to me and her pleasure.

"Sweetheart, I need to go to the bathroom," Andy said, bringing me back to the
present. We stopped in Vail at a hamburger joint for some burgers, drove by the
Vail house to get Lisa's things which were there and were on the road again.

"Well, Lisa are you coming back to us?" I asked as we drove through Eisenhower
Tunnel.

"Do you want me to?"  Another difference between a slave and a kitten was
security.  The kittens never questioned I was part of their lives.  They were
very secure in me as their ever present master.  Lisa was afraid, unsure. By
now, I knew that fear was not part of her thrill.  She needed the security of
knowing she was mine.  The insecurity she relished came from not knowing what I
would do to her.

"Yes, but, it will be different.  I will be more harsh with you, more demanding,
if you return."

"I.... I don't know," she whispered, looking away.  I saw Mary's expression, a
sad, knowing, caring look.  "We want you back, Lisa," Mary said.  Andy stroked
Lisa's face, pushing the coal-black hair back in a loving gesture. The three of
them whispered as I again drifted off in my own thoughts, only to come back to
the present in the traffic around the airport.

As I killed the engine in the parking lot, Mary unlocked Lisa's collar. "No.
Please, let me keep it," Lisa whispered, stroking her neck where the collar had
been, missing its feel. I knew what needed to be said.

"Look at me!" I snapped. Lisa stared, eyes wide and unblinking.

"Lisa, I want you to be a slave to us. All three of us want it. But, you need to
understand. It will be difficult, painful, humiliating agony. It will be total
and complete submission, without any compromise.  I will make permanent changes
in you - breast implants, branding. (She gasped) There will be no quarter.  It
will be readily obvious to everyone who sees you that you are a slave submitting
to a demanding master. Even your parents and friends in LA will know.  If you
wish this, return here no later than January 1 to begin your new life. If not,
we all hope you will be happy doing whatever you will be doing."

The silence was deafening as tears rolled down Lisa's cheeks.  "I understand,"
she said. Mary's eyes searched my face. She knew I was wrestling with my own
needs and wants as it pertained to each of them and all the others. I had
demanded Lisa give me full power over her.  Power. Why did I want her to
surrender so completely? Was the devil dog biting my ass? Or, was it just good,
clean fun for all of us.

Mary was right.  I analyzed things too much, and sometimes with no result.

We all carried Lisa's bags to the check-in and walked her to the gate.  It was a
typical family departure, tears and hugging as we said our goodbyes.  Mary took
my arm as we walked away after she boarded.  "She will be back," she said.

"Where now?" Andy asked when we piled back into the Bronco.

"I think we need a bigger vehicle," I replied.

I drove to a Chevy dealer, haggled a little, and drove away in a new, fully
loaded, four- wheel drive, cherry red Suburban.  Mary drove the Bronco which we
were going to keep. I offered to put the car on my MasterCard, but the
dealership called my bank and accepted a check.  It was nice being rich.

It was about five in the afternoon.  I decided to stay in Denver overnight and
checked us into the presidential suite at the Brown Palace, Denver's finest
hotel.  We went shopping, picking up some last minute things and enjoying the
festivities of Christmas time.  The kittens were dressed in high-gloss, polished
leather boots, skin tight pants and big, baggy sweaters that hinted at as much
as they hid. They had stylish, fur rimmed hats with their long blonde hair
flowing in the breeze.  We got a lot of looks.

When we got back to the suite, I ordered room service: shrimp and salmon en
casserole, steamed vegetables and fruit salads, with white wine.  Believe it or
not, we all three showered together without having sex.  Andy was just coming
out of the bathroom, drying her hair when the door to the suite rang, indicating
room service was here. I saw Mary reach for her a towel to cover herself.

"No.  Answer the door naked."  She gave me a funny, sexy grin.  I slapped Andy
on the ass.  "Go with her."

Andy shook her head no, but started towards the door.

"Wait.  Andy, what is wrong?"

"I don't want to be naked for a stranger, Davy. Please."

"You were in New York, at the B&D party."

"My master wished me to be that way. If it was up to me . . . "  Her voice
trailed off.  I threw both of them towels which they draped around themselves.
Honestly, they looked more sexy that way than naked, with the towel bulging at
the top from their breasts and barely covering their bottoms at the bottom.  The
hint of the unseen arouses us all.

The bellboy at the door was a Hispanic kid probably no more than sixteen. Seeing
Andy and Mary scantily covered and smiling at him, his mouth started to open and
close as his eyes bulged out.  He could neither move nor speak. After waiting a
moment, I pulled the cart into the room and stuck two one-hundred dollar bills
in the pocket of his bellman's jacket.

"Merry Christmas," I said as I closed the door.

My stomach full, well fucked, with Mary curled in the crook of my right arm and
Andy in the crook of my left, I drifted off to dreamland as Andy whispered in my
ear, "I love you, Davy."

I awakened on December 23 about ten in the morning.  Andy was naked on her
stomach, golden hair covering her face, breathing smoothly and evenly as she
slept. I was admiring her perfect, jutting ass when I heard the toilet flush.
Mary came padding back to bed, smiling as she slipped in beside me.

"I want to eat pussy," I said.

"You always want something.  Didn't you get enough last night?"

"Yes, for last night. This is this morning."

She laughed.  "How do you want me?"

"Ride my face."

She rolled on me, kissed me long and hard as her hand played over my crotch.

"Yes, Davy," she whispered. She slithered against me like a snake and squirmed
her warm, plush thighs around my head. I pulled her thighs tightly around my
head as she lowered her slit to my mouth.

I think I said this before but it is worth repeating.  I love eating pussy: the
sights, smells, taste, texture, feel and the sound the woman makes all tantalize
the senses. Next to her delightful daughter, Andrea, Mary had the best pussy I
had ever experienced. I make Andy keep her pussy totally hairless, having her
get it waxed when needed. But, Mary's pussy is all natural, which, in Mary's
case means, a very thick, blonde mass of long pubic hair. Having both hairy and
shaved is another advantage of having more than one woman.

This morning, her pussy was dry. The swelling from fucking last night had gone. 
She was still as I inhaled drawing the smells into me, relishing the odors we ca
used. I exhaled, blowing hard on her clit. She shivered.

"Ummm, Davy," she murmured. I flicked the vestibule with the tip of my tongue.
She moved, trying to get my tongue to her clit but I pulled back, teasing her.

"Bastard," she said lovingly, pulling my hair. I began licking the labia,
running my tongue up and down, flicking, sucking those beautiful lower lips
occasionally. Suddenly, I could smell her musk. Ignoring her clit, I continued
my tongue loving to her slit and lips.  I could feel the lips swell from my
attention. I jammed my tongue deep into her pussy. She gasped, pushing her pussy
hard into my mouth.

I wanted it to last all day.  Her slimly, salty love juices covered my chin as I
continued my erotic meal.

"More, baby," she groaned.  "Suck my clit."

I ignored her, continuing tantalizing her pussy. Her hips moved involuntarily,
her need building. I could smell her sweat: pungent; feel it drop on me from her
breasts dangling like ripe melons above me.  Her warmth surrounded me as she
squeezed my head between her thighs. "Davy, please . . . "

I have what some would call a big nose. Perhaps prominent is the correct
adjective. I blew on her clit, then slipped my nose in her pussy. Moving my head
brought penetration and the bridge of my nose rubbing her clit.

"So close, "she whimpered. I stopped.  She shifted position slightly. I felt her
hand slide down to cup my balls.

"Suck my clit and no one gets hurt," she said. She moved again, jamming her
pussy right on my mouth, thighs around my head which was trapped and immoveable.

"Please, Davy," she whispered again. I slid my hands along her thighs,
encouraging her to squeeze more tightly. I squeezed her ass cheeks with both
hands and held her harder against my face.

"Ohhh," she gasped, knowing what was coming.

You can suck a clit or tongue a clit, or, do both, as I did, hard and demanding,
twisting and expanding her love button in my hungry mouth. Her orgasm hit in a
flash.

"Davyyyyyy," she squealed as a flood of juices coated my chin. Greedily, I
licked at her slit, sucking the juices into me as my fingers caressed her
button, extending her pleasure. She went flaccid.  In her afterglow, she slumped
and a bright, hard rose nipple dangled succinctly above me. Unfortunately, a man
has but one mouth I thought as I continued slurping at her pussy.

She rolled off me.  I saw two huge, bright blue lights peering at me
expectantly.

"Still hungry?" Andy asked.    I was.  Mary watched as I did for her daughter
what I did for her, and with the same results.

"Now, I need real food," I said.

"Mom will order. What do you want?"

"More pussy!"  Andy slapped the inside of my thigh playfully.

"Order us salads and soup, mom," Andy said. I could say nothing. She had covered
my mouth with her pussy again, this time in a sixty-nine position. Her mouth was
hot, wet around my cock.

By now, I had learned to use the programming Uncle Bert gave me effectively. By
that, I mean I could allow myself to be natural, to let my orgasms come as any
other man would. Or, I could last for days.  My balls ached.  With the best cock
sucker in the world happily slurping away on me, I saw no reason to restraint
myself.  I felt the tingle, the twitch as my spasms started.  Andy began
massaging my ball sac, encouraging it to release its liquid wealth.  I filled
her mouth before she collapsed on me.

Naked and giggling, we ate brunch in the middle of the king-sized bed in the
suite. Then, we dressed and got ready to leave.

"I need to do a little more shopping, Davy. Do you mind if I take the Bronco? I
will meet you back in Vail."

"Mom, can I go with you? I have a few more things I want to get, too," Andy
said.

"No way. With both of you gone, what happens if I get horny!" They looked at
each other.

"How could you possibly be horny? Honestly, you are getting as bad as Bert."

"That is not correct.  You mean as good as Bert."

Mary rode my mouth and Andy slipped her hot slew around my cock, milking me to
another mind-blowing orgasm.

I was glad Vail was only seventy minutes away.  I was too tired to drive any
farther.

To be continued . . .

Please! Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com






MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 19 (Mouse plays)

Mouse Play

After leaving Mary and Andy in Denver shopping, I headed for Vail.  I drove the
new Suburban into my driveway about two in the afternoon on December 23.   For
the first time in six months, I did not have one of my wonderful kittens with
me. Suddenly, my tiredness and that well fucked feeling left me.  Horny as a
billy goat,  I headed out into the bright, sunshiny day.

I guess the old saying is right.

When the kittens are away, the mouse will play.

Christmas week in Vail is wild.  Every bed in the area is sold, primarily to
families there for the holidays.  I walked through the town, talking to people,
the spirit of the holidays growing in me with each step.  I stopped at a
restaurant for a cup of hot cocoa to go. When the cocoa was gone, I went to my
favorite bar which is a hang out for the Vail singles, those young people who
work in the town to care for the tourists. I pushed my way into it.

Molly was behind the bar.  She was a "lifer" as the full time, permanent,
residents of Vail call themselves.

"Hi, Davy.  What can I get you?" she asked, shoving the peanuts in front of me. 
Molly is about six feet tall and weights probably one sixty.  She is all muscle
because every available moment she spends skiing, hiking or in the gym. Still.

"Give me a Coors, Molly.  Say, do you prefer sirloin or tube steak?"

"Davy, that is a lousy pick up line.  Why don't you just ask me if I want to
fuck?"

"Well, Molly, do you . . . "

"No!"  She sat the beer in front of me and went to the other end of the bar.

Shot down with ease.

I let my eyes pan the room as I sipped.  For some reason, I looked at the woman
sitting next to me after I looked at the whole room. About thirty, she had a wry
expression on a very pretty face framed by brown hair. Her best feature was big
chocolate eyes.

"Was that a pick up line?" she asked.

"Yes. Really worked, didn't it?"

"The bartender is right. It is a lousy line.  You should try something else."

"Like what?  I mean, a guy can always use help with these things."

"It depends on the woman."

"What works on you?"

"The direct approach.  Something like 'come back to my place for a while'."

"Want to come back to my place for a while?"

"No, thanks.  I am waiting for my husband."

"Nuts."

She tried not to giggle at my disappointment.  I took another gulp of beer,
dropped some money on the bar and left. As I walked out the door, I felt a hand
on my arm.

"You give up too easily.  You will never get laid that way," big chocolate eyes
said to me.

She walked about ten paces behind me because she did not want anyone to see us
together. I went into my house, leaving the door open behind me. In a moment,
she was inside.

She stood against the front door, unzipped her parka and let it drop to the
floor. She was wearing a tight wool sweater which revealed a nice torso.  I
kissed her hard, pressing her against the door. She had nice lips and responded
enthusiastically.

"Now, do me! No foreplay. Come on," she snapped, her hands busily trying to
undress me. I aim to please.  In a flash, we were naked. She pulled me to the
floor on top of her, the piled clothes our bed. Her ankles locked at the base of
my spine as I rammed into her, finding her sloshing wet and hot as a pistol.

I almost told her to be quiet, but there was no need for that.  She was silent
except for the rhythmic breathing, like a steam locomotive, uh, uh, uh, uh,
matching the rhythm of my thrusts.  She was slick with sweat, her hair plastered
against her, arms locked around my shoulders, when I felt her breathing change
and her legs tighten around me. "Yes," she whispered. It was the loudest sound
she made, but then sound volume and sexually intensity never went hand in hand.

I restrained myself, not wishing to cum right then.  She commented about my dry
ejaculation but let it drop as I carried her into the bedroom.

I expected her to resist when I placed her face down on the stack of pillows,
her ass up in the air. She heard the metal rip as I opened the condom.  When I
slipped between her legs, she held her ass open for me.  I could tell when I
entered her dark passage, I was not the first to reside there. Her ass was
delightful as her pussy had been. She again willingly acceded when I took her
mouth.

When she went into the bathroom, I saw her look at the pictures of Mary, Andy
and Lisa on my dresser top, then look at me.  But, she did not comment.  She
took a quick shower.

As she was dressing, I asked, "Are you from Dallas?"

"Yes. How did you know?"

"Do you have two kids?"

She blanched, frightened for the first time.

"Do I know you?" she asked.

"No. Two kids?"

"Yes. How did you know?"

"Lucky guess."  No need to tell her what Uncle Bert had said. But, he had been
right. Find a married woman from Dallas with two kids. They are the best fucks.
She certainly was that.  After she left, I cleaned up, showered, dressed and
headed back into the crisp Vail air.

I trolled at the bars for about an hour. Why I picked the one I did when so many
others were available, I will never know.

Her name was Barbara she said, although I would guess that was a pseudonym. We
hurried towards my place with less conversation than was necessary to be polite. 
She walked stiffly into the bedroom, face set as if going to her execution.  She
stood looking at the big bed for a moment.

"May I use the bathroom?"

"Certainly."

She stopped at the dresser, eyeing the pictures of my three ladies. "Who are
they?"

"My girlfriends.  They live with me except they are out of town tonight."

She gave me a look which would melt lead. "Men," she muttered under her breath.
The bathroom door slammed behind her.

She was about five three, a little plump with soft, white thighs which looked
and felt like they had never seen the sun or a stair master.  She did not want
foreplay or conversation. As she so quaintly said, "Just shut up and fuck me!" 
Her pussy was dry but a lubricated condom over my rigidity slipped into her
easily.  There was a harsh hurriedness about the fuck, a need driven by
something else other than sex.  She put her heels on the bed, thrusting up to
meet me, with a passionless intensity. There was no sweat, no lubrication. I
doubt if she was even aroused.

I do not think she came. I know I did not, but I was programmed that way.
Finally, I just stopped.  When I rolled over, she began dressing. I did not stop
her.  I really was not interested in pursuing any more with her.

"Want to tell me what is going on," I said.

"None of your business," she snapped. I knew something was wrong but I could not
pry it out of her.  It occurred to me then, Uncle Bert's potion could wipe put
problems as easily as it could wipe out inhibitions.  I watched as she finished
dressing with her back to me. When I walked her to the door, she said nothing
and did not look at me.

"Goodbye, Barbara," I said as I opened it.  "Goodbye, Sam," she replied. She got
the name right.  It was the one I had given her.

I was bummed out by Barbara.  I cleaned up again, showered again and headed out. 
I ate at my favorite restaurant, consuming some fine red wine in the process. I
started walking the streets to pick up my spirits and digest my food.  In about
thirty minutes, I heard a voice.

"Davy.  What are you doing?"

"Just walking, Tink."

"Where are Mary and Andy?"

"Denver.  Want to join me?"

She was beside me now.  I did not know her real name.  We all called her Tink,
as in Tinker Bell. She was less than five feet tall and probably weighed less
than ninety pounds. She had very short blonde hair and a funny upturned nose
over a huge mouth. Not beautiful or even pretty, she was cute.  She was also all
muscle and a marvelous, fast, downhill skier who was a joy to watch.

I took a chance.

"Tink, do you prefer sirloin or tube steak?"

She looked up and grinned, the moonlight bouncing off her white teeth almost
blinding me.

"That is a lousy pick up line, Davy. If you mean do I want dinner, the answer is
no.  Do you mean do I want to get laid, the answer is yes."

Fucking Tink was like fucking a Tasmanian devil.  You know, the cartoon kind. 
Wild action, grunting noises and a lot of panting at the end.  That women was a
wonderful athlete, but she was so muscular her looks were less than ideal, with
breasts nothing more than bumps with nipples. In bed though, she was sweating
and squealing with a pussy so tight it was like fucking a keyhole.  She snuggled
up against me after the second time, as we fell asleep together.

I felt the bed move, but I had not heard them come in.

"Honey, I'm home," Andy whispered in my ear.  She pressed her front to my back,
spooning me, her breasts hot diamonds. I felt Mary stroke my arm from across
Tink.

I closed my eyes and went back to sleep.

To be continued . . .

Please! Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com







MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 20 (Celebrity Kittens)

A New Kitten

I awakened at the bottom of a human pile. Andy was crushed against one side, her
mass of blonde hair over my face inhibiting my breathing, her head over my arm.
Tinker Bell was jammed against me on the other side.  Sometime in the night,
Mary had rolled over Tink and me, crushing Tink into the bed, placing her head
next to mine on the pillow. Mary's fingers were wrapped around my cock.  As I
tried to disengage us, I got moans and mumbled complaints as they struggled to
move in their sleepy conditions. Tink was grumbling she was paralyzed, but I
knew Mary's weight had made her lower body become numb and she would be fine in
a few minutes. Finally, I got out of bed.

When I returned from the bathroom, Tink and Mary were gone. I heard china
rattling in the kitchen and hoped coffee was on its way. Andy was now on her
back, arms and legs splayed in a spread-eagle.  I crawled between her legs,
laying prone with my head in her crotch.

Gently, I began to lap her pussy with my tongue, letting it touch her clit on
each stroke.  I heard a tiny moan. I felt her legs twitch. Her delicious, sweet,
hairless pussy gave off that musk smell. I slipped my arms under her legs and
moved up the bed, bringing her legs up and open, trapped against the inside of
my elbows.  She shivered and her eyes fluttered as she tried to focus.

"Oh, Davy," she whispered as her hands found my cock and guided me to her pussy.
I felt her open her lips for me and move her hips to let me slide in.  "Quite,
little kitten," I said.  She began to purr as I slowly fucked her.  I took my
time, letting us build together. She was growling and sweaty as her legs
tightened when she orgasmed.  I let myself join her.  She locked her legs around
me, not letting me escape as I softened in her with our juices oozing out of her
around my cock.

"That was beautiful," Tink said with a sniffle.  She was standing beside the bed
watching us.  How long she had been there, I did not know.  I do know the coffee
she brought was perfect drinking temperature.

After a huge, hearty breakfast, Tink offered to teach Andy some new skills on
the slopes. They left together, happy and eager to begin their skiing.  Mary and
I cleaned up, dressed, grabbed our skis and walked to the lifts. We got in line
to take the gondola to mid-Vail, which is half way up Vail Mountain and the
starting point for all the lifts to the top and the bowls in back.

The ski area was packed with tourists which was to be expected since this was
one of the busiest days of the year.  Often, Vail residents do not ski when the
place is congested but I liked the crowds. They were festive, talking and
jostling, as they waited their turn to ride up the mountain to ski.

Then,  I saw her.

"You are drooling," Mary said with a laugh.  I felt her finger wipe away the
spittle on my chin. I blushed and she giggled, giving me a kiss on the cheek.
"What is there about her, Davy?  Why does a man who has all the women he wants
react to her like that?"

It was a legitimate question. Why does a man who has two very desirable, totally
submissive, wild, wonderful, sexual woman programmed for his every need, find
and fuck three others yesterday and now drool over another woman, even a woman
so well known?  I don't know everything.  But, I knew I wanted her.

"Want to meet her?"

"What?"

"Do you want to meet her?"

"Of course."

"She is a kitten."

That took a minute to sink in.  I was not sure I had heard her correctly.

"What did you say?"

"She is a kitten.  They all are."

"Mary, quit being cryptic. What are you trying to say?"  My voice was sharp but
my cock was controlling it and he, as always, felt a natural urgency.

"All of the women on her TV show have been programmed by Bert. They are all
kittens."

She had a laughing expression on her face like a mother explaining something
humorous to a not-to-bright child.

"Let me ask a question so I am sure I understand what you said.  She and all the
other women on Baywatch have been programmed to be kittens?  All I have to do is
ask my questions and she will go to bed with me?"

"Yes."

"Are you kidding me?"

"No."

Okay, so I was not sounding too bright but I certainly had not expected this.

"Please explain."

"Bert wanted to have sex with a lot of women.  He knew it would be difficult to
find them one by one. So, he often took them in groups.  He did all the Baywatch
women in one day. Of course, he had to go back a few times when they had cast
changes but he got them all."

She waited as I stood dumb, thinking about all those glorious creatures naked
with me. My mind was whirring with visions of them all running towards me,
shedding those red swim suits as they ran. My cock was a tree desperate to be
planted.

"Also, he did the same thing with some other shows."

"Other shows?"

"Yes. Friends, Melrose Place, Savannah, ER, some of the soaps.  He tried to get
the casts from all the Aaron Spelling shows.  Come on.  I will introduce you."

"You know her?"

"I was there when she was programmed.  I guess I forgot to tell you but they are
programmed to accept me as a friend so I can get past security and introduce
you. Well? Do you want to meet her?"

I will not tell you her name although I will give you a clue which is clearly
hidden in this sentence.  I will call her Eve.  Eve smiled at Mary when she saw
her, motioning Mary to her. "Let me introduce Dave Wilson, Eve," Mary said.  Eve
gave me that smile which melts the hearts and hardens the cocks of a billion men
worldwide, week after week.  I almost got lost in those blue eyes.

Eve and I rode side by side in a two-person chair lift up the mountain.  By the
time we reached the top, she was programmed just like I wanted her.  We excused
ourselves, took half an hour to ski to the bottom and went to my place.  I threw
a few Aspen logs on the fire and made some hot cocoa.  We sat on the sheepskin
rugs and got to know each other.

She knew why she was there, but she was in no hurry and neither was I. Time is
an ally of good sex.  I wanted to relish the part before the foreplay. We inched
closer to one another. We guys talk about tits and ass but it is the face which
really tells a woman's story.  Using her face and voice and body language, she
was seducing me.  Of course, I was not resisting but she was magnificent as she
varied the message, gradually intensifying, until I kissed her.  Her lips were
hot, her tongue active, just like you imagined.

I will not describe her body.  You have seen it many times scantily encased in a
red swim suit as she bounced in slow motion across the screen.  In real life it
was even better, her skin soft and smooth, the muscle toned and firm, the
textures rich and varied. Leisurely, we undressed each other, taking our time.

She took my hand, kissing the palm and then placed it over her breast, her
fingers pressing mine into the softness, the nipple hard against the spot on my
palm blessed with her lips a moment before.  Always her face, her eyes, held and
enthralled me. We eased down until we were prone, me looking down at her.  We
continued our mutual exploration.  When I slipped her pink panties down her wide
and flaring hips, she licked her lips in anticipation.

She was hot and eager.  She was a talker, little sounds constantly emitted in a
stream of aural ecstasy.  "Yes, please, oh, oh, so good, yes, come on, more,
harder, yes, yes."  It never stopped. Eyes closed, head back, hair like a silken
cloth around her head, she talked until she orgasmed, her pussy tight around my
cock as she whimpered.

I did not know if it was programming, or acting, or what.  I did not care. She
was as good as I had imagined.  I know your imagination works as well as mine so
close your eyes and let it go.

We made love, then fucked like two wildcats in an alley, then made love again. 
We were resting, my head on her breast, legs entwined, her arm around me, when I
heard a sound. Eve's eyes popped open and she gasped as she tried to pull the
comforter to cover herself.  I looked up to see Andy, who had a pen and paper in
her hand, standing over us with a star-struck expression.

"Miss Bleeth, may I please have your autograph?"

She began to laugh, a rich, hearty, sexy laugh.

So, now you know who she was. But, you had guessed from my clue, hadn't you?


To be continued . . .

Please! Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com






MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 21

Pinged

Andy was mortified. She began to blush, the red rising from somewhere under the
ski skin which encased her delicious body to cover her face.  She was red as a
lobster.  Her lower lip quivered.  Really though, it was a laughable situation.
There Eve (I will continue to call her that, if you don't mind) and I were,
naked and obviously freshly fucked, when Andy asked for Eve's autograph.

"I'm sorry, Davy," she whimpered and turned to leave.  I grabbed her ankle.
"Come back here," I said, pulling her down beside me. Andy looked as guilty as a
puppy caught pooping on the carpet.  When Eve finally controlled her laughter,
she was very nice to Andy, and signed the autograph she requested.

"Who is she?" Eve asked.   "Andrea Matthews," I answered.

"No. I mean, what is she to you?"

Andy's eyes were boring into me as I thought.  It was a good question.  What was
Andy to me?  She was my kitten, but I could hardly explain to someone that meant
a chemically programmed sex slave.  She was my roommate, but that sounded like
we were assigned the same room by some liberal college somewhere.  Friend? She
was more than that.  Lover? Yes.  Concubine? I am not a king.  Personal slut?
Andy was not at all slutty unless I told her to be.

I knew Andy remembered my proposal of marriage on the streets of San Francisco
when a movie star and I got in a bidding war for her services as she game-played
as a hooker. Fianc� then?  Andy had told me she did not need a piece of paper to
belong to me, that the proposal was enough for her.  Sweetheart?  That is what
she called me. It was a nice, old-fashioned word.

"Sweetheart," I said.  Andy liked that.  I could tell by her smile.

"Andy, do you mind your sweetheart having sex with another woman?"  Eve asked.

"Of course not.  I understand a man needs many women while a woman is most happy
with just one man.  A good woman, like me, helps her man by encouraging him to
have sex with other women and finding them for him.  Don't you do that for your
man?"

If there were any question Andy had been programmed, that statement alone should
vanquish it.  At first, Eve thought Andy was putting her on, but, as they
talked, Eve realized Andy was sincere. Still, she decided to put it to the test.

"So, Andy, if Dave and I were to have sex right in front of you, you would not
mind?"

"Not in the least.  In fact, I would like to join in, if you don't mind."

That is how Eve, Andy and I ended up naked in the big bed, doing wonderful
things to each other. Picture Eve.  That should be easy since everyone has seen
her in a skimpy red swim suit.  Picture Andy. That should be easy, too. 
Envision what each of them looks like. Then, see them together on the bed,
naked, nipples touching as they gently caress each other.  Picture yourself
squeezing between them to everyone's delight and the two of them focusing all
that girl power on you.  Nice picture, isn't it?

I think Eve was surprised when Andy decided to take my cum from her pussy, and
more surprised when she orgasmed from it.   I was not at all surprised by Andy's
actions or Eve's response.  She was a sexual women being pleasured by a sexual
woman.

Before she left, Eve offered to get Andy a screen test for Baywatch, since Andy
had already passed the most important test for that organization, which is a
body to die for. Truthfully, Andy was better looking than any of them.  I
realized it was the second time someone in show business had offered Andy a
start.

The three of us went back out into the beautiful, sunshiny day.  I followed
behind them about five paces just to watch the crowd reaction.  The Pope and the
President together would not have turned more heads.   I had beeped Mary so I
knew she and Eve's escort were at The Left Bank, nibbling hor d'oeuvres and
sipping wine.  We joined them there.  I could tell from Eve's conversation the
whole time with me was wiped from her conscious mind.  We said our goodbyes,
leaving Eve to explain to her escort why she was too tired to do anything else
that evening.

"Well? How was she?" Mary asked.

"Absolutely fantastic.  Almost as good as you."  Andy cleared her throat. "Or,
Andy," I added.  She beamed.

"Ready for another one?"

"What do you mean?"

"I saw (she named the star of another series).  She is a kitten, too."

What the hell.  A guy has to do what a guy has to do.  Later, after it was all
over, I must say that one did not compare to Eve or to my kittens.  Still, she
wasn't bad.

A blizzard rolled in while I was enjoying myself with the other star.  By the
time it was over during the night, we would get twenty-one inches of new snow. 
The kittens and I hit a steak house, ordered ribeyes medium rare with potatoes
and merlot.  After dinner, we trudged back to the house.  Through the blowing
snow, I could see a strange car parked in the driveway.  As we got closer, the
car doors swung open.

It was my Dad, Mom and my three sisters.

"Surprise!  Merry Christmas!" they yelled.  Damn, it was good to see them. This
Christmas was not going to be the first time I was away from them after all.
After hugging and laughing our greetings, we unloaded all their belongings,
including a pile of presents, and went back to the steak house since they had
not eaten.

The kittens and I sipped wine as the others ate.  I suddenly realized Mom and my
sisters, Abby, Betty and Cathy, were also my kittens since they had been
programmed by Uncle Bert, who was my father but not theirs.  I don't want to go
through all that again.  You remember, don't you?

Andy and I had visited with Mom and Dad (as I continued to call Charles) in LA
when we visited after our training with Madame Delilah.  It was then I had taken
Mom into her trance and commanded her to make sure Dad was the best fucked man
in LA.

I had never seen Dad look better. His eyes were bright, he had lost some weight. 
He was trim and fit.  More importantly, he acted as happy as I could ever
remember seeing him. Mom looked good, too. And, she looked more relaxed than
usual.  I noticed she was wearing a baggy sweater but it seemed to stick out
more than I remembered. I wondered.

I had not seen my sisters since Bert's funeral.  Abby and Betty, the twins, were
almost twenty.  My birthday was January 19.  Theirs was January 20 two years
later. They were typical, bubbly, sweet young women.  Both were very smart and
pretty but not beautiful. Looking at them, I would have guessed they were
virgins although I knew Uncle Bert had taken care of that problem some years
back.  They just had that virgin look.

Cathy was another story. Eighteen (her birthday was in September) and just
starting college, Cathy had an IQ of 175.  She also had a body that almost
equaled Andy's.  She was very sexual but not slutty.  She was a classy young
woman. But, that was not it. Cathy had something else.

Let me see if I can describe it adequately.

Submarines use their electronic underwater listening apparatus, sonar, to "ping"
other submarines.  That ping lets the target sub know the "pinging" sub is
there. Surface ships are unaware. Subs not targeted are unaware.  Only the sub
being pinged hears the ping. If you were a Russian sub pinged by an American
sub, it would make you very cautious. You would be on eternal alert as long as
that American sub was nearby.  Your torpedoes would be loaded and ready.

Cathy pinged men.  Ping, ping.  You could almost feel it when she walked into a
room. She was sending signals, pinging every man she wanted to target. They
would jump, their backs would straighten. They would look around until they saw
her and identified her as the source of the energy they were receiving. They
were on alert. And, I am sure their torpedoes were loaded and ready to fire.

I do not know if it was smell, or something about her expression, or mental
telepathy.  I just know they knew she was there.  She would be in the forefront
of their thought until she was out of pinging range, whatever that was. And,
Cathy knew exactly where every man was and how hard she had pinged him.

Uncle Bert had not programmed this.  Mary did not have it and neither did Andy. 
Even Eve, who made her living transmitting sexual signals over television
signals, did not have it.  This was something in Cathy.

As I looked around the restaurant, I could tell the men Cathy had pinged. They
were receiving signals. Dad seemed to be unaware. I wondered if Cathy did not
ping him because he was her father or if he did not accept the ping for the same
reason.  Or, maybe, some men just did not receive any pings, assuming other
women gave off the same signals.

Wondering if I had even been pinged by Cathy, I remembered once about two years
ago when she came in from a date. Cathy had looked disheveled as if she had been
petting heavily. She saw me sitting in the corner reading as she walked into the
den. I had felt it then, a sharp, almost physical stabbing at if someone was
sticking the point of a toothpick against my abdomen.  Cathy had been staring at
me.  It was a very sexual stare which made my cock hard.  She had looked away
and gone to her room.  The pinging did not stop until I heard her door close.

Ping, ping, ping.  I was feeling it now.  I looked at Cathy who was staring
directly at me with a secretive, wanton, "I want to fuck you" look.  I felt the
toothpick. My cock twitched. The pinging stopped as she looked away, rejoining
the conversation. As I glanced around the table, it appeared no one else had
seen our exchange except Mary. She had that look in her eye as she watched me
over her wine glass.

Dinner over, we all headed back toward the house. We sent Andy and Dad on a
detour to the small market nearby to pick up extra supplies for the bigger
crowd. I led the five kittens into my lair.  By the time Andy and Dad got back,
I had programmed Mom, Abby, Betty and Cathy like I wanted them.

Mary and I had talked.  I knew there were programmed men. Uncle Bert said he had
programmed Dad to accept me as his son.  I asked Mary what the commands were.

"The initial question is: 'Do you prefer steak or pie?'" If the man replies, 'I
prefer pie if it is rich and sweet' then he is programmed.  Then, you say, "This
is a sweet, juicy pie, with a full crust which is plumb around the edges.'  He
will answer, 'Where do I find it?'  You then give him the command."

When Dad walked in, I took him into a trance.

This was going to be my best Christmas ever.

To be continued . . .

Please! Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com







MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 22 (Predatory Sex)

The Predator

There we all were, sitting in the big living room in my house in Vail, the one
Uncle Bert had left me.  It was the evening of December 23.  I was in my easy
chair. Dad was on the couch with Mom next to him. Andy was on the floor beside
me but not between my legs since I wanted that space available. Her hand slipped
under my pants leg to stroke my bare calf. Mary was on the floor, leaning
against the wall.  I knew she had taken that position so she could watch all our
faces. Abby, Betty and Cathy were perched here and there.

Everyone in the room had been programmed by Uncle Bert to accept instructions
from me. And, I had used my key phrase on all of them to prepare them for what
lay ahead.

Was I in control?  No.  In fact, I was apprehensive about what was going to
happen.  Remember, Mary had said all the kittens had been programmed
identically, but I knew that was not correct. Uncle Bert had told me Mom was the
first person he programmed.  I knew her programming was more complex because she
had been instructed to raise me in a certain manner. And, I knew Cathy had been
the source of disagreement between Uncle Bert and Dad, so I suspected something
was amiss there.

When I had asked Mary about their programming last night, she was unsure,
admitting she was not involved directly in the programming of my family members
but only non family members like Eve. Then, when I put each of them, my sisters
and mother, into their trances, I received verbal and nonverbal signs the
programming was having different effects on each of them.

So, what in the hell was going to happen?

Ping, ping, ping.  I felt it.  I tried not to look at Cathy but my eyes were
drawn to her like iron to a magnet.  She was staring at me. A fine sweat had
erupted on her chin.  Her tongue snaked out to lick away a droplet of sweat.  I
took a deep breath.  I swear I could smell her pussy juices.

The others were still, as if frozen in time, seemingly unaware of Cathy's
pinging, except Mary. She was staring at me, too, as if she were reading my
mind.

"Well, how was your flight?" I asked.

"It was wonderful," Mom began and the conversation moved to light, family
matters such as the neighborhood we lived in and things at work. Even Cathy's
pinging me stopped.   We talked about Abby and Betty's grades and where Cathy
was going to college. Normal things. Until I asked an innocent question.

"Mom, what is Dad getting you for Christmas?"

Mom look startled, and her eyes locked onto Dad.  Tension flooded from them.

"I already have your father's present," she said, never looking away from him.

"Show us, Mom. Come on," Abby chirped.

"Please, Mom," Betty chipped in.

"Oh, I couldn't."

"Of course you can, Mom. Show us your present," I said.  I did not think about
it being a command to a kitten, but it was.

Mom's eyes moved around the room, looking at each one of us. Then, in one smooth
movement, she removed her big, bulky sweater, leaving herself naked to the
waist.  We all stared at Mom's breasts which were big, high, firm, and,
amazingly, had a small, gold ring through each nipple.

"Breast implants," she said.  "Your father got me breast implants for Christmas.
And, nipple rings."

That is the problem with inheriting kittens rather than making them kittens
yourself.  I never knew how the programming was done, what exactly the words
were, what to expect in an unusual situation.  But, that may be an excuse.  I
knew Mom was programmed and the way I said it was an order. So, it was really my
doing as much as Uncle Bert's.  I just did not think about it before I spoke.
Or, did I, reaching some subconscious decision?

Anyone would think that if a mother were to strip to the waist to show her
breasts to her children, someone would have been horrified. It was not a "Brady
Bunch" family-type incident.

"Mother, they are beautiful. May I feel?" Betty asked.  Quickly, all three
daughters, and Andy were examining the implants in their human containers,
babbling away like it was a hen party.  Dad just grinned. Mary was quiet, still
watching me.

"I wanted them so much. After nursing all of you and . . . "  Mother was
explaining as if she were talking about a new dress purchased for a party.

"I think they are even prettier than mine," Cathy said.  She pulled off her top
to reveal beautiful, picture-perfect breasts.  Abby and Betty exchanged glances. 
In unison, they were topless. Andy looked at me for permission. When I nodded
acquiescence, she joined the display.  When I looked at Mary, she shook her head
no. I looked away, letting her make the decision.

I wish I could have been inside their brains, knowing what was happening as they
chirped and touched each other, five topless women who had never been topless in
front of each other before. A mother, three daughters and the son's sweetheart
all stripped to the waist, comparing breasts, talking about implants. Jerry
Springer would have a field day.

"What do you think, Davy?  Who has the prettiest breasts?"  Cathy asked the
question. As she spoke, the pinging started again and she was pinging me hard. 
All of them turned to face me. They waited expectantly for my answer, five
lovely faces above ten lovely breasts.

Sweat broke out on my face. For an instant, my eyes unfocused as my head reeled. 
Fortunately, I was trained as a scientist and Uncle Bert had programmed me to
think clearly and logically. But, that damned pinging and all those naked
breasts were making it difficult to concentrate. My cock was about to explode in
my pants.

I mumbled the appropriate words, saying they were all wonderful and so forth.
Suddenly, the pinging stopped.  The conversation turned back to normal things
and they returned to their seats although all five of them stayed topless. Mary
refreshed the drinks and brought out more snacks. Betty helped her.

I bet Uncle Bert was looking down on us, laughing like crazy at my predicament
and hard as a rock from seeing his kittens bare breasted. I had to smile to
myself.  I was glad I had talked my way out of selecting the prettiest pair. I
would have picked Andy but that would have hurt the others.  Not a good
situation. Cathy was a very close second but the others were not far behind.

Mom was only forty, just four years older than my Mary. As I said, she always
had been asexual to me but seeing her now....  I know Dad looked happier than I
had ever seen him.

I felt the pinging again. Cathy was staring at me, transmitting enough sexual
energy to power Vail for a week.  My cock was begging for her.  My mind was
torn.  It wanted Cathy, too, but it was consciously enjoying the family
interplay as subconsciously it worked on the problem of programming versus
natural instincts.

My cock won out.  Do I detect a pattern here?

"Abby, what are you getting Dad for Christmas?" I asked, interrupting their
conversation.

"Oh, nothing special," she murmured.

"Betty?"

She did not answer.

"Why don't both of you give him something very special?  Something a man would
really want." They knew what I meant.  You could read it in their actions and in
the blush that started at their belly buttons and rose to cover them.

"Oh, that sounds like a wonderful idea," Mom said.  I am sure that was a direct
result of my programming her to make Dad the best fucked man in LA. Mom stood
and extended her hand to Dad, who stood by her.  They started for the back
bedroom.  The twins looked at me for instructions.

"Go. Fuck him long and hard," I said.  Abby and Betty followed our parents to
the back.

I extended my hand to Cathy. With a slutty grin, she took it.  As I led her into
the bedroom, I heard Andy and Mary walking behind us.

I told you Cathy pinged men, any man she wanted to target, just as she had been
pinging me. Comparing her to a nuclear attack submarine was appropriate.  Cathy
was a predator.  Uncle Bert had seen it from day one, I am sure.  I had seen it
several years ago. If she saw a man she wanted, she went after him.  Sexual
energy flowed from her like bullets.

I instructed Mary and Andy to undress and watch but not participate.  Andy had a
sad expression, like a child being told you are taking her sister to the movies
but not her. She was not upset I was playing with another women.  She was upset
she could not play, too.  Mary had that same inscrutable expression as she began
to undress.

Cathy started to undress me.  As you know, more than one woman has undressed me. 
And, I have enjoyed more than one.  Cathy was different. Mary or Andy or even
Eve were loving, soft, caring, funny, sexy, sensual, or a host of other positive
emotions when they stood opposite me, their fingers busy on my buttons.  Looking
into Cathy's eyes were like looking into the eyes of a tiger.  A hungry tiger. 
In the wild, not the zoo.  There was no cage to protect me.  And, all the while
the pinging continued.

"God, I've wanted to fuck you since I was fourteen, big brother. Do you know how
many times I came home from a date and wanted to get in your bed?"  My shirt was
off and she was undoing my belt. She was sweating profusely, making her slick
breasts slide across my bare chest. She ground her mouth into mine. My pants
fell to the floor. She tugged at my boxers.

"Come on, Davy! Take me!" she demanded, ripping off her slacks.

I fucked Cathy look and hard. She was magnificent, a well-oiled, well-made
fucking machine. I have never seen a woman sweat as much, soaking the sheets
under us. From the first stroke, she was intense, more intense then most women
get only when they are ready to climax.  Her nails dug into my back, her heels
slammed against me like a jockey kicking on his horse. She orgasmed time and
time again, thrusting, arching, her eyes unfocused and wild. Cathy never closed
her eyes.  Not once.  They always were open, letting me see into her soul.

If I had not programmed myself not to ejaculate, I would have cum a dozen times. 
She was that good.

The strange part was with each orgasm, she seemed to intensify even more, if
that was possible. She got no relief. She started to cry, tears of sexual
frustration flowing from her beautiful but swollen eyes. I stopped and pulled
out.

"No, damn you, no! Don't stop!"  I slapped her across the face.  Stunned, she
stared at me.

"Cathy, this is an order. An order. You will obey me.  You will not orgasm again
until I give you permission. I will count down. Only when I say orgasm, will you
orgasm. Then, you will become totally relaxed and sleep until you are completely
rested."

Frantically, she shook her head affirmatively.

When I jammed into her again, she wrapped around me in desperation. I fucked
her, feeling her tighten, like a spring being twisted to the breaking point. I
felt the ache in my ass and legs where her heels were smashing into me, felt the
rip in my back where her nails cut me. She bit into my shoulder, driving her
teeth through my flesh, drawing blood.

"Five, four, three, two, one, orgasm!"

She screamed as her pussy locked on my cock.  I exploded in her, in self defense
to keep from being crushed by the force of her pussy muscles.  As she fainted, I
felt the hot liquid as her bladder released and she pissed on us.

As I rolled off her, Andy slipped between her splayed legs.

"Leave her alone, Andy," I said.

"Please, Davy. You are my man.  No matter how many women you have, you are
always my only man.  I want my man's cum.  Please. Give me permission.  I do not
ask much of you."

I gave permission.  I heard Andy slurping happily as I passed out.

To be continued . . .

Please! Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com







MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 23 (MFFF MC FUN)

Proper Lady

Mary shook me, awakening me.  She said I had only been out about three minutes. 
Mary had cleaned up Cathy, wiping her with a damp cloth.  As she instructed,  I
carried Cathy into the small third bedroom and put her to bed. Mary covered her
over and closed the door as we left.  When we returned to my bedroom, Andy was
changing the sheets.  It was impossible to say if Cathy had lost more water by
sweating or pissing. Whichever, the sheets and bedding were soaked.  I sat on
the small stool at the kittens' dressing table as Mary swabbed my wounds with
alcohol to cleanse them. I could see the teeth marks Cathy left on the thick
muscle by my collarbone. Each tooth had cut the skin. Already, it was angry,
blue and sore as hell.

"Ouch."

"Quit being a baby. Of course, it is going to sting some. I wonder if you need
stitches."

"Oh, great. How would I explain that to the doctor? 'Doctor, I was fucking my
sister and I was so good she bit me hard enough to need stitches.'  Think of
something else."

Mary stopped working on me, standing back to look in my face. She looked very
worried.

"Davy, something is wrong with Cathy.  She is out of control.  That was not
normal intercourse.  I watched her tonight and I watched you.  She needs your
help."

"She is just intense."

"No, Davy.  I am intense.  Cathy was frantic."

I had thought the same thing.  I wondered if Uncle Bert had programmed her to be
this way, or, if there was a conflict between Cathy's nature and the
programming. I wondered if Dad knew and that was the reason he and Uncle Bert
fought over Cathy.  I hated to think Uncle Bert had done something like this to
my sister intentionally. Had the devil dog bit him?  Was that the reason he was
putting me through so much before I got the formula?

"Are you all right?"

I looked up to see Abby and Betty standing at the door. They were naked,
standing shyly but uncovered.  Two peas in a pod. Identical twins.  They looked
frightened but then they could see my wounded back and neck better than I.

"Cathy got carried away."

"We heard her scream. Is everything okay?"

"It will be in the morning. How was Dad?"

They giggled. "Go ahead. Tell him," Betty snickered.

"Well, with the altitude change, the alcohol and trip exhaustion.  Dad took Mom
first. Then, well, Dad went to sleep."

Poor Dad.  He was not programmed to last forever like I was. Mom got him before
the girls and he was fucked out.

"Davy, we are . . . "   Abby blushed.  I grinned.  "Say it!"

"We are horny. Could you, I mean, would you like to?"

"Ladies, I would love to, but I am whipped.  I will have to take a rain check.
Borrow Mary's vibrator collection."

Did I just turn down fucking two beautiful and sexy young women?  I must be more
tired than I realized.  I barely made it to bed before I was asleep.

I was on my back when I awakened.  Andy was kneeling over me, treating the wound
on my shoulder.

"Hi, sweetheart.  Ready for coffee?"

"Oh, yes. What time is it?"

"Christmas Eve, about ten in the morning.  I'll be right back." She kissed me
lightly before bouncing off to bring me that life giving black liquid.  Soon, I
was propped up in the big bed. Mary and Andy were on each side of me.

"Cathy is still asleep.  Your parents feel great and went for a walk through
town.  Abby and Betty are moving slowly and walking stiffly," Mary said,
bringing me up to speed.

"I heard them all night.  They must have come a million times," Andy said. She
was not complaining, just reporting the events.  She did not even see those
events as unusual.

"How is Cathy?"

"I check her ever hour or so.  She is dead to the world, but she seems all
right.  Come into the kitchen.  I will cook something for you."

"I will do it, Mom," Andy said, jumping up to get started.

I sipped coffee as Andy whipped up a little breakfast.  Since it was close to
noon, I only had three eggs, six slices of bacon and two pieces of toast with a
quart of milk to wash them down. Andy was becoming quite a good cook.  She
hummed to herself as she efficiently moved about the kitchen. I liked those
movements.

Normally when we were at home, Andy wore what I keep calling ski skins. That is
a trade name for a form fitting, two-ply garment which provides excellent
insulation and can be worn under heavier clothes for insulation or as outerwear. 
"Form fitting" was the key phrase in that sentence.  I have commented on her
body before, but a body like that cannot have too many comments in my view.

Some women are soft, some overly muscular, particularly the natives in the
mountains where skiing and hiking are dominant pastimes.  Andy was a perfect
combination, with a softness where she should have it and muscles where they
should be. The muscles moved under the tight ski skin as she worked, providing a
delightful picture for me.

She put the food in front of me and sat by me, hand on my leg, looking at me
with total love.  I do not know what I did to be so lucky, but I would do it
again in a minute.  We talked about little things, as two lovers would, as I
wolfed down my meal, eating in less time than it took to prepare it.  I watched
her again as she cleaned up the kitchen.

"I want the hot tub.  My muscles are sore," I said.

"Come on, sweetheart.  I will join you."

Uncle Bert's houses had several commonalities. Each had a well-equipped kitchen
complete with freezer.  They had huge master bedrooms with giant beds, a multi
person shower in the bath and video equipment so you could watch from (or film
in) bed.  They had big living rooms with giant fireplaces.  The fireplaces had
sheepskins rugs and mink comforters in front of them.  They had big hot tubs
with gas powered, high intensity heaters.

I stripped and jumped in the hot tub. Andy was right behind me.  She sat behind
me at first, massaging my neck and back, being careful not to rub those places
injured by Cathy. I had seen my back in a mirror.  I was covered with cuts and
bruises as if I had been in a car wreck.  I leaned back against her as she
wrapped her arms over my shoulders, kissing me a hundred times, interspersing
the kisses with sweet murmurings on my ear. We sat like that for a while.  When
we had enough of the heat and pulsating water, she kissed me softly on the cheek
and walked up the two steps.

I was standing in the water and she was toweling off on the side when I said it. 
I did not plan to say it.  It just came out.

"I love you."

I can still see her standing there. She froze with her hands under her chin, the
towel dangling to cover her suggestively. Her blue eyes were big and wide, with
a surprised look. Her mouth was open in the form of an O.  Her long blonde hair
was wet and clung to her naked body. Tears formed in her eyes.

"What did you say?"  She gasped it out.

"I love you."

She shrieked as if she were shot, threw the towel aside and launched herself
into me, knocking me on my back under the water. I felt her lips crush mine as
her body weight forced me under.  Normally, a beautiful woman showing her love
for you is a wonderful thing.

Normally.  I was drowning.

The hot tub was slick from the musk-scent oil I put in it and I could not get
traction to get my head up.  I felt a hand grab me by the neck, pulling me up as
the person pushed Andy off me.  It was Mary.  She had come running when she
heard Andy's shriek, saw what was happening and jumped in to rescue me. I gagged
and sputtered, gasping, trying to get my breath.

"Andy, you need to listen to your mother. I told you to fuck him to death, not
drown him."

"Oh, Mom, he told me he loves me."  Then, she realized she had almost killed me
and was desolate with sorrow, crying as she fluttered around me. Mary patted her
lovingly.

"I know he does, honey, but he cannot love you if he is dead. Now, why don't you
take him in the bedroom."

The two of them helped me out of the hot tub and dried me off, which is no bad
deal. Andy took my hand to lead me into the bedroom.

"Davy?" Mary called to me. "Have you ever said 'quiet, little lady' to her?"

"No. Why?"

"Try it."  She had a funny smile on her face.

As you remember, Andy was a screamer, yelling obscenities at the top of her
voice when she was having sex. Uncle Bert had programmed her three ways: to mew
and purr like a kitten; to coo like a dove; or, to speak in lady like tones.  I
enjoyed her purring so much, I rarely had her coo and never used the lady like
tones. Since I had to program her each time we fucked, I would try lady like
this time.

"Would you feel better on top or would you like me to do that?" Andy asked
sweetly.

"You get on top this time."

Andy was always passionate, her desire for me strong, but she never rushed
unless she knew that is what I wanted.  She touched and tantalized every inch of
me with every inch of her, particularly her fingertips, nipples and hairless
pussy. I was hard and ready when she finally eased me into her hot wetness. I
put my hands on her waist, resting the palms on her hips.

"Quiet, little lady," I whispered.

She smiled down at me, then spoke in round, perfect tones in a voice identical
to Helena Bonham Carter.

"Oh, David, I find your penis in me to be so stimulating."

"What did you say?" I could not believe my ears.

"Your penis is stimulating, David.  Is there something wrong with that?"

"When did you start to talk like that?"  Our motion had stopped. I was too
surprised to fuck.

"Talk like what, David?  All proper English ladies speak this way.  Is that not
what you wished?  To have intercourse with a proper lady. I must say, David,
would you kindly determine what it is you wish to do."

"Yes. Fuck a lady sounds great."

"Ladies never use that word, David. I do wish you would speak more properly when
we make love.  Should I carry on, then?"

"Carry on. Please."

"Of course. I would be delighted."

She started to move again on my cock.  I heard a giggle in the doorway. Mary was
strangling a laugh.

To be continued . . .

Please! Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com







MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 24 (XMAS SEX)

Christmas Eve

My cock was buried to the hilt in Andy's hot, dripping pussy. She was on top,
where she had ridden me to a magnificent climax.  She had thrown her hair
forward, arranging it around us like a small tent covering our heads.  The
sunlight filtered through her golden hair into the small world she created just
for us.  Her big, blue eyes were soft, loving. She was leaning on her elbows,
allowing her nipples and breasts to rest on my chest.  Slowly, she lowered her
head to kiss me.

It was so private, so intimate, coupled like that, the world blocked out. I
truly felt at one with her, as if I had never been complete.

"I love you so, David. All I want from this life is to make you happy." She
squeezed my cock with her pussy for emphasis.

"And, I love you, Andy.  More than you realize."

We began to move again, slowly accelerating.  I could feel her sweat dropping on
my face and chest, feel her legs tight around my sides.  I pulled her down to
suck her nipples, licking the salt from her areola. Faster and faster she moved,
gasping, talking to me in those delightful English tones.  Sweet nothings
meaning so much.  Endearments gone in an instant to last forever.

"David, David, oh, David," she groaned as she arched her back, flipping her hair
away.  It was the first time she had called my name during sex in some time.  I
liked it.  I let myself go.  Fulfilled, she lay on me, stretching her legs back
and together to rest them.  I softened in her as her head lay beside mine, her
breathing slow in my ear.

"Do you two want some lunch?"

Mary was standing at the door.  I patted the bed beside me. Gracefully, Mary lay
by us. Andy's face was towards her, but her hair covered her eyes.  Mary pushed
Andy's hair back to reveal her face.

"I love him, Mom."

"I know, baby.  I love him, too."

I felt Andy tense.  She lifted her head, propping up on an elbow. Her eyes
blazed and her jaw was set.

"Nobody loves him like I do."

"I know that, too, baby, and, so does he."

Mary had made a huge pot of a thick beef, barley and vegetable stew, brimming
with goodness and energy.  She served it with a hearty European style bread she
had purchased at the local bakery. My parents, Abby and Betty had eaten and gone
skiing.

"I tried to wake Cathy. She has been asleep almost sixteen hours now.  I think
you need to go check her," Mary said after I finished my second bowl.

Cathy was on her back, snoring lightly, arms splayed.  I sat beside her. She
looked so young and innocent.   "Cathy, wake up," I said as I gently shook her.
She turned on her side.  Mary handed me an ice cube.  I put it at the base of
Cathy's skull, rubbing it back and forth.  She started to come around.

Cathy was groggy, but rested, very calm.  We talked for almost an hour before I
let her go eat. During that time, I put her into her trance once to see what
response I would get.  Andy helped Cathy dress and took her into the kitchen to
feed her.  Mary and I went back to my bedroom.

I lay back on the bed, pulling Mary down on top of me.

"You horny already?" she laughed.

"No. I just want to hold you."

"She means it you know.  She is desperately in love with you."

I did not answer.

"So am I, but not like Andy.  I will always be here for you, but Andy loves you
like I loved Bert."

I was very angry at Bert right now.  I believed he had made my sister a
nymphomaniac.

"Why did he do it, Mary?  Why did he hurt Cathy like that?"

Mary got up, locked the door, and told me to sit in the arm chair next to the
dresser.  She knelt between my legs.  I knew a message was coming from Uncle
Bert.

"Davy, hi. Well, I really do not know what is going on with you but I guess you
are angry at me right now. That is the only way this message could be accessed,
if you were angry over Cathy. Please listen to me.  I love, I mean, I loved
women, all women. I have had sex with over 3,000 of them from fourteen to
eighty-one.  Everyone was wonderful.  I have never hurt a woman.  I should
explain that.  I do not count putting them in bondage or whipping them or having
them pierced or fucking them long and hard in all three holes as hurting. Even
when they cried and begged for me to stop, we both knew they were enjoying
themselves.

Out of all those women there was only one I programmed to have less sex, to be
less sensual. Cathy.  She is the most sexual woman I ever met.  I even wondered
if she was my child because her sex drive is as strong as mine is.

I first had Cathy when she was fourteen.  I took her virginity then. I really
had no choice.  It was when I was visiting your family in Boston, when Charles
was a fellow at Harvard.  Everyone was gone for some reason leaving Cathy and me
alone in the house.  I was napping in that small back bedroom when I felt a
physical force, like someone poking me with a finger. My cock got rock hard.  I
looked around and I was alone.

The force got stronger and my cock got harder.  I slipped off my pants to beat
off since I needed relief more than I could remember in a long time. I had just
laid back down and grabbed my cock when the door opened.  It was Cathy.  She was
wearing a robe. I was frozen, not even letting go of my cock, as she walked
towards me.  She let the robe slip to the floor.

She was naked.  Even at fourteen, Cathy had a magnificent body. She pushed my
hand away and lowered her lips to my cock.  Good lord, can that woman suck cock!  
When she was ready, she mounted me.

Speaking for the first time, she said, "This is my first time, Uncle Bert. Be
still for me."  She lodged the head of my cock between her lower lips, inching
downward until I felt her hymen against my cock tip.  I saw a steely look come
in her eyes. She jammed down hard.  Her virginity was gone.  We fucked until
neither of us could walk.

I told your parents I had the flu when they came in that night.  I could not get
out of bed. Even then, she was probably the best fuck I ever had except for
Mary.

Cathy and I fucked many times after that.  And, we talked.  She confided in me. 
She was fucking every guy she could find. Davy, she was even doing it for money,
getting paid by several man in LA.  I never wanted my niece to be a whore so I
programmed her to reduce her sex drive, to be more discreet and discerning.  It
did not work.  It may have reduced her sexual encounters, but it appears the
encounters she has are more powerful and lasted longer.  Sort of binge fucking,
if that makes sense.

But, I think I have figured it out.  I think she is reacting to the programming
the reverse of how she is programmed.  Think of attention deficit disorder
children.  They are given a stimulant to make them calm.  I think Cathy needs to
be programmed to fuck more in order to reduce her fucking, as strange as that
sounds.

One problem. I have only a little formula left. By now, that has been given to
you by Andy. So, I cannot reprogram Cathy.

You need to find the formula, Davy, so Cathy can be reprogrammed.  If she is
not, I am afraid something terrible will happen to her.

I would never hurt her intentionally, Davy.  I never hurt anyone.  Remember, I
was a lover, not a fighter.

Good luck, and I love you."

Mary's head dropped to her chest as it always did after a message from Uncle
Bert. She was exhausted as I helped her into bed and covered her over. She was
asleep before I left the room.

I was stunned.  And, for the first time since I got that first message from
Andy, I was truly energized to find the formula.  I needed to do it for Cathy if
for no one else.

I joined Andy and Cathy in the dining room, having a small snack of stew and
bread with some cheddar cheese, two Diet Cokes, potato chips and a piece of pie. 
The pie was cherry, made by Andy, who was taking pride in her cooking.

Cathy looked anything but sexual.  She looked tired but happy, and at peace. I
wondered how long it would last.  The two kittens were becoming fast friends. 
As I looked at them together, they seemed more like sisters than Cathy did to
the twins. Uncle Bert had wondered if Cathy was his child.

Now, it occurred to me Andy might be his child, making her Cathy's half-sister. 
On, no.  That would make her my half-sister, too!

I was contemplating what that would do to my life when the door opened.  It was
Mom, Dad and the twins, back from skiing.  They were exhilarated and tired,
ready for a break, before trying one last run for the day. Mom's face was red
with that cold and sun burned look people get when then ski.  Also, there was a
look in her eye.  Nervously, she took Dad's hand to lead him to the back.

"What is with Mom?" I asked.  The twins gave each other that look again.

"I think Mom's nipple rings got cold. That made her nipples erect."  We all
started to laugh.  Betty did not have to explain the rest of it.

The twins wanted to rest and Cathy said she would prefer just laying around the
house in her robe. Andy and I dressed and headed for the slopes for a run or two
before night fall.  We were standing in line behind a family from Chicago:
husband, wife and three teenagers. Everyone was having a good time and talking
about Christmas which was just a few hours away.  Like I said, I love festive
crowds.

The wife looked at us together and asked, "When did you two get married?"

"Oh, we are not married.  We are not even engaged," Andy answered.

Then, she looked at me.   Every man out there who has ever been married, been
engaged, or had a real serious sweetheart, knows the look I am talking about
because you have gotten it from your woman.  And, all you woman know what I mean
because you have given that look.

It scared me to death and melted my heart at the same time. I did not know what
to say.  That was all right with Andy, in a way.  She knew how I felt about her. 
Still . . . Fortunately, the woman's kids broke in and I was rescued before I
had to answer.

When we finished the first run, we saw Abby and Betty, who were back out for
their last run of the day.  They had picked up two boys about my age.  We
visited in line, learning they were college buddies from Ole Miss up for the
holidays. My guess was those good old boys would be fucking my sisters before
the day was over.  That was all right with me. Abby and Betty deserved to have
fun, too.

After the last run, we all went back to the house. The guys, Chet and Jason,
joined us. Cathy had dressed by then, wearing ski skins borrowed from Andy. With
Mom, Mary, Abby, Betty, Andy, and Cathy all dressed in form fitting clothes, we
guys all thought we had fallen into heaven.

Dad had built a huge fire in the fireplace and made a bunch of egg nog.  Mom was
helping Mary in the kitchen with the big, Christmas time meal which we were
having on Christmas Eve. Turkey, potatoes, everything. You know. Just like
Christmas with your family.    It was joyous.

After dinner, we adjourned to the living room.  Not too long later, Chet and
Jason suggested bar hopping, although I think they wanted to get Abby and Betty
away.  We all decided to go, even Cathy who looked tired.

It was about eleven when we got back.  Abby and Betty stayed out with their
dates.  Cathy went straight to bed as did Mom and Dad. My two favorite kittens
and I curled up in front of the fire with our egg nog, wrapped ourselves in the
mink comforters and cuddled.

"I wish Bert was here," Mary said.  I knew she missed him desperately. But, that
reminded me.

"Mary, who is Andy's father?"

"Oh, I guy I met up here.  He was an orthopedic surgeon at the hospital. Funny.
I have almost forgotten what he looked like."

"Are you sure?"

She looked at me sharply, perhaps thinking I was questioning her honesty. Then,
she smiled.

"No, Andy is not your sister."

It was going to be a great Christmas.

To be continued . . .

Please! Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com






MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 25 (MC, Is it a dog?)

Dream

I heard the front door open and a whispered exchange.  I sneaked up to find Abby
and Betty in hard embraces with the two men they had allowed to pick them up
earlier in the day.  Chet (I think he was Chet) was attached to Abby. His hands
were cupping her ass, holding her tightly against what I was sure was an
erection. She had molded herself to him. Her arms were around his neck. They
were kissing passionately. Jason had one hand up Betty's sweater on her breast,
the other on her neck holding her mouth to his. Her arm was around him, the
other hand lay limp on his arm.  I heard Betty moan slightly as she broke the
kiss.

"Hi, kids. Having fun?" I said in a loud voice.

Abby and Betty jumped and squealed, turning a beet red.  The guys did not know
if they were suppose to look macho or contrite, run or stay.  I gave them a
"gotcha" smile before I took my sisters aside.

"If you two want them to spend the night, the four of you can have the big bed
in my bedroom. We are going to sleep in front of the fire."

At first, Abby and Betty did not believe I meant it. I am sure they thought it
was a test of some kind. But, when they realized I was serious, they were
overjoyed.  I invited everyone in, told them to make themselves at home and
suggested a snack before bedtime. Their hunger was not for food and the four of
them almost ran to the big bedroom, with Mary going along to make sure
everything was all right for guests.  In a few minutes, Mary came back in with a
wicked smile.  She was carrying nightgowns for Andy and herself.

"Everything set up?"  I asked.

"Of course.  What do you plan to do with the videos?"

"I will think of something," I replied with an evil grin.  As I said, the
bedrooms had video making and playing capability. Perhaps, I should explain more
fully. I could make home videos of anything that went on in any bedroom in the
house at any time without the occupants being aware they were being
photographed.

Yes, I was going to record Abby and Betty fucking those two guys.  What a
horrible thing to do to my beloved sisters, you say?  Big brothers are suppose
to devil their sisters.  It is the law.  In the Constitution.  Look it up, if
you don't believe me.  Anyway, they were my kittens.  Remember? And, yes, I did
have videos of my parents.

Mary, Andy and I visited and cuddled until Andy fell asleep next to me.  I
rolled her gently on her side and covered her over.  I lay back to sleep with
Mary against me, her head on my arm.

Sleep would not come.

Thinking Mary was asleep, I eased her off my arm and went into the kitchen where
I stuck my head in the refrigerator to see what I could find.    When I looked
up, she was sitting at the kitchen table watching me.

"Do you want to talk about it, Davy?"

"About what."

"About what is eating on you.  About your life."

"Nothing is eating on me."

"Yes, it is. And, you need to talk about it.  Do you realize how you have
changed in just the past few weeks?  How passive you have become?"

"Well, Cathy's need will change that."

"Will it?  Well?"

I did not answer.  When I started making a sandwich, Mary pushed me away from
the counter and took my head in her hands.

"It is the power, Davy.  You cannot ignore it.  You have the power simply from
your brain and personality and wealth, simply from your maleness. You have it
even if you do not ever find the formula. With the formula, you have greater
power over Andy and me and 3,000 others. You need to face it and conquer it."

"What do you mean?"

"Don't play dumb. You know exactly what I mean."  She kissed me and walked away,
leaving me with cold cuts and a cold feeling.

I knew what she meant.  I realized I had been passive, lazy, not pressing for
the formula, not using the power I already had. The problem was me.  For
example, Mary had said how much she liked to be bound, how she enjoyed being
taken. Had I?  I mean, when she said it, it made me instantly hard. But now? 
Was I afraid of hurting her?  Yes.  But, more than that, I was afraid of losing
control, my control.

When I returned to the living room, she was asleep.  I slipped between them and
closed my eyes. Normally, I do not remember my dreams. This one I will never
forget.

I was naked, standing by a river flowing through a desert which looked scorched,
as if the earth had been cleansed by fire.  I was the only one on my side of the
river. On the other side, I could see Mary, Andy, my family and thousands of
other people with unknown or indistinguishable faces. They were naked as they
milled around in a dazed and confused way. They could not see me.

Then, on my side, Santa Claus came walking towards me. He was dressed like
Santa, black boots, white beard and all, except his red suit was dirty and torn.
His face looked worn, exhausted, like a soldier after a long and losing battle.
He was leading a huge dog on a steel chain leash.  "Ho, ho, Merry Christmas,"
Santa said, in an angry, biting voice with a meanness not expected of the jolly
ole elf.  He handed me the leash.

"This is yours now."  It was a dog, a devil dog.

The dog was a giant animal,  a wolf as big as a Shetland pony.  He was not a
Hollywood wolf but an ordinary wolf except for his size, with shaggy grey hair,
except he did not look cowed, but was erect and straight as if he were the
leader of the pack. I looked in his eyes.  They were cold, cunning but neutral.
Santa said, "You control the dog or he will control you."  Santa was Uncle Bert
now, his face, his voice, still in the red uniform.

I was painfully aware of my nakedness, my own vulnerability, and my sense of
loneliness.  The chain was very heavy in my hands.  I was deeply chilled and
shivering as I turned to look at the dog again. His eyes turned red and he
showed his teeth.  I could sense he was going to lunge, so I yanked the chain
hard.  It came off in my hand and the dog disappeared.

"Help me, please. Help me."  The cry was a woman on the other side of the river.

In terror and frenzy, I ran to the river's edge.  It was not wide but ran a
torrent, much too fast for me to cross. The other people were gone except Mary,
who lay dead. She was naked, her flesh bruised and torn as if by claws, her
throat ripped open by teeth.  Her corpse was covered in blood. Her face was
frozen in a look of extreme pain.

"Help me," the women cried.

From nowhere, Andy was suddenly there by her mother's dead body.  She was
screaming. "Please, Davy, help me.  I love you. Protect me, Davy. Help me!"  The
dog appeared from nowhere, walking on his back legs like a man.  He grabbed Andy
and threw her on her back.

"No," she screamed as he mounted her.  His cock was huge and red as he slammed
it into her, fucking her unmercifully as she screamed in agony, blood flowing
from her torn vagina. I could see the dew claws on his huge front paws shred her
skin of her sides as he held her in place.  The dog's mouth opened revealing
huge teeth. He lowered his head toward Andy's throat.

"Andy!" I screamed.

"Ssh, Davy. I'm right here.  It's okay."  I felt her arms around me, her head
next to mine. Her hand was stroking my face.  "Sweetheart, you were having a bad
dream. That is all.  I am right here by you."  I felt other hands on me and
Mary's soft murmur in my ear. I was shaking, covered in sweat, the visions
playing over and over even as the two of them held and comforted me.

I thought I would never sleep again, but the instant my head hit the pillow, I
was in a deep sleep.

I was by the river again but my terrain was a beautiful lush tree-covered river
bank, with long, soft, green grass and many colorful flowers.  I was alone.  The
river was a clear running and gentle stream.  On the other side, I could see
unknown men and women in a wild bacchanal, enjoying themselves without end.

The dog walked on his hind legs into the scene.  The people ran screaming in
terror.  Many women were following the dog. They were all naked, with forlorn,
lost expressions on their faces, heavy steel collars around their necks, thick
chains from the collars dragging the ground.

The dog saw me and grinned.  He took the chain of two women I did not know and
led them across the river to me.  When they reached my side, the women became
Andy and Mary.  He ordered me to fuck them, telling me they would die if I did
not. Frantic, they both begged me to take them.  Their faces were devoid of
emotion in spite of the terror in their voices. Their eyes were dead as if in a
trance.

When I crawled between Andy's legs, I reached down to put my cock her in. It was
gone.  I had no cock, no balls.  Nothing.  As if it had never been there.  I was
staring down at my crotch, unable to comprehend my missing genitalia. When I
looked back up, Andy had become the dog. He threw me on the ground and seized my
throat with his teeth.  He shook me hard.

"Wake up, Davy.  Wake up!  You are dreaming again."

I fell against Andy's shoulder, grateful to be awake and alive. I held on for
dear life, trying to steady myself, to slow my racing heart. It was only four
a.m. Andy comforted me as Mary made a pot of coffee.

"Sweetheart, tell me what is wrong," Andy asked in her genuine love and concern. 
I looked at Mary.  I could tell she knew what was wrong, almost as if she had
been in my head as I was dreaming.  I did not want to frighten Andy so I made up
a story about an asteroid shower and blamed it on the cold cuts I had eaten. 
They fell back asleep by me.  I sat and stared at the embers in the fireplace,
my mind unable to release either the dreams or what they meant.

I did not know exactly what the dream meant but I knew how if affected me. It
was the second call to action I had received this week, the first being Uncle
Bert's message about Cathy.

I was energized, more energized than I could remember feeling in some time. I do
not mean just sexual.  I felt more sexual, too, but, I mean I felt more ready to
take on the world.  I wondered if the programming I had received had affected me
some way, some way unintended by Uncle Bert, making me more docile. Whatever, I
was ready to face it.

About six, I heard a cheery "Merry Christmas, Davy."  I looked up to see my
Mother standing over me.

My Mother was always an early riser, awakening each day refreshed and ready to
tackle her world. She always made us breakfast each morning, no matter how late
she had been up the night before grading papers or reviewing lab work.

"Merry Christmas, Mom," I replied.  "How did you sleep?"

"Wonderfully.  Did the twins ever come in last night?"

" Yes. They are in the big bedroom with two guys."

"They are what?  How dare they do that."  She turned on her heel.  I called out
"Do you prefer sirloin or tube steak?"  In a moment, she was in her trance.  I
programmed her to allow the twins and Cathy whatever sexual freedom they wished.
When I brought her out of the trance and again told her the twins were shacked
up in the big bedroom, she had no problem with it at all.  It made sense she had
been programmed to allow these kind of activities since Uncle Bert wanted me to
have the freedom.  I am just glad he left her programming open where I could
make further modifications.

Mom scurried off to the kitchen.  At our house Christmas morning, Mom and Dad
always got up first and made breakfast. When the four of us were younger, they
would eat before we arose.  We four would be asleep together, usually on the
floor in my bedroom, covered in piles of blankets as if we were camping out.  We
would have been up late the night before, so excited about Christmas we could
not sleep which made us groggy Christmas morning.  I think that was their plan.

Mary stirred.  Sluggishly, she got up and went into the back.  In a few minutes,
she went into the kitchen to help Mom.  Cathy was the next awake, looking happy
and well rested.  Her arrival awakened Andy.

The twins and their guys were still asleep when Dad announced everyone wanted to
open presents. I got the job of waking up the foursome.  Betty was curled up in
Chet's arms, his leg over hers. Abby was spooned against Chet from the other
side.  Jason was touching no one, splayed out, snoring slightly.  He had kicked
the covers off.  Since Betty started out with Jason, I was sure we would have
some great videos to watch.

It took an hour before Abby and Betty were dressed. We fed them and the guys,
who ate more food then even I did before they left.  Andy and Cathy acted as
Santa, handing out all the presents stacked under the huge tree in the corner. 
Mom and Dad had brought everything from home, including what I had shipped out
there to them since I did not know they were surprising us with a visit. We got
what you would expect, with Eddie Bauer, Neiman Marcus and J Crew being the
stores of choice.

I spent a few bucks on these beautiful women but that is what money is for,
isn't it, to spend on women?  I know you women feel that way.

We got dressed and went skiing after lunch.  The day was perfect with a bright
sun overhead. Cathy went with the twins. We saw them about an hour later
surrounded by a herd of guys.  Mom and Dad skied by themselves.  Mary, Andy and
I went all out, racing down the slope as quickly as we could.  Then, we did it
again.

For dinner, we cooked steaks over the pit in back.  Uncle Bert was smart enough
to build a covered barbeque pit, with the cover tilting to let the snow slide
away from the fire pit. You might think cooking outdoors when the temperature
was nineteen sounds crazy but the hot fire kept us warm and Dad's hot buttered
rum kept us warmer.

Cathy and the twins asked if they could bring home some friends. When I found
out, it was fourteen guys, I said no, suggesting they limit themselves to one
guy a piece. So, it was just eleven for dinner before my sisters and their new
mates went out for the evening.

I do not want anyone to think I was trying to get rid of my family but I had
some things I wanted to get done. Christmas night, I suggested they go spend a
few days in Aspen, which they accepted with glee, deciding to leave early on the
twenty-sixth.

I was almost afraid to go to sleep Christmas night, but I did.  The devil dog
stayed away.

To be continued. . . .

Please! Give me your comments!

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com






MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 26 (MC, MF++, Cons?)

Finishing the Assignment

On the morning of the twenty-sixth, I leant my Suburban to Mom and Dad, loaded
them and my sisters in it and waved goodbye to them.  They were going to spend a
few days at my Aspen house.

Mary and Andy knew I had eight more women to fuck in Vail to complete my
assignment from Uncle Bert.  Only nonkittens counted.  As we discussed strategy,
I wondered if Uncle Bert's assignment of finding and fucking women was some sort
of test, part of my training or simply just his own wild, sexual nature at its
best.  Remember, Uncle Bert did not say I had to seduce them.  He just said I
had to fuck them.  In Aspen, we had found a sorority planning an orgy and joined
in.

I had all eight by midnight, four for money, two I swapped Mary for the wife or
girlfriend, two I seduced on my own.  Two of them were standouts.  The other six
qualified for Uncle Bert's criteria which is all I really expected or needed. 
You know sex is not worthy of writing about every time. Well, except with Andy
and Mary or Eve or Cathy, but I think you have the flavor of them.

The two standouts you need to hear about.

His name was George and he was an asshole. There really is no better way to
describe him.  A lawyer about forty-five, full of shit and himself, he fell into
Mary's snare.  He wanted Mary so badly he would have traded his law license.

Her name was Alicia.  She was a twenty-six-year-old mother of a seven-year-old
girl. From listening to their heated conversation, I gathered they had discussed
mate swapping but had never actually done it.  Now, George was pushing it with
all his rhetorical skills.   Alicia argued someone needed to look after the
daughter, an argument which was swaying her husband to her point of view. Had I
been nice, I would have kept silent. Instead, I offered Andy as a babysitter.
Her face crumbled as George leapt to accept and renewed his onslaught to swap.

Her face was a study in sorrow when she relented, agreeing to come with me to my
house while George and Mary went to another room together.  I could tell from
Mary's face she had something planned, but that was George's problem.

Alicia was dressed in standard cold weather skiing garb: black ski pants with
stirrups in her faux-fur lined boots, a bright blue sweater of medium tightness,
a ski parka in multicolors, primarily blue and red, and a wool hat in red with a
tam.  Her cheeks were red and burned from the wind and the sun.  She wore blue
gloves and a bright red muffler.

Alicia was pretty, with a flattish face, Slavic looking. Her hair was a deep
blonde, or maybe a honey brown, with hints of red. It came down her back almost
to her waist.  Her eyes were the blue-gray combination of a postal uniform, a
most unusual color.

I stepped aside, letting her enter the house first.  Without speaking, she
declined the offer of a drink and turned to let me remove her parka.  I took her
hand to lead her into the bedroom.  She stood looking at the huge bed.  I
expected her to break into tears, but she fought to control herself, taking a
few deep breaths.

"I am Ukrainian.  My husband married me only three years ago and brought me to
this country.  George is a good man.  He had provided well for me and my
daughter.  He loves me is his way and I love him in mine.  George expects me to
be the perfect little wife and I am."

She turned to me, her eyes pleading. "Please, don't ask me to do this. I know he
is with your wife, but I, I have never been unfaithful."

"Are you also obedient to your husband?"

"Yes."

"He has told you to pleasure me."

She shook her head, not being able to comprehend why this man she called husband
had told her to have sex with another man. When I took her head in my head to
raise her eyes to mine, she flinched but did not pull away.

"You must do this, Alicia.  Now, undress for me."

A tear formed.  A single tear, in her right eye, the liquid growing until it
overflowed and ran down her cheek.  She nodded, sat on the edge of the bed and
pulled off her boots, sitting them neatly together at the foot of the bed.  She
continued undressing, removing layer after layer.  When she got to her panties,
she blushed, momentarily covering herself before slipping the panties down her
shapely legs.

"Please. Aren't you going to undress?"

I am a fast undresser.  As I stripped, I looked at her.  She had a lean body,
small, high breasts with smallish nipples. Her hips were firm and wide, good for
bearing children. Her bush was black and trimmed in a Mohawk, probably at
George's request for bikini wearing. Her stomach had a little Mound of Venus
which I was aching to feel against me.

We kissed, starting the tender exploration of each other's body.  My cock, hard
now, was trapped between her belly and mine as we stood together, my hands on
her ass holding her into me.

"How do you like it?"

"What do you mean?" she replied, wide eyed.

"Do you want it fast or slow, rough or gentle?"

"I am the woman."   She acted confused, as if no man had ever considered her
pleasure before and that she could not believe one was asking now. I explained I
wanted her to have what she wanted.  For only an instant, her eyes flashed
sexual desire, before the look of sadness returned.

"As you please," she said.  For the first time, she did not turn away from me as
she spoke.

What I pleased was to please her. I started by lifting her to the bed and laying
her down, spreading her long hair like hay beneath her.  Her expression was one
of awe as I began to kiss her breasts and stomach before working my way down
between her legs.

Alicia was a slow starter, laying there as if nothing more personal was
happening than a massage from an unknown masseuse.  By this time, a woman
usually has some response.  I was starting to think I had lost my touch when her
quadriceps twitched and she uttered a small moan.  It was like the first tiny
tremor before an earthquake. She moved now, scooting her ass on the bed to let
her raise her pussy towards my mouth.  I felt her shake and whimper.

Slowly, I continued. "Please."  It was so soft I barely heard it. I kissed her
belly, giving little lip nibbles to the mound I was enjoying stroking. "No. No." 
She babbled something softly in a language I presumed was Ukranian.  I did not
understand the words but I knew what they meant.

Picture this then.  A beautiful woman on her back, legs around you, you nestled
between them tantalizing her sweet wetness with tongue and lips.  Time had lost
all meaning. No other world exists except this world between her legs and the
sights and smells and sounds of a woman approaching her throes. Picture that and
close your eyes.

I had no desire to ever leave that picture.  I was lost in her sweetness, but
she suddenly had other ideas. She seized my hair and yanked hard, making me yell
"ouch" as she tried to pull me up her.  She babbled again in her native
language, giving me an exasperated look when I did not respond.

"Alicia, I don't understand."

"I want to fuck! Fuck me!" she snapped.

"Let me do this."

"You American men! Too fast! Too slow! Never right!"

She wrapped her legs around me like a vise, trying to draw me into her, her arms
locked around my shoulders.  An idea struck me.  I pried myself free, reaching
for the restraints always attached to that big bed. In a moment, her arms were
tied to the headboard above her head.  She stretched to look back, to see what
was holding her. She twisted and turned, jerking against the bondage.  I do not
think see was trying to get away. She was seeing how hard she could pull.

"Now, you said slowly," I teased.

She screamed something at me.

I took my time, teasing her to insanity.  Slowly I built her need, carrying her
higher and higher. She was delirious when I finally slipped into her and I do
mean slip. She was flowing.  She was wrenching and groaning, puffing and cursing
as she came over and over. She was magnificent.

Alicia was like Andy in one way. She was a screamer.  I think Andy was louder
but Andy had more lung power from being raised in the mountains.  Also, Andy
screamed in English.  I wondered if I could find a translator for the video.

Alicia was totally relaxed, floating in her afterglow, as I folded her legs
under my arms and moved my cock to her ass hole. She twitched just a little as
the felt my cock start to move into her. She looked at me and smiled before her
face contorted in pain and pleasure.  She groaned as I forced myself all the way
in her virgin nether hole. She came again from me back there, continuing her
loud pleadings in her native tongue.  I cleaned my cock, untied her and put her
on her knees. Greedily, she sucked my cock until I filled her mouth.  She
swallowed what she could but cum slid down her chin and coated her lips.  She
was so exhausted she lay down on the floor to sleep.  I lifted her back on the
bed and covered her over.

George was very surprised when he saw her like that, naked and well fucked, cum
stained with sweat crusting on her body. I was concerned he would be angry.
However, he was very gentle, helping her dress and holding her arm as they left. 
She was leaning against him, letting him support her which he happily did.

"What did you do to him?" I asked Mary as we stood in the kitchen, having a beer
afterwards.

"Taught him how to please a woman.  You would think they would teach that in law
school," she said.  She was not smiling.

The other standout was the last one of the day. Her name was Michelle. She was a
California girl, big, blonde haired, sunburned with her skin already having that
leathery outdoors texture. Michelle, like a few others each year, come skiing
with no money, planning to spend a day or two in jail for their crime.  On
learning it would be several months in jail, she pleaded with the innkeeper who
called me.

We arranged a monetary transaction. When she refused to let me take her second
hole, we sweetened the deal.  Double the money if she could make me come within
thirty minutes. If not, all three holes, same price. No, I did not tell her I
could fuck for days without cumming.  I don't bet unless it is a sure thing.

I will say this for Michelle, she worked her ass off (pun intended) to keep me
out of it. Being programmed did have its good side.  When the timer went off,
she collapsed in frustration and exhaustion.

What made her so special was she tried to renege on the deal.

"Go to hell! I will go to the cops, you asshole!" she snarled, hands on hips.

I subdued her.  She struggled and screamed but Mary and Andy helped me. Michelle
ended up tied and gagged over a heavy foot stool, ass in the air.  I roughly
greased her back hole, then slammed in without any thought for her feelings. 
Her ass spasmed around my cock as it tried to expand to accept me.  Then, I
ungagged her and fucked her face, cumming on face and in her mouth.  She was
sobbing as we untied her and sent her on her way.

After I finished fucking her face, I stood up.  I was facing the big mirror
which covered almost all one wall.  I swear I saw the devil dog over my
shoulder.  He was smiling.

To be continued . . .

Please! Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com






MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 27 (Rom MC MF+)

Good, Clean Fun

When Michelle left,  her tears were almost gone. She acted very subdued, not at
all the bitch she had been when she arrived to work off her problems with a
little play for pay.

Andy and Mary cleaned up the bedroom.  Neither of them seemed at all concerned I
had taken Michelle anally against her will. In fact, they had helped me subdue
her, tie her down, and stayed to watch the action. While I fucked Michelle's
ass, I observed my kittens' faces.  Andy was watching the action. She was very
involved, as if she were watching an excellent movie and was really into it. Her
hand had slipped between her legs to stroke herself through her pants.  Mary had
watched me like a hawk.  I had the feeling she was inside my brain again as she
took in every nuance of my actions. Now, Michelle was gone and it was late.

My balls hurt. Although I had fucked ten women that day, I had only cum once. 
That was in Alicia's willing mouth after I had already fucked her front and back
while Mary was off playing with her husband.  I needed to cum again.

"Let's take a shower before bed," I said. Both of them began undressed.

Since our training sessions in San Francisco, Andy always made each undressing a
strip tease.  She took her time, letting me see those parts of her she knew I
wanted and then hiding them.  She adjusted her routine to the time and the
situation, each time different, each time delightful.  Of course, when I was not
there, I was sure she raced through her clothes changes. A few times, I came in
to find dirty garments strewn everywhere. But, when I was there, Gypsy could not
do it any better.

Mary also took her time.  She had been trained by Rebecca several years ago when
she and Uncle Bert went to San Francisco. When Mary stripped, it was more
subtle, less theatrical.  I guess that was practice.  So, nighttime was always
another good time in my house.  When I said "undress," it was a delightful show.

Naked now, Andy rolled her hair up on her head and slipped a cover over it to
keep it dry.  Mary left her hair long. I climbed in the big shower stall and
turned on the water.  Uncle Bert must have loved his showers.  If Mary or
another kitten always took them with him, who could blame him. The shower stall
was about three times as big as normal.  Two sides of the stall were glass, one
of which contained the door.  The other two sides had three shower heads each,
high, medium and low, spaced to cover all of the bather.  There was a huge,
quick recovery water heater so we never ran out.

Mary entered the shower behind me, gasping when the steaming water hit her. I
liked my shower a little warmer than she did. She took the soap, lathered the
washcloth, and started on my back. She worked quickly, vigorously. Kneeling, she
was starting on my legs and feet as Andy stepped in the shower. Andy gave me a
big grin and a quick kiss on the lips, which made her bountiful breasts rub
against my wet chest. I pulled her to me, my hands on her ass, my erection
sliding between her thighs. We kissed until Mary gently pushed us apart so she
could wash my cock, the suds making her hand slide easily as Andy I continued to
kiss.

Doctors say the finger tips are more sensitive than any other part of your body.
Try this sometime. Have her be still, standing up, or, maybe, lying on a bed.
Very gently began feeling all the different parts of her with just your
fingertips, lightly applied. Feel how the texture of her inner thighs is
different from the outer, how the back of her knee is softer and more tender
than the front, how the area beside her pussy feels totally different than the
pussy itself, how the underside of her breast has a different texture than the
areola round her nipple, how the small of her back is different than the crack
of her ass.

Feel the outer labia, then the inner.  Let a finger slide gently up her, feeling
the textures. Even in her pussy, texture seems different at different places.  
It seems each part has its own texture. Amazing, isn't it? Now, try it in the
shower when she is lathered with soap. Turn off the water and stand there,
exploring her.   Entirely different again.  Isn't nature wonderful?

I was washing Andy's pussy, gently rubbing each lip and the skin around it with
soap, before rinsing her.  She started to squirm. "Davy," she murmured. I took a
nipple in my mouth.  Taste is a good way to make sure she is clean.  With my
mouth, I carefully checked both breasts to make sure they were throughly clean.
Andy was moaning.  As I bent over, I felt Mary's finger slip up my ass. It
turned a few times and wiggled before slowly slipping out again. When I stopped
washing Andy, she whimpered a little before moving directly under the big shower
heads to rinse. I started washing Mary.  She had delightful textures, too.  It
usually takes me a long time to shower.

My relationship with Andy was one of lovers, unusual perhaps in that I had many
others affairs without a complaint from her, but lovers nevertheless. Mary was
different. She was my lover, too, although without the total devotion and deep
intensity Andy had for me. But, Mary was more. She was sometimes my guide to
Uncle Bert's world, sometimes my advisor and confident. She often watched me,
observing, recording every little detail. Sometimes, I thought she was reading
my mind, such as after my dream the other night. Her comments were incisive,
cogent.  I wondered how much of that was her and how much was the programming.

Andy was waiting in bed, propped up on one elbow watching, when Mary and I
finished drying each other. My two kittens looked at me expectantly.  I opened
the bedside table, removed a seven-inch vibrator and handed it to Mary.

"Play with yourself but don't cum," I said with a smile. I enjoying watching
them masturbate, seeing them pleasure themselves. One of the things I have
observed about women is that they would orgasm in a crowd before they will let
their man see them masturbate. Mary and Andy now eagerly masturbated in front of
me with no embarrassment or hesitation.

The reason I ordered her to do it was a physical limitation.  One cock, two
pussies. One will go into two delightfully but not simultaneously.  Mary gave me
a slutty grin and lay back on the bed. As we watched, she clicked on the
vibrator and lay the tip on her right nipple. She closed her eyes as the nipple
pulsated to erection.

Andy was staring at me, full of anticipation. She was almost quivering she was
so anxious.

"Now, little kitten, I am going to fuck you."

"Well, I hope so.  I have wanted you all day."  Her face turned shy,
apprehensive.  "Did you know it makes me horny watching you with other women? 
When you were fucking Michelle, I just wanted to be her, tied down, taking you
up my ass. I just wanted to be the one giving you pleasure."  She smiled very
sweetly, her eyes soft and full of love.  "You know I want you to do anything
you want to me, don't you?"

"Yes, I know," I replied.  As I crawled between her legs, she held her arms up
to welcome me.

We did not fuck right then. We touched, caressed, titillated, tantalized each
other, rolling back and forth on the bed. I let my fingers feel all of her and
she did the same to me. The intensity slowly built, desire growing, our need
unfulfilled. Andy's golden hair was around her head, her blue eyes hot and
unfocused.  She was covered in sweat, hers and mine, her body shiny and damp. 
Mary was moaning softly next to us.  The smell of pussy filled the room.

"Please, Davy. Come on," she moaned, straining to get me between her legs. I
slipped my finger up her hot, wet, slew, loading it with her juice. Her pussy
lips were bloated, slick with her dew. I rubbed my finger between her breasts,
mixing the sweat and love juice to make a fine oil which I spread between her
mounds. When I lay my cock between her breasts, Andy pushed them up, making a
channel for it.  I move back and forth, my cock sliding on a slick coat of our
juice between her breasts.

Perhaps the best thing about Andy is no matter what I want to do, it makes her
horny and she wants it, too.  She is always ready, willing and anxious to play.
If I could tell a woman, any woman, the one thing most important to her man
(besides love, of course), I would say sexual eagerness. Andy's feet were
planted firmly on the bed letting her thrust her pussy up and down in rhythm to
my movements between her breasts. "Faster, honey," she whimpered. I could feel
my ball sac throbbing.   I slipped down her and rammed my cock in her pussy. She
squealed and locked her legs around my waist, holding me in her.

"Quite, little lady," I whispered. Mary moaned next to us. She was watching us
through her own unfocused and sex crazed eyes. She did not ask for relief.  She
knew better. I would let her orgasm when I wanted to do it and not before.
Anyway, she enjoyed the sexual tension as we all do.

"Harder, David. Harder, please," Andy mumbled in that delightful English accent.
I cupped Andy's ass with my hands, digging my fingers into her strong ass
muscles. I stopped and let my balls start pumping. Undescribable!

"Oh, my!" Andy exclaimed as her pussy spasmed on my cock, her orgasm joining
mine. I felt her orgasm over and over.  I lay on her and let my sock soften in
her.

"Andy?"

"Ummmm."

"Let Mary have my cum."

Andy struggled over Mary, lowering her pussy to her mother's mouth, letting Mary
clean and swallow, taking my cum from her hairless cunt. I stopped Mary's flying
hand and pulled the vibrator out of her. Andy orgasmed again from Mary's tongue. 
Then, I pulled her aside. She was asleep in an instant.

Mary was desperate.  She needed to cum so badly she was almost out of control. I
told my cock to harden and it quickly obeyed.  I crawled between Mary's legs and
slid into her on a sea of her moisture and Andy's which still was clinging to my
cock. I forced Mary's legs out straight, my legs outside hers and holding hers
together, capturing my cock in her pussy.  I pulled her arms over her head,
stretching her, pinning her arms above her.

Her face was covered in my cum and Andy's juices.  Her eyes were begging me to
let her orgasm. I moved only a little, letting my cock, which was tight against
her clit, vary the pressure. She could not be still.  When I saw a tear form in
her eye, I told her to cum.  She screamed my name and arched until only her
heels and her shoulders were on the bed.  Her cunt was a vise crushing me. Her
eyes rolled back in her head as she laughed and went limp. I released her and
went to sleep on her, her body still twitching under me.

I smelled coffee as the bed moved. It was Andy, dressed in her ski skins, which,
as I have said, fit like a second skin. She kissed me brightly, then handed me
my mug.  As she took a step towards the kitchen, I said,  "Stop and pull down
your bottoms."

She gave me a sexy look over her shoulder as she stuck out her delightful ass
and yanked the ski bottoms down, looking like an x-rated version of the
Coppertone girl.

"What is this about?" she asked innocently.

"I was trying to decide if I should brand you."

She squealed, and turned, her hands flying to cover her exposed butt, her eyes
big with fear.  She shook her head no. I gave her a dirty look.  She blushed and
looked away. "I'm sorry. I did not mean to tell you no, but, Davy, branding
hurts worse than anything, I have heard."

"Yes, but you would do it for me."

"Yes.  You know that," she said, but she still held on to her ass.

"Go make my breakfast, kitten," I said lovingly. She smiled shyly, pulled up her
skins and bounced out of the room. It is always as delightful to watch her going
away as walking towards me.

I really was considering branding Andy, although I was not sure why the idea
appealed to me.  In fact, I might brand them all. Or, none of them.  I closed my
eyes to visualize.  Seeing her flesh marred had less appeal then, but the idea
stuck in my head. I had some other ideas, too.

After waffles with maple syrup, bacon, orange juice, coffee and milk, I sat in
the living room and thought.  It was time to get on with the treasure hunt for
the formula. I gave Andy a job which would take her out of the house for an hour
or so. I called Mary in the living room.  She knelt between my legs and went
into her trance.

"Hello, Dave.  It is Dad again. You have completed your assignment or you would
not be getting this message. The assignment really had two parts.  Reading all
the books was for your mind. The two sex queens and seducing the twenty women
was for your cock.  Damn, I wish I could have been there with you. You may think
it was childish of me to have all the time spent on sex but I had my reasons. 
Your mind needed time to digest all you have put in it. And, I just like sex.
So, sue me.  Now, the formula.  You have all the major pieces except two.  Have
Mary take you to Maria in Denver.  Put her in the trance. Then, say, 'Maria, I
need the recipe for tamales.' She will tell you one piece.  The second piece
will come from the Hermit. Then, there will be one more formula related message.
That is all for now.  Good luck."

Mary's head dropped to her chest. I grabbed her as she slumped forward and
carried her into the bed, leaving her covered to rest.

I must say Uncle Bert's message was shorter and more cryptic than I had
expected.  After making me sweat so long (okay, perhaps all that fucking was not
sweating but I did worry about it) you would think I would have received more
information. I sat in the big chair with my eyes closed.  I was in deep
concentration, analyzing every thing I knew about the formula, going over ever
phase of the information. When I opened my eyes, Andy was kneeling in front of
me, watching me.

"Holy mackerel! You scared the shit of me," I yelled, startled by her presence.
She grinned, letting me know she meant to scare me.

"Don't do that again," I snapped.

She had the devil in her eyes. "Oh, did the big bad man get frightened?" she
asked, in a Tweety Bird voice.

"I will redden your ass, little kitten," I said in my most macho, menacing
tones.

"I do not think you are man enough," she retorted, standing up.

I think I told you I found it to be much more fun if I did not program Andy to
remove her wicked sense of humor.  If I had ordered her,  she would have frozen
on the spot. This was going to be more exercise and much more fun.

I leapt and she ran, giggling like a six-year old.  Andy is a strong woman, with
quick reactions. Her game was to let me catch her, wrestle for a while and then
get away again. That was my game, too.  Soon, we were sweaty, puffing and happy.
Once, she played dirty, dropping to her knees to kiss my cock through my pants,
begging me to let her suck him.  As soon as she got my pants down, she ran
again. When we knocked over the lamp in the TV room, I had enough and seized a
handful of blonde mane floating behind her.

"Oh, Davy, my hair.  Davy," she squealed as I dragged her downstairs. The look
on her face was wonderful. Her cheeks were red, her eyes bright and clear, her
smile ever changing.  She knew I was taking her to the dungeon.

She did not know what I had planned but she thought she would like what I was
going to do to her.

To be continued . . .

Please! Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com







MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 28 (Good BD)

Whipping Andy

When Uncle Bert built the house in Vail, he installed a dungeon in the basement,
complete with all the trimmings and trappings you might expect.  Andy and I had
spent some delightful time at Mistress Diana's B&D emporium in New York but this
was the first time I had taken her to my own dungeon.  Of course, she wanted to
go. Why else would see have started our wonderful fight upstairs?  Do I need to
say it?  I wanted to take her.

My hand was wrapped in her long blonde mane as I dragged her downstairs, my hand
at waist level, so she would be bent over in an awkward position.  I opened the
dungeon door and pushed her in ahead of me.  Directing her to stand under the
hoist, I said, "Stand right there."

"Certainly, sweetheart. Anything you want. I always want to please you, Davy.
All the time.  I love you so much."  She was shifting nervously from foot to
foot, her face anxious and sexy as she wrung her hands. I selected the
restraints I wanted from the cupboard and returned to her.

"Strip."

"Of course, honey." In one motion, her top was gone. Her eyes never left mine as
she slipped the bottoms off, leaving herself naked. Her body was undulating like
a snake, unable to keep still from sexual arousal and from anticipation, if they
are different.

"Sweetheart, you know I love you. We were just playing. Wasn't it fun? I had a
great time playing upstairs, didn't you?"  I started fastening the suspension
restraint on her left wrist.

"Well, did you? I know how much you like to have fun and I was trying to please
you. What is this, honey? What are you going to do? Davy, I really love you, you
know." She leaned against me, letting her breasts crush into my chest as she
kissed me.

"I know, and I love you."

"So, what are you going to do? I mean, I really wasn't bad.  I was just playful.
You would not want a girl without some spunk? Right? What did you say? A Porsche
without an engine? Isn't that right? Well, did you say that? About the Porsche?
I know what that means. It means you like a woman with spirit, with
intelligence. Right? That is right, isn't it? Davy, say something."

"You need to be quiet."

"Yes.  All right.  I will be quiet.  Really. But, this is the first time you
have brought me down here. I was wondering.  Well, since New York."

I was attaching the right one now. The suspension cuffs Uncle Bert had purchased
were leather and canvas.  The person to be suspended formed a fist. The canvas
was a cover, holding the fist closed. The restraint was funnel shaped, fitting
wrist and hand, allowing both to take the weight when suspended.

"Please, Davy. Can we fuck? Now, here. Please. I want you to fuck me. Please.
Put your cock in me, sweetheart." She was begging me, pleading like a kid
wanting candy, hoping to divert me from her anticipated punishment. Her face was
so innocent and childlike but she could not hide the sexy gleam which kept
cropping up in her eyes.  She would be horribly disappointed if I had stopped
her punishment to fuck her. And, she would have lost respect for me if I let her
divert me from my task.

"I thought I suggested you be quiet."

"You did. And, I am. Really.  This is quiet, don't you think?"  She was silent
for maybe five seconds. "See. Quiet. I am obedient. Very obedient. I try really
hard to please you, Davy. I love you.  Just tell me what you want. Davy, you
aren't going to hurt me, are you?  I really love you, Davy. Don't you think
maybe we should quit playing now? Isn't the game over?"

"Yes, Andy. The game is over." My voice was as cold as I could make it. Her eyes
got very big. That is not the answer she was expecting.  I attached the chains
from the hoist to the heavy rings on the cuffs and pushed the button. The
electric motor came to life. She trembled as her arms slowly started moving
upward. She flinched as she yanked against the cuffs. For an instance, true fear
flew across her face as she realized in a moment she would be dangling naked by
her wrists.

"I love you so much. I would anything for you, sweetheart. Please. Davy, my arms
are being stretched. Davy."  She was balancing on the balls of her feet, her
arms fulled extended above her when I stopped the hoist. I moved behind her,
arranging her blonde hair neatly like some gossamer garment.

"Davy, I love you. Please, don't hurt me. Please, Davy.  All you have to do is
tell me and I obey. Just tell me, Davy.  Anything, sweetheart. What do you want
from me?"  In front of her now, I kissed her hard, my hand on the back of her
neck, my body against hers, knocking her off her tip toes so all her weight was
against me. Greedily, she kissed me in return, squirming against me as best she
could. I slipped a finger between her legs, the tip entering her. She was
dripping.

"It looks like somebody wants to be whipped," I said, wiping my finger on her
upper lip so she could smell herself.  Her tongue flicked to savor the girly
juice.

"Not me. No way. I mean, no sane girl would want that, would she? Davy, please.
What are you doing now?"

I had lifted up one leg. I was attaching a leather restraint around her ankle. 
Then, I did the other leg.  She kept babbling and fighting for her balance as I
attached ropes to the restraints.  One rope went through a ring on the left
wall, the other on the right wall.  I pulled both, spreading her legs. She
squealed as her feet left the floor. I tied the rope ends together, holding her
at the spread position I wanted.

There she was. Her arms were a little wider than shoulder width, stretched above
her by the chains from the hoist. Her full weight was supported by her arms
which were bound in suspension cuffs. Her legs were spread almost two feet wider
than shoulder width and tried securely. She could not touch the ground. But, she
could twist and turn and squirm and move, which she was doing.  Each movement
was delightful to watch as her muscles expanded and contracted, her breasts
jiggled. Being stretched made her twenty-three-inch waist even more narrow,
emphasizing the difference between it and her full, flaring, thirty-six-inch
hips. Her lush, D-cup, breasts never stopped moving invitingly. Her face was a
picture of lust and fear, framed by her blonde mane behind her. I made a video. 
Too bad you cannot see it but close your eyes and let your mind make your own
video of Andy hanging in suspension, ready to be punished.

Of course, it was not real punishment. This was sex play. I knew that. You know
that.  Right now, Andy was not too sure, which is part of the fun. Even her
nervous babbling had ceased. Her face was frozen in wide-eyed anticipation, her
mouth slightly open, her lips moist from her tongue which flicked over them
intermittently.  She was starting to sweat. I love sweaty girls, particularly if
they are kittens hanging in suspension waiting to be punished.

I opened the cabinet where the whips hung, letting her see the display.  She
gasped and squirmed harder, twisting like a sheet in the wind.

"Which ones should I use on you?" I asked evilly.

"Oh, they are all so nice, but I don't really think you need to use any of them.
I have learned my lesson, sweetheart. Really. I...."

"Since you have no ideas, I will select."  I pulled out the most painful looking
one. It had a steel core, wrapped in leather, about four feet long. Really a car
antenna with a thin covering over the steel, it was very whip like and could cut
deep. I gave her a nasty, cold stare, pulled it back and slapped it hard against
the wall. It cracked like a rifle shot.  She jumped and squealed.  Her face
tuned beet red and she yanked against her restraints.

"Maybe this one."  I pulled out the riding crop. Short, mean, in horsehide, it
was an excellent punishment tool and the one Mistress Diana taught us to use in
New York.  In fact, this was one I bought there and Andy had felt it when we
were in training. She recognized it and gave me a knowing smile, remembering the
fun times we had.

"Let's start with this one," I said, removing a slapper from its hook. I heard
her sigh of relief when I closed the door to the cabinet.  The slapper was about
a foot long and four inches wide, made of a flexible, medium thickness leather.
What gave it extra effectiveness was a second, lighter piece of leather.  When
the slapper was slapped, the second piece of leather hit the first,
substantially increasing the noise without increasing the physical force, making
it sound like it hurt more.

Even though Andy was in good physical condition and strong, her arms were
already throbbing from being raised and from supporting her weight. That pain
depleted her energy supply which made the punishment more effective. I stood in
front of her slapping the slapper against my thigh. She could hear it and see it
in her peripheral vision, although her eyes never left mine.

"Anything you want to say?"

"I love you."

"Anything else?"

"Please, forgive me."

"You have done nothing which requires forgiving." I got a very warm, shy, little
grin for that.

I heard the door open but did not look. I knew Mary must have joined us. I was
standing in front of Andy, at an angle, so my left hand could play with her
front and my right hand, which held the slapper, could spank her back side.

"Anyone need anything?" Mary asked.

"No, thanks, Mom."

"Just a Diet Coke, please."

Andy turned her head to look at her mother. I saw that look. It was lust and
happiness.  Oh, poor Andy.  So afraid.

Lazily, I played with her nipple with my left hand, twisting it gently between
thumb and forefinger. She was looking at me, all her emotions exposed in her
face. That face, that lovely face, would tell me exactly how to punish her, how
to adjust the tempo and the force to make this her pleasure. She flexed the big
muscles in her shoulders, squirming slightly to turn towards me. Eyes closed,
she struggled to lean towards me to be kissed. I swatted her ass with the
slapper, getting a squeal for my effort. Her ass muscles quivered delightfully
as her eyes popped open, lust almost dripping from them.

The key is the left hand to tantalize and touch her. Her skin will be much more
sensitive in places and less sensitive in others. I watched her face, then swung
the slapper, which came up to wrap around the inside of her left thigh. Four
sharp blows from above, two on each thigh. "No! Please!" she barked. Every
muscle was straining now, trying to get away from the sting.  Rhythmically but
lightly, a long series of slaps from the top of her breasts to her lower
stomach, between navel and pussy as my finger slid in and out of her ass hole.
She watched each blow land on her front, flinching involuntarily. I stopped,
letting her feel the heat building and massaged her shoulders.

Wrapping her hair in my hand, I pulled her head back until she was looking
directly up to the ceiling. Letting the slapper dangle from my wrist, I nibbled
her throat as my right hand roughly massaged her thighs where they join the
body.

Her breathing was ragged, hard. She was sweating profusely now, the perspiration
dripping to the floor. She groaned deep from her gut as I yanked her head back
further. My mouth found her left breast. I took her tender flesh between my
teeth and sucked, leaving a large hickey on the top of the breast where it would
be very visible when she wore a bra.

"Davy, Davy, Davy," she whimpered. She had been whimpering, moaning, very vocal,
as she continued to be. A hundred, no, a thousand times, she asked me to stop.
We both knew I would not and that she really did not want me to.

My cock hurt it was so hard. Behind her, I stripped, letting him free. Concerned
about what I was doing, she kept trying to swing around to see me.

She was an oven, with waves of heat rolling from her.  I could see where the
slapper had met her flesh by the red, and, I could feel by the heat on her skin.
But, she generated more heat than that. Heat also came from the strain on her
muscles and the emotional stress of being whipped.

Mistress Diana had taught us one of the big mistakes a novice dominator (or
dominatrix) makes is the make the first blows too hard. They should be hard
enough to sting but not hard enough to cause more pain than the subject can
take. "Build up slowly," she had said. The purpose was to build sexual tension
and desire. It had been twenty minutes and it was working.  We were ready for
the end game.

I took a few ice cubes from my Coke glass and held them against her pussy. Her
eyes, which had been closed, popped open and she shivered. I released the knot
on the ropes holding her legs and they fell to the floor.  She struggled to get
her balance. I started swatting her ass hard with the slapper. With each swat,
she jumped and squealed until she started sticking her ass back, offering it to
the blow, anticipating, wanting, begging, in essence, for another.  Then, a hard
slap across both nipples. She was thrashing violently.

Her golden hair was soaked from her sweat, plastered around her face and neck,
her eyes were wild and unfocused.  She was so close. I stopped and stood back. 
She was panting as if she had run a race. She shook her head, trying to make her
sex crazed mind determine why I quit. She saw me standing there.

I wish I could put a picture of her face here for you. It was pure, raw,
unadulterated, animal sex. She flexed her muscles like a lioness ready to
pounce, her eyes locked onto mine.  She brought both legs off the floor, doing
the spilts as she hung from the ceiling. I brought the slapper up directly
across her pussy.

She screamed as her body began flopping like a fish out of water. I yanked her
legs up, spread them and wrapped them around my waist. I guided my cock into
her.

"Yes.  Yes.  Fuck me.  Fuck my cunt, you bastard. Fuck me until I die!" she
screamed directly in my face, as she locked her ankles behind my back. Holding
her by the waist, I fucked her as hard as I could, feeling her pussy spasming.
Her face was lustful intensity as she moved up and down, guided by my hands but
propelled by her thighs around me.

"Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," she screamed over and over, like some kind of
erotic prayer chant. I felt her thighs start to tighten and her pussy squeezing.
Slowly, her body straightened, her back arched as the pressure on my cock and
ribs became almost unbearable. Only the suspension cuffs, kept her from being
parallel to the floor. As it was, she was looking back at the wall behind her
although I am sure she saw nothing.  Screaming ceased. Motion ceased. For an
instant, all was still. I thought my ribs would crack, the only sound I heard
being the bending of those bones like branches in a windstorm. She released her
breath like air escaping a pressure valve.

She relaxed, even her legs releasing their death grip. An insane laughter
exploded from her. Then, she tightened and arched, gasping wildly for breath as
an orgasm erupted in her. Contract-gasp, relax-laugh, came in a rapid fire
sequence until she passed out.

I fell to the floor as she dangled unconscious from the suspension cuffs. I lay
there trying to regain strength. Somehow, I managed to carry her in my arms
upstairs and put her in our big bed. I collapsed by her.  I felt Mary cover us
over before I, too, passed out.

It was mid afternoon when I awakened. I untangled myself from Andy and wandered
towards the kitchen, moving slowly and feeling the tenderness in my sides where
her legs had held me. There I found a note from Mary saying she would be back by
four. Opening the refrigerator, I found a container of home made soup ready to
be nuked and a ham and cheese sandwich on bakery bread. I stuck the soup in the
microwave, got a quart of milk, a bag of potato chips, and the sandwich and sat
down at the table.  I ate all that, two bananas, an apple and an orange, before
I went back in the living room.

I was resting with my eyes closed when I heard her. Andy was stalking towards me
from the bedroom.  I could see the blue on her breasts and thighs, the
yellow-purple of the hickey, the red splotches from the slapper. Again, she
looked like a hunting lioness. She sat across my lap, drove her pussy down
against my crotch and seized my head in her hands. She kissed me hard, biting my
lip, sucking my tongue deep into her mouth. Holding my shoulders, she rolled out
of the chair, pulling me with her.  She shoved me to the floor, and, in a
sixty-nine position, shoved her pussy in my face.

"Eat me," she said. Then, she wrapped her lips around my cock. I ate pussy as if
my life depended on it.  No. I ate it like I loved it, which I did.  She started
orgasming almost immediately, pumping her juices into my eager mouth. I do not
know how many orgasms she had before she collapsed and was instantly asleep.

See.  None of this would happened if I had programmed Andy only to follow my
commands.

Andy was collapsed on me, her head on my leg, her fingers wrapped around my
cock, her pussy just inches away from my juice-covered face.  I heard the door
open but did not move, thinking Mary was back.

I heard soft, feminine giggles. I squirmed to look back.  My sisters were
standing in the doorway. Mom was wide eyed behind them. "You girls let me
through with this luggage," Dad said. He came into view, laden with baggage like
a camel on a desert caravan.

"Hi, son.  Are we interrupting anything?"  I could see him staring at Andy's
hairless and still swollen pussy and her ass with its red and blue splotches.

"How was Aspen?" I asked. I mean, what would you have said if your entire family
found you buck naked, your face covered in pussy juice, with a naked women on
top of you and holding on to your cock? I do not think Miss Manners has written
a column about this social situation.

"Oh, it was great, but we have to leave tomorrow and we wanted to spend the
night here with you," Mom chirped in.

Looks like I have a full house again.  Fortunately, that is the way I like it.

To be continued . . .

Please! Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com






MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 29 (MF+ Inc)

Family Time

With Mom, Dad, Abby, Betty and Cathy all watching, unblinking and in shock, I
rolled Andy off me.  She did not even groan when her head thudded against the
floor.  She was splayed out in all her naked glory, which is quite glorious I
will admit, but I knew she would be mortified to have them see her this way.
Why, you ask, would a woman who screamed for a man to fuck her up the ass as she
was bound over a whipping horse in a New York City bondage club watched by
several hundred people, be embarrassed by being seen naked by four women and a
man in her own home?  Hell, I don't know, but she would.

Cathy saw my desperate glance, grabbed a comforter and threw it over Andy.  I
heard Mom gasp as I stood to pick up and carry her to the bedroom where I lay
her on the bed and covered her over.  When I kissed her lightly on the lips, her
eyes popped open and she pushed me away.

"No, Davy. Too tired. Too sore," she mumbled before she fell asleep again. I
slipped on some chinos and returned to the living room.  My family had not
moved. Dad was staring at the place Andy had been and his cock was at attention.
In his mind, he was still seeing Andy naked and the thought of her body was
driving him wild right now. Mom had noticed Dad, too. She was eyeing him
thoughtfully.

"So, everyone had a good time in Aspen?"

"Great time," Dad said. We all started talking about everything but the sight
they saw when they came in. Cathy just had to know.

"What happened to Andy?"

All right.  Here is a dilemma.  All of them were programmed by Uncle Bert to be
my kittens, except Dad who was a horny old tom cat.  But, they were not
currently under programming so anything I said or did would be received by them
as if they had never been programmed.

How to answer?  Honesty in family relations is important, you know.

"She had one hell of an accident skiing yesterday.  Took a real bad tumble
coming down a black diamond slope."

No one was buying that.  In for a dime, in for a dollar.

"She was lucky she did not break anything.  It was a really bad accident."

"Oh?" Abby said.   "How does one get a hickey on a tittie in a skiing accident?"
The three sisters giggled nervously as they watched Mom for her reaction.  Five
days ago they would have received a long lecture on both their language and the
proper subject for discussions by young ladies.  The programming I gave Mom
held.  She just smiled and said, "I bet Davy gave her the hickie. What do you
think, Charlie?"

"I don't know. But, I know I need to lay down for a while. Why don't you come
with me, Alice?"

"I think I will.  I could use a short nap myself."  They must have been real
tired because they ran for the bedroom.

"Can you believe it?  I think Mom and Dad went to fuck," Betty said after the
bedroom door was safely closed.  All three started babbling about the general
ramifications of knowing your parents are off fucking, which has been a topic of
discussion between parents as well as children since time immemorial.  I watched
my sisters.

Ever since Uncle Bert, in that first message Andy gave my six months ago, said
he had fucked all three of my sisters and all of my female cousins, I had
wondered what they would be like in bed.  As you remember, I had Cathy the other
night. I planned to have Cathy again but Abby and Betty were different.  Sure, I
loved them and I would do anything for them. I just never wanted to fuck them. 
Well, maybe a little, but not enough to even beat off with them as the fantasy
and certainly never as much as I wanted Cathy.   I beat off thinking about her
many a time. It occurred to me that knowing Uncle Bert had fucked them made me
want them just to have them, almost like a prize or sharing a reward a friend
had, not because they were desirable women and wonderful individuals in their
own right.   Was that the devil dog? Or, was that just being male?

I was contemplating and they were gossiping when the back door opened and Mary
called a friendly hello. We all went to help her. Amid the rapid female banter,
I realized I was not needed.  I left them happily talking about the age when
people quit enjoying sex, not that any of them were old enough to know. I
slipped out of my chinos, lay down on the bed beside Andy and closed my
eyes. Sleep quickly came and I dreamed again.

Andy, Cathy and I were at a white, old fashioned, wrought iron, table, the kind
you see in ice cream parlors, sitting in those matching wrought iron chairs.  We
were outdoors under a large tree, like a Paris street scene from an
Impressionist painting in the museum, with gaily dressed people in late
nineteenth century clothing strolling nearby.  You could hear the chatter and
the music of a organ grinder on the street corner. We were eating ice cream
sundaes from tall glasses, using long-handled spoons.

Andy and Cathy were dressed in dresses of the period, sexy, full frocks with low
bodices emphasizing lush breasts, waists tightly constricted and corseted, and
loose skirts with hems to the ground.  Andy was unbelievable, her already narrow
waist drawn down to only eighteen inches by the corset.  It also pushed up and
displayed her breasts, making her hourglass figure even more pronounced.  She
was coquettish, flirting with me shamelessly (at least, shamelessly for that
time period). Although it was obvious she would welcome any advance I made to
her, I was uninterested in sex.  I was naked and my cock was flaccid.

The devil dog was lying quietly beside me, as any well behaved dog would be with
its master.   "Diablo," Cathy called. The giant dog raised his head to look at
her.   Cathy slid down in her chair and put her feet on the edge of the table,
spreading her legs invitingly. She raised her skirt to her waist.  Underneath,
she was wearing the white hose of the period, which were attached to the corset
by garters. She was panty less. Her pussy lips were already plumped in need and
her hairy bush had  been neatly trimmed. She opened her knees wider.

"Pussy, Diablo. Pussy," she said in a high, childish voice as if offering her
pet a treat. The devil dog crawled between her legs. She flinched when his cold
nose touched her hot box, gaining her smells.  His long, thick tongue began to
lap at her slit.  I could see his tongue enter her, see the wetness of his
saliva and her juices, coating her pussy lips and upper thighs.  I could see her
clit quivering when his sandpaper like dog's tongue brushed against it.  She was
groaning loudly.  The passers by did not notice her or us but continued as if we
were not there.

Diablo's tongue was now a cock, a thick, long, man's cock. Cathy started to
gasp, obviously in the throes of orgasm, as his tongue moved faster and faster
in and out of her.  She squealed and shivered.  Her back arched and she moaned
very loudly, still without attracting any attention.  Then, she pushed him away,
pulled her dress down and sat up straight as if nothing had happened.

"Bad dog," she said sharply and hit him across the nose with the long-handled
spoon. Diablo lumbered back beside me and sat. He looked me in the eye, and
said, in English without a trace of accent, "and, you call females of my species
bitches."  He lay down again, his giant head resting on his forepaws and closed
his eyes.

Cathy had a devilish, slutty look as she stared at me.  She said with a leer,
"Davy, don't you want to crawl over her and lick my sweet pussy?"  Diablo raised
his head to look at me. He was smiling.

I felt a warm hand on my cheek, tender and light in its touch. My eyes opened to
see Mary sitting beside me.  "You okay?" she asked softly.

"Sure. Just resting my eyes."

"Your guests are wondering what happened to Andy and you. She does look pretty
beat up."

"She is going to be fine," I replied as I struggled to sit up. Andy was still
hard asleep, dead to the world. I took a quick, cold shower to refresh me.
Dinner was almost ready when I got back to the kitchen. Mary had made rosemary
chicken with garlic potatoes, steamed vegetables and fresh, bakery bread.  Dad
already had the wine opened and was sampling it.

When I walked into the kitchen, I was pinged.  Ping, ping. Again and again. Abby
and Betty were leaning against the counter talking to Mom and Mary as they
worked on dinner. Dad was in the living room watching the news on TV. Cathy was
sitting in a chair watching me. Ping, ping.

Ignoring Cathy's sexual advances,  I took Abby into the middle bedroom to talk.
Everyone else wanted to go, too, but it was none of their business. I wanted to
put her in a trance to explore how much directional capability I had with her. 
If she had been programmed like most of the kittens, all I could do was make her
fuck me. If she was programmed like Mom, I had a lot of power.  She was like
Mom.  I met with Betty, Cathy, Mom,  Dad and Mary. By then, I was ready and so
was dinner.

What does your family talk about over dinner?  Grades? Soccer games? The work
day? We talked about sex.  We really talked about sex. I had programmed all of
them to be totally honest with me and discuss anything and everything I wished.
I also had programmed them to not remember any of it after dinner, but to
remember we spent the entire time talking about skiing and old episodes of
Seinfeld.

Rather than relating all the conversation in detail, I will summerize the key
points.  Dad and Mom had been faithful to each other all those years, with one
exception. It was when I programmed Mom to make Dad the best fucked man in LA
that things changed.  Since then Dad had sex with eleven different women, and
Mom joined in all of them.  When I asked Mom if she had been programmed to be
faithful, she said yes.  She never mentioned her long time affair with Uncle
Bert, so  I was sure he had blocked out her admitting it even under programming. 
I wondered if Mom and Dad would have been as pure if Uncle Bert had not
intervened.

Abby gave her virginity to my best friend, Roger Peckwood, when she was sixteen. 
One night when he and I were spending the night at my place so we could leave
early the next morning for the beach, he had snuck into her room as the two of
them had previously arranged. I think I remember that night. I know I remember
the next day. Roger was very tired.  Betty lost her virginity to Uncle Bert. 
Cathy raped Uncle Bert one night as he had already told me in one of the
messages he left me.

Abby loved to suck cock but Betty did not.  Abby would take it up the ass but
did not like it much. Betty was the about the same.  Cathy loved to suck and get
ass fucked (no surprise there).  Mom and Dad had a great sex life, much better
since the programming change I made in Mom.

The real reason I wanted the discussion was to obtain every ones knowledge and
opinion of Cathy and problem. One thing that came out is Cathy made a practice
of fucking every boy either Abby or Betty dated, which may be one of the reasons
both of them were so popular.  The other thing  which was such a revelation was
Cathy seduced Dad when she was almost fifteen.  Ever since then, she had used
that as a weapon to get from Dad what she wanted, having sex with him three of
four times a year just to keep him in line. That was Dad's only affair.

The very strong and uniform conclusion:  Cathy was a predatory bitch. My problem
was what to do about it.

Remember, Uncle Bert believed, although he was not sure, that Cathy's problem
stemmed from a brain chemistry interaction with the programming chemical he gave
her.  I was leaning towards a different conclusion.  I instructed Abby, Betty
and Dad to go fuck and not come out of the bedroom until morning. I ordered
Cathy to clean the kitchen and do the dishes, then report to me for further
instructions. I led Mom and Mary into the living room where I returned Mom to
her trance.

There, for almost an hour, we talked about Cathy.  Mary contributed heavily to
the discussion.  Once again, she gave wise counsel.  When I believed I had all
the information Mom had to give, I ended her trance.

"Well, what were we talking about?" Mom asked, trying to clear her head.

"I had just asked if you liked your nipple rings."

"Oh . . .  Yes, I do.  My nipples are much more sensitive now and, well, that
increases my fun."

"Let me see them again."  She did not hesitate in removing her top. I began
playing with them, primarily to test her reactions. Desire crossed her face. She
put her hand on the back of my neck and guided my mouth to her breast.  I was
six-months-old again, nursing at mother's teat, except this time I heard Mom
moaning.   I enjoyed the feel of them in my mouth, the rings as well as the
nipples.

"Why don't you take your mother to bed, Davy?" Mary asked.

"No. I could not do that," Mom retorted, pushing me away from her.

Before I could respond, Cathy walked in and asked for further instructions.

To be continued . . .

Please! Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com





MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 30

Mom

Mary had just suggested I take Mom in the bedroom and fuck her.

As Mary, Mom and I sat, the silence was so strong I could hear the tick of the
clock on the wall. No one was moving.  Mary had that look again, the look she
gets when she is inside my mind, reading my thoughts. She was waiting on me to
act as though she already knew what I would do.

Mother was watching me with frightened anticipation, hands folded tightly in her
lap, so tightly her knuckles were white.  She was naked to the waist. Before
Mary's suggestion, I had been playing with Mom's breasts, suckling her ring
punctured nipples, as I had in my infancy.

Mom had moaned when I suckled, one hand holding me snugly to her breast, the
other stroking me in rhythm to the motion of my nursing.  I could smell that
faint smell of a woman's need wafting up from her, and feel the heat she
generated.

I could tell Mom wanted to be fucked. That did not mean she wanted me to do it.

I wish I could have been in her mind right then. What was she thinking?  Was she
thinking of taking me, as a woman takes a man, welcoming me between her spread
legs for our mutual pleasure? Once, she had spread her legs in pain to allow me
to come into this world. Now, did she want to spread them again for me, this
time sexually?  As if she read my thoughts, a blush rose from her naked stomach
to grow across her upper body, ending where her hair began. Her nipples were
erect, but I did not know if that was from sexual desire, or a simple physical
reaction to being suckled.

Mother was only forty, just four years older than Mary.  Thanks to the breast
implants Dad gave her as a Christmas present, her breasts were delightful, high,
firm, perfectly balanced. Her nipple rings were highly sexual to me, indicating
a deep awareness by her of the most primordial relationship between the sexes
and her positive desire to participate in it.

She had a nice trim figure, kept that way by her diet and exercise, and a lovely
bottom with shapely legs flowing to trim ankles and pretty feet.  It was easy to
see where my three sisters got their good looks.  She had a pretty face, a
lovely, warm smile. Her eyes were expressive, round.  I had seen them like burnt
coals when she was angry with me.  And, I had seen them like soft pools showing
her tenderness and comforting.

She was a very attractive woman.  And, she was a sexual woman.  I had never
noticed that before this trip, not even when Andy and I visited LA not too long
ago. She seemed like a Mom then, or a biochemist.  Asexual.  Sitting before me
now, her flesh exposed and hot, the red of the blush on her pale skin,  her
nipples erect and the rings glistening as they moved when she breathed, she was
very much a sexual creature.  I saw now what Dad and Uncle Bert and  probably
countless other men had seen. In my eyes, the woman, the very appealing and
sensual woman, had emerged from the role of mother which she played so well.

My cock saw her, too. He was not concerned with the niceties of life, of incest
or taboos or societal restrictions.  He let the brain worry about those. Slowly,
he hardened in my trousers. I moved to free a constriction and the cock head
poked up, tenting the cloth.

Mom saw it. She licked her lips in anticipation, but turned her body slightly
away from me, her head turning further and downward.  Her arms moved to cover
her naked breasts, hiding them from me for the first time.

Cathy cleared her throat, seeking attention, breaking the silence.  I gave her
an order just to send her away from us and she left the room.  Mary had not
moved as she watched the interplay between us.  Almost from habit, my eyes
skimmed the room looking for him. For Diablo.  The devil dog.  He was nowhere to
be seen.

Why did I want to fuck her? Was it because she was a woman, representing all of
that precious gender, and like any man I wanted any woman hot, twisting and
gasping under me? Was it because she was a woman special to me, a woman who
played a large part in my life, a part I wished to expand by the most intimate
of sharing? Was it Oedipus, leaping from my psyche to take that which was my
father's most treasured possession? For me, that sword had still another side
since my Mother was the wife of the man I called father and the lover of the man
whose seed created me.

Was it power? Power to control she who controlled me for such a large part of my
life?  I had the power, no doubt about that.  A command from me would make her
do anything. She would strip naked and crawl though the snows of Vail until her
breasts froze if I commanded it.   She would fuck every man in town, or every
woman or dog or elk.  I had that power over her thanks to the programming from
Uncle Bert.

When I was young, she had the power, power to hurt or help, to control or
release, to love or hate. And, she had a power over me I would never have over
her: the power to shape and form, the power to mold and create a human as they
grew. I was totally dependent on that power, dependent on her.  How had she
exercised that power?  With love.  With kindness and discipline and strength and
care.  She had done well for me.

She was not programmed to obey now.  If I wished to take her by exercising my
power, I would need to say those magic words,  "Do you prefer sirloin or tube
steak?"  Unprogrammed, she was just a woman, a mother, naked to the waist before
a man who was her son.  She knew, as I did, the situation was sexual and highly
charged.

She did not speak.  She waited.  The waiting itself indicated the base of our
relationship at that very instance. She did not take control as a mother might
well have done. She did not leap and flee as a woman would in a sexual situation
she found unacceptable. She did not bill and coo to speed our coupling.  She
waited.  She waited for me to make a decision as a woman would wait for a man.

I saw a movement from the corner of my eye.  The devil dog had entered the room.
He circled behind the chair Mary was in and crossed in front of Mom as she sat
on the couch. He came to me, his giant head higher from the floor than mine. His
expression was neutral as he lay down and put his head across my foot.

What would I do?  What would you have done?

I watched as Mom self-consciously wiped away a rivulet of sweat drifting down
between her breasts with a long red-tipped finger.  We all waited in silence
until she could stand it no more. She looked at me with a pleading gaze,
silently asking me to decide and remove the crushing anticipation from us all.

"Mom, do you want me to make love to you?"

"Yes, I do, Davy."

She shivered.  I could see the goose bumps across her arms and on the high part
of her chest between neck and breasts. Her smile, so tender and loving, flashed
at me, gone in an instant, replaced by a questioning, undecided and pleading
look.

"You know I would come to you if you asked, Davy."

Her hands separated, their color quickly changing from white to red as
circulation returned. Her arms unfolded, leaving her breasts exposed to my sight
again.  She turned slightly, returning to the position she had originally which
was facing me.

"But, please, don't ask.  I do not think we should.  Somehow, it would not seem
right."

She gave a quick, wan, smile and looked away. Her arms tensed and relaxed. She
straightened her back to ease her tension. Subconsciously I presume, the
straightening arched her back, moving her breasts towards me, making them shimmy
and the light sparkle from the rings in a sensual twinkle. Now, her eyes locked
onto mine, bright lasers holding me.

"It is your decision.  I will happily do whatever you wish." Hers was a woman's
voice to a man, without hint of a mother's natural command presence.

I was sorely confused, as my cock and several parts of my brain warred in
desperate silence in me. I was as confused as she was, but my confusion was
evident only to me. Her confusion was shouted by the juxtaposition of her words
and body language, the former saying no, the latter pleading yes.

Diablo, my now continual companion, raised his head slowly, to look at her. I
could see his eyes taking her in, measuring her, appraising her. It was the look
all you men have given countless women, the look all you women have received
countless times as a man decides whether to approach you. Then, he turned to me. 
His lip twitched in the start of a smile.  Mary was still, her face neutral, her
eyes passive, as she watched us and absorbed all she saw.

"I want you, too, Mom."

Emotions flashed across her face like laser beams at a light show: happiness,
sorrow, lust, fear, need, apprehension, in rapid succession until she looked
away. Her right hand went to her hair, fluffing and straightening it. She sighed
audibly.

"But, I agree we should not. We should be Mom and Son. I think that is best for
us."

She looked at me as if she did not understand. Incomprehension slowly morphed to
a loving smile as the tension blew away like dust in a high wind, gone to the
great relief of all. We stood simultaneously, hugging each other. I felt her
hand stroking my head as she  had done countless times and the Mother's kiss of
closed lips pressed against my cheek. I also felt her breasts crushed hotly
against my chest but that was of no importance now.

We whispered our love and she turned to go to where she belonged, to her room,
to my father, Charles.

"Mom," I called after her. She stopped and turned, a warm smile on her face.
"Yes, honey?"

"Please send Betty into my room.  Tell her to get in bed and I will be there
shortly."

"Do you want Abby, too?"

"No, thanks.  Just Betty for now."

"Good night, baby. I love you."

"Good night, Mom. I love you, too," I called after her as she walked down the
hall.

When I turned to Mary, the devil dog was laying beside her chair but she was
unaware of his presence.

"Bert would be proud of you, Davy.  He might have done it differently, but he
would be proud of the way you did it."

"Damn right, he would have done it differently.  He would have fucked her eyes
out!"

"I don't think so," she replied.

It suddenly occurred to me that Uncle Bert had a father and mother, the same
parents as Charles and all the other Wilson brothers. Like a bolt, a picture of
Uncle Bert fucking Grandma flashed through my head.  She was as she was when I
last saw her shortly before her death, with straggly and thinning gray-blue hair
and her teeth out.  It was a picture I did not want to think about, and I was
glad I did not know that answer.   Still, I wondered.

"Well, what do you want me to do now?"

Cathy, looking sullen, stood in the doorway.

"Cathy, baby, let's have a little talk."

I took her hand, leading her towards the basement. Mary followed after me and
that damn dog went back to from wherever he came.

To be continued . . .

Please!  Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com





Dear Readers, This is a very dark chapter, the darkest I will write in this
series. No offense is meant.  It is part of the story. E.Z.

MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 31 (MC, fant,MF+)

Cathy's Secret

Cathy was following me downstairs in the Vail house, unaware of what was about
to happen.  Mary, who always had an idea, followed behind her.   When I opened
the dungeon door, I seized Cathy's arm to drag her inside.  She saw all the
bondage equipment: the horse, the table, the wall ladder.

"No," she shouted.

It was a fight, a real, no-holds-barred-fight. Cathy kicked and screamed and
cursed and bit and scratched.  I got kicked hard in the leg and claw marks down
my left arm. It was over when I pinned her face down on the floor, holding up
arms up in the air, twisting them, leveraging her body into the floor, as I sat
on her back.  Mary attached thick leather restraints to Cathy's four limbs and
her neck.  As Mary held one of Cathy's arms, I bent the other behind her, the
palm between her shoulder blades and the elbow below it near her spine. Then, I
did the same with the other.  We attached the wrist restraints together.  With a
short rope, I tied her elbows together, pulling them tightly until the rope bit
deeply into her flesh and her elbows touched.  It was a painful and difficult
position.

Just yesterday I had brought Andy to this dungeon. I had whipped her and fucked
her until we both collapsed.  She had loved it and so had I.  That was my intent
that time: to bring sexual pleasure to us both.  My intent was not related to
sex or to pleasure this time.  My intent was to find out what the hell was going
on in Cathy's mind.

"Please, Davy. Oh, God this hurts. Stop, Davy. Please, stop," she sobbed.
Cathy's screaming had stopped now as had her struggles.  She knew we had her. 
She was pleading for us to let her go.  I pulled her to her feet, led her under
the hoist and attached the chain to her collar. If she fell over, she might
strangle herself, but I was there to prevent that. I wanted her in one place and
she was.

"Why don't you put her under?" Mary asked, wiping the sweat from her face and
pushing back her hair.

"Good idea," I replied, knowing it was not.  Because if my hunch was correct,
Cathy had never been programmed.

"Which do your prefer sirloin or a thick tube steak?"

"It depends on the chef."  I could see the change in Cathy's expression. The
fear and terror was gone. She was a sexual creature use to controlling
situations and men with her  powers. She gave me a slutty look.

Ping, ping.  They were hard, almost body punches. Ping, ping.  My cock was rock
hard and my mind was reeling from sexual desire for her, for Cathy, for this
most sexual creature I had ever met. I wanted to drop everything and fuck her
until I died of exhaustion. Her power was that strong.  Ping, ping.

I took a deep breath and closed my eyes. With all the concentration I had, I
focused. Orderly thinking was in my genes. And, it had been trained into me
since birth by two scientist parents and my own scientific education.  Uncle
Bert's programming given to me by Andy had reinforced it.  Still, I was under
siege from the raw power Cathy threw at me.  I felt as though I was encased in
plastic wound tightly around my body. I fought to focus, to control my own mind. 
Suddenly, the plastic fell away. I could breathe and the air even smelled
fresher. My concentration had won.  I felt no sexual urges at all and my cock
was soft and quiet in my trousers.

I opened my eyes to see Mary unfastening Cathy's collar.

"Mary! What are you doing?"

Her expression was raw sexual need when she turned towards me. "I am going to
have sex with Cathy. I am letting her free for me."

"No! Mary, I order you to stand back and leave her alone."

"Please, Davy! I want her!"

Cathy was focusing all the power she had on Mary now. Mary was trapped. She
would do anything to make love to Cathy, but, she was programmed to obey me and
I had given her a direct order.  With my fingers extended, I hit Cathy sharply
in the solar plexus to break her concentration. She exhaled and gasped, trying
to breathe.  Mary fell back on the floor.

"Mary! Leave! Go upstairs!"

Mary jumped up and ran from the room. I locked the door behind her.

Cathy's eyes looked like a trapped animal, a rat in a corner, or, a snake coiled
and ready to strike. We were alone now.

"I know you are not programmed.  How did you do it?"

"What are you talking about?"

She tried to act innocent but her body language gave her away. She was a fighter
trying for an advantage.  I could tell she was in pain from the horrible tight
bindings on her arms. Just as I concentrated to drive out her sexual power, she
was trying to drive out the pain so she could stay focused on me. That is the
reason I had bound her that way.  I wanted her to ache.

"The proper phase is 'Which do your prefer sirloin or tube steak?', not 'thick
tube steak'.  You gave yourself away."

"Davy, I do not understand," she replied, again acting innocent.  I took the
clothing shears from the cabinet where Uncle Bert had inventoried all sorts of
neat things and walked back to my sister. She blanched and pulled back. I
slipped the shears in the collar of her blouse and began cutting off her
clothes. She was totally still, not wanting the sharp steel to cut her precious
flesh.

"Cathy, I love you, but I have to get to the bottom of this. Tell me about it?"

"Tell you about what?" she asked as I slipped the shear point into her leggings
and started cutting them away.

"I know you are frightened. I know you do not wish to give up this power you
have but you must.  Your power does not work on me, Cathy, not anymore. I have
you and I will not let you go, not until I am satisfied I know what is
happening. Give it up to me, Cathy.  I am the one man in your life you can trust
to care for you. You can give it up without fear."

She was naked now.  Cathy has an unbelievable body, certainly better than Eve's
or any of the other Baywatch babes, almost as good as Andy.  She has a beautiful
face which expresses so many subtle emotions. She is an outstanding female. She
was also a dangerous and predatory member of the deadliest species - human
beings.  She was hurting badly from her arm bondage.  She was starting to shiver
from fear, the sweat pouring from her body.

"You won't hurt me. You love me too much."

It was said in disbelief, which made me hope I could get what I needed with no
harm to her. She was desperate for some advantage, some thing that would give
her hope. I had to strip away all hope, all security from her, no matter what it
took.  She had to believe I would do what it took to reduce her to total and
complete submissiveness to me. For that to happen, I had to be ready to do
whatever it would take.  I steeled myself.

This was not a surrender from programming like Eve, my taking her because of the
impact of the chemical on her will.  This was a fight to the death. And, it was
a fight I must win.  It was obvious to me as much as she knew about the
programming and being unprogrammed herself, Cathy was a deadly threat to us all. 
If a criminal element found out about it, they would do anything to get the
formula. Our lives, Andy and Mary and mine, would be worthless. Even our
government could not be trusted not to harm us for the knowledge.

I had to break Cathy.  I had to.

"Yes, I will hurt you. Remember when I was about fourteen and started reading
about western history?  Remember the stories I read and told to you about how
the Comanche Indians broke the white women they captured to make them docile
slaves? You were ten, then.  Remember those stories?"

Cathy was white, the color gone from her face. I stood right against her, my
face in hers. I concentrated on making myself as mean, my face as frightening,
as I could. I wanted her to get the message. I took a breast in each hand,
massaging them roughly as I spoke.

"Remember? Remember all I told you.  I will do that to you.  I will cut little
pieces off your breasts and make you eat them, bite by bite.  I will cut off
your toes so you cannot walk, cut out your tongue so you cannot speak.  I will
cut off your clit and your pussy lips so you can have no sexual pleasure. I
will, Cathy. And, you know I will.  You know if I can ignore the sexual power
you aimed at me, I am capable of anything, capable even of torturing and maiming
you."

I felt warm liquid hit my trousers leg, drenching me and her as she peed on us.
I did not move away.  I intensified my glare.

"Yes, darling Cathy. This is too important to let you get away with anything.
Think, Cathy. Think. Remember the story about the white woman the Comanches
burned with coals.  You threw up that night when I told you. Remember.  You ran
screaming into Mom and Dad's bedroom.  I got spanked for it. Remember.  Remember
what the Comanches did to her."

Cathy was almost in shock, sweating profusely, still except for an
uncontrollable shaking as if she had a very bad flu.  Her eyes were wide,
unblinking, filled with fear.

"The Comanches tied her down, spread eagled and naked. They took a hot coal from
the fire. They did it slowly, very slowly.  They took all night. They wanted her
to scream. They wanted all the other women to hear it, to remember, to
understand they would do the same to them. They wanted her to remember her own
screams, her own begging them to stop. Remember, Cathy? They took the coal and
held it above her so she could see it.  They wanted her to think about that heat
on her body.  An ash dropped on her face.  She screamed and struggled, but to no
avail."

I wanted Cathy to think about it.  I wanted to terrorize her. The pain in her
arms was pounding through her, being multiplied by the fear from a story she
knew was true was creating.

"They moved the coal out of her vision. She tried to sit up, to see, to know. 
Where were they going to burn her?  Where? What part of her body be burned off
in the worse pain a human can have?"

Cathy crossed her legs, turning, trying to protect her crotch.

"That's right, Cathy. She could not see but she knew that hot, burning coal was
between her legs.  The brave held her hair down, so she could not see where they
were going to disfigure her. He jerked it hard, like this!"

I yanked her hair, pulling her head back.  Cathy sobbed from deep in her gut.
She did not try to pull away from me. She was too frightened to control her own
body.  She just shook.

"She felt the heat between her legs, didn't she?  She felt the heat there. They
moved the coal around, letting her feel the heat against her thigh, her knee,
her pussy.  She could smell the hair burning. She could feel it between her
legs. She thought they were going to burn off her pussy lips. That is what she
thought, wasn't it?"

Cathy nodded mechanically as tears now streamed down her face.

"But, they didn't.  They just let her scream.  Can't you hear her screams,
Cathy?  A white woman captured by savages.  She had watched as they killed her
husband, cutting his scalp off while he was still alive, leaving him to die in
pain in the hot Texas sun.  She had been raped many times by many braves.  She
had been beaten by the squaws, whipped with the long deer hide whips.  She had
been given little food and water, made to work all day as the sun burnt into her
tender skin.  Remember, Cathy?  Remember the description she wrote of her abject
horror.  Think! Remember!"

Cathy was sobbing as the tears flowed freely and deep guttural sobs welled up
from within her.

"Where did they burn her, Cathy?  Where?  Where did that hot coal vaporize her
tender flesh? You remember. They disfigured her.  Forever.  They knew no white
man would take her back after they finished with her. They knew. Do you want
what she got, Cathy?  I know you remember!"

She was moaning, an animal sound like a bear that has been shot and is dying, a
low, deep, deathlike knell.  I saw him then.  Diablo.  Behind Cathy by about six
feet, he was sitting on his bottom as dogs sit. His ears were up and alert,
listening to every sound. His eyes were sharp as if he were watching prey but he
was watching me, watching without emotion in his dark, wolf eyes.

"What did they do, Cathy? What did the Comanches do to the white woman? Tell me!
You know what it was!"

Her voice was very high, squeaky, as if forced through a tight restriction, with
the words bursting out like a shot from a rifle.

"They burned off her nose and lips."

She threw up, projectile vomiting all over me, as she fainted.

Cathy was naked still as she sat on the floor, leaning against the wall. One leg
was bent at the knee and under the other, which was extended. Her left hand held
a can of soda, as the right lay limp in her lap. Her face was down turned, her
eyes dead and void. Around her neck was a steel collar. It fastened behind her,
the two sides held togther and attached to a steel chain by a heavy padlock with
a long hasp.  The other end of the chain was attached to the ring embedded in
the concrete wall.  She was clean now, as was I. She had eaten some soda
crackers to quell her stomach and give her the starch to keep her from going
into shock.

My story has been successful, I thought. I believed she would tell me the truth. 
But, I was ready to torture her if she lied, torture her as the Comanches did
the white women they captured.  Or, at least she believed I would and that is
what mattered.  It must have been a great a shock as remembering that story told
her so long ago to realize her brother was now ready to be her torturer. But,
she had no doubt.

I was sitting in a gray folding chair opposite Cathy. She could not reach me
because of the chain binding her to the wall. Mary was kneeling to my left. Mary
had been very embarrassed about her reaction to Cathy, her quick surrender to
Cathy's power.  She realized she had almost caused us immense harm.  But, I had
forgiven her.  Cathy's power was not something to trifle with.  Mary and I had
cleaned us all up, quickly sanitizing the room yet the faint odor of vomit
lingered in the air.

Diable had moved.  Now, he lay to the right of my chair. My hand was lazily
stroking him between the ears. Cathy looked up at me. Her eyes looked dead, her
face submissive.

She started to tell her story.

"I was thirteen.  I was starting to develop.  Boys were noticing me but you know
how boys are. I got pinched and nasty comments. I knew even then I was very
pretty, though.  I knew what boys wanted and I knew someday, someway they would
want me like they wanted no other woman."

She exhaled loudly, eyes showing her brain had retreated to those days she was
retelling. Absentmindedly, she sipped on her soda and continued.

"Uncle Bert was visiting. He was there to pick you up for the summer. Dad was
out of town.  I awakened during the night all stuffy and feeling a little sick.
I slipped into Mom's room to get in bed with her but first I decided to use the
bathroom.  I was in the bathroom when I heard someone else come in.  It was
Uncle Bert. He slipped into bed with Mom.  I watched them from the bathroom
door.

He fucked her.  At first, I was horrified. I had never seen people fucking and
this was my mother fucking my uncle. But, it was beautiful, Davy. They were
wonderful together. You should have seen them. Mom was moaning and whimpering. 
She loved every second of it. Have you ever seen Mom fuck?  She is hot, really
hot. And Uncle Bert, well.  After they came, he took a glass from the bedside
table and gave it to her.

'Drink this, Alice,' he said.  She did.  Then, he put her in the trance.  He 
began talking to her. I could hear every word, every command.  At first, I did
not understand what he was doing. Then, I remembered some of the stories you
read to me, you know, from your science-fiction phase after your history phase. 
I knew he was programming her mind.  I knew he controlled her.

When he was finished programming her, she lay back and went to sleep.  After
Uncle Bert left the room, I slipped to the side of the bed.  The glass was still
there. There was a little liquid left in it.  I picked up the glass. I starting
thinking "I can control boys, I can control boys."  I was thinking it over and
over as hard as I could.  I kept thinking and swallowed what was in the glass."

Cathy took a deep breath and a long drink from the soda can. She wiped her mouth
with the tips of her fingers.  I do not think Mary or I had moved during Cathy's
story. The devil dog had moved only to raise his head.  He listened as intently
as we did.

"The next day at school, I saw Bobby Winters before class. You remember, Bobby. 
He was the biggest kid, big and dumb, too.  I looked at him. Suddenly, his head
jerked towards me. He stared then started walking to me. He flirted.  Boy, did
he ever flirt.  He and I had several classes at the same time. He could not
think of anything but me all day. In English, Miss Perkins sent him to the
principle because he was flirting with me so much. After school, he literally
got down on his knees and begged me to do something to him, anything.  I rubbed
his cock through his pants until he came in them. Poor Bobby.  He is my slave to
this day."

She stopped again, finishing her soda and asking for more, which Mary gave her.

"Do you want to hear everything?" she asked.

"No.  I am sure you have many stories to tell about all the boys you took."

She gave me a sexy, knowing smile.  Yes, my sister was one hot woman.

"Tell me about Uncle Bert."

"I kept working on my technique, my mind and sexual control technique. Davy, I
was obsessed with developing my skill.  I read books on telepathy, hypnosis,
everything I could find on controlling and developing your mind. I wanted to
develop my sexual skills, too. Remember your friend, Rodney. Well, he had a
porno video collection.  He showed all of them to me in exchange for a few hand
jobs.  I studied them over and over. So, not only was I developing my mental
skill, I was developing my sexual skill, too.

Then, Uncle Bert came again.  That is when I took him, when I lost my virginity.
I know from dinner you know all about that.  At dinner, it was you and me, Davy. 
We were the only ones not programmed. Anyway, I focused my mind on Uncle Bert
and then I took him for the first time. I fucked Uncle Bert many times over the
years, Davy.  He was my first and he was a magnificent lover.  When you fucked
me, you reminded me of him.  It was the way you felt between my legs, the little
twist of your hips."

She was looking at me very lovingly, very sweetly now, without a trace of
animosity.

"Once, about a year after I first took the chemical, I stole some from Uncle
Bert when he was visiting. He was not protecting it since he thought we all were
unaware.  I reinforced my mental focus again.  It really is very powerful, Davy. 
I do have tremendous powers.  I doubt there is a man in the world I cannot
control. . . . except you."

"And, Dad?"

"He was easy.  Mom had just returned from one of her fuck sessions with Uncle
Bert and was sore and exhausted.  Dad was horny.  I asked him to come into my
bedroom to visit me. After he shut the door, I dropped my robe.  I was naked. 
As he stared at my body, I focused on him.  No problem.  Dad is good but he in
not Bert.  I guess I have fucked two hundred men, Davy. You and Bert were my
favorites."  I ignored the comment, not knowing if it was to get me off guard or
meant honestly.

"Uncle Bert said you were a whore."

"I told him that so he would give me more money, increase the allowance he was
giving me on the sly.  I knew he would be appalled if I was a whore and feel
guilty about it. I never had sex for money.  I promise." She laughed warmly. "Of
course, when you look and fuck like I do, money is spent on you whether you want
it or not."

"But, he said he had tried to adjust your programming and it did not work."

"I outsmarted him. Using my control, I would get him to tell me when he planned
to program me. Then, I would pour out the chemical, replace it with water and
let him think he was programming me."

Cathy was grinning now, very proud of how she outfoxed Uncle Bert.  She was one
tough cookie, as smart as she was beautiful.  That made her a very dangerous
woman. We all were quiet as I tried to sort through what I had heard.  When I
looked back at her, she was smiling at me with a little girl smile, slightly
sad, shy, submissive.

"What do you plan to do, Davy?"

Cathy asked the question but they all stared at me. Mary, kneeling beside me,
again had that look like she was in my brain.  Cathy, chained to the wall, was
still being honest and sincere.  And Diablo, the devil dog, the monster wolf now
so much a part of my existence, stared with his black eyes.

"I will keep you here until I can find the formula. Then, I will reprogram you
as I want you."

She nodded as she looked away, as if that was what she expected.  She did not
scream or shout. She knew I had to imprison her until I could be one hundred per
cent sure she would never tell. Too much was at risk. Her voice was pleading
when she spoke.

"Please, Davy, hurry and find it.  I do not want to be a prisoner in this
dungeon. I want to live and laugh and love in the light."

"I will do my best, Cathy."

She began to cry, knowing she was here at my mercy, knowing this dungeon was her
home, perhaps forever unless I found the formula.  Ironic, isn't it? Uncle
Bert's formula, stolen and used by her, now was the reason for her imprisonment. 
He had been so worried about her.  But, she had outsmarted him at every turn.  I
wondered if there were any others or if Cathy was unique, the only kitten to
outfox the old top cat himself.

We brought bedding for her, an air mattress with sheets and a comforter for
warmth, a pillow for her beautiful head. I left water and sodas in a small
icebox, the kind you take to the beach, and crackers and cheeses to eat. She was
not bound except for the steel collar chained to the wall. None of her power or
mine would break that chain.

As Mary and I started to leave, Cathy called my name and I looked back at her.

"Those stories, Davy.  You frightened me so.  You would not really burn me,
torture me, would you?"

"Yes, Cathy.  I would.  I will still if I need to.  You must remember that."

To be continued . . .

Please!  Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com






MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 32 (MC, Inc. everything)

Good Morning

In the basement dungeon, I rummaged through the toy box to find a few items I
wanted and stuck them in my pocket.  I kissed Cathy goodnight, not a lover's
kiss but a brother's, one the cheek. She had raised her head to mine but our
bodies did not touch. There were tears in her eyes but not anger. Mary waited as
I locked the door to the dungeon, taking with me the only key. I heard Cathy
whisper a soft good night as the door latch clicked.  I hated what I had to do,
but I had to do it.  My sister, Cathy, was too dangerous to the rest of us to
let her be free.  She was my prisoner, with a steel collar around her neck
attached to the wall.  She would remain my prisoner until I found the formula
and reprogrammed her. If I could not duplicate the formula, I did not know what
would happen.

Mary trudged along side me up the stairs.  She looked very tired, as if she
could not take another step. I was the opposite, exhilarated, energized.   I was
ready for some long and wild sex.  And, I was ready to complete my formula
search, my "treasure hunt" as Uncle Bert laughingly called it, those almost
seven months ago when I first heard his message from the grave.

A lot had happened in that time.  Now, I needed to do a lot in a short time.

"Mary, set the alarm for six. Call Maria in Denver.  I want to meet with her no
later than noon today.  And, we need to talk to Andy.  I want no one going to
the dungeon without me there."

"Yes, sir," she replied as we walked through the door to our bedroom.

It was two in the morning.  Andy was sound asleep on one side of the bed. Betty
was in the middle, curled in a little ball, asleep. I had told Mom to send Betty
to my bed.   Obviously, she had. I pulled back the sheets, took Betty's ankles
in each hand and pulled her to the edge of the bed.

"What? What?" she said, startled, as she tried to awaken.

"Come on, sis.  Training time."

She put her head on my shoulder as I carried her into the living room and lay
her in front of the fireplace.  Its embers were almost gone but I threw on some
more Aspen logs and soon had a great fire going. Betty was sitting up, lazily
scratching herself and yawning.

"Why did you want me in your bed?" she asked, the words garbled by another yawn.

"Betty, I understand you do not like to suck cock or take it up the ass.  I am
going to change that."

Instantly, she was wide awake, her eyes big, her face with that wild startled
expression.

"Who told you that?"

She did not remember that she told me during dinner when we had our wide-open
sex discussion. She had been in a trance, programmed by me to be totally open
and honest.  I had learned a lot over that pleasant family dinner.

"A little birdie told me," I replied.

"Look, Davy. I am your sister. I don't want sex with you."

"Betty, do you prefer sirloin or tube steak?"

"It depends on the chef."

"Which does your pussy prefer?"

Her eyes glazed over and she was in her trance.  While the non family kittens
were programmed for sex only, the family kittens had been programmed by Uncle
Bert so I could change the programming.  I began to change Betty.

"Listen carefully to me. You are a wonderful, classy, self-confident, very happy
and positive woman.  You are also very sexy.  You are not a slut but you love to
fuck. You understand the difference between sex and love.  You are discreet and
careful but you love to fuck."

She was perfectly still, kneeling between my legs, knees together, holds folded
and still in front of her. This was my first time with significant programming
of any kitten.  Naturally, I was concerned about how the programming would be
received but I believed things would go perfectly.

"Besides fucking, you love to suck cock.  You love the feel of a man's cock in
your mouth, the taste of his cum.  You love to swallow. It makes you orgasm to
swallow a man's cum. You like to be fucked in the ass. It makes you orgasm, too. 
And, you like sex with women but only if your man is there and he approves. You
love pleasing your man by pleasuring another woman and you will do it eagerly
and happily.  If you man tells you to, you will have sex with other men.  You
will never have sex with another man without your man's permission. And, you
will do anything else he asks of you unless it would bring you harm. You love it
all: fucking, sucking, ass fucking.  Do you understand?"

"Yes, Davy."  Her voice was that dead trance sound.  Now the hard part.

"You will always be available for Dad and for me, always.  But, you will find a
man, the right man for you.  When it is the right man, you will fall in love
just as if you were  unprogrammed and you will marry.  Then, you will be an
excellent wife and bear his children.  You will be an excellent mother. He will
be your man.  Then, he will control your sexuality except for me. I can override
him and you will obey me rather than him. Understand?"

"Yes, Davy."

"Betty!"  In calling her name, I broke the trance.  She shivered and stretched,
looking very surprised to see me there.  Then, she got a slutty look on her
face. Slowly, she moved up until her lips were opposite mine.

"I want you," she whispered.

Neither Abby or Betty had the body Cathy did, but then Cathy was world class.
But, they both had something equally or more important.  Both were sweet,
loving, kind, feminine women.  I planned her programming to release her
sexuality, to let her have more fun and enjoyment.  I hoped you noticed I
programmed her in a way I thought any man would appreciate, which should
increase the probability of a long, loving and happy marriage.  All right. So, I
did program her so I could override her husband's wishes.  Part of that was for
my own needs. But, a larger part was so I could get her away from him for her
own good, if need be.

Now, I had Betty in my arms. She was hot and squirming against me, eager, happy
and very, very good.  I took her three ways. The ass fucking was painful for her
but she orgasmed through her tears.  When I was finished and she was exhausted,
I gave her one of the toys I brought up from the basement.

"What is this?" she asked.

"A butt plug.  I want you to wear it all the time for the next few weeks to open
your ass so being fucked back there will not be so painful to you."

"Thank you, Davy. That is sweet of you."

She gasped and teared when I inserted the plug.  Then, I told her to go to bed
and send Abby in.  Betty's ass twitched in an unusual way as she walked away,
the blue end of the plug plainly visible.  In a few minutes, Abby came stumbling
in and I started all over again, putting her in trance, programming her and
taking her three ways. When I sent Abby back to bed with her butt plug firmly in
place, it was six in the morning.

I should say both of my sisters were delightful sex partners.  I realized all
three of them had been with me because of the programming.  For an instant, I
was sad.  I would never know if they would have come to me without it.  I guess
that is something all brothers and sisters have to decide for themselves.

As I went in to make coffee, exhaustion hit me like a hammer. I was leaning
against the counter trying not to fall asleep on the floor when I felt arms
around me and hot breasts against my back.

"Good morning, sweetheart.  Guess who has had sixteen hours sleep and is ready
to romp and play?"  Andy's hands dropped to my cock and stroked it. As I turned
to face her, she was licking her fingers.

"Girly goo.  Who did you fuck while I was asleep?"

"Abby and Betty."

"Oh, how wonderful.  I know they enjoyed their big brother finally taking them. 
Still have something left for me, I hope."

Something left?  There she was, rested, happy, eager, horny, delightful, sexy
and oh, so loving.  All she wanted was her man to lay her on her back and fuck
her eyes out.  Andy.  My sweetheart. My love.  The best looking and best fucking
and most loving of all my kittens. Could I do it?  After a long bitter session
with Cathy which required tremendous energy and concentration, and four hours
with the twins, could I give her the fucking she was so sweetly requesting?

No.  I had power.  I never said I was Superman.

"Not now Andy.  I need some sleep."

"Please, sweetheart. Just a quickie."  She was staring up at my with those huge,
blue eyes. Her arms were around me, her breasts burned a hole in my chest. My
cock did not move.  I told you I was exhausted.

"Wake me at seven with a cup of very hot coffee.  Make sure it is hot this
time," I said, referring to a few days ago when I made her go back and reheat
it.

For an instant, something flashed across her face. Had I been more awake, I
might have paid attention to it.  Then, she smiled adoringly.

"Come on.  Let me help you to bed."

I crashed in bed and was asleep in an instant. One of the advantages of the
programming was I needed less sleep than most people. I knew in an hour, I would
be fine.  It was a short hour.  Andy was standing by the bed, gently shaking me,
with a mug of coffee in her hand.  I sat up, eyes still closed. I sipped.  The
coffee was the perfect temperature.  I took a big gulp.

"Holy shit!" I yelled, spitting the coffee across the room. I heard a giggle and
running footsteps as I jumped out of bed to run to the bathroom. My mouth was on
fire.   I jumped in the shower, turned on the cold water and stood under the
nozzle with my mouth open, flushing whatever it was from my tender tissues. The
cold water in Vail in December is cold. The side effect was I was wide awake.  I
wrapped a towel around me and headed for the kitchen, dripping ice water behind
me.

Still naked, she was standing by the stove whipping up a batch of waffles.
Hearing me enter, she turned to face me.  Her eyes were wide and big and
innocent and devilish, all at the same time.

"Sweetheart, was your coffee hot enough?" she said.

"What did you do to my coffee?" I snarled advancing towards her menacingly.

"Why nothing.  I just made it hot for you. Didn't you like it?"  She started to
ease away from me, getting ready to escape. When I came around the table, she
jumped to the other side, keeping it between us.

"What did you put in it?"

"Well, you said you wanted it hot."

"Andy, what did you put in my coffee."

Every movement of mine was mirrored by her to maximize the distance between us.

"Sweetheart, you know I am just learning to cook and."

"You are damn good cook."

"So, well, Mom told me if you wanted something hot to put that stuff in it. See.
There." She pointed to the counter, to a small, square can.  I read the label. 
"Cayenne pepper" it said.

"You put red pepper in my coffee?"

"It was hot, wasn't it?  Did I add too much? Just tell me how much you want,
Davy.  You know how obedient I am."  She was about to laugh.  Her face was red
and bloated fighting it back. I took a step towards her.  This time she made no
move to get away but she giggled, then gasped trying to speak again.

"Please, Davy.  You know I am not that smart.  See."  She held out her golden
mane.  "Blonde.  We blondes are fun but, well, sometimes we aren't so smart. 
Are you going to punish me, Davy?"

I leaped towards her, thinking she would move away, but she stepped towards me,
ripped the towel off me, and in one smooth, easy movement, wrapped her arms
around my shoulders and her legs around my waist. She jammed her mouth against
mine in a powerful kiss as her pussy rubbed against my cock. When she finally
broke the kiss, she said huskily, "Why don't you punish me by fucking me until I
can't walk."

Do I have to tell you? Well, maybe part of it.  First, you know what she looks
like and you know how eager she was and where her legs were. So, think about
that part. Think about it for fifteen minutes because that is how long I had
been in her.

I was ready to cum.  Andy had cum maybe seven or eight times. The whole kitchen
smelled of sex and sweat.  She was a sweater and I loved that about her.  She
was on her back on the kitchen table, legs up, knees to breasts, me between
them, fucking for all I was worth.  I had programmed her to be a little lady.

"Yes.  Yes, David.  Please, David.  Hurry. Your seed.  I want your seed."

I gave her my seed, moaning and grunting, nailing her to the table with my cock
as she squealed. I collapsed on her, resting.  It was then I noticed them.  All
of them. Dad was leaning against the counter gently stroking his cock through
his pajama bottoms. Abby and Betty were standing behind Mom and Mary, who were
sitting at the table chairs drinking coffee.  All of them had been watching us.
How long they had been there I do not know.

"Ummm," I said, clearing my throat.  I started to pull out but Andy locked her
legs behind me and pulled me tightly against her.

"Good morning, everyone," she said brightly.

Later, as she and I were dressing and the others were fixing breakfast, I asked. 
I just had to know.

"Why is it you are very upset if someone sees you naked but being caught by them
fucking did not bother you?"

She gave me a sensual smile as she fastened the top button of her jeans.

"I thought you knew everything," she said.

"I don't know this."

She sidled up to me, put her arms around my neck and kissed me deeply.

"I am a woman, Davy. We are mysterious creatures.  You are not suppose to know
everything about us."

I watched the delightful twitch of her ass as she walked away.  She was right. 
I was not suppose to know everything about them.  At least, that was my excuse.

To be continued . . .

Please! Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com







MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 33 (MF++ MC fun)

A Day in Denver

Mom, Dad, Abby and Betty had left to drive to the airport. I had to put all four
of them in trances to make them quit asking why Cathy was not going home with
them. After the trance, they understood Cathy was going to live with us until
further notice and asked no more questions.

They did not know she was going to live naked in my dungeon, my prisoner until I
had another way to keep her securely. As I thought about Cathy there, naked, the
steel collar around her lovely neck, the heavy chain locked to the thick O-ring
embedded in the concrete, my cock twitched and I shivered.

I kissed Mom and Dad the way a son kisses a parent. When I kissed Abby and
Betty, I let my hand roam over their bottoms, checking to make sure the butt
plugs were still in place. Both of them giggled and told me they understood the
plugs were there until they could accommodate a cock up their behind with
reasonable easiness. Both of sisters gave me sweet kisses on the lips, although
Betty did flick a little tongue and gave me a slutty look when she broke the
kiss.

I checked on Cathy, gave her a bathroom break, locked the house, loaded Mary and
Andy in the Suburban and headed toward Denver.  We had a noon appointment with
Maria. As you remember, Uncle Bert said she had one of the final two pieces
necessary to replicate the formula.

Mary was driving and I was in the back seat to catch a little nap when I felt a
tap on my leg. It was Mary tapping me.  When she caught my eye, she nodded at
Andy, who was riding shotgun. Andy was crying silently.

"Hey, hey. Come here, kitten," I said.

Andy shook her head and refused to look at me. I tried cajoling her but to no
avail. Finally, I ordered her into the back seat with me.  She could not refuse
an order.  She was a kitten. But, I did not order her to talk to me. She sat in
the corner, scrunched up against the door as I tried to figure out what was
wrong.  I asked Mary but she had no idea.

Finally, I tried the old-fashioned way. I yanked her on my lap and made her sit
there. She squirmed a minute, then settled down. The squirming was delightful
and raised other interests, but there is a time and place for everything. She
put her head on my chest and sniffled.

"Okay, Andy, what is wrong?"

"I understand, Davy. And, I love you. I will always love you, no matter what."

That was cryptic and very female.  I thought about her comment just an hour ago,
when she was so bubbly and happy. You remember that comment.  They are
mysterious creatures.

"No matter what?  What does that mean?"

If I did not know better, I would have guessed Andy had hurt feelings over
another woman, which is jealousy, in essence.  But, she was programmed not to be
jealous. I did remember when she was anxious over Lisa.  Andy had said then she
just did not want to be abandoned, that she wanted to be a big part of my life.

Uncle Bert had programmed Mary and Andy in interesting ways.  If he was going to
program her not to be jealous, why leave a hole so she was disturbed over other
women in my life. I mean, the gave me all those kittens.  I know he must have
had the same problem with Mary.  Andy sniffled and spoke.

"Cathy."

"Cathy?"

"Yes. Cathy."

"What about Cathy?"

"You don't love me, do you?"

"Of course, I love you.  I love very much."

"Aha! I knew it.  You love Cathy more than you love me."

She was sitting up now, those blue eyes small and pointed, burning a hole right
through me.  I bet every male reader is saying yes, that sounds like my woman.
And all of you ladies are saying, who, me? Now, if I really wanted to get rich,
I would program woman not to do this to us men.  Guys would pay a lot for that,
I know. But, then, look at how much fun we would miss in working out the
problems.

"Oh, Andy, I love you much, much more than I love Cathy or anybody else in the
world."

"No, you don't. You keep her protected, hid away where guys can't get to her or
even see her, but you let me walk around, just free as a bird. See!"

She began to cry again, not hard, a few tears and sniffles. I said nothing.

"Oh, Davy, I don't mind you fucking other women.  You know that. I enjoy seeing
you with them, seeing you happy. I enjoy being with them, for you, because that
makes you happy. You know I will do anything to make you happy, sweetheart. But,
oh, I just want to, well, I want, dammit, I want to be number one!"

"You are, sweetheart. You are."

I spent the rest of my way to Denver talking to my favorite kitten. You know how
things go. We talked, with her tense and cold on my lap as I cajoled and
wheedled. Then, she started to relax, to understand I did really love her. She
started to feel guilty about accusing me which made her want to cuddle, wrapping
her arms around me, her breath hot and sweet on my neck, her breasts crushed
against me.  She had been shifting in my lap for some time. We kept cuddling,
touching, whispering, making up.  Making up makes me horny (okay, I am always
horny). You know how things go.

"Hey, you two! We are in city traffic here," Mary called out as Andy and I
crawled into the back of the big Suburban where we could lie down.  Andy
giggled.

"It's okay. So what of someone sees us," she whispered, her eyes aglow.

Is that the same woman who was crying half an hour ago? Then, reason kicked in.
Oh, well. There was always tonight.

As I lay in the back of the Suburban with Andy nestled in my arms, I watched the
looks from the drivers of trucks and pickups staring in the windows at us. We
were totally dressed but still they stared. Andy did not notice them, or, if she
did, she did not care.  She was happy being in my arms.  While she was there, I
thought. I thought long and hard until we reached Maria's house.

Since her name was Maria and I was to ask for a recipe for tamales, I presumed
Maria was Hispanic. Wrong. Maria was Polish and lived in a lovely brick house in
a nice suburban neighborhood with kids playing in the street and bikes
everywhere. She was about sixty-five, a lovely widow who had raised four
children and buried a husband after a life long marriage.  We had a delightful
visit before I put her in her trance.

When I asked for the recipe for tamales, she went into the kitchen.  In a
moment, she returned with her recipe folder, which was yellowed with age. She
sat down by the lamp and put on her bifocals.  Mumbling to herself, she sorted
through the T section, finally withdrawing an envelope, which she handed to me.

On the outside was neatly printed, "Open in private." We said our goodbyes to
Maria and jumped back in the Suburban. Andy was at the wheel.  Mary was on the
cell phone checking the messages.

"Where to, sweetheart?"

I gave her the name of the store and she turned beet red.  Then, she giggled and
headed us out. I had told her to go to the exotic boutique where I bought the
neat bondage stuff.

"We have another stop to make," Mary announced.  "Lisa called. Her plane for
Denver left LA ten minutes ago."

Lisa!  Damn!

I had not thought about her in the last few days but I had told her she was
welcome to return, under certain conditions.  Remember, Lisa was my old
girlfriend.  Andy uncovered her deep submissive bent which we started developing
before she went back to LA for Christmas. Now, she was coming back.  I was glad
to have her but the timing could not be worse with Cathy in the dungeon and me
on the edge of getting the formula. But, I could not leave Lisa sitting at the
airport. I would have to work it out somehow.

I pushed Lisa out of mind for the moment and opened the envelope.  It contained
a poem.  Of course, Uncle Bert was no poet but his intention was not to create
art.  It was to give me a message, I hoped a message that would put just one
step from the end of my treasure hunt.

Here is what he wrote: "Kittens sweet, bound as one by woven fur, Paws entwined
to the cows' own rhyme, First heard long ago in summertime, One sings the song,
while the other purrs."

Uncle Bert was cryptic sometimes, although I knew exactly what he meant, and you
probably do, too. Isn't it interesting how he always manages to work sex into
everything? He was a horny old tom cat.

At the exotic boutique, I bought what I thought I would need for my kittens and
for the two women in my life who were not kittens, Cathy and Lisa.  Then, I got
an idea. I talked to the proprietor, borrowed a tape measure and took Andy into
a dressing room. I had her strip and started measuring her.  I was measuring her
entire body, particularly all the dimensions of her crotch. All of them, such as
the length and width of her pussy. Of course, when measuring someone, you have
to touch them and I always like touching Andy.

" Stand up straight and quit quivering."

"I can't help it. What are doing down there?"

"Measuring your pussy. Be still."

"I can't be still. You try to be still when someone is measuring your pussy."

"I don't have a pussy."

"You know what I mean. Oh, Davy, haven't you measured enough?"

She was starting to drip and whimper. Our session in the car had us both a
little on edge, so to speak. When I locked the dressing room door and dropped my
pants, Andy giggled, her eyes big, her face wild. She turned around and bent
over, bracing herself on the small bench and wiggling her ass, as if I needed
direction or encouragement.  Doggie style, I slid into her, hands on her hips as
she pushed herself back into me.

"Quiet, little lady."

"Certainly, David. Very quiet, I think would be best."

We tried to be quiet but quiet is a relative term. There in the dressing room
area we sounded really loud to me. I heard another dressing room door slam, then
another.  Soon, we heard other people pounding away, balls slapping against
pussies, moaning, whimpering.  The smell of other pussies wafted through the
air.  Sweet Andy came quietly as she always did when programmed this way.  I
slipped out of her without ejaculating, turned her around and let her clean me
up in her own, most delightful, way as she knelt on the floor.

When we left the dressing room, Mary was grinning like a hooker.  The owner of
the boutique was nonplused. He just grinned and said, "good for business."  I
gave him all my orders, took what was ready and left.

"What did you special order, Davy?" Andy asked.

"Something for you. Now, it is a surprise. Don't ask again."   She wanted to ask
but could not since I had given an order. With a sigh, she tucked her arm
through mine and leaned against as we walked out.

Denver International was wild with people. After all, it was three days after
Christmas.  We arrived at the gate a little late to find Lisa already off the
plane and wringing her hands with worry, although people were still exiting her
flight. The three girls ran to each other, hugging and chattering as I waited.
Then, Lisa walked over to me, looking very shy. She was red faced with
excitement, unable to stand still.  It was good to see her again and she looked
wonderful. I wanted to hug her, but we needed to start properly.

"Welcome back, Lisa.  Did you come on the terms I set out?"

"Yes, sir," she whispered, not looking at me but with her eyes downcast.

"What are they?"

"As your slave. Your complete and total slave."

You know I really like Lisa. But, there was something in me that wanted to take
her as far as possible in her submission. Why, you might ask, would a man who
has 3,000 women already programmed to be his slaves want an unprogrammed slave? 
Exactly for that reason.  She was unprogrammed.  I wanted to know how she would
react, how she would accept her submission when that submission must come from
something already within her and not something I gave her in a drink.

Mary handed me the new collar I had bought Lisa. It was wider and thicker than
the other one, more sturdy. While a casual observer might not notice the other
was a bondage collar, this was definitely noticeable. It had a lock in back and
a big O-ring in front.

"Turn your back to me and raise your hair, Lisa."

I could see the humiliation in her face, feel it flowing off her in waves like
an outgoing tide. Her face was begging me to save her this embarrassment.
Embarrassment? How would Andy have reacted if she were unprogrammed? What would
she have done when I took her naked and bound to the B&D party? How would she
have reacted on the streets of San Francisco when I dressed her as a hooker?
Would she have rebelled?

And, Mary.  Nothing seemed to bother Mary. Would she be embarrassed by anything?

I realized I wanted to embarrass Lisa.  I wanted to see her reactions, her face,
her body language, to tell me what an unprogrammed woman was like? But, could I
even get a fair reading from her? I do not think Lisa was typical of all women
in that respect. All women would not like to surrender to a man, a man to guide
and control them.  They would not want to show their love, their need, their
sexuality, their feminity, by submitting so openly.  Or, would they? Perhaps
down deep in their guts, somewhere in their psyche, would they?  Well, would
you?

I slipped the collar around her neck with the O-ring in front, fastened the
clasp and locked it with a padlock. I clicked it hard and she jumped when she
heard the hasp hitting home.

"Turn around, Lisa, and look me right in the eye."

She turned to face me. What a struggle was within her to look me in the eye.
Once, twice, three times she tried, only to look away. She was red as a beet.
Out of all the people scurrying about, all the movement, something caught my
eye.

He was there. Diablo. The devil dog. Sitting, watching me as I carried Lisa
through this humiliation. Strangely, no one else saw him, yet they knew he was
there and avoided the area in which he sat. I turned back to her, to my slave.

"Is this humiliating for you, Lisa?"

"Yes, sir," she sobbed.

"Are you enjoying it?"

What does enjoy mean? Do we enjoy a roller coaster as it makes our heart skip
beats?  Do we enjoy horror movies? Fast cars? Motorcycles? Do we enjoy fear? Do
we, sometimes, enjoy humiliation? Or, the fear of humiliation?

"Please, master," she whimpered.

"Answer me."

Her head popped up to stare, her eyes holding mine.  I could see her answer,
but, she said it.

"Yes, sir."

She held my gaze until I spoke again.  By then, people had noticed us.  They
pointed or looked or whispered.  Some kept walking, some stopped to watch. Some
were almost comical.  Their eyes would pass over us, then come back, realizing
something was happening.  Still walking, they would stare, then stop in
mid-stride, mouths open, before hurrying on again.

"Lisa, I have a leash for you. When you see one of us coming toward you with the
leash, you will stop.  You will put your hands behind you, grabbing one wrist
with the other hand.  You will arch your back slightly, turn your head to the
left and raise it so the leash can be attached."

"Please, no" she mouthed.

Mary moved to her.  I saw her hand on Lisa's arm, and her other gently rubbing
Lisa's back for reassurance.

Think about it. Could you be collared and leashed in a major airport in full
view of everyone and not be apprehensive? Standing there before how many unknown
eyes, docilely letting someone put a leather collar around your neck, raising
your hair for them to lock your collar in place?

Andy was standing on Lisa's other side now. Lisa found reassurance in them, I
guess, because she put her arms behind her back, arched, turned and raised just
as I had instructed. I attached the leash to her collar and gave it to Mary,
telling her to lead on.  I wanted to watch the reaction, so I walked a few paces
behind them.

As you know, beautiful women are observed any place they go. Here is the picture
for you. Mary, a beautiful and sexy blonde, was dressed in expensive black
winter-wool slacks which fit snugly and sexy in a classy way.  She wore a
bright, multicolor sweater on top which, although loose, shouted to the watcher
because of the way it fit her breasts. Andy, sexy, sweet Andy, wore skin tight
levis with boots and a ski skin, both fitting like a second skin.  Andy alone
would draw traffic.  Lisa, brunette, dark, very pretty, wore a navy suit with a
tasteful red stripe running diagonally from top to bottom. The suit was well
tailored and fit snugly. The skirt came to mid thigh. She had on hose and heels.

Lisa also wore a leather collar, to which a leash was attached.  Mary was
leading her by the leash through the airport. We got a lot of glances.  We got
stares, leers and several people who just came up and started talking.

We also garnered one city cop checking to see if Lisa needed any help, or at
least, that is what he said.  The city cop was a big, Irish looking guy about
late twenties who could hardly walk his pecker was so hard from my women. He
escorted us the rest of the way and make sure we got into our vehicle without a
problem. I gave him our telephone number and invited him to call.

I knew Lisa was going to be all right because she flirted with the cop as he
walked us out.  Lisa wanted the cop to notice her, to think she was attractive
and sexy but she was with her man, that is, she was with me. She did not want
her man to know that she was flirting with another man. But, oh, she wanted to
flirt.  All you girls know exactly how she acted. You guys probably know, too.

Mary took the drivers chair with Lisa and Mary in the backseat. As soon as the
door was shut, they started to giggle and talk like teenaged girl friends, which
is what they were. They did not even hear me tell Mary to drive to the tattoo
parlor.  But, they got very quiet when we pulled up out front.

We got the same guy who had pierced Lisa a few days ago. (My Lord, it seemed
like months so much had happened.)  He gave us a big grin remembering our visit.

"Man, who is this one?" he said, leering at Mary. She blushed like a school girl
and gave me a wild look which asked if she could flirt. I grinned back at her,
not giving her any signals about "going" or "stopping."  So, she stopped with a
sigh.  She was a kitten and had no choice, or, she had free will and made a
decision.  I wondered which it was.

"What can I do for you today?" he asked, his eyes never leaving Mary.

I turned to my three women. All three were watching me expectantly.

"Lisa, remove all your clothes."

I expected reluctance.  I got a shy smile as she began taking off her clothes. 
The attendant suggested we use topical anesthetic but I told him no.  Mary held
one leg down and Andy the other as I stood above her head and held her arms.

"All through," he announced later.

Lisa had been pierced.  A small brad resided through her tongue which I was
looking forward to feeling on my cock.  Each nipple had a small gold ring. And,
we had added another ring through her pussy, actually through her right labia at
the vestibule.  He gave us the cleaning and care instructions again as Lisa
dressed.

"Anyone else?"  the guy asked, eyeing Mary.

He was dying to get his hands on her, but that is not the reason I did it. I
planned it all along.

"Mary," I said.

She looked startled, then grinned, and began undressing. As always, Mary
undressing was a strip tease. Today, she seemed more invigorated than usual,
giving us a delicious performance as she slowly removed her clothes. I was hard
as a rock.  Andy and Lisa were tying hard not to quiver.  And, the attendant
moaned once.

Slowly, while giving us a sensual smile, Mary lay back and gracefully put her
arms over her head. I leaned over and kissed her, then whispered in her ear.

"Where do you want them?"

"Wherever it pleases you," she said, sex dripping from her voice.

"How about exercising your free will and deciding for yourself."

"I did exercise my free will, Davy.  I want to do what pleases you."

I kissed her again before turning to the attendant and giving him instructions.

"You don't need to hold me down," Mary said.

We watched as he put gold rings through each nipple and her clit hood.  I was
afraid he was going to drool on her, but his hands were steady and he did a good
job.

We grabbed a quick dinner at a medium priced restaurant and were back on the
road. Mary was driving with Lisa riding shotgun beside her. Andy was in the back
seat with me.  She was in a blue mood again.

"See," she whispered. "You did not get me pierced."

"I have other plans for you.  Special plans."  She pulled away when I reached
for her.

"Do you know how it hurts me when you do not trust me to do my best for you?" I
asked.

"Oh, Davy," she whispered as she kissed me.  We started to cuddle again. This
time it was dark and Mary did not say a word when we crawled into the back of
the Suburban. I mean, it had been four hours since we fucked and we were both
horny.


To be continued . . .

Please!  Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com






MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 34 (MC, MF+)

Answers?

Mary drove the Suburban up the driveway as Andy and I were finishing dressing in
the back. Andy was her old, sweet, happy, self again, although I was unsure
whether two long hard fucks in four hours or all my patient loving and talking
did the trick.  We unloaded Lisa's things and the new bondage gear we bought at
the boutique.  I slipped down to the dungeon to check on Cathy.  She was lonely
and depressed, but still passive and understanding of why her brother had
imprisoned her.

It was almost nine but I still had work to do. I told Lisa to get ready for bed,
telling her she could sleep in whatever she wanted and she would be sleeping in
the back bedroom tonight. I removed her collar. She scurried through a bath,
returning dressed in a flannel nightgown that covered her from neck to toe, with
her collar in hand. Her eyes beamed up at me as I refastened it around her neck.

By then, Mary and Andy were naked and waiting.

"Lisa, I want you to braid their hair."

"Any particular way."

"Yes. Together."

Lisa had no idea of what I meant until I showed her. Mary and Andy sat back to
back. Lisa pulled their hair into two strands, braiding Mary's left strand to
Andy's right and vice versa.

"Why in the world did you do that?" she asked, as she stood back to admire her
handiwork.

"Come on, Lisa. Bedtime."

I led her to the back bedroom, chained her collar to the headboard and kissed
her goodnight, telling her I was glad she was back.  Of course, you know why I
had her braid their hair together.

"Kittens sweet, bound as one by woven fur."

These kittens did not have fur. They had hair.  I hoped braided was as good as
woven.  If Uncle Bert meant pubic hair, I was in trouble because I made Andy
keep her mound clean shaven. He couldn't have meant brading their pubic hair and
tying them together that way. Could he?

I knew the rhyme he wanted. Many years ago, he and I were in southern California
on the way back to Colorado for the summer.  We stopped at a small town which
was having a festival, like a county fair. It was a lovely, bright day, with
clear skies.  As I thought back to that day, they suddenly popped into my mind.

I was fifteen that year and was looking forward to being with Uncle Bert more
than I ever had.   Remember, it was my fourteenth summer when he got me laid for
the first time, with the three Stevens' girls, Sandy, the mother and her
daughters Sandy and Sara.  I lost my virginity to Sara that summer, but before
the first three days was over I had all three Stevens all three ways, which for
a fourteen-year-old, is heaven.

Over the school year in LA with my parents, I had gotten laid only once and only
then because Darla Davidson was a slut in the making.  She had just discovered
the joys of sex and was fucking anything in pants.

So, this summer, I really expected to do some great things. Uncle Bert had seen
the sign for the festival and pulled off the interstate, headed down a road in
the directions the signs pointed.

"I'm horny, Davy. Let's see if we can stir up some good farm women," he said

"Yeah, Uncle Bert.  That sounds great!"  What would any teenaged boy have said?

My teenaged pecker was standing at attention as we drove into a field, parked
the car and walked towards the festivities. We wandered around, looking at
machine and livestock displays, playing some arcade games and always looking for
women. The food was excellent from the booths, but expensive. Uncle Bert said
the high prices were for charity and he did not mind. I had no idea at the time
he was so rich.

I got tired of looking for women or anything else.  The sun was brutal.
Everybody was sweating but the desert air dried you quickly enough.  I drank
everything I could find to keep hydrated. But, the desert was draining me. Uncle
Bert would not let me give up.

"Look, Davy, you got to put some effort into it. You think a good fuck just
falls off the trees. Women need to be found and courted."

Courted?  He meant drugged, I suspect.

Shortly before nightfall, I was back in the livestock area walking around when I
saw her.  She was almost as tall as I was, which is unusual for a teenaged girl. 
I was already pushing six feet.  She was mucking out a pen with a big rake. She
wore jeans and a western shirt with a straw cowboy hat on her head, one, long,
braid of coal black hair down her back. She was a long and lean girl.  She had a
beautiful ass, one of those high, firm, teenaged-girl asses which seems so adult
in comparison to the rest of their bodies that it out of proportion.

When she turned around and saw me for the first time, her huge black eyes bored
into me. Then, a shy, sexy smile crossed her face before she looked away,
returning to her raking.  I slowly walked to where she was.  I realize now she
started raking an area that had been raked before so she could be by the fence
and more available if I wanted to talk, which I did.

It was there Uncle Bert found me.  He had struck out but he was happy to see I
had found someone, even if a fence was between us.

Her name was Melody.  As luck would have it, she had a mother, an older sister
and a father,  except the father was up in Sacramento looking at cattle to buy
and he had taken Melody's older sister with him. Uncle Bert sent me for drinks
since Melody was thirsty. But, when I returned, he took if from me to give to
her and then sent me, to my great chagrin, on another errand.  When I got back,
the mother was there. Shortly, the mother went ahead in their car. It took about
ten minutes for Melody to finish her work, then we left, too. She rode with us
to show us the way.

They lived in a nice, three bedroom home on a dairy farm. When we arrived,
Melody's mother was sitting in the porch swing, enjoying the now cool desert
night. Her hair was wet and she looked freshly bathed. She stood as we walked up
the four steps to the porch and took Uncle Bert's hand. I remember she looked
flushed and happy.

"You kids stay outside for a while.  Mr. Wilson and I have some business to
discuss," she said, leading him into the house.

Without saying anything, Melody took my hand and led me off the porch towards
the hay barn. My two strongest memories are of her smell and the strength of her
hand.  She smelled sweaty, but it was not an unpleasant smell. In fact, I liked
it. It was a sweat plus perfume plus girl smell that to this day makes me horny.

"Follow me," she said softly. She had a little girl voice but a big girl's body. 
She led me up a straight ladder into the loft. My eyes never left her swaying
ass as I climbed behind her. In the darkness, she slowly found her way to the
end of the loft and opened a swinging door.  Moonlight flushed in, brightening
the little world there. Now, I could see in the shadows.

"Over here, Davy."

She walked to a spot and gracefully sat.  There was a blanket and a pillow. She
showed me the flashlight and books laying nearby, saying she came out here to
read and for peace and quiet. We sat and talked for a while.  She was my age but
our lives were so different, mine urban, hers rural,  we had many things to
learn about the other. We had been talking about nothing special when she said,

"You have beautiful eyes."

She leaned forward and gently kissed each of my eyes. Quickly, before I could
respond, she turned, putting her back to me.

"Davy, would you please take down my hair?"

The moonlight was shining through the open loft door.  You could hear the night
creatures starting their songs. I touched her long black braids and began
removing the pins. Talk almost ceased between us, just a few words, an
occasional "ouch" when I tugged too hard.  Hair undone now, I ran my fingers
through it, separating the individual hairs, letting it flow around her. Her
hair was thick, almost coarse, it was so heavy yet so soft.

She turned around and gently lay back on the blanket, eyes so big and welcoming.

"Davy?  Davy!"

Mary interrupted my memories and just when I was getting to the best part,
although I think the part I told you is often what makes the best part best. You
can fill in the rest.  Just do it very slowly until the insertion part, when you
go out of control and start squealing like pigs because that is what Melody and
I did. And, do it three t�mes before you call it quits for the night.

"What do you want us to do?"

"Stand up first."

It was awkward as they stood together. The braiding left some room for
maneuvering but not much. With a ouch and a grumble, they managed to stand. It
was the first time I ever had them stand like that, back to back, naked. I
walked around to admire my four-footed, four-breasted kitten.

A vision flashed through my mind. I would bind them, ankle to ankle, arm to arm,
then I would.  I would what?  I could play with them but they would difficult to
fuck tied like that. Still.  I observed them, putting together all possible
combinations of me with them bound back to back. Mary knew what I was thinking.
I could tell be her smile.

I took a breast in his each hand, Mary's left, Andy's right, feeling the
differences between them. Of course, the most obvious difference was the ring
through Mary's nipple. But, there were so many subtle differences which are hard
to describe.  Try it. Just get two girls to strip and stand back to back. You
will see the difference for yourself.

Then, I got back to work.  I had them lie on the bed with their heads almost
touching.  Mary was fully on the bed but Andy was at the edge, with her ass
hanging off and her legs on the floor. I had them entwine their fingers,
interlace them and hold tightly. Andy's eyes were aglow as I slipped in her.

"Quiet, little kitten," I whispered.

At that festival where I met Melody, one of the exhibits was a big Holstein
dairy cow which the local FFA was raffling to raise money for their
organization. As an attraction, they had painted it purple. I asked Uncle Bert
about it and he told me the poem, written years ago. The poem caught the public
fancy and "purple cow" moved into our lexicon.

"I never saw a purple cow, I never hope to see one. But, if I had my druthers
now, I would rather see than be one."

That was the cow's own rhyme.

Andy's legs were wrapped around me, her breasts moving with each stroke I made
in her, her hands gripping her mother's tightly. She was mewing, little kitten
sounds so delightful to me. The mewing got a little louder.  I felt her legs
tighten as her back arched and she came.  She started purring.

I recited the poem and Mary began to talk.  She gave me information concerning a
chemical developed in Germany to replace one of the two rare ingredients I had
leaned about previously and another chemical which she said was a catalyst.

I felt I was so close to the formula.

The two kittens visited on the bed as I undid their braided hair.  Neither asked
why I put them through the strange contortions I had, as though anything I did
was normal.  Andy fell asleep before I finished.  It was very touching to see
the way Mary looked at her and stroked her face.  I lifted Andy up while Mary
pulled back the bedcovers, then lay her down and covered her over.

Mary and I went into the living room, made a drink and sat before the fire.

"How close are you to the formula?" she asked.

"I think close. But, I need to get one more piece, from someone called The
Hermit.  Do you know who that is?"

"Yes. I can take you to him."

She lay back on the sheepskin rug, her hair spread around her.  The firelight
made her gold nipple rings glimmer. She was very soft and appealing. Then, I saw
that look again, the one I believed told me she was reading my mind.

"Something wrong?"

"What is going to happen to us? To Andy and me?  Will you leave us after you
find the formula?  Will we ever see you again?  Will we stay with you forever?"

"Are you asking as a mother or for yourself?"

"Both, for myself mostly.  You love Andy more than you realize. She will be
fine."

"You will be fine, too.  I love you, too and I have plans for you."

"Oh, like what?"

"Like, I want you to throw away your birth control pills."

For an instant, she was stunned, staring at me wide eyed. Then, she smiled
sexily.

"Bert left that in my free will area.  I am programmed to do as I wish about
bearing children."

"I am not Bert. I want you to bear my child and I want to start tonight."

"Will I always be with you?  I do not mean as your wife, I mean as one of the
kittens you keep full time, living in your house, sharing your world.  I only
ask because I think the child should have a father figure, particularly if the
child is a boy."

These were heady discussions. Where was I going?  What did I think the future
would bring?

I knew exactly what I was going with Cathy as soon as I programmed her.  I will
save that for later.  And, I knew what I had planned for Lisa.  I already told
you that.  I had decided about Andy. And, while I have not told you that, you
have figured it out.

What I had not decided was all the other kittens, all 3,000 of them and how they
fit in.  I had not decided if I wanted to add more to make it 4,000 or 5,000 as
I am sure Uncle Bert would have done if he had lived long enough. Or, did I want
to keep just those I had and no others?  Or, did I wish to add more to the
kindle, say having ten or twelve around full time as Mary and Andy were.

Honestly, was I man enough to keep ten or twelve women satisfied?  Andy needed a
lot of attention. By that, I mean she loved to fuck. Mary had already told me
she w anted more.  She also said she liked B&D and wanted me to bind her.  I had
not done it yet, although it was certainly planned. And, Lisa.  Fortunately,
Lisa was less demanding but as I took her deeper into her submission, where
would her needs end?

Why did I care about their needs?  I had the power.  I was the male even if I
did not have the power Uncle Bert left me.  How concerned should I be? They all
seemed to be very happy with me.

In the shadows, always in the shadows, was the devil dog.  Diablo.  Like
tonight, when I had Mary and Andy naked and braided together.  I wanted to bind
them, squeeze and tantalize them until they both begged me to stop. I was
looking forward to breaking Lisa, to taking her to the depths of submission.
Would even more needs to exercise my power surface after I found the formula?
Could I control those needs?  Or, as Uncle Bert had warned me, would the power
corrupt me?  Make me evil and out of control?

Yes, it was a heady discussion.


To be continued . . .

Please!  Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com






MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 35 (MC)

A Wild Night

Mary lay under me, her hands still stroking and caressing me gently. She was
waiting on me to answer her question. Would I be a father, not just a seed
contributor, to a child if she bore it for me? She had that look again. Was she
in my mind, reading it? If she could read my mind, why did she ask questions
like that?

"Can you read my mind?"

"No," she said but the way she said it. She smiled as if she had a secret. "Of
course, I could be lying because I have free will to lie, or I could be
programmed by Bert to lie to you about this. Or, I might have told the truth. 
Hard to tell, isn't it?"

"Did Uncle Bert program you to read minds? Or, did you have it naturally?"

"I have not said I can read minds, Davy. Why don't you lie here with me?"

"I can reprogram you when I have the chemical."

"I know you can reprogram me.  I cannot steal the formula from you and I cannot
reprogram you. I have been programmed to never hurt you. So, you have me there."

"Or, you could be lying now."

"No. Or, was that 'no' a lie."  She laughed.  "A riddle with no solution, a
puzzle with no end. What is it, Davy?  How do you decide?"

An evil thought crossed my mind and it frightened me.  Why did I think that?
Anger? Frustration? Or, that damn devil dog again?  Whichever, I was chilled by
it and shivered, shaking it off.

"No.  You have been programmed not to do that.  You might hurt me, and I suspect
you will. Some of that hurt I will welcome because of the pleasure which will
follow. But, you cannot kill me."

"You read my mind."

"Or, I read you face and guessed.  I am a good guesser."

"I would never . . . "

"I know.  I never worry about that.  And, I would never hurt you, whether I was
programmed or not."

She wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled me down to kiss me long and sweet
and hot. When I sat back again, she had a loving, tender smile.

"So, the question is, am I part of your life? Can I be secure in the knowledge
you are there for me and for our child?"

Security?  What is it? Money in the bank? Health? Belief in a benevolent
creator?  A chemical which enslaves?  All the surveys done show the main thing
women want in a marriage or in a nonmarriage relationship is security.  That
does not mean money. Like Mary said, it means is their partner there for them?
Do they have someone to rely on? Can they wake up each and every morning for the
rest of their lives and know their partner will be there that day, all day, for
them?

Why wasn't I saying it? Men say it all the time, too often insincerely in the
hopes of sex.  Why didn't I say "I will be there for you?"  Six little words, or
three words if you condense it into "I love you." They mean the same thing most
of the time. Emotional security. Why?

I knew I was there for her.  Something deep in me knew she would be with me the
rest of my life. And, if she chose to leave, I would fight her leaving with all
my power.  Why did I not want to say it then?  Was it wanting to exercise power
over her? Wanting her to surrender, to kneel passively by me, dependent on my
generosity and love for her?  Was it a fear of commitment? Perhaps something in
the very essence of my maleness, a fear by me of being trapped, of surrendering
freedom and control?

And, there was something else working. It was the power. I looked up and he was
there again.  Diablo. He was lying down with his heads on his forepaws watching
me, watching us.  He raised his head and smiled again, that dirty dog smile. He
knew what was going on in my head.

But, why the power?  What did I really want?  What did I need?

The emotions in me were so conflicting, I was reeling.

I wanted to fuck her.  I wanted to fuck all of them, every damn one, all three
thousand.  Line them up! On their backs! Now, start!  Fuck every one of them
whether she wanted it or not! Fuck them hard and fast! Make them pregnant!

What?  Three thousand children?  Thirty-six thousand dirty diapers a day. The
volume of baby poop would be overwhelming.

Sanity? Conscience? Human feelings?  Whatever, I felt the rush of adrenaline
recede, like a tide, for the moment rushing out, and reason reappear like the
sand of the beach as the water flows away. I took a deep breath and another. 
Migod.

Diablo was watching me still. I saw a flicker in his eyes, a tiny, red flicker
like the ember of a fire ready to burst into flame. Mary was watching me
intently as she did in times like these.

"Need a drink?" she asked, scrambling to her feet.  I watched her delicious ass
sway as she walked away. She knew I was watching so every twitch of each
wonderful muscle was choreographed to arouse that enate need in me to fuck her.
Why now was she being so sexy with me?

She brought me my drink and went into the bedroom.  She was back in an instant
with a small clear plastic box in her hand, which she gave to me.

"My birth control pills.  I promise not to replace them."

Her decision was made.  She would bear me a child.  And, that decision pushed
the tide back further.  She lay down by me again, this beautiful woman I did not
begin to understand, putting her legs around me so I was between them. What
could be more of an invitation?  So, what was that funny smile on her face?

She opened my fist with hers and plucked the birth control pill box from my
hand, wrapping in tight in one fist. She put both her hands over her head, away
from me.

"On second thought, if you really want them, you will have to take them away
from me."

We rolled on the floor in our loving wrestling, straining and grunting against
one another as our bodies slide on a sea of our sweat, feeling the other's body,
gaining stimulation and arousal. Mary was strong, her body kept in excellent
condition, but she was no match for me. We both knew that when she started this
game.

I had no desire to defeat her quickly or to end by giving her an order which she
must obey.  I was enjoying the wrestling as she was, enjoying the feel of her
against me, her muscles and her skin, hearing her breathing quicken from her
ardor, smelling her smell, seeing the life in her teasing face.

Suddenly, I was on fire!

My brain was seething with the need to break her, to bring her under my control.

But, she was under my control, a control from programming, a control from her
own willing surrender demonstrated just minutes before by the gift of her pill
box, the gift of her womb to grow my child.

I seized her by hair in one hand and pussy in the other to force her towards the
dungeon in the basement, shoving her in ingloriously.

Cathy, awakened by our noisy arrival and chained to the wall, sat up.  Her eyes
were frightened as she scurried to plaster herself against the wall, pulling her
chain tight, to withdraw from me as far as possible.

Mary's eyes were wild, glistening, beaming, showing her sexual readiness. She
showed no fear, standing passively, allowing me to do as I wished to her. I
could feel the twitch of her muscles, the slight catch in her breath as I began
to restraint her. Could she not read my mind? Not feel my anger? No, not anger.
Need! A sexual need. Or, was it?

Go slowly! Control yourself! Patience!

Cross her wrists in front of her.  Bind them together with a thick, soft white
rope.  Wrap each wrist  five times individually before the joining takes place.
Her expression was calm as she watched me bind her.

Slowly. Slowly. Have I said that? Let the tension build in her.  This is for her
as well as me.

Another rope now. Circle the most narrow part of her torso with another rope
four times.  Slowly. Tie a thick knot immediately to the right of her spine.

Lubricate the butt plug. Insert it.  That's it. The vibrator, lathered in jelly. 
Up her pussy. Twist slightly.  All the way in.

She was starting to squirm now, not in pain, in need.  She wanted this.  She
wanted to be bound, to be fucked. Her eyes got that "fuck me now" look as I
twisted and turned the vibrator to seat it in her pussy. She was enjoying this.
She licked her lips as I continued.

Tie her legs together at the knee with another rope.

She looked at me, wondering what else I had planned, her anticipation in her
bondage and her sexual desire evident.

Bound wrists up over her head and down behind her neck, elbows pointing up at
the ceiling.  Pull the rope down the middle of her back, run it through the rope
around her waist and let in fall. Arch her back. Pull down on the rope so her
elbows are pulled back further.  Tighten the arch.  Stretch her. Now, push the
rope between her legs. Pull it tight.

The rope slide between the cheeks of her ass, making her squeal a bit as it
scrubbed her tender flesh.

Yank hard upwards to seat the rope. Stick it under the rope in her waist. Pull
it to rub her ringed pussy and hold the vibrator deep within her.  Push the rope
back between her thighs and behind her, through her legs below her knees.  Pull.
Slowly.  Let her kneel without falling. Bring her knees to her waist. Tie the
rope securely. Turn on the vibrator. Breathe.  Wait.

Why might you ask? Why bind this kitten in such an awkward position?  With her
thighs up and her back arched, orgasm would be very difficult if not impossible. 
Yet, the vibrator buried deep in her and the pressure of the ropes and the
tension they caused would build her sexual need even further. Add an occasional
flick on her clit or twist of a nipple to keep her on the edge.

"You bastard," she whispered as she realized the effect of what I had done was
going to be, but it was said with desire and, yes, with love.

Did I bind her like that with love?  With lust?  With . . . ?

I looked at Cathy and pointed my finger at her.

"On your back, bitch!"

With a wild, sexy grin, she scooted down to lay on her back, legs tightly
together.  She raised her head to look at me.

Get more rope.  Tie up Cathy. Slowly now.  Left arm up, out, spread, tied to the
ladder.  Now, right arm. Don't get the rope too tight.  Legs?  Right leg, rope
on ankle, secure. Now, tie her leg to the ladder. Left leg, same thing. Now. No.
Adjust the tension, get the spread right.

Her face was shining. Need? Sexual need?

"Now, you will ready when I want you," I said, looking down at her as she lay
tied, open and available.

"Yes, Davy," she whispered.  There was no fear in that voice.

Mary groaned.  Her eyes rolled back in her head for an instant. She was moving
as much as the bondage would allow, moving to relieve the stress on her aching
muscles and tendons, but even more, moving to generate the orgasm she
desperately needed. She was enjoying this.

Was I?

"Don't you want to ask me to let you cum?" I asked as I twisted the ring in her
nipple.

Her face contorted until I released the ring. She gasped,  "Why? Would you do
it?"

"No."

She smiled at me and brought her head forward to be kissed.  I pulled her to me,
hand behind her neck, as I raped her mouth with mine.

Patience, Davy. Patience, but with care for her, with desire for her to have
pleasure.

He was in the dungeon now, roaming, the ember in his eye still glowing.  He
stopped by Mary.  Slowly, his nose twitched.  The twitching intensified and he
followed the smell, his huge black nose sniffing down Mary.  Lower.  His nose
was at her bush, her long blonde bush. He sniffed, taking in those odors from
her dripping pussy.

"Please, Davy," Mary whispered.  It was a begging, pleading tone as she asked me
to let her cum.  I turned the vibrator to high.

Her juices coated her thighs, her sweat, her pussy juices, flowing freely. Her
skin was turning a reddish color. I saw her back spasm, telling me she was near
the end of her endurance.

Slowly.  Slowly.  Do not undo her too soon. Let it build right to the edge, to
the edge where pleasure and pain mix. Maximize her pleasure.  Her pain.  And,
for me?

What is in it for me?

"Now, Davy, now. Please, let me cum. Let me, Davy. I cannot stand any more!"

Quickly release her. She is squirming on the floor, every muscle, every fiber
screaming from the binding, from the need. Grab her legs. Slam into her.

Oh, yes! YES! Oh God, that feels good!  So wet! So hot! So tight!

Her pussy locked around my cock, her muscles in spasm.  No release.  She planted
both feet firmly on the ground and arched, lifting me off the floor and trapped
inside her.

"DAVY."

So good! Pound away. Yes. My balls hurt.  They throb. Damn, they ache!
Programmed not to shoot.

Feel her. Feel Mary under me, her heat, orgasm, orgasm, orgasm.  What a laugh, a
wonderful, sexual, satisfied laugh she has. Yes, Mary rest.

Where is Diablo? There that dog is! Between Cathy's legs.  Fucking her.  His
doggy prick fucking my woman.  Bullshit!

Throw him off! Now, it's me. She is spread so wide, so invitingly. Cock lubed
with Mary's juices.  Sliding in. Yes!

"Oh, Davy, Davy. It had been too long. Fuck me, please," she murmurs.

So delightful. She is talking. In my ear. Sweet nothings.

"Yes. Oh, yes. So good, Davy. God, oh, I, oh, yes, love it."

Feel her cum, feel her tighten.  Balls, hurt worse.

Lisa.

I was a madman as I charged to Lisa's room. She was sound asleep, on her side
curled in a little ball, pretty neck chained to the bed. Juices from Mary and
Cathy coated my cock.

Roll her over.  On her back.  Slap! Slap! rings as I swat her thighs with the
flat of my hand. Squealing, she pushes me away but I am between her legs.

"Davy, oh god, Davy," said in lust as she awakens. At the gate. Push. Her knees
to her breasts, pinned under my arms, pin her wrists by her head. Fuck her. 
Fuck her.

"Fuck me, Davy. Oh, God, fuck me, fuck me. Harder. Harder."

Gasping now, tying to straighten her legs, trying.  Fuck her. Legs free. Feet
planted. Arch. Arch. Balls, on my balls.

"What?" Andy said, rasing her arms defensively.

Slam into her! Fuck her. Harder. Pressure so great. Too much.

"Fuck me, you stud! Fuck the shit out of me! Oh, goddamn, yes. Please! Yes!
More! More! Harder, damn you! Harder! More! Oh, God, oh God! YESSS!"

Stop! Buried all the way! Let it go, let it go, let it go.

I heard a giggle and the patter of naked feet on the floor.  I turned over and
the sun, shining brightly through the now open curtains, blazed in my face. I
turned back and opened my eyes. There, kneeling on the floor were three naked
women, one with a locked collar around her neck and all with bright, happy eyes.

"Good morning, Davy. Here is your coffee," Andy said handing me a mug.

"Breakfast will be ready in ten minutes," Lisa said.

"Is there anything else we can do for you, Davy?" Mary asked.

"Mumwah."

"May I have permission to go finish preparing breakfast?"

I nodded.

"If you will excuse me, I need to help," Andy chimed. She kissed me hungrily.
"You were hot last night.  What got into you?" She laughed as she ran out the
door.

Mary slipped up on the bed beside me.

"Well, you have four very happy women this morning.  Four very well fucked,
happy, women.  Cathy sends her best. She asked me to tell you how much she
enjoyed it. She would tell you herself but she is, um, still tied up."

"Are you all right?"

"Of course.  Oh, Davy, I loved it. We all did.  There was more passion last
night then I have felt in a long time.  What did get into you?"


To be continued . . .

Please!  Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com





MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 36 (MC, Dream Fantasy)

Dreaming

Mary was smiling at me brightly as she sat on the edge of the bed watching me
sip my coffee.  Slowly, her expression dimmed. First her eyes changed, with the
light diminishing like someone inching down the dimmer on a ceiling chandelier.
Then, some slight change in the musculature around the lips as if trying to hold
the smile in place but losing the enthusiasm for it, making it fake.  Finally,
the loss of the smile altogether, the shifting of the shoulders, tilt of the
head, the little indications she felt rebuffed. She pulled her hand away from me
and looked away for a moment before her eyes returned to me again with a
question in them.

"What's wrong?"

I still could not decide if Mary could read my mind.  If she could, whether
through some natural skill or a talent imparted by Uncle Bert's programming was
not relevant now. The question was, if she could do it, what would she see?  I
do not mean the cerebrum, the frontal part where my conscious thoughts reside. 
I mean somewhere in the back, buried amid the clutter, in a dark and dank corner
beneath smelly old secrets even I have long forgotten.  Back where the devil dog
lived.

Her hand moved tentatively towards me again, the tips resting on my thigh, light
and still.

"We need to go see the Hermit. Can you call to see if he is there?" I asked.

"Yes. He has a phone if he decides to answer it.  It is a long trip, over a
thousand miles and we will need four wheel drive to get to him."

She waited expectantly, wanting me to carry the thread of our conversation. I
was silent, watching her.

"That is not the problem, is it?  You are wrestling with something else."

"Breakfast you two," Andy called out.

"I want to eat in bed this morning."

"Yes, sir."

It was said without rancor as she patted my leg, rose and left.  I straightened
the covers and stared out at the bright sunshine of the day. In a few minutes,
Andy came in with a tray and sat it across my lap.

"Does his majesty want company?" she asked, her voice light and teasing.

"No."

She pulled back, looking as if I had slapped her.   She was embarrassed, wearing
a little, frightened expression, accented by her left hand closed into a fist
above her right breast, her wrist bent slightly angling the fist to her, as she
does every time she fears she had disappointed or angered me.

"I'm sorry, Davy," she murmured. "I meant no harm."

"I want to be alone."

"Certainly.  Call if you need anything."

Shutting the door silently behind her, she left me with a plate of eggs, ham,
toast, jam, a slice of cantaloupe and two pints of orange juice. Sullenly, I
begin to eat.  As I ate, I thought.

I have not related to you the time I have spent working on the formula, the
hours studying Uncle Bert's notebooks, or the over a hundred thousand dollars I
had spent on supplies and chemicals. Why relate all of that wasted time and
money? I was unsuccessful and it was very frustrating.  Once, I thought I had
it. But, I was wrong.

That is not the issue, however.

You and I know the real issue, don't we?

We know why I was a madman yesterday, why my good cheer and happy nature has
deteriorated to the point of disappearing, why I barked at those darling women
this morning.

The power.  The goddamned power.

Uncle Bert may have been happy programming sex slaves left and right, fucking
every thing he wished. He did not know of Cathy and how she used the power. He
did not know she could influence men's thoughts by focusing on them or by
focusing on the thought she wished them to have. Cathy's ability alone
demonstrated what tremendous power the formula would bring.

You could walk into a room, find the sexiest member of the opposite sex and
focus. Their attention would turn to you. Their sexual need would explode, their
desire for you so great they would do anything. Do you wish to have them strip
naked and crawl, begging to eat you? Think it! Do you wish for them to shove
aside others, fighting to be your love slave? Think it!

And, it is not just sex. Set yourself up as a charity, some seemingly worthy
cause. Walk into the millionaires club with a bushel basket.  Leave with it full
of checks.  They would sell their spouses and children to give their money to
you. Wealth accumulation would only be limited by the number of people you could
meet and the time necessary to have property transferred to you.

And, the power.  Do you wish to have a law passed, say something personal like
all women you meet must show you their pussies or all men bow and kiss your
feet?  Work through our delightful Congress.  Go into the Congressional gallery
and think.  Just think.  Soon, the bill is passed and on the way to the
President, who will sign it because he is already under your control. Then, it
is law.  Your law. And, the government must enforce it. When you control them
who make the laws, you control the law and the government.

Imagine fifty or 100 or 500 people working in coordinated effort around the
globe with the power to walk into a room and alter the thoughts of the
occupants, to take over any government by this control.

What if the power could used over television? My God, the implications.

And, Mary's power, if she could read minds. To be able to walk into a room and
know what the others thought.  Scan the audience at a world premiere where all
the beautiful stars are in attendance.  Ah, there is a tasty morsel secretly
wishing to be butt fucked. One over there wanting to be publically stripped and
humiliated.  She would never tell a soul her deepest and darkest secrets, not
even her wonderful and faithful lover.  But, you would know.  Make your
approach. Success!

Combine the two.  Then, you walk in a room, know who is friend and who is foe. 
Reward the friend by giving him control over the newly reprogrammed foe.

World domination.

Uncle Bert had no idea of the power he was leaving me. None. But, he knew
unbridled power was evil.  He said that in the messages he sent me. And, he was
right.

Was I strong enough to resist?  Would you be?

The fullness of my stomach, the heat building in the room from the sun beaming
through the open curtains and my own tired state must have caused me to doze
off.  I was dreaming again.

I dreamed I was in the living room of the ranch house at Glenwood Springs,
sitting in my easy chair. Instead of using my foot rest, my feet were propped up
on the back of Cathy, who was naked and on all fours with her pregnant belly
hanging down below her. She was not moving. Mary was naked and kneeling at my
left, Andy at my right. Mary's belly was bloated in pregnancy, probably nine
months. Andy was pregnant, too, although less far along.

They all had heavy collars around their necks.  The collars were at least an
inch thick and wide enough to hold their head in a fixed position, like a
posture collar, with the leather coming under the chin for control. They had
thick leather collars on their wrists and ankles, too.  They neither spoke nor
moved.

A woman brought me a drink on a golden tray. She was naked and I first saw her
bloated stomach heavy with child. She, too, wore leathers. When I looked up at
her face, it was last month's Playmate.  As I looked around the living room, I
saw the whole house was full of pregnant women in leathers. All their faces had
the same dead expression, as if they were zombies or robots, programmed for a
master's needs.  From the state of their bellies, I surmised the master felt a
strong need to reproduce himself.

When I looked back at the couch, he was sitting there, as a human would, his
hind paws crossed,  holding a golden chalice in one paw and a cigar in the
other.

"I was proud of you yesterday. You are finally beginning to realize what this
power is all about.   Who did you think was the best fuck?"

It was the second time he had spoken directly to me, the first when he referred
to Cathy as a bitch. As I glanced around the room again, all the women had
disappeared except my four: Andy, Mary, Lisa and Cathy. The four of them were on
their backs in front of me, legs raised and spread, facing me so I was looking
at their open and available pussies: Mary with her long, thick blonde hair and
ring through her clit hood; Andy shaven;  Lisa's coarse black hair trimmed
neatly, with rings through her hood and vestibule; and, Cathy's bush like
mangrove roots, a snarled mess of brown. All four pussies were bloated in need,
wet, their own juices and a rich, white cum oozing from them showing they were
all freshly fucked.

Eight raised legs, like some giant, dead, four-headed, four-pussied spider.

"Cathy has the best smelling pussy.  More pheronomes.  Smells like."  He
laughed, which sounded like a combination of a low growl and a repressed cough. 
"Smells like a bitch in heat.  We dogs get off on smells more than you humans
do. Too bad you lost the ability. It is wonderful to smell as intently as I do.
I know this bitch, my species, not yours, when she raises her tail, my, my, I
can smell her a hundred miles away."

He threw back his head in laughter, then drained his drink.  He puffed on the
cigar, heavy gray smoke filling the room.

"And, taste.  Didn't they all taste divine? I love eating a pussy, don't you? 
Feeling the texture, the wetness, the slimy love juice on my tongue. They loved
it, too, all four of them."

The twins appeared filling our chalices before skipping away again. They, too,
were obviously pregnant and encased in leathers. The four at my feet had not
moved or made a sound.

"You know, you should buy them a dog, perhaps a Lab or a German Shepard.  A big
dog for them to fuck.  Perhaps, two or three dogs, maybe a donkey.  They are
horny cunts, these bitches of yours."

"They are happy with what they get."

" Oh, come now.  Why don't you ask them? Ask them if they would like to fuck
someone else, or better still, fuck a dog. They would like anything that has a
hard cock to shove up their cunts."

"I thought you fucked them?  You are a dog."

"Oh, I did and I enjoyed it.  So did they, but they told you that, didn't they? 
They thought I was you. Only you can see me, remember?  Yes, they enjoyed this
dog fucking them.  That is why I know you need to get them a real dog."

Mary rolled over on all fours then.  She was facing me. Her tongue was long and
thick, like a dog's tongue, hanging out as she panted.  She backed up towards
Diablo, wiggling her ass and whimpering, like a bitch in heat, raising her ass,
making her pussy available to the dog.  He stroked her ass, then stuck his huge
doggy paw up her pussy. Immediately, she orgasmed and fell to the floor,
writhing in sexual throes. A huge load of runny white liquid ran from her.

"Now, that is an ass and a pussy to die for.  Almost as good as her daughter. 
Better than your sister or the other one."

"You know their names, use them."

"Why? They are just empty cunts, women to fuck when you wish.  They exist to
serve you and there are millions like them. Like yesterday. Did you care who
they were yesterday when you were fucking them?"

"I cared, you furry cocksucker!"

"That is one thing I don't do.  If you cared, why didn't you enjoy them?"

"I enjoyed them," I replied.

"Yes, you enjoyed fucking them until you were finished with them. You enjoying
releasing the pressure in your scrotum when you wished."

"No, I enjoyed them as women, as human beings."

"Well, if you did, describe fucking Andy to me."

"What has that got to do with anything?"

"If you enjoyed her as a woman, you will remember, just as she will remember
you. Oh, you might, in the blinding heat of orgasm, not remember some subtle
movements, but to that point in your dance, you should.  Understand, you are
correct in not remembering.  They are just cunts for you to use without memory
or regard.  Fuck as many as you can.  Put a list together like your Uncle Bert
did."

"Uncle Bert loved women."

"He loved taking women, controlling women.  He loved the power.  He understood. 
And, the women love it.  They love being taken as they were, roughly, without
emotional attachment, used and discarded.  They are all just sluts at heart.
Common sluts. Free whores. Unlike, what's her name, Rebecca. She was an
extraordinary woman.  What did she cost? Four thousand for the night?  And, you
can get them for free.  With the formula, you can have even her for free."

Rebecca appeared at my side when she heard her name.

"I have a message, master.  The United Nations wants permission to end the
plague in Brazil."

"All right. Tell them to go ahead."

"And, the President, master.  He desperately needs to speak to you."

"Tell him I will call if I have time.  Leave me!"  She disappeared again.

Diablo fell silent, watching me with those cold black eyes, his face
emotionless, ears at the alert, tail still, as if he were a hunting dog frozen
on the game. Was I the game? His huge tongue licked his lips from one side to
the others as dogs will do. I saw a ember in his eyes and it flared for an
instant like a campfire igniting. I saw the red blaze and I knew what it meant.

"Let me show you," he said.

He stood, walking as a man on his hind legs, leading me through the front door,
into the clean, fresh air too soon fouled as he puffed smoke into my face. All
the trees had been stripped from the forest in which we lived. The entire area
was meadow, lush green meadow. Filling the meadow from horizon to horizon were
naked, pregnant women or all kinds and shapes and colors and sizes.  All
pregnant.  All wearing leathers on their necks and wrists and ankles. They were
ten or twelve dogs in sight.  Border Collies.

They were herding the women like sheep. The women seemed to be happy, to enjoy
the feel of the air and sun on their skins, to enjoy this time of their child
bearing. You could her them giggle and twitter, see the excited movements of
their hands, the flash of their eyes.  But, when they saw the dogs, the eyes
died again and the hands stilled.

"Common sluts! Available. They are all pregnant by you.  Your offspring will
dominate the earth. Think of it! All sex, all money, all power controlled by you
and your offspring.  All pussies and ass holes and mouths reserved for your use.
All men falling in your feet in homage."

Andy appeared beside me, naked, her sweet, innocent face shining up at me. She
began stroking my arm lovingly.

"Now, ask Andy if she wants to fuck a dog."

"Andy, do wish to fuck one of these dogs?"

"Oh, Davy, you know I just want to make you happy. I will do whatever you want."

I remained silent.

"Well, I guess that is your wish," she said with obvious disappointment, her
hand coming to her breast as she did, her head dropping in subservience.

Andy dropped to all fours. From nowhere, a dog appeared. He mounted her doggie
style. I saw his cock head come out of its sheath. It grew until it was easily
as big as a baby's head. He jammed it in her. She screamed, her face contorted
in the greatest of agonies but no sound came from her mouth. His doggy paws were
on her back as he humped her madly, driving that huge cock in and out of her
wounded cunt. As he flailed on her, his dew claws cut her like a knife, leaving
gouges which would scar and mar her forever. No more beautiful back. No more
beautiful pussy. I could see it stretched and hanging limp from his vicious
attack.

She looked up at me, the pain so intense it was unbelievable.

"Please, Davy.  Davy!  Davy!!"

I was being shaken.

"Davy! Wake up, sweetheart.   We have packed the car and are ready to go."

"What? What?"

"We are ready to go The Hermits, sweetheart."

To be continued . . .

Please! Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com





MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 37 (Power)

Cathy's Power

Andy was smiling down at me as I struggled to awaken.  She handed me a cup of
coffee and fluffed the pillows behind my back, gently touching my arm in loving
tenderness as I sat up. Mary entered, giving me a quick look to determine if she
dared risking talking to me.  Seeing no negative feelings in my face, she
quickly told me everything was in order, including clothes packed for me and in
the Suburban.

"I want a shower.  And, I need to care for Cathy before we leave," I said.

"I will get her food and replenish her water. How much do you want me to leave
her?"

"Three days supply, Mary.  The coffee is delicious, Andy. Just hot enough."

She gave me a wicked, happy grin.

"Well, I know how to make it hotter if you want," she giggled before twitching
out the door, knowing I was watching her delightful ass and giving a few extra
movements for my enjoyment.

After I finished my coffee, Mary and I went into the basement.  As we entered
the dungeon, Cathy stood, stretching her body which was sore from being chained
to the wall these several days.  At first, she looked frightened to see me, but
I was benign and she relaxed, giving me a warm smile.

"How about a shower and some conversation, sis?"

"Oh, Davy, thanks. I would love that," she replied sincerely.

I retrieved a pair of handcuffs from the toy chest and fastened Cathy's hands
behind her. She did not complain about the tightness, silently waiting as I
cuffed her and unfastened her chain from the wall, letting it dangle behind her.

"Okay, Cathy.  Don't try anything. It would be very unpleasant if you did."

Her eyes bored into me, then she looked down, her lips tight and rigid, her
expression unhappy.  Leaving Mary to clean up the dungeon and restock the
supplies, I led Cathy upstairs.  She stopped at the top of the stairs and took a
deep breath.  Prisoners recently released say the air smells better outside
their prison.  Cathy was sharing that thought now. I guided her into the shower,
turned on the water and stripped before joining her. She was standing with her
head under the top nozzle, letting the water cascade over her before I turned it
off. I pushed her hair back out of her face.

"Cathy, in three days I will have the formula and I am going to reprogram you."

She stiffened and panic crossed her face.  She flexed her arms, testing the
handcuffs. Her face passed through a series of emotions from defiance to
resignation before she spoke in a pleading tone.

"Davy, please don't take away my power. I am no threat to you.  I can be your
ally and your support."

I poured shampoo into my hands, turned her so her back faced me, and began to
lather her hair. She leaned forward from the waist allowing her ass to push back
against my cock as I continued to wash her hair. Had any other woman done that,
I would have thought it an invitation to sex.

But, Cathy was not any woman. Cathy was a woman who loved her power.  I believed
she was trying to soften my resolve by hardening my cock. I kept my voice
neutral.

"Why is it so important?"

Now, you might think that was a silly question but I needed to ask. I was very
much wrestling with my own power problems and I wanted to know how hers had
affected her. She turned to face me, her eyes only inches from mine, breasts
brushing against me before she leaned back letting her pubis hit mine. I
leisurely continued to rub the rich lather through her hair. She gave a quick
little snort of laughter as she eyed me intensely.

"I am surprised you would ask.  Only you know what it is like to have anyone you
want.  You and Uncle Bert but he is dead now."

"I know what my situation is like, but what about yours?"

She studied my face, trying to decide what to say as I enjoyed the feel of her
hair in my hands.   Cathy's hair was naturally brown, a milk chocolate color the
same as her bush.  Her hair lightens in the summer sun, ending with streaks of
dark honey in a very light chocolate, like the most expensive and time consuming
dye job.  She wears it on her shoulders, with a light wave in the layered
texture.  Beautiful hair on a beautiful woman.

"You don't know what it is like to be a girl."

"Obviously true," I said with a laugh. "That is one reason I am asking you."

"It started shortly after I seduced Uncle Bert, as I was starting to learn both
about sex and my power.  Teenaged girls can be bitches. They are nastier to
other girls then to boys.  In fact, we never really show you guys our nasty
side.  We want you to think we are little angels."

"Go on."

I heard the voice in my head, his voice, the devil dog.  He had not spoken to me
when I was awake before and it surprised me.  "Does this chatter have a point?"
he said in his  dignified doggy tones.

"What's wrong?" Cathy asked

"Nothing. Why?"

"Your face. You looked like, well, like you heard a ghost."

"I said 'go on'."

"Okay.  Girls put each other down all the time.  I guess you call it
establishing the pecking order, although that makes us sound like a flock of
birds."

"Birds are living descendants of dinosaurs."

"Well, if I am a dinosaur's descent, I hope it was a velicoraptor."

She gave me an evil grin, but the vision of a T Rex being in the shower with me
made goose bumps go up my spine.  I wondered if she realized what her comment
portrayed or if it was a smart remark made off the cuff.  I let the shampoo soak
on her hair as I lathered a wash cloth to begin cleaning her body, starting with
her shoulders and her arms still cuffed behind her.

"I am sure you remember Ellen Witherspoon.  I know you spent a weekend with
her."

"Yes. Just me, Jim, Eddie, and Slim.  She fucked all four of us to exhaustion."

"I know. She is a slut. A complete slut.  Do you know why?"

"No."

"I made her that way.  Me, Davy. Me. I turned Ellen into a slut."

"Why? I thought she was your best friend once."

"Once. When we were younger."

I could feel Cathy tense, feel her shoulders straighten and firm. She had a hard
gleam in her eye at she stared at me.

"Let me tell you what my power can do.  Maybe then you will understand why it is
so important to me. Ellen and I were friends but as we entered puberty, we
changed, just like all kids change.  Ellen started becoming a bitch, a
beautiful, rich, stuck up high society, miss goody two shoes, bitch!  She put me
down every chance she got. It was only a few months after I had seduced Uncle
Bert. As yet, I had not really tried out my power on anyone. Oh, I had focused
on a man here or there and seen their reactions. I was really afraid to let go
and use it so I did not know its full impact.

Ellen was dating Rob Colton, the star quarterback. I had a crush on him and she
knew it.  At a party one Friday night, I saw Ellen in the ladies room. She made
some snide remarks about being prettier and smarter than I am and that was why
Rob was with her. It made me so mad I could have clawed her eyes out!

When I got back to the party, I focused on Rob so hard I thought my mind would
burst.  My eyes were closed, my fists clenched as I focused.  'Want me, Rob.
Want me,'  I chanted in my head. When I opened my eyes, he was standing by my
chair.  He had a hard on.

'Cathy, please come dance with me,' he said.  I quickly agreed.  I knew it as we
danced.  I knew I had him and I knew I had the power.  He had not said "come
dance, babe' in that imperious teenaged voice of his.   There had been a
pleading tone in his voice. Yes.  Pleading. Then, he was pleading with me,
begging me, to be his girlfriend.  He had not even kissed me yet, not held my
hand.

I said, 'Rob, let me think about it. Do you really want me?'

'You know I do, Cathy.  I would do anything to be with you.'

'Well, I don't like Ellen.  She is nasty to me. What do you think we can do to
her?'

'Why do anything.  I left her for you, that should be enough.'

'No, Rob.  I want to do more. Can you think of something?'"

I was washing her breasts now.  Her nipples were erect and hard before I even
touched them.  Cathy was aroused, very much aroused, from thinking about this
power she wielded over her rival. Power is an aphrodisiac. I had always heard
that, heard stories about people who get sexually aroused from power, or from
being around those who have power.  Do you really think Clinton seduces all
those women?  The power seduces them, although he does use it very effectively.

"So, we talked for a few minutes. Then, Rob came up with an idea I loved.

'I think Ellen would make a wonderful slut,' he said.

'Me, too.  Why don't we do it to her and then I will make you the happiest man
on earth.'

'Yeah. Let's do it.  How do we start?'

'I think the football team should rape her and then we will go from there,' I
replied."

Cathy was becoming more aroused. I could feel the movements as she
subconsciously thrust her pelvis back and forth in tiny but unmistakable
motions.

"Rob arranged the rape with some of his close friends from the team. Ellen had
agreed to go to bed with him that night.  He was taking her to his parents'
house since they were out of town for the weekend.   I went ahead with five guys
from the team. Oh, Davy, it was so absolutely fabulous.  The five guys stripped,
but I stayed clothed.  I had used my power to convince them it was Ellen they
wanted, not me. We hid in his parents' bedroom closet. Davy, take the cuffs off.
Please."

"Why?"  She blushed slightly but her hunger was far worse than any embarrassment
she might endure telling me what she wanted.

"I want to masturbate. Just thinking about this is making me so hot!"

"I bet you can come without touching yourself.  Try it!"

Her desperate look told me she would cut off a toe right now to have her hand up
her sweet pussy but she knew I was not going to free her. She locked her legs
together to try to generate friction on her clit as her pelvis kept moving.  She
sighed and shivered.

"Go on with your story."

"Rob brought Ellen into the bedroom. They started making out, slowly undressing
each other. She was teasing him, giggly, pretending like she was resisting.  The
bitch! We watched as Rob gradually got her clothes off until she was just
wearing her bra and panties.

'Stop, Rob. Please. I think we have gone far enough,' she said, trying to push
him away.

'No. We are just starting.  Come out, guys,' he snapped.

The boys poured from the closet, all of them hard and ready from watching the
petting Ellen and Rob had done.  Migod, Davy! When she screamed as they grabbed
her, I thought I was going to orgasm on the spot!"

I though Cathy was going to orgasm now from telling me about it. Her ankles were
crossed, her legs muscles tight as sail ropes to get the friction of her clit. I
jammed my knee between her legs, forcing them apart, breaking the contact she
thought she needed to cum..

"Finish the story. Maybe then I will let you cum."

"The guys grabbed her, one on each arm, one on each leg. She was kicking and
screaming but with Rob resting his weight on her torso and all her limbs held by
big guys, she quickly tired. She saw me then.

'Cathy! Oh, God, Cathy! Please help!'

"Oh, I am going to help, Ellen,' I replied as I stroked her face.

She knew I was in on what was going to happen to her.  She started sobbing
uncontrollably. I made the guys wait which took a strong dose of my power, I can
assure you. I waited until she had cried herself out and she no longer struggled
against they held her.

'I am going to be raped, aren't I?' she said.

Her face was pathetic but I could see she was resolved to her fate, accepting it
perhaps. My only answer was a knowing smile.

'Then, please make them wear condoms,' she begged. 'I don't use birth control.'

"What a bonus.  Not only are you going to be raped and made a slut but you will
get pregnant, too. Oh, Ellen, how wonderful for you.  A nice, bouncing baby and
you will have to guess who the father is.'

'Cathy, please.  Beau and Damon are...'

'"Black? Oh, yes, they are.  Look at it this way. Your have four of six chances
of having a white baby, Ellen. Sperm roulette.  Okay guys. She is all yours."

Cathy's eyes were aimed at me but they were seeing someplace else.  They were
seeing Ellen being raped by six football players. She had a self satisfied and
smug smirk as she remembered.  I felt her legs tighten against mine, felt her
arch a little, then groan. She was really trying to get off.

"Please.  I am right at the edge."

"Cute story but I am bored.  When do I get to use my power?" Diablo said from
the depths of my mind. I concentrated to have the scientist lock the damn dog in
his cage. I heard his growl from way back and down in the recesses from whence
he came.

"Go on, Cathy."

"Oh, Davy,  they raped her, taking turns holding her and fucking her.  By the
third guy, she started to orgasm, to love being taken that way.   That dumb
bitch started asking for it, whining, sucking them to get them hard. She could
not get enough. They called in other guys.  She took seventeen before the
weekend was over."

Cathy laughed, a dark, evil, laugh.

"She was so sore on Monday, she could not walk.  Rob ignored her.  They all did.
That was my plan and all the guys were doing as I wanted.  All of them! They
ignored her until she was sick with worry and neglect. I remember it like it was
yesterday. I was there with Rob and some of the other guys, just talking. Ellen
came over, a sick, desperate look in her eyes.

'Rob, what do I need to do to get you back? Please, Rob.'

She was whining like a bad child.

'Why don't you let Cathy tell you,' he said.

I led her away.  She let me change her. New hair, new clothes.  I bought her
clothes a hooker would not wear.  And, no underwear, panties or bra. Oh, she got
a lot of attention Friday in school.  Attention that humiliated her. I was with
her the whole time, making sure she did not run and hide, making sure she was
seen by everyone.  Then, Saturday the boys fixed her up with Coach White.
Remember him?  The ex-NFL lineman.  Six nine, three hundred fifty pounds of man.
He kept her all weekend. On  Monday, she was a slut and happy about it, although
she walked real funny for a few days. After that, she fucked every man I told
her to fuck.  Every one. Every damn one. Ohhhhhh."

She had done it. She had orgamsed just from thinking about her power and what it
had done to her best friend. I let her collapse against me.  She was winded, her
eyes vacant as if trying to regain her train of thought.

"What happened?" I asked when I thought she had recovered sufficiently to
respond.

"For the two months, she fucked everyone I told her to. I traded her pussy for
favors I wanted. Is that neat or what? Talk about power! Her pussy went to the
guys but I garnered the benefits. Things were going great, but she got pregnant,
probably from that first weekend, and dropped out of school. I lost track of her
after that.

I never gave Rob more than a hand job.  That was just my first real conquest.  I
can tell you more stories."

Cathy's eyes were sunk way back in her head, a wild, needy expression on her
face.

"Tell me another story or two."

"By the time I was senior, I was the queen of the whole school. And, I ran it
like a queen would, with unchallenged authority. Don't you see! If a girl had a
crush on a specific boy, she came to me. If I could get from her what I wanted,
I used my power to force him to be interested in her.  I controlled all of
them!"

"Does your power work on girls?"

"No. Remember, I said I had programmed myself to control boys. That was a
mistake. I should have said people. But, girls are easier to control,
particularly if you control the boys. Only one other girl stood up to me. Her
name was Kathy, like mine but with a K. She was a lesbian."

"If your power would not work on girls, how could impact her?"

"Easy," Cathy said with a laugh. "Take Kim, for example. She had the hots for a
guy so she came to me to get me to talk to him for her.  I told her I wanted her
to become Kathy's lover. If she pleased Kathy, I would  get the guy for her. She
relented. But, it was funny.  She decided she was a lesbian, too, and I never
delivered the guy to her."

"Finally, someone in this family who understands how to use power," Diablo said
from his cage. I had to admit, it sounded like Cathy had no inhibitions about
using her power and she obviously got off from its use.

"Did you ever have sex with Kathy?"

"Of course. I think all women are naturally bisexual, Davy. Take Andy, for
example.  Doesn't she enjoy being with other women?"

"That is for my benefit."

"Or, so she tells you."

"Which do you prefer, Cathy?"

"Both, but I like guys better."

"Why?"

"Well, I like the way their orgasming leaves them so vulnerable."

"So, it is really just about controlling them?  Do you even like sex?"

"What do you mean?"

"Do you ever have sex just for fun, or to feel another human next to you, or
because some one took your breath away?"

Her look told me the answer as I turned the water back on and began to rinse
her, letting it wash away the soap which had almost dried on her.

"Cathy understands even if you don't.  There is no greater high than controlling
another being," Diablo said, again speaking to me.

Power. Yes.  That was it for Cathy.  She did not care if she had sex with a man
or a woman.  All she cared about was the power.  She was aroused by and orgasmed
from the power.  She controlled people with her power but the power controlled
her mind.  How many more humans did power control? Politicians? Lawyers?
Unscrupulous businessmen and businesswomen?  How many were just like Cathy?

How about me?  Was I like her?  Was the power controlling me?

"See why I want to keep the power, Davy. Let me.  I will be your ally. You and
me! Brother and sister! We can do anything we want!  Anything! Please, Davy.
Please!"

"Show her your power.  Make her hurt," said Diablo.

For an instant, I wanted to show Cathy my power. But, why?  She was not
resisting me. She knew she was whipped, or did she?  I removed the handcuffs,
handed her a towel and told her to dry off.  She was studying me, making up her
mind as to the tactic she would take.

What would she decide?  Would she risk it all, literally risk her body to the
fire I promised her, in order to keep the power she had?  Or, would she accept
less?  Would she give up some power and retain some or risk it all?

Wars are fought over this. Big wars with planes and ships and tanks.  Wars in
Congress with filibustering and compromise.  And, the littlest but often most
damaging wars to the individual, in darkened bedrooms and dusty court houses.

So, where would Cathy draw her battle lines?

Where would I?

Where would you?


To be continued....

Please! Give me your comments.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com







MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 38 (Travel MC)

On the Road

Cathy continued to daub herself dry with the towel.  She was watching me from
the corner of her eye, her head angled down and away submissively. I was
concentrating, on edge waiting to feel her power burst at me, but I felt nothing
from her.  When she finished, she carefully folded the towel and hung it on the
towel rod. She took a deep breath, exhaling with a sigh.

Non verbal animals, which includes all species except humans, rely primarily on
body language to communicate.  Cathy communicated very clearly with me by her
body language.

She turned her back to me, spread her legs more than shoulder width, locked her
knees, and bent from the waist, lowering her face to the counter top, which
raised her delightful ass and pussy toward me. She was offering herself in
submission to me.   She had decided she could not beat me and wanted to hold on
to whatever power I let her keep rather than risk losing it all.

As I looked at her so exposed, I considered the options at her disposal. I think
she made the correct choice for her.  It is probably the choice I would have
made.  What would you have done?

"Take her ass," Diablo said.  For once, I agreed with him.  I reached for the
cold cream the kittens keep on the counter. Cathy saw me take it and gasped. 
She quivered.  She jumped a little when she felt my finger spreading cold cream
on her asshole and felt it penetrate, lubricating her.

"Hold your cheeks apart for me, Cathy," I said firmly. She hesitated. I swatted
her right ass cheek hard. Still no pinging as her hands found her ass and spread
the cheeks.  I lodged my cock head against her tender opening, pressuring it but
not entering.

"Have you ever been fucked like this before?" I asked.

"No."

"No what?"

"No, sir," she whispered.

"Do you know why I am doing it?"

"Yes, sir."

"Good!"

I leaned my weight into her, forcing my cock through her virgin back hole. She
gasped "oh, god" as I slid into her.  I knew she would not orgasm this way and I
had already instructed myself not to cum.  Pleasure was not the purpose. Slowly,
I fucked her ass until I felt my point was made. When I yanked out, she groaned.

"Clean me with a washcloth," I commanded. She whispered a '"yes, sir" as she
began cleaning me.

"Now, go back to the dungeon."

She walked downstairs.  Again, I was acutely aware, looking for potential signs
of rebellion.  I felt none. She was docile as I reattached the collar chain to
the wall.

"Davy, I meant it. I will be your ally if your leave me with some power," she
said.

"I will see you in three days," was my reply.

As I locked the dungeon door, Diablo whispered, "Not bad, but you should have
made her clean you with her tongue so she could taste shit and cold cream for
three days."

"That is not necessary," the scientist retorted. "She has surrendered."

"Power must be used or it atrophies," the devil dog responded.

Mary, Andy and Lisa were all waiting.  All three wore jeans and T-shirts, with
red Patagonia cover ups.  Mary and Lisa wore sneakers but Andy had on her
favorite hiking boots, those thick, ankle high leather footwear with the thick
black soles.  I called Lisa aside, gave her some instructions on clothes I
wanted her to bring, stopped in a bedroom for a few things and joined them in
the car.

"What did you bring?" Andy innocently asked Lisa as Mary backed down the
driveway.

Lisa turned a bright red, diverting her face for an instant before looking up at
me with unadulterated desire.

"Just a little something to wear when I humiliate her," I replied for her.

"Oh," Andy said, somehow satisfied by my answer.

We were rolling on Interstate 25, heading south with Denver in the rearview
mirror. We had been on the road several hours and the journey to the Hermit's
was well under way.  The cruise control was set on eighty miles per hour and the
big Suburban handled it with ease. I was driving now, with Mary riding shotgun. 
Andy and Lisa were in the back seat, playing gin rummy and whispering secrets. 
It was cold outside but the heater and the bright sun through the windows,
created a warm pocket for us as we flew down the road.

I had the radio on a rock and roll station. Heart's "Crazy on You" came on and I
heard Andy start to sing along with it. I could see her animated and happy face
in the rear view mirror, watch her move her head back and forth in rhythm to the
music.

"Gotcha! Gin!" she giggled and Lisa groaned.  Cards were being shuffled.  I felt
Andy's hand on my shoulder and her mouth close to my ear.

"If I have a bad day or if I am gloomy, this song pops in my head.  It reminds
me that no matter how bad things are, tonight I will be with you and all will be
well."

Her closed lips touched the lobe of my ear before she sat back, humming again. I
heard Lisa say she wanted a nap.  Quickly, they both were asleep, Lisa sprawled
with her back against the door and Andy curled on the seat with her head in
Lisa's lap. Two kittens taking a nap in the warm sun, except one was not a true
kitten. That is, while she acted like a kitten, she had not been programmed.  I
planned to make her the second one I programmed, right after Cathy.

Mary set aside the book she was reading, and shifted in her captain's chair to
face me. Her movement caused the T-shirt to pull tight across her breasts,
revealing them so invitingly. She saw me looking at her. Her eyes moistened and
she got that little "I know you are interested in me" smile.  Her hand moved to
my thigh, nails just millimeters from my cock.

"Want to stop for a quickie?"

What a complex creature Mary was. She was always ready and available, sometimes
even eager to couple with me, but she never had really come on to me like this. 
This was a sly, teasing come on, like I would expect from a woman I had been
dating a while who always had said no.  Before, Mary had been open, earthy,
without guile, in her approach to sex.

"Can I interest you in me?"

Her eyes were soft and loving but with a hint of caution. She was a luscious
woman. I cupped a breast in my hand.  She smiled seductively and arched, giving
me easier access. I played with a nipple ring, watching the heat grow in her.

"Always, but not right now.  Why are you coming on like this?"

She blushed.  Now, that was a first from Mary.

"I feel a darkness in you.  I feel a wall being built separating me from you.
Honestly, it scares me.  I just want to know I am loved."

"Read my mind."

She moved to sit as close to me as she could and still remain in the bucket seat
with her belt securely fastened. Her left arm rested on the back of my chair so
her hand could play with my hair.

"I can't read your mind, not in the sense you mean anyway. I cannot see your
thoughts.  But, I have seen Bert deal with his own needs, his own use of the
power the formula gave him.  I have seen him fight it.  And, I have helped him. 
Oh, Davy, I know you very well and I am good at reading people. Besides, don't
you know all women have a sixth sense about their man and his thoughts?"

Her voice trailed off, her look intensified.  The tires hummed on the highway
and the radio kicked in with ZZ Top, a hard riving song to match our speed.

"How did Uncle Bert handle it?"

"As some point, he realized he was just a man with a man's limitations.  He
accepted that.  That acceptance allowed him to have the life he wanted. Even
with that, if he saw a woman he wanted, he, well, he was a horny old tom cat.
But, he quit using his power to inflict pain.  More important, he began to enjoy
himself immensely."

It was the first time she had openly talked about Uncle Bert, my father, and his
life. I had a few questions over the past months and received some answers,
usually ones which  were short and to the point. I wanted her to talk and
encouraged her to continue.

"When I was first with him and he was still learning his power, he sometimes
would be very cruel.  For example, we were together at dinner and a young couple
came in, sitting at the table next to us.  They appeared to be on their
honeymoon.  She was about average in attractiveness but she had a wild gleam in
her eye.  Bert was attracted to her and started to flirt.  The husband became
very obnoxious about it."

She was looking away now, remembering that time, letting the pictures go through
her mind once again.

"Bert invited them over to his place to make amends. He programmed them. The
husband, who was a proud young lawyer, was programmed to accept what his wife
would do without complaining and with support for her."  She sighed. "The wife
was programmed to take a new lover every month and have sex with him while the
husband watched.  Then, she was to make her husband clean her lover's cum from
her with his tongue while she berated him.  Bert did it with her five times just
to make sure the programming was working.  You should have seen the abject
humiliation on the husband's face."

"Sounds like fun."  What that me who said that?

"I know you think it sounds like fun.  That is what scares me."

"How about Lisa?  You do not seem to mind about her."

"She is not programmed.  She wants some humiliation.  It is a turn on and any
body's turn on is okay with me.  What Bert did to that young couple was
different."

"How did he change?"

"By the end, he was happy having sex with other women, of them being available.
He programmed them to enjoy it and he programmed them so nobody got hurt."

"When I was searching for the letters, I found one from a wife saying her
husband wanted to watch Bert fuck her."

"The husband's turn on.  Nobody got hurt."

"What is your turn on, Mary?"

"Pleasing my man.  My man was Bert.  Now, it is you and pleasing you turns me
on.  In that way, I am like most women, Davy."

"You do please me.  I am sure you always will."

The conversation died as we sped toward the New Mexico line.  We stopped at
Raton Pass, just inside the New Mexico border.  At a truck stop,  we pumped the
Suburban full of gas and ourselves full of greasy burgers before heading out
again.  I am not going to tell you which direction we headed. We might have slid
west into the Indian Reservations of Arizona and New Mexico. We might have
headed due south toward El Paso and Mexico.  Or, gone east into Texas.  If I
tell you too much, you can find the Hermit's hideaway and I don't want you to do
that.

It was dark and we were well on our way when I stopped again.  I found a little
hole in the wall cafe where the four of us ate a surprisingly good dinner.  I
found a motel and got adjoining rooms, giving us four double beds and two
bathrooms.

"What are we going to do?" Andy asked, turning on the cable.

"Well, you and Mary are going to stay here. Lisa and I are going to find a honky
tonk and see just how much humiliation she likes."

"No, please," Lisa said, but she was so excited she could barely breathe. Her
face was red as a beet.

All eyes were on Lisa as I told her what to wear.  She ran in the other room to
change.

"I think she was really enjoy this," Andy said.  "You are sweet for doing it for
her."

"Oh, yes.  We are sweet.  Take that little bitch with you.  The humiliation
would kill her," Diablo sneered in my mind.

"No.  It should be just Dave and Lisa," the scientist replied.

"What is the use of doing something for her if she wants it?  Do it to someone
who does not want it.  That is power!"

Two women. Two totally different desires, at least as to humiliation. Two voices
in my head.  Two totally different approaches to everything.

Lisa reappeared dressed exactly like I told her.

"Wow, Lisa.  You look like a real slut,"  Andy said.  It was not said cruelly. 
Nothing Andy ever did was cruel.  It was said almost in admiration.  And, that
is the way Lisa took it.  Mary had a sad smile as Lisa pirouetted to let us see
her.

"Are we going to take the younger blonde or not?" Diablo barked.

"Not," the scientist answered and I agreed with him.

"Well, Davy? Do I look okay?"

Lisa was braless and wearing a sheer, see through white blouse. Her breasts and
their rings were easily seen. She had on a very short skirt which was skin
tight, thigh high stockings and five inch heels on her pumps. The skirt barely
covered the stockings tops when she stood.  When she sat, she would be exposed.
She had on very heavy makeup with bright red lips and black eye shadow.

Yes, she looked like a slut but she needed one more accessory.

"Raise your skirt," I commanded.

She wiggled, drawing her skirt above her waist. I took the gold chain from my
pocket, ran it through the ring through her vestibule and fastened the latch to
the clit ring. I let it drop and its weight tugged both rings, making her gasp.

"No, I can't wear that," she said, shivering from the tug on her pussy.

The chain was long enough so it came to mid calf.  A gold bell hung from its
end. The swinging weight gave her varying and continual pussy stimulation. Every
movement made the bell tinkle noticeably.  It was clear the bell and the idea of
the bell brought Lisa close to orgasm.

"I still think the blonde should be going," Diablo said. The scientist scoffed
at that idea.

"Come on, Lisa," I said aloud. "Let's go honkytonkin."


To be continued . . .

Please! Give me your comments.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com







MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 39 (gandbang)

Honkytonkin

Lisa was squirming in the captain's chair in the truck as we zipped down the
highway.  If ever there was a woman in sexual need, it was she. The bell was
tinkling like sleigh bells at Christmas time.  The flush never left her face.

"Looking forward to this?" I asked.

"Oh, no, Davy. I really don't want this!"

"What a lying cunt," the devil dog muttered.  "She is hot as a pistol."

"Yes, I agree.  She cannot admit to herself how much she likes sex and how much
she wants it.  Therefore, she denies it and makes us force her into it," the
scientist replied.

"What!  You two guys agreeing on something?  This is a first," the Davy in my
brain said.

Had my poor brain spilt again, trifurcating itself?  And, what were the two
deadly opponents doing agreeing?

"It is not really that uncommon. She wants to be a slut but does not want it,
all at the same time. So, she gives the control to her male, allowing her to be
free of responsibility.  Why don't you ask her if she wants to go back home?"
the scientist suggested.

"Ask hell! Take the bitch somewhere and get her gangbanged,"  the devil dog
chimed in.

"Want to go back home, Lisa?"  I asked.

"What? Home?  I thought we were going to a honky tonk."

"Is that what you want?"

"It is not my decision.  It is yours.  I am your slave, remember?"

"If you do go to the honky tonk, you will be humiliated.  Everyone there will
know you are a wild slut.  Is that what you want?"

"Of course not.  But, I must obey what you say.  So, if you say I must, I must."

Interesting, isn't it?  They were right.   But, why?  Was she afraid to admit
what she wanted? Or, was she unsure of it herself?  Was it a fantasy she loved
down deep in her psyche but was afraid to live? Was it simply fear of unknown
men having her, of the violence or harm which could ensue? Or, a conflict in her
from upbringing (be a good girl) versus genetics (oh, yeah, let's get laid)?

"We are going to the honky tonk.  You will obey my commands.  I want you to be
humiliated all you can stand," I said.

"Yes, sir," was what she replied but her body language screamed at me. She could
neither repress her grin nor stop her squirming on the seat.  What I had said
made her happy. She was being forced into doing what she wanted to do anyway.

Assume for a minute you had this situation?  You are the dominant one dealing
with someone over whom you have power?  How do you know what to do? Can you
believe their words? Their body language?  Do they really want it? Is it a
fantasy? Where is reality? And, where will reality be tomorrow, in the cold
light of day?  Not only their reality, but yours? Let's say you force your
spouse or roommate into sex with a third party.  Will you be happy about it the
next day? Or, will you be angry at them for obeying you?

I slowed the truck and made the turn into the tiny parking lot of The Tomahawk
Lounge.

This honky tonk looked like a good place to get into one hell of a fight. It was
a desolate hole just like a thousand other similar places spread out over the
great southwest.  Mine was the only vehicle in the lot made in the last five
years. If gravel or pavement had ever graced the parking lot, it was long ago. 
The dirt was hard packed and dust quickly covered our feet as we walked towards
the metal door beneath the sign which said "eer" since the neon "b" was out.

Lisa was trembling, which made the bell tinkle even more. Having it dangle
between her calves she could not stop it without assuming an awkward position. 
When I opened the door, the smoke hit us like a wave and the roar of the crowd
exploded into the still desert night. Eyes turned to see who was coming in and
the crowd roar diminished when they saw Lisa.  She froze in the doorway, seeing
at the men staring at her.  I knew fear was coursing through her.

"Come on, slut," I said loud enough to be heard by many of them and walked
towards a table.  I felt Lisa's hand on my shoulder for comfort as she scurried
after me.

Three men were standing at the bar, bracing themselves on their elbows as their
dead eyes followed us.  They probably had been telling each other lies about
this woman they fucked or that crap game, or how they took a stranger in a pool
game.  Four more men were around a dilapidated pool table on which no good game
could be played, leaning on crooked and worn out cues.

The place smelled of smoke and grease and cheap whiskey. The walls were painted
cinder block adorned with beer signs or posters of women. As I looked around, I
saw Rita Hayworth's pinup from World War II and the Farrah Fawcett poster from
the seventies which started the whole poster craze. It had been awhile since
anyone had decorated.  Then, I saw the Pamela Lee photo blowup, the one where
she has cum on her face and is holding a cock. So, at least something in the
place was relatively new.

A Hispanic looking man somewhere in upper middle age was behind the bar. He was
about five five in height and probably weighed one hundred thirty pounds. From
the look in his face, he had been in more than one fight and probably won them
all. The rest of them were a motley crew in various shapes and sizes.  They had
one common dominator. They were the sorriest looking group of malcontents I had
ever seen.

The table I selected had a half moon bench big enough for four and two chairs
opposite. After we sat, the pool table went back to their game and the bar guys
to their stories but I could tell they were all listening to and appraising the
newcomers intruding on their turf. The bartender eased from behind the bar
toward us, moving with a rolling gate, like a man use to being at sea, which the
Navy tattoos on his forearms seemed to confirm.

"We don't get many strangers, particularly not any that look like her," he said,
his eyes never leaving Lisa's breasts.

Lisa was horribly red and continued her uncontrollable trembling but I could
smell her flooding pussy even over the stench of the honky tonk.

"We just want some beer and a little party time," I replied.

"Maybe you should go someplace else."

"Why?  We can pay."

"This crowd, well, they might want to spend some party time of their own with
the lady."

Lisa drew in a quick breath with a sound as her nails dug into my arm. Someone
else might have thought it was fear.  I knew she was about to explode with
sexual desire. A tear formed in the corner of one of her eyes as she fought to
control her breathing.

"Tell them I share but only when I am ready."

"They may not want to wait."

"Then, tell them I have a 9mm Glock in my hand under the table and I will kill
anybody who pushes me too hard."

"Sounds like an idle threat," the bartender replied but his coal black eyes were
on me now and Lisa was irrelevant for the moment.

I pulled my hand out from under the table to show him the Glock. His eyes got
wide and he stepped back a foot. I slipped the gun away again.  Suddenly, a big
grin, showing dirty, broken teeth, covered his face.

"Your time table sounds fine to me," he said.  "I will tell the boys."

"Thanks, and buy them a round on me."

He nodded and started for the bar.  A door opened in the back and a man came
out, adjusting his pants, settling them comfortably below a substantial beer
belly. Behind him was a ragged woman with a beaten look in her eyes. You know
the look, like the person has been so far down for so long they will have to
climb up to reach what the rest of us think is the bottom.

I saw her wipe a dapple of cum from the corner of her mouth as she came through
the door. She went to the bar, picked up a piece of already chewed gum from the
corner and popped it into her mouth. The bartender whispered to her before she
walked toward us.

"Whatcha want?" she asked, popping the gum.

"I will have a Diet Coke, the slut will have a boilermaker."

The waitress started openly at Lisa, perhaps sizing up the competition for the
best man in the room.  Lisa's color had been red ever since I opened the door
and she had never looked up from the floor.  I knew her blood pressure was sky
high.  The waitress  scurried off to get out drinks.

"Look around, slut. Are you going to enjoy fucking this crowd?"

With considerable effort, Lisa forced herself to start looking at the men. They
were a sorry lot: drifters, oil field trash, cow hands.  I would have guessed
that of the nine of them, not one had a bath that week.  And, every one was
staring at her at she surveyed them.

I could see why they could not take their eyes off Lisa.  She was a very
attractive woman with a good body.  She wore a see through blouse which showed
off her breasts and her nipple rings.  She had on a skin tight skirt that did
not cover her pussy when she sat, giving every one a good shot of her beaver. 
Most of all, that damn bell never stopped tinkling.  I knew that bell was the
reason the noise level was substantially less that it was when we entered. 
Every man was listening to that bell and thinking impure thoughts.

Yes, Lisa was a perfect slut and everyone knew it.  She knew it and she was
loving it.

"Why are you being so nice?" Diablo asked. "Let's get on with it."

"No. Let's do it slowly.  Let the tension build," the scientist replied.

I wondered why the two of them were still in agreement, why the scientist was
not telling us to get out of there.  My own anxiety was sky high.  I knew it was
a situation I might not be able to control, even with the gun. Was I getting my
jollies from the fear?  From controlling Lisa? Or, the men?

"Here you go, honey," the waitress said, sitting our drinks on the table. She
started to walk away.

"Hey, talk to us for a minute. Are you the only waitress?"

"Does this place look like it can afford two?" was her smart remark.

"What other services do you offer?"

Her eyes narrowed.

"You a cop?"

"No."

"Five dollars for a blow job. Twenty for a straight fuck."

"Pretty low priced."

She grinned. "Look at me, honey.  I am not Lois Lane."

"I will make you a deal. Lisa has always wanted to be a honky tonk waitress. If
you let her do your job tonight, I will pay you fifty dollars and give you all
the money she makes, including tips."

"Davy?" Lisa whispered.

"Shut up, slut," I answered without looking at her.

The waitress looked us both over carefully.

"Just for tonight?  I really need this job."

"Just for tonight."

"Okay. Gimme the fifty first."

"I will give it to the bartender. He can pay you later."

She waved the bartender over. After a hurried conference, I gave him two
hundreds to cover my bar bill and the money for the waitress. She set down by
us.  Lisa's nails were digging into my wrist when I turned to her.

"Be the waitress. If any man touches you, you freeze and let him do whatever he
wants until you hear me call your name.  Understand?"

"Yes, sir," she gasped out.

"Drink your drink.  Go ahead."

Lisa drank the jigger of whiskey, coughing and wheezing some, and chased it with
the beer.  It would take the tension off.  I seized the back of her neck with my
hand and pulled her to me, kissing her hard as my free hand slipped between her
legs.  She offered no resistance, spreading for me.  I unclipped the chain with
the bell, then slipped a finger into her.  A few strokes in and out and she was
humping my hand. I pulled away.

"Now, go be the bar girl."

She gulped and nodded.  She slipped out of the booth and straightened her skirt.
It was then she realized again every eye in the place was on her. She began to
shake. As she walked away, I saw the huge wet spot on the back of her skirt. I
wondered if she was that lubricated or she had peed on herself.

The little waitress Lisa replaced looked at me for instruction.

"Want to make an extra fifty?"

"Sure, honey.  What do you want?"

"Get under the table and suck me.  I am not going to cum but I want a mouth
around my cock."

"I don't get under the table for nobody," she said, her chin quivering as she
tried to dig deep for some pride and control over her body.

"Do it now or I will leave and tell every man in the place it is your fault they
did not get to fuck Lisa. What will they do to you?"

She turned pale and quickly glanced around at the crowd. She slipped off the
bench and under the table.  Her fingers were on my zipper.  In a moment, I felt
her mouth around my cock.

"Nice work," the devil dog said. "Now, that is using power.  That bitch really
did not want to get under the table. I am proud of you."

The scientist was quiet.

Lisa was delivering the first tray of drinks. The men were watching her. She was
trying to be unobtrusive, but she was sending off sexual signals left and right.

"Any interesting study, don't you think, Doc," Diablo said in a conversational
tone.

"Yes, definitely," the scientist replied.

It was interesting. Lisa wanted to be fucked so badly she was almost out of
control, yet she fought it. But, you could see her body movements changing as
she moved back and forth among the men. She started bending over from the waist
rather than kneeling, which stuck her ass out invitingly. She bent over with her
shoulders in a position to make her breasts more visible. Her tone of voice
became more sensual. She was increasing the bait for the fish she was trying to
catch.

After about twenty minutes, The Tomahawk Lounge was eerily quiet as the men
sipped their drinks and watched her moving back and forth between them.  Her
eyes flicked back at me frequently.  I could not tell if she was making sure I
was still there for safety, or looking for instructions. I gave no response.

There were twelve people in the lounge.  Lisa, me, the waitress who was still
under the table with my cock in her mouth, the bartender, and eight other men. 
As I watched them, I wondered who would make the first move. They were talking
among themselves in low tones, like prisoners when the warden is watching.

Lisa was on the edge of tears just from the waiting.

The leader of the men appeared to be a Indian-Hispanic looking man about fifty,
with still coal black hair and dark eyes deep set in a weathered face.  He was a
raw boned man with giant shoulders and a paunch but no other fat anywhere.  His
hands were big and knarled as if he had worked hard outdoors his entire life. He
was sitting two tables away, facing me.

Lisa stopped at the table to deliver drinks. I saw his hand move to rest on her
knee. She froze as her head popped up to look at me. I could see both their
faces and his hand. He moved it up her leg, watching me for a reaction. Lisa
stood as still as she could.

Again, his hand moved.  All the others were now watching this little dance. The
bartender kept looking back and forth between the Indian and me, as if observing
a tennis match. His hands were out of sight behind the bar.  I wondered if he
had a baseball bat or a shotgun back there.

Again, the Indian's hand moved upward, now resting half on her stocking tops and
half on her bare thigh. Again, he waited to see if I objected. I made no
movement, gave no sign.

"Now, we are going to get some action." Diablo said.

"Yes.  Well worth the wait," the scientist agreed.

His hand disappeared under her skirt. Lisa was trembling badly now, her face
red, tears in her eyes. I wished I could have been in her mind right then. She
knew she was seconds away from having this stranger's rough hand on her pussy,
knew she was minutes away from being taken by all these men.  She had to wonder
if it would hurt, or if I would lose control. Was she humiliated? Or, was she
simply in sexual heat, her desire so great any man, any hand was welcome? If she
wanted to get away, I saw no sign of it.

The Indian turned his wrist and Lisa grunted slightly and widened her stance.
Her lip begin to quiver. I watched her face. It was obvious when he stuck a
finger up her pussy. He did not move, sitting as still as a statue. Lisa raised
up on her toes a fraction and lowered herself again. Then, again, she raised up,
a little higher this time.

She was going to fuck herself on the huge finger up her.

"Lisa!"

She stopped.  I heard her whimper.

"Beg for it, slut.  Beg me to let you cum on his hand."

The Indian broke into a huge grin but no other part of him moved. The others
were perfectly still except for their eyes which flicked and danced over the
action.

Lisa's pelvis tightened on his finger. She looked around the room at all the men
staring at her.

"Please, let me cum," she moaned.

"I think she needs to be undressed," I said to no one in particular.

The youngest looking of the group quickly stood and moved to her. He began
unbuttoning her blouse as a older man approached her from behind. The older one
took a handful of her hair and pulled her head back, arching her back and
forcing her body down on the Indian's hand. It thrust her breasts up into the
young man's hands.  Her blouse was open now. The began massaging her breasts as
the man behind her bent her further as he raped her mouth with his. The
Indians's hand between her legs was probably keeping her from falling over.

The young man reached for the zipper on her skirt.  I heard it tear as his
patience expired. She was now naked except of her stockings and heels. I could
see the Indian's hand now. He had two fingers up her slue and his hand was
drenched to the wrist with her juices.

He gave me a questioning look and I nodded affirmatively.

The Indian stood, his hand between her legs never releasing its grip. He
unzipped his pants and pulled out a nice sized cock.  He pushed Lisa across the
table. I guess they thought she might resist because the man across the table
grabbed her arms and held her in place. The Indian slammed into her with one
hard thrust.  Lisa orgasmed with a squeal.

Ever been to an gangrape, or an orgy?  This was not a gangrape really because
Lisa was enjoying every minute of it. They took turns and took their time. Her
blouse was used to keep her pussy wiped so the next guy could get some friction.
She was fucked in her mouth as well, often taking two guys at a time. I won't
describe it. Picture eight guys with their cocks hanging out, waiting their turn
with one woman.  I was surprised how orderly it was. Picture one woman orgasming
over and over, eagerly swallowing cum, happily getting fucked, enjoying every
minute of it until she was floating in a state of delirium some where in the
ozone.

I did not participate.  I stayed in my booth, sipping my soft drink and
watching, with the waitress's mouth wrapped around my cock.  She complained once
her jaw was getting tired. With my hand in her hair, I yanked her straight up,
banging her head on the underside of the table. I heard a curse but she quit
complaining.

"Nice move," the scientist said when the woman's head thunked the table.

"Yes, nice," Diablo echoed.

I started to keep track of Lisa's orgasms at first, but they were going so
quickly, I lost track.  Also, I was distracted by the conversation in my head.
Diablo and the scientist were arguing about the use of power and whether what
Lisa was enjoying qualified as such a use.

She was on her back now, covered in cum from her knees to the top of her head,
her pussy a bloated mess in white.  She was exhausted and dazed and so were
they. No one had the energy to get up as I walked over to her. I cleaned her off
with a bar towel, threw her over my shoulder like a sack of flour and carried
her to the truck.

She did not speak on the way back to the motel, but she did groan occasionally.

Mary opened the door for us.  I left her to help Lisa with her bath.  I crawled
in bed next to Andy. She pushed her ass up against me but I was not in the mood.

To be continued....

Please!  Give me your comments.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com






MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 40 (Decorations)

Decorations

Quickly, I was asleep and dreaming.

I was in a huge mansion, like San Simeon or an English castle, with unabashed
opulence.  I was in a large sitting room, probably two thousand square feet in
an approximate square, with twenty feet high ceilings. Animal heads and art work
decorated the mahogany walls.  There were heads of wild beasts such as rhino and
grizzly. The art was by Van Gogh, Monet and other masters.

The most interesting decorations were the statues, each is a small, partially
recessed display in the walls. Michaelangelo's David was there. So was Venus de
Milo, except I knew it was a copy since it was a complete woman with arms.  As I
watched her beauty I thought I saw her breathe.  I walked closer to observe her.

It was a live woman, her skin painted the gray-brown color of stone, her
movements perfectly still except for the rise and fall of her breasts as she
breathed. As I admired her, a man approached with a woman behind him.

"Excuse me, master," he said. "It is time to change the decoration."

"I beg your pardon?"

"As you ordered, master, we change the woman each hour so that they will be
fresh for your enjoyment.  Standing so perfectly still tires them, master."

"Of course. Proceed."

The woman was shaky, her muscles tired and unresponsive from holding her pose,
as the man helped her down from the pedestal, before assisting the other woman
to her position. Immediately, she stood still, frozen for an hour of time as
Venus. I wandered down the walls, checking each of the live statues in their
display cubicles. Again, the man approached me.

"Master, I am going to change the woman in 'The Threesome' statue. Would it
please you to watch?" the custodian asked me.

"Certainly."

It was then I saw the large sculpture occupying the center of the room. It
appeared to be cut from one piece of green marble.  A carved stone man lay on
his back, legs together, arms up with elbows bent and hands open. Another man
was kneeling over him, facing his feet.  The art work was magnificent with each
muscle and sinew of these stereotypical perfect males clearly created by the
caring hands of a master sculptor.

Each marble man had an erection, his green marble cock thick and powerful with
each vein and fold of stone skin clearly visible. They were circumcised with
helmet heads to their substantial members.  The one on his back had prodigious
equipment, probably ten inches long. The one kneeling was only about five inches
but just as thick as the other.

The custodian motioned and a woman appeared. She was naked and beautiful. Her
skin had been oiled, making it gleam in the directional lighting focused on the
sculpture.  She had a soft appearance, with lush thighs and ass. Gracefully, she
climbed to the statue. She knelt over the marble cock thrust upward, spread the
lips of her pussy and lowered herself onto it. I could tell by her face and the
twitching of her leg muscles, she was filled to capacity and the stone cock
pleased her.

With the stone cock securely buried in her, she arranged her waist length hair,
letting it cascade behind her.  She moved her torso so her breasts rested in the
open hands of the marble man under her, gingerly pushing her flesh to fill his
frozen stone fingers. With a slight tilt of her head, she encompassed the stone
cock of the kneeling statue with her mouth, taking him in until her lips touched
his pubic bone.  She put her hands on the cheeks of his ass as if holding him
into her and froze, her movements ceasing as if she was a marble woman herself.

I watched for a few minutes, seeing no movement by her except the gentle sign of
her breathing.  She was truly a living statue.  Even with her stillness, I could
see the moisture oozing from her pussy as her body responded naturally to the
marble cock in her. Then, a dabble of saliva appeared in the corner of her
mouth.

I reached out and touched the soft silky warmness of her skin with one hand and
the cold stone of his thigh with the other, feeling the contrasts in texture and
warmth. Her muscle twitched as I slid my hand along her thigh to caress her ass.
I ran my finger against her sex, loading it with moisture. She quivered when I
placed it at her asshole. Her tender back hole spasmed against my finger as it
slid into her. Beads of sweat broke out on her forehead as she fought to be
perfectly still as I moved my digit back and forth, stimulating her. I withdrew
before she orgasmed, causing her to moan around the marble cock in her mouth. 
From no where, a woman appeared, knelt by me and sucked my finger into her
mouth. After throughly cleaning me with her tongue, she dried my hand on her
hair and disappeared again.

I became aware of the sitting area and turned my attention back to the room.

There were three chairs, placed at the points of a triangle facing each other,
with room for people to easily walk between them. The floor between the chairs
was covered by a magnificent Persian rug. The chairs were large, overstuffed,
with leather upholstery in a deep, dark burgundy, and high backs.

I sat in the empty chair. The devil dog occupied one.  The third was the
scientist, whom we now called Doc, although he was not a medical doctor. All
three of us were immaculately dressed in identical three piece Brooks Brothers
suits in a fine gray wool with a very narrow white pinstripe.  We wore
expensive, leather, wing-tipped, shoes, polished to a high gloss. Our shirts
were hand made with English collars and French cuffs.  Only our ties were
different. Mine was a light purple, the color of an Iris, with small portraits
on it.  The portraits were heads of women, some clearly presented as in a
photograph, others in Picasso-like abstractions.  The scientist wore a soft,
muted goldenrod with scientific formulas, such as E=mc2,  in a black script and
jumbled about.  The devil dog's tie was a cherry red, like a fire, with no
decorations of any kind.

A beautiful blonde young woman entered with a drink tray, serving us brandy in
Waterford crystal goblets.

Black, patent leather, boots covered her feet and ankles. The boots had stiletto
heels of probably seven or eight inches, forcing her to walk on tip toes.  The
boot was laced up the front, over her arch, in the style worn at the turn of the
twentieth century. But, these boots had a wide leather strap around the top to
hold the laces in place. That strap was locked with a golden padlock. A golden
chain approximately a foot long ran from boot to boot, restricting her steps. 
The extreme height of the heels made her leg and ass muscles tight, displaying
them to perfection. That height, and the short steps she was forced to take,
made her walk with a very sensual sway.

She wore a patent leather corset.  The corset was extremely tight and perfectly
fit.  It covered her neck to crotch. It appeared to have steel support bars in
it because her posture was kept in a rigid and perfect position. The top was a
rigid collar which extended behind her ears and under her chin, forcing her to
look only forward. She could tilt her head downward but an inch.

Her waist was impossibly narrow, probably only ten or eleven inches, as the
corset molded her figure into an extreme wasp shape.  The corset was cut out
around her breasts, leaving them both bare and showcased, making them appear to
be huge.  When she turned her back to me, I saw the corset was held in place by
a single strap, about two inches wide, running between the cheeks of her ass,
forcing it out and emphasizing its beauty and shape. In front, the corset
restraining strap spilt in two, going past her pussy on each side.  Her labia
were bloated and wet with juice, her clit was almost two inches long and rigid.

She never looked up, keeping her head tilted the little the corset allowed and
her eyes down turned submissively at all times. Her golden hair was braided into
French curls which touched at the crown of her lovely head. In each curl, a
leather handle was braided into the hair for easy grasping if a man wished to
hold her that way. After serving the drinks, she gracefully knelt to all fours
before Diablo. It was then I noticed that his cock, in fact, all our cocks, were
outside our trousers. She kissed the tip of his cock, then scurried to Doc to do
the same. Then, she kissed mine, her lips lingering gently on my cock head and
the tip of her tongue caressing the blind eye of my cock. She knelt before me
with her forehead touching the floor.

"Is something wrong?" I asked her.

"No, master, but, I beg of you, sir, to grant me one small wish."

"What?"

"Please.  Would you touch me?"

"Here! Touch her with that!  She is to be whipped for speaking without
permission.  She knows the rules!" Diablo barked, throwing me a riding crop.

"Were you aware that speaking would result in your whipping, kitten?"

"Yes, master, but I so wish your touch. If you chose to do so with a whip, I
would much prefer it to no touch at all."

"Then, make your pussy available, kitten."

She quickly turned to lie on her back. She brought her legs up, with knees
locked and touching her exposed breast.  While I could easily strike her exposed
ass and pussy, I stopped to observe her. It was a perfect ass, a perfect pussy. 
Even with as many kittens as I had, I could still appreciate the best qualities
in them.  I reached to let my finger gently slide down the opening of her slit.
She groaned and quivered, an orgasm apparently seizing her.

"She is to be punished more severely for orgasming without permission," Diab lo
snapped.

"I understand the rules.  I made them. Now, be quiet!" I said to the ever
present devil dog.

"What did you say your name was, kitten?"

"Andrea Mathews, master, but I am called Andy."

Only then did I recognize her, but I felt no special feeling for her. I could
see that see had already been whipped on at least one occasion with purplish
welts running across her thighs and ass.

"Have you been previously whipped, kitten?"

"Yes, master, but only by you."

"For what reason?"

"Always the same reason, master.  For asking for your touch.  And, for orgasming
when I receive it."

I remembered then that her pussy had the most sweet and delightful taste, like
nectar from the gods. I instructed her to give me her ankles, which she
immediately did. I detached the chain. She slipped her arms inside her legs,
forcing herself wider by leveraged elbow to knee, which bent her double. I
leaned forward, my elbows braced on my thighs, and took her hips in my hands. I
lifted her up and lowered my head to her sex like a man eating watermelon on a
picnic.

Her taste was delicious. Her pussy seemed to be full of her love juices, and
like an eternal spring flowing from the bottom, continually full, as I lapped
and sucked to my heart's content.  She was in a state of continual orgasm,
tightening and releasing, moaning, whimpering, thanking me for pleasuring her. 
Her juices had a rejuvenating effect on me, like drinking a potion of energy and
revitalization.  I lapped until I was satiated before setting her back on the
floor. She immediately offered her feet and I reattached the chain. She assumed
the whipping position again.

"Well, Andy, I suppose one hard lash from the riding crop across your cunt will
do you good."

"Yes, master.  Thank you."

I pulled back the whip to strike her, but Doc began speaking and Andy vanished
from the spot.

"I believe we are in agreement," Doc said. "We will secure the formula
immediately."

"Correct. We need to begin production and activate our plan," Diablo replied,
puffing on another one of his big, thick and foul smelling cigars.

"We must dedicate our lives to the plan," Doc said with strong emphasis, his
hands flailing the air.

"What plan?" I asked.

"Good God, man! Haven't you been paying attention?  Our plan. The plan to
control. To control everything! We will start in the United States, with
Hollywood and the media. From there to Washington.  England and Russia next,
followed by Germany, France and Japan. Then, we spread outward around the
world."

"I have not approved this plan," I said, leaning forward to face Diablo.

"But, you will, my friend, you will."

He gave me a pompous look and leaned back, puffing on his cigar.  Something wet
and hot was on my cock, sucking it, sucking it hard.  I looked down to see his
doggy mouth on me. Then, his lips rolled back and I saw his fangs. He opened his
massive jaws to bite.

"No!" I shouted and shoved him away hard.

I heard a thud as I sat upright in bed.  Andy was on the floor.

"Sorry, Davy.  I thought you liked me waking you that way," she said.

She was sitting on her right hip, legs drawn up under her, right arm supporting
her weight.  She was rubbing her left hip with her hand. Her hair was soft
around her, an uncombed, jumbled mass.  She gave me a sweet, innocent, shy, and
very loving smile, looking away a moment before locking onto me with her blue
laser eyes which were hot with genuine love and submissive desire.

Suddenly, I wanted to hold her, to fuck her, to make love to her, more than I
wanted anything in the world.


To be continued . . .

Please!  Give me your comments.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com







MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 41 (MC, M, 3001F)

Passage

As you know, Andy is a kitten, which means she is chemically programmed to obey
my commands.  I could say to her, "On your back, bitch, and spread them," and
she would immediately comply, gladly giving me that which I desired. The
programming would force her to obey.  And, Andy's own love for me, that
unprogrammed part of her nature, reinforced the programming.

I had trained myself  not to give her direct orders in things sexual. It was
more fun to suggest and let Andy respond as what she was, a wild, creative and
delicious woman. I never knew how she was going to react, which made it so
delightful. She might jump on me and slam my cock into her heat without any
hesitation. Or, she might play the shy coquette until I was shaking with desire.

Out of habit, I suggested rather than commanded.

"Andy, would you like to make love?"

She was sitting on the floor where I had unceremoniously dumped her in the
awakening throes of my dream. Instantaneously, her expression changed. She gave
me a wild, slutty, "I have the pussy so I am in control" leer.  She rolled to
sit on her ass. Slowly, she lay back. Then, she straightened her legs and braced
her calves on the edge of the bed. With her ass still on the floor, she slowly
parted her legs.  Then, she raised her pelvis until only her shoulders touched
the floor and her pussy was level with the edge of the bed.  I knew because I
was looking down into it.

One long delicate finger weaved through the air like a drunken butterfly before
coming to rest on her pubis. I licked my lips as that finger slipped down and
entered her. I could smell her pussy as her finger moved around and around
inside her.  Leisurely, the finger moved back over her mouth and disappeared
between her lips, which she smacked loudly in mock appreciation.

"Oh, that tastes good.  Do you want some?"

"Yes."

"Can you be a good boy and please me?"

"Why are you putting up with this crap?" Diablo snapped.  "Tell the blonde bitch
to shut up and spread them."

"Davy, we do need to find the formula.  Remember. That is our main objective. 
If you insist on fucking her, take control and get on with it," Doc chimed in.

In my brain, they started whining like two third graders. Maybe it was that or
maybe I had changed more than I realized. But, today, Andy's foreplay, which I
normally loved, was an irritant which angered me.  I was in charge and my little
kitten could use a lesson in that regard.

"On your back, bitch!" I said, patting the bed beside me.

Andy, for an instant, had a frightened and uncomprehending expression.  She
immediately jumped on the bed and spread her legs for me. I waved a finger in
the air, telling her that was not what I wanted. An ankle in each hand, I yanked
her legs apart, pushing them back with her knees bent until her thighs touched
her breasts.

"Arms inside legs.  Now hold that position.  Open your pussy lips for me!"

Two beautiful hands fell to her pussy, pulling the lips apart. She had a shy but
needy expression as she stared at me.  Her bloated pussy lips glistened with her
juices.

"That is the way you should always present yourself, Andy."

"Always?"

I slapped the inside of her thigh with the flat of my hand, leaving five red
finger marks.

"Always!"

"Yes, Davy," she whispered, a tear sliding down her cheek.

"What is your purpose in life, kitten?"

"To please you. To bring you happiness."

She said it as if it were so obvious and well understood she could not believe I
asked the question.

"Yes.  To please me.  Remember that!"

"I always do, sweetheart."

I knee walked between her legs and lodged the tip of my cock in her entrance.
She quivered, unable to hide the desire for me to fuck her. She tilted her
pussy, trying to get me in her. She must have seen malevolence in my face for,
again, she looked frightened in that instant before I slammed into her as hard
as I could, raising her ass off the bed with the force. An "uh" escaped her.

What is the old joke, the one about the different kind of fucks?  You know. A
sport fuck, a conception fuck, a grudge fuck, a friendly fuck, a brotherly fuck.

This was a punishment fuck. I wanted Andy to know she had been fucked and fucked
hard. I pounded into her, driving her into the cheap motel mattress with every
thrust.

"Now, this is how to fuck a bitch!" Diablo said with self satisfaction.

"It is rewarding," Doc concurred.

Rhythmically, continually, brutally, with her legs bent double and her knees
touching her breasts, I fucked her. I pinned her hands over her head, wrists
crossed and held by my left hand. With my hand right hand I crushed the tender
flesh of her breasts. On and on.  Fucking. No relenting. Fucking.

Of course, she orgasmed. She orgasmed again and again, once having a string of
multiple orgasms that made her pussy spasm in a most wonderful way.  It would
have caused me to cum in her had I not been programmed.  My cumming was not the
objective. Fucking her until we both understood I was the master and she was the
slave was my objective.

She sweated profusely, soaking the bed under us.  Her skin turned as red as a
lobster.

Still, I fucked her, ramming my pubic bone against her with every driving
thrust.

She never complained, but then she never had complained about anything I did to
her.  I could tell when she had enough, when she wished I would stop. Her
muscles were spasming in abuse rather than desire. Her skin was dry, hot as a
griddle with the thin layer of caking left by her prior sweat.  Her pussy
started to dry out and it bit against my cock. She was starting to hurt, the
bruising of her pussy now overcoming her depleted desire.

Still, I fucked her.

She began to cry and squirm.

Still, I fucked her.

"Please, Davy.  Sweetheart, stop.  This is really hurting me," she sobbed.

She could not help herself, she began struggling to get away, but she was pinned
and going nowhere.

"We need to pursue the formula," Doc said in my head.

"We need to fuck this bitch into surrender," Diablo countered.

Surrender? Andy had surrendered the first day, the first moment.  Since that
time when she handcuffed and blindfolded me, so delightfully loving me, she had
surrendered. Why was I doing this?  Why was I punishing her with the very thing
most intimate between us?  What was happening?

I stopped and pulled out.  Both her hands flew between her legs to cradle her
wounded pussy as she curled on her side in the fetal position and sobbed
quietly.

I saw Mary watching us, leaning against the jam of the door.  She had that
expression again, the one that said she was reading my mind. She moved to the
bed and crawled beside Andy, brushing her hair back and whispering something in
her ear. Motherly, she comforted her child.

Then, she lay back and spread her legs. I shook my head 'no' and pointed to the
floor. She blanched but complied, kneeling before me.

"Hold your hands behind you and do not let go!" I ordered as I wrapped her hair
in both of my hands and drew her head toward my crotch. Fear and compliance
crossed her face as she opened her mouth.

She did not suck me.  I fucked her face.  I fucked with the same hard driving
motion I had fucked Andy's pussy. I fucked her face until tears flowed and her
slobber fell from her bruised lips.  Then, I jammed my cock down her throat and
pumped her stomach full of my cum.

"Well done," Diablo murmured.

I had to agree. Those kittens needed that.  Without further conversation, I
loaded them into the Suburban to begin the last leg of our journey.

The three of them were quiet as the Suburban hummed down the highway. The voices
in my head were relatively quiet, too, with Diablo giving me praise for my rape
of the two kittens and Doc driving me onward for the formula. They were two
unseemly allies, one seeking raw power, the other power from knowledge and fame
but power, nevertheless.

We came to the turn off. Hoarsely, her voice damaged from her face fucking, Mary
gave instructions as to our direction.

We followed the paved road for several hours, turning frequently, each time to a
smaller and less well maintained road.  The terrain became less hospitable as we
continued into the wastelands where only scrub plants seemed to grow.  I
wondered how the Hermit lived in this climate. Finally, we came to the
pavement's end and continued down a hard packed dirt road.

When Andy said she needed a bathroom break, I stopped and let her pee by the
side of the road, which embarrassed her no end.  She needed more embarrassment
in her life.  I was ready to agree with the devil dog. Copious quantities of
humiliation and regular fucking by other men and a dog or two would do Andy
good.

Always, Mary watched me from the corner of her eye. I constantly felt she knew
exactly what was going to happen and what I would do. When I asked her thoughts,
she replied neutrally. What did she know? What was going to happen?

The road was continually worsened until it was no more than tracks through the
desert brush.  I shifted into four wheel drive when the road disappeared in a
dry creek bed.  I eased the truck down the slope. Following Mary's direction, I
turned out of the dry creek and toward some hills on this high plateau. I
wondered when the last vehicle had crossed this road.

"We need to get that formula!" Doc said, for the fifteenth time that day.

He was fixated on our goal.  Diablo was speaking only to reinforce Doc's
comments.  All day I had been wondering about the formula, the power, Doc and
Diablo, the kittens, and me.

Me.

I knew I had changed. Just the way I treated Andy and Mary today had proved that
to me. It frightened me in a way.  But, the knowledge I was going to gain the
power exhilarated me more than anything I had ever experienced.

Was I seduced by the power?  Yes. Oh, yes.  Was I under its control?  I was not
sure. Was I enjoying it and eagerly looking forward the possessing the formula? 
Bet your sweet ass I was.

But, there were questions reverberating through my head. Why did I feel the way
I did toward Andy and Mary, both of whom I had loved since the moment I met
them? Was love unimportant now?  Did I need love, particularly since I had power
and my power was getting ready to increase exponentially?

I could feel the desire for the power growing in me.  That is why Diablo was
being so quiet.  He knew he was winning and all he had to do was sit back and
let me surrender.

I glanced at Mary. She had a sad, knowing expression as if she realized exactly
what was happening in my mind.


To be continued . . .

Please! Give me your comments.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com







MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 42 (MC MFRom)

The Hermit

The truck crawled across the hard packed dirt path toward the foothills on this
high plateau. All three women had been quiet since we left the motel. It was an
uneasy silence.  Perhaps I should have missed the enjoyable banter or sweet
sounds they normally emitted, but my mind had only one focus: the formula.

They had dressed that morning to please me, as they always should.  Each wore a
thin, plain white T-shirt with a scoop neck. It was more sexy than if they were
naked with their breasts plainly visible.  And, it was obvious both Mary and
Lisa had nipple rings.  The T-shirts were form fitting which displayed their
narrow waists as well as their endowments. All three wore short skirts which
came to mid thigh when they stood, but barely covered them when they sat.  No
panties or bras were allowed.  Once again, I had hung the bell on its long chain
from the ring through Lisa's vestibule.  It tinkled randomly, reminding us all
of their purpose.

Embarrassment is interesting. Lisa, who had been terrible embarrassed when we
arrived at the honky tonk, was thriving, still floating in the high of her
gangbang and actually enjoying the bell between her legs, which she played with
occasionally, keeping herself stimulated. She seemed delighted to be humiliated. 
Mary was accepting, neither embarrassed nor pleased by her display, but sexually
open and happy to please her man, although an undercurrent of quiet despair
flickered across her face.  Andy was mortified, blushing whenever anyone looked
at her, even though all of us had seen her being fucked on many occasions. 
Don't forget, Andy had screamed to be fucked in the ass at the B&D club in New
York.  What had she said?  Women are mysterious creatures.  Strange, isn't it?

Me?   I did not care if any of them were happy or unhappy, humiliated or
venerated. I was focused on the formula.

Andy was sitting behind me. Once, I glanced at her in the rearview mirror to see
a nice shot of her shaven pussy. She had blushed again and squirmed to cover
herself.   She had not spoken since we got into the car except to ask to pee.

I felt soft fingers stroke the hair on the back of my head. I heard her move to
sit closer behind me as her hand slid down my chest.

"I love you, Davy," she whispered in my ear.

"How is your pussy?"

"Sore and swollen.  You really pounded me, sweetheart.  Why did you do it?"

"You need a good, hard fucking to remind you that you are a kitten.  You are
made to be fucked and fucked hard and often."

"I know.  I never forget I belong to you.  I am very happy belonging to you,
Davy, but, well, have I done something to anger you?"

"Sit back and be quiet, kitten."

Had she done something to anger me?  No.  You know better than that.  Andy was a
delight.  What was wrong was inside me, where it was growing, not going away. 
And, I did not want to discuss it with her or anyone else.

It was about two in the afternoon now. The desert sun beat down hard on the
Suburban. Even with the heavily tinted windows, the air conditioner strained to
keep us cool. The road dipped and turned, heading toward a break between the two
hills in front of us.  Those hills seemed to be granite, the remnants of some
mountain chain long ago raised by cataclysmic upheaval, only to be eroded by the
wind and primeval waters. There was no evidence of water now. There was no
evidence of life, not even birds overhead.

The road finally petered out.  Mary motioned toward a small cut between the
granite uplifts and I pointed the truck in that direction, easing along slowly
in first gear and low gearbox. Approximately a hundred yards from the cut, rocks
had been strewn about to prevent further vehicle passage.

"Now what?" I asked Mary.

"We walk.  It is not too far."

The hot, dry desert air hit like a fire when we opened the doors. With my three
women trudging along behind me, I started toward the cut. I could feel the heat
draining the moisture from my body as if some giant mosquito had plugged into me
and was sucking me dry. I was thirsty and tired by the time I stepped into the
shadow where the hills hid us from the sun. We were at the start of a narrow
path, only about four feet wide at the widest, with shear vertical walls on each
side.

I could see light at the other end and I walked toward it. I was halfway through
the cut when I heard the cocking of a firearm.  From the bright light at the end
of the cut, a figure appeared, a rifle in his hands with the barrel pointed at
me.

"Freeze," a voice cried out, the sheer walls echoing and magnifying it, making
it sound as if  it came from a man twenty feet tall.

"Identify yourselves!"

"I am Dave Wilson. These are my women: Mary, Andy and Lisa."

"Well, little Davy Wilson. I have been waiting for you to arrive.  Hello, Mary."

"Hello, Hermit," she replied softly, letting the acoustics carry her voice to
him.

"You ladies just sit there and rest.  Do not move. Boy, put your hands in the
air and walk toward me."

Slowly, I walked toward the man with the gun. When I was within ten feet of him,
I still could not determine his appearance because of the bright sun behind him,
but he was not twenty feet tall as he had sounded.

"Far enough," he said. "Turn around and drop your pants."

I was actually relieved he had said that. Showing my ass was far from my
favorite thing, but it meant he was checking for the rose tattoo Uncle Bert had
his favorite tattoo parlor give me.  When I got it, I thought it was a wild
thing to do.  I did not realize then Uncle Bert meant for it to be an
identifying feature of my anatomy. I dropped my pants and boxers.

"Back toward me, boy."

The beam of a flashlight pierced the air and jumped around until I saw it no
more, indicating it was illuminating my ass.

"Now, answer some questions."

The hermit carried me through a list of questions, the same kind Andy had asked
that first day when I met her.  The questions were to confirm my correct
identity.  I answered all of them.

"Mary, you answer a question," the hermit said.  "Is this Dave Wilson, Bert's
son?"

"Yes, Hermit," she replied.

"Hot damn! You people come on in and let me get you some cool water to drink."

With the three women right behind me, I followed the Hermit out of the cut into
a small canyon. The canyon was probably only three or four acres of flat land. 
There was a small, adobe hut, probably the size of an efficiency apartment,
abutting the highest of the canyon walls. Next to it was a small corral which
was empty.  On the other side of the hut was a vegetable garden.  I could see
tomatoes, peas, beans and broccoli, among other things, growing, their shades of
green and red a sharp contrast to the brown of most of the area. A well stood by
the garden with one aluminum pipe running from it into the garden and another
into the house.

I guess the outhouse surprised me the most.  It sat far away from the well and
adobe hut, but it was clearly an outhouse. No running water, no plumbing,
growing his own  vegtables. I wondered if he had electricity.

The Hermit watched us, waiting as we took in his small world. When I finally
focused on him, I was not surprised by what I saw.  He looked like a Hollywood
hermit, with a red flannel, long sleeved shirt under faded overalls and heavy
work boots on his feet.  They were not cowboy boots, but the lace up kind which
snugs just under the heavy muscle at the back of the calf.

He was about five four and looked as if he weighed a hundred pounds and not an
ounce more. There was not a bit of fat to be seen on him.  He was all sinew,
muscle and bone. His skin was leathery and wrinkled from constant exposure to
the desert sun. He looked a hundred years old. I could not see his hair or his
eyes.  A wide brimmed straw hat covered his head, shading him from the brutal
rays.

He guided us into the hut he called a home.  His bed was against one wall. But,
there were a few surprises. In one corner was a computer, complete with a
LaserJet printer. Next to it was a TV and VCR. He saw my surprise and laughed.
He said he had solar generated electrical power.  Besides what I had seen he had
a microwave, satellite antenna, refrigerator, radiant heat and the pump from the
well all powered by electricity. Modern niceties are everywhere, aren't they?

He removed the wide brimmed hat. It was the first time I saw his eyes. They were
a washed out green with a few random brown flakes floating in the iris. They
were neither cold nor warm, but neutral as if no message ever was passed by
them.

"Mary, honey, how have you been?" he said, gently, taking her in his arms and
hugging her as if he were a long lost uncle.

"Fine, Hermit, all considered. I miss Bert . . . "  Her voice caught and she
buried her head in his bony shoulder.

"I know you do, honey.  I miss him, too.  No one else ever comes to visit this
godforsaken place I call home.  Now, introduce me to these girls."

Mary did the introductions.  The Hermit seemed genuinely happy to meet both Andy
and Lisa. They blushed at his florid compliments like school girls. While
florid, the compliments were real.  I could see him appraising each of them as
men have always appraised women.

I was becoming irritated at the delay.  I had come a long way to complete the
formula and I was anxious to have it. Doc was muttering to me, advising me to
push on.

"Look.  I want to get the formula and be on my way."

"Relax, Davy.  We have all the time in the world.  These women look hungry. How
about it, ladies? Need something to eat?"

The women immediately replied,  complaining of their hunger. I realized I had
not stopped to eat and it had been a long time since breakfast, but food was not
on my mind right now. The Hermit led them outside toward the garden. I stood at
the doorway of the adobe hut and watched the four of them pick fresh vegetables
for lunch. They looked like a mid-nineteenth century oil of a French countryside
scene except for their clothing, all four working the garden, enjoying the feel
of the dirt and the warmth of the sun on their backs.

"Davy, get on with it," Doc said. "We need to get the formula and be on our
way."

"Hermit!  I want the formula."

"Slow down, boy.  Is the formula so awfully important to you that you cannot
stop for a good meal?"

"It has been a long search."

"You can damn well wait another hour or two," he said, returning to his
direction of my women in which vegetables to harvest.

I was pissed! In fact, I was more angry than Diablo, who counseled we wait out
the Hermit to make sure we got the formula.

"Don't blow it now.  Let him give it to us.  No telling what traps old Bert laid
in our way," Diablo said.

I took a deep breath and joined the rural scene, gritting my teeth and trying to
smile.

The Hermit was in no hurry, relishing the company we gave him,  particularly the
company of three scantily clad and beautiful women.  He was telling jokes and
had them all laughing as they returned to the hut laden with vegetables.  Soon,
we were eating home made bread (he baked it himself), slices of cold lamb, and a
medley of raw vegetables, washed down with the fresh, clear water from his deep,
desert well. No wonder the old man was in such good health.

He ignored me and my feeble attempts to bring the conversation back to the
formula. We talked about Uncle Bert and farming and the ways things were then
and are now. Still, he had a clear, neutral look in his eyes.

Over lunch, we learned the Hermit was only seventy-one.  He had lived out here
since he was in his thirties.  We also learned he had a girlfriend, a waitress
named Gladys, who was in her thirties and worked at a small cafe about fifty
miles away. He had a motorcycle, a big new Harley, that he used to go back and
forth to Gladys' place. That was about all we had learned about him.

I wondered how he and Uncle Bert met.  Even more, I wondered why Uncle Bert
would trust the old codger with the final key to the formula.  Had I been less
anxious,  I would have marveled at this septuagenarian riding a hot Harley into
the nearest town to fuck a waitress forty years younger than he was.  Maybe that
was what he and Uncle Bert had in common.

Itwas about four when we finished eating and cleared the dishes. The Hermit led
us outside to a small patch of grass which served as his backyard.  The canyon
wall hid the sun, providing a welcome shade. He stretched out on the grass, a
toothpick in the corner of his mouth. In a moment, he was almost asleep.  The
three women sat in a manner as to not get their bare pussies on the dry grass,
all ending in a half  lying position.    I squatted down.

"Hermit?"

"I rest twenty minutes after each meal, boy. You just take it easy until I wake
up."

I wanted to strangle him but the devil dog again was pleading for me to be
patient. I lay down.  Andy immediately snuggled up against me, burrowing her
head into the crook of my arm.  It was the longest twenty minutes of my life
before I heard the old man yawn and stretch, signaling his awakening. He
scratched himself sleepily and staggered toward the outhouse.

"Hermit?"

"My bowels always work after my afternoon nap.  I will be back after a while."

Fifteen minutes later I was ready to knock down the outhouse and kill the old
man.  My patience had reached his limit.

"How long does it take to shit?" I mumbled under my breath.

Andy, as always beside me, stroked my arm and murmured a reassurance.  Mary was
watching me as if she were a mouse avoiding an insane and murderous cat. Lisa
was gently pulling on the chain connected to her pussy, getting herself hot. 
The Hermit's eyes never left Lisa as he walked back from the outhouse.

"Well, boy, let's talk a while," the Hermit said, sitting on the grass a few
feet away from me.  "I understand your Uncle Bert left you a lot of studying to
do.  All finished?"

"How did you know about that?"

"I know a lot.  Answer the question."

"I have read everything Uncle Bert left for me.  I completed every assignment. 
I have performed every task."

"Learn anything?"

I was dumbfounded.  What was this old fart doing wasting my time?

"Easy, Davy," Diablo whispered.  "I smell a trap."

"A lot.  I learned I want the formula a great deal."

"But, did you learn how to handle it?  How to program people in the right way?
How to use the power?"

"What is this programming?" Lisa asked.

Lisa was watching and listening intently.  Andy had a withdrawn, passive
expression which is the way Uncle Bert had programmed her to be whenever he, or
I, was working with another programmed kitten, or discussing the programming.

"She isn't programmed?" the Hermit asked, nodding toward Lisa.

"No."

"Well, honey, why are you here?"

Lisa turned a beet red, quivering slightly as if afraid.  But, subconsciously
her hand gently tugged on the chain between her legs, which sent shocks right
through her.

"I like being with Davy," she replied, the sex dripping from her voice.

"How about with me?  It has been a while since I had a young thing like
yourself."

Lisa jerked on the chain and whimpered. She wanted to be fucked and fucked now.

"Hermit, the formula!" I said.

His head snapped toward me, his eyes icy and bitter cold.  I had underestimated
him.  He was one tough old bird.

"We will do the formula on my time table, boy. It would not hurt you to be
polite."

"Placate him," Diablo whispered.

"Sorry, Hermit," I responded, trying to look contrite.

"You have three lovely women here.  How about sharing them with an old friend of
your father?"

Share them?  Of course, I would share them and I told him so.  He wiggled his
finger at Lisa, motioning her to come to him. She looked at me for approval,
which I gave. She crawled toward him on all fours. It was a sensuous, cat like
crawl, revealing her desire and enticing us males watching her. She stopped
beside him, moving into a kneeling position with her legs spread.

"These brad in her tongue.  Does it feel good when she sucks you?" he asked, his
thumb in her mouth, stroking her tongue jewelry.

"Yes.  Very much so."

"Well, I want to find out for myself."


To be continued . . .

Please!  Give me your comments.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com







MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 43 (the good guys)

Decision

When the Hermit said he wanted Lisa to suck his cock, we all froze, none of us
moving an inch.  Even the gentle thrusting of Lisa's hips and her sucking of the
Hermit's  thumb stopped. She popped his thumb from her mouth to stare at me.

We all realized where the Hermit was going with his conversation.  He would want
all of them. I began to shake as the sweat oozed from my pores. My pulse
accelerated, my head pounded.

While Lisa enjoyed being given to others, it had always been under my orders. 
Being ordered to do it released her desire so she could participate in wild sex
without guilt. Mary had been shared for her pleasure and mine, usually to reach
a specific goal rather than just for sex. She enjoyed it but could easily live
without it.  But, Andy had always been adamant that she was only for me.

But, what they wanted was not really relevant. What did I want?  Did I want the
formula more than I wanted them?  Which would you have wanted more?

"How many kittens do you have, Dave?" he asked in a pleasant, business like
tone. But, his eyes were not pleasant.  They were glacial pools.

"Three thousand."

"Three thousand.  Well, then, you would not miss three.  I tell you what. Give
me these three.  I mean give them to me permanently.  I will give you the
formula and you can leave now."

"Do it!" screamed Diablo in my head and my mouth opened but no sound was
emitted. I was sweating profusely now, with the dry desert air evaporating it
immediately, leaving my skin prickly. The war was being waged in my head for
control, control of me, and through me, of my kittens.  I felt slightly nauseous
and my knees were weak.

I saw the faces of my three women: two kittens programmed to obey, and one
slave, a volunteer wanting to belong to me.

In moments of great stress, time seems to stand still, or at least slow to a
snail's pace, so each and every nuance is clearly recorded and analyzed by your
brain. Time slowed now in that way.

Lisa, who was on her knees with her legs spread, dropped the chain attached to
her clit hood with which she had been stimulating herself.  Gracefully, she rose
and straightened her clothing while her eyes held mine. Her bell tinkled as it
fell between her calves, swinging from the chain.  She had a look of cold
resolve I had not seen from her in a while.

Mary had been kneeling by me. Her face had a sad expression, mouth tight, lips
compressed, as if locked in a deja vu which was painful.  I wondered if she had
gone through this hell with Uncle Bert and knew exactly what was inside me as
she always seemed to do.  She was slowly shaking her head, telling me not to do
it.

I stood and Andy stood with me. She pressed up against me, straddling my thigh.
I could feel her leg rubbing against my cock and my leg against her pubis. She
put her arms around my waist and buried her head in my shoulder, her golden hair
soft against my chin, her breasts soft on my chest. She squeezed me tightly,
holding on for dear life.  The Hermit still had those hard eyes locked on me.

Andy stepped back.  She had a worried, intense expression on her face.

"Sweetheart, are you thinking about accepting his offer?  I mean, are you
thinking of trading us for the formula?"

Was I thinking about it? Did I so want a formula allowing me to make any women a
kitten, any man a neutered lap cat, that I would trade all three of them, Andy,
Mary, and Lisa, for it? Diablo and the Doc were screaming in my brain, demanding
I take the formula, pushing my own natural self which would have taken the three
of them over the formula in a minute.

I am programmed to think rationally, clearly and deeply. My genes and my
upbringing are not of a power seeking nature, yet, I was considering it. Andy
could read that in my face.  I did not need to answer her.

"Oh, Davy. I am your woman, your kitten. Remember that first day we met?  I told
you I was going to be with you the rest of your life.  I said I would bear your
children.  I told you I would make you the happiest man on earth. Remember?"

"Yes."

"I meant it, sweetheart.  I am yours. I will do all those things for you, but I
will not be given away."

Her back was straight, chin set, eyes loving but unbendable.  Her resolve was
complete.  Like so many women, there was steel under the softness.  That
strength was showing through now.

"A woman is supposed to help her man, support him, stand by him in times of
troubles like these.  I have always stood by you.  I am standing by you now even
though you have been very mean to me the last few days.  I understand now why
you were mean and I forgive you."

She smiled lovingly and ignored my non responsiveness.

"Sweetheart, may I do something I think will help clear your head?"

The devil dog was screaming for me to say no. I shoved him back toward that dank
corner where he should always be and nodded my head affirmatively.

I have told you a lot about Andy and by now you know her almost as well as I do,
except I have the fun of actually experiencing her. She is a skier, an outdoors
type with a beautiful and strong body. She also has quick reflexes as you might
expect from someone so adept at skiing. I saw her hand move. I saw the tiny
shift of her weight from her heels to her toes.

My face felt like it had been stung by a thousand little ants as I fell back
from the force of her slap. I reached to rub my left cheek as my head rung and
my face throbbed. I saw the loving, caring laughter in her eyes and the wry
smile on her lips.

"Does that help clear the cobwebs, sweetheart, or should I slap you again? I
will do it if I think you need it."

"Not again," I replied, still rubbing my face.

"Please, one more.  You do deserve it."

I did deserve it but one was quite sufficient. It helped me lock the devil dog
in his cell in the back  of my mind.  For the first time in days, I saw what I
had.  I had treasures beyond the formula, treasures beyond what any other man
had.  I smiled at them. Lisa smiled back at me.

"I am not programmed.  I am here by choice.  I will not be given away," she said
softly.

"I am programmed but I have some free will. I will not be given away either,"
Mary said.

"What is your answer, Davy?" the Hermit barked.

I could not remember the last time I had a thought without Doc or Diablo
intervening. The raw compulsion for power had been eating at me and driving me. 
Oh, I still needed the formula to rescue Cathy but I would not let that need be
an excuse to obtain the formula for other purposes. That would be the power
controlling me. I took a deep breath, a long, deep breath of fresh, clean desert
air. I could feel the anxiety of the struggle flowing out of me like water from
a leaky bucket.

They all three came to me, surrounding me, bodies against mine, arms around me,
hands stroking and reassuring me, their warmth and softness engulfing me.

I felt my own ego reasserting itself, shoving aside the dark side of my being to
take control again.  I was reenergized as the weight of the power struggle
lifted away. But, the removal of that weight made me almost giddy.

I began to cry and they cried with me.  I felt their bodies shaking.  Their
tears wet my shirt as mine wet their hair.  Who says guys should not cry? This
was a good cry, a cleansing cry, reflecting the making of a decision and the
relief from stress and tension that decision afforded.

When my tears finally ceased to flow, Andy gently stroked my cheek where she had
slapped me.  She took the end of her golden hair and dabbed away my tears,
drying my face with her hair.  I kissed her long and slowly.  Then, I kissed
Mary and Lisa in the same way. I had not felt this good in weeks.

I had almost lost it.  I had been so close to doing the wrong thing.  You know
the elation you feel after some very difficult task in finished or difficult
decision is reached, and you feel so damn good about it and about yourself, you
could pop?  That is the way I felt at that moment.

No wonder Uncle Bert had been emphatic in cautioning me. I gained new respect
for him for having overcome his own devil dog. I pulled Mary's head back to look
into her tear streaked face. She was reading me and I could tell she believed it
was going to be okay now, that the good side of Dave Wilson had defeated the
bad. That alone gave me renewed confidence and vigor.

The Hermit was watching us quietly but the ice in his eyes had melted.

"Well, Davy.  Do we have a trade?"

"Hermit," I said. "Why don't you take the formula and shove it up your ass."

The pint sized old codger threw back his head and laughed, a deep, braying
sound. All of us stared at him as he doubled up in laughter. Wiping tears from
his eyes, he shook my hand as he grinned up at me.

"Bert was right.  You are a good boy, but, perhaps, I should say a good man. Why
don't you ask your ladies to wait inside? We need to talk, Dave."

"We can talk in front of them.  They have been programmed never to reveal
anything."

"Lisa is unprogrammed you said."

I looked down at her and she blushed hotly but did not look away. A slutty,
happy smile crossed her face.

"I would not mind being programmed if I will be like Mary.  Can I always stay
with you? Will you still give me to other guys some times?"

"If you like."

"I like," she said, reaching up to be kissed.

"You people wait here.  I will be right back," the Hermit said, walking away
from us.

He walked past his hut and toward a cut in the rock wall behind the corral. He
returned in two minutes, struggling to drag a small steel safe. I helped him
drag it to the grass area where the kittens waited. It had a combination lock
like any other safe.

"Well?" I asked.

"Hell, I don't know the damn combination.  I thought you did," the Hermit
growled.

"No, I don't.  Mary?" I asked looking at her.  She shook her head 'no.'

Andy slipped off her T-shirt, then unzipped her skirt and let if flutter to the
ground, leaving herself naked. Slowly, sexily, she turned clockwise letting us
see all of her body.  This kitten who was embarrassed to be seen scantily
dressed was now showing herself off undressed all the way.

"Hot damn, that is some woman," the Hermit muttered under his breath.

I had to agree. Andy was something.  She turned back counterclockwise, then
clockwise again.  She  redressed as quickly as she had undressed.

"Why did you do that, Andy?"

"Do what, sweetheart?" she replied innocently.

Bingo.  But, you probably figured it out before I did.  Leave it to an old tom
cat like Uncle Bert to devise a combination based on his favorite numbers. I
turned the dial on the safe.  Thirty-five right. Twenty-three left.  Thirty-six
right. I clicked the handle.  The safe door swung open.

Inside was a wooden, hay lined box, the kind used to ship the most expensive
wine. It contained a one liter bottle of a clear liquid.  There was also a
typewritten note.  It read:

"Davy,

Congratulations.  You are at the end of your search. By now, you have wrestled
with the moral and ethical ramifications of the formula, which to me is much
more difficult than the chemistry.  I hope you have a great deal more respect
for power, any power but particularly this power, then you did before I sent you
on this treasure hunt.

I know you are in control of your own desires for power or you would not be
reading this. I had built into the Hermit, Mary and Andy safeguards which would
have kept you from your goal had you not won that fight.  I did not tell you
about that additional programming, did I?  Well, sue me.

One of those safeguards was the Hermit offering to trade the formula for Mary
and Andy. This was a test he and I agreed to give you. Obviously, you passed.

Understand! The fight is not over!  You have won for now but the devil dog will
be back and you will need to fight him again and again.  It gets easier each
time, believe me. Having two loving and wonderful women close to you will be a
great help, I assure you.

You cannot program yourself to avoid the devil dog.  Do not even try.  You must
control power and to do that you must be unprogrammed in regards to it. Realize
you must have and use power to maintain the kittens and your lifestyle.  While
'absolute power corrupts absolutely' is a true maxim, it is also true that
'power abhors a vacuum'. If you do not use your power to direct and manage
yourself, your kittens and your estate, someone else will step in to control
them and you.   How do you think dictatorships get started?

I programmed Andy to slap you for shock effect if she thought you needed it. If
she did, blame it on me.  No.  Blame it on yourself because you deserved it.

I programmed Mary with the possible ramifications of your behavior throughout
the treasure hunt so she could help you reach my goal for you by predicting your
decisions and actions. She was unaware of this programming, of course. She
probably thought she could read your mind and you may have thought the same
thing.

By the way, I have experimented with mind reading from the programming but
without success. I have had small success directing an unprogrammed person by
concentrating my thoughts on them, which is mind control of a different kind.  I
do not know how well this would work ultimately.

Son, as I write this, I am a little blue. When you read it, you will be enjoying
all those delicious kittens and I will dead as a mackerel with the worms eating
my bones. The power did not extend my life one minute.  Stop reading this now. 
Take Mary in your arms and give her a big, strong kiss. Play with her ass as you
do.  She likes that.  Tell her it is from me."

Mary looked surprised when I pulled her into my arms. She responded quickly, her
arms around my neck as she hungrily returned the kiss. I took one of her
wonderful ass cheeks in each hand, kneading them as we raped each other's mouth.
When I told her it was from Uncle Bert, she burst into tears.  Lisa and Andy
began to cry with her, tears of sympathy running down their faces. Even the
Hermit shed a tear, although the tough, old, boot turned away, hoping we would
not see him.  I did not return to the note until Mary had been comforted and
quieted.

"God, I love that woman.  But, I loved a lot of them, didn't I?  I did love
them, you know.  And, you must love them, too.

Now, the rest of the formula is on the attached sheet.  The bottle contains one
liter of the formula.  Since a dose is fifty cubic centimeters, you have enough
to program twenty people. That should tide you over until you can digest the
formula, assemble the components and replicate the chemical.

Since you have never programmed anyone, I suggest you have a long talk with Mary
and Andy about it. As you know, Mary is aware of her programming, was present
when I programmed some of the other kittens, and can discuss it freely.

Andy, however, is unaware.  She is programmed to go into a trance during which
she remembers nothing when programming is discussed in her presence. To change
that, perform the following steps. With your cock in her, program her to purr
like a kitten. As she is purring say 'Andy, programming access to full knowledge
levels. Discussion mode. Begin.'  She will be aware she had been programmed and
of the impact of the programming on her.  She will be able to discuss it freely,
just as Mary is.  At this point, her programming will appear to be the same as
Mary's but it will not be.  Mary has free will. Andy does not.  She will just be
aware of everything resulting from her programming and be able to discuss it.

She will remain in this mode, that is aware of her programming and that of
others, until you cancel it.  That command follows. Again, while you are fucking
her and she is purring, say 'Andy, programming access. Terminate discussion
mode. Return to normal programming. Terminate now.'

The Hermit is not programmed but he does not need to be.  You can trust him with
your life.

Well, I guess that is just about everything.  I wish I was there with you. Do me
a favor, will you?    Some time you will have children. Have a lot of them!  I
hope Andy bears some of them for you. I think that adorable little kitten will
have beautiful little kittens of her own. Anyway, the favor. Tell them about me,
about their grandfather.  Tell them he wanted to be there to see them grow but
it was not in God's plan.

Say hello to the Hermit for me and tell Mary and Andy I love them. I love you,
too, son.  May God bless and keep you.  Dad."

 To be continued . . .

Please!  Give me your comments.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com






MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 44 (Voy, MF Rom)

Hen Party

I read over the note from Uncle Bert again as the others waited patiently. Then,
I reviewed the formula in depth.  I was very pleased I was so close to having
the answer myself. If I had continued working on it, I probably would have
achieved the result in less than a month. I put the note and the formula back in
their envelope and in the safe.

"Mary. Andy.  Uncle Bert says to tell you he loves you. Hermit, Bert says
hello."

The kittens smiled sadly.

"A hello from a dead man.  Don't that beat all?  Now, what are you going to do?"

"I want to program Lisa before we start back.  I would like to do it here, if
you don't mind."

"Hell, no.  Go ahead.  If you don't need me, I am going to see Gladys.  All
these half naked women you brought with you have me as horny as a two peckered
goat."

The Hermit showed us how to use his few appliances and told us to make ourselves
at home.  The sun was low on the horizon but his batteries were fully charged
and we could cook as we wanted.  We followed him to the cut behind his hut where
he had a well hidden cave.  In it were supplies, equipment, and a big Harley. 
He pushed the Harley out, started it and bid us goodbye.

After watching him guide it through the cut by which we originally entered, I
led the ladies back into the hut.  Mary distributed soft drinks and we sat on
the rug in the center of the room.

"Kittens, Uncle Bert suggested before I program anyone that I learn about the
effects of programming from Mary and Andy. So, why don't we have a discussion to
help me before I program Lisa."

"What are you talking about, Davy?"  Andy asked.

"You will see."

"Do you want me to leave?"  Lisa asked.

"No.  This will give you a chance to input your ideas on your programming before
I do it."

She squeezed my hand and smiled at me.

"Thanks, Davy. Or, do I have to call you master?"

"No, kitten-to-be.  Just Davy. Now, let's get naked."

In a flash, all four of us were naked.  I removed the chain from Lisa to stop
the tinkling of the bell.

"Andy, I want to fuck you first."

"What if I don't want to fuck you?  Oh, don't look so hurt.  I was teasing. Come
on."

She took my hand, pulling me on top of her, spreading her legs around me. She
guided my cock to her entrance.

"Slowly, sweetheart.  I am still a little sore."

Mary and Lisa were watching with smiles on their faces. They recognized the
contradiction as well as I did.  She was very modest, except when I asked for
her.  Then, she was totally open and willing.  Not a bad situation, eh?

As I slipped into her, I whispered, "Quiet, little kitten."  She immediately
began to purr as she moved under me. I whispered in her ear again.

"Andy, programming access to full knowledge levels. Discussion mode. Begin."

She stopped moving.  She had a blank expression on her face.  I pulled out and
set back down, letting my cock soften.  We were all watching Andy. She just lay
there, not moving except for her eyelids which were blinking rapidly. Finally,
she set up, sitting crossed legged.

"I am a programmed sex slave?"

"Yes, honey," Mary answered.

"But, I love Davy.  Don't I?  Or, am I programmed that way?"

"You love me. And, I love you."

She nodded but it was clear her mind was reeling from all this new knowledge.
The rest of us waited as Andy tried to digest the information the change in her
programming opened to her.  Finally, she shook her head as if trying to clear
it.

"Why was I programmed?"

"Maybe I better start at the beginning," Mary said, patting Andy's leg motherly.
"You were thirteen when Bert came into our lives.  I was working as a clerk at
the department store when he came in to buy a new coat. There was something
about him.  The moment I saw him I knew I would fuck him if he asked.  And, if
he did not ask, I would ask him."

Mary laughed self-consciously and looked away.  I noticed Andy and Lisa were
becoming entranced by the story. I moved out of the circle inconspicuously and
the three of them moved closer together.

"Andy, I was worried sick about you.  You were as sexy a young girl as I had
ever seen."

"Me?  How?"

"Oh, baby, you were delicious.  Already you had thirty-four inch hips with that
jutting ass of yours.  Your breasts were B-cups and growing. It was more than
that. You dressed sexily.  You walked sexily. Everything about you yelled 'fuck
me'. I had already caught you playing sixty-nine with Jean.  Remember her?  And,
it was not just Jean. More than once, you came home with girly juices on your
face."

"Wow.  I did not remember before, but now that you mention it."  Andy got a sexy
smile remembering.  I could tell she had enjoyed Jean.  I had wondered if Andy's
sex with other women was for my benefit or hers.  I just found out.

"The boys followed you around like love sick puppies.  But, the boys did not
frighten me.  It was the men. I knew it would not be long until one of them took
you. Then, I caught you with Matt.  You were sucking his cock.  When I told you
to stop and come home, he threatened me."

"He threatened you?  The bastard!  What happened then?"

"You finished sucking him, letting him cum in your mouth and swallowing it like
a pro.  It was as sensual a blow job as I had ever seen.  You obviously enjoyed
it very much.  You told Matt to . . . "

"I remember.  I told him to come over that night and I would fuck him while you
watched.  Gosh, Mom, that was really arrogant of me."

"You were very arrogant sexually.  You knew you were something very, very
special and you planned to use it just as you wanted."

"I don't remember Matt coming over. What happened?"

"I will get to that. Bert was at our house when we got home.  I fell into his
arms, crying about what you were doing.  He told me to let him handle it. He
programmed you then, right on the spot. He programmed you to be innocent and
forget about sex until he brought it up again. He also programmed you to study
very hard, to avoid drugs, to be positive and happy and sweet."

There were tears in Mary's eyes and an angelic expression on her face as she
related Andy's tale to her.  Lisa's expression was maternal as she patted Mary
on the leg lovingly.  Andy and Lisa were holding hands.

"Would it have been so bad if Matt had fucked me?"

"Oh, Andy.  You were thirteen.  Matt was thirty-two and a drug dealer."

"He was?"

"Yes.  He would have addicted you to drugs.  You would have ended up as a
cocaine whore somewhere. Honey, you were my little girl.  I wanted to protect
you.  I wanted the best for you."

"What happened then?" Lisa interjected, totally wrapped up in the story.

"When Matt came over, he was intent on fucking Andy if he had to kill me to do
it. By then, Andy was programmed so she would do exactly what Bert said. Before
Matt arrived, Bert had us both strip and kneel on the floor with our hands tied
behind us. Matt could not believe his eyes when he saw us there bound and ready. 
Bert told Matt he was fucking us both and offered us to him."

"But?"

"Let me finish. 'Real men relish these times, Matt.  Let's have a drink and a
cigar while these two sluts wait on us to fuck them,' Bert said.  Of course, the
programming chemical was in the drink Bert gave him.  You asked what happened to
Matt, Andy.  He turned state's evidence.  It was the biggest drug bust ever in
the Rocky Mountains.  In return for his testimony, he got no jail time, but
Bert's programming had taken care of that.  Matt is a monk at a monastery in
Oregon, pledged to vows of chastity, poverty and silence."

"Matt? A monk?  He must have been programmed.  But, Mom, were you programmed?"

"No, not then. Bert and I had been dating only about three weeks.  He had fucked
me that first night I met him and regularly since then.  Andy, I knew I was
desperately in love with him.  I would have done anything for him. Then, I saw
what he had done for you, to protect you and keep you from harm's way. That made
me love him even more.  That night, the night you were programmed, Bert finished
with Matt and sent him into Denver to turn himself over to the authorities.  You
were sound asleep in your bed.  I asked Bert about it.

He told me about his discovery of the chemical.  He already had more than a
thousand women programmed to be his kittens.  'Do you plan to program me,' I
asked?  'Yes, and I want to do it now'."

"Did you let him?"

"I loved him so much I would have done anything. But, I wanted to be programmed
by him.  I wanted to belong to him. I was not programmed like you.  That first
night he just programmed me so I could never betray him. He also programmed me
to know exactly how and when I was programmed and to be programmed on voice
command rather than taking the chemical."

"If I was programmed to not think about or have sex, how did I end up with him. 
I remember him taking me."

"He changed your programming several times, to allow for changing conditions,
such as sex and Davy."

"The first time Bert took me, in your bed with you there beside me, did you mind
him taking me?"

"No. Well, not eventually.  At first, I resisted.  But, Andy, you were almost
seventeen and so sexually attractive, I could not really blame him. The man had
waited four years and it was not easy waiting. Sometimes you would wander into
our bedroom wearing your little baby doll pajamas...."

Andy giggled, remembering the effect that had on Uncle Bert.

".... and, I enjoyed sex so much, I wanted you to be able to enjoy it, too.
Before he took you, we discussed it and he gave me time to get you on the pill. 
Bert was a very caring man."

The three of them were all cross legged on the floor, knees touching knees,
hands often reaching to stroke another's arm or leg reassuringly. They had
forgotten I was there. I was an unknown voyeur listening to three women talk
about sex.

"So, you enjoy sex, huh, Mom. How much do you enjoy it?" Andy said with a leer.

Mary blushed, the red starting on her stomach and spreading over her breasts to
her face.

"A whole lots.  Before Bert, I."

"Come on, Mom."

"Before Bert, I fucked any man any time I wanted.  And, I wanted a lot."

"Not you!"

"Yes, Andy.  Me.  Oh, that is not bad.  But, I was always very careful and
discrete."

"But, I only want one man, Davy.  Is that me or my programming?"

"Both.  Bert programmed you to belong to Davy, to be his happy, positive sex
slave.  That was not changing your personality.  It was directing it toward
Davy.  But, honey, after I met Bert, I only really wanted one man.  Bert was all
I needed."

"Did you have anyone else after you met Bert?"

"Yes, but only with his knowledge and permission. Bert and I would go to orgies,
or swap partners occasionally. I enjoyed it because it was good sex. You see, if
Bert and I agreed I would have another man or woman, it was not cheating.  Had I
cheated on Bert, I could not have enjoyed it no matter how good the man was."

"I understand that," Lisa contributed.  "I love Davy giving me to other guys. 
If I was doing it on my own, it would not be any fun."

"Why not?"

"Guilt, I guess. Having to do it because your man orders you to is so
delightful."

"Is it more fun than fucking your man?"

"Different kind of fun," Mary said.

"When your man gives you to another man, it is like pleasing both of them and
yourself," Lisa said.

"I am programmed to belong to Davy.  I wonder what I would have done it on my
own?"

"The same thing," Mary replied without hesitation.

"What makes you so sure?"

"First, I know you, programmed and unprogrammed.  Second, Bert left a window in
your programming, a way I could talk to you about men or other important things.
You told me you loved him."

I could see Andy's brow wrinkle in concentration.

"I remember now. The key phrase is 'Andy.  It is time for a mother-daughter
chat'.  And, I remember telling you I loved Davy. Know what, Mom?  Bert
programmed me to tell him, too. I did it, on our San Francisco trip.  It must be
true that I love him."

Andy was introspective, her eyes seeing things in her head. She looked happy and
I hoped that happiness was thinking about how she loved me.  Then, she got that
mischievous smile again.

"Mom, how many men have you fucked?"

"Andy!"

"Well, we are being open here, aren't we?"

"Yes, Mary, how many men have you fucked?"  Lisa asked.

"Oh, my.  I have lost count. Three hundred maybe and as many women."

"Six hundred! I feel like I have missed something.  I have had two men and just
a few women.  How about you, Lisa?"

"I had four guys before Davy.  And, you were my first woman, Andy."

"But, you have been making up for lost time."

"Yes.  And, it had been wonderful."

"Maybe I should ask Davy to give me to someone else?"

"It isn't that wonderful.  What you have with him is very special and having
another man would destroy it, particularly if you asked for sex with someone
else.  He would always wonder.  I know Bert did, as much as we loved each
other."

Mary's response seemed to please Andy, as if it confirmed what she believed,
said what she wanted to hear.

"Lisa, if you were dating Davy, why did you have sex with someone else?"

Thank you, Mary, I thought, for asking that question.

"I wanted him to demand of me, to do, well, to do what he has been doing. He was
so sweet.  I knew I needed something more compelling, more demanding. When I
found a guy who was rough, controlling, I went to bed with him."

"I like his sweetness.  I find it very sexy."

"Me, too, Andy, but I get what I need from him now.  I like being a slave."

Lisa sighed.

"Do you like a man who is rough, Mom?"

"Occasionally, but if I wanted it full time, I would have stayed with your
father."

"My father?  You never talk about him."

"Well, it was not pleasant.  He was handsome, with a nice sized cock and he
could fuck all night.  But, he was boorish and rude.  And, he was abusive,
Andy."

"Oh, Mom, I am so sorry for you."

"Don't be.  I got you from him.  I never have to see him again and I do not want
to think about him."

"Who was the best lover you ever had, Mary?"

"Bert. And, Davy.  They are a lot alike, you know. For me, there was something
special about Bert.  Love, I guess.  But, I love Davy, too, in a different way."

"I love him all the way.  I could not imagine a more thrilling man."

Oh, yes, my ego soared with that comment.

"Davy is my favorite, too."

Thank you, Lisa.  They all waited in silence but their hands were touching each
other in a caring and non-sexual way.  I must admit all this sex talk between
three beautiful and naked women had sex in the forefront of my mind. Lisa
brought the subject back to what I was waiting to hear.

"Mary, if you were I, would you let yourself be programmed?"

"Yes.  I told you I wanted to be programmed."

"Would you change it in anyway?"

"No."

"How about you, Andy?"

"Well, I just learned tonight I was programmed.  But, what would I change? I
love him.  I love my life.  I will admit I am enjoying knowing my history and
filling in all the blanks that were in my memory for those years.  I might ask
him to leave me like this."

"Do you think he will program me so let me enjoy what I have been enjoying? I
mean, other guys?"

"I think so, Lisa," Mary responded.  "Just ask him."

"It is frightening, isn't it?  To know that by tomorrow I will be a programmed
slave, my sexuality controlled by someone else, even though my master will be
the man I would have chosen for myself. It is like jumping into a deep canyon
when you cannot even see the bottom."

"It is worth it, Lisa.  Believe me," Mary said, stroking Lisa's cheek.

I had been thinking about how I was going to structure my life and how I was
going to program my kittens.  I even thought about whom else I wanted as a
kitten.

I knew what I was going to do, how I was going to program Lisa.

What would you do?


To be continued . . .

Please! Give me your comments.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com






MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 45 (MFFF, MC Rom)

Programming Lisa

The three of them were sitting, holding hands.  Then, Andy looked at me,
realized I was there, and blushed.

"He is watching us," she whispered.

All three of them looked at me with sheepish expressions.  I grinned at them and
rose to go outside to retrieve the liter bottle of chemical and the measuring
cup.  When I returned, I poured fifty cubic centimeters into the cup and set it
down.

"Andy and Mary, go outside and wait.  I will call you when I am ready."

After they left, I motioned Lisa to come to me. She crawled sexily, stopping to
kneel in front of me. Then, she shivered as if someone had put ice on her neck. 
Goose bumps broke out on her arms.

"Are you going to do it now?" she asked, her tone apprehensive.

"Yes.  Do you have any requests?"

"Oh, Davy, I am afraid.  I have changed my mind.  I don't want to be programmed. 
Just let me be a slave.  Please!"

"Lisa, I won't hurt you, but, I am going to program you."

Lisa jumped up and backed away, looking terribly frightened. Tears ran down her
cheeks as wrung her hands.  I realized then only rarely would someone easily
surrender such deep control of themselves.  I called Mary and Andy back into the
hut. When I picked up the rope the Hermit had rolled by the door, Lisa began to
resist. She was a handful but three of us overpowered her.

When we finished, Lisa was bound with her ankles and knees tied together, her
arms tied behind her at wrists and elbows.  She was in a kneeling position. I
pulled her hair, bringing her head down until it touched the floor. Andy lay
across her, pinning her to the floor. Mary held her hair, keeping her head back.

"I love you, Lisa.  I am not going to hurt you.  I am going to program you to be
my kitten," I said.

I was trying to ease her anxiety but it helped little, if at all.  On my
instruction, Mary used thumb and forefinger to seal Lisa's nose. When Lisa
opened her mouth to breathe, I grabbed her chin and held her mouth open as I
poured the chemical down her.  She choked and gasped as she was forced to
swallow the formula.

Her body went limp and her eyes glazed over in that trance look I had seen so
many times with Mary and Andy. I was ready to program.

Have you decided what your programming of Lisa would be?  I had and this is how
I did it.

"Lisa, I am Davy, your man and your master.  You will belong to me, be my
devoted kitten, as I call my slaves.  You will love me with all your heart and
mind, as you hoped in your wildest dreams you would some day love a man. You
will be loyal, devoted and caring, wishing only the best for me. You want to see
me happy.

You know I love you. You have no doubt as to my love or caring for you. My love
for you is what you can always rely on.

You will never reveal your programming or your status as my kitten to anyone,
but you will be aware of it. Being programmed will be natural to you.  You will
understand its benefits and welcome it. You will protect and preserve the status
and integrity of our relationship.

I can alter your programming at any time by giving you the command 'Kitten Lisa.
Programming adjustment.'  Programming will be complete both this time and in the
future when I say, 'Kitten Lisa. Programming terminated.' You will then follow
your new commands. No other person may change your programming.

Any time you wish something, you may come to me and seek it. Even if it is
buried in your subconscious, you can relate it to me.  This and all such changes
are always done in private.

You enjoy being owned, being a kitten.  You enjoy sex with me and with anyone
else, male or female, I order you to be with.  You take pride in your body and
your sexual skills.

You will continue to enjoy your humiliation at being made to perform wild sexual
acts.  You will remember this enjoyment, this humiliation. Each time you are
humiliated makes you want it more.  However, it is always under your control
unless I release it.

Usually you will act normally. By that, I mean as you acted unprogrammed. This
is called your normal mode.  In addition, you have two other modes. One is the
classy mode, in which you are a classy, but not haughty, lady.  The last is the
slut mode.  I activate the classy mode by saying,  'Kitten Lisa, classy mode.' 
I activate the slut mode by saying, 'Kitten Lisa, slut mode.' Or I activate the
slut mode by calling you a slut. In the slut mode, you will be a wild, slutty,
wanton woman, which humiliates you further but makes you want to be even
sluttier.

When I say, 'Kitten Lisa, slut mode terminated' or 'Kitten Lisa, classy mode
terminated', you will return to the normal mode. I can also terminate either
mode by saying 'act normal' which tells you to return to the normal mode.

You are a loving, kind, caring woman who enjoys life, works hard to keep herself
in physical, mental and emotional condition, is very happy to be my kitten, and,
above all, loves, trusts, and wishes to please me.

Kitten Lisa, programming terminated."

Lisa's eyes began to flutter and she groaned slightly.  Andy and Mary removed
the ropes which bound her.  I helped her to her feet. She collapsed against me
so I carried her to the Hermit's bed and laid her down.

I know you can see why I programmed her that way.  I would not want all my
kittens to be the same. Not only was Lisa different from Mary and Andy
physically, she acted differently, too. I liked her submissive, slutty nature
and wished to preserve and enhance it.

Mary, Andy and I went outside.  The desert at night is always cool.  I got a few
goose bumps from the temperature before I adjusted to it.  It was a beautiful
night, with stars in the sky and a bright moon overhead.

"Well done, Davy," Mary said.  "You can change her as you need to. Well, you
have three of us now.  And, all the others Bert programmed."

"I never did understand why Uncle Bert programmed all those kittens with such
limited capabilities," I said.

"I know," Mary replied.  "If they were only for him, he would have to keep them
all satisfied. No one man could please 3,000 women."

"I plan to operate differently than Uncle Bert."

"How, sweetheart?" Andy asked.

"Rather than have 3,000 women whom I only fuck once a lifetime, I plan to have
ten to twenty who live with me full time and are always there for me."

"Like having multiple wives?"  Mary asked.

"Yes.  That is a good analogy.  A better analogy would be like having a harem."

"Oh.  Do I get to wear those sexy harem clothes?" Andy teased, rubbing up
against me.

"If you are good."

"Good?  I am always great," she growled, nibbling at my lip.

"So, ten to twenty of us.  And, now, you have only three.  Can you handle that
many?" Mary said.

When I gave her a questioning look, she blushed and murmured, "I did not mean to
challenge your manhood, but we kittens like to be fucked regularly. Look at Lisa
and how much she enjoyed the gangbang.  Or me, when you swapped me to the
sorority so you could reach the goals Bert set for you.  I am sorry.  Is my
apology accepted?"

"Apology not necessary," I replied.

I did not feel threatened.  Mary had raised a legitimate question. If I had
twenty and fucked, say, three a day, that would mean each kitten would only get
laid once a week. I could program them to find that perfectly acceptable, but
did I want to?

I guess if I was really into the control issue, there would be no decision. The
kittens would have to be pleased with me alone.  But, I liked these women.  I
wanted them to enjoy themselves.  I decided to rethink my plan for the future.

"I don't care how many you have as long as I am always number one,"  Andy said,
wrapping her arms around me. This really pleased me.  As you remember, Andy was
still in the mode of knowing all the details and ramifications of her
programming, so this came from her and not her programming.

"How about me?" Mary asked her daughter.

"You are number one after me, Mom," Andy replied with a giggle.

"What are you going to do with the 3,000?"

"I don't even know who they are.  If I ever find out, I will see if I want to
enjoy any of them.  If I really like them, I might make them a harem kitten."

"What about Cathy?" Mary asked and "What other changes will you make?" Andy
asked, simultaneously.

"You will see.  Now, let's check on Lisa."

As we turned to go into the adobe hut, we heard the roar of the Harley coming
toward us.  The bright headlight pierced the darkness as the Hermit rode into
sight.  We waited for him.

"How was Gladys?" I asked, after he had garaged his bike in the cave and
returned to us.

"Fabulous. But, now I need to get some sleep."

"We are going to hit the road, Hermit.  Thanks for everything," I said, shaking
his hand.  Uncle Bert was truly lucky to have such a devoted friend.

"Vaya con dias, Davy."

After saying our fond farewells, I told my kittens to dress, loaded up and
headed out. I drove with Andy next to me.  She had the seat back and was fast
asleep.  Mary and Lisa were in the back asleep at we slowly bumped our way back
toward civilization.  When I had driven in, I had made sure I remembered every
turn and bump so I could get out. It was a slow drive.  The bright moon and
stars guided us through the cool desert night.  We made it just fine.

Daylight found us speeding north on I-25 toward home. I stopped at a diner, fed
us all a big breakfast of eggs, bacon, sausage, toast and milk, and pumped Mary
full of coffee.  When we hit the road again, Andy and I were in back, Mary was
driving and Lisa riding in the front beside her.

Andy was sitting with her back to the door, so she faced me. Her right leg was
extended as she rubbed her toes against my leg. Her left leg was on the seat,
knee bent.  With her short skirt and no panties, she was flashing her bare pussy
at me.  She would watch me out of the corner of her eye, making sure I saw her.
Then, she would move to push her skirt between her legs and hide herself. When I
looked away, she would move again, so I could see her pussy. Teasing little
bitch, isn't she?  Isn't it nice?

I took her hands in mine.

"I am sorry I was mean to you.  You did not deserve it.  Will you forgive me?"

"I told you I forgave you.  And, I meant it."

"Come to me."

She crawled into my lap. I tilted her head back and kissed her, feeling her
weight and warmth.  I also felt my cock stirring in my trousers.  So did she.

"How about a quickie?" she murmured.

She giggled as her hands were busy stroking and tantalizing me. Her expression
had that eager and happy look I so loved, but, I loved all her looks.

"Someone might see us."

"Who cares?" she whispered, kissing me hard, her tongue down my throat.  She
started to unbutton my shirt.

"Oh, just a minute," she said.  She started rummaging through her purse,
retrieving a small package of pills.

"What are those?" I asked.

"My birth control pills.  I forgot to take one this morning."

"Let me have them."

She handed them to me. I rolled down the window and threw them out.  Quickly
crawling over me, she stuck her head out the window and watched them sail away. 
She sat back, staring at me.  How I wished I could have had a video of all the
expressions which crossed her face. At first, she was stunned and
uncomprehending. Then, knowledge of what happened.  Disbelief. Fear, as if she
were afraid she did not know why I had done it. Love and warmth.  Tears forming
in her eyes.

"Davy, if we have sex, I will get pregnant.  I will be carrying your child. I
will have your child, Davy."

"Yes.  That is the reason I threw them away.  I want you pregnant.  I want you
to have my child."

Women are mysterious creatures.  She curled up in my arms and began to cry.

To be continued . . .

Please!   Give me your comments.

E-mail address:  ezriter@hotmail.com






MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 46 (MF+, MC, road trip)

Jewelry

The big Suburban hummed north on Interstate 25, heading for Denver where we
would pick up I-70 west to Vail. Mary was driving with Lisa riding shotgun.
Andy was curled in my lap, her crying spent and the tears of joy drying on
her face.

"I can't believe you threw my birth control pills away like that.  Are you
sure, Davy?"

"Very sure, Andy."

"You know that makes me the happiest woman in the world, don't you?"

What gentle, loving eyes.  What a soft, feeling touch was her hand on my
cheek. How could a woman express love more than Andy was at that moment?

"I hope so.  It makes me the happiest man,"  I answered, taking her hand to
gently kiss her palm.

She started to squirm, drawing her arm up and slipping it out of the arm of
the T-shirt she wore.

"What are you doing?"

"Getting undressed.  I want to be fucked.  I am ready to start on that
baby."

"You could get out of my lap.  It would be easier."

"It is more fun this way," she whispered.

It was more fun.  Each movement as she squirmed to undress caused her to rub
some delightful part of her delightful body against some part of my body
which always liked rubbing against her. She squirmed and twisted and the
skirt moved down her legs. Naked now, she finished unbuttoning my shirt with
one hand as the other held my neck so she could nibble on my lips and chin.
As always, I had programmed my cock to let him do his own thinking.  He was
screaming for release from my trousers.

Lisa had turned around to watch us. She had that needy look, indicating her
own desire to be fucked. Mary would glance at us occasionally in the rear
view mirror.

"There are trucks on this highway that will be able to see you two," Mary
said.

Nobody answered her. I lifted my hips as Andy tugged my jeans over my hips
and down my legs.

"Let's start this way," Andy murmured and slipped to the floor to take my
cock in her mouth. Lisa and I groaned simultaneously.

Mary clicked on the radio.  I had thought we were going to have a little
fucking music but she had turned on the CB radio where all the truckers
talk.

"And, so I plan to stop down here a ways and fill up, Belle. Care to stop
with me."

"Negative, Red Ace. I."

"Breaker, breaker.  Jesus Christ! There is a red Suburban heading north and
some blonde is naked and blowing a guy in the back seat. Holy shit, what a
body!"

"Where are you?"

"Eight miles north of Pueblo, heading north. Damn! They are driving right
beside me.  I think they want me to see. Jesus! She is deep throating him!
Oh, no. They are speeding off."

"Was that you, Reno Bob?"

"Roger."

"I am just a mile ahead of you. I can see them coming now. They are flying."

"Get your glasses clean. You won't believe this."

"They are slowing down. Bob, you were right. That blonde is something.  She
is bent over him with her head in his lap. What an ass! Damn, there they go
again."

Mary, Lisa and I were all giggling from the conversation of the truckers
over the CB.  Andy was in her own world, enjoying the feel of my cock in
her.

"Kitten Lisa, slut mode," I said.

"Texas Slim here. They are beside me now.  The blonde is pushing his legs
together. She is
lowering herself on his cock. No. Heading toward you, Bubba."

"This is Bubba.  Here they come!  Almost along side. Almost. Dammit, come
on. They are right beside me now. The guy has rolled the blonde over. Her
legs are spread with her feet on the overhead. He is fucking the shit out of
her. I can see her face.  Guys, she looks like an angel but she damn sure
ain't acting like no angel.  Damn, he is fucking her. I wish I was him and
he had a feather stuck up his ass.  We both would be tickled to death."

"Bubba, quit the cornball jokes and."

"Jesus, Mary and Joseph.  Did you guys see the brunette in front? She has
taken her T-shirt off. She is leaning out the window, holding her tits up to
me, with a big fuck-me smile on her face.  Nice tits! Her nipples got rings
in them. She is twisting the nipple rings. Oh, I think I can hear her
moaning. Christ almighty, I am hard as a rock and I don't get back to my old
lady for five more days. No.  Goddamn.  They sped off. They are coming your
way, Fresno."

We could here the trucker breathing into his microphone as he waited for us
to catch up to him, like some demented phone caller.

"I'm looking for them."

"Man.  You should have seen that sight."

"Here they are. Slowing down right by me.  The blonde is on top again.
Shit! She waved at me. All of them waved and that slut brunette blew me a
kiss.   The guy's cock is still in the blonde. I can see her slit with his
cock in it. Damn! There they go."

"This is Woolly Bugger.  I see them coming. They're with me.  Oh, man.  The
blonde has her eyes closed.  Her back is arched.  What a smile. Lord, lord,
lord.  The brunette has her feet up on the dash.  She is fingering herself.
That hot little bitch is grinning at me as she plays with herself."

"You rubes are so pathetic."

"Belle, you old dyke, you know good and goddamned well you like to watch as
much as we do."

"Red Ace, if that old rig you are driving can get up here, I will stop and
whip your ass."

"You two can bitch at each other later.  Where are they?"

"This is Woolly Bugger.  They are heading toward you, Belle."

"Here they come.  They are slowing down right beside me. They."

There was a long silence on the air.

"Belle?  Come back, Belle."

"What the hell happened to Belle?"

"Shit, Bubba.  You don't think she ran off the road, do you?"

"Belle?  God dammit, talk, woman!"

"Belle here."

Her voice sounded empty and far away, as if she had been stunned.

"What happened, Belle?"

"They came along side.  The blonde was riding his cock and the brunette
riding his face.  The girls were kissing and playing with each other. Then,
they started cumming. The two gals and the guy, all cumming at once.  I
could see their faces.  I could see everything.  I am going to stop up here
at the rest stop if anybody wants to join me."

"Count me in, Belle," Bubba said.

"Me, too," one of the other truckers chorused.

The CB went dead, silent except for bursts of static.  The three of us must
have been too much for them to think about.  I wondered how many of them
were going to stop with Belle.  I wished we could stop and watch Belle take
on the guys.  I wondered what she looked like and how she looked when she
was getting fucked.  Too bad we could not stop with them.  I guess I would
just have to imagine them.

My kittens were giggling and happy.  Only Mary had missed out on an orgasm.
Since she was driving, I was glad she did not have one.  That really would
be sex to die from.

Mary clicked off the CB and turned on the FM.  Andy had already put on her
T-shirt and skirt.
As I lay naked in the big storage area in the Suburban, she pushed me on my
back, crawled over me, and guided me into her again. She scissored her legs
together, trapping my cock, buried her head in my shoulder and sighed
happily.  Lisa crawled back beside us, one hand on my leg, the other up
Andy's skirt playing with her.

We rolled into the southern outskirts of Denver later in the day to fill up
with gas and burgers. Needless to say, the truck stop where we ate was
buzzing about the red Suburban and its occupants.  We got a lot of looks,
but no one said a word to us. Of course, since all three kittens were
wearing T-shirts and short skirts, without bras or panties, we would have
gotten a lot of looks if we had eaten at a monastery.

I noticed Andy acted embarrassed to be seen that way, still demonstrating
her delightful
contradiction of emotions. Lisa flashed several guys before I remembered she
was still in slut mode.  Even after I ordered her to "act normal", she was
wild as she could be.  Mary was Mary, very sexual but not aggressive.

When we left the truck stop, I got in the driver's seat again. Mary curled
up in back to rest.  When Lisa started to get in the front seat beside me,
Andy stopped her.  Not a word was said but a pecking order was established
at the two of them stared at each other.  Lisa got in back.  Andy set by me.

We arrived in Vail late.  Andy and Lisa unloaded the truck as Mary and I
went directly to the
dungeon to see Cathy.

Cathy had been without a bath or sunlight or conversation for three days and
looked a fright.  She was very glad to see us. After my experience with
Lisa, I did not offer to let Cathy drink the chemical voluntarily.  We bound
her arms and legs to the wall in an X. Mary held her nose and chin as I
poured the formula down her.

I will not repeat her programming word for word.  Like Lisa, she was
programmed to love and care for me, to know she was loved by me, to keep her
programming secret, to respond to her commands, to belong to me, and, to let
me change her commands by voice rather than by chemical.

I dealt with her ability to project her great sexuality and to "ping" men,
in what I thought was a novel and appropriate way. After programming her to
never again use her pinging on me or any kitten, I programmed her to be an
actress and to "ping" the camera. Think about that.  All that sex power
coming across through the camera.  That is what Hollywood is all about. I
had no doubt she would become a bigger Hollywood star than Monroe or Taylor
or Moore or any of the sexy sirens of the silver screen. I also programmed
her to be on the watch for potential kittens and to notify me if she found
any good prospects.

After programming her, I released Cathy.  She was so exuberant at being
finally free of her
imprisonment, she was almost hysterical. She ran screaming through the house
before I cornered her again and calmed her down.

"Davy, I want a shower. Then, I want to be fucked," she exclaimed.

Fortunately, the shower in my bedroom was huge.  I showered with all four of
them. Now, that is something.

Just close your eyes and picture what was in that shower with me.  Four,
wet, soapy, beautiful, fun, positive, wildly sexual women.  Just think about
that. Two blondes, a brunette and a brownette.  Four pierced nipples and
four unpierced. Two ringed clit hoods and two natural. Four hot pussies.
Four soapy bodies.  For some reason, they all wanted to wash my cock.  My
cock had never been that clean. Or, that hard.

I fucked Cathy first.  My little sister really was a hot woman. In fact, I
was sorry she was my sister.  I did not program her to be a kitten I would
keep, one of my harem kittens so to speak, because she was my sister.  I
wanted all of my kittens to bear my children.  But, her being my sister
didn't mean I could not fuck her until she did not want any more.

Then, I fucked Lisa.  Andy was third.  I saved Mary for last.  I liked my
Rolls and I enjoyed the smooth, comfortable and delightful ride.  As I let
myself come deep in Mary's pussy, my cock head against her cervix, I
wondered if she or her daughter would deliver my child first.

Cathy mounted my face, letting me eat her wonderful pussy as Lisa slipped
between Mary's legs to retrieve what I had left.  Andy licked my cock clean
as I dozed off.

I felt the bed move but I ignored the movement and the daylight pouring in
through the open curtains in the bedroom.  Then, the bed moved again and I
heard the padding of feet on the carpet.  In a few minutes, I smelled
coffee. Andy was kneeling beside the bed with a mug in her hands.  I heard
singing coming from the kitchen and the smell of bacon.  Thank God, things
were getting back to normal. The five of us ate in the kitchen.  It was a
huge breakfast with delightful conversation.

Mary needed to check on her shops and asked for permission to go to Glenwood
Springs and Aspen for the day.  I sent Lisa with her.  Since Lisa was going
to be with us full time and since she was now a kitten, we needed to work
her into the routine.  She was smart as a whip and could be a real help to
Mary.  One of the things I needed to decide was if I was going to let Mary
keep her three retail shops, and, if I was, how they were going to be
staffed.

You remember Eve, don't you?  The actress who was one of Uncle Bert's
kittens. I phoned her in Brentwood, awakening her.  I told her I wanted her
to take Cathy under her wing and introduce her to the key producers of her
show. She readily agreed, but she had no choice since I phrased everything
as an order.

Andy and I drove Cathy to Denver where we put her on a plane to LA.  I had
called Mom and Dad to tell them she was on her way. Mom sounded all teary
knowing her baby was fine.  All Moms are that way, I suspect.  Before she
left, Cathy gave me a big kiss and thanked me profusely for programming her
the way I did.  I was happy to make any kitten happy, particularly a kitten
who was also a sister.

"Where to now, sweetheart?" Andy asked as we left Denver International.

"I want to stop by the jewelers.  I ordered some jewelry for you kittens and
I want to pick it up."

"Locking jewelry, I presume," she said with a smirk.

"No.  Not really," I replied.

How do you identify a kitten?  Or, any woman for that matter. How do you
mark her so the world knows she is yours?  Or, do you mark her at all?

Don't think that marking is all for the man.  The woman loves it.  It makes
her feel protected, feminine, as it shouts her belonging to her man.

In a normal boy-girl relationship, we would marry and she would wear a ring,
perhaps two rings, on the third finger of her left hand, the ring finger.
Those rings would symbolize our relationship. But, this was different.  I
was not marrying anyone and there would be more than one.

I considered tattooing, which is becoming commonplace for a girl to wear for
her man. Wouldn't they all look wonderful with a lovely, tattooed kitten in
multicolors on the soft underside of their necks where only the highest
collar would hide it?  I would put it on the left side in front where
everyone could see it.   Perhaps my initials tattooed on the back of their
hands or on the soft flesh beside their pussies would be appropriate.

I considered branding, using a hot iron on them somewhere.  I envisioned a
brand like a rancher would place on his cattle.  I could put it on their
ass.  Maybe, like the Gor series, a single initial burned into their thigh
in front, below the hem line of short skirts so every one could tell they
were my slaves. But, burns look ugly most of the time and it might get
infected before it healed.  A tattoo could always be removed but a brand was
forever.

I considered chains of various kinds on various parts of their bodies to
identify them as mine. Chains have a lot of possibilities because they come
in all different sizes and materials. I am including leather collars or
wristlets in the chain group.

Once, I pictured all of them in thick wide leather collars with a Master
lock at the nape of their necks holding it in place and a big O-ring in
front so I could attach a leash or chain them together. How about a heavy,
dog collar chain around their necks, the padlock at the nape of their necks?
Or, a chain around their waists with rings so I could attach their arms to
restraint them?

Chastity belts were another idea. If they wore slacks or jeans, I could get
them a decorative belt of painted and enameled brass to be worn outside
their clothes.  It would fit tightly around their waists, its brass shield
between their legs, its lock in front.  Everyone could see they were
unavailable to any man except the man with the key. That is me.

Or, all of the above.

Picture them.

Twenty women, all naked, all lined up for your use when you so desired.
Each woman would have a chastity belt around her waist, its plate between
her legs, keeping her from being penetrated or even from masturbating. Heavy
leather wristlets would be attached to each wrist.  The D-ring on the
wristlet would be attached to the metal belt with her wrists behind her,
thrusting out her firm, ripe breasts with their nipple rings attached by a
golden chain.

Each head would be lowered demurely, submissively. You would walk down the
line, stopping at each one, feeling the brand on her hip as you traced the
indentation with your fingers.  She would gasp from your touch, as you both
knew that brand evidenced your ownership of her and her desire to belong to
you.

With the tips of your fingers under her beautiful chin, you would raise her
head. The multicolored kitten tattooed on her neck would seem to come alive
as it moved. Sexily, she would raise her eyes to you.  They would be begging
eyes, wanting eyes, as her lust for you shot forth from them.

"Pick me, master," she would whimper. Or, "I need your cock in me, master."

You might say nothing.  Or, you might let your hand slide down her soft,
yielding flesh, perhaps stopping at her breast to twist the ring until she
moaned her desire. Or, you might lean down to kiss her lips, feeling her
eagerness, letting your tongue play over the brads in her tongue, brads
placed there for your pleasure.

Your toughest decision all day would be deciding which ones to fuck.

But, while I loved that fantasy and could play it any time I wished, in
reality I like the fact my kittens are different, each a unique and
wonderful woman.  That is the reason Mary and Lisa have different piercings
and Andy is not pierced at all. I personally do not want twenty identical
slaves, no matter how appealing.  I want twenty different women.

So, I decided on chains and rings, specifically, chains, for neck, wrist and
ankle, and, a ring for their hand.  All the kittens would have identical
jewelry.

Each kitten would get two rings, both wedding-style bands three-eights of an
inch wide.  One was twenty-one karat yellow gold and the other sterling
silver. They would wear one or the other on the thumb of their left hand.
Their names are engraved on the inside of the band. There was no decoration
on the visible exterior of the band.  Of course, as you know, thumb rings
have been worn since pre-Roman times to identify slaves.  In today's USA
they seem to be popular again.  I never see a woman with a thumb ring
without wondering about her relationship with her man.

The chains are really a necklace, a bracelet and an anklet. They have one
set made of 21 karat yellow gold and another of sterling silver. The
bracelet and anklet are designed to be slightly loose, so they move, but not
so loose as to allow them to come off accidentally.

Each necklace will fit snugly around their necks but could not be considered
a choker because it lay like a normal necklace. The clasp was a screw clasp
which is secure but does not lock.

Each chain has a charm of matching metal. For the necklace, it is a one inch
tall kitten which is sitting with its tail up behind it.  The gold kitten
has diamond chips for its eyes and a ruby chip over its heart. The silver
necklace has emerald chips for its eyes and a sapphire chip over its heart.
The charms for the bracelets and anklets, both gold and silver, are a
three-quarter inch kittens with a single diamond over its heart.

My plan was that each kitten could wear which of her six chains she chose
each day, allowing her to accessorize as she pleased. I anticipated a ring
and at least one chain, in matching metal, would be worn.

Why not lock them in the necklace, you ask?  Why lock them in, I would
reply.  They were
programmed.  They would fight anyone who tried to remove that necklace,
unless it was me, of course.  Believe me, I have corsets and body harnesses
and locking collars and restraints for when we play those games which each
of us so enjoy.

As to clothing, I had decided to set no rules. Sometimes bra and panties.
Sometimes not.
Sometime dresses, sometime jeans. After all, variety is the spice of  life.
And, these kittens know how to dress sexily. Since they wished to please
their man, ketting them dress to please me added variety and color.

If someday, I wished them to all wear the same thing, they would just to
please me. In fact, I had decided to get each of them several ensembles,
like uniforms. Then, I could have them dress identically if I chose. For
example, I might get all of them to wear matching T-shirts and skirts,
without bras and panties, as these three had done on this trip.

As I pointed the Suburban toward home, Andy put on her jewelry. She wore the
gold ring,
bracelet and anklet on her left side and the silver on her right.  She
fastened both necklaces around her neck. Then, she twisted in her seat to
look at me.

"How do I look?" she asked.

"Sexy as hell," I replied.  She gave me a warm smile.

"Have you given any thought as to who will be the other harem kittens?"

"Some.  Have you?"

"You really are a wonderful man and a wonderful master.  Thank you for
asking."

"I mean it.  I want your input."

"Well, you have Lisa, Mom and me.  That is three.  Have you met any other
women who
interested you enough to have them around full time?"

Isn't it interesting how she put that?  Having them around full time.  Uncle
Bert's method did have one advantage.  You could fuck them and forget them.
You did not have to live with them. Living with them will have bitter as
well as sweet times, unhappiness as well as happiness. I loved Abby and
Betty, but I would not want them around all the time.  Seeing them at
holidays was enough for me.  And, like Cathy, they were my sisters.

I liked these three women I had chosen to be my first harem kittens. I liked
them as women and people as well as kittens.  I wanted to be around them all
the time, to share all their lives, not just the time in bed.  To me, that
is what it is all about.

"I want to see who the 3,000 are.  There might be someone there. But, as of
today, the only two I can think of are Eve and Rebecca.  Cathy is going to
do some scouting for me in LA."

"Eve is beautiful and sexy but she is too well known.  You would have
paparazzi around and all that confusion and notoriety.  But, Rebecca is an
excellent choice.  I liked her.  And, she is Mom's age.  I bet they would be
friends."

"You would not mind Rebecca?"

"Sweetheart, how often do I have to tell you part of the joy of being a
kitten is to help her man find other women to enjoy."

Andy had a warm, teasing expression on her face.  She leaned over, jingling
as she did from all her jewelry, and kissed my cheek.

"Do you plan for all of us to have your children?"

"Yes."

"That should be interesting. You know, I might have been your stepsister."

"What do you mean?"

"Mom always wanted to marry Bert.  After his heart attack, Bert told Mom all
about his
investments and how much money he had.  Then, he proposed.  Mom said no.
She did not want him to think she was marrying him for his money.  But, if
she had accepted, I would be your stepsister."

"It will be interesting enough as it is," I replied.

"I know. Let's say Mom and I both have sons.  What would we name them?"

"Call them Arthur and Brent."

"Okay. Now, forget the half and step and all that stuff.  Since you will be
the father of both,
Arthur and Brent are brothers.  And, since Arthur and I have the same
mother, we are brother and sister. But, since Mom is my Mom and Brent's
grandmother, Arthur is Brent's uncle. Could it get more complicated?"

"Sure.  If Bert had married Mary, you and I would be brother and sister.
Then, if I married Mary, you would be my daughter and my sister.  I would be
Brent's grandfather and his father and his uncle.  You would be Arthur's
sister and, if I married you, his mother."

"Poor Brent.  He would lose out on all those birthday presents."

"We will make it up to him."

She moved toward me. Her hand slipped down my side to my crotch.  She began
to play with my cock through my trousers.

"What are we going to do when we get home?"

"I don't know. Any suggestions."

"Yes, master.  I want to be tied to the bed and fucked all night."

Of course, I was going to do it.  I could not turn down Andy.  Could you?


To be continued . . .

Please! Give me your comments.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com







MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 47

Kitten Fun (Kittens playing)

I do not really remember the drive into Vail.  Andy had told me she wanted to be
tied to the bed and fucked all night.  And, as she told me, she was playing with
my cock through my trousers.  Who could think about driving? However, I do
remember the tires of the truck squealing as I negotiated the mountain roads at
high speed.

The little tease would let her hand move to my shoulder or stomach or arm as she
changed the subject by talking about something I cared nothing about, which, at
the moment, was everything but fucking her.

"Do you think I should lighten my hair, sweetheart," she might begin in an
innocuous tone.  She would talk about hair coloring or something inane with both
knew was of no importance. But, just when my mind had pushed fucking her to a
back burner for a second, she would grab my cock and squeeze, saying something
like "are you going to fuck my ass with that big cock of yours?" or "Davy, I
need you in me so much."

You can see why my mind never left the thought of her in my bed.

We were still east of Eisenhower Tunnel when the car phone rang.

"It is Mom for you," she said, handing me the phone.

"Hi, Mary."

"Davy, we are exhausted.  Do you mind if we spend the night here in Aspen?" she
asked.

"Of course not."

I could hear Lisa in the background. "Go ahead. Ask him," she said.

Mary was silent.  Then she cleared her throat.

"Davy, we both are.  Well.  We are horny.  Can we enjoy each other?  I hope you
don't mind me asking.  I know you will not be there to see us.  But."

"What is he saying?" Lisa asked.

"Go ahead. Have fun, but only the two of you.  No others."

"Oh, yes," I heard Lisa shout.

"Thank you, Davy.  See you tomorrow night.  We love you."

I explained to Andy what they wanted.  She had a funny expression as if waiting
for me to say something specific and wondering if I would.  I want my kittens to
be happy.  I want them to be well fucked.  But, how was I going to keep twenty
of them satisfied?  I had some ideas.  I just needed to make up my mind.

With Andy still teasing me, the fantasies started flooding, blocking out any
other thoughts.  Here is how I fantasied it.

The house was locked and all the lights were off.  Andy lit two candles in the
bedroom.  Our bed has two leather straps, like long belts, which go around the
mattress and buckle to hold the belt firmly in place.  One is around the
mattress in a location which places it under a kitten's neck. The other is
placed under her hips. We keep the straps unbuckled and tucked away until we
want to use them. Andy had buckled them in place.

When I returned from the dungeon where I had raided the toy box for the things I
would need, she was naked, sitting on the edge of the bed waiting for me. She
gave me a warm and wicked smile before turning her back toward me and lifting
her hair out of the way to allow me to attach a leather restraint collar around
her neck.  After I buckled the thick leather with the O-ring in back, I patted
the bed.  She lay back. I clipped the collar to the O-ring on the strap around
the mattress.

"Oh. I can't raise my head.  What will happen to me?" she said huskily, holding
up a wrist to me.  She watched me intently as I buckled the restraint around her
wrist. She lay her hand by her head, allowing me to attach her arm to the strap. 
Then, I did the other arm.

She was secure now, neck and wrists attached to the strap.  I saw her muscle s
tighten and relax as she tested her bondage.  I saw her hands clench and
unclench in anticipation.

"What have you planned for me?" she asked breathlessly.

"One thing I have not planned is an orgasm."

Her whole body flinched.

"Are you so cruel to a damsel in distress?"

Cruel?  Not on your life.  I could smell her pussy.  With a finger, I dipped
into it, making her gasp.  Her juices were running down the crack of her ass.

My fantasy saw Andy (you know what she looks like) on her back, naked, arms and
neck restrained in an open and available position. It was not against her will.
Rather, she was entirely for her situation. Just thinking about it had brought
her to the edge of orgasm.  Her nipples were erect, her pussy flowing, her skin
hot and pink.  Her eyes were moist and pleading to be fucked.

I sat by her as she extended one leg by me.  I took her other ankle in my hand
and brought her foot to my lips. I started with her little toe, kissing,
tonguing, sucking, as I worked my way slowly up her leg, stopping to nibble the
tender back of her knee.  I worked up her thigh, feeling her twitch and squirm
until I got to her pussy.  I licked her slit, careful not to touch her clit. 
She was begging by now.

"Come on, Davy.  Fuck me," she moaned.

But, I was just starting. I did the other leg the same way. I noticed when the
sweat broke out between her breasts.  I could see her love juices flowing, feel
her heat and tension. I leaned over her to kiss her breasts. Her legs scissored
around me as she tried to pull me into her.

I took a piece of rope, put the slip knot around her ankle and pulled it tight.
I pulled her ankle snug to her thigh and tied the rope around it. Her legs were
bent and trapped.

"No, honey. Please, no.  Take me.  I need you so," she begged.

Take her?  Would you?  Of course.  We both would.  But, not yet.

It was going to be a long time before I fucked her. I planned to caress and
enjoy every inch of her, to tantalize and tease her until she was delirious with
need.

Have I told you I love to eat pussy?  I do, you know. I started slowly, letting
her ebb and flow, letting her build and then, when she was close to orgasm,
letting her back down. She screamed and cursed.  She tried kicking me with her
bound legs. I ignored her pleas.

Then, I slipped a rope behind each knee and bound it to the strap, bringing her
bent legs up and as wide as was comfortable for her. I knee walked between her
legs.  She started to giggle.  She thought she was going to get fucked.

I lodged the tip of my cock in the entrance to her pussy and stopped.  I could
feel her trying to draw me into her by sheer pussy power. I rocked a little
giving her an inch more and she tried to thrust her hips up to trap me, but her
bondage would not let her.  I pulled back out again until she could feel my cock
head on her pussy lips, but I was not really in her.

Hot like a furnace.  Tight like a spring.  Screaming and begging, pleading to be
fucked.  I kept tantalizing her until I was afraid she would go crazy. I untied
the knots which bound her legs.  She straightened them. In an instant, I jammed
my cock all the way home as she locked her legs around me and clamped her pussy
down on my shaft.

"OH YOU SONOFABITCH! SOOO GOOD!" she screamed as she began her first of many
orgasms.

That was my fantasy as we drove into town.

I won't tell you all about it, about what really happened.  You will have to
imagine this wonderful creature suffering the greatest of tortious delights,
delayed orgasm.  I will tell you she was drenched with sweat and delirious with
need when I finally put my cock in her. It was almost two hours after I attached
her to the bed before I finished with her and drifted off to sleep. I will tell
you, too, that it was better than my fantasy, but it always is with Andy.

The burglar alarm went off in the night. Andy groaned.  I had left her neck and
wrist attached to the bed after we finished our love session.  Then, I heard the
electronic tones indicating the alarm was being deactivated.  In a minute, I
heard footsteps as Lisa and Mary entered the room.

"What are you two doing here?" I asked groggily.

"We were lonely," Mary replied, as she began to quickly undress.

Lisa was naked in a flash and slipped in the covers by me. I felt her hand on my
cock and her nipple rings against my back.

"Move over, Andy,"  Mary whispered.

"Mother.  I am attached to the bed.  I can't move over."

"Well, I am glad you two had fun," Mary said with mock disapproval as she
unfastened her daughter from bondage.

"Don't, Mom.  I want to spend the night tied up," Andy whined like a
ten-year-old child.

As Lisa and I watched, Mary reversed the leather collar so the O-ring was in
front and fastened Andy's wrists to it, keeping her hands under her chin.

"How's that?"

"Nice," Andy whispered as she rolled over and went back to sleep.

Mary gave me a long, hard kiss. I let my hands wander over her body as Lisa's
hands were wandering over mine.

"I am really sleepy.  Can we fuck in the morning?" Mary asked.

"Sure, baby," I said, giving her a peck on the cheek.

She lay down between Andy and me and was asleep in an instant.  I rolled over to
face Lisa.

You know I have not told you everything that had happened during these many
months with my kittens.  Mundane things, like shopping or reading in the evening
have been omitted.  Even some fun things have been left out.  But, I think you
have received the high points of most of what happened in my life.

However, I may have neglected Lisa.  As I told you, Lisa was a bitch when we
were dating. By bitch, I mean she was cold, somewhat abusive.  She had been a
joy since she came back to us.  I think she was inhibited and sexually
repressed.  When we let that out, gave her freedom so to speak, her bitchiness
faded away.  Her submissive streak had been a boon in our non-sexual
relationships as well as providing some fun sexual times.  She did not challenge
Mary, who was our queen bee, by virtue of her age, relationship with Uncle Bert
and being Andy's mother.  In short, Lisa fit in perfectly.

Lisa squirmed against me, her leg between mine, her hands on the cheeks of my
ass. When we kissed, I could feel her tongue brads.  It was a very nice feeling.

"Fuck me. Please," she whispered.

"I thought you girls had a little fun in Aspen."

"We did, but it is not the same as you fucking me.  It is not even as much fun
to play with Mary if you are not there to watch us."

She dragged her nails up my back as she shifted to get my hard cock between her
legs, trapping it there.

"You are my man, every bit as much as you are Andy's man, or Mary's.  I need you
very much."

"What else do you need from me?"

She received the question more seriously then I intended it to be.  She leaned
back to focus better on my face. Her expression was very intent.

"I need a demanding man, a man who will punish me if I need it.  I need to know
what the limits are.  Most of all, I need to be loved."

"You are loved.  And, I will be more firm with you."

She was stroking my side as we spoke. She stopped and squeezed hard.

"Mary and Andy need firmness as much as I do.  All women need it, Davy."

Ever since I had put Diablo back in his cage, my mind was trying to achieve a
balance of firmness and softness, of giving and taking, of flashing a green
light or a red light.  Perhaps I would never achieve the perfect balance.  I
suspected the balance was not obtainable because the fulcrum always changed.
That is, individual needs and wants would change, circumstances would change,
meaning the balance point would change with them.

Lisa had just told me to hold the reins on her and her fellow kittens a little
tighter. I would remember that.

"Let's go in the other room," I said, pulling back the covers.

The room was cool but not cold.  I like it that way.  It makes a fire or
snuggling under the covers feel that much better.  I had not built a fire that
night since Andy and I had gone straight to bed. Now, with Lisa wrapped in one
of the mink throw rugs in front of the fireplace, I stacked the logs and brought
the fire to life.

Lisa slipped to the floor and opened the fur wide. I crawled in next to her and
she wrapped it around us.

"Do me slow and easy, baby," she murmured.

Isn't it nice that my kittens will tell me what they want, what they need to
make them happy?  It makes our sex life that much better.

She willingly spread her legs, letting me slip into her hot wetness.  We moved
slowly, the mink tight around us both holding in the heat making us sweat and
acting as a binding of sorts.

She had several orgasms.  They were quiet but strong as she sweated under me. 
After I came in her, I stayed on top of her as sleep began to take me away.

I heard her say just before I dozed off, "When do I get to have your baby?"


To be continued . . .

Please!  Give me your comments.

E-mail address:  ezriter@hotmail.com






MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 48 (MC Decision)

Making Up My Mind

When I awakened, Lisa and I were plastered together by the sweat from the heat
of our bodies wrapped in the mink rug.  When I unrolled us from the mink, the
cold air hit her.  Her nipples got hard and she shivered as goose bumps covered
her.

"Cold," she murmured as she curled into the prenatal position.

I covered her again before going in the bedroom. Mary and Andy were still
asleep.  They were so lovely together with beautiful breasts and legs and asses
and faces and long blonde hair.  Mary's hand and arm lay across Andy's side
protectively, but otherwise they were not touching.

Mary was on her left side, legs drawn up toward her chest.  I lay beside her,
spooning her.  She instinctively moved her ass back against me.  My cock wormed
his way between her thighs until his head nestled at her entrance.  I put a hand
on each hip to spread the flesh of her ass and thighs, letting my shaft worm
through until it was buried in her warm wetness.

Neither of us moved externally, but I felt her pussy gently squeezing then
releasing my cock.

"Good morning," she whispered.  "Nice way to wake up."

I gently moved in her, my left arm under her head, my right arm around her
pinning her arm to her side with her breast in my hand as I kneaded it. Gentle
and slow.  When I whispered "on your back," she whispered "yes, my love" and
rolled over. What a beautiful, happy, sweet face Mary has.  She pulled her legs
up, feet flat on the bed.   Her fingers grasped my cock and guided me into her
again. The bed moved as Lisa crawled in beside us on my left.  Andy was awake
and watching on my right, her hands still cuffed under her chin, her eyes bright
and shiny.

I love fucking Mary, the hard softness, the demanding surrender, the wet
tightness of her pussy.  Today, she seemed unusually needy, her legs tight
around me, arms holding me fiercely.  After I felt the second on Mary's orgasms,
I stuffed my cock against her cervix and came deep in her. She held me a long
time before she relaxed and I moved off her.

No doubt all three of my kittens loved the taste of my cum.  They all willingly
and frequently took me in their mouths, encouraging me to ejaculate there. And,
if I came in one of them, another would take my cum from her which was
delightful for both of them.  This time, Lisa slipped between Mary's splayed
legs, burying her mouth in Mary's pussy to slurp what I had left and she so
desired.  After Mary's whispered pleading, Lisa turned around and lowered her
pussy to Mary's mouth to enjoy from her the kind of pleasure she was giving.

They often did that.  Never was a drop of cum wasted in my house.

Andy smiled up at me.  I lay by her and cupped a breast as she reached to kiss
me, her mouth eager against mine. We lay there loving on each other, listening
to the slurping and moaning next to us.

I slipped my hand down Andy's flat stomach to her shaven pussy.  She jerked
involuntarily as my finger slid into her.

"Going to fuck me?" she asked, wrinkling her nose.

"No.  Just tease you a little."

"Bastard," she sighed as her legs opened wider.

I continued to tease and play with Andy.  I enjoyed the heat it built in her.
Poor Andy.  With her hands bound, she could not play with herself.  She would be
horny all day.  Or, until I relented.

I relented, letting Andy orgasm from my playing with her.  We heard the orgasms
of Lisa and Mary as we lay in each other's arms. Then, I led Lisa into the
bathroom.

"Give me your birth control pills," I commanded.

She launched herself into me, crushing me with a hug and burying me in kisses
before she gave me the pills.  I flushed them down the toilet.  She watched
wide-eyed as the pills swirled away, then bounced in to tell Andy and Mary of
her joy.

Now, all three of them could get pregnant at any time. As you probably know, a
woman usually does not necessarily get pregnant immediately when she goes off
the pill.  Sometimes, it can take a year for her hormones to adjust. But, the
clock was running.

I wondered who would get pregnant first and when, what the children would be
like, what would be the impact on our lives.  I tried to picture them with their
bellies bloated with my children.

Why, you may ask, would any man want to live with three pregnant women?

Sometimes, I wondered myself. I remembered my mother's change in disposition
when she was pregnant with Cathy.  Having three hormonal women might be a lot,
but it would be fun, too.  Having them pregnant together would be a good
comparison of the effect on them.

Partially, it was male pride.  I knew I planned to be seen with them in public
when they showed.  I liked the idea of other men and women looking at us and
knowing I had three gorgeous females, each with a gold ring on her thumb,
pregnant by me at the same time.

Being pregnant together and giving birth at approximately the same time would
bond them together which was another goal of mine.  I planned for all of them to
nurse all the children, building a mother-child bond with each of them with each
child, not just the one they brought into this world. Of course, I planned to
make sure there was plenty of fresh milk for me.

I was not concerned about having someone to fuck while they were in their sexual
inactivity times.  I still had all those other kittens to try out.

Except for throwing away Lisa's pills, that was a fairly typical day for us in
early January.  The four of us spent a lot of time together, in bed and out.  We
skied and fucked, then talked and fucked, and then slept and fucked.  It was a
very enjoyable time, a settling time, a bonding time.  I did not give much
thought to the formula during this period.  Since I had obtained the formula, my
anxiety about it had disappeared.

The thought which dominated every waking moment was how to structure my life.

Basically, it came down to the following options.

Option one would be to live with just these three, with no other women for me
and no other men for them.

Or, I could have these three without other women but let Mary and Lisa have
other men occasionally just for fun.

Or, I could live with these three and have other women on the side, like Uncle
Bert did.  Then, there would be two sub options, let Mary and Lisa have other
men or do not let them.

Or, as I had originally planned,  I could build a harem, ten to twenty of them
for my use only.  I pictured that, with twenty women sitting around in sexy
harem clothes waiting to please me.  I must admit it was an intriguing picture.

I even considered, if I did build a harem, having three or four guys programmed
so they would have sex with the kittens when the kittens asked to keep the
kittens happy.  Of course, these guys would be programmed to be slaves to the
kittens, which made them slaves to me, too. They would have vasectomies. Still,
it would not be a bad life for them.

I could have restricted the entire harem to me only, but, as I think you know by
now, I really liked these women and I really liked sex.  I could program them to
not want sex at all except when I suggested it and then to be wildcats.  But, I
wanted them to have fun, too, and I wanted the fun of them being spontaneous.

The idea of twenty women just sitting around waiting to be fucked sounds like a
great fantasy but in reality, it was not for me.  It should be clear by now I
was as interested in what was between their ears as what was between their legs. 
I mean, I liked their personalities. I liked them.

I had watched as both Mary and Lisa fucked other guys.  Seeing Lisa fucking
others was a turn on for me.  I knew she enjoyed it so much, both the act itself
and the humiliation of being a slut.  But, seeing Mary was not a turn on.  It
was not a turn off, just neutral.  The thought of anyone else fucking Andy made
my blood boil.   I would never share her with another man.

The thought occurred to me that my view was the same as theirs.  Andy did not
want to be shared.   Mary wanted to be only if it pleased me and I ordered her
to do it.  And, Lisa liked the impact on her.

If I did not program them to be asexual unless I wanted them and if I did not
have some back up studs to service them, I did not think I could keep twenty of
them sexually satisfied without wearing my cock down to a nub.  Be realistic. 
They all wanted sex at least five times a week.  Five times twenty is one
hundred.  One hundred divided by seven is fourteen and a fraction.  Since I
preferred long loving sessions, say a minimum of an hour each, that would be
fourteen hours a day or more. You can get too much of a good thing.

Now, take a minute.

Think about the kittens and all those other women out there.  Think about how
good Andy and Mary and Lisa are in bed and how much they love you. Think about
already having three when most men do not have one as sexual and loving as any
of them.

Think about all the others you would find appealing and want to try on for size. 
Think about the stars you see on TV or the models in the magazines cavorting in
bikinis on the beach.  Remember.  All of them would be available to you.

Think about the kittens.  If you cared for them as I do, you want would them to
be happy.  Of course, you could order them to be happy and they would be happy
because it was an order.  Is that kind of happiness as good as the other kind? 
Is it good enough?

Let your cock think, too.  What would he want?  We definitely want him to be
happy.

You girls out there think which you would like to be.  Would you like to be one
of a large harem available to only one man?  Or, part of a harem that has five
or six male slaves to service you when you wanted, meaning your life is just one
big fuck session?  Or, just one of three women, part of a family?  Would you
want to have my baby?  Or, any baby? Would you want to be shared or kept
exclusive?  And, would it be important to you that your man considered what you
wanted? Or, to you want to be told what will happen and be expected to obey
without comment?

It is a complex and interesting dilemma, isn't it?

So, have you decided?

I had.

It was January 12 when I called them all together.  Dinner was over and the
kitchen was spotless.  All three were wearing the ever present jeans which
looked delightful on all of them. They had on sweaters and shoes, just typical
ski country clothes. When I began to undress, they did the same.

"Kneel," I said.  They all complied, knees spread, back slightly arched, hands
on thighs, palms up.  The three of them were in a line, knees touching, waiting
for me to speak.  In turn, I kissed each one and each gave me a hot, full
tongued delightful kiss.

"I have reached a decision on what I want to do," I said.

All three waited intently and quietly.  You could hear a pin drop before I
spoke.

"First, I love each of you very much and I would never want to be without any of
you.  The four of us will live together as we have been.  I will take other
women when I wish, just as Uncle Bert did.  Lisa and Mary, I may occasionally
share you when it makes me happy to do so, but normally it will be just me, and
it will be only me until you are pregnant.  Andy, you are only for me."

Well, did you reach the same decision? If not, well, differences are what makes
the world go around.

The kittens apparently liked my decision.  All three of them piled on me with
soft  murmurings and warm tears and gentle, caressing hands.  That led to the
placement of mouths on body parts which led to, oh, you know.

The bright Colorado sun awakened me on January 14 as it poured in through the
open curtains. None of us had been out of the house on the thirteenth. We
cuddled nakedly all day.  Come on!  I don't need to describe it.  You know
enough about us by now. Picture three wonderful, sexy kittens and one very lucky
tom cat in bed all day.

Lisa brought me my coffee in bed while Andy and Mary fixed breakfast.

"What are we going to do today, sweetheart?"  Andy asked as we cleaned up
afterward.

"I have an assignment from Uncle Bert.  I need to go to Glenwood Springs."

You remember the assignment.  Go to the hotel in Glenwood and ask for Jose, the
bellman.  Give him five one-hundred dollar bills and he would give me something.

All four of us went, arriving there about ten.  What Jose gave me was a heavy
file cabinet which I loaded in the back of the Suburban.  It was locked and dust
covered, but when I unlocked it at the Glenwood Springs ranch house, I found it
full of treasure.

Inside the cabinet was all the information about the 3,000 kittens.

Uncle Bert, as I have said, was a very organized man.  The cabinet contained a
series of three ring loose leaf binders.  Inside the binders, in alphabetical
order, of course, were laminated pages, one woman per page. The front side was
pictures of her.  Some of the pictures were clothed, some without clothing. Most
were pictures no more sexy then the ones printed in the tabloids but a few of
them were wild pictures of Uncle Bert fucking them.

The back of the page was a history of her.  It contained name, addresses, phone
numbers, even e-mail for the newer additions.  It had complete measurements and
the names of husbands or children.  It also had her likes and dislikes, her
particular kinks, and comments from Uncle Bert.

Since it had been a while since we had been at the ranch house, it lacked
provisions. We phoned in an order for pizza and set down to go through the
binders.

Talk about interesting reading, to know each of these women had been fucked and
programmed by Uncle Bert and were available to me. Lisa was not there but she
was my kitten and had never belonged to Uncle Bert.  Andy and Mary were missing,
too. But, all my female relatives were included, every one of them.  Uncle Bert
really had liked Mom and given her some lovely comments. After reading what he
said, I was not particularly interested in pursing any of my aunts and cousins,
with the exception of Edwina, who made Xena look like a wimp.

There were actresses and models, homemakers (I prefer that term  to
"housewife"), professional women (legal and illegal professions), kittens of all
types and shapes and colors.

"Look, Davy! Here is Mistress Diana," Andy exclaimed.

She was in there.  After reading it, we knew she had been a woman he programmed. 
He saw her dominant nature, had her trained and set her up in business.  And, he
had sent other kittens to Diana to be trained just as he sent Andy and me.

Eve was there.  While her sheet had a publicity closeup of her uniquely
appealing face, the one of Uncle Bert fucking her was more fun to see. All the
other babes were there and stars of other series. I could tell you about a kink
of two in those stars.

I recognized a few women I had seen walking the streets of Vail or Aspen.  I saw
some who did not appeal to me.  I saw some who made my cock swell.

It was Mary's idea to go through the binders and pick out the ones I should
fuck. Soon, the three of them were on the floor, the binders in disarray before
them as they pulled out the sheets of the "keepers" as they called them. You
might think I should be reaching this decision, but I was not even consulted.

"Sweetheart, why don't you go buy some food and stuff. We will work through
these for you," Andy said as she looked up from the pile.

I learned later their system.  All three of them read each sheet. If a kitten
thought it was a "yes," she put the sheet in the "yes" pile. Then, all three
went through the "yes" pile and discussed it.  Sounds like a human resources'
department reviewing resumes, doesn't it?

As they prepared dinner, I went through the "triple A" pile, which were the
sheets all three approved of.  There was a "double A" pile and a "single A"
pile, too. I quickly scanned some of the rejects.  Honestly, my kittens did pick
out the best ones.

What a life, what a life!  Three sexy, wonderful, beautiful women, all three of
whom were magnificent in bed and anxious to please me and to have my child,
selecting the best of the rest for me to fuck.  If it seems too good to believe,
but, remember, they were programmed that way.

Over dinner, we discussed the keepers.  My kittens reasoning and selection
criteria were interesting.  This one is a track star and has strong legs.  That
one has huge breasts.  This one is black or Hispanic or Korean or a red head or
is plump.  That one wants her husband to participate.  This one wants her
husband to be tied up and watch.  That one likes to do it in public. This one
wants to be whipped and fucked up the ass.  That one likes to suck a man's cock
while her German Shepard fucks her doggy style (how else would a German Shepard
fuck?).  And, so on.

There were 253 of them in the "triple A" pile.

"We want you to start working your way through these kittens as soon as you can,
Davy,"  Mary said.

"Why?" I asked, somewhat puzzled by their enthusiasm.

Andy took my chin in her hand, guiding my head to look at her.

"Because the more you fuck other women, the more you will realize none of them
equal the three you have at home," she said softly.


To be continued . . .

Please!  Give me your comments

E-mail address:  ezriter@hotmail.com






MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 49 (orgy)

Birthday Party

Mary was with me on the morning of January 15 when I rang the bell at a
luxury high rise
condominium in Denver.

A very attractive woman opened the door.  She was about forty years old with
a dark sun tan. The platform high heels she wore brought her to five nine or
so.  Her hair had been some other color but now was blonde and cut short and
pert. She wore a pair of shorts and a halter top.  Her breasts were huge and
perfectly shaped, with that pouched, symmetrical look of surgical
augmentation.

"May I help you?" she asked.

"Amanda Boswell?"

"Yes?"

"Do you prefer sirloin or tube steak?"

"It depends on the chef,"  she replied.  Her whole body relaxed and a glazed
look came in her eyes.

"What does your pussy prefer?"

"It prefers following your commands."

"Are we alone?" I asked as I closed the door behind me.

"Yes, sir," she said.

"Strip."

She stripped and we stripped with her, all of us leaving our clothes in the
hall.  I admired the body she worked hard to keep in perfect shape. I picked
her to be the first out of the "triple A" list because she was nearby and
because Uncle Bert had said she loved to have threesomes and had great
breasts.

My only problem was deciding which of my three I would take with me since I
needed only one of them to have a threesome.  Mary won by a coin toss. Lisa
was stoic about staying home, but Andy complained about not going with me.
I left her chained in the basement, a steel collar around her neck and
attached to the wall where Cathy had been kept.  I attached leather
restraint cuffs around her wrists and ankles, but did not attach them to
anything.

So was so sexy standing there chained and naked I almost stayed home. But,
as Lisa had said, they needed a firm hand.

"Take us to your bedroom, Mandy," I ordered.

I followed Mandy's twitching ass into her bedroom.  The condo was tastefully
furnished. Her
husband must have paid a pretty penny for all the decorations.   I wondered
how he would feel knowing his wife was at home fucking someone else while he
was at the office.

Mandy was eager, energetic and performed very well.  She was very proud of
those expensive tits.  I had her hold them together for me so I could titty
fuck her, which pleased her.  I let her and Mary pleasure me and each other
before I fucked her ass.  Mary had asked me not to cum in Mandy so I did
not.  I let Mandy clean my cock.  Then, Mary gave me a delightful blowjob as
she rode Mandy's face.

I fucked Mandy one more time.  We left her naked and well used on her bed.

Mary had that sleepy, well fucked look as she got into the truck beside me.
I saw her watching me as I worked my way through Denver traffic to the
interstate.  Finally, she spoke.

"Have fun?"

"Yes.  How about you?"

"Yes.  Was it better than the three of us?"

Different, yes.  Better, no.  Nothing was better than the three of them.
Was Andy correct?  Would I find the more other women I fucked, the more my
three would stand out?  Honestly, with three I even had the variety missing
in a monogamous relationship.

When we arrived in Vail, Lisa was preparing a magnificent dinner.  She was
learning to become a chef after all.

I went to the dungeon.  Andy was sitting on the floor, naked and forlorn.
She began to cry when she saw me and apologized profusely for making me
angry.  She tried to reach me but I stayed out of her grasp until I was
ready.  Then, I sat in a straight chair and pulled her into my lap. She
cuddled, rubbing that body against me as only she could.

"I want to do everything with you," she sniffed as she sat in my lap, her
neck still chained to the wall.  "Is that so bad? Wanting to be with you?
Sharing your fun?"

"No. It is good, not bad.  But, before I altered your programming, this
would never have
happened.  Maybe, I should return you to the prior programming."

"Please, Davy.  Don't ever do that!  I like this way so much more. I feel
like a whole person instead of having pieces missing.  I know my history.  I
know I am programmed but that makes my life nicer.  You know, I like
belonging to you."

"What should I do with you then?"

She got a shy, little smile, like a child caught in the candy.

"Well, being chained was not so bad.  I would rather be chained then
reprogrammed."

"Anything else?"

She squirmed on my lap and turned a bright red as she looked away, nervously
rubbing her hands together.

"You could whip me."

"You like that too much.  That would be a reward."

"I don't mean whip me like that.  I mean really whip me."

"Or, I could leave you to feel guilty about it."

She glanced up at me with sad, hang dog eyes.  Since the reprogramming
allowed her to do things of which I might not approve, it also allowed her
to feel guilty about them.  Andy did feel guilty about this. I knew that.
Is feeling guilty the ultimate punishment?

"Feeling guilty is something I hate.  It means I have angered or hurt you."

"Even worse, I could let you go several days without an orgasm."

To the kittens, no orgasm is the ultimate punishment. They all do love to
cum.  I was surprised when Andy gave me a grin and her eyes flashed.

"You are not that cruel,"  she said smugly.

No.  I was not normally that cruel.  However, it irritated me.  She was so
smug about it.  I decided to teach my delicious kitten a little lesson in
humility.

If you remember, the programming was really of three different kinds.  Mary
and Andy had been programmed by Uncle Bert so I could alter them by an
order.  With Lisa, I needed to say "Kitten Lisa. Programming adjustment."  I
had reprogrammed both Mary and Andy to require the terminology I used on
Lisa.  This was for my own personal ease of operation and for no other
purpose.  The third kind was the limited scope programming Uncle Bert did on
all the 3,000 kittens.

"Kitten Andy.  Programming adjustment.  You will not to be able to orgasm
again until I say
'Andy, orgasm.'  This is a one time programming. Kitten Andy. Programming
terminated."

She weaved back and forth on my lap as she returned to normal.

"Oh, please, no," she begged as she fell to the floor.

"You need to learn a little lesson," I said.

I retrieved a large vibrator from the toy box, greased it, and, despite her
moans and sobs, slipped it up her pussy. I turned it to high and ordered her
to hold it in place until I returned.  I left her there on the floor.

"Where is Andy?"  Lisa asked.

"She is chained to the dungeon wall with a large vibrator turned to high
buried in her pussy.  She has been commanded not to orgasm.  Would you like
the same thing?"

Lisa turned pale.  Mary looked away and shuddered. Both whispered "no, sir."

It was the first dinner without Andy I could remember.  The dinner
conversation was strained since Mary and Lisa knew Andy was in the basement
being punished in the worst way they could conceive of.  And, Andy normally
contributed happiness and brightness to dinner as she did to everything else
in our lives.  It was an hour and a half when I returned to her.

She was exhausted, covered in sweat and lying in a pool of wetness. Her face
was tight and distraught. She was on her back, feet firmly planted on the
floor, humping the vibrator still humming away inside her.

"Please," she moaned.

I pulled the vibrator from her and slipped my cock in its place. She locked
her legs around me.

"Quiet, little kitten," I said.  Then, I said, "Andy, orgasm."

Ever ride a bucking bronco?  Loud snorting sounds.  Legs flying everywhere.
Being tossed in the air.  I was almost bounced out despite all efforts to
hang on as she kicked and bucked, coming again and again before passing out.
It was wonderful.  I carried her to the bedroom, put her in bed and covered
her over.

Did she learn her lesson?  The lesson taught by a cruel master to a poor,
little sex slave?

Before I fell asleep, I felt her hand on my cock and the touch of her lips
on my ear.

"How long was I chained down there?" she whispered.

"An hour and a half."

"Next time, let's go for two hours," she said with a giggle, snuggling up
against me.

"Andy, how am I supposed to punish you if you always enjoy it?"

"Your disapproval was punishment enough, sweetheart.  I will do better.  I
promise.  But, can I do something sometime to make you punish me like that
in the dungeon?  I will let you know what I want before I do?"

"Yes, kitten," I said, kissing her softly on the lips.

"I love you," she said.

She slipped under the covers to wrap that delicious mouth around my soft
cock.  In a moment, she was asleep, sucking on my cock like a baby on a
teat.

I went to Aspen by myself the next day to enjoy a kitten there.  I don't
know why Uncle Bert bothered to program her.  She was a complete slut,
needing only a smile to spread her legs.  And, she was not that good in bed.
I gave a group of college students her name and address before I left town.
When I got home, I took her off the "A" list.

While the seventeenth and eighteenth were typical, I have to tell you about
my birthday, which, as you know, is January 19. I knew the kittens had been
plotting because of the secretive giggles, hushed conversations which ended
when I entered the room and the sly glances which fell on me.  I asked about
it.

"Davy, how can we plan anything if you are going to ask?  We can't even lie
to you about what we are doing," Andy complained.

"So, please let us have this secret," Lisa said.

"And, don't you dare go near the back bedroom," Mary added.

I wondered what they had planned.  Isn't that the best part of a holiday,
wondering about it?  What will Santa bring me this year? What is in that
box? Who will be at my party?  What will my lover give me?

So, I just grinned and waited.

Birthday afternoon, Mary pushed me out of the house with orders not to
return for two hours. I considered finding the cute ski instructor I had my
eye on, but instead went to a movie which I had not done in a while.   When
I returned, I found in the entry hall a purple piece of cloth and a note
which read:  "Mighty Caesar, put on your toga and then call for your slave."

A real Roman toga came to the floor.  This one barely covered my ass and
cock but I hoped that was part of their plan.  Feeling very Caesarish, I
called for my slave. Mary ran from the other room, dropped on the floor in
front of me and kissed the top of my foot. Then, she knelt in front of me.

Her blonde hair had been rolled on her head, leaving her neck bare, which
was a common style in old Rome. Around her neck was a chain with a padlock
at the nape.  She wore a halter which was really a push up bra, maximizing
the bounty she already possessed.  The bra did not cover her nipples.  A
golden chain attached her nipple rings and a bell swung from the chain. On
her biceps were wide golden rings like the Romans wore.

She wore a waist cincher or mini-corset, squeezing her waist.  Attached to
it was a little skirt which fell about as far as my toga.  I presumed
nothing was underneath.  Her feet were bare.  She had the gold kitten anklet
on her right ankle and the gold ring on her left thumb.  All in all, she was
a delightful slave.

"Welcome, Caesar," she said reverently.  "I have new slave girls and food
for your stomach.  May I show you to your rest so you may partake of your
pleasures?"

"Certainly, slave," I replied.  No one had given me a script for this little
play, so I was winging it.  I thought they would keep me on course.

Mary gracefully stood.  Her breasts were such open invitations, I cupped
one, making her gasp. I slipped my finger through the chain attached to her
nipples and pulled. She followed and was next to me. She did not raise her
head.

"Why not look at me, slave?"

"Caesar, you have ordered all slaves who dare look on your face be whipped."

"For you, I set aside that order.  I wish to see your face," I answered,
raising her head to be kissed.  I do enjoy kissing Mary, if I have not
mentioned it before. I particularly enjoy it when I am playing with her ass
and her breasts are crushed against me as they were this time.

She led me into the living room. All the furniture was gone.  The walls were
covered in wall
hangings.  Near the fireplace was a low table covered in food, primarily
breads and fresh fruits and cold meats, with several carafes of wine.  Small
pillows were strewn around the table.  The Romans lay down when they ate,
usually feeding themselves with their fingers.  I stretched out comfortably
which caused the toga to ride up so my cock showed.

"Caesar, if I may present the first of the new slaves?"

"Very well."

Mary returned in a minute with Andy.  Andy's blonde hair, normally worn
straight, was a mass of curls, long, dangling, soft curls.  She was naked
and her body had been oiled, making her glisten.  She had a metal slave
collar around her neck and a chain attached to it by which Mary led her.

A wide golden chain was wrapped around her.  I mean all around.  It was
attached around her neck and wrapped down around her breasts, crisscrossing
and emphasizing, then around her waist, across hips and down her thighs and
calves to be tied around her ankles. Her wrists and elbows were bound behind
her, drawing her arms back and arching her back. It was an intricate
Japanese rope bondage but with a golden chain which was perfect for her
tanned skin and golden hair.

She was very erotic and very exotic.

Mary yanked the chain around her neck and Andy fell to the floor at my feet.

"Have mercy, mighty Caesar, on a poor slave girl," she begged before kissing
my feet.  She looked up at me with a big grin and winked.

"I thought slaves were not allowed to look at me," I asked Mary.

"They are not, Caesar."

Guessing Andy's open violation of the no looking rule was part of the
script, I extended my hand and demanded, "Whip!"

Mary was prepared, handing me the small whip I liked to use.  With it, I
could whip Andy until my arm fell off and not really injure her, but it made
her skin tingle and that tingling went right to her pussy.  Andy enjoyed
that whip.

I pulled her into the supplication position, which is with her knees bent
and feet under her as in kneeling, pulling her head back until it and her
shoulders touch the floor.  The golden chain pulled tightly across her skin.
She had a happy, slutty expression as I laid the first lash across her
breasts.

I only gave her six.  The second was on her stomach, numbers three, four and
five on her thighs and six across her pussy. She had jumped and moaned with
each one.  Her eyes were watering and she was squirming when I pulled her
upright.

"Perhaps the slave can be better behaved," I said.

She mumbled something under her breath which sounded like, "The slave better
get fucked
tonight" but I ignored her. I yanked her to me by her hair and raped her
mouth with mine,  feeling her eager, hot tongue. When I shoved her to my
feet, her expression was happy and needy, as you would expect.

"May this poor slave suck Caesar's cock," she moaned.  I pulled her forward
to me and jammed my cock down her throat. She was all grins as she slid my
cock in and out of her willing mouth.

"The other slave girl awaits you, Caesar," Mary said.

I nodded affirmatively and in a flash she returned with Lisa. Lisa, too, had
a slave collar around her neck and a chain by which Mary guided her.  She
was dressed in veils, as Salome might have worn, transparent silk scarfs
which covered her body. She tinkled when she walked and I imagined all the
places bells were attached to her.

Her hair, usually straight, had been curled, but not like Andy's soft,
dangling curls.  These were tight, springy curls, so dark around her lovely
head.  She wore heavy makeup with her lips a hot, bright red and her eyes
heavy in eye shadow.  I could see a bell in each hand, like castanets.

"She looks like a common slut," I said, knowing Lisa would like that.  And,
she did, squirming and smiling happily.

"She is from the far reaches of your empire, Caesar, where the women relish
in their sluttishness," Mary countered.

"Where is such a place?"

"It is called Californicatium, Caesar.  May the slave show you her harlot's
dance?"

"Yes, but first, you come here.  Strip off your garments and pleasure me."

Mary yanked and the skirt, which was attached to the corset by Velcro, came
off in her hand. Her eyes questioned for instructions, then she removed the
corset.  Naked, she lay on the pillows beside me. I pulled  her close, my
hand under her to play with her pussy, her breasts crushed into my side, her
hand stroking my chest or her daughter's head.

Romans did not have CD players but we did.  Lisa turned on the music and
began to dance.

So, there I was, splayed on a stack of pillows.  Mary was naked and laying
by me, her body against mine as I played with her pussy.  Andy was in
bondage between my legs, sucking on my cock.  Lisa was beginning a
delightful bump and grind strip tease as I watched. So far, so great.

Lisa must have really practiced.  The dance was hotly erotic and very well
done.  She twirled and twisted, discarding veils one by one as bells rang
spasmodically.

Just close your eyes and picture me there, or, if you like, picture you in
my place, with your lovers doing to you as mine were to me.  This was a
great birthday party.

Lisa was sweating when the last of the veils drifted to the floor.  She had
a bell attached to each nipple and two between her legs, as well as a chain
of bells around an ankle and the ones in her hands.  She collapsed at my
feet. I pulled Andy's mouth off my cock as we all rested for a moment.

"Unchain her," I commanded.  Mary began removing the golden chain around
Andy's body,
leaving her skin lined with its indentions.

"I wish to see you slave girls pleasure each other."

"I told you," Andy muttered to Lisa out of the side of her mouth.

"Do you wish to be whipped again?" I snapped at her.

Before she could answer, Lisa interjected eagerly, "It is my turn to be
whipped, Dav, Caesar."  She turned a beet red, almost as red as her
lipstick.  I gave her a swat of the hand on her ass and she squealed
happily.

The kittens were ready for my orders for a girl-on-girl.  I had to admire
their planning for my
party.  They had thought of everything.

Andy and Lisa lunged at each other, rolling entwined on the floor.  Once
they stopped.  Lisa
strapped on a harness with a dildo. About six inches went up her pussy.  The
six inches hanging out slid up Andy.  Lisa's hips started to move as she
thrust in and out of Andy.

The two of them were sensual and erotic together.  I thought how they had
melded so quickly into best friends, how lucky I was they understood and
liked each other.  Needless to say, the programming smoothed the rough edges
and the fact they were both sex maniacs gave them a common ground.  Still,
things went smoothly.

As myhand played with Mary's pussy, I pushed Mary's head down to suck my
cock as I watched the orgy before me.  She came when I did.

Dinner followed.  They fed me with their fingers and I used their hair as my
napkin. Perhaps
another Caesar would have objected when the slaves got a little rowdy, but I
did not.  It was not really a food fight.  Let's say their food placement
was inaccurate. Of course, we used our mouths to lick each other clean.

I ate my cake piece by piece.  First one and then another, each kitten laid
back with her legs in the air, holding her pussy up to me by bracing her
hips on her hands.  I lathered her pussy with cake and icing.  Such a
delightful way to enjoy cake, or anything else.  Pussy juice is always a
fine condiment.

Then, we all retired to bed where we fucked and sucked and licked until
mighty Caesar drifted off to sleep very well fucked and not mighty anymore.

Did you ever have a birthday like that?  You should try it sometime.

It was not until the next morning I realized the only presents I had
received were them, the three kittens giving of themselves.  Those presents
were more valuable than gold.

The next ninety days or so, from mid January to mid May, were either normal
or abnormal, if I could determine what both of those words meant in relation
to my life style.

We spent a lot of time doing things together such as skiing, or working in
Mary's stores, or just sitting and visiting at a restaurant or in front of
our own fireplace.  Of course, we spent a whole lot of time naked and
playing together.

Don't think our nighttimes were all fucking.  Sometimes, we played bridge or
other games. I think we turned on the TV once but I cannot remember what was
on.

During that time,  I had twenty-three of the kittens on the "Triple A" list,
raising my total to
twenty-five of the 253.  I would not have had that many but my kittens
insisted.

One of the twenty-three was the woman who liked her German Shepard.  My
kittens offered to get a dog for sexual purposes, if I desired. When I asked
them if they wanted to fuck a dog, they all three said "no," although Lisa
said it tentatively. I declined their offer.  The devil dog had given me all
of dogs I wanted for a life time.

The reaction of my three live-in kittens when I returned from fucking one of
the other kittens was interesting.  They would question me in depth, making
me relate every little detail, every nuance.  Then, they would take me into
the bedroom and fuck me until I was exhausted.  Sometimes, I would be with
only one of them.  Other times, it was two or all three.  They were wild and
sexual and aggressively eager.

I decided their intensive debriefing was to learn anything about sex I might
have enjoyed so they could do it for me.  And, then they tried to fuck those
other women right out of my memory.  Not bad, eh?

Maybe Uncle Bert was smarter than I gave him credit for.  Maybe the old
saying is right.
Competition is a good thing.  In any event, I was the best fucked man in
America.

My kittens, as always, made sure I was happy and cared for and my house
clean and my stomach full of delicious food. I was inundated with back rubs
and foot massages and tender caresses.  While this really was no different
than before, I thought they were happier doing those things. Maybe, it was
my perception because I was happier since the devil dog was caged and my
decision made.

Since it the height of the busy season, all of us worked in Mary's shops and
I begin investigating a new shop to acquire, which would give us two
businesses in Vail. We skiing and partied, but no drinking.  Alcohol is bad
for fetuses and all three were planning ahead.

I slept at night with the three of them.  I awakened each morning with one
of them kneeling by my bed with a mug of coffee.

Then, on the morning of May 17, instead of being awakened by a kneeling
kitten with a mug of coffee, I was alone when I awakened to the sounds of
someone throwing up.

In the bathroom, Andy was hugging the toilet with Mary behind her, holding
her hair out of the way. Lisa was shifting excitedly from foot to foot as
she watched.

Andy looked up at me.  Her skin was pale and sweaty with a touch of green
and spittle slipped down her chin, but her eyes shined with a heavenly glow
and her lips had a beneficent smile.

"Morning sickness, sweetheart.  I must be pregnant."

Two days later, after she finished throwing up again, the four of us went to
the medical clinic.  The doctor gave them all pregnancy tests.  Mary and
Lisa were still not pregnant.  But, Andy was, confirming the cause of her
sickness.

None of us knew whether to laugh or cry, so we did both as we drove home.
We all sat on the floor in the living room, sipping soft drinks and
touching, relishing the moment.

Then, I saw Mary's eyes glaze over as if she were going into a trance.  I
had not seen that
expression in a long time and I wondered what was going to happen.


To be continued . . .

Please!  Give me your comments.

E-mail address:  ezriter@hotmail.com






MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 50 (MFFFF MC)

Bert's Last Message

"I have a message from Bert.  Andy is to hear it with you," Mary said quietly in
the unique voice of a trance, as she knelt in front of me.  Andy sat down by me,
but Lisa, who had never been present when a trance message was given, started to
leave.  I pulled her down by me, telling her to stay with us because she was
very much a part of this family. She hugged me gratefully as she curled up
against me.

In a moment, Mary began.

"Hello, son.  It is me again.  I knew you would get this message one day, but I
had no idea of the timing.  The only way it could be accessed is if either Mary
or Andy or both were pregnant.  You lucky guy!  Remember what I said about
telling my grandchildren about me.

Davy, Mary has a secret, a secret only she and I knew.  Because it made her very
distraught, I programmed her not to remember it.  When I began making plans to
give her to you, I decided to reveal the secret. You will have to handle it, but
it is better handled than left buried.  Sorry.  It is not something I could
correct in my lifetime.

Approximately ten seconds after this message is over, Mary will remember
everything.  Be prepared, Davy.

Kiss the kittens on their sweet little pussies for me, son. I love all of you
very much. Goodbye again."

Mary was quiet and still as I counted off the seconds. None of us moved for what
seemed an eternity. Her eyes opened, but they did not see us.  She burst into
tears as her hands flew to her face.

"Oh, my God! My baby! My baby!" she screamed.

Repeating "my baby, my baby," she sobbed and rocked back and forth, arms around
her middle, tears flowing in rivers.  She was hysterical.

It frightened me.  It frightened all of us.  I had never seen Mary like this,
out of control, her agony so severe it wrenched out her heart with every breath
she took.  When she realized Andy was beside her, she wrapped her arms around
her tightly, digging her nails in.  Andy was gasping for breath she was being
held so tightly, her own face showing her fear and distress at her mother's
desolation.

"Oh, God!  My baby, my baby!"

She ignored any attempt to placate her.  Immediately, I thought of programming
her to stop, but something told me to let her cry out whatever demon was in her.
I had no idea it would be almost twenty minutes of gut wrenching sorrow before
she began to calm down.

Have you ever seen a loved one with a devastating loss, an inconsolable sorrow? 
Remember how it hurts you to see them hurt so much?  We were like that for Mary.

I thought her sorrow must be about Andy and the baby, my baby Andy was carrying. 
All sorts of horrible thoughts crossed my mind: diseases, genetic abnormalities,
any thing you could imagine being wrong.

Mary was spent, but her body was still wracked by sobs, when she finally
released Andy and sat back, wobbling she was so exhausted.  We all three had
been crying with her.  She was in such pain, seeing her was painful for us. Andy
and Lisa had both been near hysteria themselves, but as Mary began to quieten,
so did they.

"Why didn't you program me not to hurt?" she said accusingly, her eyes red and
swollen as she stared at me.

"You needed to cry it out."

"Please, promise me you will program me to make the pain go away," she pleaded.

"If you want that, I will do it," I said, holding her for comfort. "But, what is
it?"

"Could I have some tea, please?" was her response.

Resisting the urge to order her to tell me, I sent Lisa to make herbal tea. The
tea helped sooth all of us, but I could stand it no longer.

"Is something wrong with Andy's baby?  My baby?"

"Oh, no! It is nothing like that.  Oh, God."

Sobbing, she pulled Andy back into her arms which made Andy and Lisa start
crying again.

"Mary! Calm yourself and talk to us! Tell us what is wrong!"

She nodded and took a series of deep breaths.  Then, she began.

"Andy, I told you your father was abusive.  He was a cruel man, a very cruel
man.  When I became pregnant by him, he told me he was going to take you away
from me and I would never see you again. He had abused me mentally and
physically, so when he threatened me legally, I was very afraid of him."

"Mother, I would never let that happen."

"Honey, you were a fetus.  You were not going to prevent anything.  Oh, Andy,
you do not know what it is like to be with a cruel man.  It is absolute hell for
a woman.  You have only known Bert and Davy, both of whom are wonderful, dear,
men.  That is the reason Matt frightened me so much. He was cruel, like your
father."

Mary sipped at her tea, still restoring herself to equanimity.  The rest of us
were speechless.

"Then, we found out something which changed everything.  I was pregnant with
twins. Twins, Andy.  I made an agreement with your father when we determined
both the babies were girls.  I would keep the first born, name her Andrea and
give her my surname.  That is you.  Andrea Mathews.  He would take the second
born and name her Angela.  He would give her his surname.  Anderson. Angela
Anderson.  She is your twin sister, borne eleven minutes after you."

The room was deathly quiet, our collective breathing the only sound.  We all
were in shock!

Andy had a twin sister, a sister none of us knew about until that moment. My
mind was reeling.

"I don't understand," Andy said mechanically.  "Do you mean that you gave birth
to two babies and I am one of them?"

"Yes, honey.  I gave birth to twins.  You are one.  Angela Anderson is the
other."

"Go ahead! Finish the story," I said.

Andy looked at me with disbelief, not comprehending what she had heard.

"Part of our arrangement was neither of us would ever try to contact the other's
child.  He has kept that bargain and so have I.  I never saw her.  I do not know
if she is an identical or a fraternal twin. I do not even know if she is alive."

Mary started to cry again and I held her to me.

"Oh, Davy, Bert saw how much I was hurting. He offered to find her and bring her
to me.  He said he would program Donald to be a eunuch missionary in deepest
Africa so he could not harm us, but I was still afraid.  I was so terrified I
would not let Bert help me. So, he programmed me not to remember."

"Donald is my father?" Andy asked, still in shock over the news.

"Yes, Andy.  Donald Anderson.  He was from Chicago. All I know about his family
is he had an older sister who was married to a lawyer.  Her name was Patricia."

"You mean besides a father and sister, I have cousins?"

"You might.  Oh, Andy, let's not get our hopes up!  I could not stand another
disappointment like that. We don't even know if Angela is alive.  If she is
alive, she might not want to see us."

Andy pounced on me with an intensity which equaled her mother's hysteria of
minutes ago.  She grabbed my shoulders and shook me as she spoke.

"Find her! Find her now, Davy!  You must do it!"

"I will, sweetheart.  I will."

"No.  I mean now!  Get up and do it now!"

"Andy.  Settle down."

"Damn you! Now!" she screamed as she hit my chest with her fist.

While, as you know, I love Andy with all my heart and would do anything for her,
I had enough female hysteria for the moment. Her hysteria was not helping
address the problem, in any event.

"Kitten Andy. Programming adjustment. You will be calm about your sister. You
will not worry about finding her, trusting me to handle the situation. Kitten
Andy.  Programming terminated."

Andy wobbled and fell against me, wrapping her arms around me for support. I
held her until she pushed back to look up at me.

"It is wonderful you will handle this for us so I don't have to worry about it. 
Thank you, Davy.  I know you will do what is right."

It was said sweetly and lovingly.  There was not an ounce of tension or anxiety
in her voice or body.  She brought her lips to mine in a gentle kiss.

"Program me the same way, please, Davy," Mary said softly.

"Me, too," Lisa added.

One of the disadvantages of being the tom cat instead of the kitten is no one
programmed me to relax while someone else worried about it. Once again, I
silently thanked Uncle Bert for having Andy program me to think deeply, clearly
and calmly which she did that first day I met her.

After programming Mary and Lisa, I took some deep breaths and concentrated on
the problem.  By dinner, my attorney in Denver had located a private
investigator in Chicago.  When I talked to him, I offered double his regular
rate and he started immediately.

Our whole world had changed.

Suddenly, there was a new woman in our lives.  This would not be a kitten I
could fuck and forget, not unless I reprogrammed Mary, Andy and Lisa to forget
what they had only just learned. While the idea of another Andy was tremendously
appealing, another kitten in the household did change our relational
equilibrium.

I lay awake in bed that night, Andy to my left, Mary to my right, with Lisa to
her right. I felt Andy's hand steal across my chest.

"I can't sleep," she whispered.

"Me either.  Let's get up."

As we tried to slip out of bed, Mary and Lisa announced they were still awake. 
Soon, all four of us were in the living room with a large bowl of popcorn
between us, talking about what was happening.

The programming to be calm and let me worry about finding Angela, the natural
sweet happiness of my kittens, the knowledge a detective was at work, and the
passage of some time, had restored us all to the positive well being we normally
enjoyed.

Once again, we laughed together.  By now you know, the laughter we shared is as
important, or more important, than the sex we shared.  Laughter is the music of
love.

Of course, as always, Andy was an imp.

"You know, sweetheart.  I am a twin.  You have twin sisters.  I could be
carrying twins right now and we would not know it yet," Andy said, stuffing
popcorn in her mouth. "And, Mom gave birth to twins, so when she gets pregnant,
they could be another set of twins. Then, if Angela gets pregnant by you, well. 
Think, Davy.  Three sets of twins at one time.  Lisa's baby would make seven, or
eight, if she has twins.  Eight newborns.  What about that?"

Suddenly, I was horrified that all of them were unprotected and liable to get
pregnant.  I never thought about eight babies at once.

Andy laughed at my expression and patted my cheek with a soft hand greasy with
popcorn butter.


"I wonder what she is like?" Mary said half to herself.

We all wondered that and the conversation quickly became speculation about
Angela.

Think about it!

Was Angela an identical twin? Or, a fraternal twin, looking no more like Andy
than any sister born at a separate time? Was I going to find a new Andy or
someone entirely different? Was she married or engaged or what?  What would be
the differences between Andy and Angie? What impact had living with her father
had on her?

The happy mood of the evening was contagious.  Soon, we all were giggling. And,
when we giggle, we touch.  Then, Andy started talking about her own pregnancy
again. She bit off the end of the pickle she was eating and set up, cupping her
breasts in her hands and staring down at them.

"Mom, did your boobs grow when you had me? I mean, had us?"

"Yes.  They were gigantic.  You know, Andy, you have to dispose of all that milk
regularly.  One baby probably cannot take it all."

"Oh, I bet I know someone who will help with that," she said, leering at me. She
leaned over to dangle a nipple in my face.

"Want to practice suckling my tits?" she asked, pushing her nipple against my
mouth.

I wanted to and I did.  She moaned and pushed her breast harder against me.

"Mom?  Is he doing it right?" Andy asked breathlessly.

"What do you mean?"

"I mean, I am getting horny from this.  Does that happen?"

"Not with all women.  It did with me.  I wanted to be fucked after most
feedings."

"I thought maybe the way he was sucking might make me horny but not make my milk
flow."

"There is a right way and a wrong way to do it.  He would have to suckle my
breast for me to be sure."

"Well, let him," Andy retorted.

Mary moved to let her breast dangle over my mouth.  I suckled.  Then, Lisa
wanted to know what it felt like. So, we ended the evening with me suckling
breasts,  "just for practice" as Andy said.  No, we really ended in the bedroom
as we always did, but you guessed that, didn't you?

I wondered if there was a way to keep one or all of them in milk forever.  I
have heard mother's milk is very healthy.

I closed my eyes and tried to imagine Andy's D-cup breasts twice as big, with so
much heavy and rich milk it oozed from her nipple. I fantasized her leaning over
me, her huge breast dangling above my face, as I leisurely sucked. She was
moaning in sexual need as her sweet, hot milk flowed into me.  Ummm.  Nice
fantasy.  I was looking forward to making it a reality.

It took a week for the PI report to come in.  When he called about nine in the
morning, I immediately called Mary at the store.  She made me promise not to say
anything to the others until she got home.  When she arrived, the four of us sat
at the kitchen table as I gave them the report.

"Donald Anderson died four years ago.  He was married once. His wife died in
childbirth leaving him a baby girl to raise ('Bastard,' Mary muttered). Angela
Anderson, his only child ('I am his child', Andy interrupted) lives with
Patricia Anderson Caldwell, Donald's sister, and George Caldwell, her husband,
in Grosse Pointe, Michigan.  George Caldwell is an attorney.  His wife, Angela's
aunt, is Angela's legal guardian.  Angela has just completed her freshman year
at the University of Michigan. The Caldwells have two natural children,
Elizabeth, who is nineteen and George, Jr., twenty-one. Both are students at
Michigan. No picture or description of Angela was given."

"What now, Davy?" Mary asked.

"I could not get a charter on such short notice, but I made reservations on a
commercial flight.  Go pack."

On the way to the plane, I adjusted their programming to allow them to enjoy the
excitement of finding Angela, even if it meant they were harder to handle.  Is
that love, or stupidity, or what?  Whatever it was, it was greatly appreciated
by all three of them.  I never lose when they are grateful.  Believe me.

We flew first class, the four of us occupying the first row.  After the seat
belt sign was extinguished, they huddled on one side, gossiping and giggling. 
The three of them chattered like birds all the way there. I tried to nap, but, I
could hear them. Does she look like me?  Is her hair long?  Is she sweet?
Pregnant? Married? Smart? On and on, questions never ceasing.  By now, they had
thought of every possible question about her, but they liked to discuss them
over and over.

The flight arrived at Wayne County Airport, which serves the greater Detroit
area, about five.  We rented a Cadillac and drove the interstate past downtown
Detroit into The Pointes.  The Caldwells lived in a lovely home near Lake St.
Claire.  It was six thirty when I rang their bell.

A tall, distinguished looking man with greying hair answered. He was wearing a
white shirt, tie and suit pants, indicating he had not changed since he came
home from the office.  His eyes scanned us, stopping when he came to Andy.

"What is the matter, Angie?  Forget your key?" he said.

All three of my kittens gasped at George's misidentification. His color paled. 
His eyes scanned us again, slower and harder this time, stopping a long time to
study Mary. Then, he focused on Andy again.

"You are not Angie, are you?"

"No, sir.  I am Andy, her twin sister.  May I call you Uncle George?"

The man looked as shocked as we had been when we first heard the news.  It
seemed an hour, but, actually he recovered fairly quickly, and a warm smile
covered his face.

"Yes, Andy, you can.  You better come in," he said as he opened the screen door
for us.

He hugged each of the women as they entered, holding on to Andy a long time,
which I presumed was an uncle's love and not because her delicious body was
pressed hard against him.  Excusing himself, he asked us to wait.

As we stood in the living room, the three kittens were holding hands, excited
and anxious expressions on their faces.  I told myself to be calm.  In a moment,
George returned with a tall, thin and elegant woman whom he introduced as Patty,
his wife.  Without speaking, she stared open mouthed at Andy.  Tears forming in
her eyes, she took Andy in her arms and hugged her.

For the next hour or so, we talked to George and Patty. It was clear they were
two kind, decent people who loved Angela and had her best interests at heart.
They were as surprised to find Angie had a sister and a mother as we were to
find out about Angie.

"Don told us Angie's mother died giving birth," Patty said during the
conversation.  "Obviously, that is not true."

"No. It is not,"  Mary replied.  She told them of the arrangement to separate
the girls. And, she told Patty of her brother's cruelty.  Patty looked very
pained.

"I knew my brother had a mean streak, but I never guessed he would do something
like this. Mary, I am so sorry."

Patty was being sincere.  It seemed nature had played a mean trick on the
Anderson children, giving Patty most of the good and Donald most of the bad.
That happens sometimes.

Finally, Patty asked.  "What do you want of Angela?"

"I want her to come live with me, with us, I mean," Mary replied.  "I want my
daughter."

"Let me ask a question, if I may?" George said, in his best lawyer's tone. His
face turned a bit red. "I am not criticizing, you understand.  You are lovely
people, but, your life style.  We are conservative sociologically and I see . .
. "

None of us helped him out.  We waited for him.

"I see three very sensual women"

"George!" Patty interjected.

"They are, Patty. I see three very sensual women who live with one man. Those
women have identical necklaces with kittens charms, and rings on their thumbs. 
We only want the best for Angie. I mean, could you tell us, well, how she would
benefit from being with you?"

"Look at us!  Don't we look unbelievably happy?  Don't we look healthy and well
loved and cared for? Don't we appear to be a wonderful, tight-knit family?"

"You do, Lisa.  By the way, exactly how do you fit in?"

"She is my sister,"  Andy said defiantly, holding Lisa's hand.

"Your child, Mary?"

"No.  But, she and Andy are just like sisters. Lisa will be a sister to Angie,
too."

"And, you?" George said looking at me.

"I am not Andy's sister," I replied flippantly.

He gave me a dirty look.

"Look!  We have a legal responsibility to Angie.  And, we love her as if she
were our own."

How was I to answer the question?  I could program them to not worry about Angie
or to forget she even existed. I was ready to do just that, but an idea struck
me. Guessing from George's age that he would remember the communes which were
popular a while back, I gave him this answer.

"We are a commune, except we bathe and cut our hair," I said with a smile. I was
not sure they were going to like that answer, but George grinned for a moment
before continuing.

"I remember the communes.  Free sex and all that.  I do not think Angie would
like that kind of arrangement."

"Oh, we don't have free sex.  Davy is the only man who fucks us," Andy said with
a bounce in her voice.  Then, she blushed and squirmed in her seat.

"She probably will not want to go," George continued. "She is very happy here. 
She has made many friends. And, never forget, she will be very shocked, and
quite possibly hurt, by the existence of a mother and a twin sister."

Andy's face fell. A tear rolled down her cheek as she pleaded with him.

"Please, Uncle George!  Let me talk to her!"

I could see George relent a little.  Andy gave him that sick puppy look and
batted those big, blue eyes at him. All you men know that look.  And, all you
women use it whenever you think it will help.

"Uncle George, when can I meet my sister?" she said in a plaintive tone.

George lovingly stroked her head.

"They called this afternoon. Angie and my son and daughter are driving in from
Mackinaw Island.  They should be here in another hour or so."

"Can we wait?"

"Let us talk to her when she gets in.  She needs some time with this, Andy. She
will be horribly shocked.  Why don't you come back for breakfast?  Say, nine in
the morning?"

George could not be persuaded to let us stay to meet Angie.  I grudgingly
admired how he maintained his resolve in the face of three pleading and very
determined women who used every female trick to break him down. I finally had to
order the three of them to leave, which they did with tears and grumbling. We
drove down Jefferson Street and checked into the Westin Hotel in the Renaissance
Center, taking a two-room suite with a king-sized bed.  We ordered seafood
salads with pie for dessert from room service.

The four of us talked for hours, letting our excitement run down in the process.

Our speculation on what Angela was like had been modified since we now knew she
looked exactly like Andy.  George had mistaken Andy for Angie when we first
arrived. But, the repetitive speculation continued.

"The important question," I said, "is whether she will want to go back to
Colorado with us."

"How much formula do you have with you?" Andy asked.

"Enough for five people."

"If we have to program everyone in the family, she is coming home with us."

Andy's strident voice and determined jaw faded.  She looked a little embarrassed
as she crawled into my lap and pressed herself against me.

"Am I being too pushy?"

"No.  You are not."

"You know how much I love you.  You know I would walk away now and never mention
her again if you wanted me to, even without you changing my programming."

"Yes, Andy.  I know."

She smiled very lovingly at me. Her eyes were soft and wet. Then, she got that
gleam in her eye, the one saying she had the winning hand and knows it.

"I know you love me, love the three of us, so much you will make sure she comes
with us whether she wants to or not.  And, I know you will not program us to
forget her."

"Yes, Andy, my precious kitten.  I love all of you that much."

She kissed me, softly at first, but with increasing ardor.

"If you love us that much, why don't you take us to bed and prove it."


To be continued . . .

Please!  Give me your comments.

E-mail address:  ezriter@hotmail.com









MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 51 (MFFFF MC Rom)

Angie

The bedroom of our suite smelled like sex, but we had a small orgy in it and the
odor was to be expected. I was on my back in a deep sleep. Someone was curled
against my left side, her arm over me, her breasts and pubis jammed against me,
her breath warm on my neck. Someone was curled against my right side in the same
position and with the same effect.  Someone was between my legs, sleeping
contentedly, using my inner thigh as her pillow.

The problem was someone else was pounding on the door of the suite. I extricated
myself from the pile to the accompaniment of unhappy muttering, found my
trousers, and stumbled toward the door as I put them on. The clock read one.

A beautiful young women stood at my door. It had to be Angela Anderson since, at
first glance, she was Andrea Mathews, who I knew to be asleep in my bed.  A
second glance showed the differences between the twins.  Where Andy was tanned
and trim, Angie was pale from her winter in Michigan and carried a little more
weight. Where Andy looked happy with a twinkle in her eyes, Angela looked mad as
hell, almost demented, and on the edge of mental collapse.

"I want the bitch who says she is my mother," she said without so much as a
hello.

She stormed past me to the bedroom and turned on the light as she entered. The
three kittens came awake with a start.

"My sister!" Andy said, stumbling out of bed to embrace her twin.

Angela appeared shocked by Andy's nakedness and incensed by her approach. She
shoved her away. If she had any feeling of love for Andy, it was well hidden.  I
expected Andy to be hurt, but she turned to me with fire in her eyes.

"Get a dose ready.  We are going to program her now,"  she said. Then, she gave
me a big, sexy smile and batted her eye lashes in mock submission.  "If that
pleases you, Davy."

I grinned back at her.  I told you there was steel under the softness.

Angela was standing at the end of the bed, glaring down at Mary and Lisa, both
of whom lay there totally exposed.  Open mouthed, Angela stared at them, as if
trying to comprehend their nakedness and occupying one bed. I felt sure the
nipple and pussy rings surprised her, too.

Angela knew which one was her mother.  The truth is, except for a few lines of
age on Mary which I found to be sexy and appealing, the three of them could have
been triplets.

"Why did you abandon me, you goddamned bitch!" Angela screamed.

"I did not abandon you, baby.  Please!  Let me explain!"  Mary replied as she
started to get out of bed.

"Go to hell!  I hate you for abandoning me!  Never, ever contact me again! Stay
the hell out of my life!"

Andy grabbed Angela by the shoulders, but Angela yanked away.

"Look at me, Angie.  I am your sister.  I am you," she pleaded.

"I hate you even more then I hate her because you are the one our Mother chose
and I am the one she gave away!  You go to hell, too!"

Angie's voice was cold as ice, hatred and resentment spewing forth with every
syllable.

I could understand Angie's anguish from her feeling of abandonment.  It must be
horrible to think your mother is dead, to grow up without her, only to find she
is alive and has never once tried to see you. As great a horror as that is,
finding out she kept your twin but left you can only compound your desolation.

And, I can understand Mary's sorrow.  I prayed I would never experience anything
that devastating.  The loss of a child, particularly when the child is somewhere
in the same country but you cannot see her, must be as deep a pain as that which
was ripping Angie apart.

Often, this type of deep psychological rift can take years to heal. Fortunately,
I could do something about it. I would have acted even if Andy had not demanded
I act.

As Angela turned to leave,  Andy seized her in a full nelson and fell back on
the bed with Angela struggling and screaming on top of her.  Lisa held Angela's
legs and Mary held her head as I poured the chemical down her throat.  As
always, she relaxed and her eyes rolled back in her head when the chemical hit
her system

I programmed her as follows:

"Kitten Angela, I am Davy, your man and your master.  You are my slave.  You
belong to me.  I call my slave kittens and you are my kitten. You love me with
all your heart and mind, as you hoped in your wildest dreams you would some day
love a man. You are loyal, devoted and caring, wishing only the best for me. You
want me to be happy. You obey my every command.  You are docile.

I love you. You have no doubt as to my love or caring for you. My love for you
is what you can always rely on.

You love Mary, Andy and Lisa deeply and fully, for they love you that way. The
four of you share a deep affinity and caring.

You fully realize and appreciate how much you are cherished and loved by the
four of us.

Any resentments you feel toward any of us will be held in by you.  Those
feelings will come out in discussions with all of us after we return to
Colorado.  Then, those resentments will disappear, forever vanquished from you.

You will never reveal your programming or your status as my kitten to anyone,
but you will be aware of it. Being programmed will be natural to you.  You will
understand its benefits and welcome it. You will protect and preserve the status
and integrity of our relationship.

I can alter your programming at any time by giving you the command 'Kitten
Angela. Programming adjustment.'  Programming will be complete both this time
and in the future when I say, 'Kitten Angela. Programming terminated.' You will
then follow your new commands. No other person may change your programming.

Any time you wish something, you may come to me and seek it. Even if it is
buried in your subconscious, you can relate it to me. You may always talk to me,
asking whatever you wish and you will know I answer you truthfully.

You enjoy being owned by me, being a kitten.  You enjoy sex with me and with
anyone else, male or female, I order you to be with.  You take pride in your
body and your sexual skills.

You are a loving, kind, caring woman who enjoys life, works hard to keep herself
in physical, mental and emotional condition, is very happy to be my kitten, and,
above all, loves, trusts, and wishes to please me.

I repeat: You obey my every command. You are docile.

Kitten Angela, programming terminated."

Mary hugged me as tears flowed down her face.

"Thank you, Davy, for thinking of me," she murmured as I hugged her
reassuringly.

"Help me," Andy grunted as she struggled to get Angie's dead weight off her.

I lifted Angie to the head of the bed, propping her up on pillows. Mary and Andy
sat on each side of her, holding a hand.  Lisa and I sat by her feet.

You probably noticed I programmed Angie differently than I programmed Lisa.
Particularly, I twice told Angie she would obey every command and be docile. 
First, Angie is a different person with different circumstances than Lisa. More
importantly, I wanted to have a greater control of Angie than I did the others
until her subconscious had an opportunity to percolate these problems and sort
through them. Mary summarized that for all of us.

"Davy, it may be a few days before the programming takes full effect. When there
is a great conflict and the programming is new, her brain has to work through
the problems."

"We will give her that time.  It will be okay, Mary."

"I know, my love," she whispered, squeezing my hand.

It was three or four minutes before Angie's eyelids fluttered.  She looked at
us, focusing on each in turn. She looked at each of us again, this time calling
our name as if associating name and face. Then, she stared at me.

"You are Davy?  You are my master?"

"Yes, Angie.  I am."

"I am your kitten?"

"Yes, Angie. Do you understand what being a kitten means?"

"Yes.  I am your slave. I belong to you.  I am to obey every command and to be
docile.  But, you love me, too, and I love you.  I love you more than I thought
imaginable.  It is confusing."

"It will become clear to you over the next few days. I have some new jewelry I
want you to wear."

She lay still as I fastened the necklace, bracelet and anklet on her, and put
the ring on her thumb.  She was exactly Andy's size and the jewelry fit
perfectly.  She stared at the thumb ring. Then, she stared at me.

"I do not want to be your slave.  I do not want to obey you."  She shook all
over, like a dog when it is chilled. "What is it you wish me to do, master?"

"When I say sleep, you are going to sleep, a deep and very restful sleep. In the
morning, we will gather your belongings at the Caldwell's house and leave to go
home."

"Home?"

"To Colorado.  To my home, where you will live."

"I live here, in Grosse Pointe.  I can't sleep in Colorado.  I can't sleep here.
I have no nightgown."

"We sleep naked, Kitten Angie.  I want you to undress."

"No.  No man has ever seen me naked.  I will not do it."

As she spoke the words refusing the order, she removed the sweatshirt she was
wearing.  Then, she unzipped her jeans. She stopped and covered herself, turning
to prevent me from seeing her. It was as if her body and her mouth were
controlled by two different brains.  She was saying what she would have said
unprogrammed, but following my instructions.

"I order you to remove your bra and panties," I said.

"No," she replied, but she removed them slowly.

Angie was white, softer and a bit heavier than Andy.  But, Andy was a skier and
hiker while Angie was a college kid in Michigan.  She first tried to cover her
nakedness, body curled, arms covering, with her side turned to me. But, seeing
the other three kittens naked and comfortable with it, she slowly relaxed until
she stood without apparent embarrassment.

I was glad the living room of the suite had a couch which made into a double
bed. That king sized bed in the bedroom would not hold all of us comfortably.
Stiffly, Angie lay down when I ordered her to do it.  Her face reflected her
fear as I looked down at her.  I tucked her in bed and kissed her cheek.

"Now. Kitten Angie, when I say 'sleep', you will fall into a deep, restful,
pleasant sleep. In that sleep, your subconscious will work on your programming
and on your feelings, coming to realize your programming is correct and best for
you. You will sleep until you hear me say, 'Wake up, Angie.'  Then, you will
awaken happy and fully rested."

"I am a sex slave.  Why aren't you going to fuck me?" she asked, shivering
again, face devoid of emotion.

"Sleep, Kitten Angie."

Her eyes closed and she was asleep.

"May I sleep with my sister?  It would be like a slumber party," Andy said, eyes
bright and wide.

"Yes, you may.  However, I order you to sleep as soon as your head hits the
pillow."

"Spoil sport," she muttered, crawling into bed.  She maneuvered until she was
pressed against Angie.  She was careful not to let the pillow touch her head. 
She smiled at me and winked before laying her head down.  She was instantly
asleep.

I commanded Lisa to sleep also, leaving only Mary and me awake.  Mary cuddled up
against me.

"Thank you for everything," she whispered.

"You're welcome.  Do you want to go to sleep?"

"What are my alternatives?" she asked as her took my soft cock in her hand.

Since I had several alternatives, it was a while before she and I went to sleep.

In the morning, I let Angie sleep until the rest if us had showered and were
dressing. Her spirt was better thanks to a good night's sleep, but it was still
obvious to me that the mental and emotional conflicts were warring inside her. 
I did not expect it to stop overnight.  I knew time was on my side and patience
would prevail.  However, she appeared serene and calm which was definitely an
improvement over last night.

I instructed Andy, Lisa and Mary to wear jeans and pullover cotton sweaters. All
four of them wore the kitten bracelets on their left wrists. They all wore bras
since I did not want to blow George's mind with all that female pulchritude.  It
was going to be hard enough (pun intended) for any male who saw the four of them
in their skin tight jeans and revealing sweaters.

George, Patty, George Junior and Beth were all eagerly waiting for us when we
arrived at their house.  We had a pleasant but tear racked breakfast as the
Caldwells said goodbye to Angie. The four of them cried at losing her, but they
understood she wanted to be with her mother and sisters.  Of course, they did
not understand she was programmed that way.

Angie redressed in her jeans and sweater to match the others.  After packing
some of Angie's things to take with us and preparing the rest for shipment, we
said our goodbyes and headed for the airport.

We boarded first, which delayed the other passengers since the four argued about
who would sit with whom. I sat Lisa by Andy and Mary by Angie, across from each
other in the first row of first class. I had the left aisle behind them.  I
enjoyed watching all the boarding passengers trying not to stare at my four
kittens. Sitting next to me was a nice guy in his fifties.  He smiled and said
hello before pulling out his laptop. I did not hear from him again.

The flight was uneventful, as was the drive from Denver to Vail.  During that
time, Mary, Andy and Lisa took turns visiting with Angie. Angie spoke little and
then usually in response to a question from someone else.

When we arrived in Vail, I sent Andy and Angie on a short tour of the town and
the grocery store.

While they were gone, I asked Mary if anything interesting had occurred in their
conversations.  She replied in the negative.

As always, dinner was excellent and relaxed.  We visited after dinner as usual. 
When it was bedtime, I sent Angie into the second bedroom to sleep, once again
instructing her subconscious to work on the issues.  I crawled into my bed with
my three kittens.

The next morning was a blah, with all three kittens in a blue mood.  The day did
not get better. Angie was lethargic and uncommunicative.  I could not understand
why she was not responding properly to her programming.

That night I left them to talk and hit a bar.  Things got better there when I
found a women I remembered as being on the "Triple A" list.  Luck was with me
and her husband was out of town.  So, I shacked up, which is something I had not
done in a long time.

When I sneaked into my bedroom about two, there were four kittens in my bed.
They were stretched out side by side.  It was a beautiful sight to see not only
for the physical beauty but because it meant some progress was being made by
Angie.  I quietly slipped out and crashed in the bedroom Angie had been using. 
In a few minutes, I heard the patter of feet.

She pulled back the bedcovers and slipped in by me.  I felt her mouth around my
cock, sucking gently.  When he got hard, she eased him into her pussy and
sighed, putting her head on my shoulder.

"I love you," she whispered.

"I love you, too," I answered, as I rolled her over.

She wrapped her legs around me and pulled me into her, groaning as I fucked her
long and hard. She came at least three times before I let myself cum in her.

"Don't pull out.  Stay on top of me," she murmured in my ear, her legs locked to
hold me in her.

We fell asleep that way.

I awakened with Lisa kneeling on my bed with a mug of hot coffee. She let me
have half of it before taking it for a refill.  Mary returned with the coffee
this time.  As she knelt by me, I slipped my finger through her pussy ring and
tugged.

"Unless you plan to fuck me, don't do that," she said with a grin.

"I would love to fuck you."

"You are a horny tom cat.  Twice last night wasn't enough?"

"How did you know about the other one?"

"I tasted her on your cock.  Who was she?"

"Brenda."

"Oh.  Charlie must be out of town again.  Bert used to love to fuck her."

"Well, do I get fucked?"

"Of course, my love."

I turned to put my mug on the side table.  When I looked back, Andy and Angie
were standing there.

"Good morning, kittens."

When they answered, it hit me.  Andy's voice was positive, with a musical lilt. 
Angie's was passive, a monotone again.  I had programmed her incorrectly.  I had
programmed her to be docile. As much as I liked fucking Mary (or any of them),
it was time to begin the dialogue with Angie to exorcize her demons.

We began after breakfast, all five of us sitting in a circle in the living room.
I changed Angie's programming, removing the docile command.

It took all day, with food being brought in and short restroom breaks.  The
tears and crying were severe.  The hugs and touching were greater, however. By
the end, I felt Angie, Mary and Andy had worked out the family problems well
enough that future problems would be bumps, not hills.

Part of what came out that day was Angie's sexual history, which I found to be
very interesting.

Think about it.  They were identical twins but raised completely apart without
knowledge of each other. One was raised by a mother, the other by a father. One
in a rural setting, one urban. What would you expect Angie's history to be?

I knew what I expected.  Since Mary was so open sexually and Andy was sucking
cocks at thirteen, I expected Angie to be a wild and wanton little slut. 
Remember, Andy might have been if she had not been programmed by Uncle Bert.

Angie was a virgin.  Once, she had sucked a boy's cock, but she was in college
before she did that.  She had been making love with Elizabeth, her cousin, for
two years. It began as curiosity, expanded to mutual masturbation and ended as
girl-to-girl sex.  While Donald had been very puritanical with her, and the
Caldwells were, as George had, conservative sociologically, neither must have
extended their sex prohibitions to same sex activity.

Interesting, isn't it?  All three of my kittens enjoyed sex with other women. 
And, it was the only kind of sex Angie had experienced.  I wondered if all
females were naturally bisexual, or if circumstances had created these
situations.  Were these situations anomalies?  Or, did they occur all the time? 
How about us men?  Are we naturally bisexual?  Like I said. Interesting.

That night, I lined my kittens up to be kissed.  All were naked except Angie.  I
received my standard eager, deep tongue kisses from the three. Angie kissed me
like I was a Dutch uncle.

"Davy, if you like, I will teach her how to kiss," Andy said with the devil in
her eyes.

"I can handle it, but thank you."

"One more night alone, Angie.  Tomorrow night you will be in my bed," I said.

She blushed, but her eyes were hot. She started to say something, but stopped,
turning even redder. The programming was really kicking in now that the block of
the other problems was out of the way.

"As you sleep, think about what will happen tomorrow, Angie.  Think and dream,"
I said, kissing her again.

In the morning, I was awakened to whispers and the smell of coffee.  Two kittens
were kneeling on my bed.

"This is the way we awaken him.  If he is near the edge of the bed, we kneel on
the floor.  If he is in the middle of the bed, we kneel next to him. Like this,
with your leg against his. Keep your knees apart so he can play with your pussy
if he wants to."

"Does he want to a lot?"

"Oh, yes.  Now, say 'Good morning, sweetheart. Here is your coffee.'  After you
hand him the mug, kiss him on the lips.  Be sure to let your nipples drag across
his chest.  He likes that.  Ready to try it?"

"I guess so."

"That was not very positive."

"Sure.  I am ready."

I felt movement as Angie maneuvered closer to me.

"Good morning, sweetheart.  Here is your coffee."

I opened my eyes.  Can you imagine any sight in this world you would rather wake
up to than Andy and Angie naked and kneeling on your bed?

As I took the mug from her, Angie was a bright red. She leaned over and kissed
my lips. For an instant, a nipple touched me.

"No. Drag them. Do it again."

Andy pushed down on Angie's back as Angie kissed me again.  This time her
nipples dug furrows in my chest because they were hard as diamonds.

"Better.  Now, sit without speaking and await his pleasure."

As I sipped the hot coffee, I slipped a hand between Angie's legs. I let my
fingertips tantalize her thigh from knee to crotch before I stroked her pussy
lips with one finger.  Her lips were already swelling with desire, which pleased
me greatly.

"Andy, he is doing it.  Oh."

"Feels good, doesn't it?"

"Yes.  Oh, Andy, Andy.  His, finger, is, is, going, in, me."

"Tilt your pussy towards him, not away.  Make it available to him."

Andy was pushing on Angie's ass to direct her pelvis in the direction she
wanted. I slipped my finger out of her and held it up.

"What does he want?"

"Lick his finger clean.  Not like a popsicle.  Take it in your mouth like it was
cock and suck and tongue it.  That's right."

The first half mug had wound its way to my stomach and I was able to talk.

"How are you this morning, Kitten Andy?"

"Wonderful, Davy.  How are you?"

"Fine, thank you.  And, how are you, Kitten Angie?"

"Wonderful, too, Davy."

"What would you like to do today, Angie?"

She turned a beet red and glanced at Andy, who smiled at her.  Angie looked back
at me.

"I would like to become a real kitten," she replied with a sensual grin.

"Good.  It is time."

"It was time last night," jumped from her lips.  "Oh, sorry, master."

I was so pleased she was eager.

"Have you told your mother?"

"No.  Why?"

"Go tell her.  And, get me another cup, please."

Do you remember how you lost your virginity? I remember losing mine.  In fact, I
told you about the Stevens sisters. Remember?

Losing your virginity is something everyone remembers.  Angie will be able to
remember more easily than most.  We made videos.

Mary, as you recall, had been lying next to Andy when Uncle Bert took her
virginity almost three years ago. Either programming or some quirk in the human
brain made her forget they videoed it until Angie losing her virginity was
imminent.  I would not let Mary show Andy's video. I wanted today to be Angie's
day.

Lisa manned the camera.  Mary and Andy were on either side of us.  Angie was on
her back, legs open, feet firmly planted on the mattress. She was shaking she
was so nervous. Or, was it excitement?

I had been kissing and playing with her, whispering sweet nothings in her ear. 
I could tell she was very eager for this to occur.

"Its okay, honey," Mary said solicitously, stroking back Angie's hair.

"She will be fine, Mom, won't you, sis?"  Andy chimed in, bright as a chipmunk.

"The camera is ready, Davy, whenever you are."

"Go ahead, Davy.  Fuck her!  Let her know how good you are!"

"You will love this, baby.  Just relax."

"Should I start filming now?"

I felt like a porn star in a really cheap production with three directors. I
must admit I was comfortable being watched during sex since I fuck a kitten with
the others watching, but Angie was not use to it and I did want her first time
to be wonderful.

Andy grabbed my cock and pulled me toward Angie.

"Unhand me, kitten!  Now, the next one who speaks or touches or interferes has
to leave the room. Understand!"

I received three recalcitrant "yes, sirs" and blessed peace.

I moved over Angie, feeling the tip of my cock bump between her legs.  She was
smiling up at me radiantly.  She slowly took in my face in both her hands and
gave me a sweet, long kiss.

"I guess it is my programming, but this seems so right. I never envisioned it
this way.  A man I call my master. My family watching me as I lose my
virginity."

Her hands slid down my body towards my crotch.  I felt her take my cock in her
fingertips to guide him into her.

"A woman dreams of her first man.  She imagines a knight on a white horse or a
movie star.  You exceed my dreams, Davy.  Is that the programming, too? Whatever
it is, I want to belong to you.  I want to be your kitten."

I kissed her again as she tilted her hips a fraction, lodging my cock in the
entrance to her love tunnel. She raised her legs, knees bent, until her knees
almost touched her breasts.

Slowly, letting her adjust to me, I pushed. Her hymen had been long lost,
probably to Elizabeth and a vibrator.  I felt her pussy spasm around my cock as
she took me in.  I trapped her knees under my arms, her biceps in my hands as
anchors. Her eyes were glazed and watering as she groaned.  I began to fuck my
new kitten.

I felt the sweat start, saw in her face that instant when she was so sexually
electrified being fucked was the only thing which mattered to her.

"More, Davy. Faster," she whimpered, arms locked around me.

"Now, Davy. OH SHIT!  FUCK ME, YOU STUD!  FUCK ME!  FUCK ME!  RAM MY PUSSY WITH
YOUR COCK! HARDER.  OH GOD!  OH GOD!  FUCK ME!  FUCK ME! I'M CUMMINGGGGG!"

Yes, she was Andy's identical twin.  Both of them screamed like banshees when
they orgasmed.  I knew I would program her to be a kitten or a dove or a lady,
just like Uncle Bert had programmed her sister.

And, like her sister, Angie wanted to be fucked until she could not stand
anymore.  She sweated, she moaned and whimpered and raved.  She fucked back as
hard as she got. What a fuck she was!  Natural talent like her mother and
sister.

When I was ready to cum, I slipped my arms behind her knees and lifted, raising
her so my cock was straight down with the head on her cervix. I pumped her full
of cum.  She knew what I was doing and why I was doing it.

"I can feel your seed in me.  Make me pregnant, Davy.  Give me your baby!"

It was Andy who made sure none of that seed in her went to waste and Lisa who
did the same for my cock.

So, now we were five.  In alphabetical order, Kittens Andy, Angie, Lisa and
Mary.  And one always horny and happy tom cat named Davy.

To be concluded . . .

Please!  Give me your comments.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com





MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 52

The End?

or is it

A New Beginning?


With each passing day, Angie was more happy and positive, which is to say she
was more like her twin. Mary, elated at having her missing daughter home, was
floating on cloud nine.

Andy, beside herself with joy at having a twin sister, made it her
responsibility to train Angie.  She had done a good job of it, being both gentle
and firm with the woman only eleven minutes younger than she.  Andy provided
physical training, too.  Angie had lost her winter fat and was the exact size of
Andy, or rather, the exact size Andy was before she got pregnant.  That is a
wonderful size, as you remember.

For the first time, Lisa really felt like a full sister and a true family
member.  She was blossoming in Mary's retail business as well as at home. She
seemed to have the right combination of sweetness, hard work and guts, to please
the customer and make money at it.

We all four slept at night in the oversized bed in the main bedroom as we always
had, although sleeping was not the thing we did the first few hours in the bed. 
I have told you about that, haven't I?

In addition to my four kittens, I occasionally enjoyed the company of someone
else.  I was slowly working my way through the "Triple A" list and adding a few
of my own as I saw them.

It had been almost two months since Angie joined us.  Andy was three months
pregnant.  She felt wonderful and her morning sickness was long gone.  Lisa was
in her second month of pregnancy. Morning sickness was not a problem for her. 
She glowed with good health. And, Angie was pregnant.  It must have happened the
first time I took her based on the doctor's evaluation of her term.

Cathy was setting Hollywood on fire.  Abby and Betty were happy and doing well
in school. Mom and Dad had never enjoyed life and their sex life so much.

The stock market was up, so my investments were going great guns.  I had
reproduced the formula, giving me a virtually unlimited amount of programming
chemical. I still had not decided what commercial applications, if any, I would
attempt for the formula, but, I had many good ideas.

Then, on one particular night, Lisa and I had been in the dungeon for almost two
hours.  Each of the kittens had dungeon sessions every two weeks or so. This one
had been very rigorous.  The doctor had said I could not take her down there
much longer so she wanted a hard session to "tide her over" as she said.

"Oh, my, sis.  He really did a number on you," Angie said sympathetically when
she saw Lisa enter the living room.

Her rings had been chained to the wall while I whipped her.  Every lash of the
whip made her jerk and every jerk pulled the rings.  Her nipples and pussy were
swollen and sore.  And, her ass and thighs had some lovely stripes.

"Yes.  I loved it," Lisa gasped happily.

She lay on her side to avoid pressure on her front or her back as Angie started
to rub her with ointment.

You know I am not cruel to these kittens.  They are programmed to tell me what
they want.  Most unprogrammed woman would not do that.  She would never say
"Honey, will you whip me tonight?" no matter how much she might want it. But,
kittens do ask and it improves their sex life and mine. I will tell you again,
communication, verbal and nonverbal, is essential to good sex.

Mary, reading in an easy chair in the corner, saw me motion to her. Sensually,
she stood and walked to me. She knelt, moved my legs together, and straddled me,
burying my cock in her pussy.

Andy walked in from the kitchen. If I had known how many pickles she was going
to consume when she was pregnant, I would have bought a pickle factory rather
than stock.

Andy was already showing, a little paunch to her stomach evidence she was with
child. I wondered how big she would get.  It would be another month before the
doctor could tell if she was having twins.  She smiled and straddled me. 
Slowly, she lowered her pussy to my face.

"I'll eat pickle while you eat pussy," she said, grinding that shaved delicacy
into my mouth.

I felt Mary's pussy tighten hard around my cock as Andy crunched the pickle. It
was a disorienting and alarming combination of sensations.

"Do you know what would make this perfect, sweetheart?  I wish we were married."

All motion and sound ceased.  I heard Angie and Lisa move by us.  I looked up to
see them upside down staring at me.

"What do you think, sweetheart?"

"Murrmmmfffff."

"Was that 'will you marry me'?" she asked, moving back a little so I could
speak.

"I said 'you are dripping pickle juice in my face'."

"Sorry.  But, what do you think?"

You know I had promised Andy on the streets of San Francisco I would marry her. 
She let me off the hook a few days later in LA, but we both remembered.  I did
want to marry her.  But, I did not want to single her out from the other
kittens, giving her something I did not give them. I would marry her if I could
marry them all.

I can hear you women saying now, "Doesn't that sound just like a man. Saying
that when he knows there is no way to do it."

And, you men are saying "why marry her when you already have her programmed?" 
Some of you might even say, "Why buy a cow when the milk is free?"

All I know is, I meant it.  I would marry all of them, but not one.  And, guys,
I don't understand it either.  It just felt right.

"It would not even have to be a real marriage.  I want to wear a white dress and
march down the aisle," Mary said wistfully.  "I want a photo album with
pictures.  I want memories for my old age."

"I would rather all of us marry him then just one, even if that one were me,"
Angie contributed.

"Could we do that?  Not have a real wedding, but a pretend wedding where he
marries all of us?"

"Not a real marriage?  While I am pregnant?  Oh, my!  That would drive my mother
nuts," Lisa said with a laugh.

Oh, Lord!  That is an excellent reason not to get married. Lisa's mother.  I had
not even thought of mothers-in-law.  Mary's mother was dead and had been for
many years.  And, Mary was Andy's and Angie's mother, so she would be my wife
and a double mother-in-law.  What a hoot!

That left only one mother-in-law, Ethel Phillips, Lisa's mother.  Ethel was mean
enough to be four mothers-in-law.  Physically, she was an attractive women. 
Only in her late forties, she was still lean and athletic, which her daughter
inherited. Personality-wise, Ethel was like the evil stepmother in Cinderella,
except the stepmother was sweeter.

"Davy, I need to talk to my mother at some time.  She does not even know I am
pregnant."

That will be a conversation.

"Who would give me away?" Andy asked.

"Uncle George would.  He would give us both away."

"My Dad would give me away."

I saw Lisa touch Mary lovingly.

"He would give you away, too, Mary, if you wanted him to do it."

Mary smiled sweetly and squeezed Lisa's hand.  I relished seeing the four of
them love and care for each other.  We really were a family.

Sex had been forgotten, at least by the kittens.  My hard cock, still in Mary's
pussy, was screaming for attention. The three not riding my cock I asked to
leave the area. I rolled Mary over and got back to business. Sexy Mary.  She
enjoyed it as much as I did.

A call to my attorney the next morning resulted in a call to an attorney
specializing in family law which resulted in a meeting in Denver.

When we arrived for the meeting, the attorney took a look at the four of them
and asked which one was the bride.  Four hands went up and she almost fainted. 
Zelda, the attorney, was sharp, classy, and dynamic.  When we left her office
that day, we had a plan.  We could not marry unless we moved to a Muslim country
which recognized multiple marriages.  But, we could formalize our relationship
in a non legal ceremony.

So, we decided to have a non wedding ceremony. We organized and got after it.

The guest list would be family and friends.

Family.  Mary and Andy did not have any family except us.  Angie had only the
Caldwells.  But, Lisa had parents (Peter and Ethel) and Paul, a brother who was
two years younger, and some aunts, uncles and cousins.  Me.  I had the Wilson
legions with a dad, mom, three sisters, five uncles and five aunts and
twenty-six first cousins. And, that was just Dad's side of the family.  I had
two uncles, two aunts and seven more cousins on Mom's side.

Friends.  They would be almost everyone we ever met.  I immediately thought of
the Hermit, Mistress Diana, Madame Delilah, Rebecca, Eve, and several others I
wanted to invite.

Since both Lisa's and my parents lived in LA, the two of us hopped a plane for
the coast. As we took off from Denver International, I asked Lisa, "What would
be the most humiliating thing I could do to you?"

"What?" she gasped, her eyes getting that turned on look.

"Think about it."

I picked up a magazine to read.  After only ten minutes of guessing and
pleading, I told her.

"I am going to make you strip naked in front of your mother and show her your
rings."

"No!" she screamed.

In a flash, two stewards and a stewardess were surrounding us, demanding to know
the reason for the scream.  It took a little convincing before they realized she
was not in danger. The attention was humiliating for Lisa, which made her happy.

"I was teasing," I said in her ear after we were alone.

"Oh," she replied in a disappointed, little girl voice.

We visited my family first, catching up on family happenings before springing
our news on them.  Mom and Dad thought a mock wedding was a great idea. Knowing
my lifestyle, they had given up hopes of a real wedding for me.  Since I had
three sisters, I knew they would have plenty of real weddings in their future.

Dad agreed to be the moderator, as we were calling the person who would conduct
the ceremony.  If we had a minister or judge, it would be a legal ceremony,
which, for us, was an illegal  ceremony.

All my sisters were thrilled. Abby and Betty asked if they could bring their
boyfriends. Cathy asked if she could bring some of her co-stars and maybe a
professional model or two. We agreed and suggested she bring males as well as
females.

As we drove toward Lisa's house, our tension level increased, hers from thinking
about stripping in front of her parents, mine from being with her parents. We
turned onto Lisa's street only a few blocks from her house.

"Looking forward to being stripped in front of your parents?"

"No, but I am a sex slave.  I have to do what you tell me to do."

That was Lisa shorthand, meaning yes she wanted it, but would never admit it,
not even to me.  I know the limits. Thinking about it was all the fun she was
going to have.

Pete and Ethel were elated to see their only daughter and cordial to me.  We sat
in their den passing family pleasantries until Pete asked the cogent question.

"Why are you here?"

Lisa turned red and gave me a pleading look seeking help.  I squeezed her hand.

"Mom. Dad. I am pregnant."

One day I would know what that would feel like. To be a parent.  To hear those
words.  I suspect I will have many daughters since I have four kittens to bear
them.  And, from my sons and daughters, I anticipate many grandchildren.  But,
today I could only observe the feelings they revealed.

I had expected a reaction equal to a small nuclear device from Ethel.  She
surprised me.

"Honey, is that what you want?" she asked very softly and with much feeling.

"Yes, Mom.  It is.  I am very happy about it."

Gracefully, Ethel moved to sit by us on the couch, taking Lisa's hands in hers,
touching her daughter's leg with her own.  Her face was loving and supportive.

"Then, we are very happy for you.  Thank you for sharing with us."

"I was afraid you would be angry with me."

"We know Davy is your man, even if we are unsure of your relationship with him.
We were afraid you would lock us out of your life and not share your happiness
with us. Don't ever lock us out, baby."

A tear formed silently, sliding to fall on her breast when she looked down. She
shook, releasing a sob.  Pete sat by her, pulling her to him, patting her
shoulder tenderly, whispering a reassurance in her ear.

I promised myself I would remember the depth of parental love, the need to be a
part of their childrens' lives and the value of their support, when dealing with
my own children.  I did not change my opinion of Ethel, however.  We had not
told them about the faux wedding.

When we told Pete and Ethel our wedding plans and explained to them the five of
us lived together and slept in one bed, they surprised me again.  Pete was very
non-committal.  Ethel looked at me as though she wanted to strip off my clothes
and rape me. But, they offered no real resistance to the idea.  Lisa and I were
very relieved.

The invitation to our ceremony read:

Mr. David Bertram Wilson cordially invites you to attend a ceremony recognizing
his relationships with Miss Mary Mathews, Miss Andrea Mathews, Miss Angela
Anderson and Miss Lisa Phillips,  to be held . . .

It was held in the ballroom of a lodge.  Knowing working to build something
together is a bonding experience in itself, we had all the guests participate in
the decoration the day of the ceremony.  There was plenty of food and drink to
go around, with non alcoholic champagne and pickles for those on a special diet.

"We are not on diets, Davy," Angie said.

"We are eating for two," Lisa chimed in.

"Or, more," Andy giggled.

Dad, as moderator, was standing at the front.  I stood in the traditional place
of the groom with cousins and friends lined up behind me as groomsmen. Cathy,
Abby, Betty, and Elizabeth Caldwell served as maids of honor.  I know a wedding
normally has only one maid of honor but this was not a wedding. Anyway, with
four brides you need four maids of honor.

The kittens wore identical dresses, with adjustments for fit, of course. That
part was a particular problem since one of the brides was showing. The dresses
were floor length in an empire style, with long veils.

All of them were stunning.  But, every bride is stunning on her wedding day,
isn't she?

To traditional music, George Caldwell and Pete Phillips escorted two kittens
each down the extra wide center aisle.

We exchanged vows and Dad read the ceremony the five of us had written.

I had given each of them identical diamond solitaire engagement rings for the
third finger of their left hands after we had decided to do the ceremony.  Now,
in front of God and everyone, I removed the simple gold band on each one's thumb
and replaced it with a diamond wedding band on the same thumb.

I kissed my nonbrides.

After the five of us walked down the aisle to the back and the groomsmen and
maids of honor had followed, the attendees quickly moved all the chairs out of
the way and the band set up.

We learned later we were not the only one who made plans for the evening. Cathy
had decided an orgy would be appropriate.

The crew she brought with her from LA was three gals and four guys, all of whom
you would recognize, and all of whom were beautiful and horny.  Cathy's plan was
to start slowly and build.  But, when one of her friends, a male model with the
face and body of a Greek god, stripped off his shirt, Elizabeth Caldwell lost
her cool and her virginity as hundreds chanted "go, go."  That got things
started with a bang.

I was told later the young studs decided to have a cock size comparison contest
which ended abruptly when the Hermit pulled out a whopper.  That led to Cathy
and another girl latching onto him.

I do know my Dad spent the night with Rebecca and George Caldwell spent the
night with Madame Delilah.  Mom ended up with the Hermit after he had fucked
Cathy and her friend into delirium.  I thought that was ironic since she was
Uncle Bert's favorite and he was Uncle Bert's best friend. I wondered if Uncle
Bert had shared Mom with the Hermit while he was alive, so I asked the Hermit.  
He blushed and stammered, but did not answer.

I am not sure what happened to Patty Caldwell, but she showed up the next day
very embarrassed, with swollen lips and more stains on her dress than a White
House intern.  George, Jr. worked his way through the girls, including his
sister and two of mine.  Paul, Lisa's younger brother, after announcing he was
bisexual, had a mano-mano with the Greek god.  Elizabeth decided she wanted in,
so they sandwiched her, meaning Elizabeth lost two virgin holes in one night.
That seemed to greatly please her.

Ethel, Lisa's mom, spent the night with Mistress Diana in a makeshift dungeon
Diana assembled for the occasion. Ethel liked it so much she went with Diana
back to New York for a month.

I did not recognize Ethel when she got back from New York a month later. Neither
did Lisa. Ethel had lost weight and toned up even more.  She was wearing only
locked six inch heels with thigh high black stockings and an arm binder.  Diana
led her by a leash attached to a wide and tight leather collar.  But, the reason
we did not recognize her was the leather helmet covering her entire head. She
only stayed a few hours before she and Diana left for the west coast. Pete was
anxious to see his new pet.

I guess most guys hate visits from their mother-in-law.  Let me tell you about
the first time Ethel visited us. It was about three months after the ceremony. 
Lisa and I picked Ethel up at the Denver airport.  The three of us ate at an
expensive restaurant and had a lovely, family visit. Lisa was five months along
then and showing nicely.

When we got to Vail, I put Ethel's things in the back bedroom.  She handed me
the small suitcase she had brought with her, blushing and looking away as she
did.  When I opened it I found a note from Pete telling me to put her to work. 
I also found a maid's uniform.  The uniform was rubber and fit from the the top
of her neck to mid thigh.  It laced very tightly up the back, particularly
around the mid section.  In essence, it was a full length rubber corset.

I put her to work.  When she left a week later, our house had never been as
clean.  Of course,   Ethel never slept in the bedroom.  She spent her nights in
bondage in the basement where the rest of us visited her for our amusement and
her delight.

I like having a mother-in-law like Ethel.  When she left, I asked her to come
visit any time.  She promised she would.

The five of us did not directly participate in the sex at the wedding reception
except as voyeurs.  Some others did not participate either.  The band was great
and many people danced their legs off. I did make Lisa pull up her wedding dress
and show her father and mother her pierced pussy to their mutual delight.

Hours later, happy from the day and exhausted from the activities, we rode to
our house hanging off  the sides of a pumper fire truck courtesy of the Vail
Volunteer Fire Department.  The fireman hit the siren and sounded the horn as he
wound through the streets.

Our living room had been stocked with munchies and mock champagne.  The mink
rugs from all three houses had been brought to Vail to cover the floor, making a
soft bed for us.  Scented candles provided our only light.

The kittens excused themselves.  In a moment, they returned.  As you know,
normally we are naked in our house, whether sleeping or visiting.  Tonight, my
kitten-brides wore matching, floor length sheer nightgowns in white, which
rustled suggestively as they knelt around me.

Sometimes being clothed in more sexy than being naked. I had never seen four
more sexy women in my life as they knelt demurely, legs together, hands folded
in their laps, eager and happy faces turned to me.

I extended my hand to Angie.

Angie.  My newest kitten.  The only one to came to me a virgin. The one still
learning and growing as a sexual creature and in her kitten skills. The one most
shy, although I knew she would one day be as open and eager as her sisters. 
When she stood, I picked her up and carried her into my bed. I took her slowly
and gently as she purred like a kitten and responded in a heated and energetic
desire. I took my time with her, slowly teasing and tantalizing until we
consummated the ceremony.   When she was spent, I carried her again to the
living room.

I extended my hand to Lisa.

Lisa.  My different one: dark haired, green eyed, with her leaner body.  The one
who desperately needed to be submissive, to be humiliated occasionally. The one
who so easily could become a world class slut, fucking every thing with a cock,
but who was very happy with me.  The one who came to me as a willing slave,
accepting my commands and my weight although not programmed. After carrying her
to my bed, I bound her arms and legs to the headboard, spreading her wide,  with
her bloated and pierced pussy fully displayed.  I took some photos of her that
way as I called her a slut.  After making her beg to be fucked, I consummated my
union roughly.  She cried in her joy, tears still on her face as I returned her
to the living room.

I extended my hand to Mary.

Mary.  My oldest kitten, the mother of Andy and Angie.  My kitten leader. My
rock. My stoic one.  My Rolls Royce, with whom sex was smooth and dynamic. The
one who most truly accepted without question and was comfortable with her
position as a sex slave, happily doing whatever I asked of her.  The one who
would never seek or want another man, but would fuck an army if I asked,
enjoying it as much as they did. The one who still seemed to be able to see my
thoughts. I carried her to the bed and lay beside her. She snuggled against me
as my hand slipped down to raise the hem of her gown.

"Davy, before we make love, may I say something, two things really."

"Of course, kitten."

"I said I loved you but Bert was my great love.  Remember? At the Hermits. I
just wanted you to know I don't feel that way any more.  It is not that I love
Bert any less.  It is that I love you more."

She brushed away a tear that somehow was on my cheek, then kissed me with a
passion and depth which melted my soul.

"And, Davy, please cum in me tonight. I am ovulating.  I do want your baby."

"I planned to do that.  I can read the calendar, too," I said with a smile.

When I carried Mary back into the living room, the others were all asleep, in a
little, warm pile as kittens sleep.  As I lay Mary beside them, she wrapped her
arms around my neck and whispered in my ear.

"I am pregnant.  I could tell immediately with the girls and I can tell now. Oh,
Davy, I am so happy."

"How can you be so sure?"

"I just can feel it.  You watch.  I will be throwing up in the morning."

That left but one with which to celebrate our ceremony.

Andy.

Sweet, delicious, delightful Andy.  The first.  Yes, the dearest.  If I had only
one to choose, it would be Andy.  She knew that as well as I.  But, we both
tried to make sure the others did not know it.  Andy.  My Porsche, hot, flashy,
fun.  The one who loved me completely, totally, as only a few blessed men are
loved by a woman.  The one who would die before she let another man touch her. 
The one who was modest unless it was with me, then her sexuality exploded
without bounds or restraints. My imp.  My soulmate.  My true love.

She was apparently asleep, on her side with her five month pregnant belly
resting against Angie's back.  Gently, I slipped my arms under her to carry her
to my bed.

"Not tonight, dear. I have a headache."

"What?" I asked in astonishment.

"Kittens can't say that, but wives can.  I may say that a lot."

I laughed as she rolled over to face me.  She wrinkled her nose and giggled. Her
hands slipped around me, pulling me down on her as her eyes flared with heat and
love.  She crushed her mouth into mine with a wild and dynamic kiss. Her arms
wrapped around my neck as I carried her into the bedroom.

When I placed her on the bed, she set up and yanked her nightgown off, throwing
it to the floor.  She lay back with her legs spread. When I lay beside her, she
began stroking my back. I put my ear to her stomach to listen to the life
growing in her.

"What are we going to name them?"

"I am still working on the names' list."

"Well, hurry up! I want to start calling them by name."

"Anything else you want, little mother?"

"I want a pickle."

I moved to stand, but her fingers wrapped tightly around my cock.  She had that
sweet but hot, innocent but devilish, and always sexy smile I loved so much.

"Sweetheart, this is the pickle I want."


THE END

The following author's note still applies.

Dear Readers,

I have received many e-mails from many readers.  From a small group, I have
received muktiple e-mails.

I wish to thank all of you from the bottom of my heart for contacting me and for
your words of support.  It has meant a great deal.  Without it, I would not have
expanded and significantly rewritten this piece which is a work I did last year.

I encourage all readers to write an author if they like what he or she is doing
(or, even if you don't like it).  Such feedback is appreciated more than many
readers realize.

Even now that My Inheritance is finished, I would appreciate hearing from you,
positive or negative.

Thank you again for following the adventures of Davy, Andy, Mary, Lisa, Angie
and the other kittens and characters.  I hope you enjoyed it.

Best wishes,

E. Z. Riter

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  E.Z. Riter


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





