BDSM Library - The Trophy Wife




The Trophy Wife
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Unfaithful wife and her boyfriend planned to kill her rich husband. Their conspiracy was found out and she was captured and kept as a slave girl. Unfaithful wife got what she deserved.
The Trophy Wife

By special_kwa@hotmail.com

Warning: This file contains depictions of adult sexual situations, including rape, and bondage.
If it is illegal for you to view this subject matter, or if you are under the age of 18 please
do not view this file. If you find these situations unpleasant or offensive please do not view
this file. The author takes no responsibility for any illegalities arising from the viewing of
this file. The author retains all rights to this story and it is transmitted here by an
authorised person, for free viewing only.

Just wanted to give something back to the internet community.

Hope all you fellow pervs enjoy.




Prologue

	I'm not a bad guy, really. She deserved everything that she got from me. But by the end of
reading this story you may have formed another opinion.

	It all started when I was driving down the highway, home to my country farm house minding my
own business, for a change. The scanner that I used in my business was lying on the passenger
seat of the mobile home that I had rented for my latest job, a surveillance job; you know the
kind typical jealous husband case. Poor boy thought his wife was fooling around on him. She was
of course, they always are. By the time the guy suspects it is always too late. But they pay me
anyway, it's a living, and quite a good one too. My business was thriving. I hardly worked at
all anymore. Only those cases that interested me. Like this wife case, what a looker. No wonder
she was cheating on her husband. Hot bitch like that could never stay faithful. Not with all the
temptations that would befall a beautiful woman like her. Think about it. If you looked like
that then everyone would want to get in your pants. If everyone would want to get in her pants
then everyone would try. Sooner or later she would give into temptation. The law of averages.

	Anyway, where was I. My scanner that I had turned off was suddenly crackling to life. Guess I
hadn't turned it off after all. I hardly paid attention to the cellular conversation, between a
man and a woman. The usual lovey dovey stuff you hear all the time. Their conversation soon took
an interesting turn when the man said "I wish that old fucker would just up ad die on you so we
could be together forever."

The woman paused briefly then responded in a serious tone of voice. "You never know what may
happen darling, he does after all have a very serious heart problem. His doctor's tell him that
even a little excitement could kill him."

	Just as this little bitch finished her sentence I passed through a highway underpass, his
response was cut off. By he time I emerged all I could hear was her laughter in response. Even
her laughter was practiced and calculating.  She eventually caught her breath responding through
gasps "No to do it that way I'd actually have to start fucking him again."

	I had managed to fumble a bit with the tape recorder but I managed to get most of their
conversation on tape I maneuvered the lumbering mobile home to the shoulder at the next traffic
light. As I rolled to a stop her voice cut out on the conversation I could still hear his though
meaning a building or an underpass was blocking her. She came back on line strong a clear
Checking my mirrors I could hardly believe my eyes. It had to be her racing up to the same red
light that I was at.

	Her driving a convertible made it remarkably easy to check her out. She was a wet dream on
legs. She had lots and lots of long red curly hair that stopped at her shoulder blades. She was
tall and thin. Though it was impossible to tell just how tall due to her sitting in the car. She
sat upright in her seat, her good posture displaying her chest proudly. She had a great deal to
be proud of. They had to be fake. Everything else about her was. Her incredible body was
wrapped, tightly in a light green dress that was so short I found myself staring at her hemline
desperately trying to will it higher by only a half inch or so. That would be enough.

	My staring had by this time become noticed. 

	"Darling, I'll see you in 5 minutes. I'm looking forward to testing your ticker. I do so hope
you'll survive." She finished her joke with a pout directed to my gaze. He laughed and they hung
up.

	Still glaring at me she criticized, "It's not polite to stare, Mister."

Being impolite I stared back ignoring her, as she shot me a disgusted look and sped off, to her
illicit liaison with her lover. Whoever he was he was a lucky man.

	Instinctively, I glanced at her plate, it read POTTER 3.  The realization hit me as hard as I
had hit the gas pedal. This woman was the wife of Richard Potter. Christ he was practically in a
wheelchair he was so decrepit.  Being his third wife I chuckled in speculation as to whether the
plate referred to the third car in his fleet or her as his third and latest trophy wife. If she
and her asshole boyfriend had their way, then she would most definitely be Richard Potter's
final wife. His holdings were in the hundreds of millions of dollars. Being a successful real
estate developer. 

	It was of course impossible to keep up with her Mercedes ragtop. But I tried none the less. Way
up in the distance I thought I saw the distinctive taillights of her car take the next exit.
That exit was about ten miles past my farmhouse. I proceeded to the exit and pulled over to the
curb. Leaving the RV parked by the side of the highway. From here on out I would proceed on
foot. It took me a little over an hour of walking thought the satellite community to find her
car.

When I did I barely had the time to jot down the address of the property that she had parked in
front of before she reemerged, her heels dangling from her left hand.

	They embraced passionately one more time as she scampered back to the car. Just before she
started the car he called out. "Told you I'd survive!" She smiled back a wry smile, then
replied. "Let's hope my performance has a greater impact on my husband." Another conspiratorial
look passed between them and she was off.

	I waited still a few minutes till she was out of sight, and he had gone back into the house,
before I began to make my way down from the hills to the RV I had left. As I walked slowly back
I began to formulate a plan. A plan that would satisfy everyone involved. I could save a life.
Punish a murderous pair. And most delightfully of all provide myself with a play partner of
uncommon provocativeness. After all if she was willing to be the trophy wife on one man for mer
money. They I should surely be able to to keep her interested in me, to keep her ass out of
jail. Or more precisely out of a formal jail and in my own private jail.

	I of course had to decide, if the prospect of getting caught was worth the reward of possessing
her all to myself. As I pulled the RV into the farmyard, I had decided that if I could come up
with a plan that was feasible it would be worth the risk.

	I had some natural advantages that would make the caper easier. Firstly, the location of my
home. It was remote and the nearest neighbor was nearly 5 miles distant. Secondly, the property
was large nearly 8 acres in size. Clearly large enough that I could build a suitable facility to
house her for a long long time. Most others who had attempted similar imprisonment's had grossly
underestimated the amount of space it takes to properly care for such a prisoner. I would not
make that mistake. Thirdly, I was wealthy enough and my business was well enough established
that I could take considerable time away from it and it would not suffer the least. This facet
was essential. Fourthly, there was no connection between her and myself whatsoever that could be
traced. Most often the authorities look for some connection between the perpetrator and the
victim to solve the crime. That is in part what makes serial killers so difficult to track. In
this case there would be none, save our interlude at the stoplight, and perhaps some tire and
footprint evidence near her lovers house. I judged these to be insignificant.

	There were few disadvantages that I could see. But one was significant. They were planning on
killing Mr. Potter. And it seemed that they were planing it soon. I had to come up with a plan
and implement it quickly, ideally within a week. A near impossibility. A second disadvantage was
of course her nature. She was tall and very strong willed. Breaking her would be challenging.
But I reasoned that this would make the conquest that much more sweet & satisfying.

	I decided that preparing a future home for her would be less of a problem than actually
capturing her. I spent a sleepless night formulating, analyzing, and ultimately rejecting plans.

Then just before dawn it hit me like a bolt of lightning. The plan that was so good it must
succeed.


Planning & Execution

	I began by making phone calls feverishly. And by cutting some checks. Big ones for some
excavating around the property, and its various structures. There was a barn that I used to
store my various vehicles. The main farm house, a massive structure really. Turn of the century
home, with a shallow cellar with stone walls that extended up to form the walls of the first of
the three floors of the house. There were a pair of mobile homes on the back portion of the
property.

One of which was passed its prime. The other one was the nicest a mobile home can get.

	Near the barn I had the excavators cut a huge pit in the ground 15 feet deep, 35 feet long and
20 feet wide. I explained that I was putting in a pool. Adjacent to the farmhouse I had them
carve a trench that was 40 feet wide and over 100 feet long. The contractors naturally assumed
that I was building an addition to the farmhouse. Which of course I was.

	The next day after they left I cut a doorway into the basement of the farmhouse that opened
into the trench. The wall that I cut through was slightly over a foot thick of solid stone.
Extremely soundproof from the basement of the house.

	I leased a tow truck and dragged the decent mobile home into the trench and used the dozer
blade mounted on the front of the tow truck and a small bobcat tractor to back fill over the
mobile home. Completely entombing it beneath the earth. From the house basement I roughed in a
door making it look like a closet. However, the back of the closet opened up into the mobile
home. Which I then setup to renovating for its eventual guest. The renovation of the mobile home
took me 3 more days to arrange.

	Renting vehicles for surveillance was nothing new in my business. So of course it did not raise
any concerns. In addition to the tow truck and the RV, I also rented a Mercedes just like hers,
to experiment on.

Which I then promptly returned after my plan had been fully developed.  All this took 4 days.

	During the nights I learned her habits. She was quite a creature of habit visiting her lover on
each night that I watched her. I used a different vehicle to surveil her on each night. She
first stopped at her fitness club. Ostensibly to workout, but in fact it was a brief stop to
change clothes, into something far sluttier. This night she changed into a strapless black
dress, that was being seriously challenged by gravity & her breasts. It took her a solid
half-hour to change into her slutwear and another 45 minutes to reach his house. Which she
stayed at for an hour. Her fitness club was open 24 hours a day and she used it again on her way
back reversing her steps back into the arms of her unsuspecting husband.

	On the weekend she did some clothes shopping and had lunch with a friend of hers, who was
likely living the life of a trophy wife. They parted with a kiss, which was surprisingly
passionate. I jotted down the plate of the girlfriend. I would run it later. Who knows it might
prove to be interesting.

	I had decided to grab her this Monday before she got her chance to fuck the boyfriend. She
parked at the fitness club and rushed into the building to change. I to began to rush. I figured
that I had 30 minutes. But I wanted to be done in 20 minutes. In case she was horny and wanted
to hurry to her lover's arms.  Looking around no one noticed me as a scooted under the car with
a wrench and an oil catch tray.  I had rehearsed the moved before and soon I had removed the
drain plug from her radiator and collected all the fluid. It took me only 10 minutes, and I did
not jostle the car enough to set of the alarm. While I worked it pleased me to realize that she
was preparing herself for me instead of her lover this night.

	I knew from my experiments that, she would soon be on the side of the highway disabled and
helpless. It began to rain and got distinctly colder while she was changing. She must have been
told this as she came out of the club. She had not yet fixed her hair. But she was all dressed
up as usual. This time in a pink dress and matching heels that hobbled her as she ran to the
convertible, and began to struggle to raise the roof back onto the car. She wore no hose on her
legs; whether she had underwear on I could not tell but then realized that I would soon find out
for first hand.

	She hurriedly fixed her makeup, and finished her hair as her car warmed up in the parking lot.
She waited a few more minutes and moved out back onto the highway. 

I maneuvered out of the lot and followed her, after I had given her a 5-minute head start. Sure
enough, just as I had planned I found her pulled over to the side of the road.  She was sitting
in her car, trapped by the breakdown and the driving rain. I pulled the tow truck off to the
side right in front of her car. Snapped on the lights and slowly walked back to her car.

	Her power windows had been disable due to the vehicle overheating and seizing up on her. She
cracked the door open.

	"Need help miss?" I offered.

	"Yes I do! I don't know what it could be this is a very good car."

I studied the car up and down.  "I usually drive American myself."  She gave me the kind of look
that I expected.  "Pop the hood, I'll have a look for you."

	She did not respond, but I heard the hood pop.

	I fooled around under the hood for a few minutes, while she preened checking herself with the
car mirror.  I coaxed her out of the car and into the rain. To show her what I had found. "It's
very simple really. Your radiator has no fluid in it. See down there." I pointed. "There is no
drain plug there anymore. It must've shaken itself out."

	"That's just great." She exclaimed while stamping about in the rain. " I have an important
meeting to get to tonight."

	"Not in this car you don't" I interrupted.

Her voice was taking on a distinctly whiney tone. "What am I supposed to do now?" She then gave
me her 'help poor me routine' that she undoubtedly used to get out of countless tickets, and
many free gifts from her husband.

	I rubbed my chin and thought for a moment. "Well I 'm on my way home. I could tow you to my
garage just down the road. And you could them make arrangements from there." Her face brightened
a little at the suggestion. Then I hit her with the kicker. "You may be able to make your
meeting, still."

	That did it. The prospect of making it to her fuck festival overcame the usual doubts.

"Go ahead and wait in the truck while I hook up your car." Before I had finished the sentence
she had run off to the cab of the truck. Leaving me in the rain to finish.

	I attached the chains from the truck to the front of her car and began winching it up the
slanted deck of the flatdeck pickup truck. Soon I had he car secured to the truck. As I was
chaining up the car I looked into the truck cab. And thought to myself that I would soon be
repeating the chaining up on her.

After tightening up the chains securing her car I jumped back into the cab to find her bending
down trying to clean off the mud from her shoes.  After I had settled in she sat up. I found
myself staring at her boobs. Her nipples had become quite visible through the wet clinging
fabric of her dress.  She covered herself with her hands. "Do you mind." She snapped. I mumbled
an apology. Then poured myself a coffee from the thermos I kept there. I was just about to drink
it. When she snapped. "Aren't you going to offer me some."

I mumbled yet another apology and handed the shivering woman my cup, and the thermos.

	While she drank I put the truck into gear, and was about to move out when I stared at her
again. "Buckle your seat belt for safety." She finished the coffee, handing it back to me and
buckled up. The seat belt clicked with a snap. This snap brought about a huge, ear to ear grin
from me. And I began to laugh softly as we moved back to the highway.

	She shot me a quizzical glance but did not ask what I thought was so funny. Had she asked I'm
sure that I would have been to overcome with delight to answer her properly. That the whole
episode of capturing her was soooo easy. We had been driving for about 5 minutes. She took in a
deep breath cleared her throat and asked. "What is the name of the garage that you are taking me
to?" And continued reaching into her purse. "I want to call my husband to pick me up." As she
finished mumbling out the sentence, she was retrieving her cell phone from her purse. The phone
was glowing in the cab of the truck, and flashing indicating that she had already hit some sort
of speed dialer feature on her phone.

	Panicked I, stood on the brake pedal with all my strength. The tires of the truck screamed
nearly as loudly as she did. Capitalizing on her confusion I slapped the phone from her hand. It
bounced around the floor of the truck. I quickly retrieved it and switched it off before the
person she was dialing picked up the line. Staring at her I savored her confusion. It was a
simple matter to pop the case off the phone and remove the battery from the phone. The
twenty-hour days I had put in during the last week had likely caused my failure to remember the
cell phone. I tossed my near fatal mistake back to the floor of the truck. Her lovely
disbelieving green eyes followed the phone to the floor. By the time she turned her face back to
mine. I noticed that her eyes had been dulled ever so slightly from the Rohipnol that was in the
coffee. Had she not had the phone, and pressed the mater she would have been out cold by the
time we reached the farmhouse.

	The entire episode was so fabulously delightful I could easily acquire all her movements. Her
pink encased lips formed an O as she let out a scream that I'm sure could be heard for miles.
Her hands immediately flew to the door handle. Frantically pulling on it. Vainly of course as I
had taken the precaution of disabling it days before. She was bouncing around in the seat, her
pleasant curves straining nearly as hard as she was to escape. Some of her long, perfectly
manicured nails snapped off cleanly as she next tried the seatbelt. But alas, that to was
disabled by myself also, and remained locked tightly closed around her body.

	I expected her to come to her senses when she realized that escape was impossible. But she
surprised me completely. Despite my surprise, her attack on me was easy to deflect. I am a very
big man. I shoved my right forearm under her chin, and leaned into her with all my weight. Her
upper body was forced back to her side of the truck. Her screams stopped abruptly. Replaced with
gurgles. Her eyes closed tightly, squeezing out tears, which flowed down her cheeks. Her attack
ended as her arms clutched at my forearm. Futilely trying to relieve the pressure on her throat.

Her magnificent body forced back as it was being pressed upon my own. Providing a tantalizing
taste of the delights that were in my future. Using my free left arm I took a moment to explore
my new captive. Her dress had ridden up during her struggles. My hand traced down her body
feeling the fineness of the material. Then downward till I began encountering her skin. Then
downward still further, past her belly to the promise of her hair. Of course I stopped just
before reaching it. As she had managed to realize the futility of her position. Her struggles
eased eyes now open. She managed to croak out past my crushing forearm a single work that
"Please" she begged. Very softly and full of hope. For pleading was all she had left. Her pink
lips trembled. I pressed my lips to hers in a crushing kiss. My left hand meanwhile, I had
balled up into a fist, that I pressed home into her unprotected belly, twice, and then a third
time. No way to treat a lady, I know. My plan was not quite perfect, this time.

	I pulled off her body back to my side. She doubled over retching into her thighs. Her arms
coiled tightly around her body. Grabbing her left wrist I straightened out her arm. There was no
fight left in her. All that passed her lips was some grunting noises and some saliva as I
fastened 2 pairs of handcuff on her. Leaning down to her ankles I secured them with some large
quick ties. They made a confident zipping sound as I fastened them around her knees also. This
was a precaution really, as we both knew that she was going nowhere.

	Soon the Rohipnol worked its magic and doused her consciousness completely. Her body swayed and
bounced limply with the bumps in the road, as we traveled. She continued to moan sweetly. I
considered gagging her as a further precaution. But quickly dismissed it. I was enjoying the
sounds she was making as I drove. Besides I figured I had a good 12 hours before she was going
to be any trouble. And by then I expected to have her completely subdued, for good.


Her New Life Begins

	I arrived at the farmhouse uneventfully, and drove the truck and her car straight into the
barn. Closing the doors behind us, I allowed myself the first of many celebratory "touchdown
dances", accompanied with several whoops of excitement. Retrieving a knife I cut the seat belt
and fireman carried her to the house. Then down into the basement and into the subterranean
mobile home I had so carefully prepared for her. I secured her in a corner of the bedroom
section with a heavy iron collar.

	I was jealous of the sleep she was trapped within, but quickly ran back to the barn. I started
up the truck and drove it across the yard. Backing it up carefully to the future site of my
"pool". The Mercedes slid down into the pit with a loud crash that carried for miles in the
chill night air. Anyone that heard it would have thought it an accident. I tossed the cell phone
and the battery into the pit, and set about using the dozer blade on the front of the pickup
truck to bury the car. What a waste, that hurt. It took me only a few hours to backfill in the
pit.

Soon I the next few days a landscaper would arrive to reshape the area and plant some sod. My
pool would be changed into a concrete pad and a proper garage, for my cars. To be fashioned by a
separate contractor.

I collected her purse and her high heels and went back to check on her. She was still out like a
light. I slapped her face a few times to be certain. She failed to respond. I took the
opportunity to shower and catch some shut-eye. I fitted her with a bell, just like the pretty
kitty that she is. I slept soundly and well.

	I awoke to find her exactly as I had left her, chained in a corner. I watched her for a while
then made some final preparations.  Soon she awoke to her surroundings; a normal room with a
large bed and a heavy steel door in one wall. I watched her eyes follow the chain that led from
the collar around her neck to a recessed block buried in the floor beneath a rail that ran off
directly opposite the bed into the wall where a heavy curtain lay against the wall leading into
another room. That way she could stand and walk from room to room. All the while remaining
securely chained.

	She turned her face back to mine. I was sitting on the bed. Our eyes met, and I tried my first
command.

"On your feet, NOW" I shouted. She was quick to comply, as quick as her unsure legs could raise
her. She was tall nearly 5'10". Her hands were clutching at her collar as though she could
remove it with her explorations. She was shaking with fear. The moment was nearly as I imagined
it. It was worthy of a speech, which I had thoughtfully prepared.

	"Listen Carefully" I began. "It must be clear by now that I have gone to a great deal of
preparation to own you. And that is what I do now. I own you. I own you as completely as I own
my own body, my own feet. A book, my car, or this house." I paused to let my little speech sink
in. "Do you understand?" She mouthed the word 'yes' but it came out as a whisper. She nodded her
head to reinforce her whispered word. She had retreated into the corner of the room pressing her
body firmly into the walls.

"Good" I responded. "Pickup your shoes and put them on." She bent over demurely trying to hide
her body from me as she did so, placing her shoes back on her feet smoothly. She stood up again.
Before she had a chance to try and cover herself with her hands. I instructed her to keep them
at her sides. "Walk over to me, slowly." She began, and I spoke further instructions. "You will
not speak, or move unless I grant permission. You will follow all orders, quickly accurately,
and with a smile on you face. Is that clear?" She nodded her understanding, without speaking.

	By this time she was close enough for me to reach out and grab, which I did around her left
thigh, pulling her close to me. She was trembling in fear. I ran my face across her dress
covering her flat stomach. The warmth coming off her body was intense; I squeezed the flesh of
her leg. It was surprisingly soft and pliant. Her figure was sumptuous, matching her texture.
These first few touches were wonderful, as was her reaction. She was standing rigid, desperately
trying to maintain her composure. I pushed her away; she traveled about six feet.  "I see how
well you are obeying, and that pleases me greatly. The collar you are wearing, I hope someday to
remove it. However, while it is on I want you to notice this." I picked up a small polished
wooden box. It had a switch on top & a cable running from it to the wall. I advanced the switch
to the first position.  She gave a small cry as she felt the electricity began to flow through
the collar and her body. I switched it off. Having got her attention I continued. "You see you
must always obey! Or you will feel intense pain." I saw the understanding sink in and she nodded
and sniffled again.

"Dance for me." She looked back confused; I merely nodded and gestured for her to begin. Her
body began to sway back and forth to some unheard music that was running through her head. She
was eyeing mere nervously while she swayed no doubt assessing me and my motives, and intentions.
"Take your clothes off." She of course hesitated slightly before she bent her arms up behind her
back, and unzipped the dress. She shrugged the dress off her shoulders. Its downward fall was
stopped by her large breasts, which stretched the material tight across her form. She stretched
the material peeling it of her body, like the second skin that it was. She wore no bra, not
needing one. Nor did she wear panties, a pleasant surprise. Her long legs stepped free of the
dress and she clutched it tightly to her body, as thought it could offer some protection from
me. The dance was completely forgotten by now. "You can drop the dress now. After all, you won't
be wearing clothes much from now on, so you don't have to worry about keeping them nice." I
watched her hands release the dress one finger at a time until there was only one finger holding
it in front of her. I was on the verge of ordering her to hurry up, but I managed to stop
myself. The longer she took the greater her torture would be, as well as my pleasure. At last
her dress fell crumpled around her heels, which shifted back and forth nervously.  I got the
first look at her body. Long, long shapely legs, reaching her widely flared hips, which then
tapered back to a trim waist. An exaggerated hourglass figure, topped off by a flawless face
adorned with wide full lips and bright expressive eyes surrounded by her lovely red curls. "I
usually go for blondes. But with a body like yours, I'm prepared to make an exception." She
wisely did not respond. I held out my hand toward her. "Come to me." She began her walk across
the room to me her heels clicking on the floor with each step. Her chain dragged behind her
scraping along like a wedding train. When she was close enough to my out stretched hand I
grabbed her, and pulled her the final distance that separated us. "Kneel " I said while pulling
down on her hand. This placed her kneeling naked between my knees.

	I took the liberty of caressing her face. It wasn't much of a liberty considering what I was
going to be doing to her soon. I forced her chin up and made her look at me. "I think its time I
explained the rules to you. Don't you?"  She closed her eyes to my gaze, her lips parted. "Yes."
"Hold your hands behind you in the small of your back. "I don't need to tie you up do I?" She
shook her head no.  I ran my left hand through her thick hair. Suddenly, I grabbed a think
handful of it, pulled tightly tilting her head back. She gasped in surprise, her mouth and eyes
now wide open. 'Tell me your name." I hissed. Moving my lips to within a few inches of her lips.
She stammered her replay. "S S St .. ... Stacey Potter."  I tightened my grip on her hair. The
slap I delivered was hard and brutal. "That was the wrong answer. From now on your new name is
Cunt." I let the name and the slap take effect. "What's my name Cunt?" She thought for the
briefest of moments before responding. "I suppose you name is Master." That earned her another
slap. "Good guess Cunt, but my name is Darling. Most of the time you will preface it with Yes
Darling in response to a question. For example, would you like to suck my cock, Cunt? Your
response would naturally be 'Yes Darling'" "On rare occasions you would get to say No Darling.
For example I might ask you do you want to be set free? You would answer No Darling. Understand
Cunt?" She quickly responded "Yes Darling." eager to avoid further slaps. "That's great Cunt, I
knew we'd get along just great."

	I then went about groping her body with my free right hand. She struggled to keep her hands
clasped behind her back. "You have great tits." She did not reply. "Are they real?" I asked. "No
darling" was her reply. I let my hand drift down across her belly and stroked and petted her
pubic hair, inching closer to her pussy. "But you are a natural redhead, aren't you Cunt?" "Yes
darling." I was very pleased with her responses, and told her so. "You're doing quite well
Cunt." Her breathing eased somewhat, and I could tell that the longer she kneeled before me she
was gradually relaxing. I felt it was time she began to learn the names of things. I cupped her
left breast, and asked. "What is this Cunt?" "It is my left breast Darling." I reared up my
right hand, gearing up for another vicious slap. "No NO... it is one of your Breasts." Down came
the slap. "It is one of your cunts tits, DARLING, would have been the right answer." This
finally was too much and she began to sob uncontrollably, her entire body shaking. I pinched her
nipple hard. Changing her sobs to a high pitched squeal, for the duration of the pinch. "I had
believed that most Cunts who have their tits done loose feeling in them. I guess in your case
that's not true is it Cunt?" "No it's not darling." I went back to exploring her body with my
hands. I made her name both her tits. Her thighs, and belly. I caressed and penetrated her dry
cunt and ass with my fingers, making her name them all as I began to become familiar with my new
property. I explored her body at length till she regained her composure. Her face was a mess
with mascara running down her cheeks, in long streaks. As part of my exploration I found that
she had a tattoo on her ankle that had gone unnoticed. A tiny Rosebud partially opened. I stood
before her. My erection encased behind my pants brushed against her face. "My pants, take them
off." She complied reaching up with trembling hands and awkwardly undid my pants. My dick
flopped out, hard and heavy, brushing her face as it fell. Her face was turned away in profile
as her hands worked quickly moving my pants down to my ankles. I stepped free of them and kicked
them aside. I took her head in my hands and forcibly turned her head back to face the obscene
form of my dick. "Open your mouth." I could practically hear her jaw creak with effort as she
struggled to comply. "Wider Cunt" I chided. Finally her mouth was wide open before me. "Stick
out your tongue." Her long pink tongue poked out of her mouth. I grabbed her head from behind
with my left hand, and took my penis in my right hand. I used it like a paintbrush, smearing my
precum across the tip of her tongue. I let go of her sitting down on the bed again. She sat back
on her heels, her tongue recoiling back into her mouth. Her face briefly twisted into a sick
expression, then she quickly recovered. "Tell me how that tastes Cunt." "It tasted just fine
Darling." Her answer was formulated to neither please nor disappoint, too much. "I hope you like
it Cunt. It's the taste that is keeping you alive."

	This had been the first time that I had verbally threatened her life. I had hoped it would have
the desired effect. It did seem to get her attention, she sat up straighter and was paying close
attention to my words now. "I think its about time I fucked you. Don't you think so Cunt?" Again
her eyes closed as she struggled to croak out the words. "Whatever you want Darling." I began to
caress her hair, and took hold of her head as I had done earlier. "Well then where should I fuck
you first? In your mouth, your cunt, or your ass?"

	She was weighting the possibilities, as my patience was beginning to grow thin. "In my mouth
darling." I slapped her hard enough to spin her head this time. "Wrong answer Cunt. Try again."
She failed to hesitate at all this time. "Please Darling. Fuck me in my Cunt." sadly this too
was the wrong answer, and I answered her pleas with another vicious slap. "Surely you can come
up with the proper answer this time." Clearly, this was her least palatable option, the one that
she had saved for last. "Please ...Darling Please, fuck mm mme in the ass." Her last answer had
to be right. But it wasn't and I had to slap her, to remain consistent. "You really are a stupid
Cunt. Would you like me to tell you the proper answer." She nodded quickly..."Yes please
Darling...what do you want me to say?"

	I sighed with pantomime disappointment. "The proper answer is that you want me to fuck you in
any hole, and at any time, and in any place for as long as I want to. Do you think you can
handle that." I screamed at her. "Yes darling." She then replied that yes she wanted me to fuck
her in any hole at any time, and in any place for as long as I wanted to. Just as I had
instructed.

	She was near to being defeated now. I grabbed her chain and pulled her makeup stained face
close to mine, and began to kiss her deeply, fearlessly, completely exploring her mouth with my
tongue. Driving this first part of myself into her body, stealing this first piece of the
remaining sanctuary, of her bodily integrity from her. She was moaning loudly into my mouth. Her
moans were those of defeat, certainly not arousal. These moans were in fact bordering on
screams. They were the recognition of the truth in all that I had been telling her. That I did
in fact own her. That I could own her. That I was going to fuck her in any hole, at any time,
and in any location for as long as I wanted. I had taken all that she had. I had taken her
freedom from her. I had taken her clothes from her. I had taken her identity from her, by
renaming her to Cunt. And finally, I was about to take her body completely, in what were sure to
be gross and perverted ways.

	I finally broke the kiss, if you could call it a kiss. "Look at my dick Cunt." She looked down
at my crotch, clearly with reluctance. "Can you see how much I want you?" She responded with a
nod as well as verbally. "I can darling." Her face was a streaky mess of tears, makeup, and
snot. "You're a mess Cunt." I was holding her chain close to her collar. Quickly I stood and
began dragging her to the curtain that was covering the wall opposite the bed. "Let's go and
clean you up." I proceeded to drag her through this partition into the next room. I did not stop
in this room however, and quickly proceeded across the room to another curtain and dragged her
through it into a third room. The steel block trailed behind her beneath the rails rattling
along on its steel wheels. This arrangement would allow her independent movement between these
three rooms. An important point of the plan.

	This room was a small one. Perhaps only 6 feet wide by 15 feet wide. The entire room was tiled,
from floor to ceiling. One side had a large built in bathtub, big enough for two with an
integrated shower. The other side had a very Spartan and utilitarian toilet. I pushed her toward
the shower. "Get yourself cleaned up Cunt. You have ten minutes, at this station." She stumbled
toward the stall taking her heels off just before stepping in the tub/shower stall. She began to
run the water over herself, soon to be followed by her hands. Looking for the soap she finally
found it hanging by a cord from a hook. It was a lifelike recreation of a penis. Slightly larger
than reality, of course. It was very large in her hands. "Make sure you use that to clean
yourself out thoroughly Cunt. I don't want to get anyone else's residue on my dick when I fuck
you. Understand?" Once again she nodded and replied "Yes Darling." She turned her large
curvaceous backside toward me and began to use the soap to cleanse herself for me. This was
great. I sat down on the toilet to get as comfy as possible. "Turn around and face me." She did
slowly, and I could see her manipulating the soap dildo within her. "Don't forget your asshole,
I want you to be clean there too." She removed the soap from her front. It was only in her a
couple of inches. She moved it backward to her ass, and began to slowly drive it into herself. I
could see the pain, and shame flush across her face. She was obviously humiliated, at being
forced to perform for me. Earlier the dancing had been hard for her but this display was
overwhelming for her.

	I marched across the room toward her. As I did her own fear forced the soap out of her ass with
an audible pop. "That's good enough." I reached in and turned off the water, handing her a large
bath towel that she used to quickly dry herself off. I grabbed her by the hand after she had
finished drying herself. She stepped over the pink heels that lay forgotten on the tiled floor
and led her into the middle room through the curtain. Her chain trailed behind her, following us
into this room.

	The room was a transvestites dream room. Its decor reeked of femininity, and was an insult to
any self-respecting independent woman. Which she was clearly not, and would never be again. The
room housed a shelving unit that had a collection of boxes nestled neatly along the shelves.
They were all numbered. Near this there was a large well-equipped makeup table with matching
stool. The stool was bolted down to the floor. On the table was al the makeup she would ever
need. Lipstick, eyeliner, mascara, even some face powder. There were false fingernails and
eyelashes as well. There was a curling iron and a blow dryer, for her hair. Seemingly, I had
thought of everything that she would need to doll herself up for me. I directed her to sit down
at the table. The action of her sitting on the stool activated the lights that bordered the
large mirror hanging on the wall before her. "This Cunt, is of course the second station." As he
spoke she examined the items on the table closer. There were no tweezers or scissors, no eyelash
curlers or any other metal objects that could be fashioned into a weapon that she could use on
him or herself. "Are you paying attention to me Cunt?" My outburst brought her attention back to
my face. "Yes darling I am."

"Good. There is a picture in the drawer. Take it out and begin to make yourself up to match her
makeup. I will give you 20 minutes to complete this station. Over all it will take you no more
than thirty minutes to complete both station one and station 2." While I spoke she was examining
the picture and was. Applying the make-up to match my instructions. "Don't forget your nails
either Cunt. Put on the fake ones till yours grow back. The fake ones somehow suit you." She
ignored this latest insult. It was minor compared to the psychological insults he had already
heaped upon her.

	I watched her for a further 5 minutes, as she applied the liquid make-up to her lips. Then
began to cover the fire engine red lipstick with lip-gloss, that would seal in the color and
preserve the lipstick under a perpetually wet shiny coat. I have always enjoyed watching a woman
transform her appearance with the application of a thick whorish coat of make-up. The
transformation is always amazing to me. Even the most homely of woman is greatly improved.
Watching her use the brush to apply the lip-gloss moved me to speak. "Do you know the origin of
lipstick Cunt?" "No Darling I don't. Will you tell me?" He answer was perfectly formed. I moved
closer to her. Nuzzling her ear as I whispered. "Ancient Egyptian whores used to apply lipstick
to advertise their expertise in cock sucking." She briefly stopped applying the lip-gloss as I
forced her eyes to meet mine again. "Cleopatra caused a scandal when she adopted the practice of
applying lipstick to her own lips. Obviously, she thought herself a great cocksucker."

She was trying to concentrate on applying the gloss, and was nearly finished. When I asked. "Are
you a good cocksucker Cunt?" The loaded question hung in the air as she searched her mind for an
appropriate answer. She finally answered with. "I will be whatever you want me to be Darling."
To me this as a very suitable answer. However, its suitability denied me the possibility of
adding to the necessity of rouge on her well-slapped face. Relief swept over her now whorish
face. "You have about 15 minutes left Cunt. Finish you hair like hers." I pointed toward the
picture. "Your nails must be long and match you lips. When you are finished with the make-up I
want you to wear what you will find in the box labeled W1." Again I pointed to the appropriate
box, which was on the bottom shelf. I heard the now familiar. "Yes Darling."

"I'll be waiting for you in the bedroom." I bent squeezed the ass that I would soon have. As I
left the room to get conformable myself I remembered something. "Oh. I almost forgot. There is a
bottle of baby oil in the other drawer. Make sure you apply enough to your cunt and asshole. I
don't want to hurt you Cunt." I smiled and left the room, not waiting around for the inevitable
'Yes Darling' pleased as I saw the irony of the statement register with her psyche.

	Seconds later I found myself back in the bedroom. I finished removing the remainder of my
clothes and waited on the bed for her to enter. I could not remove the smile from my face as I
though about what I had accomplished. I had my own fuck doll captive and preparing herself for
her own debasement, without my supervision. It was all too perfect. I simply had a difficult
time believing my own good fortune. I could hear the hair dryer whirring away now. I glanced at
my watch. Jesus I still had 10 minutes to kill. These would be the longest ten minutes of all.
Soon I heard the blow dryer switch off. The next sound was the W1 box sliding of the shelf. I
heard her yield a short cry of despair as she first saw the contents of the box. I laughed out
loud. "Hurry up Cunt, you're running out of time."

	Time passed slowly but it did pass. Soon I heard her bell tinkle, and her new shoes click on
the floor as she approached the curtain, and then breached it. She stood before me a vision in
her lingerie. For our initial time together I had chosen an outfit in white. Quite appropriate
really as this would be a new experience for her. At least I hoped it would be a new experience
for her. You never know the world is full of a lot of very sick people, and some other bastard
may have already raped her already. Surely, not like this though. I was an artist in comparison
to any other mere street thug.

	I held up my hand to stop her advance, while I drank her beauty in. The white heels she wore
this time were a couple of inches higher that the pink ones she came to me in. Her shapely legs
were covered in the sheerest, most delicate white stockings, with seams of course. They seemed
to travel up her tanned legs forever. The color contrast was striking, between her tanned flesh
and the whiteness of the stockings. Holding them up was a delicate lacey garterbelt, originally
from Paris of course. Only the finest or my cunt. It is amazing what you can order over the
Internet, and how fast it can arrive as well. I continued my survey of her upwards passed her
widely flaring hips across her slightly pouting belly to the bra that was cradling her breasts.
Well part of her breasts anyway, it really wasn't much more than an underwire really, with maybe
an inch of material to cover her breasts. Combined with her hair and makeup she was the epitome
of an adolescents dream woman. A pinup centerfold caricature woman. The anti-thesis of what
every modern woman has been working on eradicating since the fabulous 50's. She was perfect,
ideal in fact. Except that I usually go for blondes. The cheap jewelry I had instructed her to
adorn herself with was the icing on the cake. She was wearing large dangling hoop earrings, many
rings on her fingers, a waste chain, and an ankle chain.

	I motioned for her to come to me on the bed. I felt the bed shift as she perched herself
tightly on the edge of the bed. Keeping as much distance between us as possible. Again I grabbed
her hand and pulled her down beside me on the bed. Her whole body was rigid, petrified. I
retrieved a key from the nightstand showed it to her and removed the collar from her. She rubbed
her neck grateful to be free from its weight. I threw it clanging to the floor. Her gratitude
was short lived however; her left ankle was the next target for a matching iron cuff, which I
snapped on securely. Visually this was preferable and would not impede her movements while on
the bed. I had visions of a very acrobatic fuck festival.

	Placing her hand on my erection I began exploring her crotch with my hands. She had applied
some baby oil, not a lot however which I found surprising. Her hand on my dick was completely
inactive. Her touch was the minimum needed to maintain contact. This minimalist pressure was
driving me wild. I forced her legs apart and clambered between them, there was a surprising
amount of resistance. The closer I got to her precious gold plated snatch the more the reality
of the situation crashed down upon her. Her considerable conscious effort was loosing to her
natural self-preservation instincts. My hopping between her legs broke contact with her hand. I
replaced her hand on my dick, and leaned it closer to my goal. "Hold it tightly Cunt!" my voice
hissed at her. Her fingers curled around my shaft and I leaned closer to her. My face now inches
from hers. Her head was turned to the side. Her eyes and mouth clamped shut, distorting her face
into an ugly mask of shame and humiliation. "Feed my cock into you pussy Cunt." Tears began to
squeeze past her eyelids. I turned her face back to face mine, and leaned closer into her till I
could feel the end of my cock begin to penetrate her. This drove me wild; I let my own body
weight drive me into her. I was watching her face closely. It erupted into a scream that did not
catch me by surprise, except in its ferocity. The baby oil eased my entrance slightly, though
not much. Her powerful muscles had clamped herself tight. I let my lips destroy her careful
lipstick as I smothered her screams with my own mouth. I sucked in her breath and smashed my
cock further into her center. The chains capturing her left ankle was rattling loudly as her
legs and hips were thrashing about wildly. We were at last together. Myself fueled by
animalistic lust, and pure desire, and she was in a similar primordial state. That of
self-preservation from my attack. Her nails instinctively came at me to rake me with her nails.
I grabbed them and pinned them down beside her head. As I continued raping her she settled
somewhat. Not from any easing of tension or revulsion of my body. But simply because her energy
level was waning. I rode her movements intent on wearing her down. Soon her movements stopped,
and I began mine. She was wide open and helpless to the assault. My long cock pistoned in and
out of her completely plumbing her depths. My thrusts were hard and forceful. On some of the
harder thrusts I could feel a tiny pin prick sticking me on the very head of my dick. The
realization of what it was hit me immediately, and delighted me at the same time. She was
wearing an IUD to prevent pregnancy. That would mean that I could keep her and continue to use
her all but indefinitely. That was until she began to bore me anyway, or until her physical
appearance deteriorated till she was no longer desirable. I had broken the kiss now to look at
her. Her makeup was destroyed again. Destroyed by me, by my actions. By my rape of her. She was
gasping for her breath beneath my weight. I was in heaven. The prospects of months of raping her
and the smell of her the sounds of defeat. The feel of her skin and the lace. The difference of
her ultra-femininity. Forced as it was upon her by myself, compared to my own masculinity. Was
too much for me. A few more quick jab into her and I was gone. I pressed into her as deeply as I
could, once again feeling the tiny removal strings of her IUD into the end of my throbbing cock.
I filled her with my cum. I fell upon her exhausted, and immensely satisfied.

	I was completely relaxed and spent, and lay panting on her, perspiration dripping off of me,
and dripping onto her. I rolled off her stood and walked around the room a bit. Fearful I would
drift of to sleep in my satisfaction. She too had rolled over and curled up into a fetal ball,
exposing her backside.

	I approached her again forcing her onto her back once again. Staring into her face and eyes.
"Tell me how much you enjoyed that Cunt." "It was great." "Really, you didn't seem to like it
much. Are you sure you liked it?" "Yes really I did, I promise." "Great! Next time your going to
act like you like it. Won't you?" She nodded fearfully, uncertain how she was going to force
herself to appear to enjoy it. "Yes darling."

"Your makeup is a mess cunt." "I know." She thought a bit, looking down at her feet, still clad
in her stocking and heels. "If you'll unchain me, I'll go and fix myself up for you and make
myself pretty for you again." I looked down at her. "That's ok. I think I can help you right
here." I got up on my knees, near her face. Using my finger, I recovered some of the goo that
was still sticking to by cock. I moved it near her lips and began tracing it on her lips.
Painting a coat of my cum on her lips. "There. Now your lips are all glossed up again."

"Thank you darling." "You're welcome Cunt."

	I got up removed her ankle-cuff, replacing her neck collar. "You have a half-hour to reverse
your steps. Put the clothes back into the W1 box. Drop the jewelry back into the jewelry box.
Shower yourself and wait for me in the shower if you get done before I meet you."

	While she did all that, I dressed and went to the kitchen to prepare dinner for myself. I
decided she would not eat today, and that she could loose about 5 pounds, just enough to tone
her up a little. I didn't want to have her loose a lot of weight. I like women who have a hint
of flesh on them. Five pounds would be enough for her.

	I went back to find her sitting on the toilet. Completely naked.

On the final wall of the bathroom section there was a small steel door. Down low near the floor.
It was about 2 feet square. I bent down and operated the heavy bolt opening the door. Revealing
a small corridor the length of body about six feet. I pointed toward the hole and ordered her
into it.

	She peered into the darkness, then crawled into the hole. Inside she found some bedding and a
bedpan made of plastic. There was nothing else. I closed the door bolting it shut. There was a
small gap to allow her collar chain to pass through in one corner. I closed the bolt, securing
her in. As I walked out I flipped 2 switches. The first electrifying the small door to her cage.
The other switch turning out the lights in the bathroom section, Station 1. Then I turned out
the light in the Station 2, the makeup room. Leaving her completely in the dark. Alone caged and
naked.

	Back in the house I collected my dinner, and brought it with me into the study. I turned the
monitors on. There were three cameras pointed at the empty bed. Two in Station 1, the shower
room. Three in station 2, the makeup room. One behind the mirror on the dressing table, so I
could get some great facial close-ups of my Cunt applying her makeup. All these were currently
useless in the complete darkness that the rooms were in. The camera I was interested in was in
her cell. It too was useless in the dark. But I was about to provide it with a light source. I
selected a long piece from the video library I had. An eight-hour compilation tape, that I had
made just for this occasion. Placing the tape in the player I powered on the microphone. I began
to whisper. "Lay on your back Cunt." She snapped to attention, rolling onto her back. Her eyes
were wide and searching in the darkness. The tape began to roll. I watched the tape play back in
the expressions of her face. The title of the tape rolled by. 'How to be a great cocksucker.' I
saw the despair and anguish enter her face. "Remember to pay attention cunt, there may be a test
after the movie." As the tears flowed down her cheeks I could faintly hear her reply over the
slurping sounds coming from the actress on the tape. "Yes Darling."

	I had my own tapes to watch. I started with the mirror camera. Watching her apply her makeup.
It was glorious to be able to replay her initial breaking in rape. To hear her screams echoing
again and again. I saw her hands fly up in an instinctive attack on me as I began the rape. Of
course she would need to be disciplined for this breach. I closed my eyes, relaxed and began to
think of possible ways that she would be best punished. Oh the possibilities

-------
There are other section coming in the near future. If you have content idea for poor Stacey's
future appearances please send them along to


special_kwa@hotmail.com

Remember I'm partial to blondes!

Here's wishing you all have a healthy fantasy life.





The Trophy Wife
Part 2

	Keeping regular hours was becoming increasingly irrelevant to me. Certainly day and night had
no meaning to my lucious captive. The investigative service I owned was self-running. I had
recruited good people to run my business. They needed very little input from me. Thus when I
woke it was a pleasant coincidence to notice that I had risen with the dawn. Thinking of her
gave me an instant erection. Thinking of using her throughout the day made it throb in
anticipation.

I quickly checked on her through the monitor. She was of course still entombed in her cell. Hers
eyes were glassy and fixed on the screen displaying the cocksucking lessons. I didn't expect her
to learn much from the tape. Perhaps a nugget or two of information would be gleaned from the
tape. With her looks I expect she has sucked of more guys in her lifetime than a whole brothel
full of hookers. Perhaps her situation was just the reverse, using her looks to provide her
suitors with only the barest sexual activity. Soon I would have the answer. Soon I would have
her lips pressed tightly around the root of my cock. Then I would be able to determine her skill
level accurately. The 'How to be a great cocksucker tape' was merely a humiliating way to keep
her awake and deny her sleep while I rested. It certainly seemed to have worked. Her eyes were
sunken and hollow, from being forced to watch a non-stop felatio show. I had decided to starve
her and deny her sleep for a few critical days initially to soften her up. I was not even
prepared to offer her any water. If she wanted water she could get it from two sources. She
could drink while she showered, or there was always the toilet. I remembered reading somewhere
that this was how cults weakened resistance in their new members.

	I prepared a light breakfast. While I did I turned on the local morning news. The lead piece
was on local millionaire Richard Potter. He had been rushed to the hospital in full arrest. He
was in a deep coma now. They were uncertain whether he was going to revive of not.

Members of his personal staff had discovered his near lifeless body and rushed him to the
hospital. They showed a few pictures of his lovely wife, the former Mrs. Stacey Potter. Now know
only to me as Cunt. There was a brief bit of biographical information on her. Turns out she was
an Army brat never staying in one place for more than a few brief years. Both her parents were
dead. She had a sister who they briefly interview. Mrs. Stacey Potter had not attended her
husband's hospital. Her whereabouts was proving to be more newsworthy than her husbands fight
for life. I switched off the TV. It appeared that I was too late in my plan. At least I was too
late to help poor Mr. Potter. It was clear to me that she had either tried to fuck him to death,
or maybe she merely teased him to death over the weekend. Seemingly I was too late to save a
life. I could now merely provide vengeance for a foolish old man. He was foolish because he had
not realized his wife true nature. Concealed beneath her bouncy, frivolous exterior lay a
murderess. I had prepared a copy of the intercepted phone conversation between Cunt and her
lover. The conversation I had intercepted only a week ago that precipitated all my actions to
this date. I resolved to have it delivered into the hands of the police. With Mr. Potter dying
in hospital, Mrs. Potter missing, I was confident that the police would be able to identify her
lover. Perhaps even prosecute him. Ideally they would assume that she had become scared, and
decided that a life on the run was her only way out. They would search for her for a few months,
maybe as long as a year. Never to find her. Occasionally her story would appear on the tawdry TV
tabloid shows. Destined to fade again into obscurity. All the while I would be using her body
relentlessly, heaping humiliation upon humiliation upon her.

	Taking her that first night had been an essential first step. Had I not fucked her that first
night she may have interpreted my hesitance as weakness. That misinterpretation would now be
impossible for her to make.

	I had a long day of abuse scheduled for her today. I dressed the part this day. I would be
mostly naked around her and decided to dress in sweat pants and a muscle shirt. They would be
quick to remove. I too would have little use for clothing from now on.

I walked into the chambers just as the tape was finishing, flipping on the lights in each room
as I went. She could hear this and was aware of my presence. The current to the iron door to her
cell was deactivated. I slid the heavy bolt clear and swung the door open, just as the lesson
was ending. "You have thirty minutes to prepare yourself cunt, don't be late." I left her
without even looking at her and before she had a chance to answer. By the time I had reached the
Second Station I could hear the water running. I left for her the makeup and wardrobe
instructions I wanted her to follow. I busied myself with some further preparations in the
bedroom chamber.

	I had dreamt of creating a situation where I could walk into a room any time day or night and
find waiting for me a desirable pliant woman. In short an obedient cock crazy whore. I had very
nearly achieved that and I was confident that with a few refinements I could produce that
situation. I needed to streamline and automate her preparation process. Ideally I would be able
to speak to her from the study and start her on her journey of preparation to the bedroom
chamber. The lack of time was the issue I had only had a week to prepare all that I had. The
wiring I had done was crude, and I had made plans to improve them over the next day or two. I
had some ideas on how to automate her preparations and would implement these at the same time.

	Time was running out on her. I told her this and I could tell that she was trying her best to
remain on schedule. Just like at a football game I gave her the two-minute warning. Time moved
on relentlessly. She was down to a single minute and there was still no sight of her. I placed
my hand on the wooden switch box. "Times up cunt!" I called out. As I finished the sentence. I
moved the switch to the first position for 10 seconds. During this time I could hear her
screams, and hear her thrashing about. The current was very minor not nearly enough to kill her,
or even damage her physically for that matter. Obviously her psyche was being decimated by what
I was doing to her. An eye for an eye. Nobody said that it had to be done to her quickly. The
currents effect was magnified because of the size and location of the iron collar around her
neck. It was highly conductive. By now she was a whole minute late. I announced this as I gave
her another 10-second shot. This time I heard her fall off the makeup tables stool as her
convulsions forced her to the floor. When the current ended I could hear her rustling with the
clothing items. Two minutes and still no sign of her. "You're two minutes late cunt." I gave her
another blast, this time advancing the current to the second position. Again, I heard as she was
knocked to the floor by the current. I was watching the clock closely now my finger poised on
the blip button. My finger twitched to press the button a third time when I heard her stand and
run as best as she could run, hobbled as she was in her heels, to the heavy curtain that
separated us. She rushed into the room, panting and breathless. "I'm ready for you darling." Her
bare chest heaved as she slowly regained control over her breathing. Her need for oxygen was so
great yet she struggled to breathe through her nose rather than her mouth.

	I had chosen this time to encase her hourglass figure in black. After all, she was no longer a
virgin to me, so she was not deserving of white anymore. I had decided to force her waist into a
new confined shape this time. Her breasts were completely bared this time. A waist cincher was
laced tightly on her, hugging her midriff tightly, further exaggerating her ample charms. It was
this complicated article that I had calculated might push her over the allotted 30 minutes that
I had specified she be ready in. It did and it gave me the chance to prod her along. She wore no
garterbelt this time. The stockings on her legs were designed to stay up by themselves. The
elastic section at the top of her stockings pressed tightly on her thighs, forming slight mounds
from her delicious flesh. The same cheap jewelry again adorned her, along with the same makeup,
which was heavily applied and garish. Her lips and nails were of course, fire engine red. No
matter what instructions I left for her she would learn that red was the only color that I would
ever allow on her lips and nails. Her hair had been collected and gathered up with some pins I
had left for her. Her long graceful neck was exposed to me this way. The only thing that marred
the scene was the omnipresent iron collar. Her collar. I motioned for her to turn around a few
times that I may further inspect her body. The cincher had done its job splendidly, forcing her
ass to jut out. Providing me a tempting target for my attentions. When her back was facing me I
uttered another command. "Join me on the bed." I patted where I wanted her to sit. Again she
perched taughtly on the bed. This time through I could see her forcing her body to be more
compliant, and relaxed. I pulled her body down beside me. I turned over on my side and began to
explore her body with my hands. "For fake tits they sure feel real." "Thank you darling." I
continued my explorations.

	I removed her collar and tossed it to the wooden floor. I did not replace it with any
fettering. All she had to do to regain her freedom was overpower me. Then break through three
locked doors. She of course only knew about one door, but it was secured with a combination
lock. If she did manage to overpower me she would need to get through this door, somehow. She
was not much of a threat to escape. She could however try to kill me. But if she did that she
too would die. Soon the futility of her situation would make her suicidal. I remember one
celebrated case where a captive woman refused to cooperate with her abductors and choose death
instead. In my plan I would not have killed her. I would be reserving something much worse that
being forced to satisfy my lusts upon her. I would convince her that being my sex slave was not
a fate worse than one I could conjure up, which was just this side of death. These thoughts
rattled around in my head as I fondled her from her neck to her knees. Enjoying the varied
textures of her body. I delighted in teasing her, watching her struggle to keep herself
available to my roaming hands. I moved my hand between her legs. Briefly she tried to press her
legs together. I did not retreat my hand. A disparaging glance was all it took to get her to
open up her legs enough to give me some access. I moved my hands back and forth on her thighs
until her legs were spread wide enough for my touch. She shifted nervously as I began my
exploration but she did manage to keep her legs spread wide for me. I found her dry and tight.
She winced and sucked in a sharp breath as I began to probe inward with the single finger I
managed to penetrate her with. It was obvious that she had not used the baby oil on herself.
Poor dear, perhaps she had run out of time. "You're not very excited are you cunt?" "I just take
awhile to get started darling. That's all." She cooed and smiled sweetly back at me. I slowly
trailed my finger from her snatch upward slowly tracing it along her body toward my destination.
Her mouth. Her face twisted into a slight sneer, as I forced her to lick and suck on my finger.
Her disgust at her own taste revealed that she was not a lesbian. After I had swirled my finger
around in her mouth for a minute or so I moved it down to vagina again and penetrated her. I
repeated the cycle again and again. Until I had managed to open, relax and expand her using her
own saliva. Toward the end I was masturbating her with three fingers. Jamming inward and
twisting, ensuring that she was open and well lubricated. I was grinding my erection against her
silk covered legs. I began to lick and suckle at her breasts. They failed to respond. I bit into
one hard. Her hands came up to my head in reflex to my head. She began to run her fingers
through my hair. Quickly, I rolled on top of her. Hunching up my back I replaced my fingers with
myself. Entering her she let her hands tighten within my hair. I felt her nails scratching my
scalp. A groan escaped past her lips. I recognized it. It was not a groan of lust, she was not
acting yet. It was a groan of defeat. "Rake your nails down my back." Her hands moved, fluttered
really down and began to lightly scratch my back up and down my back's length. I loved this
treatment and arched my back deeply into her. I drove myself into her again and again. This was
clearly not making love. It was much better than mere lovemaking. I could concentrate entirely
on my pleasure. I need not even think of her enjoyment of it. In fact when I did think of her it
was when one of my thrusts wrenched another groan from deep within her. Or when in my thrusting
caused one of her oversized tits to flap around and hit me, as I chased them with my hungry
mouth. I groaned out more instructions. "Pick your legs up and wrap them around my waist Cunt."
Slowly she raised her legs up into the position I specified. The angle of her pelvis changed
allowing me greater access to her. More sounds, and still more humiliations passed by the ruby
red lips. I slammed myself deep into her. She moved upwards on the bed an inch or so. Maybe I
should have chained her ankles down. I forced her arms down holding them beside her head.
Grabbing thick handfuls of her hair I kept driving into her. Each penetration forced her to move
up. This caused her head to tilt back, re-exposing her throat. Her mouth opened, her jaw hung
slack. A constant stream of grunts and other primal sounds were now being forced from her. I
drove into her and stopped. I was buried balls deep in her cunt. Even though I was stopped in
her I pressed forward trying to get further inside her. Trying to crawl my whole being up inside
of her. I had now curved her back up, some of her hair was loosening from her scalp. I could
feel it slipping from her head. She was not screaming, her breath was too crippled top enable
any screams. "Clamp your cunt down on me bitch. Use your cunt to squeeze me out." He muscles
strained in response. This order of mine, would no doubt have been very agreeable to her. Were
it within her power, which it was of course clearly not. I began to move again. Her grip
relaxed, her pelvic muscles were not developed. "Clamp, again cunt." She did her best. "Squeeze
me harder with you legs." Again she complied. What else could she do? I was buried in her,
smothered by her femininity. My face was nestled in her breasts. Her legs wrapped in slippery
silk stocking, she brushed her heels on my backside. Her clasping pussy, the smell of her sweat
and fear. The texture of her hair in my hands. Her taste, salty from sweat. The smell of
hairspray, and her whorish makeup. It was too much for me, I emptied myself into her. She got to
me sooner than I wanted. My grip on her relaxed, as did her grip on my waist, and I allowed
myself to stretch out on top of her body completely. I was still buried deep within her. I
intended to try and stay in her as deep and as long as possible, letting myself soften and
eventually fall from her. This did not happen as I retained my erection. I began thrusting
again. I only continued for a few minutes however. Instead I withdrew, still exited. Possessing
her was incredibly exciting. I wonder how long she would remain so provocative. I crouched
kneeling between he splayed legs. She lay before me her crafted sculpted beauty ravaged. This
was the only word for what I had done. I had taken her. The effort I had made her expend to
enhance her desirability had been torn to pieces. Her body was a canvas that I had created a
whore upon, and had then torn to pieces. I began examining her. The pins from her hair had
nearly all fallen. Her face was stilled flushed. Streaks of lipstick were smeared clear across
one cheek. Her breasts had fresh bruises, and other maul marks applied to both of them. They
were heaving from her exertions. The waist cincher made it hard for her to breathe, allowing
only shallow breaths. Her stockings were full of runs. I traced my fingers up and down these new
lines in her hose, startling her from her recuperative state. She looked down at me. She caught
sight of my erection and realized that there would be more. Sooner than she had though. I
pressed my hand back inside of her. She had been opened widely by the pummeling, and there was
no resistance to my entry.  This thought delighted me 'no resistance' It was barely a week ago
that she was sneering at me. I removed my fingers. They were sticky. "Open your mouth." She did
part her lips, slightly. It was enough. I jammed them in. Forcing her to lick my fingers clean
of my cum, and her trace juices. I repeated this process many times till I had fed her all my
cum. "Lip smackin' good. Right cunt?" The expected response of "Yes darling." came on cue. Tears
were welling up in her eyes, put there by me, by my cruelty. I had barely begun. The day was
young, and full of promise.

	I got up from the bed, my erection bobbing obscenely before me. I handed her her collar back.
She refastened it without having to be told. "Go and paint your face on again. Brush your hair
out but leave it wavy." She swung her legs by me moving quickly. Her noisy chain trailed behind
her. I slapped her ass hard as she passed by. "Get some fresh stockings on too. You have 10
minutes." I watched her till she disappeared behind the curtain.

Ten minutes would be more than enough time for me to get ready for round two.

	First I set up some spotlights by the side of the bed. Against the wall I placed the tripod
with the video camera on it angled down slightly. I connected the cables to a VCR and popped in
an 8-hour tape. Projecting from the camera mounted between the camera and the tripod was a
graphite rod 5 feet long that I had taken from a fishing rod. It ended about 4 feet off the
ground.

	She entered the room as I was making final preparations. She was lovely again. I pointed to
were the rod ended. "Kneel there." She did, but she was too far from the end of the rod. Angered
I booted her ass inching her as close as I wanted. The rough-hewn splinter covered floor had
already destroyed these new stockings. I loosened the pivot on the camera mount till the tip of
the rod was poised just above her mouth. I took 2 pairs of handcuffs from a night table drawer.
Using the first pair I roughly cuffed her wrists together behind her back. Using the other pair
I chained the first pair to her iron collar. Her ass looked so spankable in this state. I
switched on the camera. From the drawer I got one final object. A lifelike recreation of my own
penis. I held it up to my own for her to see that they were the same size. Even the vein
structure matched. "Now we shall see if you learned anything at the movies cunt." Quickly I
pressed the dildo onto the end of the rod. I bounced and bobbed before her. I began explaining
the rules of the game to her. "The tape is 8 hours long. You will suck on this till I come and
get you. The dildo is a wax molding of my cock. I am going to watch the tape when you are done.
If you stop you will be punished. If I think you aren't enthusiastic enough you will be
punished. If I find teeth marks on the wax you will be punished. If you are punished, I will
make you do it again. I can always pop in a fresh tape and make you start again." She looked
like she was going to be sick to her stomach at the prospect of hours of degradation. She also
looked like she would kill me in New York minute if I gave her the chance. "Any Questions?" She
softened her face and began begging. "Please darling I'll be a good little cocksucking whore for
you. Please let me show you how good I can be for you." I smiled back. "I'll let you blow me
later if you really want to cunt." Before she could attempt an answer I brought out some Q cards
for her to read into the lens. "Read this, and get it right."

I snapped up the card facing the words toward her for he to read. She began. "Hello my name is
Cunt. My darling owner loves it when he lets me suck on his long delicious cock." On the next
card. "He has instructed me to make this tape to show you how he likes me to do it." Next card.
"His cock is so yummy I often dream of sucking him off. Next card. "If this tape is hot enough I
will get to swallow his yummy cum." "Action" I whispered. And she began slurping up and down its
length. I watched her for a few minutes. She was enthusiastic, but her technique was clearly
lacking.

	I had better things to do than stand here and watch her. After all I was taping this show. The
camera was mounted loosely enough on its gimbal that it kept her in the frame no matter how she
bent or moved. As long as she kept it in her sucking slurping mouth the camera would track her
face.  As I left the room I bend down beside her face, to offer some directorial criticism.
"Remember, lots and lots of tongue action cunt. There's nothing worse than a blow job with the
girls tongue just lays there lifeless." She grunted her 'yes darling' around the wax phallus.
"You see I can rape you 24 hours of the day if I want. I don't even have to be in the room."
With my bare hand I slapped her rump hard several times, then left her chained kneeling, and
sucking.

	I used the time that she would be occupied, (her mouth anyway) to attend to a few matters. I
showered, ate and napped a little. Pleased to think that all the while she was on her knees,
slurping and bobbing away. She had been at it for a couple of hours know. When I checked on her
she was still going at it. Her pace had naturally slowed somewhat. But I was pleased with her
performance nonetheless. After all she was doing what I wanted, and she would continue doing
what I wanted.

	I had decided to leave her sucking for another few hours. I used the time to make some
modifications to the switching and wiring of her chamber. I added another iron bolt to the cell
door. This one operated vertical. When it was down it was unlocked, and the cell door would
swing open freely. Above it on the wall I now mounted powerful electromagnets. This was wired
into the same circuit that started the flow of current and electrified the iron cell door. This
switch and all the light switches I changed the switches into 3 way models that terminated in my
study in the house. I also made some additions to Station 2, specifically to her dressing table.
I added an atomizer of some tarty French perfume. Its aroma was sickly sweet. It was yet another
example of something no self-respecting woman would do to herself. Also she would find a binder
on the table filled with all sorts of lovely instructions for her dress.

	By the time I had finished these modifications she had been on her knees sucking for over 5
hours. When I reentered the bedroom she was oblivious to my presence. Her pace on the dildo was
slowing to an almost imperceptible back and forth rocking motion. She had spread her knees wide,
nearly as wide as she could get them. Her balance point was what she was pivoting back and forth
on. She was covered in perspiration from her exertions. Clearly this was hard work for her. She
had of course she a tear or two. The second pair of stocking she had changed into had been
destroyed by the floorboards. Her hands were discolored the shackles had cut off some of the
circulation in her wrists. Surprisingly she still had not noticed me even thought I had had the
time to make these detailed observations of her condition.

	I decided to get her attention. From the large walk in wardrobe I retrieved a long riding crop.
The swishing sound it made as I directed some practice swings at the air finally got her
attention. She made some bleating sounds past the wax dildo wedged between her lips. "Don't stop
sucking now cunt. Actually if you do I won't mind a bit, I have lots of blank tapes." She
redoubled her efforts and began to suck on the fake dick with renewed zeal. Just like she had at
the beginning of her oral ordeal. I understand that when most owners whip their slaves they
start out slow, and work up to really hard blows latter on. I have never understood this.
Punishment should be painful after all. To that end I resolved to make the blows even
throughout. I raised up my arm and brought it down swinging it hard. I stopped short teasing her
with the end of the crop. I poked her crotch with it, spreading her labia open with the leather
end of the crop. Groans of frustration escaped past her lips. I decided that she had waited long
enough for me to begin, so I did. I slashed into her precious backside, putting my arm and back
into the blows. The sound of the crop smacking into her tender flesh was tremendously loud. It
would be nearly unrecognizable on the soundtrack of the videotape when I played it back later.
She screamed loudly, a terrible animalistic pain from deep within her. The dildo fell from her
lips and bobbed around before her free from her lips for the first time in hours. I had intended
that all the blows be equally hard right from the start. But when she dropped it, I had to make
them harden still. I whipped her harder with the next two blows. Her screams were even louder
with these vicious swipes. Three large angry welts had risen high on her ass as soon as the crop
had been drawn back from her. I paused to lecture her. "Those last two were harder that the
first. Weren't they Cunt?" She nodded wild with pain, unable to speak. "Start sucking again and
I'll only hit you as hard as the first one." She merely sobbed in response, unable to comply
with my demand. "Suit yourself." One more really hard blow and she was cooperative again. She
was searching through tear filled eyes for the dildo. Now quite eager to pop it back in her
mouth. After another really hard one she had trapped it securely in between her swollen lips and
was eagerly sucking again. She was trying so hard to be a good little girl. I continued slashing
at her backside as she sucked. Her screams had died down as she got used to the beating. Her
flesh jiggled with each blow. My flagging erection had been revived again. I stopped and pulled
her off the dildo by her hair. When a woman has long hair there is little need for a leash. I
dragger her by her hair back over to the bed. Her voice was high and pinched from the agony she
was in. "Thank you darling." I flung her face down on the bed. The chains which she wore, that
were still holding her arms up high behind her back rattled loudly as she landed. She lay
sideways across the bed. "Doggie style Cunt" I barked. Painfully she drew her legs up underneath
her. She looked great from this angle her wide hips were going to quickly make this position a
future favorite of mine. A multitude of lines ran across her backside, and I traced them all one
after the other with my index finger. When I scrapped her welts with my fingernail she cried out
in a most charming manner. "Do you want to suck on the real deal?" Her voice was raw and sore
from all her screams. "Oh yes please darling, I do I want to suck on your cock so badly please
please please let me show you how good I can make it for you." Stupid cunt. It was of course the
wrong answer. I grabbed a cheek in both hands and squeezed her savaged behind hard, trying to
compact the sumptuous flesh between my fingers. No screams this time, she merely clenched her
teeth and drew in a lung full of air. She took the hint. "I'm sorry darling, I meant to say I
want to suck you cock if you want me to suck you cock darling." I did not release my grip on her
ass. "That's correct. Now tell me why I whipped you." "Oh darling I am such a worthless whore.
I'm sure I have done many things that have displeased you. Many times I have deserved the
discipline I have just received. Please tell me what I have done so that I may improve my
performance darling." Wow she was really getting into this. Its amazing what a little pain can
accomplish. I considered it impossible that I could ever instill genuine behavior like this in
her. If I kept on top of her for a month or so, then perhaps the desired behavior I wanted her
to exhibit could become a habit for her. "The other night, when we first made love." I tried to
insult her by calling it this. "You tried to attack me with you nails. I don't expect any slut
that I own to attack me in any form is that clear?" "Of course darling, I'm so sorry it won't
happen again I promise."

	With an iron collar around her neck, and her arms chained up behind her back, I must have been
expected some pretty intense violence from her. Of course I think it looks really hot too! But
in her case there were many other reasons I had her trussed up like this. The most important of
which was she was a killer. At least she really thought she was. She did not of course know that
she hadn't quite succeeded in fucking her husband to death. Nevertheless, for her human life was
something that she could sacrifice, if it meant reaching a personal goal. In her eyes I was not
human life. I was not even a lowly bug. If I slipped up and let her get the chance to injure me,
the things I had done to her would pale in comparison to what she would do to me. Secondly,
escape was clearly impossible. At least conventional escape was impossible. Prisoners under a
great deal of stress can sometimes see suicide as a means of escape. I was certain she would
attempt suicide. No cell is suicide proof, but I had taken some limited precaution to prevent
her from stopping all the fun. I wasn't going to be through with her for a long, long time if I
had my way. And having my way was what this was all about.

	She remained in the dogie style position. I circled her body, transfixed by the scene before
me, unable to look away afraid I would miss some critical jiggle of her flesh. "You want to suck
my cock, I know you do." Taunting her this way was such fun. A murderess had promised that she
would not attack me further. Right, I would put my disk in her mouth. I did not see my future as
the poster boy for penile reconstruction. Get somebody else to be the next John Wayne Bobbit. I
would not take that chance, even to possess her mouth. If I failed to take her mouth it would be
a form of victory for her. I could not allow this either. Again I had a plan. From my pocket I
pulled out the device. A simple device really, but so aesthetically unpleasant to look at. No
matter I would use it to use her. Bending near her face I pinched her nose closed with my left
hand. She looked, at me curious as to my intentions, her eyes wide with question. It took only a
few seconds for her mouth to open seeking life sustaining air. Then I knew I had her. I jammed
the ring between her teeth. It was a good fit jamming her mouth wide open just behind her
canines. They were white and long and sharp and I knew just by looking at them that I had done
the right thing. Without further ado I slide my cock into her mouth, just halfway first. I could
feel her breath swirling around myself, the warmth of her skin as it touch my dick. She tried,
she tried hard to close her jaw on my invading member. The tempered steel ring held fast and
protected me from injury. I though that this must be what it feels like when the lion tamer
places his head into the lions mouth, as the final act in the show. In her case this was only
the beginning or her's. If she could suck a wax dildo for hours upon hours then she would surely
repeat the favor for her owner. I expected it from her. If she tried to refuse it would reflect
badly on her training. She did not scream or cry out. It would do no good. Besides she did not
have it in her, she was clearly exhausted. "Don't forget. I like a lot of tongue action cunt."
It was as if I had turned a switch. Her tongue began its motion along the length of my cock. She
first worked the underside tracing the tip of her tongue along the large ridge. She fluttered
it, and swirled it around and around then around it again. I of course helped her too, by sawing
myself I and out of her. Fucking her face. After all it was the gentlemanly thing to do for her.
She was denied the use of her hands. This could take some time. I pressed myself home into her
completely till her nose was pressed hard into my pubic hair. Her breath tickled me. She gagged
and began to choke on me. I would help her past this involuntary gag reflex. I began to crawl
forward lifting her torso off the bed with my pelvis. This is what I call some deep throat
action. Her breast hung low and dangled freely. Her ministration to my dick faded as she kept
gagging. She was obviously in need of further encouragement. How else was I going to prove that
she had absolutely no power to resist in even the most minute way anything that I had planned
for her. Her nipples were my target this time. I pressed my thumbnail into each nipple hard.
"I'll let you sleep after you get me off cunt. I'll let you sleep for a long long time. All you
have to do is swallow when you feel me coming." The promise of sleep combined with the pain got
her moving again. She began to rock her body back and forth on the bed, desperate for some
friction, desperate for me to cum. I to could be nice. I relaxed my pinching choosing instead to
cradle her breast, cupping them gently. They swayed with her rocking body, and I marveled at
their heaviness. I gripped her head and began to fuck her face. I used deep slow deliberate
strokes. Her tongue was working overtime now. With every chance she had to slather the head of
my dick she took it. Her enthusiasm forced as it was was driving me over the edge. It felt as
though I had pumped gobs of cum into her mouth. I could feel her swallowing. I'll never know for
sure how much she swallowed. I never saw a drop.

	It was great, I didn't have to thank her. I didn't have to take her home. I didn't have to call
her a cab. All I had to do was remove the gag and her handcuffs. She was capable of handling the
rest. She knew what was expected of her. She would return the jewelry to the box. Return the
lingerie to the shelf. Clean herself with a shower and crawl into her cell. Not a word was
exchanged between us. The setup was perfect. She was beautiful and compliant, and I could tailor
make her to suit my desires of the moment. Any fantasy I wanted I could attain. All I had to do
was pickup the microphone broadcast my desires, flip a few switches. Wait from between thirty
minutes to an hour. Then meet her in the bedroom. All that I could imagine I could have.

	Her backside was in serious need of repair. Time heals all wounds. I decided that she had been
good enough to earn a few days respite and something to eat. I let her sleep for as long as she
could. She slept for just over 13 hours, on her stomach. She awoke to find her first meal in
captivity. There was a paper container of milk, an egg salad sandwich, and an assortment of
fruit for her to nibble on. Nibbling is something she definitely did not do. She ate ravenously
leaving no edible remains except a few pits. Even these she had cleaned most thoroughly. That
superb tongue of hers at work again. The idea of a hunger strike had obviously not occurred to
her yet. As long as she remained cooperative she would receive a comparable meal to this one
once a day. I would also have to develop an exercise regimen for her. Maybe an hour of
calisthenics every second day. Bending, stretching running on the spot, sit-ups, that sort of
thing. Over the months to come, I would fashion it to her needs. If she gained weight, less food
and more exercise. Till she maintained the weight I desired for her. This was yet another aspect
of the control I could wield over her. I would not allow her the ability to determine any aspect
of her appearance. The need for self-determination runs strong within us all. The ability to
control ones own body shape is a significant factor in the development of eating disorders among
adolescent women. For my new property the ability to regulate her own shape would be taken from
her by me as well. If I could take anything else from her I would. I would leave her in a world
in which she had no influence over even the tiniest detail of her new life.

	While she recuperated I took the time to advance the plan further along. I had to get the copy
of her taped conversation into the hands of the police. If I made an actual tape I would have to
be careful about fingerprints, and serial numbers on the tapes themselves. In my paranoid
fantasies they could trace the tape back to the store I had purchased it at. The clerk would of
course be able to remember me. After all I was so ordinary, and I paid in cash. A composite
drawing would be generated. I would be found, and the cunt would be freed. Free to ruin another
man's life, perhaps even kill him too. Instead I formulated a better plan. I converted and
transferred the tape into a sound file. I would e-mail it to the authorities instead. It was
only a couple of megabytes. E-mailing it from home would not be much of an option either. I
would do it from the public library. Thousands of faces passed through the doors of the library
each day. I could easily pass through the halls of learning send it to the police and leave
unnoticed and untraceable. While I was transmitting the sound file it occurred to me that they
might try to suppress the tape. Looking out the window as the message was being transmitted I
noticed the Sun-Times newspaper building. They got a copy of it as well. If the police denied
knowledge of the recording I'm sure the hardworking reputable reporters of the Fifth Estate
would be sure to ask the police for a statement. It didn't take long to send a third copy to a
suitable newsgroup. There, let them try to suppress it now.

	While I was out I hit a few stores to stock up the household with some basic supplies, enough
for a couple of weeks. I also picked up some other items at the hardware store. Being away from
the house I began to get nervous about the possibility of my captive escaping somehow. I really
didn't think it was possible. I knew I was being paranoid, but I felt that I must improve
security around the house. Not only security from attack from an intruder. But security to
prevent her escape. There can be improvements made to almost any system. With that in mind I
paid a visit to a local security firm I had done some work with in the past. They we pleased to
see me. Especially after I made the purpose of the visit known to them. I signed a contract with
them to install an extensive home security system. Every external door and every external window
would have an entry detector. Every room would have a motion detector, including the basement,
especially the room that allowed entrance to her underground mobile home. Every door and window
on the house would have bars covering them. They were tasteful bars very ornamental, to soften
the appearance. By the time I was done the place would be Fort Knox. No one would get in. More
importantly I couldn't see how she could ever get out. Unless I released her, which of course
would never happen. I paid a hefty premium to get the job done in the next 2 days. No questions
were asked I was in the business of investigating people. It was potentially a dangerous
business, especially as I was successful at it. Perhaps I had made some enemies. Maybe someone I
had helped to put in jail.

	The crews they sent worked quickly and efficiently. The house was filled with the noise of
hammering and banging. I left them to work hard, they were eager to earn the time incentive
bonus, which they did. When they were done I decided to run a systems test. I could activate the
motion detectors in each room individually. I turned on the motion detector in the basement,
then tripped the one leading into her chambers. There was no noise, no siren no lights nothing
at all to indicate that the alarm had been tripped. Except that the pager I had on my belt was
shaking to tell me that I had an important page. I checked it smiling, the message read SECURITY
BREACH. The price of piece of mind was expensive. The price of failure would have been more
expensive. If she ever managed to escape her home, then I would be paged. I relaxed quite
confidant that she would never even get that far.   

	While they worked I did not visit her for the entire time of their stay. I did not have to. I
could observe her, and check on her. She rarely cried her self to sleep these days. Most night
however she did have bad dreams and often she would wake up screaming. The newly installed
remotely operable bolt on her cell door worked great and was an excellent addition. I let her
out once a day to stretch and exercise and get water from the shower. To test her I played a
little game with her. After the first day I switched off the water to the shower unit. I then
put her through a rather long set of stretching and exercises. After the exercise session was
over she really needed some water. She instantly realized what she must do. Kneeling she drank
from the toilet like a dog. Her obedience was surprising to me. She must have been thirsty or
perhaps hungry eager to fill her stomach with something to stave of the hunger pangs. If I could
keep her desperate for food then maybe I could prevent a hunger strike. I was not prepared to
feed her intravenously. I did not feed her at all for the two days the workers were on site.

	To entertain her I did let her watch selected programs on TV. I let her watch Fashion TV. I let
her watch porn on the satellite channel. I even let her watch Baywatch. Maybe she'd even learn
something. I decided I wanted her to learn something else too. I let her watch the local news
one night on tape of course, after I had screened it for content. She learned that her husband
was still clinging to life, she had not killed him yet. She did not learn that he was not
expected to live, I did not want her to know that. I wanted her to think that she had failed.
Nor did she learn that people were still actively looking for her. I did not want to give her
any reason for maintaining hope for a rescue.

	After a couple of days of no sex, all the while watching her jump and shake her titties for me,
had made me crazy. I was beside myself with lust for her again. She was going to get something
special from me tonight. She was trying to relax in her cell. I kept her in the cage for 23
hours a day. Remaining inactive was a hard thing for he to do. It would be hard for anyone to
do. Except for some attorneys I knew. She wasn't tired enough to sleep. I watched her toss and
fret for a few moments before I began speaking. "Good evening cunt. I have a very special show
for you to watch tonight." I had her attention now her eyes were darting around while she
listened intently. "The first night you were with me I knew you were a good dancer. Tonight I'm
going to help you do better." The tape began it was a short tape only an hour and fifteen
minutes. The title passed before her. 'How to strip for your lover.' As the name suggested it
was an instruction tape made by a stripper who had a few years of experience and though that she
could make a quick buck and maybe even quit stripping with a really successful tape. It didn't
happen she was still a stripping I think.

	The tape taught standard dancing techniques, how to move to music, what sort of music is best.
What sort of clothes to select so that they can be removed with the least effort. There were
short segments on how to remove long gloves and stocking. Her primary advice was that it be done
slowly while looking directly in to you lovers eyes.

	As the tape finished she could hear the bolt on her cell door drop down freeing her to perform
or me. "Shower, go to the toilet. On the dressing table turn to page 15 and follow the
directions you find there. You have 50 minutes. Don't be late or you know what I'll do to you."
She moved quickly, she was well motivated despite having 50 minutes. Perhaps it was another
trick. Fifty minutes was a long time, so it must mean that I had some pretty elaborate plans for
her dress. As always she dreaded her fate.  

	The directions on page 15 were pretty standard fare for her. The detail of her hair and makeup
were quite familiar to her by now. She was directed to tone down the makeup on this page. Her
lips however were to be made bright red matching her nails. I watched her through the mirror, as
she leaned forward into the glass pursing her lips to apply the lipstick and then the gloss
accurately. The directions for her hair again left her with large fluffy curls crowning her
natural beauty.

	She read the final paragraph on the page. 'Remember this time to use the baby oil on your cunt
and ass. Dress in the contents of box T2. When you have completed dressing, turn to page 60 for
more instructions.'

She searched for and found box T2. Opening it she did a double take, checking that she had in
fact found the proper box. He undergarments were pretty standard fare. Beige stockings to be
held up by a black garter belt. For the first time in her captivity a pair of panties were
included. The bra was a matching one, closing in the front, cut low to leave her ample breast
spilling over the top. A pair of shoes were included as well, green with a 4-inch heel. This
time however additional items were included. As she dressed they were revealed below the
previous item. Next I the box she found a black slip that she put on quickly. Below the slip was
a dress cut just below the knee, green in color. The front was covered in functional buttons
that ran the length of the garment. Stripping this dress off would take time. Just like the tape
recommended. All together there must have been thirty buttons closing it on her. It was tapered
tightly on her legs forcing her to take shorter mincing steps. It felt strange to her to be
wearing clothes again. I had arranged that the dress be tight fitting. There was also a purse at
the bottom of the box that she picked up. No doubt it was just a prop. She thought it quite
unlikely that they would actually go out into the real world. What need did she have for a
purse.

	Following orders she turned to page 60 for the final instructions. On page sixty she found a
key taped to the page. The instructions read "Use the key and remove your collar. Lock the key
into the floor safe that you will find underneath the dressing table. You will find a ghetto
blaster and an envelope on the night table in the bedroom. Turn it on open the envelope and do
what it says. Do this now."

	She swallowed hard steeling herself for the professional performance that I expected. After one
final check on her appearance she passed through the curtain separating the second station from
the bedroom. She tried hard to maintain a smile on her face that I demanded and the video
suggested. The smile vanished and was replaced with a perplexed look when she did not see me in
the room. The ghetto blaster was there, as was the envelope. I watched her body move beneath
clothes as she walked around the bed toward the stereo. It was pleasant to see her move having
to imagine for a change how she looked in her underclothes. She turned on the tape picked up the
envelope and began reading the note inside. I saw her look at the page, which was blank, she
turned it over and looked for her instructions on the reverse side. It too was blank. She was
standing right in front of me now but she could still not see me. I was standing in the closet
observing her every confused move. My voice emerged from the stereo. "Turn and face the ghetto
blaster cunt." She did so her back now facing me. "Listen carefully." I tensed my body ready to
spring. "If you manage to keep me from fucking you. I'll let you go."

	Now that the rules of the game were clear, on cue I sprang from my lair pouncing on her. She
screamed completely surprised by this sudden turn of events. By the time I reached her she had
turned sideways to me and had her arms up to defend her self. My hands sought out their
respective targets on her body. I grabbed a handful of hair with my left hand. My right hand
went straight to her collar of her dress. When I had a firm grip on each target. I pulled my
arms I opposite directions. Her head snapped back as my right arm shot down to her feet tearing
the material of her dress and slip as it went. Many of the buttons that she believed she would
be slowly, teasingly be forced to remove herself jumped from her body and danced around our
entangled jousting feet. Her resistance was non-existent, surprise was so total she had not had
the ability to form a defense yet. My momentum carried us toward the bed. We fell onto it
together. I rolled on top of her pressing my left knee into her body. Her dress came apart
easily in my hands, after a few more tears at it. Soon she was clad only in her underclothes and
the tattered remains of her dress and slip. She tried to kick me, her blows were weak and
ineffective, except that she did manage to send one of her shoes flying at my head. It hit me
failing to slow me down. I placed both hands firmly around her neck and began to squeeze. She to
her credit kept trying to attack me. Her arms were shorter that mine. I laughed out loud at her
futile attempts to reach my face. All she could harm were my arms, and all she could do was
scratch them. I squeezed harder still, closing off her windpipe. Even through her makeup I could
see her face changing color to a deep shade of red. It was a good way to overcome resistance.
Unable to reach anything on me to cause harm her hands retreated covering my own, trying to
relieve the choking pressure on her throat. I took my knee from her body, picking her up be her
throat without releasing me grip I literally pulled her off the ground. Her own weight was now
employed in choking her. I shook her by her throat like a rag doll, reveling I my complete
mastery of her. It had been less than a minute and I had her completely under my control. I
turned her body, and threw her down on the bed face down. Her hands replaced mine on her throat
which was now free from my hands. She choked and gasped as airflow began again. Laying on her
stomach left her particularly vulnerable to me. I placed a knee in the small of her back pinning
her down to the bed, forcing her body into an uncomfortable arch. Her panties had worked their
way between her cheeks emulating a thong. I clutched at them with my right hand. They tore off
very easily. Well easily for me, on her hips they would leave behind friction burns, a smaller
one was left on her cunt. I caressed her cheeks exploring her deeply. Soon I had found her ass.
"You're not much of a fighter huh?" She continued her ineffective thrashing about. She had
remembered the baby oil this time. I poked at her ass with my finger driving deep into her tight
puckered hole. Despite the oil it must have hurt. "Bastard, YOU BASTARD .....NO DON'T." As she
continued I pressed in another finger, then another till I had forced in four fingers and began
twisting them all around. "You better stop me soon or you'll never get out of here cunt." Again
she screamed with hate and frustration. " NO ....No DON'T. Her arms flailed away ineffectively.
I shoved her head into the bedding, shutting her up. She began to smother. Still kneeling in the
small of her back I had her completely under my control. I pulled my hand out of her ass. And
began to give her a barehanded spanking. Poor girl, she had nearly healed. Once it had turned a
lovely shade of pink I stopped. My aim was not to hurt, but to humiliate. To demonstrate that I
could take my time with her, showing her how she was unable to do anything to stop me. Also it
warmed her ass up for me. Being beaten, and choked and smothered had sapped her strength. It was
a simple matter to kick her legs apart. I nestled myself between her legs. Pressing my erection
against her caused a few new struggled to begin but she was finished. I knew it and so did she.
I whipped my sweatpants down enough to get my dick out. Without further ado, it was time to fuck
her in the ass. I had purposely saved this for last. In many ways it was the best. I truly owned
her when I took a woman this way. More importantly, she knew that I would fuck her here one-day.
The longer I put it off the longer I could maintain that level of apprehension and stress I her.
I pressed myself into her, the going was slow and tough. I felt like a banana being skinned.
Holding her down by her hips, I had to lean back to see my cock stretching her open. I spit into
the hole several times, pushing hard simultaneously. Her hands were cradling, hiding her face as
she shook and sobbed knowing the end for her was near, and that she had been defeated yet again.
Despite her clenching her behind closed I forced my way passed her sphincter. She screamed
loudly from deep with her. The pain must have been tremendous, desperate to avoid my invading
cock she tried to squirm and wriggle across the bed. I rode her in the truest sense of the word
chasing her across the bed. Till she had nowhere to go. We were still joined jammed up against
headboard. She was not surprisingly incredibly tight. Before penetrating her ass I was certain
she had been fucked in her ass before, but now I wasn't so sure. I lay still on her for several
minutes, the muscles in her ass working hard to force me out. She lay beneath me now, unmoving
but still crying softly. She had submitted again, eager for it to end. It was a lovely moment.
She began to speak softly through her tears. "Please fuck my ass darling." The words made me
twitch inside her with excitement. I knew she had spoken them to hurry me along and hasten the
episode, to help make it end. The globes of her ass were high pressing up into my stomach. I
held her by her hips, running my fingers along the length of her garters as we moved together
driving toward the same goal. The bed rocked beneath us, creaking and squeaking. The noise of it
would have distracted me under normal circumstances and I would not have been able to continue.
The tight ring of her felt great cutting into my dick as it traveled up and down my shaft. I
could feel my balls begin to tighten and contract. I used her garters as reigns to drag her on
and off me. Her ass was sizeable but perfectly proportioned to her figure. It made the
experience of taking her from behind that much more special. He strain of submitting was taking
its toll on her. Her body was covered with sweat and she was trembling all over. I kept it going
as long as I could. Soon to soon really I was a goner and I knew it. My thrusting became more
and more erratic the closer I got to cumming. I was soon slapping into her freely with long deep
strokes. Each time I hit bottom I wrenched another series of grunts from her. She must have been
trying hard to make me cum. Words of encouragement tumbled from her between grunts and gasps.
"Cum, ...cum  in me darling." Usually when I finish I am not too vocal. So I surprised myself
crying out as I slammed into her ass one final time. The tension in her body drained, when she
realized that it was over. I saw stars behind my closed eyes as I went over the edge. I pressed
myself deep within her ass grinding myself against her till I finished. I waited in her till I
softened. Slowly I slid my cock out of her behind. She tried to remain very still as I withdrew
myself. Her battered ass was stretched open after I withdrew. She had been torn slightly her ass
produced a slight trickle of blood that ran down her thigh till it pooled at her stocking top. I
stood up and she shifted her body from the top of the bed down toward the middle. Her tattered
clothes still were partly covering her body. I would need to do some shopping to replace the
panties, slip and dress in box T2 if I wanted to try this scenario again. I searched through the
bedding looking for her purse. She looked at me curiously. "Help me find your purse." She
briefly searched and found it holding up to me for me to take it from her hands. "Open it up and
put on what you find inside." She had by this time moved to the side of the bed and sat down
gingerly on her brutalized ass. I stood before her eager to view her reaction to what she was
about to discover. Her purse was a small clutch type, able to hold only small items. A pair of
gloves and some lipstick would have filled the tiny purse. She snapped open the purse her
delicate finger searching inside of it. Between two fingers she drew an item from within. It
came out like a ribbon trailing after her fingers. When she had it fully withdrawn from the
purse realization reached her about how she was to wear it and its greater meaning. It was her
old friend the ring gag. "Strap it on tightly cunt. No stalling!" Utter hatred filled her face
as she drew her arms up behind her neck sliding the leather strap through the stainless steel
buckle. As she moved strapping the gag on her head me dick rose to the occasion pointing right
at her. A mixture of her own shit and blood mixed with my cum on my cock. This noxious cocktail
of fluids and aromas made sucking my cock that much more horrible for her. She had done a good
job of strapping it on her head. Aside from trapping her hair within the strap I would have done
nothing different. I could not have made it any tighter than she had herself. This was an
important consideration. If ever she was going to try and bite my dick off it would be now. It
was important that the gag be firmly secured. Her hands were clasped together I her lap fretting
together. "Get on with it." With that she began to move her mouth slowly forward toward me. She
managed to overcome her own revulsion and pass the head of my cock between her outstretched
lips. Her progress in swallowing my cock ended at that depth. I could she her body battling with
her might. The two forces competing within her had reached a stalemate. Revulsion kept her from
swallowing more.

Fear allowed her to make the progress that she had. I let my cock rest there for a few minutes
more. I was interested in seeing if there would be a winner. "And you said you would try and be
a great cocksucker. I'm very disappointed in you cunt" Still she remained motionless on my dick.
I twitched my cock dancing it on her tongue. Still she would not take it further into her mouth.
Gently, tenderly even I ran my hand through her hair. It was soft and luxurious. I ran my hand
to the back of her head. Softly so softly I ran my hand through her hair brushing the scalp
beneath ever so slightly. I tried hard to touch yet not touch her scalp. I wanted to exert that
subtle a pressure on her head. The balance that had been achieved was broken by this gentle
pressure. I was slowly engulfed by her mouth. It only took her a few more minutes to begin
swirling her tongue over me like she was learning I liked. I was brick hard in her despite the
fact that I had just finished fucking her ass not ten minutes before. It was going to be a
beautiful relationship. At least for me.

If you have content idea for poor Stacey's future appearances please send them along to
special_kwa@hotmail.com

Remember I'm partial to blondes!

Here's wishing you all have a healthy fantasy life.




Trophy Wife
Part 3



	The image on the screen was grainy, but still more than adequate to make out her face which was
as always covered in a thick mask of makeup. Had she been spotted on the street with this
pancake makeup on she would no doubt have been mistaken for a streetwalker. Her head was tilted
backward; her mouth was gaping open breathing hard a mask of imposed passion. Her body was
covered with a delicate sheer gown, cream in color, trimmed in satin completely see though.
Hiding nothing from my hungry prying eyes. 	She was sitting on a straight-backed chair placed a
few feet from the bed facing me as I sat there watching her. She was sitting with her behind
slid forward resting on the chair. Her legs encased in matching stockings were splayed wide
apart as wide as she could get them bracketing the chair. Her hands were between her legs, one
holding herself open wide to me while the other was a blur of activity pressing down and into
her sex while simultaneously stimulating her clitoris. I was watching very carefully the finger
working her clit was moving back and forth rapidly pressing just behind her bud. Despite being
forced to perform, forced to display herself like this, it was obvious to me that her technique
was genuine. It was clear watching what she was familiar with doing with herself in private. The
effect of  course an act but her actions were giving me a clue as to how I could get to her.

	Her performance had been recorded a few days earlier. It had been a busy week or so. I had been
on her almost continuously. I had used her till my dick hurt and I was having a hard time
getting it up. A consequence I had not foreseen. There was only so much fucking I could do, and
I was nearly fucked out. But that didn't mean that I couldn't find pleasant ways to pass the
time with her while I recuperated. Getting old sucks ass!

	The chair she was sitting on was cracking and creaking in response to her movements. Her thigh
muscles were rippling, tensing and straining with effort. On the tape her groans and pants were
all but drowned out by the snaps of the old wooden chair." You're doing great cunt. If you can
convince me that you are really cumming I won't whip you this time." Between gasps she managed
to thank me for my generosity and kindness. Her head began to roll gently from side to side. Her
hair fell softly about her face. Subtle changes in her body, things she couldn't fake, began to
be noticeable. Poking through her gown her nipples were swollen and hard. A blush was beginning
to spread across her chest between her collarbones. Her whole body was now tensing up, and a
light sheen of perspiration had spread across her skin. Together these signs portrayed an
unmistakable picture or arousal. Arousal is an eternity away from climax. She would certainly
not climax, but just as certainly she could not avoid becoming aroused. A significant
improvement from our first encounter. The flesh on her thighs was shaking slightly, as much as
her stockings would allow.

"That's enough cunt, fake you cum now." Speaking was out of the question, it was only possible
for her to nod her head. She pressed a pair of fingers deep within her and pressed tightly on
her mound with her other hand as if trying to push herself together again. "Uuunnngh, uubb... "
Stopping for her was now the unpleasant chore but she managed to do it and gradually settled
down.

	On the screen I watched myself stand, pass behind her a retrieve the crop from the closet.
"Tell me cunt, how many strokes do you think that I should give you for that performance?"

	I switched off the tape having seen the interesting part. Now that she could fake her pleasure
by her own hands I would expect it from her always, under all circumstances.

	Replacing her on the screen was the local news and the smiling face of dear sweet Mr. Potter
being wheeled out of the hospital. The old bugger had survived and would likely outlive me.
There was a podium prepared and he gave a brief speech. He thanked the hospital staff for
assisting him, his doctor's, and the people of our fair city for their kind cards and letters.
He kept it short and was assisted to his limo by his personal nurse. If Mr. Potter followed form
she would no doubt be the future Mrs. Potter. She was gorgeous in the bimbo sense that Mr.
Potter was fatally attracted to. I suppose Mel Brooks was right. It's good to be the King. The
news anchor came back online with a picture of the missing Mrs. Potter. Now being described as
the fugitive and prime suspect in Mr. Potter's attempted murder case. It was apparent that the
police had had the chance to interview Mr. Potter as he was recovering in hospital. Poor little
Stacey, I mean cunt. Things were not looking good for her. Even if she did escape me, her
marriage would certainly be over. There would be no inheritance to cover her for the rest of her
life. Worse still she would be the one to be arrested, tried and convicted for her role in the
attempted murder of her own Husband. After all who would believe her incredible tale of being
held captive by a madman such as me. All she knew of me was my face, not my name. All she knew
was my name and her dungeon.

	My anonymous tape had had its effect on the case too. The next item of the broadcast catered
around the arraignment of cunts partner in crime for conspiracy to commit murder. The crush of
reporters surrounding him as he was hustled out of the courthouse rivaled that of Ms. Lewinsky.
Her treachery had ruined the relationship with her lover as well. He was the junior partner in
crime after all. To save his own skin I was certain that he would roll over on her, and testify
against her to save his own skin. After all hadn't she run out on him? She had lost everything,
her lover, her husband, her freedom (even if she escaped me) and all that money. The money she
loved more than her husband, probably even more than her lover. Old man potter had even
established a reward of $100000 for her capture. It pleased me to find out he had a vindictive
streak in him. Maybe we were kindred spirits after all. It was tempting even for me but I
decided to keep her a while longer.

	His attorney walking behind him was a strikingly beautiful woman. She seemed quite familiar to
me. Still I could not place her, not until I saw her get into her car with the boyfriend and
begin to drive slowly through the throng of reporters. It was the same woman that I had seen
cunt having lunch with the weekend that the murder attempt had taken place on. So she was an
attorney, representing the sluts boyfriend. What a small small world.

	I still had her plate written down in my notebook. In all the excitement I had not bothered to
run the plate to learn more about her. Now I didn't have to she was an attorney representing one
of the accomplices. A quick trip to the library again was all that I needed to learn some basic
biographical information about her. Her name was Victoria Crane she was 28 years of age. She had
graduated in the top 3% of her class at law school. Brains and beauty I was getting more
interested the more I learned. She had been practicing law for only 2 years but already she had
made a name for herself as an expert in divorce law. It was curious that she was helping the
boyfriend in his criminal matter that didn't make too much sense to me. I had decided to give
her an even closer look. She certainly wasn't hard on the eyes. 

	After leaving the library I decided I still needed some more information. I had cultivated a
friend at the Phone Company. A very special friend who could get me phone records of calls made.
I asked for and got quickly the records for the last six months of calls between Stacey,
Victoria, and Jason (the boyfriend). Computers really are marvelous how they can produce volumes
of information quickly. It was the best $250 I had spent in a while. Predictably there were lots
of calls between Stacey and Victoria, and Stacey and Jason. But the real surprise was the volume
of calls between Jason and Victoria. They nearly equaled the volume of calls between Stacey and
Jason. Curious I wonder what they had to talk about?

	If I were clever enough to begin to have suspicious, I felt it logical that the police might
share my suspicions. A quick trip to my informant in the police department did wonders to calm
my nerves. Under the pretext of inquiring about the reward money. I managed to learn all kinds
of useful information. Harvey was so helpful at times. "Harvey if your interested in finding
Stacey I'd be keeping an eye on the boyfriend, or Stacey's sister. She's bound to try and
contact one of them soon. Don't you think so?" I didn't have to wait long for the answer Harv
was nodding his head before I had even finished the sentence. "I think so to, we just don't have
the manpower to devote to round the clock watching. But it's a great idea I'll give you that.
Mrs. Potter is going to turn up soon. She could be anywhere really. But I'll bet we turn up her
car first." I chuckled and thought to myself. Don't bet on it Harv.

	Driving back to the farm I was mulling things over in my mind. An attorney specializing in
divorce proceedings would not be representing a client charged with attempted murder. Harvey
didn't think much of this though. He seemed to thing that he would get another attorney to
represent him as his case progressed through the courts. Still I wasn't too sure I resolved to
have a closer look at these two. About a half mile from the farm I felt my pager go off. It
couldn't have been work, or Harvey or any one else for that matter. These people would have
called my cell phone. It could mean only one thing. I checked it anyway, my blood ran cold
through my veins as I read the words "SECURITY BREACH" in the display window. "FUCKING BITCH" I
yelled, as I punched the pedal to the firewall. Even at highways speeds I managed to break the
tires loose. You just can't beat a thirty-year old muscle car for torque. It took me about 4
minutes to reach the farm. Four minutes! FOUR FUCKING MINUTES!! An eternity there was no telling
what mischief she could get into in FOUR FUCKING MINUTES. Braking on the gravel driveway was
futile. The car simply was not going to stop in time. I managed to brake the car against the
corner of the house, completely blowing off the right front fender. By the time I reached the
door I had my keys and gun out. Down to the basement I soon discovered that it was genuine and
not a false alarm. The doors through the closet and into the mobile home had been kicked
outward. Not a tremendous accomplishment. The steel door with the combination lock on it that
was another matter. She had removed the hinge pins from the back of the door. The heavy door was
hanging very securely by the hasp and combination lock. I knew she couldn't defeat that. What
really impressed me was her ingenuity in removing her collar. Her iron collar, which lay in the
floor, near the door. I had a quick look around for her here. She was nowhere to be found. The
iron door to her cell was swinging freely open on its hinges. The bolt was up in the locked
position, yet it was swinging open freely. It was "hot" too, the current still flowing through
it. I didn't have time to fuck around now. I had to find her and fast too.  How she got out? I
could get that from her, but only if I could catch her first. 

	Rushing out of the mobile home I grabbed a shoe that I had placed on her yesterday, and ran
back up the stairs.  The first thing to check were the phones. The phone in the kitchen was off
the hook dangling down to the floor. There was no noise on the line. I didn't bother checking
the house. I tore the phone out of the wall without hanging it up. That may have disabled the
remaining phones in the house.

	Taking the shoes with me I ran the 100 yards to the barn as fast as I could.  Probably not as
fast as Donovan Bailey, but damn fast anyway.  I bet I would have tied Carl Lewis.  I certainly
was breathing like I had run that fast anyway.  I slammed my body up against the chain link
fence. The chain link fence of the kennels where I kept my dogs.  The commotion had woken up the
pair and they were snarling and barking excitedly now. I opened the kennel door and got in with
them. They both got a good whiff of her scent from the shoe I brought with me. Before I was
ready for them to be off they were out the door barking up a storm. Before I went after them I
grabbed an extra collar and leash. The way they were acting maybe I could still catch her after
all.  They were big powerful dogs. Mastiffs. Good old Harv. Such a good friend. I must remember
to get him something nice this Christmas. By the time I had exited the barn the dogs were off
across a field going toward a small patch of woods. Jeez they were running fast. I tried to keep
up as best as I could. The muscles in my legs were burning like they were on fire by the time I
reach the woods. The underbrush was thick and grabbed at me as I tried to follow the sounds of
the dogs. About a hundred yards or so into the woods. The dogs were barking and snarling loudly.
I could hear them but I could not see them. My feet splashed noisily into the water of a small
creek that runs through the woods. The far bank was steep I could hear the dogs on the other
side. They were viciously fighting over something.  Barking and biting and snarling loudly. They
were tearing her to pieces. Fucking police dogs. Harv had got me a pair of dogs that were far
too vicious.  He had taken me literally when I said I wanted some serious security dogs. I
slowed my pace crawling up the far bank. There was no hurry now. I could do nothing for her now.
Surely it was too late.  Reaching the crest, I could see at the base of the reverse slope the
dogs still madly ripping and tearing. There was a blanket torn to shreds by the dogs, tiny bits
of material lay scattered about the forest floor. The pair had reduced it to tatters, and were
now fighting over the scraps of the material.  She was no where to be found. No blood, no hair I
could see nothing of her. Crossing the water and ditching the blanket had tricked the dogs. It
was a clever move I had underestimated her cunning. She was gone now. Despite all my effort and
precautions she had escaped me. Fuck!!

	Frustration welled up within me. "Fuck!!!" I yelling as loud as I could. I pointed my gun into
the woods and fired and fired aimlessly wildly till I had emptied my gun into  the darkening
woods that had helped her evade me and the dogs. Then I heard her, she screamed at the report of
the gun. I heard her scrambling again now through the woods. I had her I went after the sound.
"Stop running cunt. You can't get away." Actually she had an excellent chance of getting away.
She was well motivated to escape me, she was running back to her freedom. The closer she got to
it, the closer she was to getting back to her life. Or so she thought. I stopped out of breath
unable to continue the chase. I waved my impotent empty gun around the woods as though I could
use it to influence her. I struggled to catch my breath. "If you don't stop running RIGHT NOW I
will go RIGHT NOW and blow your sisters FUCKING HEAD OFF!!" She was near I could tell. She
cleverly did not answer the threat. I pressed into the woods still further. Twenty yards on, in
a clearing I saw her sitting there on a fallen log. She was completely naked. I rushed to her
gun leveled at her. Fatigue or the threat toward her sister, something had made her stop.  Ten
yards away from her she swung her arm up from behind her clutching a large kitchen knife. She
pointed it toward me to ward me away, just like a magic wand. Which it clearly was not. I cycled
the slide on my gun, and menaced her with it. She was hysterical, furious, terrified for her
life. "I'm not gong back! I'm not. I won't do that anymore. I can't!!... I can't..... I won't." 
She was convincing herself, steeling herself in her decision more than she was convincing me. 
"You most certainly are coming back with me. You've caused a lot of damage. I intend to make you
pay for it with your hide." Five yards from her I threw the collar and leash at her. They landed
connected at her feet. "Go on put it on and we'll go back."

	She turned the knife on herself jabbing it up against her throat. "No I told you I won't be
going back." She was quite fanatically determined. I holstered the gun beneath my jacket.
Leaning up against a tree I played my trump card. "Go ahead and do it cunt. If you do I'll have
your sister in there by tomorrow. And I'll pickup with her right where we left off." Slowly, so
very slowly her arm retreated from her throat till at last the knife lay at her feet. "In the
kitchen, I called 911." I looked into her eyes as coldly as I could. "What number did you dial
to get an outside line cunt?" She groped for an answer her mouth moving wordlessly. Finally she
guessed. "A nine. I dialed a nine!" I considered it a moment. "Most people have a nine. But I
have 92. Now hurry up and get your collar on." She did it. She reached down drew it to her and
fastened it around her slim throat. Her own hands were once again imprisoning her. She looked up
at me. I drew my gun and pointed it back at her. "Pickup the knife and hand it to me." She
picked it up and walked to me offering it handle first. I smiled at her and took it from her.
"Thank you cunt" The expected reply came without surprise. "Your welcome darling."

	"Now hand me your leash and we'll start back." She did this too. I yanked it hard, and dragged
her down to her knees. Her mouth opened in shock. Quickly I jammed the muzzle of the gun past
her lips deep into her mouth choking her with it. I had her complete attention. "Many say that
men like guns because they are extensions of their penises." She was listening intently to every
word. "I think so too. Suck it now." She blinked her eyes closed unable to watch what I was
making her do. She began to slide her lips back and forth along the gun. I could see that she
was using her tongue on the gun's underside just like she knew I liked. I thumbed the hammer
back ready to fire into her head. She screamed around the barrel. "You are a good cocksucker. I
don't think I can hold back any longer." I shoved the gun further in her mouth and fired. The
hammer came down with a satisfying click sound. She screamed what was to her her last scream and
fell back in to the soft underbrush of the woods. I let go of the leash and let her fall. The
gun was long since empty. Poor thing, I had forgotten that she did not know that. She had had a
knife on me. The realization that I had brought her in using an empty gun hit her hard. She
cried. She cried like I had ever heard her cry before. I collected up her leash and dragged her
back to her own little hell. Along the way we met up with the dogs. They were justly proud of
themselves for destroying a blanket. I was just happy they had no torn her to pieces.  The dogs
were incredibly big and scary animals, and their presence impressed her greatly.

	We all marched down to her hell again. I directed her to remove the collar and replace it with
the iron one again. She was sitting on the bed emotionless defeated, looking at the floor. I
placed the door back into its hinges, and replaced the pins. I would later weld bolts onto
longer hinge pins. She would never get through that door the same way again. I dragged her to
her feet by her chain. I began beating her. Punching her in her stomach, slapping her hard. I
punched and slapped her freely till my arm hurt. Till her arms no longer tried to protect her
body from the blows. With some of my fury vented, for the moment, I dropped her down on her
knees. She took the beating stoically. "How did you do it cunt?  How did you get out?" She
failed to answer quickly enough. I kneeled beside her, pointing in the direction of the iron
cell door. "Its still hot how did you get through it?" She finally offered an answer. "The power
flickered then failed. I knew from the way it had gone off you weren't coming to fuck me
darling.  When the power failed the bolt dropped. I pushed it open.  I know I was wrong darling,
I won't do it again. I promise."  She finished her confession and began to kiss along my chest
with her battered and bruised lips. "Now tell me about the collar how did you get that off?" She
kept kissing me softly tentatively. Her mouth formed the words. "The night before when I put it
on, I didn't press the lock together.  I just held it around myself." She kept up the kissing
desperate to keep me calm. I surveyed her, her feet were bleeding. Overall she was covered with
many scratched from the brush. She stank of sweat and fear, dirt was covering her. Small twigs
had been tangled in her once perfect hair. She was not fit to receive my cock. I told her so.
"Please give me fifteen minutes darling. I'll make myself pretty for you."

	I stood and walked over to the dogs. They had curled up in the corner to rest. They had had a
big night. It wasn't every night you get to chase down a runaway blanket. I placed leashes on
the dogs. "I don't think you need to clean yourself up. Allow me to introduce my dogs to you.
They are Mastiff's. Very strong and very big dogs as you can tell." I pointed to the one on my
right. "This ones name is Richard. The other one over here on my left his name is Jason. I don't
think they will care what you look like or smell like cunt." I paused watching her shake,
clearly petrified again. "I think you should thank them personally for finding you, after all
anything could have happened to you lost in the woods like that."  I walked them over to her as
I spoke. She recoiled as far away as she could soon she was backed up into the bed and could go
no farther. I walked directly up to her, positioning a dog on surrounding her with a dog on
either side of her. "Go ahead cunt thank them for helping you find you way back home." She was
holding her face in her hands retreating into herself, blotting out the horrible reality of what
I would make her do.  Infuriated at her reaction, I slapped her hands away from her face.
Manhandling her chin to get her back here and now again. "I really don't care how you get them
off. After all it's not my dick this time. You can blow them or let them fuck you in the cunt up
even up you ass. Hell I don't care give them hand jobs bitch. You just have to get them off in
the next 5 minutes that's all."

She actually looked relieved when I mentioned hand jobs. I sat back with my stopwatch to enjoy
the show. She reached for Richard first, how touching such loyalty she showed to his memory. 
Soon Richard had an erection filling her hand that was bigger than mine.  She was working
quickly now, building up the excitement in the dog. I got her attention and tapped my watch. She
got the message. Five minutes would not be long enough. She would have to do them both at the
same time. One in each hand. She did well both Richard and Jason were excited beyond
containment. They were now humping against her with great vigor. It was fascinating I had never
bred dogs, or any animal for that matter. Their physiology was different than my own. Soon they
both came all over her hands, some splattering on her leg and some reaching the floor. She had
made the five-minute deadline. I applauded her efforts loudly "Bravo cunt, I knew you were a hot
little bitch." She was ignoring me, cleverly she was rubbing their cum into their fur, and
rubbing her legs against their bodies. She had also ground the cum into the floor. She was right
to be afraid of their cum. I always made her eat my cum, and she just knew I'd make her eat
theirs. She was clever to dispose of it that way. I decided to ignore it.

"Go clean yourself up cunt. Page 46 for makeup, 88 for wardrobe." She knew I had seen her
dispose of their cum, and was grateful to me that I had let it slide this time. "How much time
do I have darling?" I thought of the car, and the shambles that she had made of the house. I
held up my index finger. "An hour."

She moved to get started. I took the dogs back to their kennel and fed them. I looked at the
Mustang started it up and limped it into the newly finished garage, I had had build on top of
her Mercedes tomb.

	By the time I had returned to her I found her dressed as I had specified sitting on the bed
playing with herself. Of course I would never know for sure just how long she had been sitting
there with her hands in her crotch waiting for me to come in and rape her but I figured that it
must have been about 15 minutes. The flush on her face matched the lingerie I had compelled her
to don for me this time. It was pink with lace trimming. I had chosen for her a merrywidow to
wear. It had satin trim and was laced onto her body tightly to remind her of her confinement. As
if she needed any reminding. Her legs were covered in matching pink stockings. They too were
lacey, and had a floral motif that ran the entire length of her long shapely legs. Her legs were
pressing down into the bedding, causing her heels to dig into the folds of the covers. Her hair
was gathered up, collected by a pink scrunchie at the back of her head. She noticed me enter,
but per her instructions, she gave no hint that she realized that I had entered. This gave the
impression that she was totally absorbed in satisfying herself. She was propped up against the
headboard. I sat and watched her play with herself. Her chest was rising and falling with her
breath. A light sheen of perspiration graced her face. She was radiant. I lay down between her
splayed legs, my head was propped up on my hands. She was moaning between her breaths. I ran my
hands up and down her legs. I did not allow my touch to reach her flesh. I would stop just as I
reached the stocking tops. I ran my hand back and forth along her leg just barely touching. If I
could barely tell that I was touching her, then I knew that I had just the right touch. I teased
her like this for several minutes, till I grew bored and added my other hand to her other leg.
My first hand I now let wander above her stocking to the soft flesh of her thigh. Each pass
across her legs I would allow my hands a great range. Soon my hand was playing ever so gently
across her pussy. My hand had joined hers, masturbating her. She had moved her other hand up to
her breasts and was actively groping herself. She was open and wet with a combination of baby
oil and he own lubrication. I knew she was open wide I was looking straight up into her. I moved
my hand ever closer to her. I inserted two fingers into her. I sent them deep into her while she
was manipulating herself. She pressed her legs into the mattress shifting herself up into a more
upright sitting position. I pressed my fingers deeper still chasing her as she sat upright. All
the while she was rubbing her hand against he clitoris and her outer lips. "I want to see your
tits, pull them out, and pinch your nipples till they are hard for me." These were the first
words I had spoken to her. Yet here she was tarted up and behaving like a slut before me.
Performing like the dream whore that I was turning her in to. She did just what I had directed
she scooped her breasts out of their cups and began to pinch and squeeze her nipple until they
were pointy and swollen. I kept my fingers with her. I didn't move them. I just kept them deep
within her. By this time in her act she was grinding her hips back and forth simulating the
movement that she would do if she had a dick in her. Or rather if she had my dick in her, for no
other man would ever have her except me. Her acting abilities were really convincing. She had
learned over the weeks that I had kept her. If I were an observer of her act I would have
believed that she was an active participant, and that she was completely aroused, which of
course she was. It is just that she would never achieve an orgasm. Though it looked as though
she was on the verse of a shattering climax. "That's enough cunt, go ahead and fake your cum
now." She did just that, her hand pressed my fingers even deeper into herself. Her legs began to
close around me, her back arched tilting her head back. A deep moan of satisfaction escaped past
her lips. Most impressive, and what I was interesting is feeling was her muscles in her cunt.
They had slammed down on my fingers and were gently grasping and releasing them ever few
seconds. She did this with her muscles about a dozen times.  As soon as it was over she looked
at me and smiled, seeking my approval. I withdrew my fingers from her, and held them to her lips
for her to clean off. She swooped down on my fingers like a hungry eagle on its prey. I did not
feel any teeth at all scraping across my fingers. She was being very careful. There was just the
slightest hint of disgust spreading across her face but it past quickly. If I hadn't been
watching her as closely as I had I would not have noticed. And I was certain that no one else
would have noticed it either. I lay down beside her on my stomach. "My back is stiff, I would
like a massage." She was eager to help. This was the first time that she had performed that I
had not used the crop on her after the act. She knew that she had graduated, that she had faked
it properly this time. She had pleased her owner. "Thank you darling." I could feel her leg
brush past me as she straddled my body. She placed he hands on me and began to gently rub my
back. She pressed her hands into my shoulders and began to squeeze and rub her thumbs into me
harder. I could feel her nails scrap against my skin. It was delicious, goose bumps were raising
up on my skin. "It was wrong of you to try and get away cunt." She stopped her rubbing only for
an instant. "I'm sorry darling I'll never try that again. I promise." She was waiting for a sign
from me trying to gauge the level of my anger. I was showing no anger, I remained still, and I
was enjoying her touch so much as well as her fear and confusion. "I deserve to be punished."
"You're right you do but not right now. I am enjoying your touch too much to interrupt you just
now." She was relieved and continued rubbing and stroking my back. She had shifted her body down
and was now rubbing my lower back and ass. "Normally of course you do not get to decide your
punishment. But I would like to hear what you think your punishment should be?" I could hear her
choking on the words as they passed her lips. "I think I should be whipped darling." I thought
for a moment. "You destroyed my property, you tried to escape. I wrecked my car catching you.
And you think that that deserves a mere whipping?" She was still rubbing my back but by now had
moved her body down close to mine and was dragging her still pointy nipples across my back. She
was trying to arouse me to change the subject away from her punishment. I realized that she
preferred being raped by me. The sex meant nothing to her now. Of course by now I had an
erection but I wasn't going to let her get off that easily. "Maybe you could make me... me ."
She was searching her mind for a possible torture that she could stomach and I would be
satisfied with. She was kissing my back all over in between her words. She had by this time
worked her way down to the middle of my back. I interrupted her suggestions. "I will punish you,
but later." I felt her relax at my merciful words. "You're getting close to my ass cunt. While
you are down there you can rim me." She froze at the words. But I could also feel her moving
toward her goal. She knew by now that she would do it. That she would do anything that I told
her do to. I would make her do these things. She used her hands to move the cheeks of my ass
apart. She began to kiss he way toward her goal. "Remember I like it when you use your tongue."
She grunted her response. I couldn't tell but I knew it was an indication that she would do it.
Sure enough I felt her tongue passing over the skin on my cheeks. She licked through the fur
searching for my puckered asshole. I felt her prying my cheeks apart further. Then I felt as her
tongue began to pass over the hole. She was hesitating, scared. "Go ahead cunt stick your tongue
up my ass." I could sense her revulsion, and disgust. Nevertheless she steeled herself to her
task. I felt her tongue begin to penetrate my ass. She had it stuck out of he face, long and
pointy. I decided to help her out a bit. I pressed myself back into her face. It opened me up a
little and forced more of her tongue into my ass. I could feel my dick growing as I though of
this pampered little bitch slurping up my ass. I had her literally kissing my ass now. I reach
back to her head and forced her into my ass further. I chuckled thinking that certainly I was
the only person that she had ever done this with. Old man Potter could never get his wife to do
this for him. By now she was doing a good job on my ass. Her pointy tongue was swirling around
back and forth in my ass. Her inexperience showed, she was trying the moves she had learned on
my cock with my ass. It was working, I was bigger than ever and grinding myself into the sheets
like a horny dog humping a leg. I pinched my ass on her tongue trapping her writhing me. She
tried to continue her in and out movements, but she couldn't. I was holding her mouth pressed
hard against my asshole. She panicked and began to bleat into me. Her natural reaction to my
restricted sphincter was to try and pull away. I used all my strength to keep her pressed
against me. She kept pulling back away from me. I loved her frustration. All good thing must
come to an end, so I slowly relaxed my ass. Eventually she pulled herself free and sat back on
her heels shaken by the experience. I rolled over on my back, and moved up till I had my head
resting upon the headboard. My cock was pointing straight up like a flagpole. She sat there
disgusted, holding he hands over her mouth. She was subtlety trying to rub the taste from her
mouth. I noticed this and she stopped. "Climb aboard and fuck yourself." She moved toward me.
She looked lovely in her frills. Her curves were exaggerated by the merrywidow. Soon she was
straddling my dick. I watched as she sank herself down on me. The feeling was exquisite. I lay
back and let Mrs. Potter do all the work. She was raping herself on me, and pretending to love
it. As soon as she had sunk down to the root of me. She began to raise and lower herself on me.
I watched as I slid in and out of her for a

few minutes. I placed my hands on her wide hips and encouraged her to pick up the pace. She got
the message, Soon her tits were flying all over the place as she bounced up and down on me. She
had her eyes closed unable to view the scene before her. I began to wonder where she was when I
was raping her. Where she let herself travel to in her mind to keep her from going mad. The
though of her thinking of fucking someone else pissed me off. Particularly, when she could be
thinking of her lover. I began to turn my anger into action. Bucking my hips up into her as she
came crashing down on the return stroke. Her hips flared out as they were, provided the perfect
handles to grab her by. I slammed into her hard causing her to loose her balance. She fell
forward into me. Her hands found themselves pressed into my chest steadying her from falling
into me. Her breasts were brought close enough if I lifted my head. I took one into my mouth,
slurping it up as if it were a liquid. I sucked it in as deep as I could trying to stuff the
entire tit into my mouth. I wanted to be smothered in her. I wanted to get myself so deep into
her. So deep that she would never be able to separate us again. So that there would always be a
piece of me inside her. As I drove myself into her I could se that she still had her eyes closed
to me. Her lips hung slack and pouting, she was panting in needed air. Some of her hair had
fallen out of the scrunchie and was hanging down the sides of her face. She was fucking me on
automatic. I slapped her face, and our eyes locked on each other. I had her attention now. I had
taken her from her detached safe place back here with me in her dungeon. "Keep fucking me cunt."
I relaxed again and lay back. I stopped what little movement I had been doing again making her
do all the work again. I was determined to enjoy a nice long fuck with her. But as nearly always
the case, her beauty and the rush of power overwhelmed me. Power I had over her. Power that
could make this woman my toy. I pulled her down close to me. Our sweat soaked bodies pressing
into each other. Her garment scratched me as we ground against each other. I hunched up into her
one last time lifting her up of the bed slightly. She timed her fake climax expertly, clamping
her pussy down on my dick. Milking me for all I was worth. She lay limply on top of me panting
and still milking me with her cunt. I held her close to my body like that for several minutes
running my hands up and down her satin encased back. I could feel her heart beating in her chest
as she lay against me.	I picked up her head staring at her face. She presented me with a smile
trying to please me. I was very pleased. I pulled her head to my lips and began to kiss her
deeply	allowing my tongue freedom to explore her mouth. She smelled great, an aroma of her cheap
perfume, sweat and sex. Dropping my head back I let her continue to kiss me. I was still in her
enjoying her warmth and moisture. "Kiss your way down my body and suck me off." She kept kissing
me, but began to move her way down toward my chest. I did not intend to use her mouth with a
ring gag this time. It was good with the gag, but with out it would be better. I did not fear
her biting me. I had a new scheme to keep her in line, and shared it with her. "If you try to
bite my cock off it won't do you any good. It won't kill me, I won't kill you either. I'll keep
you alive. I always have another couple of cocks around here for you to service." It was a not
so oblique reference to the dogs that I had named after her former suitors, Richard and Jason. I
was sure that was enough to ensure her obedience. She had moved down to my crotch and was
kissing and licking at my pubic hair. "I could always get your sister to join you here, she's a
lot younger that you, so I could keep her a long long time." She pressed her lips around the
head of my cock and began to press downward. Her lips were pressed tightly together for the
moment. She allowed the head of my cock to pry her lips apart and enter her mouth. "I hear your
sister likes dogs too!" She had now let the first half of me into her mouth. Her hair had come
undone and I could not see the disgust on her face. I wanted to she the effort etched on her
face. Reaching down I moved her hair up out of the way. Her eyes were clamped shut as always
when I made her blow me. There were some tears as well but not nearly the volume of the first
time I had used her mouth. She was getting used to this too. Soon she would be sucking me off
with all the enthusiasm and skill of a porn queen. I used her bundled hair as a handle to guide
her movements to make them just how I wanted them for the first few minutes. Until she got the
hang of it, and matched the rhythm that I wanted her to. My whole dick was jammed down her
throat now, I could feel it bending around her throat as she swallowed it down. I did not allow
her to use her hands to touch my cock when she sucked me, that was the first lesson I had taught
her. But I did allow her to use her hands to cradle my nuts in her hands to keep them from
bouncing around too much. When she was down on me completely I held her there, thrusting upwards
into her with a few short quick jabs into her hot compliant mouth. She had no option but to
swallow as quickly as she could, or she would gag on my cum. Of course she would have lapped it
up like nectar for fear of angering me, but this way she had no choice. As she lay beside me
nursing on my softening penis the realization that I had her completely under my power hit me.
Not once during the blowjob had she even come close to injuring me. She could have done it this
time to lull me into a vulnerable mind set before she struck. That was always a possibility, but
I felt it more likely that the threat of involving her sister in her torture was enough to keep
her in line. She would have to be able to kill me cleanly before she would try anything. If I
could keep her free from temptation then I could keep her hear forever. Or until she became a
bore to me.  I pushed her off me stood and handed her her collar. She took it from me and
fastened it around her neck. I grabbed the chain and gave it a quick yank, her head snapped
back. I was testing that it was on her securely. A ritual that I now would introduce just to
make sure she was not trying anything funny. She thought the session was over and began to walk
back to the makeup room to reverse the preparation ritual. "I haven't given you permission to
leave yet cunt."  She stopped in her tracks, turning around to face me. Fear had spread through
her face, she had angered me, if only slightly. Now she would pay yet again.

	I gestured for her to follow me and walked to the night table. I held up the handcuffs for her
to put on herself. She folded her arms behind her back. I could hear the ratcheting action as
she fastened them to her wrists behind her back. I surveyed my property. Her chest was thrust
out proudly by having her arms trapped behind her. Looking straight into her eyes I licked my
fingertips and began to twist her nipples between my fingers. At first she tried not to react to
the pain. So I have to always win right? It didn't take much additional pressure to have her
thinking right again. Her face twisted with the pain. "I'm sorry darling..I ..I thought you were
done with me." I gave her nips a final twist. "I'm not done with till I tell you. Got it cunt." 
She nodded, then remembered that I expected a verbal response. "Yes darling." I lay down on my
back in the middle of the bed. She looked at me expecting the worst. "I'm going to take a little
nap now. Your going to keep my dick in you mouth till I wake up." She moved and sat down on the
edge of the bed, preparing herself. "Most men get several erections though out the night. I
expect that I will too. You're a lucky girl aren't you cunt?" "Yes darling I'm a lucky girl."
"You are indeed you get to suck my dick all night long. Get started." She moved quickly, her
mouth easily popped my soft cock into her mouth. She began tonguing it lightly. "If during my
sleep you feel me get hard, get me off and swallow all my cum. Understand cunt." She merely
nodded her head this time, too fearful of breaking  contact with me. I lay back expecting to
enjoy the most rest full night of sleep in years.

	My night was filled with erotic dreams that were surreal in nature. I was back in high school
meeting my first serious girlfriend again. I was standing at my locker in the hallway, and I
could see her approaching me out of the corner of my eye. She walked right up to me and we
kissed. The kiss melted away just as it began and I found myself diving off the high board into
a pool of shaving cream. There were snakes falling from unseen blackness to join me in bed, and
screams of women accompanying orgies of ass fucking starring yours truly. Too weird.

	I woke to find her just where I had left her she was only half-awake now. But she had done it
she had maintained contact with me while I slept. I had only had a nap of slightly longer than 4
hours. But it felt that I had slept for days. I don't think that cunt had such a good night. I
pushed her of and sat up in bed, time for breakfast. At least for me. I knew she had a full
tummy and probably wasn't all that hungry. I freed her arms and she thanked me for dong so. "How
many times cunt." She looked back at me "Twice darling." She could be right, my dick felt like
it had been put through the mill alright. Now I'm through with you." She rose to go clean
herself up and go back to her cell. "That is unless you'd like to play with Richard and Jason."
She paused terrified at their names. "Would you like that cunt? Would you like to get fucked by
my doggies?" She turned to face me, her eyes I could tell were searching pleading with me for
the answer she thought that I wanted. "I...I 'd like whatever you would like me to like
darling." I nodded, she had had the courage to get the answer right. "Maybe some other time." I
knew she'd be good for a long time now. She left the room relieved to have escaped me at least
for the time being.

	I had some skullduggery to attend to in town. I puttered around the house most of the day. I
decided to check on the status of my business. I need not have worried all was well. I checked
on cunt throughout the day. She was laying in her cell of course, sleeping soundly every time I
checked on her. Being a sex slave must be tiring. I waited till it was late at night. I packed
up some supplies and set off in my Bronco. I made a beeline right to Vicki's house. It was set
on a cul-de-sac, in one of the toneier parts of town. I parked about a mile away on the street
near a restaurant. I made my way through the neighborhood, down the alleyways to her house. The
streets were deserted, not even a barking dog. Soon I was in the lane behind her house. My trip
was one of gathering intelligence. I found her trashcans, Its amazing what you can learn

by going through someone's trash. Not this time though, they were empty. I wanted to plant a bug
in her house, and on her phone. The phone I could do from the outside. I checked my flashlight,
it was working. I had climbed up the telephone pole about 10 feet when her garage door opened. I
certainly couldn't go down. Up wasn't much of an option either. I froze, movement draws
attention. She drove past me, without even seeing me. She drove away, her garage door was just
starting to slide closed. Ten feet is a big jump, I found out that the ground is quite hard when
you jump from that high. I sprinted to the closing door but I was not going to make it. I tossed
by bag of tools at the door. It slid under the door, it tripped the electric eye reversing the
doors movement. Next stop the NBA.

I hadn't counted on such an easy entry. There was no telling how much time I had, I decided to
work quickly. There were a few phones scattered about her house. I decided upon the one in her
home office. Near her computer. Hmmm. I powered it on. Enter password, stupid bitch. Restart
press f8. Number 5 command

prompt only. Soon I was at a dos prompt. Good old dos. dir *.pwl /s One file found, vicky.pwl.
Renamed to vicky.old - reboot. Bye bye pathetic windows password. Lets see ....start - find -
files or folders. Containing text - - murder. No files found. Containing text - - kill. No files
found. Containing text - - potter. One file found. I opened it up. It was a planning document,
on possible defense strategy for the two lovers. The file predated the attempt on Potters life.
My little conspiracy had just widened to include the rising

legal star Victoria. I was so involved in my discovery that the feel of the gun on my neck was
quite a surprise. "Who are you." I recognized the voice it was Stacey's lover. Correction
Stacey's former lover. I am Stacey's lover now. He pressed the gun harder into me, repeating the
question. It was more imaginative than "freeze motherfucker." I really didn't think he had it in
him. "I am an

investigator. Actually I'm working for an acquaintance of yours. Stacy Potter." I could sense
his confusion, and took advantage of his bewilderment. I snapped at his gun hand, both my hands
were on the gun trying to wrestle it from his hand. I was making progress. I had the gun
twisting backward. We had fallen to the floor and were thrashing about wildly. He was a bit more
of a handful that Stacy. I put more pressure on the gun trying to wrestle it from his grasp. I
finally put my body into it. His trigger finger, trapped in the trigger guard

snapped as I pushed it back too far. The gun also fired. I felt no pain, but I did feel a rush
of air being forced from him as the bullet entered him. There was no scream from him, he was
still fighting though. I tore the gun from his broken hand. By now I had rolled on top of him.
Thankfully I had won. I shoved the gun into his face and fired, three, four shots. Maybe even
five who knew. There was nothing left of his face by the time I was done. I collapsed back
against a cabinet. The guilty had been punished in this case. Certainly more than the courts
ever would have. My hands were covered in blood and tissue from his head. I removed the gloves I
was wearing turned them inside out and replaced them with another pair from my bag. Be prepared!
I could hear the garage door mechanism operating. She had been gone little more than half an
hour. Moving to the door leading to the garage I lay in wait for her behind it. She never saw me
never knew who jabbed the taser into her at contact range. She went down like a

sack of potatoes. The groceries she carried with her scattered on the floor. She fell her skirt
riding up halfway up her thigh. I knew what I had to do. I my new found role as avenger, I had
to punish the guilty. Stacy was guilty, and I was punishing her. Her lover was guilty and I
certainly punished him. And now Victoria was guilty as well. I had to punish her as well. First
things first. Back into the garage I search for something suitable to tie her up with. I only
had a few minutes at best. I found a roll of NOMOX electrical cable. I tied her hands behind her
back, and wound it around and around her wrists. I needed wire cutters to trim off the excess.
She was coming around already. Her ankles were next. I had them bound just as she was coming
around. I quickly finished with her knees and elbows, which I pulled behind her tightly. I
placed the canvas, environmentally friendly grocery bag on her head and fastened that around her
neck with some more wire. She hadn't seen me yet I didn't want her to either. Not just yet. I
surveyed my handy work she was not going anywhere soon. Quickly I found her bedroom.

Her luggage was Gucci, I filled if with her clothes, and frillies. This was all so sudden I had
not planned this at all, It was madness. Her toiletries and jewels were hastily packed as well.
It must have taken me only ten minutes. Rushing down the stairs back to the hallway where I had
left her, I found her gone. The carpet however gave her away. She had wriggled like a worm down
the length off the hall toward the foyer and the front door. I ignored her there. Instead I
placed the suitcases in her cars trunk. By the time I returned to her she had reached the front
door. What good that did her was a mystery to me she certainly could never open the door bound
as she was. I dragged her screaming back to the door leading into the garage. She wouldn't stop
screaming. So I kicked her till she stopped. In between kicks, I yelled for her to shut up. I
picked up the groceries and placed them in a plastic bag in the car. By the time I returned to
her this time she had not moved an inch. She must have been exhausted. Being tiedup and
struggling is very tiring, not to mention being kicked into submission.

	It took only a few minutes to bundle her into her car, an STS Cadillac. Her taste for cars was
clearly in her ass. At least it was domestic. Putting her in the trunk was a bad idea. She could
always rip out the tails light, or signal in some other manner. Her car was just big enough that
I could lay her down on the floor of the backseat. When I pushed the drivers seat as far back as
it went it effectively trapped her there. I opened her garage door and drove off with her. I had
left Jason dead to be found, the file still displayed on her computer screen. Someone would find
the scene, I wondered what they would make of it. As I drove back to the farm she was quiet, not
uttering a sound. Not till I stopped at a light. A car pulled up beside us, a taxi. She began to
scream for help, that someone should call the police. I jabbed the taser into her again and
fired. Soon all was quiet again. Smiling at the cabbie I reached down and turned the stereo on.
I found a station that suited my tastes. Nothing like the real oldies. Cole Porter: You do
something to me. A true classic. Tomorrow I would have to get my auto club to tow my Bronco back
to the farm. It would be expensive, but obtaining something of quality was always worth it.


If you have content idea for poor Stacey's and now Victoria's future appearances please send
them along to:
special_kwa@hotmail.com

I told you I was partial to blondes!

Special thanks to all who have submitted content ideas. (You know who you are, by the events you
have seen). 

Here's wishing you all have a healthy fantasy life.




The Trophy Wife
Part 4

       She was conscious, though she remained quiet as I drove her back toward the farm, and her
new life. "You do something to me" had long since ended on the radio. Apparently it was some
sort of Cole Porter marathon. The DJ had moved on to "So in Love" also a Cole Porter classic.
The word of the song, heavily laden with irony passed to her, bound as she was in the back
seat..'taunt me and hurt me, deceive me desert me, I'm yours till I die, so in love with you am
I.' Good 'ol Cole, being an African-American homosexual in the thirties, he sure knew a thing or
two about suffering. As his beautiful words assaulted her, so to was I. though not much yet, I
was merely exploring what soon would be all mine. Her body though certainly blessed with curves
was not as lush as Stacey's. Vicky was just as tall, she was shaped more like a runway model,
than the exaggerated pinup that Stacey had gone to so much work, and surgery that Mr. Potter had
no doubt paid for, to provide her former husband. I must remember to thank him one day. Vicky
would never have made it as a runway model, I mean even if I had not taken her. Her hips were
far too wide. As my hands learned all of this about her, she was recoiling from my touch. She
had nowhere to go of course, it was pure reflex. She barely had an inch to move from my
exploring hand. The business suit she was wearing, the one she had been wearing all day in
court. Divorce court, where she had been contributing to the ruination of marriages and lives
did much to impede my explorations. The thick wire she was bound with was also hampered my hand.
I could not do much to her here, not and maintain my driving. I had to drive properly. Not the
speed limit, just slightly above it. No one drives the speed limit. That would be too
suspicious. It would not do to get pulled over now, not with a woman I did not know trussed up
in the backseat of her car. I don't think that even Johnny Cochran could convince a jury that I
found her on the side of the street like this.

        Besides I was dressed like a thief. The footwear would be enough to get me hauled into
the precinct. I was wearing shoes that were 2 sizes too small and had plain soles applied to
them. Footprints are often very damning evidence, and I was determined that I would leave as
little evidence as possible at Victoria's house. Grabbing her was stupid, it was impulsive, and
it could jeopardise all that I had achieved thus far. It was one more thing as well, it was
great! I had never killed before, that I realised of course. I suppose that I killed while I
served in the Gulf. But killing Jason tonight had been a whole new ballgame. It had also made me
incredibly horny. A strange reaction, but an understandable one. Killing is in part about
removing inhibitions and taboos, and about power. And power for me had become the ultimate
aphrodisiac. I was almost home with my newest prize. I had to turn round a bend in the highway,
then past a few more exist and off ramps and we would be there. Then off in the distance I saw
them. The flashing light of a cop car off to the side of the road. I slowed to the speed limit.
As I got closer the lights of the car revealed themselves to be two cop cars. They had blocked
the right lane and were apparently conducting some sort of road check. My heart raced, I reached
for the taser and jabbed her with it. I fired and nothing happened. I was lucky to have gotten 2
uses out of it. "Not a sound bitch, or I'll finish you now." She shook and began to cry softly.
The cops had pulled over two cars already and had a third car stopped just before me. The
trooper on the highway was interviewing the driver right before me through the open driver's
window. The Cadillac I was driving was so nutless, there was no way I could make a run for it.
The trooper motioned for the driver of the car before us to pull over to the shoulder, and they
dutifully did. The way clear I had a decision to make. Soon however the decision was made for
me. The Trooper motioned for me to move forward. His partner however, motioned for me to drive
through. I waved at this officer and drove on past the checkpoint. Apparently they had made
their quota for the night. It was nothing more than a DUI roadside check. Got to keep the
streets safe for us law-abiding folk you know. Good work boys!

        No one had probably even found poor Jason's body yet. Fortunately Vicki's property was
large enough to contain the sounds of gunfire. It was smooth sailing the rest of the way to my
farmhouse. I stopped her car outside the barn. Got out, stretched, relaxed and breathed in the
sweet smell of the country air. All was quiet except for the crickets. It was very placid,
without a hint of the dungeon and atrocities that had been perpetrated here.

        I was only a matter of minutes till I had her car in the barn. I picked her up by the
wires and hauled her out of the car. I lay her down on the ground near the kennel. The two dogs
were roused by our arrival and sniffed at her through the chainlink fencing that I kept them
behind. Removing her suitcase, purse and shopping took another few minutes. I tossed a few tarps
over her car. I would have to dispose of it soon. Perhaps it was time I built a guesthouse on
the farm. I used wire cutters to free her. I left her hands bound behind her and the grocery bag
on her head. I hauled her to her feet, she was very light and I had no trouble throwing her
around. She stood there trembling before me. I could imaging her naked. "Right now I'm
undressing you with my eyes. Soon I'll be doing it for real." She screamed loudly and began to
run blindly away from the sound of my voice. She made it a whole 6 feet or so before she fell in
a large pile of hay.

        I walked up to her helpless form. She could hear me coming and began to kick wildly at
my approach all the while screaming as loud as she could. Soon she would be too hoarse to do
much but whisper. I caught her ankle and drew her leg high up into the air. She was now almost
standing on her head. Her one free limb kicked at me ineffectively. "You kick me you get the
same back." I found her stomach and laid my boot into her. Her screams stopped instantly
replaced with retching sounds as she filled the canvas shopping bag with the contents of her
stomach. A single kick was all it took, the fight was beaten out of her, for the time being.
During the lull I placed a collar and leash on her and began to lead her to the farmhouse. She
breathed the last outside air she would likely ever breathe as I led her across the gravel
driveway toward the backdoor. I lead her into the house and into the study.

        I put her in a wingback leather chair. I could see her vomit dribbling down to her
collar, running out from beneath the bag. I would have to clean her up before the big reunion. I
wanted to keep the reunion a surprise. Headphones were the answer. I played some soothing music
to her through some headphones I placed over her ears. Nothing like AM pap to calm you down. I
turned on the monitor to check on cunt. She was asleep in her cage. I woke her with a light jolt
to her collar. "Morning cunt, feel like having some fun?" She twisted her face into a smile.
"I..I feel like whatever you like Darling." "Good answer cunt. Now then wardrobe...box FM, usual
hair and makeup....How long do you think you'll need?" She thought for a moment. "About a hour
an hour Darling?" I gave her a blast of juice though her collar. I glanced over at Vickie. she
was sitting there listening to the radio play through her headphones oblivious to the fate that
she would soon be sharing. "An hours a long time. Don't you want to see me today?" "Oh yes
Darling I want you to use me, Please tell me how much longer I have to wait before I can see
you." I looked over at Vickie again, I figured I could get her cleaned up in 20 minutes. "You
have a half hour cunt. Get started." With that I switched on the lights in her dungeon, and she
heard the bolt drop freeing her from the wall cage. She scampered out as quickly as her stiff
limbs would carry her, and hopped into the shower. A nice hot shower would get her arms and legs
going again. I watched her on the monitors as she used the penis shaped soap on a rope to clean
herself for me. She was very thorough, but quick. She gave herself a few quick jabs to both her
front and her rear and quickly moved on to dry herself.

        I switched off the monitor and turned my attention back to Vickie. I pulled the
headphones off of her. Next came the bag. Most of the mess came with the bag. Some stayed behind
on her face, and in her hair. I used the canvas bag to mop it up. Soon I had her pretty well
cleaned up. It was the first chance that she had gotten to see me. She purposely did not look at
me as I cleaned her up, she kept her eyes screwed tightly shut "I won't tell anyone if you let
me go. I don't know what you look like, who you are, where I am." I thought that she was being
very clever. "It can't hurt you to let me go now before you go ...before you go any further." I
hauled her to her feet by her hair. She kept her cool and her eyes closed. "Open you eyes." I
hissed. She did not, not until I repeated the command and pulled harder on her hair. Her eyes
were blue, ice blue and shiny from her tears. I made certain that she saw me, that she was
seeing clearly. "This is what I look like." I kissed her, she stank but I didn't mind. "For you
my name is Darling." I kissed her again this time running my tongue across her cheek. "And
you're in your new home." I kissed her a third time this time running my hands over her chest.
She struggled and fought me as I was kissing her, quite a change from Stacy. Everything that I
had done with Stacy would be fresh and new again with Victoria.

        I pulled her along with me by her leash into the bathroom. There I unwound the wires
holding her arms together behind her back, as well as her collar. For the first time since I had
taken her she was completely free of her fetters. Her wrists had been cut and had bled a little.
She had struggled too much and for too long, believing that she could get free. I had her wash
her face, and brush her hair. Her hair was long and wavy. When she was done she faced me. I
stepped up to her, she backed herself into the wall, repelled by my presence. I ran my hands
through her hair. It was soft and fine, very thin hair. The color a mix of honey blonde and
dirty blonde. I thought that she must be a natural blonde, it would have been a hard color to
fake. I handed her her purse. "You're a mess doll, touch up your makeup." I watched her apply
her makeup. She was very subtle in its application. Her whole demeanour was one of
understatement. She had her court clothes on, low heels, and skirt that was just below her
knees, a white blouse with a cameo at her throat, and a matching jacket covering her up. Looking
closely at her cameo I found it to be unique. It was a depiction of two women's profiles. She
was very prim and proper. She could have been an executive secretary, or an office manager, or
of course an attorney which she was.

I searched her purse while she touched herself up. The only surprise that I found was a carry
permit for a handgun. Further reading of the permit showed it to be for the gun I still had that
I had used to kill Jason. If need be in the future I had a chance of pinning the murder on her.
There were no signs of forced entry into her house. The only evidence that I could have left was
hair & fibre evidence. You could almost never avoid that. Jason having a broken finger, from the
possession combat for the handgun would be a little harder to convince an investigator that
Victoria had managed to wrestle the gun from him. But anything was possible. Searching further
there was no sign of any birth control in her purse. That didn't particularly bother me.
However, when over the course of the next few days I told her that if she became pregnant by me
that it would be a death sentence as soon as she began to show, and was therefore useless to me,
I expect that she would care a great deal. I was looking forward to telling her the good news.
Stacey of course did not need to worry too much, not with her IUD firmly wedged in her snatch.
She only had about a 3% chance of getting pregnant with it in place. That was under normal use,
which she was not being subjected to. I was using her far more that the average married couple
would be having sex.

        Victoria was all done now and was finishing up by washing her hands. I tossed the purse
aside scattering her items of makeup around. I took her by the hands, her hands were small and
soft, the nails longish and respectable. Not the long cheap slut set that Stacey had been
sporting probably since she was 14. I led her out of the bathroom by her hand, as soon as I
reached the door to the basement she began to tug at my hand. I was expecting something like
this, though her ferocity did surprise me somewhat. My grip on her hand tightened, to a crushing
force, I could feel the bones bending and cracking in her hand. She fell to the floor kicking at
me and screaming for help. Quickly I pulled her by her hand, she turned on the floor her head
now pointing toward me instead of her kicking legs. I dragged her down the stairs to the
basement, she was flailing away futilely, bouncing all the way down the stairs. Again the
basement appeared normal a typical furnished basement with oak panelled walls. The torture
chamber she was expecting was carefully hidden from the cursory inspection. I had flung her
toward the corner, she scrambled the rest of the way herself. Hers eyes were leaking tears and
her hair was a mess again, all her careful work destroyed. She would learn, and I would have fun
teaching her. "Get up Victoria." She slowly rose to her feet, eyeing me nervously all the time.
"They'll find me! ..I'll escape." I did not answer, verbally anyway, I merely shook my head at
her. Her anger was tremendous boiling out of her. "Fuck you! ....I WANT TO GO HOME...LET ME GO
YOU CREEP!" Her defiance was refreshing in contrast to Stacey's meek subservience.

        It had been at least a half-hour, since I had instructed Stacey to prepare herself, I
knew she was waiting on the bed for me to enter and use her. It was time to introduce the two of
them. I walked toward Victoria, took her by her collar and dragged her toward the closet. We
entered the closet. The rear wall of the closet was still smashed from Stacey's escape attempt.
It was a sliding pocket door that was now quite difficult to move into its pocket. But I managed
to struggle it into its slide. Victoria's eyes widened at the iron door that lay behind it. The
combination lock came off in my practised hands. I gestured for her to go through the door. She
knew it was a threshold she would not return from once she crossed it. I had to give her a
little shove to get her started. She pushed hard on the heavy door and it slowly creaked open
partway. I let her walk in first, so she could see what her future would be.

        Victoria and I saw Stacey on the bed at about the same time. I had really outdone myself
with her this time. Her hair was piled up on top of her head, collected beneath her cap. The cap
matched the French Maid costume that I had forced her to don. It was a standard Halloween item,
not particularly revealing were it for the size of the garment. It was clearly too small, her
ample bosom, was spilling over the top. The skirt portion of her outfit came nowhere near the
tops of her stockings. She was naturally not wearing panties, there was no point. The only time
that I let her wear panties was when she was having her period. During that week I would use her
orally and anally, exclusively. A further reason for her to dread her monthly visitor. Stacey
had her hands between legs rubbing herself getting herself all excited for me to use.

        Victoria's reaction was predicable, and delightful and I was glad I had it on tape from
the security cameras that I had pointing into the bedroom portion of her dungeon. Its too bad
the image quality was so poor. That's Radio Shack for you! Victoria half-screamed and sobbed
aloud at the scene that presented itself before her. It was so surprising and so shocking she
could hardly believe her eyes. It was also her future, that aspect made it all the more horrible
for her. Stacey saw her before she saw me, in an instant she was off the bed and sprinting
toward her best girlfriend, and her obvious rescuer. They were in an embrace by the time I
stepped into view. The first thing that indicated to cunt that I was there was my laughter. Both
the women flew from my direction back toward the bed. It took me only a moment to slam the door
shut and seal it locked, it made an impressive clang, just like in prison. Both women were
clutching each other in fear and crying freely. Cunt was crying out of frustration and
disappointment, for a brief instant she thought that she would soon be free, only to have that
dashed just as quickly. The reasons for Victoria to be crying were too obvious to go over. I
walked over to the bed and sat down at the headboard looking down toward them clutching each
other at the foot of the bed. I was tired but understandably beside myself with lust. "Okay
cunt..." It was hard to get her attention. I kicked her with my boot. "Cunt!" She turned her
face toward me. I tossed her a pair of handcuffs. "Put these on her behind her back and bring my
new playmate up here to me." She knew she had to do it. She walked Victoria up to the headboard
till she was within my reach. I pulled Victoria down to her knees, beside the bed. I held her
there, she was out of control sobbing freely, and pulling away from me. She was not going
anywhere though. "Walk around the bed and lay down on my left side cunt." She had composed
herself and rose and walked around the bed. She lay down on her stomach and slide herself up
till she was resting against me on my left side. Her maid's outfit had ridden down her body even
more, exposing most of each breast now. I still held Victoria firmly by her hair to my side.
With my left hand I placed my index finger at her ruby lips. She immediately sucked it in and
began to work over the finger as though it were my cock. "You're going to show Victoria here
what a good girl you can be. Your going to teach her just how I like to have my cock sucked.
You're going to do the best that you can, and you are going to do it now." My words were having
an effect on Victoria as well. She tried to struggle away even more fiercely since I began
speaking, but it was useless. My grip on her hair was solid. Cunt began moving toward my crotch.
She knew enough not to try and use her hands. I was clothed this time, so she began to use her
teeth to undo first my belt, then the jeans I had on. I was wearing buttonfly jeans, it was easy
for her to pop the buttons off with her mouth. I noticed that Victoria was not looking, she had
her eyes closed. I tugged her closer to me and pulled at her hair harder. "Pay attention bitch,
I'm doing this for your benefit." She did it, her tear filled eyes filled with even more tears,
as they too tumbled down her cheeks. But she was watching, I knew she was watching her best
friend blow me. She was doing a good job too. She was giving me the kind of sloppy slutty
blowjob that she knew I expected. Lots of saliva, and lip smacks. Her head was bobbing up and
down so fast that her little cap was coming loose from her head. Soon she had me thrusting
upward into her throat meeting her plunging action. I was getting deep within her, but she
didn't mind. She never complained, she was so good. I was ready to pop, I held out for a few
moments more, quickly I pushed cunt off me, grabbed myself and directed the stream toward
Victoria's face. I painted it on her, it tried mostly for her screaming mouth, but with her
struggles and my poor aim I managed to get it in her hair and all over her face. I came back to
earth, glanced at cunt, nodded toward Victoria. "Go on clean her up." She knew what I meant. She
leaned froward taking her friends face in her hands and began to kiss her and lick up my cum
from her face and hair. "Don't be a greedy sow now cunt, share with the new girl." And she did
too. She managed to get in a couple of blobs in her friend's mouth before Victoria managed to
wriggle free and fall to the rough wood flooring.

        Victoria managed to scramble away and get to the iron door. Stacey approached her
slowly, and knelt down beside her friend. Calming her and soothing her. "I'm sorry Vick...he's
gonna make me do these things to you. You'll understand soon I have no choice. He'll make you do
things too." She paused. "You can't imagine the awful things that he'd make me do, make us do if
we don't do what he says." The moment was too touching. "Ladies, your attention please." Cunt
turned her face to me, and half moved her friend to face me. Victoria was still in shock. "I
have an announcement to make, regarding discipline." At least I had cunt's attention now. "If
either of you fucks up I will apply the same punishment to both of you." Cunt looked like she
would faint, Victoria could care less. "Understand?" "Yes darling." Victoria was beyond
answering, or caring for the moment. Her life had just ended.

        "Come on Stacey, let's go and get her ready." I stood and walked through the curtain and
through the wardrobe/makeup room and into the shower washroom area. Stacey with Victoria leaning
on her for support followed behind me, Stacey was all but dragging her along. Victoria was still
sobbing softly, huddled against Stacey, unconcerned with her surroundings.

        I sat on the toilet, the girls walked in and stood before me. "Go ahead and take your
clothes of Vicky." With that she ran back through the curtains toward the exit. Stacey looked at
me. I nodded in the direction that she had ran. "Well go and get her cunt." My little maid went
off and did just that. She was gone for a few minutes. I could hear them talking. Soon they
reappeared arm in arm. Stacey was looking very contrite, Vicky was just plain scared. Stacy
caught the keys to the cuffs that I threw her, and removed the cuffs from Vicky. I held out my
arm toward the women. Stacey came toward me, I took her hand and pulled her down till she was
kneeling on the floor before me facing her terrified friend. "Strip for me now Vicky." Vicky was
looking at me but not moving, aside from trembling. Hers eyes were flashing from mine to
Stacey's searching for any sign of reprieve. There would be none from me, and there could be
none from Stacy. "Last chance Vicky, strip." She began to try finally, hers arms were riveted to
her side and moved in slow motion. She managed to get her suit jacket off her shoulders. Her
breasts were straining at the soft white silk blouse she wore beneath. She managed to remove it
completely, then used held it before her, clutching it to her body as though it were some
protective armor that could save her. "Drop it." She did not, instead she was clutching it to
her chest. This was going to take all day. That would not have been too bad actually. I could
spend a day torturing her like this, I think the time would pass most pleasantly like this.
"Vicky!" she did not respond, I had to call her name again, before her tear filled eyes met
mine. "Don't make me say it again." Her lips trembled. "I ...please....I .... can't do it....
Please don't make me." She was beyond pathetic now, the state that she had been reduced to was
extremely arousing. She was right she couldn't do it. Not without some help. I touched Stacey
lightly on her shoulder. "Go and help her cunt." She looked up at me and wordlessly moved to her
task approaching her friend slowly, and cautiously, not wanting to spook her. She moved up
beside her and they fell into each other's arms. Pressing the suit jacket between their terrific
bodies. Stacey tried to soothe her. "Shhhh...It's okay. It'll be okay. I'll help you. Just do
what he says and it'll be ok." As she spoke she managed to pry the jacket away from her and drop
it to the floor. She used her heel to kick it to the side. "I'll help you Vick." With that she
began to unbutton the blouse of her friend. As more and more of the buttons were undone she
trembled even more. I couldn't see how her legs were holding her up supporting her, but they
were for the time being.

        Stacey had to do everything for her friend. Soon she had dropped the blouse on the
floor, and kicked it toward the jacket. Next Stacey unzipped and removed her friend's skirt, it
fell to the floor with a soft rustle. Stacey manoeuvred her catatonic friend into a sitting
position on the edge of the bathtub and helped her remove her shoes. They were heels alright
thought they were only about an inch and a half in height. If I had my way they would be the
last heels she would ever wear that would be shorter than four inches. They too were added to
the growing pile. All she had on now was her bra and panties, and her pantyhose. I hate
pantyhose, a horrible invention, these would be the last pair of these she would wear as well.
Stacey was doing a great job, she had calmed her down with her soothing words and her soothing
hands.

        Vicky was no longer crying though she was not doing much of anything either. She was
allowing herself to be manipulated like the doll she soon would be. Vicky was still sitting on
the edge of the tub, with Stacey kneeling before her, calming her friend. Her bra was
utilitarian, white, underwire, and front closing. Stacey deftly undid the clasp and brushed it
off Vicki's shoulders. Vicky did move her arms to cover herself. Before she did I managed to get
a look at my new property. They were larger than I had expected. Nothing to compare to the jumbo
tits that Stacey sported, but they were respectable and proud. She had no real need of a bra,
they did not sag at all. All her bra would do for her would be to keep her from jiggling in
public. A concern she would not have to worry her pretty little head with ever again. Her only
audience, though an extremely demanding one, would be me.

        The entire scene was lovely, at least for me. Stacey helped her to her feet next and
began to slide her panties and pantyhose down her shapely legs. Vicky began to panic again, her
hands flew down to the waistband of her garments and began to clutch at them fighting with
Stacey to keep them up. I could have intervened, barked an order for her to strip again, to
cooperate, but I was enjoying the show too much to interrupt it. Eventually Stacey calmed her
down and won. Vicky was finally nude before my eyes. She was stunning, and well worth the risk
of obtaining her. I looked directly into Stacey's eyes. "Bring her to me." She took Victoria's
hand a pulled her reluctantly across the room toward me. She was trailing as far as possible
behind her at arms length. Soon she was close enough for me to touch her, which I did, taking
her other hand in mine I pulled her down to her knees before me. I was still sitting on my
toilet throne, with my dick hanging out of my pants. Vicky looked away from us and down to the
floor, she was filled with shame, and was very humiliated. Stacy was holding her other hand, and
together we formed a happy little family circle. I took her hand and brought it to my penis,
making her hold it in her left hand. She touched it, held it gingerly for a few moments before
her whole body began to shake. She managed to hold onto me for barely ten seconds before she
dropped me and tried to run away again. Stacy held on tightly to her other hand, and together,
they managed to get only five feet from me or so. I was beginning to get disappointed with her.
Maybe she had gone mad already. "cunt, I think its time that you told her the names of things.
Don't you?" I loved phrasing statements to her in the form of a question. My own personal game
of Jeopardy. Though it was clear who was really in Jeopardy. It was such fun to see her squirm
and struggle searching for the answers. This time her response took me completely by surprise.
She came over to me and knelt down before me. She whispered to me. "Yes darling she needs to be
taught, put please I beg you don't make me be the one to teach her." This was not good, I didn't
want the new girl to ruin her good discipline. I slapped her hard across her face. "You'll do
what you're told, first time, with a smile on your face. Won't you cunt!" "Yes darling." Her
tiny rebellion had been quashed.

        She returned to Victoria's side, who was laying prostrate on the tile flooring, her
shaking body. I watched her bend down to her friend and position her so that she was kneeling
before her. Stacy looked over at me, unsure of herself, unsure what was expected of her. "You
remember cunt, ask her who I am." She did of course remember, I watched as the memory washed
over her face. Now she would relive the experience all over again, only this time it would be
from the other side of the fence. Stacy pointed toward me limply, "What is his name?" Victoria
looked at both Stacy and myself, understandably confused. Then a flash of hatred passed through
her. "His name is creep, or asshole, or loser, or dipshit, or dick-less rapist, or scumbag." Her
hatred poured out of her, she became louder and more confident with each accurate insult. Oh
well, sticks & stones....something ..something. Power was the only commodity worth having down
here and they had none at all. Eventually she ran down, she was glaring at me defiantly through
her entire dissertation. I don't think she blinked once. When she finished she wiped her face
free of tears and snot. "Well cunt what are you going to do about her behaviour?" Stacey looked
at her friend still kneeling before her, she drew her arm back and slapped her. I've seen
kittens slap harder than what Stacy did to Victoria. It barely made a sound. Stacy looked toward
me to gauge my reaction. I crooked my finger at her, when she was close enough I pulled her down
kneeling before me. "You've got it all wrong cunt. Do it like this." I punctuated my words with
a ferocious open handed slap to her face. She instinctively tried to block it, but her block was
feeble. She was throw to the tiled floor, her body made a nice slapping sound of its own when
she made contact with the cold tiles.

        I stood up off of my porcelain throne. As I rose I removed my belt from my jeans. I
kicked off my boots and finished shrugging off my jeans. By this time Stacy had recovered
somewhat and was looking in my general direction, more toward my feet really. I walked past her
to the still defiant Victoria. As soon as I was near enough to her I began to flail away at her
with my belt. I was not aiming, where it landed I did not care. I first caught her on her legs,
then on her hands as she struggled at first to ward off the blows with her hands. Her arms and
hands paid for their sacrifice but did not stop or lessen the attack. Slowly she was driven away
from the belt, at first by inches then she began to move quicker away from me and my belt
seeking any refuge she could. There was nowhere to go. Nowhere to run and hide from me. She
screamed as the belt landed on her flesh. No doubt she had lived all her life in a civilised
world in which power was contained and society was the master. I doubted if she had ever been
hit before, certainly not like this. She was used to being in a world that treated her
considerably better than I was or would be treating her. I slashed and slashed at her till she
had been driven back into a corner. Back into the corner of the bathtub. She had curled herself
into a ball, her head facing away from me pressed into the corner. Her side facing me, her arms
still desperate to protect her. Every stoke of the belt made another ghastly mark that would be
with her for days. These marks would remind her that there was a price to pay for not pleasing
her new owner. I stopped, my arm tired. We were both breathing hard, Stacy had turned away
unable to watch the scene unfolding before her. I waited for her to rouse herself. She
eventually turned herself around and sat facing me naked in the tub. "Have you had enough?" She
nodded without answering me. I bent closer to her, and yelled right at her. "WELL ITS TOO BAD
THAT YOUR OPINION DOESN'T MATTER HERE!" The volume and content of my words had a withering
effect on her. She turned herself away from the words as though my verbal assault were a harsh
wind. I went back to slashing at her some more driving her even further into the corner of the
tub. After a few more minutes of this I threw the belt down to the tiled floor. Beating her,
demonstrating tangibly the power I held over her gave me a half-hearted erection. Grabbing
fistfuls of her sweat soaked hair I straightened her up in a sitting position. She made no
effort to cover herself with her hands now. Modesty was a trait she no longer could afford, not
even when she let her legs go slack exposing herself to me that completely for the first time. I
took a moment to survey her in detail now. She had a great body, very natural. Her skin, though
covered in perspiration now, was amazing. Its former flawless texture would be back in a few
days, a week at the extreme outset. She was pale, so pale in fact that I could trace tiny veins
carrying her blood through her thin skin. It was as if she were made of fine porcelain. No doubt
her lack of color was caused by endless nights slaving away over the law books. A lawyer, a
parasite dependant for her survival, and feeding on the misery of others. I doubt she would ever
have a tan. Her occupation had just undergone a radical shift. She would still be slaving away,
but it would not be over books ever again. "Look at me." She complied though slowly. After I
knew she was looking at me I took my hardening cock in my hand, and began to squeeze it hard at
the base, choking the nascent erection from it. "The only persons opinion that maters here is
mine." As I finished the sentence, I had managed to tame my erection enough to let pass a stream
of urine toward her. "NO..." was all that Vicky managed to scream out before she caught herself.
I tried to get some in her mouth but it was only open for the briefest of moments. As with the
belt I did not care where the piss landed on her. Anywhere was fine by me. Where it hit her
welts it would help her heal more quickly. I made it last, as soon as she was shrieking and
flailing around searching for an escape from the humiliating piss I would pinch the flow off
till she had calmed her self down enough for me to resume. In effect I kept shooting short
bursts of piss at her till I had none left. "I told you my name already. It is Darling. Isn't
it?" She had heard her friend say it enough already to realise what was expected. "Yes Darling."
I had won again. But that's the best part of this game, I always win. "See Stacy, that's how you
do it." Stacy nodded, and was going to respond verbally, like she had been trained to do. But
the pain filled gasp of Victoria as I dragged her back to Stacey's side cut her off. "Now cunt
finish teaching her the names of things, and do it the rightway this time."

        Stacy stood before her kneeling friend. "What's my name Vick?" "STOP! She too has a new
name cunt, it is whore. Ask her again." Stacy steeled herself for the challenge. "What's my name
whore?" Vicky looked straight forwards not up to her friends face. "You are cunt!" She
practically spat the words at her friend. Then she looked up at Stacey's face to see the effect,
which was negligible. She had been through far worse by my hand. Stacy was just standing there`
waiting for something to happen. She was used to behaving this way and was learning a whole new
dance now. "Go on cunt. Don't stop now, you're just getting started." She swallowed, her mouth
dry and continued. She reached out to her friend pointing at her lips. "What are those?" "Lips"
Was the single word response. That earned a slap from Stacy. It was not ferocious. But it was
respectable. "Harder cunt." I urged her on. She repeated the slap, this time more forcefully. I
spoke for Stacy. "NO whore the correct answer is. These are the lips of my darlings whore,
cunt." I watched intently as Stacy repeated the naming ritual that I had performed on her. She
stayed clear of Victoria's more erotic areas. Which I could be patient when it suited me, they
were not going anywhere, ever. Soon Stacy ran out of 'clean' items to have her friend name, and
was left with only her 'naughty bits' to get named. She took her hand and brushed it against
here friends left breast. "Name this whore." Vicky responded well. "It is the tit of my darlings
whore, cunt." It went on that way, she made her name both her breast, her nipples and her
thighs. Stacy quickly glanced toward me, ten continued up Vicki's legs toward her crotch. I
watched closely as she cupped her hand over her friend's mound. "Name this whore." "It is the
cunt of my Darlings whore, cunt." Stick your finger in her cunt." Stacy sat there frozen
motionless, she was building up her nerve to touch another woman there. She curled her index
finger upward and pressed it in to her friend The reaction from Vicky was subdued, I had
expected more from her. She knelt there with her eyes closed, trying hard not to move or show a
reaction. I walked over to the kneeling women, I dropped the soap dildo into Stacey's lap. "Use
this on her." Stacy took the familiar item in her hand. "Lay back whore, you may as well get
comfier, cunt here has got a lot of stamina. And if you ask me I think she'll last a long long
time." Vicky complied, she was beginning to see that she had no choice in the matter. Not
anymore. She would never again be able to glibly deny sex from her boyfriend for trivial
reasons. For my amusement she would always be available, at my convenience.

        She was lying back on the tile floor, the cold of the tiles was having an effect on her
skin, and her nipples both of which became sensitive to the cold. Her nipples seemed quite
responsive and were hardening due to the cold of on her skin. Lets hear it for natural
responsive tits. Stacey's may have been more, but there is something to be said for quality.
Stacy leaned forward toward Vicki's crotch, she began to wet the dildo with her saliva,
transferring it from her mouth, to her left hand then stroking the dildo applying it to the fake
phallus. "Where ya gonna stick her cunt?" She had though that she was going to put it in her
friend's vagina. I could tell by her body language that that was her intended target. "I'll put
it wherever you want darling." The dildo was only inches from Vicki's cunt. "Where do you think
you friend should fuck you first whore?" "It doesn't matter, whatever I say will be wrong,
you'll do what you want anyway. So get on with it." I was stunned, her reserves of defiance kept
filling, and replenishing themselves. Soon she would become completely exhausted, and I would
win. Remember, I always did. "I'd like you to stuff it down her throat cunt, and shut her the
fuck up." Stacy tried to do just that. She leaned forward toward her friend and pressed the
soapy dildo against her friend's lips. I could see Stacy mouthing the word sorry over and over
again, as she pressed up against her. Vicky was defiant in this too, ultimately she relented
though, and let the dildo enter her mouth.

        It only entered her a few inches, 3 at the most, before she choked, and reached up with
her hands and pushed Stacey's hand from her, dislodging the dildo as well. She coughed for a few
seconds more. "You're not much of a cock sucker are you whore? Maybe I'll have to change your
name. Lets see now what can I call you. ... how about bitch. That seems to suit you actually. If
you keep this up I'll really treat you like a bitch. Do you think she'd like that cunt? Do you
think she'd like it if I introduced her to Jason and Richard?" Stacy was speechless not knowing
what to say. Finally she came up with an appropriate answer. "I think she likes whatever you
want her to like darling." "Do you like it when Jason and Richard visit you, cunt?" "I like it
if it pleases you darling." Her answers were acceptable and safe. "Well I just don't know what
to do. I'd like to find something she'd like. You must know what she would like. Girlfriends
talk don't they cunt." I watched as they glanced at each other, I was certain that they talked
to each other about such things. "We never actually talked about it much darling." That's
bullshit, all women talk to their girlfriends." I let the preposition hang in the air for a few
moments. "The way she sucked on that cock you'd think she'd never done it before." Again they
looked at each other. It was subtle, but I was onto something. I was determined to get at the
truth. I moved off the toilet, stepped between them so they couldn't see each other anymore. I
sat down between them facing Stacy. She was the weaker one. The one who had become accustomed to
obeying me. The one I could use to get to the other one. I took Stacey's chin in my hands and
moved my lips to within a hairs breath away from her. Then I slowly moved forward and began
kissing her. I kissed her deeply, like a lover would, I explored her mouth with my tongue
completely. She returned the kiss, just as deeply. I broke the kiss but as I pulled away from
her I held onto her lower lip, biting it between my teeth. Her lip became distended as I pulled
away. I bit down on her lip, I felt her lip being deformed between my crushing teeth, and
savoured the panic in her eyes. Soon felt the skin separate beneath my teeth and we both tasted
her blood. It was a small wound though it made my point. "You're friend here, she hasn't had
much experience with men now had she?" Stacy shook her head no. "But she couldn't be a virgin
now could she? No she couldn't be a virgin. Virgins are a lot like Unicorns. Some people
actually claim to have seen one, but I don't believe it. "No she's not a virgin is she Cunt?"
The question was a rhetorical one. I turned my attention back to Victoria. She was huddled naked
of course, up against the tile wall. I couldn't see her face her hair was hanging down the sides
of her head, blocking the view. I think she was having a bad day. In fact I think she was having
the worst day of her life. As far as I could tell she had no boyfriend. When I was packing her
bags, I didn't see any clothes of any potential boyfriend. No picture on him on her night table.
There was no evidence of any birth control in her purse, or in her bathroom either. A woman with
her looks, she was well off too. It just didn't make any sense to me. What other reason could
there be for her to be so ill at ease with men. That was it! Ill at ease with men! I turned back
to Stacy, the cunt. "She's a dyke isn't she cunt!" I saw the truth of it in her face, as I dug
into her and wrung it from her. That would explain everything. A lesbian divorce attorney. I saw
Victoria slump down further against the wall. She certainly didn't look like the stereotypical
lesbian. I believe that the term for what she is is a lipstick lesbian. I reached out to her and
brushed her hair from her face. I wanted to watch the effect of my words on her. "So you are a
lesbian eh whore?" She turned herself slightly away from me trying to disappear into the wall.
"You know what whore? .........I'm a lesbian too! Yup that's right. I'm a lesbian trapped in a
mans body." My joke was too funny to me. So much so that I chuckled aloud. Mostly because she of
course did not see the humour in it.

        This was special, this was a treat. This was something to be savoured. This was a fine
wine that I would get to roll around and around my palate before finally swallowing. The
unspeakable acts that I would soon be imposing on her would be doubly horrible for her. From her
point of view they would be performed on her by what was certainly a monster, but to her they
would be as despicable to her as homosexual acts would be to myself. For to her that is what
they would be. The act of male female intercourse for her would be as horrible as male to male
intercourse would be for me. The thought of a male trying to copulate with myself made me
physically ill. I could feel my stomach turn at the mere thought of it. I imagined it must be
the same for her. Instantly I knew what I wanted to do to her for her first time with me. I had
much to prepare. It was going to take a few days to get the needed supplies. But that was just
as well I wanted to give her a chance to heal up a bit. I only hoped I could keep my hands off
her and wait long enough for the master plan to come to fruition. I still had cunt here to help
me keep the edge off. "Get her in the shower cunt. She stinks. I think she peed all over herself
in all the excitement." I left them alone. No doubt she answered her usual Yes Darling as I
stormed out of the dungeon. While I was gone I could hear them talking to each other.

        They were whispering. Stacy was aware that they were being monitored, and had told her
friend. Victoria was incensed and was loud enough for her portion of the conversation top be
heard by the microphones that I had implanted in the dungeon, despite her warnings. "How could
you tell him!" She was clearly upset with Stacy. "Why couldn't you just lie!" And finally I
heard her nearly shouting. "You were always such a stupid bitch. Why couldn't you just have
divorced that old degenerate. I told you we could break the prenup! Why did I ever let you con
me into this stupid fucking plan of yours." I switched off the microphone, but not the
recorders.

        I quickly found what I was looking for and hurried back to their side. Vicky was just
finishing her shower, and was drying herself off. I tossed the measuring tape to Stacy, and told
her to take her friends measurements. She did it but was clearly nervous about the close
proximity to another woman. She was notably uncomfortable about taking Vicki's hips and waist
measurements. Her face was quite close to Vicki's pubic mound, when she bent over to take the
measurements. I wrote all the measurements down in a notebook. She was after all going to need a
new wardrobe.

        When they were done I led Vicki over to the iron door in the wall that led to the cell.
I placed Stacey's iron collar around Vicki's slender neck securing it myself. I opened the small
door and motioned for her to get in. She got down on her hands and knees and crawled in slowly.
I watched her crawl in and sealed her into the wall. I would need some time to prepare for her
first time with me. As an artist I wanted to do it right. I would have only one chance to make
it memorable for her and I. She could wait she wouldn't be going anywhere Besides I wanted to
give her something for being as nice to me as she had been thus far. I wanted to give her a
couple of days of no food, no water, or sleep. I had a feeling that she would be much nicer to
me after a few days in the wall. I also wanted to giver her a chance to heal up a bit. I
certainly didn't want to fuck her with all those marks across her body. She was strong and
healthy, at least for now she was, and she would heal up fast too. I couldn't say that she would
have the same recuperative powers in a few months. So I had to take advantage of her strength
while she had it.

        With Vicki tucked in for the night that left me and Stacy with some time on our hands.
She still looked great to me tarted up in her humiliating maid ensemble, despite her split lip.
I led Stacy into the next room, she had some freshening up to do. Vicki had some crying to do,
and it was the least we could do to leave her alone. Well relatively alone, I was after all
taping her every moment in the wall cell.

        I sat Stacy down at the dressing table to fix her makeup. I watched as she reapplied her
eyeliner, mascara, and fire engine red lipstick. Soon she was looking as radiant as ever, and I
was more than ready for her. I stood by the side of the bed with my erection pointing straight
at her. She approached me from the other side of the bed crawling across the bed to get to me.
Promptly as I had trained her to do, she kept crawling toward me until she encompassed by cock
with her mouth. Her breath was hot on me and her tongue was darting all around the underside of
my length. I was already hot enough but lately I had instructed her that she was to always begin
by taking me in her mouth. I knew how much she hated it. I flipped her over on her back with her
legs directed toward me. Like the practised slut that she was her legs flopped open with not a
hint of the shame that she once had. Her left hand had drawn her breasts from her maids outfit
and she was manipulating them before me. Her other hand, her right hand was between her legs
holding herself open. Spreading her vagina open for me for my inspection. Her index finger of
her right hand was placed directly on top of her clitoris, and was rubbing it in a circular non
stop motion. The fear of endless torture, torture without end had turned her into this. She gave
a convincing groan as I fed myself into her soft vagina. A groan that meant she loved my touch,
and dreaded the moment that it would end. On an intellectual level I new differently. She in
fact hated me and would kill me with her bare hands were it within her power to do so. I drove
myself into her again and again. My lust fuelled by these thoughts. Thoughts of power, my power.
The power I held over her. The power she once had, that I had ripped from her the same way that
I was ripping into her now. I was still standing up while I fucked her. Her legs had wrapped
themselves around my waist. She could not sit up to embrace me with arms, as my training had
prepared her to. Instead she was doing the next best thing. Her hands had wrapped around her
breasts, and she was kneading the artificial tits as though they were cookie dough. Her head was
tilted far back, her mouth open wide in a gape, impersonating passion. She was getting to me
again. I slowed my pace in an effort to make it last. She clamped herself down on me, squeezing
me tightly every time I hit bottom. Then letting go of me when she felt me being to move
backwards. She had become a practised whore for me. I could always count on my cunt to give me a
great fuck, day or night. I could rouse her from a deep sleep and barge in to her chamber
demanding any act I could conceive of, no matter how perverse. By now her legs were rising
straight up from her laying position. I had her ankles on either side of my head, surrounding me
in her legs, and their silken covering. She was screaming out in her artificial passion. I
quickened my pace, a vocal woman always gets to me, then soon after I was moving in a blur,
rapidly in and out of her. Her ass was hanging off the edge of the bed, my thighs were slapping
against her clapping. I imagined the clapping was for us. The approval drove deeply into her a
final time, and I was pumping her full once again. She knew the signs extremely well by now, and
helped things along, rhythmically grasping me, then releasing me every few seconds. As soon as I
had left her she had turned around on the bed, her garment swishing as she turned her head back
to my member. With no direst instructions she had popped my dick back into her mouth, licking
and sucking it clean of our fluids. I had recently specified that after every fuck if she didn't
try to get me hard for another round, that she would regret it. She was bobbing her head up and
down on my semi-hard cock, trying to coax another erection from me. That in turn would be used
to further degrade her. Her practised tongue and these thoughts conspired to give me what I
wanted, yet another erection that she would be forced to deal with. Soon I had her turned around
again. Her head down on the bed and her ass pointed skyward. "Hold yourself open cunt." In a
flash her hands were at her behind prying her cheeks apart for my plunder. The going was tough
into her ass, with only residual baby oil, and what little had slid down the crack of her ass to
pave the way, but I didn't mind too much. She was being vocal again, stifling her scream with
the bedding. Holding her by her hips I began to use her ass for my pleasure. Having just come a
few minutes ago I was guranteed to last a lot longer this round. It was a good thing to she
needed more practice at imitating desire, when I fucked her ass. Toward that end (pardon the pun
:)) I slammed myself into her ass as deep as I could get, then stopped my movements. "You do
some work cunt." With that I was watching her slide herself off then back onto my dick. I was
surprised to see she was changing the color of my cock, slightly darker. I didn't think that I
had been feeding her all that well, that she wouldn't be more clean back here. I had determined
that I was not going to move for the duration of her ass fucking this time. But as she got me
more and more excited my mind was changed and I slammed into her a few times till I finished in
her. I'm sure that she had emptied me out and I was done for the night. But again, she had
whirled around to try and tease a further erection from me with her talented mouth. Who was I to
argue with such a beautiful woman? This time her efforts were rewarded only by providing her
owner with shiny clean cock, that I would put away for more fun latter.

        I left her dressed as my little maid, my sorcerers apprentice had done well, as well as
could be expected under the circumstances. It wasn't everyday that I forced her to collaborate
with her rapist to break her best friends will. I snapped the handcuffs to the headboard, and
walked around her to the other side of the bed, and secured that wrist as well. I then walked
back to the end of the bed her legs were pressed together, how modest. I held out a hand, she
moved her leg placing the ankle in my hand for me so that I may secure her spread eagled on the
bed.

        I decided to leave Stacy here while leaving Vicki in the wall cell. They would have
buoyed each others spirits had I kept them together. Better to partially break in my new whore
first, just for a few days then, reintroduce them to each other. I had much to do to make my new
playmate comfortable. Taking the measurements that Stacy had made and the sizes of her clothes
that I had packed for her I faxed an order to a ladies fashion house that I had used before for
Stacy. The lingerie and costumes that I ordered would arrive tomorrow. Every few hours I would
check to see if Vicki had cried herself to sleep or not. If I noticed that she had drifted off I
would give her a blast of electricity to rouse her from her slumber. I decided to giver her
something to pass the time watching. The TV screen mounted in the ceiling flickered to life. I
heard the speaker playing Stacey's voice to her friend. "Hello my name is Cunt. My Darling owner
loves it when he lets me suck his long delicious cock. He has instructed me to make this tape to
show you how he likes me to do it. His cock is so yummy.................." That should keep her
interest for a few hours. Five and a half hours to be precise.

        I set about repairing and improving the damage done by the recent events. The sliding
door in the back of the closet was replaced. I added another bolt to the hinge side of the iron
door. Event if they managed to pry off the hinges it would do them no good. I also added another
bolt to the wall cell door. This one would trip and lock the door, in case of another power
failure. Also in case of a power failure I ordered an industrial UPS system, it would provide a
few hours of electricity, which would be more than enough.

        Getting rid of her Cadillac was another chore that I had to accomplish soon. Preferably
before anyone discovered Jason's corpse or realised that Vicki too had gone missing. I jacked
the car up and set it running. I wanted to jack the odometer up to match the actual distance I
planned to transport the car to the dump sight. I loaded the car onto the tow truck still
concealed with the car cover, and set off for a road trip. I won't mention the city that I took
it to. Suffice to say it was a port city. I dropped the car off in a wooded area north of the
city. In the trunk I left Vicki's suitcase only half full of the clothes I had taken with her.
If anyone found the car soon they would also find a pair of pink high heels that were too big
for Vicki, a skin-tight pink dress, a matching purse filled with all of Stacey's effects. Before
I left I also took Vicki's freshly fired gun, field stripped it and cleaned it with bleach and
brake cleaner. I made sure to remove the clip before I had Vicki and Stacy handle it thoroughly.
At the dump sight for the car I again field stripped the weapon. I carelessly left the slide in
the car. Opps! I then threw the remaining pieces as far from the car as I thought the women
could have thrown them. Too bad the pieces of the weapon fell short of the river, and lay
exposed on the nearby rocks. How careless of them to leave the murder weapon behind like that.
In the vehicle I left some travel brochures for Hawaii and Mexico. Here was also one for Rio.
Maybe Harv could squeeze a vacation out of this. He was such a dedicated and hard working cop. I
wanted him to be happy in his work. Wouldn't want him to retire early. I would have had to
cultivate another source in the department. The burning rag I placed in the mouth of the gas
tank burned fiercely for a few moments. I helped it fall out of the opening to the ground. I
could hear the FBI agents now...."They should have stayed at least long enough to ensure that
the car caught.."

        It was about a 12 hour drive round trip. By the time I arrived home I was exhausted. I
nevertheless had to check on the animals. They were fine. Vicki looked like she hadn't slept
much more than an hour at the most. The simple light timer I had left had given her a jolt every
hour or so just to keep her awake. I fed Stacy, some food that is rather than my cock. I made
her masturbate herself for me. I was too tired to bother to fuck her. I resolved to automate
their feeding. I had to think more on this to come up with a workable scheme. The dogs were
fine, I fed them and let them run about the farmhouse for a while. They found a rabbit and
chased it. It managed to escape them, typical. Thanks again Harv. They were distracted by a
passing helicopter. It was a chopper belonging to the State Patrol. I wondered what they were
looking for. There was nothing on the news yet. Perhaps they were just being coy? I decided to
sleep some. I slept soundly and without interruption, not even from dreams.

        The next day around 11 AM a van drove onto the property. I went out to greet the driver.
It was the delivery service, dropping off Vicki's new wardrobe. I took the packages from the
driver thanked him and tipped him. I carried the bundles into the dinning room, searching
through them to make sure that all the items that I had specified were there, and in the right
sizes. Among the boxes there was a special box. A hat box, "Helen's Bridal Supply" was printed
on the box. The veil that the box contained was incredibly fine. I had to hold it up to the
light to see the near microscopic weave of the lace. Nothing but the finest for Vicki's first
time.



There are other section coming in the near future. If you have content idea for poor Stacey's
future appearances please send them along to
special_kwa@hotmail.com

Here's wishing you all have a healthy fantasy life.




         There are good reasons why this episode is late in comming. The primary resaon is some
dickless, nutless, fucking little weasel in Southeast Asia (according to the Mcafee site) wrote
w32.C1H.SPACEFILLER virus and inflicted it on the world and myself in particular. (Don't you
hate it when bad things happen to good people?) If I ever meet the guy...bang zoom ---to the
moon Alice!!

         I wanted to take a moment to thank all of you who have contributed content ideas, as
well as those of you who have made kind comments. Before you all ask me. I expect to have the
next section done in a month or so. However, as you know by now my expectations can be wildly
wrong. I am glad you are all so eager to read the next section. Remember, "Absense makes the
heart grow fonder." Also remember the more you bug me to tell you whether or not I have posted
the next section, the longer it will take me to actualy write the thing. (I answer all emails)

As always I hope all you fellow pervs enjoy.

special_kwa@hotmail.com

Trophy Wife
Part 5

        I had given Vicki a couple of days to recover. She would need these days as the beating
had been quite severe. During these two days, she had nothing to eat or drink. As for sleep I
had let her have virtualy none, a couple of hours at most. To keep her amused I had her watch a
steady diet of porn and any tit shows I could think of. Good intellectual shows like Baywatch,
and Showgirls, and 9 1/2 weeks. Still looking in on her she looked great, her eyes were sunken
and hollow but other than that she looked ready to fuck. That sounded like a good plan for the
day.

        I made myself breakfast and ate, then went into the dungeon. Stacey was still stretched
out on the bed, still in her maid costume. She was asleep when I entered the bedroom portion of
the dungeon. Seeing her fantastic body all stretched out, combined with my morning hornyness,
distracted me from my plans for Vicki. I stripped, and stradled her sleeping form. I tried not
to wake her, instead I dangled my cock against her lips, and began to play it against her mouth.
In her sleep she parted her lips slightly, that was all I needed. I slowly pushed my way inside
her mouth. Before I got to far in she woke with a start, her face filled with shock and panic.
She had partially begun to suffocate, in her sleep. I let her get used to the invasion, before I
continued my movements in and out of her now responsive mouth. Tied as she was to the bed, she
could move very little. I was extremely horny and my erection was at its fullest already.
Looking down on her strugling to accomodate me combined with the vision of her taught arms
chained to the bed corners filled me with a tremendous rush of excitement. I had to pull myself
back from the brink, and withdraw from her sucking mouth. Merely resting it on her face was
almost too much, as she continued to lick at the underside of my cock, one of the more sensitive
areas. I was glistening with her saliva. I leaned down positioning my hands on the bed and slide
myselfdown her body till I had my cock hovering above her helpless spread entrance. Despite the
fact that I had been in her hundreds of times by now, she looked up at me, her face filled with
fear and trepidation. Catching her off guard like I did must have really rattled her cage.

        I owned her completely, without further delay I began to force myself into her dry
vagina. The only lubrication she could rely on was the saliva she had imparted to my cock. There
was of course no baby oil on her cunt. If she had had the time to think back to her now dead
lover Jason, perhaps she coul have conjured up some moisture from her pussy to ease the way. But
the manner of her awakening did not allow this. As I penetrated her I could see her face
changing from the pantomime lust to pain and back again to actificial lust as I took her in
stages. It would have been slow going had my concern revolved around her pleasure in the
slightest. Which of course it did not. She was not my wife, nor my girlfriend. She was my
property. I wanted my property to suffer, I wanted her to suffer for all of her days for her
crime. Soon I was buried in her softness, I was home again in a familiar place, as was she. She
was flat on her back, helpless looking up at me, her owner fucking her, raping her senseless
again. I couldn't think of a more suitable punishment for this trecherous murderous bitch, who
up to this point in her life had gotten everyting in her life by willingly putting herself flat
on her back. In effect prostituting herself to her own husband. Poetic justice, what a turn on!
I pounded into her slowly, rythmically, I wanted to be certain that she was getting every
portion of every inch I had to give her. Every so often I would send myself into her as hard as
I could. I wanted to catch her by surprise and off guard. She was trying hard to act like a
slut. Trying hard to present the illusion of excitement that I expected, that I demanded. She
had however been moved up the bed incrementaly by my thrusting, and her ankle chains had been
pulled taught. The iron cuffs were digging into her fishnet clad legs, holding her from sliding
further up the bed. The cuffs digging into her legs would occasionally produce a grimace of
pain, on an otherwise lustfull demeanor. I lay myself completely flat on her, my entire weight
crushing her into the bed. My perspiration was dripping off me and onto her. Further painting
her with my essence. I insinuated both my hands beneath her, to squeeze her ass. A hand in each
cheek. I crushed her globes in my hands, each one was a near perfect fit for one of my large
hands. I tilted her pelvis in my hands to get maximum penetration. A little upward angle was all
that it took. Soon the familiar pinprick of her IUD was hitting the end of my dick. It was
strange, but I was beginging to enjoy that little bit of pain the strings wold cause me. I knew
she was getting the worst of it though. Stacy was crying out now in simulated passion. Despite
Victoria being behind two curtains, and two rooms away, I knew she could hear us. Her screams
had joined ours. Poor thing hearing her fate, being caged up for a few days was too much for
her. It was the first sign that proved to me that I was on the right track with her now.
Screaming was a good sign. A defiant woman would not scream like that. As I was raping Stacy, I
heard Victoria yelp. She had no doubt inadvertantly touched the electrified wall cage door.
Stacey's skirt was pushed up high and bunched around her waist. Her belly would be my target for
this shot. After a few more violent plunges into her I reared back, up and out of her, aiming my
spurting member at her body. My cum splashed all over her abdomen. Weeks earlier she would have
reacted with supreme disgust at this degrading spectacle. Now however, she was writhing in her
chains like a porn queen trying to earn a bonus cheque.

        I released her arms and made her scoop up the cum with her long fingernails. She slurped
up the mess, and sucked it down like it was life-giving nectar. Which of course it was, if she
failed to drink it down I would not be pleased, and her life would be in jeopardy. Her cum
drinking routine was suitably slutty. I crawled up to her face and made her clean me off too.
Afterward I released her, to let her stretch, eat, and go to the washroom. After that it was
time to check on the fresh meat.

        I opened the wall cell to reveal a different woman. Gone was the defiant independent
woman that had gone into the cell a few days earlier, to be replaced by this broken creature.
She smelled horrible, she must have pissed all over herself in fear. The bedpan that was in the
cell with her had been filled. Her hair was dirty and stringy, it fell down her face without
grace or charm. She looked like shit, however she was not beyond repair. Stacy would get her
cleaned up. I left the women with hair, makeup, and apparel instructions. There werre two of
them to prepare. I knew that Stacy would have to do the majority of the work for the both of
them. Vicky was in no shape to refuse anything. That however, made her in no shape to
participate in her preparations either. I gave them two and a half hours to prepare themselvves
for me. This was an uncommonly generous amount of time. Stacy realized this, Vicky did not know
my habits yet. The amount of time was for Vicky, I would only have one first time for her, as
would she. And I wanted it to be memorable for us both.

        My anticipation made the time pass slowly. I was very horny for my new prisoner. The
longer I waited for her the harder my erection seemed to get. Soon I was rewarded with a
delicious sight. Stacy walked into the bedroom chamber first. Her face was painted like the
whore she was, as always I specified that her lips and nails were bright red. Her hair was
perfection and framed her face in a soft cloud of bouncy curls. I had forced her to wear my
favorite outfit. It was the essence of simplicity. It was also the first costume that I had had
her wear for me. The bra she had on was merely her black underwire. There was no material
covering her breast. They were fully exposed to my hungry eyes. All the underwire would do for
her would be to support her tits, and keep them from swaying too much. It is as if they were
being held out proudly, offered to me for my inspection, and use. The single other garment that
she was wearing was her garterbelt and matching stockings. What else would she need really? The
sole reason for her to be wearing clothes was to exite me. Her minimalist ensemble was surely
doing that to me. Her red hair was complemented perfectly by the black lingerie. I had to call
Vickie to make her breach the final curtain that seperated us. She passed throught the curtain
slowly, dread was walking with her. In contrast she was a vision in white, I had decided that
she would be dressed as a bride for her first time with me. It would be one of many firsts for
her. Being a lesbian, it was likely her first time with a man. A bridal ensemble was suitably
sick for this event. She would likely have never gotten married in the real world. Being gay she
may have had a commitment ceremony that she would have cherised. Now she would remember this no
matter what her future would bring, if in fact she ever had a future.

        She was a vision of femininity, and vulnerability, as all brides are. Her hair was
similar to Stacy's, with many lush full curls framing her heavily made up face. I had however
instructed Stacy, to take away her friends natural blonde color. She had changed her friends
hair, bleached it completely white. A platimum blonde caricature of a woman stood before me now.
As always her lips and nails were matching bright red. Over her head she wore the veil that I
had ordered for her. It came down to cover her exposed breasts. Around her waist I had her
wearing an antique corset, white of course. It cinched her already trim waist into a surreal
hourglass shape. Following her body down, her hands were clasped before her nervously fretting.
They were encased in lace gloves, which flowed up her arms to her elbows. Her hands held a tiny
clutch purse, which both Stacy and myself knew what lay within the purse. My cock throbbed in
anticipation of revealing to Vicky what it was she was carrying. She wore no underpants, there
was no point, but she was not bare. She was wearing a see through lace skirt that merely
obscured her crotch but did not conceal it. As I looked closely at her crotch I could see that
stacy had followed my instructions and shaved her friend bare down there. How much better this
would be for her first time, for her to feel everything I could give her. She was certainly more
sensitive there now. He skirt was short, if she were to bend over slightly she would expose
herself to me completely. Her ass would merely be enhanced and framed by the lacy covering.
Certainly not protected or covered by it. I had covered her legs in matching white silk
stockings. They were decorated with a floral print. But the crowning touch was on their feet.
Stacy and Vicky both wore the same foorwear this time, each in their respective colors. Black
for Stacy and white for Vicky. They were bedroom slippers, with heels on them. Covering the toe
portion of the slippers were a poof of simulated feathers. They were very delicate, feminine and
ridiculous all at the same time.

        Tons of slutty makeup does wonders to improve an exhausted womans appearance. She looked
good enough to fuck. I had Stacy help her to the bed. I had Vicky lay down on the bed on her
back in the bed. Stacy sat at the head of the bed holding her friends arms stretched out above
her head. Vicky looked fantastic stretched out like that. Her pose and the attire contributed to
her sacrificial appearance. In effect Stacy would be helping me rape her friend.

        Without further ado I stripped naked, but slowly. My erection clearly frightened and
disgusted my new captive. Hers eyes were nevertheless drawn to my crotch. Whenever she caught
sight of me she would turn her head away, then look back again, further torturing herself. It
was as if she had a toothache that she kept prodding with her tongue. You know your tooth will
hurt but you have to poke at it anyway. I climbed between her legs, I purposely let my erection
drag across her thigh as I settled into position. Despite her fear her flesh was warm and
inviting, drawing me, welcoming me her rapist in. Despiter her fear she did not move a muscle at
my touch. I left her veil down over her face, but used my cock as my hand to brush her skirt up
and expose her cunt to my gaze. It glistened beneath the sheen of baby oil that had been applied
to her. I looked up into Stacy's eyes, I wondered how it felt for her to have applied the oil to
her friends vagina for my use. I poked at her entrace with my dick, just too provoke a reaction.
She flinched a bit but otherwise did not react. Stacy was still holding her arms tightly, above
her head just in case. Penetrating her did however provoke a reaction, I slide myself into her.
I wanted to take my time with her. It was surprisingly easy to penetrate her. I expected the
going to be tougher, given the fact that I was the first man to ever enter her. Before I knew it
I was in her completely. She was trying hard to remain stiff as a board, trying to make herself
a dead fuck rather than a good fuck. In this she was doing a good job. Foolish little bitch! She
obviosly didn't know I had ways of making her fuck. For now however, I would be satisfied with a
reaction of some sort. Pain was a crude but effective motivator, and before me were her nipples,
they were ready made pain receptors. I licked my way to them, drew one in my mouth and began to
crush its tenderness between my teeth. My weight held her body down as she began to twist and
writh beneath me. Stacy was still holding her arms down as Vicky struggled ernestly in her pain.
Her struggles transformed her body into an extremely pleasurable ride. One that I fully intended
to enjoy. Toward that end I was slamming into her freely now. The bed rocked with the weight of
the three of us on it this time. It would not collapse though. I had made sure that it was
strong enough to chain someone of my size to. It was incredibly sturdy. Looking down on her as a
drove myself into her repeatedly, I noticed that I had done more damage to her nipple than I had
intended. A small trickle of blood had begun to seep from her. It was quite erotic to notice the
red in contrast with her virginal white attire. I continued to drink in her beauty. Looking down
her body I watched as I entered her and then withdrew over and over again. "How does it feel to
get fucked whore?" I taunted. She failed to respond, except animalisticaly, with grunts and the
odd strangled scream.

        Her body was being stretched as I fucked her and Stacy held her arms down. Her breasts
were fully exposed to me having been lifted out of her garments minimmalist cups. They bounced
freely, pleasantly to the rythym I had imposed on her body. I came in her, as always it was too
quick for my tastes. It would always be better if I were able to last longer. The better to
debase her with a long session. The realization of what I had done to her hit her. That I had
actually exjoyed torturing her, hurting her, raping her enough to actually receive enough sexual
pleasure to cum in her. This realization left her face contorted in pain. My experience had been
the exact opposite of hers, and would always be so. She was destroyed now, I had destroyed her.
No man had cum in her before, no  man had had her to this point in her life. No other man would
ever have her, unless I decided to share my good fortune, and expose her to others.

        I kept myself in her for as long as I could. I felt myself gradually soften in her
delicate folds, and then fall from her. She was not struggling beneath me. The expulsion of my
cock brought some relief to her face, but I would see to it that this relief was short lived.
She looked suddenly used up, as thought my rape of her had aged her greatly. I sat back to enjoy
my handywork, to survey what I had done to her. My cum was dribbling out of her exposed vagina,
and was trickling down between her ass checks. Vicky was flushed from her efforts, and her
breathing was begining to return to normal. Stacy was still holding her arms lightly now. She
had moved on to comforting her friend gently stroking her hair.

        "You girls must be hungry." They both looked at me hopefully. Vicky hadn't had anything
to east since the night I took her. Neither had Stacy, whom I was now directing my gaze towards. 
"As an appetizer you can start by feeding on my cum Cunt. Just because it's in whore box is no
reason to let it go to waste."

        She looked like she would be ill. The prospect of eating my cum had become a normal part
of her everyday existance by now. But the demand to eat it from another woman, her friend no
less, was a development that she might have suspected would be in her future. This suspicion
though horrible was nothing compared to the horror of the imminent reality of her plight.

        Surprisingly she began to shake her head no continuously, she tried her best to plead
her way out of it. "Please Darling, I've been so good.... I've done everything for you...please
don't make me do this....this to her." I had heard quite enough by this time. I cut her off.
"Who the fuck do you expect I get to clean her up?! You don't expect me to stick my face in her
filthy dyke crack do you cunt?" She wasn't crying, she was likely beyond that by this time. "You
stupid little bitch. You know your going to do it in the end. You know I can make you do
anything." As I spoke I rose from the bed and walked over to the wardrobe, and retrieved an
implement to inflict pain for her. "It's boring having to prove that simple fact to you over and
over again cunt. But I suppose that I really should that you for giving me the chance to try out
my new flogger on your hide."

        She had begun to move slowly to her disgusting task, her every movement was the picture 
of reluctance. Vicky had closed her legs at
the first mention of what I had in mind. It was amuusing to watch Stacy fight with her friend to
pry them apart. Stacy was going to be raping her friend for me. "Oh Vicky I'm sorry...I'm so
sorry." I slashed into her rear with the flogger. It wasn't an easy blow. Angry welts rose on
her flesh, shortly afterward. Despite the blow she didn't cry out. Vicky resisted, but not much.
She recogniozed the inevitability of the forced coupling just as Stacy did. Stacy kept up her
babbling apologies. I kept slashing at her. "Shut up cunt, I didn't say you could talk. Just
fill you mouth with her, get started." I punctuated the remark with a series of hard blows to
her backside and her legs. Vicky was holding Stacy's head in her hands keeping her from getting
any closer to her than about six inches. Stacy was reluctant to proceed further to her goal,
despite the whipping I was administering. I was getting impatient. "Get started, I haven't got
all day you dumb bitches." In truth I did have all day. Vicky was holding her away from her
croth, still. By now tears from her pain and shame were flowing down Stacy's cheeks freely.
"Please....please." She begged..though not directed to me, but to her friend to release her grip
and in effect let her continue. Her begging was effective. Vicky transfered her grip from her
friends head to her own face, submitting to the lesbian rape. She covered her face with her
hands in an effort to block the scene from her conciousness and remove herself from this latest
torture. Theway now clear I watched as Stacy's toungue crept out for a first tentative lick. At
first contact Vicky's legs had tightened around Stacy head, making my voyeurism all but
impossible. I knew from their joint reactions that Stacy was making tentative licks at her at
least. While she licked I climbed on the bed behind Stacy, and began to feed myself into her
cunt which had poked out between her the plush curves of her thighs all vulnerable and
available. I entered her easily and completely entering her with practiced familiarity. We were
fast becoming lovers, she had learned just how to move to facilitate my entry and ensure a
pleasurable ride for me. And despite her predicament, her face being pressed into her friends
vagina, she managed to hold herself up, and at just the right angle for my entry. Each time I
pressed myself into her, her face was forced into greater contact with the crotch of her friend
Vicky. Of course I didn't expect either woman to enjoy what I was forcing them to do. In fact I
expected them to detest it, that was the point after all. Soon however, I would compel them to
feign delight and enthusiam at the prospect of putting on a lesbian show for me. As I fucked her
I taunted her with comments like "How's that taste cunt?" and "You're really getting into this
now cunt." After a while Stacy stopped making such a fuss and got down  to the serious matter at
hand. She lapped at her friends vagina, cleaning up all the mess I left behind. I made sure that
she licked down Vicky's ass to get every messy drop that had trickled down her behind. For her
part Vicky was laying on the bed stoicly letting Stacy finish. This tactic would end her ordeal
quicker, but I was making mental notes for latter discipline. I didn't want her to be a board. I
wanted her to respond. After a while of using Stacy I became bored, I pulled my cock out of her
cunt and began rubbing it up and down in the crack between her cheeks. In effect I was menacing
her ass. I pushed the head into her asshole, it popped in, she moaned, groaned loudly into her
friends crotch. "You are such a horny slut! Aren't you cunt?" She paused briefly in between her
slurps, managed to croak out a "Yes Darling."

	Vicky still was covering her face with her forearm, in a feeble effort to blot out reality. I
called out to her. "Hey whore! Is she any good at eating you?" She answered in a way contrived
to spare her friend any trouble. "She's doing fine darling." Her effort to spare her friend
emperiled herself instead. "It doesn't look like she getting to you. Are you sure she's doing
ok?" All the while I was slowly entering Stacy's ass, I didn't want this to ever end. At that
Vicky moved her arms from her face and grabbed onto the headboard. Her makeup was ruined, her
mascara had run all over her face, making her look like a racoon. She began to mimic, though
poorly, arousal on her friends toungue. By now I was alternating between Stacy's cunt and ass. I
would spend a few minutes, a few strokes in her ass, then pull out and do the same in her front.
Not very hygenic, but I didn't mind, she would clean me up latter. The defeated expression on
Vicky's face was exciting me beyond description, beyond my ability to contain myself any longer.
Owning these women there was no need, I relaxed completely and let myself come into Stacy. As
luck would have it I just so happened to be in her pussy. After I had come down from my climax,
Stacy knew what to do, all I had to do was to gently push her into motion. I turned her around
till her mouth was able to engulf my softened cock. This brought  the women into a near
sisty-nine position. Vicky put up a bit of a fuss, but I soon had the women slurping away at
each others crotch. This was a moment that deserved to0 be imortalized properly. I left them to
their own devices for a few minutes to retrieve a high quality 35mm film camera. Say what you
want about them, in relation to digital cameras, but if you want great color seperation you
still can't beat film. Soon I had returned to find them, their faces still buried in each others
crotches. They had continued to enjoy each other while I was gone.

        I began snapping away, they were surprised at first but I urged them on to greater
efforts, coaxing a more convincing performance out of them for each picture. I used up several
rolls of film. The majority turned out great. Most revealed the horror and shock on their faces,
expecially on Vicky's as she was not used to my ways and her new life yet. Some of the pictures
were however remarkably convincing and indeed erotic even. Suitable for framing, perhaps even
for posting on the web, in some amateur newsgroup. There was no point in letting them continue
for very much longer. I had what I wanted, I had made them perform with each other, they were
both humiliated, fucked and licked clean, and I had the pictures of the episode that I wanted.
As they were about to leave I noticed that Whore had forgotten her purse behind on the bed. To
be truthful, in all the excitment I too had forgoten it. I called ou to them, and tossed it into
cunts hands. "Help her put this on for me would you?" She removed the ring gag fro the cluthc
purse and strugled with her friend for a bit till she calmed her down enough to fastten it about
her head. Her mouth was held open by the round tempered steel ring. her lips were help apart and
formed a perfect O for my disk to enter. I held her on her knees

before me by her platimum hair. I fed myself into her mouth, my cock dripping with the residue
of cunts orifices. I handed the camera to cunt and as I slowly entered her mouth for the first
time the flashes of the camera going off distracted me. Cunt had begun to snap some pictures.
They did not turn out very well her hands were trembling too much and the images were all blurry
and shaky. Having cum several times in the last few hours I was in no condition to pop again in
whore's mouth. Too bad really, but I could always save that for latter. I had all the time in
the world for her.

        They had both been remarkably well behaved. Being raped in front of another woman seemed
to make them both more submissive and compliant. A surprising bonus that would make my task, of
breaking them an easier one. I supervised their cleanup myself this time. They removed the
humiliating lingerie that I compelled them to don, and returned them to their respective boxes.
I watched them shower and clean themselves and each other up. Watching them use the soapy dildo
to clean each other made me wish that I still had my camera with me. Those would have been hot
pictures. After their shower they stood before me as if for inspection waiting tfor further
instructions. For a moment I was struck dumb by their beauty and my good fortune. Vicky was
basically asleep on her feet, she was swaying gently back and forth before me.

       I walked over to Vicky, and placed the iron collar around her neck and fastened it
seccurly. I next moved to the door of the wall cell, and opened it for them. "Ok bitches in you
go." Stacy complied first, falling down to her hands and knees and crawling into the hole in the
wall. I gestured for Vicky to follow her in. She fell to her hands and knees  and followed her
friend into her new home. After they were both tucked in. I bend down to examine them. The wall
cell was so tight that it really was unsuitable for two. Their naked bodies were pressed up
against each other. No matter how they were to move they would be touching one another in some
manner. Satisfied with their plight I swung the door closed on them, and sealed them in securely
for the time being. I would have to see about expanding their quarters. I'm not an overly cruel
man. Prison over crowding is a major source of discontent among convicts. I had planned on
imposing a lifelong sentence on these two. As such they would need a more humane environment.
More humane, though not a country club. At least not the underground portion.

        Keeping two women in captivity was going to naturally be twice the work. Some of this
work I had decided to offload on the women themselves. In particular their meal preparation.
Based upon their weight and the physical demands I placed upon them, I calculated the caloric
intake that they would need to keep them alive. I decided to come up with a method that they
could prepare their own meals. Denying them the needed food would also povide me with another
angle to make them do what I wanted. I ordered a rolling cart built that had some drawers built
into it, that I then placed some non-perishable food items in. Built into this little cart I had
a small refrigerator installed as well. So that the fruit and other items that I allowed on
their diet would not spoil. Each week I loaded up what would hold them for only five days. Their
good deeds would have to earn them the remaining two days worth of food. Elsewise they would go
hungry.

        I didn't place either of the women in charge of rationing the supply. I decided to let
anarchy reign supreme. That way if one turned out to be more bossy than the other, she could
dominate the other and hog up more calories than the other. I thought that this would provide an
excellent chance to make their captivity even more hellish. If they did start to compete for
food, then they would start to hate one another. How awful it would be for them to have to
perform sexaully with each other, hating each other so much. Additionally they would have to lay
beside each other each night, constantly in contact with the other. Or they could cooperate, but
if they did start to cooperate I would reduce the caloric intake till I did get them to compete
fiercely with each other. An interesting experimment in justice and their mentality in
captivity. Also it removed a tremendous amount of work from my hands. I no longer had to prepare
any of their meals, except of course if they were good enough to earn their extra two days worth
of rations. I would have to be careful, I wouldn't want the poor dears to starve, not to death
anyway. Who would I play with then?

        Meanwhile back in the real world the police had discovered Vicky's abandonned car. Harv
had traveled to the scene at the invitation of the local police and was on the tube announcing
the discovery. But other than that he was being very tight lipped. They did not show any
pictures of the car in the report. I would call him later to pump him for some info. I suspected
that the reason that they did not show the car was because they wanted to conceal from the women
that the car did not burn completely. Consequently he did not make mention of any of the
incriminating articles that I had left to be found in the car. I considered this an extremely
promising development. After all the only reason that I could think of was that they believed
the scene to be genuine. I suppose that If they really tore into the car they would find that
the underside of the car has strange scratch marks on it fron the chains that held it down to
the flat deck of the truck. They might even find tire tracks from the tow truck and put it
together. I would find out from Harv, when he got back.

        I had the girls rise earlier in the day and shower together and do their exercises
together. When they reached the dressing room, they found the cart with the built in fridge. I
explained the rules of their feeding to them. They looked a little disturbed by the idea but
they appreciated the chance to make some decisions about their fate. They tucked into a meal as
soom as I had finished explaining the rules of the game to them. They ate well, a little too
well, and by the end of the week I was sure they would be out of food with days remaining.

        The next day began around noon for me. I set about preparing the bedroom chamber for the
girls. I had instructed them that I wanted them to be ready for 1:30 pm. They were too. I had
dressed them rather conventionally this time. Cunt was wearing black, and Whore was wearing
white. They had matching garter belt, and stocking ensembles on, I had liked the effect of their
feathered slippers from the previous day, and  had them wear them again. The heels were not
quite as high as I liked them. But no matter they would spend most of today on their knees
anyway so it didn't really matter all than much. So that their breast were available and
somewhat contained, I had them wear bras that were cut to an underwire again. Always a favorite
of mine. I insisted as always that their hair and makeup were perfect, and in the case of their
makeup heavily applied.

          They passed throught the curtain, cunt was holding whores hand no doubt to support her
and give her strength. I had placed large comfy pillows on the floor for them to sit on and
directed them to do so. They sat down together, their long supple legs folded delicatly and
demurely beneath themselves. After they had settled they looked up at me sitting on the bed with
expectation and dread filling their eyes. They looked terrific sitting their ready and more or
less willing to do my bidding, my excitement level was at its peak with anticipation.

          I was sitting on the bed considering them. With us I had setup my video equipment, the
tape was rolling even before they entered the room, and I also had my still camera. On the bed
beside me I had a towel, covering a few items of fun for later.

         With my best cheery voice I asked them.."How are you two bitches doing?" They both
murmered that they were fine, of course they managed to add Darling to the end of the statement.
"Were you comfy last night? Did you sleep well?" I knew full well that neither of them were
comfy or slept well but they both answered "Yes Darling." anyway.  Vicky answered just as
cheerfully as Stacy, though not as quickly, teaching Vicky was easier and was going quite
quickly and smoothly with Stacy's help.

        "Today we are going to play a game, a new game that I'm quite sure that neither of you
have ever played before." I really had their attention now. "The game is called 'Lady and the
Tramp', and the object of the game is to be declared the Tramp. Unlike in the real world where
the object is to be declared the Lady. Well, in most cases, but not in your life eh cunt?" At
the mention of her name she responded "Yes darling" "Yeah you were a real slut weren't you,
offering your cunt up to that old fucker just to put a roof over your head. But then you fucked
up such a sweet deal with that limp disk Jason. So this may not be much of a challenge for you
after all."

        "Anyway, you both remember the movie don't you?" They both gave me a blank look. "The
movie, the cartoon, Lady and the Tramp!" At that I saw recognition in their eyes. "Yes now you
remember very touching scene where they are eating spaghetti, and they meet in a kiss." Stacy
was nodding, remembering the touching cinematic moment. "You won't be eating spagetti though,
you'll be eating this."  With that I reached beneath the towel and revealed a large two headed
dildo. I had it fashioned after my own member, it included all the gnarly veins and ridges and
was quite lifelike, even in its coloring. It was however not a single continuous dildo. It was
joind in the middle by a spring joint, so that it could bend into interesting angles. To reach
those hard to reach spaces. "This is a competition, I will be judging you on technique, as well
as amount you manage to stuff into your mouths. In case of some scoring dispute, the event will
be videotaped." I motioned to the camera sitting on its tripod. "I also want to record it for
posterity as well." I let the information sink into their psyches for a moment. "Remember this
is a competition, their are prizes for winning, as well as punishments for loosing." At the
mention of punishments Vicki began to tremble slightly. I continued with the rules of the game.
"The winner gets to fuck me, first. The looser gets to be fucked by something else." Stacy knew
what I meant by that, I could see her swallow hard at the allusion to the dogs, and steel
herself for the upcomming competition her determination to win rising within her. Vicki her eyes
were wide and searching looking I imagined she was looking about for what I would make her fuck.
"Cunt, why don't you tell her what I am talking about."

Stacy turned to her friend, she coudn't look her in the eye but she  began to speak anyway.
"He's got some dogs.." "I don't just have some dogs, I've got two big mastiffs. They've got
dicks bigger than mine and I'm going to arrange it so that they'll ride you for hours." As I
continued my enthusiastic speech I watched as disbelief and shock were replaced with
understanding, and acceptance on Stacy's face. Vicki all but collapsed in shock, being the
novice, and a lesbian she no doubt felt herself sure to loose. I ignored their reaction and
continued. "If you loose the dog that you'll fuck will not come till I let it happen. Before you
get your dog treat I'll have you use your hands or your mouth on the dog, then I'll have you put
a condom on the dog. Because he's so much bigger than a man we will need something to hold the
condom on. So I'll have you wrap a thick rubber band around and around the base of his dick.
Poor dog, he will stay hard till I let you remove the rubber band." I paused for a breath.
"After the dog is exhausted, I'll let you remove the rubber band so my dog can cum into the
condom. If your good to my dog, and give him a good fuck then I won't make you eat his cum. If I
don't think that you acted like you liked it enough I'll give you a second try at pleasing my
dogs. You can fuck the second one too." After speaking for such a long time my mouth was dry, I
took a long drink from a cup of tea that I had with me. The women were devastated by the
punishment for failure that I had dreamed up. "Cunt here knows that I can make her do anything I
want, by finding things for her to do that are so disgusting that she would rather be my slut. I
hope for your sake that it is a lesson that you learn quickly, or you may spend a great deal of
time being punished. Not that I'll mind. It can only calm the dogs down, and make them happy and
contented. Of course it will be a little bit of a chore to strap the loser down for the session
with the dogs, but again I won't be doing it. I'll get the winner of the contest to truss up the
loser. That is unless the winner wants to join the loser too."

        I really wasn't interested in having either one of them get fucked by the dogs. They
belonged to me after all, I had gone to a lot of trouble and risk to acquire them. They were
beautiful, and I wasn't about to waste them on a couple of stupid dogs. I had better plans for
them. Most of my plans revolved around the head of my cock. It was neccessary to find something
that I could scare them with. I mean really scare them with. Like George Orwell did in his epic
1984. You find the one thing that terrifies your victim, in the novels case it was the notion of
a rat gnawing at the protagonists face. In the case of the women it would be the prospect of
being reduced to satify the dogs for as long as I wanted them to. Besides once I actualy did let
the dogs have them I could not use the threat on them anymore. Its meaning would have
exaporated, one day no doubt they would indeed slip up and I would compel them to couple with
the dogs. But that would be far off in the future, once they could no longer amuse me. One day
in the far off future they would have lost their charm. They would be older and worn out. I
could find better prospects on the street.

	By now I had finished my tea and was almost ready to play. "I know you two are always planning
something. I know you two are thinking that both of you can overpower me and escape. But you
can't. You won't overpower me. And if in the unlikely event that you do I intend on taking
precautions." With that statement still in the air I left the chamber and retrieved the dogs
that I had left waiting in the basement of the farmhouse. I walked back into the dungeon bedroom
with them, and held them away frok the women. "Now then sluts, if you two ever try to take me
on. This is what I will do." I addressed the dogs, "PROTECT" as I uttered the command the dogs
lunged at the women, barking noisily. By now the women had cowered into the corner of the room
abandoning the pillows, and sought comfort in each others arms. They had started screaming again
clearly terrified of the dogs, and what I would do with the dogs. The dogs were clearly viscious
when it came to a runaway blanket. I expect that they would be just as viscious when it came to
the sluts. "ALERT" The dogs stopped barking, I hauled them into the corner of the room and
secured them to the wall to a breakaway ring that I had fastened there. If I needed them I could
call out 'PROTECT' and the dogs would breakaway to attack the women. But they would be kept out
of the way, still operating as a reminder to the women to behave. I went over to the sluts and
moved them back to the pillows. It was time for the competition to begin. I tossed the dildo to
whore, she caught it and held the alien object awkwardly in her hands. "Time for some practise
whore. Look into the camera, introduce yourself and show me what you can do." She looked into
the camera, she was scared and nervous, but she began. "My name's wh.. whore..." She began to
felate the dildo. I watched through the viewfinder of the camera. I had zoomed close into her
face and watched as her ruby lips slipped over the head of the dildo. She took as much of it in
as she could. she got about three quarters of the dildo into her mouth, then withdrew it and
began to bob her head up and down on the dildo. She never did get more than three-quarters of
the length into her mouth. I was watching her closely. She had small tears forming at the
corners of her eyes, as she struggled to engulf the fake penis. I watched her practise for
several minutes till she had demostrated a bit of rythm. When she looked up into the lens of the
camera I zoomed out an motioned to her to hand it to cunt. She did, cunt being the practised
slut that she is now took it from her looked into the camera and began to speak. "My names cunt,
and I'm going to be the tramp and win for my owner." With her introduction speech concluded she
dove onto the dildo and began to slide herself up and down on it. She was impaling her mouth on
it further and further with each plunge. It was all but effortless for her Soon her lips had
taken all of it in her and she was brushing the edges of the joining spring with her lips which
were being stretched around the wide base of the dildo to the limit. Their performance had me
incredibly jacked up, and they hadn't even started in enmest yet.	With the preamble out of the
way I repositioned the camera to cath them both in profile. I wanted to get a fair vantage point
to record the event from. I had them balancing the dildo between themselves, it was proped up
between them with only the head of each side resting on their respective lips. They were waiting
for the signal for me to start. I let them wait nervously for nearly a full two minutes before I
finally whispered 'go'. I had hoped to catch one of them by surprise, but it was not to be. They
had both be waiting for me to give the command that they start, fearfull of the consequences of
failure. They both dove forward onto the dildo racing to take as much in as quickly as possible
trying to earn as many early easy points as they could. Stacy won the point for first to the
middle, by default that meant she also earned the point for most swallowed. Vicky was trying
hard too and she had driven herself onto it almost as far and as fast. Their joint actions each
had the effect of forcing part of the dildo into the others mouth as well. Together they drove
each other to further depths. Their hands had reached out to each other grasping each others
arms for balance and support. Surprisingly they soon fell into a near cooperative rythym, with
one holding the dildo for the other, and presumably taking a break for a moment while the other
bobbed up and down on her portion. However, as they continued further into the ordeal, they both
realized that they could only win throught the aquisition of style points, and their actions
became more frantic, and desperate to be convincing. Stacy was moaning and carying on as though
she were blowing me, she made sure that her hair was brushed back to keep her face revealed for
the video camera. Vicky opened her eyes for the first time to watch. She saw her friend carrying
on, and began to emulate her. Soon they were both straining to reach the middle again. Their
actions forced the entire length of the dildo into each others mouths. Their lips met in the
middle and they formed into a kiss. They were kissing each other while their respective mouths
were impaled on the choking dildo. Their bodies and their bare breasts were pressed into one
anothers. If it were not for the bulges in their throats, pressing out of their cheeks the scene
would have been one of lesbian love, which of course it also was. But after they pulled back the
dildo became visible, until it aqain dissapeared into their mouths, and they formed another kiss
around the dildo. It was a pornographic personification of the cartoon feature Lady and the
Tramp. Only in this case neither was a lady. During one such kiss I caught the girls attention
and had them turn to face me. The spring joint acted as a hinge allowing them to turn and face
and my camera. It made a lovely picture. I let them keep at it till they both felt that their
respective 'man' reached his simulated climax. They let the dildo, now covered with their
saliva, fall to the pillows, beneath their bodies.

        "Well now sluts, I suppose that you are eager to find out who won aren't you?" They both
nodded toward me, Stacy mumbled her yes darling first followed shortly by Vicky. I tossed a pair
of handcuffs to each of the women, and instructed them to fasten their wrist behind their backs.
I heard the handcuffs ratcheting closed around their wrists. I rose walked to them and checked
them to see that they were in fact on securly. While I was inspecting their cuffs I snapped iron
collars on both of them. The iron collars were secured to each other by a chain that was about 9
feet long so that they could maintain some mobility.

I fastened the ring gag to Vicky. "I liked your enthusiam Whore. And I'm going to give you a
chance to earn some bonus points. I wouldn't want to see you go to the dogs prematurely." The
ring was wedged behind her teeth by this time. Still she managed to sputter out "thsnng yu
Drlng."

       I sat on the edge of the bed, and motioned for her to come over to me. She crawled
unsteadily the few feet to where I was sitting. Having her arms cuffed behind her had several
effects that I found pleasing. First it would compell her to use only her mouth on my dick.
Secondly, it enhanced her posture, jutting her chest out for me to play with, and made it
difficult to maneouver. Thirdly, and perhaps least important of all it enhanced my security.
They did after all outnumber me, I could not afford to be too careful.

        When she was within my reach I learned forward slightly and grabbed hold of her chain,
and tugged her toward me. She fell into my widesread legs and hurridly crawled the rest of the
way to me. She quickly nestled herself between my legs sitting back on her heels for some
balance. Without further delay I took her head in my hands and fed myself into her mouth. The
feeling of the ring as it passed my head and then trailed down the length of my shaft was
exquisite. I could feel her hot breath on my crotch as she began to gag at the alien intrusion.
I pulled her into me by her hair, I was trying to get every bit of myself into her. I wanted her
go get the entire length of me into. I wanted her to have the total experience. I filled my
hands with her hair wrapping it around and around my fingers. Without letting up the pressure I
lay myself down on the bed. This left my legs dangling down to the floor resting on either side
of her body. I could feel the hair stretching from her scalp, she screamed around my cock, the
rush of air passing from her widely pried open lips made a plesant tingling sensation on my
dick. I chuckled at her predicament. "Tell her what she has to do cunt." My words startled Stacy
from the security of her trance like state. "Use your tongue on him whore....Cooperate." After a
few more tugs at her hair she relented. I could feel her tongue begin to work its magic on the
sensitve underside of my dick. I could feel her forcing herself into contact with me. I enjoyed
her gagging and retching on the male intrution into her. Power, the ultimate aphrodisiac, the
power that was formerly her's and now was mine, caused me to grow even deeper into her throat.
After a few more minutes of her efforts I had released my grip on her hair and she was licking
and slurping away on me, no doubt she was desperate to end it quickly. "For a dyke your a
natural whore. After you finish there i'm going to take you again. But don't get worried that
I'm going to knock you up or anything, not this time anyway. Where I'm going to fuck you you
can't get pregnant." She gave a little grunt and a sob around me as she realized what I meant,
unable to offer any other form of effective resistance whatsoever. I raised my head up of the
bed and propped it up with a pillow. I wanted to be able to watch her as she forced herself into
greater and greater contact with me. Her face was pinched tightly. Her eyes were clamped tightly
closed unable to bear the sight of what I was making her do. She could not close her ears to me
though. "Cunt, get your mouth to work on her asshole. I don't want it to be too painful for her.
I want her to enjoy her first assfucking from me. After all the more of my cum that I dump into
your ass the less I dump into your cunt. The longer you will remain attractive to me and
available to continue in your present capacity as my newest fuck toy." I paused to savour the
feeling of her flickering tongue on me for a few moments. Stacy had crawled the few feet that
had seperated them. I watched as Stacy's face dissappeared into the round globes of Vicki's ass.
I felt Stacy make contact with her friends puckered ass through Vicki's lurch into my crotch.
"The more you sluts slobber away the more lubrication there will be so don't be shy." Vicki's
ass was wiggling away from her friends probing tongue, there was however not much wiggle room.
Stacy having her hands secured behind her back had a difficult time in moving her friends bound
arms from their defensive position shielding her own rear. The weight of Stacy's own body helped
her drive her tongur into her friends ass. Eventualy the women settled into a tolerable rythym
that allowed them to complete the odious task that I compelled upon them. Vicki's head was
bobbing up and down on my length faster now. The anguish that I so enjoyed moments ago was
obscured by her now platinum hair. She was a mop of hair pressed into my crotch. I reached down
to her, let my fingers tangle themselves in her coarse locks and pressed myself deeply into her
mouth. I came, but depite the depth of my penetration, her jaw slackened around my cock. I
brushed her hair away to watch my cum slide out of her mouth and slide down the length of my
shaft. Soon it was pooling around the root of my shaft spreading throught the pubic hair that I
had forced her face to nestle in. I rubbed her lips and face in the gooey mess. "Your manners
are very poor whore. I might feel slightly rejected if another slut had failed to lick up all my
cum."  My fingers held her whimpering mouth in place around my softening cock. "But I don't feel
hurt by your lapse in manners whore. 'Cause I know you're gonna clean up your mess right now."
And she did too. I felt her head shifting in my lap and she began to purse her lips around my
shaft and clean up the sticky drops from my hair. Stacy had not stopped probing her friends ass
with her tongue either. Vicki's ministrations soon had my erection returning to menace her yet
again. I rose from my position and pushed her off me to the floor. She fell to the floor in a
heap. She fell hard unable to blunt the impact with her arms. I grabbed her by her ankles, and
dragged her into the position I wanted. I moved her as thought she were a wheelbarrow, till her
face was in Stacy crotch. "You know how to eat a pussy, get started." She did too. She was
beyond resisting me now. I watched as her tongue flicked out throught the opening in the ring
gag, and played on the lips of her friends vagina. I slapped her ass with my open palms. "Get
your ass up high in the air whore." She struggled to draw her knees up under her body. "I
promissed you an ass fucking whore." I kept slapping at her ass, as hard as I could. Soon her
ass was red. I could see hand prints in the color that I was imparting. "If you want me to fuck
your butt you'd better get it high in the air whore." Soon she had maneuvered her bottom as high
as she could. I grabbed her ass checks in my hands and squeezed her cheeks tightly. Beating her
ass had caused my erection to recover fully. I drove my thumbs into her puckered asshole and
pried her trembling opening apart to view her. The opening was predictably tiny. I couldn't see
how I could make myself fit into her. But that really was her problem, not mine. I pressed
myself into her rear. Before I had made much progrees in entering her an involuntary high
pitched squeel erupted from her mouth, interupting her oral efforts on her friends crack. It was
music to my ears, and I reveled in my ability to make her make this sound. In seconds I could
care less that she had abandoned eating her friend out. I was swept up in the sadism of the
moment. Her squeels, and my power combined to drive me wild with lust. I had hoped that my
earlier orgasm would have allowed me to plunder her for a longer time. But it was not to be. I
soon painted her bowels with the first of what I hoped would be many deposits of my cum.

       After hours of being steeped in sex I was exhausted and due to sleep soundly. I dragged
them both to a kneeling position before me, my penis was closer to Stacy's face and she set
about using her mouth on me to clean me up. "Don't worry cunt, you missed out this time, but
next time I'll make sure you get all the cock you could want." Without removing me from her
mouth she mumbled her thank you's.

        "I suppose you are eager for the result of the event. Because of the bonus points that
whore earned I am declaring the competition a tie." The shoulders of both of the women slumped
with relief. "The next few days are going to be a part of the tie-breaker. I expect you to both
be on your best behaviour. Unless you want to make me cross with you." I pulled them back
through the make-up room back to the shower room. This time I did not let them remove their
humiliating lingerie. This time they would sleep together in their attire. I left them chained
up on the floor while I retrieved the dildo from the bedroom chamber. I inserted it into cunts
vagina and had her crawl back into the hole in the wall head first. I left her there laying on
her back. I removed whores gag from her mouth, but I left it on her body adorning it like a
vulgar necklace around her throat. I had her crawl in feet first and lay on top of Stacy in a 69
position for the night. I left them like that, their collars chained to each other by the nine
foot chain. Their hands trapped behind their back, and their faces placed near each others
crotch. For Vicky, the lesbian she would be presented with a dick, albeit an artificial one, to
suckle on for the night. And for Stacy, the cunt, she had another womans cunt all her own to
explore and practice her tecnique on. I connected the current to the collars, and closed the
door to their wall chamber and left them there like that.

          Once back in my study I turned on the cameras to watch them struggling to get
comfortable for the night. It was not easy, and I could see that whores hands were beginging to
swell up a little from the painfull pinching of her cuffs. I flippped a switch and gave them
both a painfull blast of the juice. I could hear them yelp and saw them jump about excitedly
throught the monitor, desperate to avoid the current. "I expect you sluts to use your mouths for
something more productive than screaming. Get started now please" And they did too! What choice
did they have.


There is at least one more section coming. If you have comments good or bad please send them
along to
special_kwa@hotmail.com




Trophy Wife 
Part 6

	I had been thinking of redoing their dungeon for quite some time now. As a criminal I had been
more successful than I had ever imagined I could be. It was quite remarkable that I had not been
exposed thus far. My success was surprising to myself, I had two luscious women penned up and
ready to flop and fuck me in any perverse way that I could imagine and anytime of the day or
night. All I had to do was snap my fingers and one or indeed both of them would begin performing
for me at a moments notice. Supposedly everyman's fantasy. Well not mine, anymore. It was no
longer my fantasy, it was my reality. Before I took these sluts I had only read about such
things. Now I was living them.

	My life had completely changed. I no longer was solely concerned with work, or my social life.
in fact these aspects of my life did continue, albeit at a reduce level. For example I still
attended weekly meetings with my office team, and dealt with the odd crisis when it arose. But
fortunately these intrusion were minor. I still socialized with my friends and acquaintances,
even having friends out to the farm to enjoy the country with me, and for dinner. In fact these
friends and I played pool in the basement, mere feet from the dungeon. If they only knew, I
wonder what they would think. The entire experience was really too good. If you've never had a
woman who is afraid of you, you really are missing out, I highly recommend the experience. It
really is too yummy!

	Anyway my success had me thinking, actually doing more than just thinking, about revamping
their quarters. Now that there were two of them to house and care for I really had to build them
a proper dungeon. I set about doing this. I drew up some rough floor plans, it is amazing what a
novice can create with some pretty cheap software. Then I had an architect friend look them over
to make some minor revisions. I was slightly concerned that he wold view the drawings with
suspicion. But when I explained the line of work I was in and that I was looking for a very
secure place, such concerns faded and he was very enthusiastic. A starving architect friend is
helpful when you flash a few greenbacks at him. As for the iron fittings collars, and steel door
and such I could always fabricate them or order them from survivalist outlets. despite Reagan
fading into history, if nothing else he sure spawned the survivalist industry.

	I was planning a new building entirely. Designed to look like a small guesthouse, from the
outside, that would complement the farmhouse. In fact the guesthouse would actually be used as a
pool house. I was going to locate the pool in between the farmhouse and the guesthouse. My
drawing called for it to be landscaped so that the pool area was in an defilade position,
concealed by elevation till you were nearly upon it. The climate allowed it so I would plant
lots of palm trees around the building.

        The real purpose was to provide a more humane, though not by much, setting for the
sluts. After all it looked as though I would be able to keep them for considerably longer than I
first imagined. I figured that I could get some contractor to throw it up in about a month.
Maybe three weeks, if the bonus structure were convincing. But I still wanted to do it right, so
I was prepared for it to take longer. Some contractors tend to drag their feet. The basement
dungeon portion was to be formed as much as possible out of pre-poured concrete slabs so it
should take a few days at most to put together.

        Construction started today, I had to maneuver the heavy digging equipment around the
location of the existing underground dungeon. If I let even a heavy pickup truck drive over the
location then there might be a collapse. If it did not cave-in completely it was still quite
fragile and could be damaged by the mere passing of a pickup truck over the location.

	I had made all the arrangements needed to begin construction on this newest dungeon of mine and
could now return to my newest hobby. That being turning every waking moment the two women would
spend into a living hell. Quite a tax on my imagination, as I had to devise new and increasingly
horrible things to do to them.

	The women of course did not know whether it was day or night, or even what day or month it was
anymore, not for certain anyway. It was late afternoon when I released them for more play this
time.  They were still clad in their stained lingerie from the previous escapade. I would have
to devise a way that they could launder their own clothing, as I was tired of doing it for them.
Stacy looked like shit, and she smelled like she had vomited during the night. No doubt the
taste of her friends snatch was doing little for her. I removed the collars and handcuffs from
them, and directed Vicky to return her clothes to their respective bins and then head for the
shower. I intended to use her further today. I had incredible desire for her. she was new and
fresh and everything I did to her brought horror to her eyes still. Stacy of course was beyond
all that, she would flop down on the floor and fuck for me anytime I asked, almost without
hesitation. The terror that once filled her eyes was long since removed by my repeated rapes and
abuse.

	Stacy was still kneeling before me, she was rubbing her hands together trying to get some
feeling back into them, from her previous long night bondage. Her eyes were tired from lack of
sleep. She looked at me and spoke softly. "Can I have something to eat Darling?" I didn't answer
her, I walked to the tiny fridge and removed a hot dog that was laying there. It had some
surface mould developing on it, but I didn't mind. She wouldn't either. She was still rubbing
her hands when I handed the cuffs back to her. She placed her hands behind her back and
refastened them together. With this done I rubbed the hot dog across her face, teasing her with
the prospect of food. I soon had her head tilted back her mouth clutching at the dog, trying to
suck it into her mouth. Her pleading mouth was quite erotic. I let her take a small bite from
the tip of the hot dog. It was a very small bite. I took the hot dog and balanced it on her
nose. "I'm gonna have some fun with whore first. If you're a good little bitch and you manage to
keep it  balanced on your nose while I'm using her, then I may let you eat it. How does that
sound cunt?" "That's wonderful Darling." She was careful not to move her head too much in
answering the question, lest she topple her reward so soon in the test.

        By this time Vicky was just stepping into the shower to clear herself up. I watched as
she began to clean herself with the penis shaped dildo. It was still quite humiliating for her.
Even the instrument that she craved that would clean her up was shaped like my cock, and was a
constant reminder of the torments to come. I watched her for a few moments more before I left
the women alone. I went to the bedroom chamber to begin preparing for the session with Vicky.

	This session would require minimal equipment. I arranged about a dozen candles and lit them and
laid out a mat for her to perform on.

I had covered the walls with some mirrored panels. This way when I had her performing she would
be staring at herself being humiliated and used. She couldn't keep her eyes closed throughout
her entire performance. This way I could see her heart breaking reflected in her own eyes. The
lights were switched out and I waited for her, still dressed and waiting for her to enter
sitting on a comfortable easy chair.

	This time she entered on cue, she had prepared herself exactly as I had specified. Her hair was
pinned up exposing her neck and her delicate throat. I could see her catching her breath as she
entered. The tendons in her throat were prominent and holding up the faux pearl necklace that I
had left for her to wear for me. It had several strands of artificial pearls that were acting in
effect as a choker on her. She had matching earrings and a matching bracelet. Aside from these
items she was completely nude. Her feet were not bare, she was wearing very high heels that were
fastened to her feet by delicate ankle straps that were locked on her ankles by tiny functional
padlocks. She no doubt could have torn these off with some effort. The tiny padlocks were more
of a mental reminder that anything. Her hair was of course still platinum blonde and would
remain that way for the remainder of her days. A constant reminder of her status, or rather her
lack of status. My eyes trailed down her flawless body till I reached her pelvis, which was
still nude of hair like the rest of her. Her right hand was demurely shielded behind her thigh,
and was holding the single item that I would allow her to wear for this session.

	After I finished my visual inspection of her I flicked on the ghetto blaster. The music I had
chosen would more closely be described as Musak. It was soft drippy stuff that you hear on bad
videos, designed to relax you. It was nevertheless well suited to the scene that I had
constructed. She smiled at me, a terrible false smile that prom queens and beauty pageant
contestants force on their faces, and began to slowly sway to the music. She soon was in a
trance with her eyes closed, no doubt grateful to no longer view her surroundings, or me her
tormentor. She moved her body over to the mat and slowly curled herself to the ground. The item
she held in her hand, the item that I was allowing her to wear, that I was insisting she wear
was a flask of scented oil. She removed the glass stopper and began by pouring a generous amount
of the oil over her chest, which then flowed down her body over her breasts slowly downward
across her belly and curled in amongst her hairless crotch. Her skin began to shimmer in the
reflected light offered by the candlelight. She gently placed the glass flask down on the floor
and began to spread the oil across her body. My eyes drank in her beauty. I watched as she
caressed her breasts and then stared dumbly at her as her hands began to travel down her body to
her shapely thighs. Watching closely I could see the flesh pressed between her fingers as her
hands became more insistent. "Pinch your nipples for me, I want to see them getting hard." She
complied. "Pinch them harder." She winced but she did it, soon her nipples were as hard as I
was. "I haven't decided where I am going to fuck you this time whore." By this time she had
turned her back toward me and was spreading oil across her back and across her ass. Her fingers
were delving between her cheeks exploring her body for me just as I wanted. "Yeah I might fuck
you in the ass, you certainly seemed to like it yesterday." She continued to spread the oil
across her self. By now she had complied with my monologue and had assumed the knee chest
position, in preparation for my inevitable assault. "I certainly am not going to fuck your face
whore....your such a lousy cock-sucker. I really don't know how I am going to do turn you into a
cock-sucking slut. There must be something I can do to motivate you."  

	She remained in this position as I glided up behind her. I replaced her hands on her ass with
my own. Quickly I was exploring her ass with my fingers. I inserted a single finger into her
ass, it was tight but the oil she had spread across her body eased the way. She reacted
predictably to this intrusion. She began to purr and coo, to try and please me. A few weeks
earlier her reaction at a man's touch would have made her react with repulsion. No doubt her
reaction was an act intended to please me, and reduce her torment. I decided to push her limits
and began to insert more fingers into her ass. I quickly inserted a second finger then a third,
and began to twist the digits in her ass. I could feel her resisting the urge to move away from
me, I jammed my fingers deeper into her and coiled my three fingers into a ball. A smaller
preamble of the fisting that I was soon to be giving her. She grunted then screamed at the pain,
she was however afraid to pull away from the pain. Afraid it would hurt further. She was right
to be afraid I would hurt her further. She bent her face around her shoulder looked at me, tears
were filling her eyes. "Darling I do the best I can. Please don't hurt me I'm trying. I'll do
whatever you want, just give me a chance." I straightened my fingers into her rectum, and tried
to add on more finger to the party. My pinky finger. It was incredibly tight but I managed to
make it inside her ass. "Now what were you going to do for me?" Through her pain filled clenched
teeth she managed to gasp that she would do anything for me. I made her repeat it again. "I'll
do anything you want Darling." With my right arm I added barehanded smacks to her tortured ass,
jabbing all four fingers of my left hand hard into her. She began to elaborate on her pledge.
"I'll do anything, as long as you want it, wherever you want it, over and over." I kept my
fingers buried deep within her. "You're such a useless fuck I don't know why I even bother.
Taking you in your mouth is a waste of time whore. You don't seem to be to adept at taking it up
the ass." I punctuated this remark with a brutal thrust of my fingers, this tore a grunt from
deep within her. Her hands flew to my forearm and took hold of my wrist to try and stop me from
forcing my whole hand into her. And them she said it, but it was only a whisper at first. "Fuck
me, please fuck me." I could hardly believe my ears, so I made her repeat them. "Fuck me
Darling, p-lease.." And keep repeating them louder and louder till she was screaming it out, and
I was certain that Stacey could here her friend begging to be raped by me. "If I keep fucking
you in your cunt whore, you're gonna get fucking pregnant." How useful do you think you are
going to be to me then, you stupid whore."

"I don't care Darling, please use me."

	I shoved her over on her back, she tumbled gracefully spreading her legs wide and invitingly,
she raised her arms above her head and arched her back, she kept her eyes closed displaying her
heavily made up eyes lids, her long false lashes brushed her cheeks. The heels that I had
mandated she wear helped prop up her hairless oily vagina, providing me with a tempting target
to take. She was trying to make herself tempting for me. Tempting enough to avoid punishment,
which was surely to be worse than yet another fuck. I would fuck her hundreds of times. Each
time would be less significant than the time preceding it. In short she would get used to it.
Pain however, intense pain you can never get used to, not entirely. Assholes working for,
torturing victims, for right-wing regimes in Central and South America knew this, from their
experience during the Eighties and Nineties. I knew that too, and I would make sure that she
knew that also. That she knew that in her soul. That would help to keep her in line, behaving
like the slut that I demanded she be.  

	I eased myself on top of her. I moved slowly, gently even as I insinuated myself into her
physical space. I was upon her, I pressed my body into hers driving the air from her lungs, as I
settled into the saddle. I made reach down and undo my pants and open her eyes so we could look
into each other as I took her, yet again. Her eyes were cold and hate filled. They were also
moist with tears that I had put there.

	I felt her trembling hands as she cradled my dick in her hands and aimed it at her center. I
pushed myself into her, the oils she had spread upon her body during the performance portion of
her ordeal eased the way into her. Soon I was buried into completely and was thrusting merrily
in and out of her. With each time that I rammed myself into her  she released a grunt. As I
raped her I took her hands and placed them on her breasts. "Grope yourself whore...pinch those
nipples and make them hard. You don't want me to think that you aren't having any fun do you?"
She shook her head no as she began to knead her breasts between her fingers. I pressed my face
close to hers and began to kiss and lick at her face. A trickle of my saliva ran down her cheek,
a preamble to the cum that would soon be running down her ass cheeks and filling her vagina. Her
private place that was supposed to be reserved for the one she loved. She was laying more or
less still. Aside from involuntary movements she was not moving her pelvis all that much. To
encourage her I slapped her face hard. That got her hips moving, up into me, her rapist. It also
got her eyes open and fixed in their hatred on my own. I wanted to laugh out loud at the look on
her face. But I couldn't, I had some fucking to do. I continued to slam into her, I was
delighted that each thrust was matched by a grunt from her. "Your not much of a fuck whore, you
better get better you don't want to drive me out of your bed and use the other cunt do you
whore?" Her eyes were still fixed on my own, thought they softened somewhat in their hatred. She
forced her mouth into a partial smile and cooed her response back to me. "Please Darling, use
me." She let out another grunt, and repeated "Use me." Each thrust into was accompanied by her
as the words became a chant of "Use me" I smelled her make up and cheap perfume mingling with
our perspiration. Her faux pearls were rattling as if they were chains binding her tightly to
me. All the while she kept up her chant of use me. She must have sensed that she was getting to
me, she kept it up. Kept whispering the words into, and licking my ear. I reared up within her
one more time. I had to be quick or I would cum. I pulled out of her and pinched my disk at the
base. I crawled up her oily body till I was sitting just below her chest. I clutched at her hair
with my left hand, the remaining pins in her hair were torn out. I angling her face till it was
just so. "Say it again whore." She was staring at the head of my dick as it pointed squarely at
her face. I saw her mouth begin the form the words before she actually spoke them. I relaxed my
grip on the base of my dick, As the phrase 'use me' passed from her lips one final time. My cum
leapt from the end of me as though it, my cum, had a mind of its own. As though my cum was using
me as a delivery vehicle. My hips were moving wildly as my cum struggled to escape me and
complete its trip to her face and lips. Most of it did just that, some landed on her chest and
the floor, but most landed on her face. As I began to come back to my senses, I looked down at
her. She had fallen backward and was laying flat on her back. I took one of her hands in mine
and made her point her finger. I guided her hand across her face scooping up the cum, and fed it
to her. She got the idea and was doing it on her own. She licked her lips sensuously and made
quite a show of the act. I lay down beside her and began caressing her body, from her neck to
her knees. I let my hand play freely across her body, I was sometimes rough, and sometimes
gentle. But I made a point to never be predictable.

	"I think I have a way to help you to become a better cocksucker. Would you like that?" She
moved her body closer to mine to mimic attraction, and replied to me. "I'd like anything that
you'd like me to like Darling." I went to the night table to retrieve from its drawer my latest
horror for her. She remained on the mat kneeling as I returned to her. I presented to her a tray
that was covered with a silk scarf. I sat on the chair and prepared to enjoy her reaction. She
drew back the scarf and found three items waiting for her on the tray. The first was a cork from
an ordinary bottle of wine. The second was a long needle that had been hollowed out, and the
last was a silver stud the purpose of which she grasped immediately. "Your going to pierce my
tongue for this stud aren't you Darling?" Her voice was filled with fear and trepidation. "You
almost got it right whore. All except for whose going to do it." I paused to reach for the video
camera and pointed it toward her, flicking it on again. "I'm going to watch while you pierce
your own tongue. You'd better do it right, and get it in the proper place the first time. I
wouldn't want you to have to do it twice." I focused the camera on her terrified figure. "Stick
your tongue out whore.." She did, it was long and pink. The addition of the stud to her tongue
would serve two purposes. It would of course help to improve her cocksucking, as well as serve
as a constant reminder of her plight. As if she needed any reminders.

	She was at a loss as to how to proceed, so I offered her some suggestions. "Place the cork on
the top of your tongue, and use the needle to penetrate your tongue from below." She followed my
direction and with her trembling hands she began to press the needle up through her tongue.
Almost immediately she began to bleat and emit near screams as the needle made its way into her
tongue. She could not continue pressing the needle into herself. It was too painful for her to
continue. Her hands fell to her legs in defeat. "Please Darling, would you please do it to
me....I can't do it...I'm sorry...it hurts to much....sorry Darling.."

	"You're not trying hard enough. Why don't you try again whore."

She moved her hands back to her mouth and stuck out her tongue to try again, but she failed. "I
try so hard for you Darling....I can't do this ...I won't do this." She was letting her
frustration at the task turn into anger and furthermore she was making a further mistake in
transferring this anger to me.

I switched of the camera and placed it on the floor beside the chair. I rose and walked over to
her. While I approached her, she recoiled in fear.. "Sorry Darling...please let me do something
else for you anything....anything." By this time I was near enough to touch her. The wrath she
expected from me was not forthcoming. I merely caressed her tear-streaked face and hair. She was
grateful to me. "Thank you Darling...I'll make it up to you...just let me know what you want me
to do and I'll do it."

	"Oh that's easy I want you to follow me." With that I gave a vicious yank to her hair and began
to drag her by her hair back into the dressing room through the curtain back to the room that
she prepared herself for me in. She never learns, I thought as I heard her screaming in pain as
her hair was tugging on her scalp. She had dropped the needle and cork on the floor as her hands
flew to her head to soften the pain from my hand.

I did not lessen the grip on her hair. Instead I walked over to a closet and  opened it to show
her what was inside. She looked into the closet through her tear filled eyes to see an upright
cage sitting in the closet. Compared with the cage the closet was spacious. I released my grip
on her hair to unlock the cage. She stood there shaking in fear. I swung the cage door open it
emitted an impressive rot iron squeak as it opened wide. I held out my hand for her, her eyes
darted from my hand to my face to the cage all the while her head was shaking back and forth
transmitting a no. She was about to give me her hand when she must have remembered the needle
and cork. She ran from me back to the bedroom chamber to fetch them. "I'll do it Darling, I'm
sorry ...I'm sorry." I chased after her and found her on her knees crawling about the room
looking for the piercing tools. Her obedience was of course too late. I dragged her screaming
back to the dressing room and fling her into the cage.  She was actually fighting me...and
pleading with me at the same time. I found it necessary to subdue her. I held her by her throat
choking her into a standing position in the cage. Her hands were clutching at my hand. This left
her belly exposed to my other hand. I caressed her belly wondering if even now she was pregnant
or not. I kneed her just once in her stomach. She coiled up into a ball I was still holding her
by her throat as her knees drew up off the floor in pain. She was gasping for air. I backed away
from her still holding her by her throat. I closed the door as far as I could before I released
her and slammed the door shut trapping her in the cage. She was still wearing her heels. They
were still locked in place about her feet. She was standing up in the case holding onto the bars
for balance. She only had a few inches on each side she had room enough to bend slightly but not
enough room to sit down without touching the bars. There was certainly not enough room to lay
down.

	I stood backand enjoyed my handiwork. A beautiful woman in a cage. All mine to enjoy. She was caged but not
subdued. She was furious. "You animal!" She even tried to spit on me. "You fucking
animal...you're never going to touch me again." She was shaking the cage in frustration. She
would have toppled it had I not bolted it securely to the floor. "I'm going to make you kill me.
YOU PIG!!  ...YOU'RE a fucking PIG." Her words trailed off as she was so out of control she was
only able to scream unrecognizable words at me. I walked away from her laughing. I found the
needle, cork and stud in the bedroom chamber and returned to her. I threw them at her. The items
bounced around the cage and landed at her feet in the cage. She looked at them, recognized them
and looked back at me. "FUCK YOU!!...WHY DON'T YOU SHOW THAT STUFF UP YOU ASS....I'M NOT GOING
TO DO IT...IM NOT GONNA DO ANYTHING YOU WANT ANYMORE." She never learns. I waited for her anger
to run down. It took several minutes before I could speak without being interrupted. "You are my
whore. You will remain as my whore...doing what I want whenever I want it, for as long as I want
it wherever I want you to do it, until I no longer want you. You will learn that over time. I
don't know how long it will take with you. Cunt was a quicker learner. You must be a lot more
stupid than she is." She did not respond to my speech. "You will pierce you tongue for me NOW
cunt! Don't waste my time." She looked at me now. "NO I won't you'll have to kill me. I will
never cooperate with you. EVER AGAIN." She spat at me again. This time she managed to hit me.
Her spit landed on my chest.

	"I think that I will soon have you begging me to let you serve me again whore. Oh well it
doesn't matter to me much. If you don't loosing you will not matter much to me. I always have
Cunt to play with. She's a lot better than you are anyway." She spat on me again, this one
landed on my face. She began to laugh delighted by her feelings of freedom and exhilaration at
doing what she wanted for the first time in weeks. I laughed too. I knew that she would soon be
my whore again. "Here's the clever part Whore." I reached into the closet and  swung open a
circuit breaker panel. Inside the panel there was a breaker labeled CAGE. I snapped it on before
she had a chance to react. She jumped away from the bars screaming again. I stood back to watch
the bewilderment and fear return to her. She shouted, "NO" She nearly touched the bars, but
remembered in time to fold her arms about her body instead. I picked up a broom handle that was
resting in the corner of the closet and menaced her with  it through the bars in the cage door.
She tried to defend herself from the broom-handle with her own hands. I kept pressing against
her trying to force her into the bars. "Please Darling." Soon afterward I pressed her against
the charged bars, and had her screaming in pain. I pulled the broom-handle away from her. "It's
the oil Whore. It conducts electricity and will enhance the pain for you." She looked at me her
eye burning with pain. "As soon as you want to be good again. Just bend over, if you think you
can make it, and pick up the stud. As soon as you finish piercing your tongue, you can press the
button in the ceiling. Then I'll come and let you out. I'll leave the light on so you can still
see. But I am going to close the door." I took one more look at her naked fantastic body. She
was still shiny and covered with oil. "Aren't you going to thank me Whore?" She turned away from
me and faced the rear of the closet. "You can thank me with your tongue later." I closed the
door, and locked her inside. Sooner or later she would fall asleep. Sooner or later she would
fall into the bars. Sooner or later she would realize she had no choice but to comply. Sooner or
later she would realize that she would have to obey me for as long as I would want to keep her
around. I was betting it would be later rather than sooner. But I had no doubt that she would
comply and press the button to summon me.

	The last time I saw Cunt she was dressed in her soiled lingerie, handcuffed, kneeling with a
moldy hot dog balanced on her nose as her reward. When I walked in and checked on her now the
poor dear had fallen over on her side. Obviously the hot dog had fallen off her nose, and she
had collapsed on her side. There being no reason for her to remain kneeling, having lost the hot
dog. I imagined that the scream of Whore had startled her enough that she lost the hot dog. Her
face was mere inches away from the wiener. I stepped on the wiener crushing it flat beneath my
shoe and picked her up by her arms till she was standing on her heel-clad feet. I removed the
cuffs. She began to rub the feeling back into her hands and revive them. I drew her head to me
with my hands and kissed her deeply. In her heels she was tall enough to kiss her without having
to bend over too deeply. I could feel her force her body to relax into contact with mine. I
guided her face over my body and forced her to lick her friends spit off my face and chest. As
she licked up the spit I gave her some orders. "Go put your clothes away, bring you iron collar
back here with you and get yourself cleaned up in the shower." She mumbled her 'Yes Darling' and
complied with the orders. I swatted her ass as she left the room, it was lovely framed as it was
by her garter belt. I had not planned on using her today, but the really great thing about this
game was how flexible my plans could be. I stepped toward the shower and adjusted the
temperature of the water to my liking and stepped in to the shower. A few moments later I looked
up to see Cunt standing there watching me. She was completely naked. I gestured for her to join
me. Without being prompted I felt her hands on my body soaping me up and cleaning me off. I
turned to give her access to all sides of my body. When she was done I stepped out and dressed
again while she continued to clean the days of grime from her body. She finished quickly and
stood before me waiting for instructions. I took the collar snapped it around her neck and
watched as she got down on her knees and crawled into the wall cell without a murmur of dissent.

	Upon arrival upstairs and back in the real world I checked my messages. The only message of
interest was one from a Mr. Haig. He was a lawyer who represented Mr. Potter. He has left a
number. I returned the call, mostly out of courtesy but I admit I was also curios as to what
they wanted. Mr. Haig explained that Mr. Potter wished to meet with me personally. As I listened
to the pitch I flicked on the monitor to Cunt's wall cell. In another time, a few months ago
this cunt was a woman. A woman in an unattainable social position. Now she would obey any
perverse demand I could dream up. If her husband wanted to meet with me I suppose that I could
make some time. After all I wanted to meet the man whose life I had saved. Mr. Haig was
delighted, after all he was used to getting his way. Another thing we had in common.

	I had just enough time to dress suitably when the car and driver arrived to take me to the
meeting. It took about two hours to reach the Potter mansion. It was on the opposite side of
town and the traffic was murder. The Potter mansion was a lovely Tudor house build overlooking
the ocean. I was familiar with its layout, despite having never entered the house before, from
my abbreviated surveillance of the former Mrs. Potter. I was whisked into the house and into the
study of Mr. Potter. I was left alone for several minutes. The room was what you would expect.
The walls were lined with books, there was a massive oak desk that dominated the room. Every
chair was leather and thickly padded. There was even a globe and a telescope that looked out
over the ocean. In short it reeked of old money. It was also an act. The books could never have
been read in a single lifetime. Potter spent most of his time in a wheelchair now, and I doubted
his eyesight was up to using the telescope. As I mulled these thoughts over in my mind I was
interrupted my Potter and his driver who was pushing his chair. A few moments later I was left
alone with the tycoon. He thanked me for coming on such short notice. "I wonder" he began "Have
you been keeping up with current events?" He gestured over to ward a stack of newspapers that
had been piling up on a table. On top was one of the tackier tabloid rags with the details of
his wife and her friend the attorney on the exposed page. I told him that I had. "That paper has
started referring to them as 'Thelma and Louise".

He snorted at the reference. "What do you think of that? Eh?" I thought for a moment before
responding. "I think they have to sell a lot of papers to make their investors happy." He nodded
in agreement with my answer. He was a man of few words and quickly got down to the topic of the
meeting. "About a week ago in Mexico on the gulf coast side, in a little town known as Ant�n
Lizardo a body washed up on shore." He paused to look up at me through his reading glasses. "She
was a white woman, pale, a redhead." He now had my interest I sat up in my chair and began to
take notice. "I'm told you know how to be discrete. I'm told you know how to keep things like
this out of the papers." Again he gestured to the pile of papers. I nodded my response, which
seemed to irritate him. "I want you to go there and find out if it is my Stacey that's down
there." "And I want you to keep it out of the goddamn papers. Can you do that? Will you do that
for me?" I looked at him carefully, the old fool still loved his wife, despite what she had
tried to do to him. It was certainly her that had put him into the wheelchair that her now
addressed me from. But still he had feeling for her. "I can do that for you Mr. Potter. But I
think it is only fair to tell you that if it is her I will have to inform the Police."

	He nodded that he understood. "Then it is agreed. There is a plane waiting for you at the
airport. It belongs to a good friend of mine. It has a crew and is waiting for you. I will want
you to leave as soon as possible. I though about his wife caged up in my dungeon, and about
Vicky caged up struggling with the demand to pierce herself for me. I could not leave Vicky like
that while I was away for a few days. Even being here meeting with Mr., Potter was dangerous.
"Mr. Potter I expect that I can leave within 24 hours will that do?" He looked disappointed with
my answer but her nodded anyway. The meeting dissolved and he saw me to the door. We were met at
the door by his driver and the newest addition to the Potter household, namely his new physical
therapist. The nurse that I had seen him with on TV. She was sporting a large engagement ring on
her finger. It was certainly from Mr. Potter. The stone was too big to be from anyone else. She
must be an excellent nurse. Not only was she helping him recover from his physical trauma. But
she was helping him forget about her predecessor. He could not marry this woman till his first
wife was out of the picture. He was eager to have Stacey declared dead. Looking over the nurse I
could not blame him she was quite lovely.

	All the while home I debated the decision I had to make. Could I really go off to Mexico for a
few days and leave Vicki in the cage all that time? She certainly would be obedient after the
ordeal, if she survived. Ideally I would stay here and send one of my flunkies off to Mexico.
But I couldn't could on anyone but myself to make the right decisions on this trip. By the time
I reached home I decided that I must go. But that I would wait the day that I told Mr. Potter I
would. When I checked on the women I found that my decision had been made for me. There was a
light on indicating that Vicki had already pressed the button. She had submitted already. I
entered the dungeon and opened the door. She was standing there, her shoulders had slumped down,
and her makeup was a mess. She had obviously shed a few more tears. "Hello Darling, I'm sorry
for the way I behaved." I nodded, eager to see were she was going to go with this. "I'm ready to
obey you...li like you want Darling." I looked down at the floor. The stud and piercing
equipment was no where to be seen. Under closer inspection her hands were curled into little
fists that were pressed against her flesh. She was rubbing them against herself nervously. "Open
your mouth whore." She did, there was no stud placed there. "Please Darling ... I'll do what.."
"Don't waste my time further whore." I cut her pleading off. "The next time I come down here,
you know what I want to see." With that I closed the door to the cell. As I did this she cried
out "Please...I'm Sor...I'm so sorry Darling...." And I knew she was too.

	I ignored her and busied myself with preparations for the trip. I packed a small suitcase,
large enough for a three-day trip. I couldn't see how it could last any longer than that. I
packed some cameras, and a fingerprint kit. If I was going to determine whether or not this body
was Mrs. Potter I would at least have to have some of the tools of the trade for the job. It was
only a few more hours later when I was interrupted in my preparation, by the light, and buzzer.
She had pressed the button again. I knew she was close to breaking. Her bargaining attempt had
indicated this much. I finished up what I was doing, poured myself a cold ice filled drink, and
made my way slowly down into the dungeon again. I reached the door to the cell all too soon and
opened it to reveal her to me again. I rattled the ice in my drink and sipped at it. "Well what
have you got to show me whore." She rose her head to face me and opened her mouth to show off
her latest body modification. She had done a good job of piercing her tongue. The stud was in
just the right place. I would not have to make her repeat it to place it right. There was a fair
amount of blood, which she had to keep swallowing. But it was less than I expected. With any
luck by the time I was back she would be ready to fuck and suck again. I nodded my approval, and
began to fumble with the keys. I switched of the juice, immediately she took hold of the bars to
steady herself. I opened the door to the cage. She made a move to exit it into my body. But I
blocked her way. She looked at me confused. I smiled at her. The smile of a man who knew what
was coming. I held up two tiny rings in my hands. Her blurry eyes struggled to focus on the item
I held, After she figured out what I was holding up for her, she struggled to comprehend what it
meant. I placed them in her hand. "Please put these in your nipples whore. You do still have the
needle and cork don't you whore." She nodded her head, and whispered her "Yes Darling." I took
another sip from the drink. She looked at the ice filled glass with near amazement, it had been
a long time since she had seen ice. I took a cube from the glass and offered it to her. "You can
rub this on your nipples, it should numb it." She nodded again and began to spread it across her
nipples. They became instantly hard and erect. They stuck out at though she was genuinely
aroused. Not even when I made her pinch and twist them did they get this pointy. She placed the
cork on one side and pressed into the aroused flesh and into the cork. She did it quickly, she
made only the smallest of squeals. She moved quickly feeding the gold ring into the newly formed
hole, and sealing in onto forever. The second nipple was harder for her the ice had numbed her
but  the effect had worm off by them time she began to press into the nipple. It was painful and
she cried out a few times. She had to stop, several times as well. But she persevered and soon
she had finished. I made her stand at attention so I could survey the rings. I pulled on them
slightly. They were indeed on for good. They were on straight too. I complemented her on her
efforts, let her go to the toilet and freshen up a bit. After that I placed the iron collar
about her neck and sealed her into the wall cell with her friend for the night. She crawled in
the cell and lay down with her back facing her slave friend. Stacey saw the rings dangling from
her tits as she crawled in, she comforted her friend for the few minutes before she fell asleep
from exhaustion. I turned out the lights and left them for the night. Actually I was leaving
them for a few days, but they didn't know that. I slept a few hours myself, checked on the sluts
and secured the house. I had arranged through my company to post a guard at the house 24 hours a
day until I returned. I waved to him as I entered the second car that I had arranged from my
company to take me to the airport.

	The plane was slightly more than I expected. It was a Gulfstream II that I had all to myself
for the brief flight to Mexico. The flight itself was uneventful. It was nice to avoid the chaos
and clutter of the regular boarding procedures of commercial air travel. Customs on both ends
was a breeze, and there was little security to slow me down. I was not accustomed to this jet
set style of travel. Despite the ease of this class of travel I did not arrive in time to meet
with the coroner. That would have to wait till tomorrow. I had arranged a room in the best hotel
in town. It was quite nice, it overlooked the beach where this unfortunate woman had drowned. As
I tucked myself in for the night I let my thoughts drift back to my captives and wondered how
they were doing, cooped up in the cramped wall cell in the dark. I had left them with enough
water for a few days. When they had to relieve themselves they would have to share a single
bedpan. If they went hungry, well then they would loose a bit more weight. They certainly would
not require much in the way of calories to sustain them. Thoughts like these danced in my head
as I drifted off to sleep.

	The next day I learned a little bit about how to tell time in Ant�n Lizardo. The appointment
that I thought that I had scheduled turned out to be an appointment that I had merely suggested.
To be truthful when you are the mortician in a small community and a bus full of pilgrims
manages to pitch itself off a cliff three hours into the mountains, well I could hardly blame
him for canceling our meeting. I tried my hardest to be a tourist for the two days that it took
him to return to his office, but I was no good at it. I had never been able to take much of a
vacation. This combined with the tension of being away from my pets made it hard for me to
relax. The following day I did in fact get my meeting with the mortician Mr. Valdez. He was a
warm man with a quick smile despite his exhaustion from the long hours that he had put in due to
the bus crash of the previous day. I explained the purpose of my trip, he nodded his
understanding. When I asked to see the body to try and identify her he explained that that would
not be possible. "I am afraid that the body has already been disposed of. It has been cremated."
I gave him a puzzled look. He continued. "Ant�n Lizardo is a small town with a small budget. We
simply cannot afford to keep remains for very long. Proper storage is quite expensive." I
thought on this for a moment. "Surely you must have kept some form of records, some pictures,
some tissue samples?" Before I could finish he was nodding yes "Yes we have all that." He
muttered something to the receptionist. I do not know how to speak Spanish. Then he turned back
to me. "I have much to do still Rosa will show you all that we have." I was shown into a small
storage area. On one wall there were files in some cabinets and on the other side were some
shelves with all manner of horrors catalogued on them in preservative fluids in jars. Rosa was
not too helpful, but I eventually found the proper file. There was a single Polaroid that was
affixed to the record with a paper clip. It was a one-page report. The picture could have been a
picture of anyone. If I squinted enough it could have been a picture of me. The body was bloated
like she had been in the water for a couple of days. Her hair was red, but it was plastered to
her scalp, and could just have easily been brown. I found the section on the report that deals
with distinguishing marks, there was a mention of a tattoo but no picture or description of it.
There was a case number on the file folder that corresponded with an envelope on the shelf. In
the envelope was a vile of blood and a hair sample. It was a simple matter to place these meager
items in my briefcase. I thanked Rosa and told her I had taken the items with me and that I
would courier them back after I had tested them. She nodded vacantly at me and said OK and bye
bye, a couple of times. The coroner was nowhere to be found. In a few more hours I was checked
out of the hotel and returning home, again on the same plane. All in all it was a pleasant
weekend trip to Mexico. By the time I returned home it was late I would meet with Mr. Potter the
next day.

	The first thing that I did was to check on the women. I did this through the camera that I had
focused on the wall cell. I needed have worried they were fine. Though it looked as thought they
had had a fight. Stacey had a cut on her chin and a bit of a black eye. No doubt Vicki had taken
out some of her fury on her equally helpless friend. I had the rest of the evening to make my
plan come together. I went into the dungeon to release the sluts. They both were actually
relieved to see me. They had never gone for so many days with out contact from me. Their eyes
adjusted slowly to the light, I let them both stretch and get something to eat.

"Okay whore get in the shower." She did that left me and cunt together. "Follow me" I walked out
into the bedroom chamber and into the basement of the house. She hesitated at the doorway to the
basement. "Come on cunt, I'm not going to hurt you, much." She breached the doorway and followed
me along obediently upstairs into the kitchen. She was amazed to see the house again. The last
time she made it this far was when she had made her escape attempt. I was pretty sure she would
not try that again. I took her by her arm and led her into my bathroom. I sat her on the toilet
and began to fill the tub. She was watching my every move fearfully. Soon enough the tub was
empty. I removed my clothes and straddled the edge of the tub with one leg in the water and the
other on the bath mat. I gestured for her to kneel on the bathmat. I held a pair of handcuffs up
to her face and ran them back and forth across her face a few times. When I stopped she reached
for them and soon she had her wrists secured behind her back again. I took her head in my hand
and began to force her head into the water. I held her head in the water, till she began to
struggled for air. After a few more seconds and a few more scrams and their bubbles rose to the
surface I pulled her head, gasping for air out of the water. Before she could mumble a few
pleases I shoved her head in the water again and repeated the process. This time I left her in
the water longer before I pulled her out. As she gasped for air.. she managed to get out "Sorry
...sorr Darling." I pulled her into the bedroom and removed the cuffs. There was a plain white
sheet on the bed. The lighting in the room was a harsh bare bulb in the ceiling. "Lay on your
back on the bed." She quickly hurried to comply. I took a Polaroid camera in my hand, pointed it
at her face, and checked appearance in the frame. She was looking back at me with wide fearful
eyes. I positioned her head as the mystery woman's head in the mortician's picture was in. "Play
dead cunt." She nodded her eyes closed and her jaw hung slack.

I took the entire packet of pictures. They fell onto her nude body as I kept snapping away. Her
passivity, her submissiveness was intensely arousing to me. I had to resist the erection that
was pointing at her as she lay there. She noticed my erection and she spread her legs
invitingly. She reached up with her hand, slowly not wanting to offend me and took my erection
in her soft hand. She slowly began to masturbate me. I watched her face transform itself from
the fearful woman into the seductive playful slut that I wanted to create. It was difficult to
tell who was more eager, so convincing was her performance. We joined into one, there was no
baby oil slathered on her cunt this time but it did not matter. I entered her easily, and
completely. Her artificial groans joined

in my genuine ones and filled the air in my bedroom. I let my hands roam across her body. I
started at her knee, and let my hand coil around to the back of her leg. I puled her leg hard

into my body. The touch of her skin was hot. I let my hand travel up the back of her leg till it
reached her left cheek. I squeezed her rear in my hand trying hard to crush the globe between my
fingers. It had the desired effect. Like whipping a horse to further exertions, my hand spurred
her on to further efforts. Her hips were pumping up into me, matching each thrust into her. I
let my hand wander to her asshole. I fed my fingers into her ass penetrating her deeply. As I
fucked her I pressed my finger upward, so I too could feel it on the bottom of my cock. She had
wrapped her hands around my body and was pressing me into her breasts. The enhanced tits were
being squished flat between our sweat soaked bodies. She smelled musky this time, it was a
natural smell without the artificial contribution of cosmetics or perfumes. I pressed deeply
into her one final time and held myself still and unmoving as deeply inside of her as I could
get. I was close to coming but I held myself still inside her. I let her do all the work from
this point onward. I made her buck and grind herself up into me till I went over the edge. Soon
I could hold still no longer, and I jammed myself around inside her till the climax ended. I
fell to the bed laying beside her, my body half covering hers till I drifted off to sleep.

 It wasn't a sound sleep by any means but she didn't know that. After a few minutes of my
slumber I could feel he squirming out from beneath me. I let her slip from beneath my body,
letting he think I was still asleep. Soon she was free of me, and I let her slip from the room.
She turned the corner and was gone. I quickly rose and threw on a pair of sweat pants. She
didn't get far I didn't let her. "Goin some place cunt?" She whirled around startled, and
quickly turned her gaze to the floor. "Yes..yes Darling.. I wanted   no I needed to go to the
bathroom please. Please  Darling will you tell me where the bathroom is?" It was a lie by I
didn't care. I made her follow me to the washroom. I watched her sit on the toilet and  try to
pee. She did manage to squeeze out a few drops of urine. She stood up, she had been living
without toilet paper for a while now. I had to remind her to wipe herself off with the roll of
paper. Normally she would have just had a shower following going to the toilet. I went back

to my bedroom to wait for he to return to me. When she came in I was sitting on the end of the
bed. She stopped in the doorway. I pointed to my disk. "You didn't clean me up afterward." She
fell to her knees and crawled forward between my legs. She ran her hands up and down my thighs a
few times, rubbing the skin softly, as she tossed her head about, flipping her hair from side to
side On one of her hands trips up my leg she took told of my semi hard cock and began to bring
it back to life with her practiced touch. She started kissing, and licking her way from my knees
upward slowly. She reached her goal and took me into her mouth with a playful suck of air. She
retreated soon after to merely holding the head of my cock in her mouth, whilst  whirling her
tongue freely around the end. She used both of her hands to hold onto the remaining shaft and
balls while she purred with content around the tip. It promised to be the best she had ever done
to me. She was bobbing up and down on me freely now. "You want to be my favorite, don't you
cunt?" She grunted her assent and kept moving this time faster and faster on my erection till
her head wasw nothing more than a blur. Soon I was coming into her mouth. She let it fill her
mouth but did not swallow. She withdrew herself frmo my cock, holding it up waving it in the air
like a flagpole. She let the mess drool out of her mouth and back down on my cock so she could
impale her mouth on me again and slurp it up yet again. She tried har dto coax another erection
from me but was unable to do so. My cum was the only thing she had had to eat in days. I took
her to the kitchen, sat at the table. She shifted nervusly on her bare feet. "You feel like some
breakfast cunt?" Her eyes brightened considerably. "Go ahead make it for us." She went ahead and
made a traditional heart attack on a plate breakfast for us. Bacon eggs, toast with lots of
butter. She made mine first, and I started to eat will her naked body  padded around the
kitchen. She was sitting on my left side while she ate. She was ravenous, the use of food as a
control was turning out to be a great motivator, at least for her. Her shiner and cut of her
chin got me thinking again. I took hold of her face to examine her slight shiner and this cut.
"Did whore give you those." She nodded her chin still held by my hand. "How come." She finished
chewing and swallowing her latest mouthful of food before answering. "The wall cell, well it's
really small Darling. We kept bumping into each other." She paused then continued fearfully.
"Her nipples are really sore, you know from the rings you made her put there." I interupted. "So
she put you in your place." She nodded then responded. "Yes Darling. I didn't hurt her on
purpose. Its just so tight in the wall cell. There's not enough room in there for two Darling.
Can I please stay up here...with you." I shook my head no. "Clean up the dishes, then do the
floor cunt." She rose and did just that. After the dishes were drying in the rack she quickly
found the bucket and was soon down on her hands and knees scrubbing the floor. I sat there
drinking a hot cup of tea. The picture before me was delightful. This big titted whore, was
naked and on her knees scrubbing the floor. Her large tits were swaying back and forth as she
performed this task. It was the picture of domestic bliss. All that was missing was the
newspaper to read. I could not allow that however, she might learn of the survival of her
husband, the death of her lover and of her cross country flight from arrest with her lesbian
lover. I wanted her to learn these things, just not now. I watched as her finished the last
corner, her ass wiggling around invitingly. Her ass caused an idea to pop into my head, that I
would act put the next time that it needed cleaning. I would dress her in her finest lingerie
and sodomize her in the filthy suds on the floor. More nice symbolism there. Mind mind was
reeling with thoughts like these and others while she finished and kneeled in the corner,
catching her breath. I walked over to a desk in the corner and approached her with some
scirrors. She was fearful at first but her fear converted to curiosity as I took a lock of her
hair. It was a six in long piece that I then placed in a envelope. The last thing I would need
from her I took from her in the master bathroom. I vial of her blood. After I had her secured in
the wall cell in the dungeon, and made sure that whore was healing alright and had been fed. I
could finish my preparation.

	I cleaned and sterilized with boiling and bleach the vial that I had recovered from Mexico. I
placed her blood and hair samples with the Senior Valdez report. Of the ten pictures I took a
few were suitable for the replacement of the picture with the report.

	The next day I presented my report to Mr. P{otter. Despite hearing what he wanted to hear he
was clearly devastated. He really was a silly old fool. Here he was mourning the loss of a woman
who had tried to kill him and take everything from him. A woman who had been likely scheming
this since she had agreed to marry him. A woman who was unfaithful to him. A woman who's pussy
juices were even now smeared all over my crotch. A woman who I now owned, and would own for as
long as I wanted. "Mr. Potter I have forwarded a coroners report to a lab who can do some DMA
testing to rule out all doubt. If she has had any recent surgery I expect that the hospital may
have a tissue sample that the hair and blood samplea can be compared to." He nodded through his
tears. "She has had some cosmetic surgery in the years that we where together. I'll arrange the
release of any materiels that are available."

	I let the news sinks in before I continued. I was genuinely shocked at the reaction of this
man. "Mr. Potter I also have a coroners picture of the body." I reached into my pocket and
withdrew the photo. I offered it to him. Before I could ask if it was her, he blurted out that
yes indeed it was his wifes body. I smiled to myself and though that no it was my cunts body. I
finished up my report with the news that if indeed the lab could confirm that it was his wife
that I would have to report it to the police. "They would need to be informed, so that they can
call off the search, at least for Stacey." He looked shocked. "But the papers... they'll parade
her across the pages and disgrace her even further."  This wimp of a man was really starting to
get to sicken me. "I have a contact in the department, I will arrange it so he gets all the
credit. He will not object, indeed he may even get a gold shield out of the notariety." Good ol'
Harv. He would be retireing soon. And this plumb of a discovery would certainly help his
pension. Afterward I would offer him a job with my security firm. It would certainly enhance my
firm to have such a noted detective on the payroll. "My friend will do all he can to keep the
details from the media. You had confidence in my discretion. This is how I can ensure that
discresion. I rely on friends who can be discreet." Mr. Potter understood and nodded his ascent.
I had to go it was time for him to spend another session with his therapist. I had no doubt that
she would soon have him up...and walking again that is.

	It would take the lab a week to confirm the result that I alone aalready knew. Around that time
I expected to have the guest house portion completed and the girls moved into their newer more
spaceiosm. permanent home. The fee that Mr. Potter paid me went along way toward funding their
new dungeon.


There will be only one more episode to Trophy Wife coming. If you have comments, good or bad
please send them along to
special_kwa@hotmail.com

Here's wishing you all a healthy fantasy life.

And a Merry Christmas, Happy Hanukka, Happy Kwanza, Festive Ramadan Celebrations. To any
believers that I have omitted, my sincerest apologies.

If you have any Mr. Hanky sightings let me know. I'd like to believe in something.

Thanks to all who have written. Your kind comments are appreciated. I do answer all emails, it
may take me a day or two but I will reply.

Here's wishing you all have a healthy fantasy life.




Trophy Wife
Part 7

	If any of you have ever renovated you know how time flies, especially when you are having fun.
It took nearly three weeks to build the new guesthouse with the chamber beneath the
prefabricated structure. During that time I had continued to work on the women, turning them
from best friends into perfect little animals. Perfect little slut animals competing with each
other for food, shelter, and my cum. With Stacey it was easy to keep her motivated to perform
for me. Once I found out what would keep her in line. While it was true that she would rather
die than be in the same room with me, the threat of replacing her with her sister was always
enough to keep her in line. With Vickie it was a little more difficult, she was constantly
defying me, fighting me and resisting me at every step. She too would rather be dead than let me
touch her. Constant torture was used to keep her motivated. Whenever I raped the two of them at
the same time I always made sure that I kept my dogs in the same room. If they ever got the
upper hand on me I could always mutter a command to the dogs and they would be shredding the
girls before much harm came to me.

	This time was no different and I had the dogs chained up in the corner again. I addition to the
dogs I had scattered about some big floor pillows for the sluts to perform for me on. As always
I had a video camera pointed at each slut. When they had finished preparing themselves and
laying themselves upon the pillows they each found a small pail each holding three dildos. There 
was a small dildo, a medium one and a very large one. 

They were both naked, save for their high heels, tons of slutty makeup and their jewelry. Vicky
of course was wearing her piercings in her tongue and nipples, as she would for the remainder of
her days. They both sat their passively looking at the floor avoiding each other's eyes as well
as mine.

	I let my eyes travel over their bodies, they were still both extremely beautiful women, despite
my harsh treatment. Stacey, having the more pale skin always bore some evidence of my use of
her. For example I could still see the bruises on her breasts from a few days ago when I took
her with particular vigor. Vicky too bore some marks from my use of her, her thighs and rump
were still faintly lined from the most recent corrective session with her.

	"I have decided that this dungeon is not big enough for the both of you. I have decided that
one of you will have to go." They were now clearly terrified, while they would rather die than
live like this they were also equally sure that the death I had in mind for them would be
ghastly. "I have further decided that a competition will be used to decide who will get to stay
and serve me." They had both sat up straight and perked up their attention when the seriousness
of the session dawned on them. "Each of you, grab the smaller dildo now." They both reached into
their pail and withdrew their tool. "Each of you has ten minutes with your rubber lover begin
now." They simultaneously fell onto their rear and spread their legs for their hands.

"Before you begin I want you two sluts to kiss." They did, they rolled toward each other and
their bodies melted into each other's without shame. They shared a kiss, their tongues probing
into each other's mouths. Afterward they rolled back onto their pillows and began to assault
their own bodies for my amusement, and for their continued survival. It was beautiful, I could
not decide where to keep my eyes. No only was it difficult to decide which whore to look at but
it was equally difficult to decide which body part of which slut to look at. Mostly I was drawn
to movement, I followed their hands as they traveled over their lush bodies. They had both by
now easily penetrated their vaginas with the smallest dildo and began to thrust in and out of
themselves. I could see the slickness begin on each of them. Soon, too soon really the ten
minute episode was over. A buzzer sounded to end the first of a possible three sessions. The
women stopped and began to come back to Earth. Their breathing returned to normal, and their
senses slowly returned them to their present location. I went to the cupboard and returned to
the women with a set of scales that I placed between them. I reached my hands out to them and
spoke. "Hand me the dildos." They both  of course did and I placed them on the scales. This time
the residue that Stacey had placed on the dildo, weighed slightly more than that which Vickie
placed on the dildo. The scale tipped ever so slightly in her favor. "Congratulations Cunt you
have won round one." She smiled sweetly at me and said her Thank you Darlings. A blind man could
see the hatred that lay behind her eyes. I offered her a pair of stockings and garterbelt for
her to wear, as her reward for winning the first round. They were black in color. I find that
for Redheads I like Black or Green. For Blondes I prefer White, Red or Black. She uncoiled her
legs and began to roll the silk up her legs. Her hands were quite practiced at doing this
smoothly now alter her months of captivity. Soon she had encased her legs in the trappings of
femininity, and replaced her shoes on her feet.

	After a few more moments to recover I had the women move on to the second dildo, the medium
sized one. As they began to insert the second one into themselves I watched for a moment and
moved the first small one to the rear entrance on Stacey's body and inserted it. Her eyes flew
open and she let out a gasp as her rear became accustomed to it entrance. I swung around to
Vicki and found her watching Stacey and me through half closed eyes, as she continued to
penetrate herself. I moved to her side and inserted her smallest dildo up her rear as well. Soon
they had both adjusted to the invasion and kept up their rhythm of their own imposed self-abuse.

I could hear the silk on Stacey legs rustle against her other leg and turned my attention back
to her to see that she had closed her legs tightly on both her hands. Her one hand was quickly
diddling her clit while the other hand was twisting the dildo deep inside herself. I crawled my
self to the top of her form. She was oblivious to my presence, to lost in her own world to
notice. The sound of my zipper coming down meant something to her. It meant that I expected to
use her soon, I expected to be serviced and that she better be damn good. My erection fell from
my pants think and heavy. I sought her mouth, being the only orifice that she had readily
available to me. I maneuvered myself near her mouth, she tiled her head back giving me access to
her mouth and throat. I dove forward into her mouth deeply, surprising myself at the ease of
which my member disappeared into her face. The angle she held her head gave me unparalleled
access to her. She was soon choking on my cock unable to get a clear breath, my nuts were after
all pressing up against her nose. Her tits were ready-made handles that I took full advantage
of. I squeezed them hard, and began to saw in and out of her mouth. I looked down at Vickie, my
whore and found her still masturbating herself, desperate to win this round or else she would be
eliminated, literally. Her desperation and excitement fueled my lust and I soon was ignorant of
Cunts feelings, and was fucking her face freely. I pinched her nipples hard and wrenched a
scream from her mouth, which temporarily removed the pressure of her tongue from my cock. I
pinched her tits harder still to get to start sucking again. Her hands flew up to her tits and
covered my hands with her own, seeking relief. To late she realized her folly, with another
twist of my cruel fingers her legs braced on the floor, slightly spread. I could see the dildo
pressing out from her snatch as it was being forced from her by her muscles. Before she could
catch it, it had fallen from her body and slid down her rear and rolled a foot away from her on
the floor. A groan of desperation escaped from her lips around my cock. It tickled most
delightfully. I moved myself from her except for the head of my cock that she kept tonguing
feverishly. I gripped my cock in my hand and finished myself off into her mouth and shot a few
blobs on her face. I did this so that my Whore would not feel left out. I would later have her
lick it off her face.

	Naturally Vickie won the round there was no contest really as most of the cunt juice that Cunt
had put on her dildo had evaporated or been rubbed of onto the pillows and floor. "Congrats
Whore, you won the second round, put these on." I handed her the stockings and garterbelt this
time. She swung her legs around and slithered into them for me. I moved back to my observation
position siting on the end of the bed looking down at the two of them. I was swinging the
matching bra to their ensemble on my finger. They were watching me swing it back and forth to
and fro between the two of them. "Who wants to wear this?" I teased. In stereo they both
answered "I do Darling."

	I leaned over and took the dildo that Cunt had used, from the pan on the scale and pressed it
against Whore's lips. She parted her lips slightly and admitted the artificial phallus into her
mouth. I next inserted the other dildo into the Redheads mouth. She slutted it up like a good
girl. I can always count on her to ham it up for me. I pushed them down on their backs with my
feet. "Round three sluts, all the marbles are now on line." They reached for the third dildo and
they both began to insert the largest phallus into themselves and nearly the same time. "Isn't
this exciting." They both grunted their response around their dildo filled mouths. Whore was
soon humping her hips up into the massive third dildo. I could see that her muscles were
straining hard around the number three tool. The one plugged into her ass was poking out with
every hunch of her pelvis. She had moved her free and up to her nipples and was tugging on the
ring placed through her right nipple. The two women turned their respective faces toward each
other to check out the competition. They were both in about the same state of arousal. They were
covered with perspiration and they bodies were shinning beneath the lights of the video cameras.
Despite having just raped Cunts mouth their performance, their desperation was causing my cock
to twitch back to life again. The winner was going to get a reward. I heard the timer finish the
ten-minute session with a buzz. "OK you bitches put the cocks on the scales now." They both
moved quickly to comply. Cunt managed to reach the scale and deposit her dildo first. Whore
placed her's on the scale last. We all watched the scale closely. The needle swung back and
forth a few times before coming to rest pointing to Whore by less than the width of the needle.
She had won the right to stay. I threw the bra at her and she twisted her arms behind her back
to fasten it on her frame. She looked down at it with pride in her eyes. She had really earned
something that she wanted. Relief flushed her face and the tears began to flow from her eyes.
They were tears of relief. She believed that she was spared a slow painful death, at least for a
while longer. There was a price to pay however, she would now be the exclusive victim of my
complete lust for the foreseeable future.

	Cunt was crying too but on the other hand was justifiably devastated. In her opinion she had
just been given a death sentence. It didn't matter that she thought that the test was an unfair
one. The second dildo has effectively not counted. She likely would have won on the second dildo
had I not interfered by forcing the issue. Specifically by forcing my cock down her throat.

To her credit she did not try to claim this to preserve her life. She did however try to bargain
with me. Especially when I pointed my handgun at her. "Please Darling, can you please give me a
second chance. I know I can make it good for you. I know you like to be with me ...I mean use
me. I know that I don't deserve it."

 	I was doing my best to ignore her pleas for mercy. I reached into my shirt pocket and handed
her a pair of pills in foil that I had been keeping there. I tossed them at her. She stopped her
begging and unwrapped the pills. "You an choose Cunt. You can choose to take the pills or take
the lead." I pointed the gun at her face, her beautiful face. She was fearful I was going to go
after her sister after I killed her. She began to plead again. "I'll do anything that you want
just give me a chance, please." She began to inch her way closer to me and was soon rubbing
herself enticingly against my legs. "But you already have done everything. And quite well I
might add." I was looking into her eyes. "Why don't you tell her who won Whore." She perked up
immediately smiling broadly. "I DID!" She virtually shouted it as she crawled over to me and
began to rub her breasts against my left arm. I turned to face her and kissed her deeply. An
owners kiss, not a lovers. She purred against me. I put my arm around her and pull her into me
tightly forcing the air from her lungs. She kept heaping affection upon me and kept kissing and
licking at my face. Her left hand found it way to my exposed cock and began to play with my
erection. Cunt ignored her former best friend and continued her entreaties. "I'm sure that I can
keep you interested in me." She glanced over to the dogs, her implication clear to all of us. I
pretended to consider the proposal for a moment. Then looked at her. "If I had wanted to turn
you into a dog slut. You'd be one by now." I roughly pushed her back into the pillows. She fell
back with a thud. By the time she looked up at me I had put Whore between my legs facing her
friend. I had placed the gun in her hand, it was trembling but it was pointed at her former
friend. I reached my hands beneath Whores arms and began to squeeze her tits in my hands.  "Last
chance to choose Cunt, take the pills or take the lead."

	"I choose the pills Darling."

I nodded at her, and began to pull on the rings in my new best girl's tits. She popped them into
her mouth, and swallowed them quickly, before she could say another word. I recovered the gun
from Whore's hand. Cunt looked at us one last time. "Will you tell me something Darling?" Sure
thing Cunt, what do you want to know?" "My Sister, please tell me you'll leave her alone." She
had fallen to her side now and her eyes were closed. But I knew she was still alive and could
hear me. "That's up to Whore, if she keeps my attention I don't expect I'll have time for your
sister." Whore responded for both of us. "I'll keep you interested, her sister won't do anything
that I won't do Darling."

	Cunt curled up in a near fetal position, and stopped moving.

	I was still tugging on the rings in Whore's tits. "You feel like some Whore?" She forced her
body back into my and wiggled against me provocatively answering me more completely that words
ever could. I picked her up and placed her on my lap. She reached around behind her and pointed
my erection at her ass, sitting down on me enveloping me completely till her cheeks pressed
against my legs. I lay back on the bed and watched as she moved up and down on me. I let her
fuck me for a few minutes till she got her rhythm and began moaning in pantomime lust. At that
moment I began to rub the muzzle of my gun up and down her spine. She shuddered and shivered but
kept on moving up and down on my erection. She knew that I would not shoot. Not the gun anyway.
She knew that her death would not be as easy and painless as her friends when the time came.

	I watched her perfect form glide up and down my length. I could not see her face from this
position, which was a pity. I was sure its countenance would not match the lusty sounds that she
was generating. After a few more minutes she had me bucking up into her. Causing further gasps
and grunts to escape from her lips.

	I used the gun to push her off my erection. She stood with her back to me. I savored her beauty
and discomfort for a moment. She wagged her ass at me a swayed gently back and forth. "Turn
around and face me Whore." She did as she was told. She stood before me looking downward at the
floor. "Your mouth." She knelt down between my legs and used her mouth on me. It was the first
time that I had let her do this without the protection of the ring gag. I needn't have worried.
The further indignity of an unfettered blowjob. Even one that had the unique taste of her own
ass applied to it.

	Soon she was pumping the remaining drops of my cum from my cock into her mouth and licking it
off my cock cleaning me like she knew I liked and expected. The fire engine red lipstick that I
had forced her to wear had been long since smeared off her lips and streaked all over her face
and me. She kept licking and sucking on me till my erection had completely subsided and all that
remained was a small non-threatening cock. A shadow of the former erection. She sat back on her
heels waiting obediently for further orders . She used her forearms to rub away the residue of
the blowjob from her face.

	"Go and fix your face Whore...When you get back I gave a surprise for you."

She tumbled obediently off to the dressing room to repair the damage done to her hair and makeup
for me. While she was gone I readied her surprise. She returned looking fresh and radiant in
about ten minutes. If I had not done what I just done to her there would have been no hint of
what she had just gone through. She found me examening a new horror for her. I was opening and
closing a stainless steel pair of forcep like pinchers. At the business end of the tool there
were some tiny holes that I had dilled through the clamps. "Lay down on the bed and spread your
legs as wide as you can." She sat on the edge of the bed, and slid herself up into position. Her
silk clad legs whispered across the sheets. She spread her legs wide, but I chided her for her
actions anyway. "I bet you can open your legs wider than that Whore." She smiled a twisted
little smile back at me and forced her legs and inch or two wider still. I pressed the end of
the instrument into her cunt and ran the cold surgical steel up and down the length of her slit.
Her legs tried to snap shut, reflexively but she managed to hold them back, open wide against
her natural instincts. I took hold of her right lip in the end of the tool and pinched the
device closed of the flesh. The tool clicked closed securely holding themselves closed to her.
The piercing needle was all too familiar to her. I passed it through the holes on the end of the
device. It made a neat and tidy hole through her. It made her scream out in pain, arching her
back high in the air as well. She did not close her legs to me though. I repeated the piercing
on  the lip on the other side of her vagina as well. There was some bleeding, though the clamp
kept that to a minimum with the pressure that it placed upon her delicate flesh. I picked up her
latest adornment and inserted it through her newest holes fastening in shut with a snap. She
winced through this portion of the process as I tugged on her wounded flesh completing the gift.
I stood back and up surveying my work. She had certainly changed since I took her. Gone was the
sophisticated professional, replaced by the Platinum blonde, lingerie clad pieced fuck toy. Her
hands slowly traveled down her body till they reached her crotch. She slowly began exploring
herself tentatively feeling around for her newest article of jewelry. She found it and began to
feel for its shape and dimensions. Her eyes closed with the revelation of what I had just taken
from her. When they opened again she was looking at me. The hatred in her eyes had been replace
with pleading supplication. I was holding up for her view, the key to the tiny padlocks that now
sealed herself till I decided to remove it. I explained to her that the padlock symbolized in a
most tangible way my ownership of her, as well as a method of birth control for her. I could of
course remove it and fuck her, but what would usually happen is that in my lust I would be
forced to behave like a river and take her through the path of least resistance. Namely her ass
or mouth. She cupped herself with her hands disbelieving what I had done to her. "Go make
yourself something to eat, and tuck yourself in for the night. You've had a hard day Whore, and
I expect that your tomorrows will not be any easier." She nodded and moved to get up. "You are
all alone in here now, and I'll be able to spend even more time with you now."

	I watched her pass through the curtain and heard her rustling around . I listened to her for a
few minutes more. I heard her removing her few articles of clothing.

	

	With that taken care of I picked up Stacey in my arms and left with her, locking the door
behind us. Once I got to the basement I placed her on a couch, and took her pulse. It was there
of course, I pried open one of her eyes. Her pupils were responsive to the light. "You can hear
me can't you Cunt?" I asked rhetorically. I knew she could still hear me. The drugs weren't
lethal but they were enough to immobilize her. I picked her up again, satisfied that I hadn't
given her too much. I took her to my bedroom for her to sleep it off. She was immobilized but
aware. If she had mot been used to the feeling of my cock inside her I would have fucked her
then and there. The though of her horror at being aware of being raped but not able to stop me
was arousing me all over again.

	After a few hours she began to come around. I began walking her on her unsteady feet to the new
building. "Time to take you to your new home Cunt." I walked her still naked and groggy past the
unfinished pool area. The hot tub portion was finished, but I had sacrificed the pool area to
finish the main structure as fast as possible. Another few weeks and I should be able to play in
the pool with my pets.

	We entered the building and I had to carry her to the back corner of the building, into an
empty 10x10 room. I let her collapse to the floor. Pressing a series of numbers on a security
keypad that I had affixed to the wall, the entire floor of the room began to descend into the
basement. It was very stable riding on the rails that were mounted into the wall. Soon we were
in the entry way to the basement. The layout was essentially the same as her previous dungeon.
Off of this room there was a large bedroom chamber. Right next to it was a room that I was
calling the Multi-Purpose Room. It was in effect the torture chamber. It had a cage that I had
electrified. There were some stocks, and padded saw horses that I could use to bind the women in
various position. I had stocked the room with cameras and whips as well. From the few visits I
had made to my local Amnesty International I learned of some other possibilities that I could
incorporate here. They were so very helpful answering all my questions. Specifically I had
installed an electrical generator with some clips for their more tender bits. And a brazier,
with some old fashioned branding irons. In front of this room was a dressing room with makeup
and hair station. Off to the side of this room was a smallish kitchen and laundry room. Just as
before there was a common bathroom with a shower, toilet, sink and bidet. Off of this room there
were three cells. In each cell was a small bed sitting flush with the floor. As before there was
only a bed pan, and a TV built into the ceiling. I had to provide some form of entertainment for
the bitches. Lest they go mad. On each cell there were two doors that closed them in. The first
door was a heavy steel door with a small slit door in the middle. This slit was for a food tray
to be sent in, should they be confined for lengthy periods to their cell. Opening this first
large door revealed another door. This one was an iron bar door that had a set of stocks build
into the door, which could secure the prisoners head and arms. It was set back about a foot from
the first door so that it could be closed without smashing her head. Stacey was missing most of
these fine points when I took her on her tour. She was still too groggy to drink all the finer
details of her new dungeon. When I menaced her with the branding iron she collapsed on the floor
and began a feeble swimming motion with both arms and legs. I jabbed her in her ass with it. And
she screamed hoarsly. If in fact in were hot she would be suitably marred by it. By happenstance
the iron that I picked up was from an old ranch that had existed nearby over a hundred years
ago. It was the brand of the Lazy W ranch, and featured a "W" that was resting almost on its
side. It was indeed a good thing this one wasn't hot. It suited Vicky more, what with her name
being Whore. After I marked her with it she would be the Lazy Whore. While the though made me
smile the actuality of the historical brand made it suitable only for show. It was far too
substantial an instrument for the delicate flesh that I possessed. I would have to make a more
refined, more delicate version for Vickie's Whore ass. I would make one for Stacey too, but hers
would likely be just for show. With Stacey I was not likely to modify her appearance as mush as
I had done to Vicki.

With Vicki I had made her change her hair color to Platimum Blonde, virtually white hair. I had
had her shave her crotch, and I had have her pierce herself in several intimate locations. I was
planning on some tattoos as well as a brand if she were bad enough to earn one.

	I got Cunt settled into her new cell. The cell I hoped would be the last cell I would ever need
to build for her. Here eyes were still glassy and she was still dissoriented. I decided she
would be useless for me till tomorrow.

	I had of course tons of pictures of the two women. It was time to use some of the selected
shots of Stacey to my advantage, and her detriment. I carefully selected and cropped the shots
so that her face was not visible. After all she was a dead woman. I selected 2 pictures, in both
pictures she was wearing her lingerie. The first was a shot of her being whipped that I had had
her friend shoot, it showed her rear end peeking out from between her garters. The lash had just
hit her and even though her face was obscured you could just see her jaw had dropped in a
scream. Her red hair was flipping around her face. Her hands were squeezing and mauling her own
tits. I remembered the event well. She had choked on my cum, and spit it up on my stomach. The
second picture was more sedate. It showed her on her knees head bowed, a dildo was jammed in her
cunt. I knew there to be another one plugged in her rear. I was holding onto a leash, just out
of frame, that ran to her iron collar. Her arms were cuffed behind her back, but I had
instructed her to twist her upper body to show off the cuffs for the camera. They were glinting
in the picture due to the flash. These two pictures along with a brief note were inserted into
an envelope. I deposited them that night in a local mailbox and sent them away. The Hellfire was
a local club that I also posted a notice in. I made a flyer extoling the virtues of my "wife" to
any suitable local doms who wanted a crack at her.

	The next day I was of course feeling frisky, and decided to vent my lust on Cunt. By the time
she entered the bedroom chamber I was waiting for her naked on the bed. In actuality I was not
quite naked I had on a headphone set and was speaking to a someone on the phone. I gestured for
my Cunt to join me on the bed. She did and I removed her collar. She was wearing a white lacy
camisole, and stockings that were held up by themselves. Her heels were matching white and very
high. Around her neck she was wearing a choker of pears, five strands. She had on matching
earrings that were long and dangly. A matching pearl bracelet rattled on her wrist as she rubbed
some feeling back into her neck. She looked great, being tailor made to my particular mood as
she was, and my erection pointed at her and drooled in anticipation of delighted to come. I
depressed a button on the cable to my headset that was labeled "spk" and began. Sorry for the
interruption Angie. Where were we again." I heard Angie's voice through the headset, but Stacey
heard her through a speakerphone, a one way speakerphone that I had setup on the night table
beside the bed. "Well, I had just removed my bra and I was rubbing my big soft breasts up and
down on your cock." I nodded at my Cunt and she got the hint. She slowly dragged the straps of
her camisole down past her shoulders and drew hers arms up and out freeing her big soft breasts
also. I scooted my ass to the edge of the bed and Cunt knelt down between my legs and began to
follow the directions of Angie, the phone sex woman. "Does that feel good lover?" Angie asked. I
looked down at my Cunt. "Oh yes Angie it sure does. What are you doing now.?" She thought for a
moment, then replied with a long moan. "Well with one hand I'm friggin' myself and with the
other one I'm playing with my nipples, I'm running the nipple between my long nails, I'm teasing
it. Readying it for your mouth and tongue." Stacey matched all these moves. "Which hand do you
have between your legs Angie?" She gasped her fake gasp into the phone. "My left hand lover."
Stacey quickly switched her hands to match those of Angie's, after I squinted my eyes at her.
Angie continued. "I can lick my own nipples Lover. I'm doing it now. First I'll bring up one of
my breasts to my mouth." On the phone her voice became slurred, the result of her finger being
placed in her mouth, but she continued developing the fantasy for me. "M bining mto my own nips
Lover. Now I'm switching over to the ther tit." After much more slurping and sucking sounds from
the phone she finished with a pop. "Oh lover my breasts are all shinny and wet with my own
saliva now. Do you want to tit fuck meee?" I mumbled a yes with my eyes closed. Before the
single word left my lips the women continued. Angie with her voice and Stacey with her breasts
which she took in both her hands and folded around my cock. She held my erection to her chest
and moved her slippery breasts up and down jerking me off with them, as Angie pumped out the
guttural moans interspersed with filthy trucker talk. "Oh look at how big you are Lover! I bet
if I bend my head down I could lick at the head of you big fat cock Lover." I moaned my reply
because Stacey had already started doing just that. 

I let her continue to struggle with the tip of my erection for several blissful moments while I
listened to Angie purr in my ears. Angie told me that she would stand up and do a strip for me
if she were actually with me. She didn't know I had a plaything of my own "Stand up and play
with yourself." She rose and began to seductively run her hands over her body. One hand came to
rest on her crotch while the other one kept teasing her breasts, helping puff her nipples into
erect little nubs. I reached out to her and joined her hand at her crotch with mine. I soon had
several fingers in her sopping wet snatch. I pressed the fingers deep into and all but lifted
her up off he feet. Even with her high heels she was now standing on her tip toes as a offered
her encouragement, wrapped in abuse. "Shake your titties cunt. Flaunt yourself for me. Get me
hot pig and I'll give you the fucking that you want so badly." She could only groan back in
response. Angie however, had thought that she had really reached me, that it was she who was
doing a good job. She had certainly kept me on the line the longest of any of her callers today.
Which was after all her only concern. My heavy erection pointed at her and dripped precum
obscenely. I stood up beside he still keeping my hand buried into her vagina, as I made her
grind against it. I stepped close enough to her to feel the heat pouring from her body. My  cock
brushed against her thigh, and sent a tingle of electricity through my body. She glanced down at
the evidence of my lust. She had no illusions about why she was with me, about why I kept her
with me and alive. She certainly knew that she was my toy, my sex slave, and that she knew that
she would remain my slave till I was bored with her. But still, her face twisted into a sneer of
disgust, temporarily replacing the artificial mask of lust that she had presented to me till
that moment. I told  Angie that I was going to take her from behind, like a dog, Cunt moved into
position on the bed head down on her knees and ass up high waving in the air. She wiggled it
back and forth  invitingly for me to plunder. Angie was screaming into my ear for me to 'fuck
me, fuck me' She was repeating it over and over again, filling me head with encouragement. I had
cunt reaching back with her hands to hold he ass cheeks apart to give me a clear view of my
target. I held the end of my cock up to the entrance of Cunts box, and stopped there. "Beg me
for my cock." Was all that I muttered. Both of the sluts thought that I was talking to them, and
they both searched for the words that they though would please me. "Please Darling us me hard,
take me roughly I belong to you. I'm your to fuck or to flog, whatever you decide." Angie too
let out her own list of filthy talk intended to excite me too. Though hers was less effective.
"I can almost feel you inside me, I want to feel you inside me, stretching me." I placed myself
at her entrance, and barely entered he with the head of my cock. I pushed no further or harder
than that. She opened up and all but swallowed me whole, in one fluid movement. Soon our flesh
was slapping into each other's and joined by the squeaks of the bed springs as we were both wild
to please me. I could still hear the phone sex chick acting her best faintly behind the roaring
in my ears. I used her for several minutes then withdrew, and waged my cock at her and made her
beg for it some more.

	She crouched on the bed with her legs spread invitingly for me to enter her yet again. I wasted
no time and fell on her like a dog in heat, ramming my entire length within her. My hands were
grabbing at her ass, my fingers curling into tight little fists, capturing handfuls, driving my
nails into her tender flesh. I could feel them breaking through the flesh, as my grip on her
tightened still further. I made an effort to thrust in and up and the same time, knowing that I
would encounter less resistance and thus be able to drive into her with greater fury. I should
not have needed to be concerned about this. Cunt was being very good to me, she was making every
effort to give me the kind of ride that I expected. She was arching her back to give me complete
access to her inner self. Indeed she was even forcing herself back on to my cock in time with my
thrusts our efforts were in concern, we were both designing our movements to fuck her silly. I
watched her closely as her head flopped around, rocking back and forth atop her body. Her red
hair whipped around in the air arching high till it came to rest briefly against her back, till
it was carried again into the air. I made both girls Cunt and Angie beg for my cum. As soon as
they had begged enough I let them have it Cunt literally, and Angie metaphysically. Cunt
collapsed exhausted on the bed, her body relaxed and slid forward some, threatening to break
contact with my softening erection. She caught herself just as I was about to slip from her
folds and jammed herself, gently back onto me. After a few more minutes of relaxation. She shook
herself back to awareness from her post coital state and turned her body to bring her face in to
my crotch. She drew me into her mouth to cradle me and clean me off.

"Well Angie I certainly think I should that you for such a wonderful performance." I could tell
that she was smiling on the other end of the line. "You're welcome lover, If you feel like more
I have some free time right now." I chuckled at her enterprising nature, as Whore's tongue
traveled across the underside of my cock. I could feel her hand cradling my cock and explore
backward to my anus. She pressed one long slender finger against my rear till it finally gained
entrance to me. As her index finger drove into me I was instantly hard again. "Maybe some other
time baby, but I do have someone else here who wants to thank you, I took the head set from my
ears and placed it near Cunt's mouth. She looked up at me, and I nodded my permission for her to
speak. Still she hesitated though unsure of what to say, whether she could make a play for
freedom or not. She spoke softly. "Thank you Angie , I had a wonderful time doing what you
suggested." I could only hear Cunt's side of the conversation. "No I did, really, NO thank you
very much. I'll find out." With that she looked up at me. "She wants to know if I want to have
phones sex with her." I shook my head no. "No thank you Angie, maybe some other time." Angie
must have said something else. "My name is Cunt... thanks again." I ended the conversation
disconnecting them, I couldn't let this go on forever. 

	"Get your mouth back to work Cunt." It was going to be a long night after all. And I had
decided to give her mouth a real good workout. I would make her work on my joint all night long
while I slept. I was indeed living the life of Riley. I wondered how long it could last.

	It took a few days to get, and root through the responses, to weed out the weirdoes from those
that replied to our personal ad. There sure were enough of the sickos and weirdoes in the pile.
But I eventually settled on a fella that was physically similar to me. Soon enough it was her
big day. It was Stacey's cumming out party, and her debutante ball rolled into one event. I had
tried to have the pool ready for the event but there were hitches in the pump and heating
systems. No bother, the hot tub would have to do. I had taken some time and though in preparing
Stacey for the event. To make sure she couldn't see anything I had placed some contact lenses in
her eyes that were completely black and let no light into her eyes. That should do it for her
vision however, the contacts could always slide or fall off. On top of this I placed a heavy,
padded leather blindfold that was wide and completely blocked out all light. I had of course had
to gag her as well. I couldn't have her blurting out her identity, that wouldn't do. It would
undo all my handiwork of the past few months. For her wardrobe I chose a outfit that she would
likely have worn in her previous life, were she only a little more slutty. She was wearing a
skintight dress made of bodystocking material. It was completely see through, and she knew it
too. It was short enough that to fuck her I wouldn't have to raise it more that a few inches.
Her legs were covered in matching hose that held themselves up. They bunched her flesh of her
upper thighs up at the top of them nicely. Her feet were hobbled by matching heels. To conceal
her ankle tattoo I placed leather ankle straps that were a couple of inches wide. Her legs were
attached by a chain that was about 2 feet long. I bound her arms up behind her back with similar
leather cuffs. Her left wrist to her right elbow joint, and her right wrist to her left elbow.
This would not hurt her too much when she was on her back serving her guest, and would cause her
tits to jut out provocatively. Which they needed no help in doing. All her bindings, including
her gag, was secured to her with padlocks that only I could remove.

	It was nearing 7PM, the appointed time for my company to arrive. I fastened her leash to a
chain, and pulled it tight through a pulley in the ceiling of the master guest bedroom in the
guesthouse, on the main floor of the building. It was only about 40 feet and through an open
door to the patio and the patio furniture that I had arranged around the unfinished pool area. I
left the door open and sat and waited for the arrival of the guest.

	Of all the respondents to the personal add that Cunt had placed  in a local BDSM contact
magazine, the man I had chosen was the best. Physically he was just slightly smaller than
myself. But the really good  part was that he was married to a woman that was not in the scene.
Thus he was cheating on his bride. Despicable, but something that was to prove useful in the
future to me. No doubt he was chronically unfaithful. Some men just should never marry if they
can't keep it in their pants. That's why I had never married, formally anyway. After all I had
taken a wife, even if she were not mine originally.

	I heard his car pull up on the gravel driveway. I went through the rot iron gate on the fence
enclosing the pool area, paste the hedges and met him as he was approaching the Main Farm House.
I had had a few telephone conversations with him prior to this meeting. I had outlined what I
wanted him to do with my "wife."

	I told him that she was my slave wife, that we were married swingers and had done this sort of
thing a few times before. I had told him that this was a fantasy of hers, and that she wanted to
be completely in the control of another man while I watched. That she must not see who he is or
what he looked like. I handed him a piece of paper with some specific rules.

	Firstly, he must not remove her blindfold, or tell her anything about himself. Secondly, he
must not remove her from the pool area of the patio. Thirdly, he had eight hours to use her.
Fourthly, he must wear a condom every time he penetrates her. Lastly, he cannot kill her or
leave a permanent mark. Other than that he could do whatever he wanted to her. He could not stop
a broad smile from erupting across his face, as he agreed to the terms.

	I assured him that no matter how much a fuss she made, that she was into it and enjoying it. I
knew what her safe word was and I told him that I had never heard her use it in all the years
that we had been together. I sat him down on a large wicker couch, that I had furnished the
patio area using, made sure he was comfy, and went to fetch her for him.

	I unfastened her leash from the ceiling and led her to the patio area. Her heels clicked
pleasantly on the Mexican tiles that were applied to the patio. The date, whose name was Barry
Orchard stood up for her, a reflex action no doubt. He was in the mistaken belief that he was in
the presence of a lady. I gestured for him to relax and sit down again, which he did. I too sat
down on a nearby chair, still holding her leash in my hands. She looked spectacular, and was
quite a spectacle. She stood with her legs slightly spread to retain some balance. The heels and
the uneven tiled floor made standing in place somewhat difficult. We both stared at her for a
moment or two, our inaction made her already agitated state, heightened that much more.

	"Cunt! We have a special guest today. He has come a long way to be with us and I expect you to
do your best to please him. He is your owner as much as I am. Treat him good. Understand?" She
nodded her head as much as her wide collar would allow.

        I nodded in his general direction and he spoke the first words she heard. The first
proof that there was another man looking at her like this. His voice was incredibly deep and
resonant, and his words were especially well chosen I thought. "I expect obedience Cunt." The
sound of his voice hit her like a fist, and I watched her body begin to shake in fear. She
stumbled back a few inches. She would have gone back  farther had I not snapped her back with a
vicious pull on her leash. I handed the leash to him and she was pulled closer and closer to
him, struggling gently all the way. But she was one fish that was definitely landed, and going
to stay that way. Soon he could pull her no closer to his body. Her legs were straddling his
left leg and she was right up against the edge of the wicker loveseat. She was still shaking
with fear. He held her in place with the leash, and pulled himself up to her heaving breasts and
began to feast on her as though he were a starving man. Whatever initial shyness, or trepidation
was once in the air was completely dissipated now.

	I reached my hand out holding a key for him to take. "This will release her gag when you want
to use her mouth." I interrupted his enjoyment of her body but only for a moment. By the time I
had reached the doorway to the guesthouse he was back to ravishing her. She was straddling his
body, her bound legs stretched out behind her. I could see one of his hands holding her tightly
in place by her ass, and the other hand working furiously away at her crotch.

	The guesthouse has a second bedroom on the main floor, which is where I was headed. In this
room there is a large floor to ceiling window that looks out directly to the patio and pool. It
is filled with one-way glass. I pulled the drapes back to reveal the scene of the two of them
squirming on the wicker loveseat. I had a from row seat from which to watch them play. Nothings
better that front row, except when you have someone to share them with. I walked up to the
closet in this room and flung open the doors. In the closet I found my Whore, whom I had
previously secured to a rolling table. The table had stocks built into one end of the table that
held her head and arms securely in the piece of furniture. Her ankles were secured also by means
of leather cuffs. The method of securing her body to the table was the most interesting feature
of all. I had used her rings to keep her tied down. Her tits rings and her vaginal piercings
made sure that she would not struggle too much. She had no clothing on at all, except for a hood
made of velvet, and a belt that I had fastened around her waist. This was a fuck belt, that
included handles on both of her hips for me to grab on to with while I fucked her. She had no
natural love handles, so I had to improvise.

	I wheeled her up to the picture window and turned up the sound on the speakers so we could both
listen to what was happening. The man had freed his erection from his pants and was teasing her
with just the tip of it, pushing it in a little then withdrawing in sudden little jabs at her.
He was playing with her mind too, telling her things like: how helpless she is now, how he can
do whatever he wants and she cannot stop him. That she had no idea who he was, what color he
was, his age, or whether she could even know him in her day to day life. Perhaps, she would even
bump into him while shopping, and stuff like that. He was right too. Except for the part about
bumping into her in her daily live. How could he have know that this was her daily life.

	Through it all she was groaning around the thick gag that I had wedged into her mouth.
Eventually he settled her onto his cock and ordered her to fuck herself on him. As always she
had no choice but to obey. Maintaining her balance was difficult, bound as she was but she tried
hard. After a while, when their combined movements became too frantic, she was compelled to lean
into his body pressing hers against his to be certain of not falling backwards to the tiled
floor. He tried hard to do nothing to help her, to make her do all the work of fucking herself
on him, except for grabbing onto her by her ample hips and forcing her in to greater contact
with his cock whenever he wanted to.

	I watched as his legs tensed and began to shake. Soon his toes were curling, an unmistakable
sign that the end was near. Cut knew it too, she knew he was soon coming. He tensed his whole
body up into hers and arched his back roaring his climax into my trophy wife. She sat upon his
cock patiently waiting for it to end. I chuckled to myself, thinking she had better pace
herself, he had eight full hours to use her as he saw fit.

	He next pushed her back to her feet before him. He watched as some of her juices ran down her
legs. This was a bit of a revelation to me. Had I just fucked her I would have thought this my
spunk. But he was wearing a condom.

	The cushions from the love seat and the others chairs made a ready made play area, that he
tossed to the ground. He made her lay down upon them on her stomach. Her ass poked up into the
night air invitingly. "Your owner tells me you like it up your ass best. It that so cunt?" She
shook her head no over and over again and tried to roll off the pillows and onto her back but he
had put his feet at her ankles and was standing on her leg chain preventing this, "Does this
mean that he lied to me cunt? ARE YOU CALLING YOU MASTER A LIAR." He had reached for his belt
and brought it down on her ass as hard as he could at the climax of his sentence. He continued
beating her into submission again. Each slashing stroke of the belt brought about another scream
into the gag. "He's a good man, I can tell!" Smack, then another scream. "I don't think that he
would intentionally lie to me!" SMACK, harder still this time. After the whipping had suitably
subdued her he could begin with the serious business of giving her a really good ass fucking. I
watched as he knelt down between her legs and began rolling another condom down the considerable
length of his cock. I matched his movements with Whore, except that I had removed her gag, and I
had no need to wear a condom. Together we listened to the action that was occurring just a few
feet in front of us. "You do like to get fucked in the ass now don't you Cunt?" I was lining my
own erection up with Whore's own ass. "Well then get your ass up here then." I began watching
again as she struggled to bring her battered rear up into striking distance of the unseen cock.
I began to enter Whore just slightly before he entered Cunt's ass. The four of us let out a
groan, nearly simultaneously. Some groans were those of pleasure, while others were a little
further down the scale. My little slut was doing her best to keep her ass high up in the air and
in close contact with me lest she tear her piercings from herself. I closed my eyes and listened
some more. "You don't expect me to do all the work do you bitch?" He punctuated the remark with
a slap to her rump, which got her moving herself back and forth along his length. Mine began to
make all the noises that she knew I liked, noises that she had learned over her time with me
that were calculated to help me get off, to help me hurry up and finish for her sake as well as
mine. As I picked up the pace and developed a full head of steam she began to chant "use me"
over and over again. I glanced up to look at the two of them on the patio and saw through my
lust clouded eyes that he had her balanced on her knees, he was holding her up by her hair in
one hand and her chest in the other and was slamming into her with all his might. Some noise was
escaping through her gag, but the majority of the noise was coming from him, and from their
flesh slapping into one another's. He finished in her suddenly, prematurely even. No doubt she
was relieved at this. I slowed my pace to cause just enough friction to maintain my erection. I
watched a he circled her prostrate form, deciding on his next move. He left her on the deck and
walked into the hot tub to have a soak and a breather before continuing with the show.

	I withdrew myself from Whore, she groaned in make believe frustration at my sudden absence, and
decided to join them. I walked out onto the deck, my eyes and those of our guest caught each
others in conspiratorial satisfaction. "I trust you are enjoying yourself." His only response
was to laugh. "You don't mind if I play through do you? After all she does belong to me."

	I hauled Cunt to her knees by her still bound wrists and her hair. I sat and made her crawl
over to me. I let my hands travel freely about her, correction MY playthings, body. I bent down
to her and whispered so faintly that I was unsure that she could hear me or not. "If your
identity is revealed to him I'll finish you both...and then I'll start to work on your
sister...Understand Cunt!" To emphasize my words I punctuated them with continually harsh
pressure on her nipples. She squealed and nodded her assent. Her mouth and lower face was
covered by a leather plate that was held on by four snaps. I removed this plate to reveal a gag
that was inflated and filling her mouth. I pressed a button and the air bladder deflated. I
reached in between her teeth and began to withdraw the gag. It was made of rubber, and long, and
though now deflated still retained it penis shape. I threw it on the table. Her mouth was still
held open by a remaining ring gag. Her ruby lips were so inviting, but instead of piercing them
with my cock I asker her if she were thirsty. She nodded that she was. On the bar I had the
choice of several spirits, Rum, Scotch, Rye. But I decided on Gin, which I always considered a
Whore's drink. The shape of the bottle was very phallic and fit nicely in her mouth. I forced
her head back and the fluid poured into her open mouth, she choked on the burning liquor but I
kept it flowing into her till she had finished nearly half the bottle. I removed the ring gag
from her gasping mouth and let her spend several minutes stretching her jaw, and getting used to
moving it again. Being the artist that I am I freshened her lipstick before I began using her. I
led her to the tip of my cock. Her face pinched up at the taste, I then remembered that it had
just been in Whore's ass. "Just the head Cunt." She stopped at the depth I specified and began
to pass her tongue across my head over and over again. As she worked away on my cock, I could
turn my attention back to our guest again. "When you read the add and saw her pictures that I
posted at the Hellfire, is this what you expected?" He thought for a moment then shook his head
no. "I hadn't done anything like this before, but this is far better that I expected. You did
say to expect the best sex of my life, and that she would be extremely obedient but this is
beyond my expectations. I do hope that this relationship can continue beyond this single night."
While he spoke I watched this now pathetic woman nursing herself on my erection. "Now take half
of it Cunt." Immediately she began to bob her head up and down my erection to take only about
half of the length of my cock. As my pet licked and sucked on my shaft I answered him. "I expect
that you haven't seen the last of us yet." With this encouragement he had roused himself from
the hot tub and walked over to where she knelt. "Now take all of me Cunt." And she did too, she
began to suck on my cock like the pro she was. If she ever did get loose from me I had no doubts
that she would easily land on her feet. She may end up as a hooker or a pornstar, instead of the
pampered wife of a foolish old man, but she would certainly prevail. As she threw her face and
herself into her work, I expected our guest to join us, and he did, but in a manner that
surprised me. He lay down on his back and worked his face between her legs and began to kiss and
lick at her thighs slowly working his way toward her pussy. I could soon see her hips moving and
grinding herself against his face.

Her mouth soon fell slack around my erection, her breath was warm and moist on my crotch. She
was unable to continue while he ate her out. I held her head in my hands and fucked her face for
her. I was soon filling her mouth yet again with my cum. It was nothing new for her, but it
startled her nonetheless. My erection taken care of, I was free to watch them and study his
technique. His tongue was passing over her clit in a quick and predictable pattern. His right
hand held her left cheek tightly, maneuvering her into just the right position for his tongue to
make the greatest contact and impact with her gaping vagina. He was fucking her with the fingers
of his left hand. His index finger, was thrusting into her vagina and twisting into her, while
his middle finger was buried deeply into her rear. After a few more minutes of this type of
attention, she began to hump herself into his face, mashing into his face. "Please,
pl...please." She collapsed her head and shoulders onto the wicker chair that I had been sitting
on when she blew me. Her whole body began top shake uncontrollably..she cried out "Stop ...stop
..stop" But all our guest would do was giggle and keep licking and fucking her with his fingers.
She sat up straight, as though a steel rod was driven down the length of her spine and shook
down her entire length. After about a minute of this she fell over panting and gasping for
breath. Her body still wracked by tremors even after he had finished eating her, and removed his
fingers. The act of pulling his fingers from her made her groan out loud and shake still
further.

We stood before her body both looking down at her used form. He checked his watch, it was not
even midnight yet, and he still had lots of time left with her. We took her together next. I in
her front and Barry in her rear, at least at first we switched and took her again. It was highly
erotic to be able to share her with another man. Although I was troubled bythe slightly
homosexual feeing of his cock rubbing against mine as we both pounded her into exhaustion.
Afterward we had drinks together and left her laying on the tiles. I used her as a footstool as
we talked about abusing her together. Finaly, we agreed that it was a night, looking down at her
body. He commented about her.."I think she's done for the night. I wanted to leave her
satisfied, I didn't think she was to into me fucking her. I'm glad I could get her off at least
once tonight. Does she have trouble cumming?" I nodded yes. "Yes she does, she almost never gets
off." I decided to elaborate on the lie. "I think that's why she into this kind of sex.

	We dressed and I walked him through the fence that surrounded the pool area and back to his
car. He thanked me again then drove off into the night. I walked back to the crumpled Redhead.
She had fallen asleep exhausted. I removed the binding from her wrists and roused her back to
consciousness. "Take off your blindfold Cunt." She did then fished around in her eyes and
removed the black contacts. It was hard for her with her long red nails but she eventually
managed it. She couldn't look at me. Her eyes fell automatically anywhere but on mine. She was
embarrassed and humiliated. I took her chin in my hand and forced her eyes to meet mine. They
were filled with tears that soon were flowing down her cheeks. "It's been a long time since
you've enjoyed being fucked eh Cunt." My name for her cut into her psyche like a knife. Her eyes
closed in shame overcome with shame. "Maybe we'll get him back to fuck you some more next month.
If your a good Cunt that is." She nodded her head slowly in my hand. "Yes Darling, if you want."

	I took her back into the guesthouse and punched in the code to lower the floor back down to the
dungeon. I checked that the iron collar was secured around her neck, and sent her back to
disrobe and clean herself up and lock herself away for the night. The chain and block that was
recessed into the floor followed after her like an obedient dog. I had no need to monitor her
movements. There was no way that she could escape. More importantly she knew that too. She was
completely broken now. I was convinced that she would not even try to get away now.

	The dishes and remains of the party remained for me to clean up. As I was carrying away the
last of the dishes one of the picture windows in the guesthouse was vibrating, shaking even. It
was a one-way piece of glass. It was the glass that I had been watching Cunt and Barry's
performance from. Whore was still chained up in there to the trolley. I considered the
possibility of her escaping nil. But I ran to her as fast as I could anyway. I found the door to
the room in which I left her partially open. I heard her sobbing..."No...no ...not
again...no..." I couldn't imagine what was happening to her. But I also had to look. I pressed
my hand against the door and swung it open fully. I had to open the door all the way, as the
wheeled stocks I had chained her to had been moved right up against the glass. Her head and arms
were still secured in the stocks. She still had a bag on her head. Her piercings were still
securing her in doggie style pose that I had left her in, half way through fucking her in the
ass, although in her fiercesome struggles the rings in her nipples and crotch were terribly
distended as she thrashed in her bonds. The doggie style position was particularly appropriate,
as that was exactly what was fucking her. She scene shocked even me, but her fear and
helplessness produced an instant boner in my pants. I couldn't tell which of my two dogs it was,
but he had obviously gotten in here by himself and began to fuck her till she had been moved
right up against the glass. As horrible as the experience was for her, she could not bear to
tear the rings from herself to give her a better chance of avoiding the dog's dick.  "No
more...please...please not again, not again." Obviously, the dog had been fucking her for a
while. I tried to move to stop him from raping her. She was mine after all, but I was rooted to
the spot. I had to treat this carefully. In order to keep control over her I had to make her
think I had intended for this to happen to her. She tried hard to keep herself still to submit
to the dogs fucking, but she could not overcome her own horror of the situation, and she began
to strain at her piercings in ernest again. "Good dog ....good dog..." She was trying to calm
the dog down, but it was no use he was too excited to be mollified. Eventually the dog finished,
and dismounted her. I watched the dog run around in a few circles, then curl up and fall into a
contented sleep. I left the room as silently as I could, and returned about a half hour later to
find the dog still sleeping soundly. She was limp in her bonds, I let my hands wander across her
body. She stiffened at my touch. I let my hands into her cunt. It was predictably soaked with
the cum of my dog. Most had run down her thighs. "Do I excite you this much Whore?" My taunting
words made her start sobbing again. I twisted my fingers in her, she finally answered. "Yes
Darling, you do excite me this much." I wondered why she didn't mention the dog to me. Could her
shame be this great? "You're pretty juicy for a lesbian Whore." Again she answered through her
tears. "Yes Darling." I released her from the cart. Her nipples and vaginal rings were swollen
and red. I send her down to the new and improved dungeon to join her friend. There was no reason
to keep them apart anymore. They could be reunited tomorrow.

	The next day, after I had had a chance to recover somewhat I had some lovely hard copy shots of
Barry Orchard with Cunt. I had cropped them to emphasis close ups of his face. Some were long
shots, needed to make clear just exactly what he was doing, and with whom, but most were of his
face, contorted in pleasure at the moment he was cumming into my pet. They were really quite
stunning actualy. Suitable for framing, which is exactly what I intended to do with them. I had
my chance later that week when I bumped into Mr and Mrs Orchard while they were doing their
weekly marketing at some of the smaller fruit and vegetable places that weekend.

	Barry's face turned white as he recognized me. He was in a near panic as I walked toward him my
hand outstretched like an old chum. Seeing his wife, and being as shallow as I am I knew
instantly why he was cheating on her. She was the poster woman for abstinence. Let that be
enough said on her appearance. Her smell was another matter entirely, she reeked of cologne that
mimiced disinfectant nearly perfectly. I instantly felt sorry for Barry, but not sorry enough to
prevent me from doing what I was going to do.

	I was beaming. "Barry let me show you some of the renovations for my new office." I tore into
the envelope and showed him the imagery of him fucking my Cunt. He was really sweating right
now. I thought the poor boy was going to keel over and die right in front of us. His wife, Gail
was looking on all curious. She had never met me before, and was sure that her underemployed
good for nothing husband knew someone like me. Someone who had an office, let alone someone who
was renovating it.

"We really need to talk." Then I turned my attention to his wife for the briefest of instants.
"You don't mind if I talk with Barry for a few minutes while you finish this up here do you Mrs.
Orchard." She stammered out that she had no objections, and I whisked him away from her into the
relative safety of the deli section of the small market. As soon as I had him alone, I started
into my real purpose. "Gee Barry I though you said your wife was a looker and that I should meet
her and that we could all swing together, but I gotta tell ya I don't think I know any apes at
the zoo who would want to swing with a pig like that."

He could scarely care about my hurtful words, his entire world had nearly come crashing down
around his head. "Your gonna hafta bring along a date if you ever want to come over and fuck my
chick again."

	He finally came to his senses enough  to speak with me. "What the fuck are you doing, coming
aroud me like this." His voice then dropped to a more subdued tone. "I my wife sees these, its
over between us." I smiled back at him. "I know that shithead why do you think I made these?" I
held them upto his face so he could see them again. He tore them from my hand, and balled them
up into a crumpled mess. Now he was being really funny. "Gee Barry those were your copies not
your wifes. I was going to mail her a set to her office for Monday. You make a very funny face
when you cum you know that Barry?" He was getting really angry now. Angry but scared too. I
could tell because his legs were shaking. "She does still work for the Department of Corrections
doesn't she?" My question was rhetorical. I knew more about him and his wife than they knew
about themselves. I didn't wait for him to ask the cliche question.. 'What is it you want me to
do' A spineless gutless worm of a man like him was going to roll over for me everytime, and we
both knew it. He was the epitome of a mark. The notion of his disk in my Cunt began to fill me
with nausea. Good thing I had insisted that he wear a rubber. I didn't want to share the same
room with him let alone slut. I was starting to wonder why his wife had not dumped him long
before. Then I caught a whiff of her fragrant disinfectant perfume preceeding her arrival, and I
had my answer. She was even worse than he was. I pulled him outside onto the street so we could
finish our impromtu meeting. "That little honey of yours chooses who gets to be a member of the
parole board. Theres a vacancy. And I want you to get her to choose me." Before he could even
begin to voice his objections I cut him off. "I don't care that you think you can't do it.. Just
do it Barry. Or else she'll get some interesting mail. Maybe your neighbors will get some
interesting mail. Maybe even the newspapers. They'll tear the two of you up asshole....so just
do it." He was defeated, and outmaneuvered and I knew he'd try his best to make it happen for
me. "I don't care how you cnvince her just do it." I began to walk away, but i was some inspired
to make my case. "If you have to eat her, I'd wear some sort of nose plugs."



+++++++

I was hoping that this would be the last chapter but as you can see there will be one more. But
I expect it to be a very short chapter, likely only half size.

special_kwa@hotmail.com

Here's wishing you all have a healthy fantasy life.

I expect that if you hunt around at the following web URL you will find every chapter of trophy
wife as well as anything else that was posted to ASSM.

http://www.qz.to/erotica/assm/index.html




The Trophy Wife 8
The End. (No, this is not the end! -- Note from Stories-Online.net)

	I had been watching her sleep for awhile now. She lay on her back on the bed, wearing nothing
as always, except the remnants of her makeup from our last session together, and of course her
iron collar which she was never without. Her red hair was fanned out on the pillow. She had
changed quite a bit since I snatched her away from her former slutty life, a deposited her here
in her even sluttier existence. Her face had changed, it was more hollowed out that at first.
She was paler too; no doubt both effect stemmed from her confinement. She was still radiantly
beautiful though. And I still had immense desire for her. Of the two women I held, Cunt was by
far still my favorite, even if she were not a blonde.

	I suppose there were several reasons for this. Not only was she physically stunning, but the
satisfaction of brutalizing the ringleader of the murderous conspirators made her that much more
satisfying and delicious. She was after all my first conquest.

	I roused her with a mild current through her collar. Which had the desired effect. Her eyes
flew open, for a moment they were filled with the terror of her initial period of captivity.
After she realized where she was and even more importantly who and what she was now her eyes
softened and she became my playful sex toy once again.

	 My voice entered her cell, from above as though I were god, and directed her to perform some
very unholy acts. She complied of course and closed her eyes again. Her entire body softened and
relaxed into the folds of her bed. One hand began to caress her soft, full breasts, and the
other traveled down to her crotch and began to work herself up. I watched her closely for a few
moments. It did not take her long to arouse herself. I had been raping her for many months now.
At first she was justifiably horrified and could not help but resisting and crying all through
my various, vicious assaults on her. But that faded as her captivity continued. After some time
she had become accustomed to the daily assaults, and any struggling and screaming would have
been an act. After that phase I did however, demand that she be an actress. I demanded that she
fake pleasure. I demanded that she fake delight at my touch. I demanded that she act pleased
when I shot my cum into her womb, on her flesh and also when I forced her to taste my cum. She
became an accomplished actress. She needed much encouragement and intensive training though. She
spent many many nights having her acting abilities whipped into shape, for her audience of one.
It took a lot of time, and much disciplinary correction, but soon she was very convincing. She
was even convincing when I forced her to perform lesbian acts with her former best friend.
However, after the anonymous encounter with Barry, I realized that all her artificial orgasm of
the past were faint copies of the genuine thing when she came for real at the skillful
attentions of his generous tongue. The difference between her fake cums, and the genuine article
was dramatic. Her real cums were far more intense and accompanied with some rather dramatic
upward thrusts of her hips. Poor Stacey, having witnessed the difference I would no longer be
satisfied with the anemic cums that she had pacified me with these many months. I would expect,
I would insist on the genuine article. As I did now she had arched her back up off the bed and
had moved both her hands down to her crotch. Her left hand was holding herself open, for her
pleasure as well as my visual stimulation. The fingers on her other hand were playing around the
entrance to herself, and simultaneously rubbing insistently against her clitoris. After several
more minutes of this her eyes flew open and she stared at the concrete ceiling of her cell. Hers
eyes were vacant and empty. Her lust had taken her from this horrible place and transported her
elsewhere. She struggled to get the air needed to get the words out. "Please may I cum Darling."
I contemplated her request while she continued playing with herself. I looked down at my own
crotch. I twitched my penis. There was indeed life in my pants. I denied her request. "I have
left your wardrobe and other preparatory details in the usual place. You have thirty minutes to
meet me. Don't be late Cunt."

	I kept watching her for a few seconds more, while I hit the switched to remotely open her cell
doors. I saw as she withdrew her sticky hands from between her legs and moved with haste toward
the opening door. I listened as her chain dragged along behind her as she sped off to the
showers. It would not due to have her unclean and smelly when I used her. I switched off the
monitor and walked slowly over to the guesthouse. I has some work men over to the house this day
they were putting the finishing touches on the pool area placing some Mexican tiles into the
area surrounding the pool. I chatted briefly with them. They told me that they would be finished
by the end of tomorrow. I thanked them and told them that they did nice work. I walked into the
guesthouse and into the back room. Typing the code into the security keypad the floor descended
and I traveled into a far different world than the one I had just left. The world I entered was
one filled with sexual pleasures, at least for me. A world of complete lack of stress, where I
would find no arguments of any kind.

	I found myself waiting for her on the bed, alone. I had tried to time it so that I would meet
her there in thirty minutes. But my lust always seemed to get the best of me and I would
invariably find myself waiting for her ahead of schedule. I glanced at my watch. She only had a
minute left. I could not hear anything on the other side of the curtain. "Not much time left
Cunt!" I heard her then as she rustled herself around in the chair at the dressing table. "Sorry
Darling, there was a lot to do." The wooden box lay on the night table, I reached for it and
watched the clock. Her thirty minutes were up. I gave her a blast of electricity. She cried out
in pain, and surprise. It had been quite some time since she had failed to meet a deadline. I
waited another minute and gave her another, stronger jolt. This time I felt her fall to the
floor. I heard her flesh slap painfully into the concrete of the floor. I heard her cry out with
pain and frustration. She called out to me. I did not respond. Her pleases became more
imploring. "Please Darling I need your help." I gave her a third blast, this time even more
intense, and walked the twenty feet or so to the curtain that separated us and flung it open.
She was still on the floor, spread out completely on her stomach. Her right arm was fishing
around under the dressing table searching for something. Needless to say, her iron collar was
still clamped firmly around her neck. She was almost finished dressing one of her shoes was not
strapped to her foot, and was resting on the table the ankle strap already opened and waiting
for her delicate foot. Her fabulous legs were covered in dark Grey stockings that were designed
to stay up by themselves. Her luscious curves were being held tightly by a skintight slip, it
was a few sizes too small, red in color and was made of clingy stretch lace. She rolled over on
her back, I watched her body move as she rolled over. Despite the clingy nature of the garment
her ample tits still fell slightly to the side of her ribcage. She held collar with her right
hand to try and keep it from making contact with her neck, and pointed under the dressing table
with her other arm. "The key, ..I dropped it ..and it bounced under the table the first time you
shocked me." She paused them apologized. "Sorry Darling. Could you please help me?" He manner
was most pathetic, and it pleased me to see her like this. I reached into my pocket and removed
her collar with another key I had.

"Hurry and fix your face."

	I waited a few more minutes sitting on the end of the bed for her to arrive, a fact, which did
not please me in the least. As usual I heard her before I saw her. Her heels were clicking on
the floor, they stopped when she breached the curtained partition to the bedroom chamber. That's
where the plush carpeting began. She walked, no, strutted into the chamber, ready once again to
perform and sacrifice herself to my cock for the safety of herself and her sister. I gestured
for her to kneel before me, she knelt down on her knees, which she placed slightly spread and
waited to find out what I wanted this time. She waited patiently there for direction from me.
Her hair was hanging long a loose, and slightly curled from the treatment of the curling iron I
had supplied to her. I the time I had taken her her hair had lengthened a few inched. It was
even more pleasing to the eye. Most often I like long hair o a woman. Whatever induces contrast
in a woman's appearance, contrast between a man and a woman, I prefer. Despite the harsh
treatment, poor food, lake of sunshine, constant sexual abuse, she still looked incredible to
me. Indeed my desire for her was stronger than ever.

	I reached forward to her, and began to stroke and caress her face with my hands. She tilted her
head into my palm, closed her eyes and molded her face into my hand. I stood up and pulled her
forward into the end of the bed till she was kneeling on the floor, bent over with her rear high
up in the air. The limits of her stretch lace slip were being tested by the expansive curve of
her womanly hips. The look was just exactly what I had hoped for. The garment had no chance to
cover any of her charms. Her vagina, still dripping with her own juices and her puckered anus
were completely exposed to my eyes. A shudder of anticipation swept through me. "Keep your eyes
shut." "Yes Darling."

With the preliminary instructions clear I went to a nearby chest and removed some articles I had
prepositioned earlier.

	I placed my leg between hers and kicked her legs apart a little more, to expose her and angle
her pelvis just so. I lined up the dildos I had retrieved and began to force them into her holes
simultaneously. I wanted to get them stuffed into her quickly before they began to melt from the
incredible waves of heat that her aroused crotch was giving off. I had them both driven into her
before she could even react to their construction, much less to their presence. Hers eyes were
still clamped shut, I had stopped holding them in her, and they were sliding out of her now.
"Don't let them fall out." She clamped her legs shut, nearly fell over on her side and threw her
hands down between her legs to help hold them in place. I enjoyed her discomfort and confusion,
for a few moments before I pulled her back up into the sitting position on her knees and heels,
and resumed my position sitting in front of her on the end of the bed. "As long as your hands
are down there, you should put them to use Cunt. I want you to fuck yourself with the ice. Fuck
yourself till you cum. Don't fake it either or I will be able to tell now won't I?" She nodded
her head slightly, still keeping her eyes clamped shut, and managed to chatter out through her
trembling lips yet  another "Yes Darling." Her hands began to push the icy pricks into and out
of herself. I watched her as she tried, really tried to excite herself kneeling before me. She
managed to become aroused, but it was difficult for her. The ice made feeling anything
throughout her crotch difficult. It was numbing her nerves to the point of where she could feel
very little. I could probably jam her hot curling iron into her without her realizing that I had
switched from the ice dildo. The idea had just flashed into my head, but I decided to keep it
for another day. She had not been that bad after all. I dropped my pants and stood before her,
my throbbing erection pointing directly at her. It was angled slightly upward, and I had to pull
her up slightly from her kneeling position till she could reach it with her mouth. Her mouth was
stretched around me, and I leaned myself hard into intent on taking her throat completely in one
initial thrust. I held her head in my hands and ground myself against her face hard. I could
feel her lips pressing around the root of my cock, I managed to glance down at her through my
nearly closed eyes and saw her distended lips, her heavily made up eyelids still obediently
clamped shut, and her nose flattened against my belly. I closed my eyes and savored the feel of
her mouth, trapped around my erection, and the feel of my pubic hair grinding against her soft
face. She began to gag and choke on me. I held her head tightly in my hands, forcing her to
relax again and ride out her reflex. The episode excited me even more and I imaging that I was
growing even larger inside her struggling mouth. Soon she relaxed herself and stopped struggling
against me. I too relaxed my grip on her head and began to untangle my fingers from her long
soft red hair. Her newly won mobility was put to good use almost immediately, as she began to
rock herself forward and backward on her heels, sucking me off, with the expert technique that I
had forced her to develop. My knees weakened, and I decided to sit down on the edge of the bed
before I fell down.

I watched as her tightly pursed lips traveled up and down my length, accompanied by obscene
slurping and sucking sounds. When I looked more closely at her I could still see her arms moving
the dildos in and out of herself. The one in her has, had shriveled up to the size of a small
sliver, and she had supplemented its size with a pair of her own fingers. I watched as the
perfectly formed, red tapered nails on those fingers entered her own ass over and over again. I
could not see from the angle what was left of the ice that was in her snatch but I imagined that
it must be in roughly the same shape, as the one that was  in her rear. I reached forward to her
head again and began to softly stroke her hair, imparting minor adjustments and corrections to
her technique. She took the suggestion, wisely and I began to hunch my crotch up into her face
to relieve some of the pressure that her efforts had built up within me. Some grunts and near
screams were escaping from her mouth. The rush of air escaping past her lips tickled my crotch
pleasantly. The noises she was making were resonated through my cock, and pushing me further
over the edge.

	I took her head in my hands, once again and held her still. She kept trying to bob her head up
and down along my length, but I held her still. She knew what that meant, she knew that she had
finished me off and that it was only a matter of a few more seconds before I would fill her
mouth with my sperm. Her arms had not stopped their movements in between her legs however. Just
before I started to pump the contents of my nuts into her mouth her hips began to buck bath and
forth rapidly and I could tell that she had just made herself cum by her own hands. I lay back
relaxed and content as I felt her tongue traveling across my crotch, making sure that I was
clear and that she had not left me soiled by any of my own cum. She was also following her
earlier training. Every time I cum, if it convenient to get your mouth rapidly to my crotch, do
so and try to coax another erection from me. I let her try for several minutes more, as we both
calmed down. I thought back on all the times that I had fucked her. I never dreamed that I could
have kept hr for this long or that I would have been this successful at molding her into the
creature that knelt between my widespread legs, still sucking away. Her eyes were still closed,
not having opened them since my earlier order. I wondered what the catalyst for finally breaking
her, and making her cum was. I speculated on several possible factors, then just as quickly
forgot the subject entirely. You can ruin something if you over analyze it. I pushed her off my
cock with my foot and she fell to the carpeted floor with a gentle thud. I sat up and looked
down at her laying there. She had just been raped again. She did not look shocked or horrified.
She looked a little tired, that's all. I stood and used my foot to prod her. I started at her
crotch, using it

to force her hands away from her now puffy and soaked lips of her vagina. I let the shoe of my
foot travel up to her midsection then upward toward her lovely-enhanced breasts and upward still
further to her face. I pressed the sole of my shoe into her lips. "Kiss it." I hissed. I felt
her mouth press against the sole of my shoe. "Harder" and I pressed the shoe into her mouth a
little bit harder to match her intensity. "Use your whole tongue Cunt."  I had almost screamed
that at her. I had used my foot to twist her head to one side so I could see what she was doing.
She was using her tongue on the sole o my shoe, she was taking long broad strips at the sole.
Pressing her tongue against me without shame or reservation. She was doing exactly what I was
telling her to do. The thought thrilled me and filled me with excitement again. I had had
enough, I removed my foot from her mouth. And I stood there before her, my hands on my hips, and
another erection  pointing at her, threatening her with its length, yet again. She struggled to
catch her breath, and to keep a few tears from travelling down her cheeks. She finally looked up
at me. And I looked down at her with a mixture of reverence and contempt in my eyes for her.
"That was good wasn't it cunt." She thought for a moment more and more tears escaped her. She
admitted to me that it was good with a subtle nod of her head. I knew it was good. I knew than I
had her. Her whole body shuddered with the humiliating revelation. "Yes Darling that was good."

If I could have crowed in triumph at that moment I would have. I kicked her legs roughly apart
and fell on her slamming myself into completely. She was still a little cold inside from the
ice. But I warmed her up, fast. I took her. I used her. I fucked her with no regard for her own
pleasure. And still she responded to my cock. To she cock that was raping her. It wouldn't have
mattered to me if she never responded genuinely to my abuse. Her reaction made it that much
sweeter.

	She picked her legs up and wrapped them around my waist, tightly, and began to claw at my back
with her nails. She pressed her body into mine as though it were the sweetest thing she could
imagine. As thought she dreaded the moment it would end. I pistoned into her rapidly, and
thought I had cum only a few minutes earlier, I found the strength and the cum to fill her up
again. She was squirming up into my body moving uncontrollably. I recognized her exited
movements, she was close. But she would not make it this time. I collapsed against her,
completely relaxed. Soon after I rolled off her and fell into a near sleep condition. After
having a short nap at her side I roused myself to my feet and found her laying there still. She
had not moved or tried to attack me in any way.

	Looking down at her she lay broken on the floor. I dressed, and left her like that. I did not
need to say a word to her, I didn't need to giver her any instruction at all. She knew what I
expected of her. She knew enough to fasten her collar about her neck and reverse the preparation
procedure, and seal herself back into her cell. Snug as a bug, ready again and waiting for
another visit from me.

	I returned to the real world to find the workmen packing up and ready to leave. I looked around
and quickly surveyed their work. Everything looked done to me. They explained that only one of
them would return tomorrow. All that they had left to do was to spray some sealant down to guard
against moisture penetration. I smiled to myself knowing that not more than 100 feet from where
we were pleasantly chatting, a pair of devious treacherous women were trapped in a living hell.
A living hell, that these men had unwittingly helped me to fashion around them.

	The next day I checked on Vicki I found her curled up in a fetal position, in her new bed, in
her new cell. I had been making her watch videotapes of my earlier rapes of her. She had not
been participating in her exercise regimen since I moved her into the new building. Her meager
rations too were being underconsumed. She was eating enough to satisfy me and to keep me off her
back. But still she was eating nothing more than what was needed to keep her alive. And she was
loosing a little weight too. I noticed this today when I made her stand. I stood before her
examining her nude body. I ran my fingers gently over her ribcage. They were exposed now more
than ever, and I could make out everyone of them and did to as I ran the tip of my  index finger
over them one at a time. Her breasts which were of normal size were made that much more
prominent by her diminishing figure, and I let my hands travel freely over them as well. Her
reaction was non existent. It was almost as if I had not touched her at all. The touch that
would have sickened her and caused her to run away in terror when I captured her initially, now
caused little or no reaction at all. I continued to touch her and pass my hands over her body
moving closer all the time, insinuating my body closer and closer to her till I was pressing my
body right up against hers and making contact throughout the length of our bodies. I tilted her
head back as far as I could and began to kiss and nip at her throat, taking pains to avoid her
iron collar which I had not removed yet. I kissed and licked my way up her slender neck and
covered her face with my kissing and licking lips. She let me, but she displayed no enthusiasm
whatsoever. Her behavior was acceptable but never really good. Despite all my efforts at shaping
and conditioning her to my will, I was beginning to conclude that she would never fully accept
her status the way that Stacey had come to accept hers. I didn't know why this was, whether it
was something about the differing natures about the two women. Or whether it had something to do
with the threats that I could impose upon Stacey's sister. I took one of her always-prominent
nipples in my fingers and pinched and twisted it and its ring till she began to show some
enthusiasm for the task at hand. She was now pressing her body against me, running her hands up
and down my body. I let my hand travel down to the tangle of public hair between her legs and
found her sex chained shut by the tiny padlock that I had pierced her with. Her natural hair
color of blonde was showing through at the roots as her frosted platinum blonde hair had grown
out slightly. As part of her preparations today, I would make her color her hair again, back to
the platinum blonde  frosted bimbo color that I imposed upon her. I liked that look on her.
Chiefly because with every change that I had to see her, and every time that she had a chance to
view herself, it was a symbol of her servitude to me. Something that was always with her, that
she could never reverse, until I said so.

	Because of the additional amount of time that the bleaching of her hair would require I gave
her a generous amount of time to prepare herself for me. I had given her nearly 2 hours to
prepare, and she had made the deadline, though barely.

	I watched with amusement as Vickie stood there, dressed as the little schoolgirl. Her ensemble
was perfect, from the crisp white starched blouse to the tartan wool skirt. There were several
items of her attire that belied the fact that she was obviously not a schoolgirl. The most
noticeable was her bustline. In particular, the visible nipple rings that were poking at the
material of the garment, and making their presence known to anyone who cared to look at her. No
schoolage girl ever had a figure like hers. Her hair, teased to the max, and makeup were far too
exaggerated to be a proper schoolgirl. She looked far more like a hooker, or perhaps a stripper
that was in costume of a school girl. Which was after all my desire.

      I made her sashay, and parade back and forth in front of me for a while, while I surveyed
my creative efforts. Once again I was the artist and her body was the canvas that I painted
humiliation on her. I made her lift her skirt, and pout just like a little girl. For the first
time, not counting those days when she had her period, that I had taken her she was allowed to
wear some panties. They were white cotton panties, and were entirely consistent with the
schoolgirl outfit she had been forced to wear. Her stockings were white as well. There were
large black bows on the tops of them, which added to her humiliation. The act that I had
compelled upon her forced her to snake her hand beneath her panties and masturbate herself for
me for a few moments. After a minute or two she withdrew her fingers from herself and made her
lick them clean.

	I made her skip back and forth in front of me. Which wasn't easy for her given the height of
her very un-schoolgirllike heels. I had her prance around till she lay prone on top of a short
table that I had converted to an altar, that was covered with thick padded leather. Her legs lay
off the end opposite me. There were all kinds of straps that I could use to tie her down with,
and several rings placed around the perimeter of the table that I could have used to keep her
from moving. However these I did not use, they were there of course. And I'm sure that they were
intimidating to her. This left her rear and crotch available to me at one end of the piece of
furniture and her head at the height of my erect cock at the other end. I made her take an
oversized novelty lollipop from her school bag and made her lick it seductively. All the while I
made her pretend that she liked what I was making her do. The height of her mouth was something
I quickly took advantage of. The piercing on her tongue was by far my best idea for her. She
never failed to use it well, on the sensitive underside of my dick. It felt extremely good, and
she knew it. Being eager to get me off quickly was our goal for us both. After I finished with
her she lay on the altar still and unmoving. I had to prod her with my hand to get her up after
the blowjob. Her lethargy was uncharacteristic and disturbed me greatly.

	I made her do this everyday for a solid week till she got the performance just right for me.
Then I changed the game, slightly. I added Stacey to the mix. On the seventh day of the
performance when Vickie pranced into the room she found myself and Stacey sitting there waiting
for the show. Also in the corner I had the two dogs ready to respond to my verbal commands to
protect me in case the two women got any ideas.

	Both Stacey and I were dressed up as though we were out for an evening at the opera. I was
dressed in a tuxedo. I had dressed Stacey up as well. She had on a dress that was off white in
color. It was strapless, and extremely short, several inches above her knee. It clearly too
small for her body, was made of tight clinging material. She had to be quite careful to not show
off her patch of pubic hair to any who would want to view it. She had to keep tugging down the
hem to keep her crotch from being seen. Her large breasts would then be in danger of being
exposed. Something she had to monitor and keep her eye on. I was thrilled by her discomfort. We
looked the part of an elegant couple dressed up for a night on the town. The only thing that
marred this impression was a collar that I had secured around her neck, made of leather and
stainless steel. It buckled tightly around her throat. I held her sitting perched next to me on
a love seat for the show to begin. As soon as Vicki got over her initial surprise, and the show
had begun I tugged at her leash and encouraged her to mold her body against mine and caress me
while we enjoyed the show. Vicki went into her act and was suitably sluttish. By the time that
she was laying prone on the table I had a raging hardon and it was bursting at the seams of the
pants of my tux. The red fingernails that Stacey was tracing up and down the length of my
erection was causing some distraction. But I managed to stay riveted on the performance that my
little schoolgirl was engaged in. Her performance had reached the stage at which I had stood up
and raped her orally each day this week. This time would be different in many ways.

	I stopped Stacey from caressing me and removed her leash. "Go on Cunt do your bit. Just like we
have been rehearsing this week." She stood and walked over to the table where her friend was
laying  on her stomach, still slurping on the lollipop. Though more apprehensively to be sure.
She circled the altar once, Vickie tried to turn her head to keep her in sight, but she could
not. Not without turning over on her back. After a few circuits of the altar Stacey stopped
directly in front of Vicki's face, facing her. She turned to face me, putting her rear end in
the face of her friend. Stacey peeled her dress down removed her breasts and began to caress
them. While she was doing this she hiked her skirt up and revealed that she too was wearing a
pair of panties. White silk panties that she rubbed into the blonde's face. She bent forward
toward me at her hips, forcing her pelvis into Vickie face even further. Stacey dragged one hand
from her tit till she reached her thumb into her panties and skinned them from her ass.
Presenting her friend with her task. I couldn't see very well from where I was sitting but I
knew that Vickie was licking at her friend asshole, however tentatively.  Stacey ground her ass
onto her friend's tongue dancing to some unheard music. I moved down the length of the loveseat
to get a better view, which I got. I could see the pink tongue snapping out of Vicki's mouth
swiping at Stacey's asshole. Each swipe made her jump at the contact. Vicki's eyes were screwed
shut trying to avoid witnessing what she was being made to do. I had seen her make this face
many times before. Most often she made it just after she was first imprisoned by me. Gradually
it had worn off as she had become accustomed to the new life I had imposed upon her, and I was
surprised to see it here. It must have meant that she was particularly disgusted by what I was
making her do. After a few more minutes of Stacey forcing her ass onto Vicki's tongue, she
looked over to me, through her half closed eye lids. I nodded my approval for her to move onto
the next phase. She danced forward away from the contact of Vicki's mouth, and turned her body
around to face her friend. Her hands moved down her body to pull the front half of her panties
down. She let them fall first to her knees. Where the natural shape of her legs stopped them
temporarily as they fell to the floor. Instead of the expected vagina, Vickie was presented with
a strap on dildo to service. It was molded after my own. It had a natural curve and was covered
in thick veins and ridges. It was a beautiful sight to see Vicki's mouth stretched over the fake
erection as she took it into her mouth and began to lick and suck at the artificial penis. Soon
she had gotten used to having her mouth filled with unyielding plastic dick. And Stacey began to
pump her hips into the face of her friend, driving the length of her strap on appendage into her
mouth again and again, fucking her friend's face. Just like I had been doing everyday this week.
This lesbian strap on sex festival was too much or me. I simply could not stand to watch any
more of it. My erection was driving my decisions. I sprang off the loveseat and darted toward
the obscene coupling of the women. My approach to them caught their attention. I nudged Stacey
out of Vicki's mouth and she walked around the table till she reached the other end of the
table. I bent down to Vicki's face and took her chin in my hands. "How'd you like that whore?"
She tried to keep her eyes closed in the presence of my leering face. But I wouldn't be
satisfied with that. and shook her face till she was looking back at me. I repeated the
question. "It was OK Darling." Stacey had placed her self right behind her friend. "Then I know
you are going to like this whore." Right on cue, she reached her hands underneath the soft
cotton panties that Vickie was wearing, and began to pull at them. They soon began to give and
were soon ripped off her completely. I leaned on Vicki's shoulders to hold her gently, as Stacey
closed in on her target. Stacey lined up her new cock onto Vicki's ass. This was the only hole
that Stacey had available as a target. As Vicki's vagina was still sealed by the lock that I
insisted she pass through the piercings of her vagina. As soon as the fake penis began to enter
her, she let out an involuntary 'no' as her rear was stretched to accommodate the intrusion.
This no gave me an opportunity that I did not want to pass up. I pressed my erection into
Vicki's face and began to fuck her face. She was too concerned with what Stacey was doing to her
ass to give my cock the amount of attention that I deserved. I withdrew from her mouth, a trail
of saliva joined us them dripped from my erection as I pulled away. This new emptiness allowed
her go gasp for air and groan at the anal intrusion. I held her head with one hand by her hair
and slapped her face hard repeadedly until her attention shift back toward me. I caught her eyes
with mine while her friend kept fucking her up her ass with her strap on erection. "Is cunt a
good fuck whore?" She closed her eyes, humiliated and answered. "She is Darling." I watched them
joined together grinding into each other. "Do you want it harder whore?" She nodded her head
humiliated...and moaned out her answer. "Whatever you want Darling." I looked at Vicki but spoke
to Stacey. "You heard her cunt. Give it to her good." She did too. She picked up the pace and
started to fuck her harder. As excited as I was my erection was fading. I placed it in whore's
gasping mouth and encouraged her to suck it back to its former status. As soon as I was excited
enough to come I would withdraw it from the reach of her tongue. To prolong the ordeal for
Vicki. She was soon reduced to a limp bundle of flesh open and vulnerable to our fucking. There
was no resistance to anything I directed toward her. Without coming in her mouth I walked back
over to the couch, and sat there watching Stacey rape her friend, at my direction. "Remove your
cock cunt." She withdrew it from Vicki's ass, and stood there waiting for my next command.
"NO..no...I meant unstrap it from YOU, stupid cunt." She moved quickly to comply, simultaneously
apologizing to me. She soon had it in her hands and was free of the male contraption. "Stick it
back in and get your ass over here." She pressed it back into the anal opening, she had just
withdrawn it from. She walked slowly back to the couch to join me. Her legs swung through her
hips, enhanced by the omnipresent heels that I had told her to slip on her feet. She walked up
to me and straddled me, sitting down on my erection like a pro. I let her slide down my entire
length, till I was buried in her completely. I sat beneath her, watching her rise up and down on
me content to let her ride me to a pleasant orgasm. Her head and glorious mane of red hair would
alternately blot and allow the light from an overhead lamp to reach my eyes. I reared up into
her, spearing her with my cock as high as I could get my pelvis. Reaching up to her breasts, I
mauled them roughly, causing a squeal to pass from her lips. I could not tell if it was in
delight or merely her expert acting ability. In the final analysis it did not matter. It was
just like her breasts. Who cares if they were fake, I enjoyed them and her squeals of delight
anyway, for what they were. I laid my head back to relax and closed my eyes to enjoy a lengthy
fuck from my preferred cunt. After a few more minutes I was interrupted by a noise, that I could
not place. Stacey too had heard it but continued to fuck herself on me. The noise repeated
again, it quick succession. Stacey had stopped fucking me and was sitting upright on my
erection, staring over into the corner where the dogs were tied up. I bend my torso around so I
could check on Vicki's position laying on the altar still. To my surprise she was not there.
Almost immediately Stacey jumped off my cock and right away she fell to the floor with a scream
in her haste to depart my lap. The blow from Vickie caught me by surprise, it was not
immediately painful as much as it was a surprise to me, and I quickly recovered. She was
screaming at me pure rage was displayed on her face. I had never seen anything like it before in
my life. The ugliness of her expression was terrifying to me. It was the first time since I had
taken either of the women that I have been truly afraid. Not even Jason holding a gun at my
temple had frightened me this much.

	I too fled the couch following in Stacey's general path. Vickie was swearing at me calling me a
"filthy fucker" and an "animal" and that she was going to "kill me" for what I had done to her.
Mostly thought the noises she was making were unintelligible howls and hate filled screams. She
was swinging at me with the antique branding iron. It proved to be a formidable, though awkward
weapon for her slender arms. During her attack I had the briefest chance to glance over to where
the dogs were tied up. Her attack had begun with the dogs, and had been effective. One of the
animals was clearly dead, it skull being opened by the business end of the branding iron. The
other dog was surely crippled for life, its head was severely deformed and one of his front legs
was bent backward at a angle that was unnatural. No doubt it would soon be dead from its
injuries. She took another swing at me with the iron. The air brushed past my hair. I had to
focus on her attack if I did not wish to join the dogs. Stacey had scrambled into a corner and
was cowering terrified. I quickly maneuvered the leather covered altar between myself and
Vickie. This placed Stacey behind me. The altar kept Vickie at bay, if temporarily. She kept me
in her sights but began to calm down and started to talk to Stacey. "Help me Stace! I need your
help NOW!" Stacey did not move from her corner. She was scared, scared of me for what I would do
to her if she joined this rebellion, and scared too because of the events. "I can't." was her
feeble reply to the pleas of her friend. "Do you want to stay here and get fucked by this pig
forever. I sure as hell don't." She took another swipe at me that I leaned away from easily.
"I've been fucked for by this pig, that's for sure." I decided that it was time to try and
regain some control of the situation. "I'll be fucking you by within the hour if I want to
Whore. YOU BELONG TO ME!" I shouted at her intending to shake her up. "You belong to me for as
long as I want to keep you. I'm still not going to kill you despite what you did to my poor
dogs. I can always get more dogs." She was sniffling now. "Big friendly dogs who only want to
keep you safe." I could hear Stacey stirring to her feet behind me. "I can always get me another
bitch in here in case I get bored with one of you. Can't I Cunt. "He can't get your sister if
you help me kill him now Stace." She tried to run around the altar at to get at me. The altar
was on wheels and it was easy to keep the piece of furniture between us. "We can kill him right
now. Help me kill him Stace, and then we can get the hell out of here." Stacey did not reply but
she did stand there shaking gently. I started to push the altar into Vicki's body. She tried to
keep it away from her, with one arm and hold her weapon with the other. It was a loosing
position that she could not maintain. She knew this too, and began to back away from the altar.
I shoved it at her with all my might. It caught her, and knocked her off balance. I lunged at
her, she swung at me. Her blow caught me on my left shoulder blade, I heard the bone snap as it
broke. She fell and I fell on her. "How's it feel to have me on top of you again whore? Just
like old times?" She kicked and screamed at me, she was wise enough to try and focus on my
wounded shoulder blade. "Fancy a quick fuck whore?" I finally managed to wrestle the branding
iron from her hands and pressed it down on her windpipe cutting off the flow of air to her.
Choking her. Choking the life and the resistance from her body. She turned her attention to
Stacey, and pleaded for help. So did I. I looked right at her, got her attention. "In the
dungeon, go get my some sets of handcuffs from the drawer cunt." She moved slowly at my command,
but she moved at my command nonetheless. Both Vickie and I saw her obedience. I laughed at the
expression on Vicki's defeated face. Stacey returned with a handful of chains and handcuffs. I
released the pressure on her throat, and heaved the branding iron into the far corner where the
dog's bodies lay. It clanged and clattered around in the corner briefly. Vicki's hands closed
around her windpipe as she coughed and sputtered some as fresh air flooded back into her lungs.
I placed the handcuff gently on one wrist, and got her attention. I dragged her around by the
wrist till she had rolled herself over onto her stomach. I took hold of her other wrist and
fastened her arms behind her back. It was a simple matter to use three more pairs of cuffs to
mold her into a hog-tie position on her stomach on the floor. Defeated and under my control
again. I was breathing heavily, the fight had taken its toll on me, and now that the excitement
was over my collar bone was beginning to really ache. I patted her on her rump "Welcome back
whore." Her frustration at being beaten  again boiled out from her, in a brief sentence that
said it all through clenched painfilled teeth. "I hate you!"

"We will have to finish our fuck another time cunt. Go and tuck yourself in for the night." She
responded with her yes darlings and walked back in the direction of the cells to reverse her
preparations.

	With the women secured again I checked on the dogs. They were indeed both dead. Her attack was
reasonably well thought out. She could not come after me till she neutralized the dogs first.
They were sure neutral now. Waiting for me to become distracted with Stacey was clever too. I
pulled her up by her hair till she was balanced on her knees. "Nice try whore, but I still own
you. Do you hear me I own you whore." I emphasized this ownership with a forceful tug on her
hair. "I'm gonna put you to bed for the night, but tomorrow I'm gonna fuck you again. Just like
old times." The months of hatred was loosed from deep within her. "You better keep me like this
if you ever hope to do THAT to me ever again." I started to chuckle at her foolishness, I had to
crab my shoulder. I only hurts when I laugh. "If I have to I will. But I'm not through fucking
you yet whore. But I bet I'll have you cooperating just like old times soon. I'm not going to
kill you, yet. But I am going to make sure you regret you attack on me." With that said I
dragged her back to her cell by her hair, past cunt who was by this time just stepping into the
shower. I slammed the cell doors shut behind Vicki. The double doors made a very satisfying
clang as they sealed her in. Snug as a bug. I waited for cunt to finish her shower and to towel
off. I watched as she obediently placed herself back in her cell, and checked the locks on the
door. On both of the doors to both of the cells I added a large thick mechanical bar to further
seal them in. We all realized that this meant that I would be leaving the compound for an
extended period of time.

	I did not know how long I would be gone. I intended to drive myself to the hospital for
treatment of the collar bone.

I arrived back on the surface to find that it was night time, checking my watch I found it to be
just after 8 PM. I started the drive to the hospital and was there within the hour. I told them
that I had fallen down a flight of stairs in my home earlier this evening. That helped to
explain the scratches as well. To my relief the injury was not as severe as I first expected. It
was a non dislocating stress fracture. There was no cast that was possible, or needed. I left
the hospital after a few hours with a prescription for some pain killers. Despite the ache that
traveled down my arm I decided I didn't need any medication. I knew what would make me feel
better, and her name was cunt.

	The first thing that I did when I got back to the farm was to check on the animals. Vickie was
in the worse shape of the two women. I checked on her, she still had a temperature. I did not
know what was wrong with her. I certainly was not about to take her to see a physician. Her
hog-tie position prevented sleep and further sapped her strength. Despite her exhausted state
she was still terrified of me when I entered her cell. No doubt she feared I would do something
horrible to exact my revenge upon her. How silly she was. It would be far more exquisite to
leave her for a few days, pondering what terrible task I would make her perform for her
transgressions that to punish her right away. I examined her and stared at her face for several
minutes till she relaxed still further in my presence. I removed her chains that had been
holding her in the hog-tie position since she had attacked me earlier. She collapsed back onto
the bed in the cell, and lay flat on her stomach. I pulled her head up by her hair and fastened
her collar back around her neck and left her like that. I was in no hurry to punish her.

	Stacey was not in such rough shape, compared with her friend. I found her sleeping comfortably
on the bed in her cell. Ever since I had first taken Stacey I had worked hard at maintaining a
record of her appearances in the popular press. There were newspaper articles, magazine articles
some national ones too, and of course television appearances. I had decided that it was time for
her to learn how her life ended. I showed these to her. One day I went to visit her in her cell.
The TV was blaring a porn flick for her amusement. It was some inane nonsense about women
converted into Hookers by new age music. I thought that she might pick up a few tricks from the
performances. I find that you can frequently find nuggets of useful information that are
educational even in the most obscure places. In reality I knew she would be able to teach the
Porn stars more than they could ever hope to know about pleasing a man. At least this man
anyway.

	The scrapbook was rather large and I let her read it at her own pace and leisure. It started
out with talk of the conspiracy between herself and Jason to kill her husband. Then moved onto
topics she had little knowledge of. Speculation about her lesbian affair with her Divorce
attorney. The their flight from arrest after the murder of Jason. This hit her hard and she was
unable to read for a few minutes till she composed herself again. When she did continue, she
learned of the discovery of Vicki's car, and soon afterward she read of her own drowning death
in Mexico, and the efforts of her Sister to try and claim the remains from the Mexican coroner.
There was a brief piece on her sister who was trying to put her life back together after these
trying events. She was trying to go back to school. But without the financial support she had
enjoyed from her older sister she was having to put her education on hold for a few years. There
were some pictures of the sister at her new job. She was the attendant at the drive through
window of an eatery near the University. That way she could stay in touch with her former
friends from school as they continued their education. I also had her watch a videotaped
interview of her sister in which the poor girl tried to defend her older sister, and professed
her belief in her innocence. But that since her death in Mexico, there would be no trial to
decide this once and for all. There was a matching piece with a picture of myself sitting with
the girl. I had volunteered my services to help her clear her sister's name. This was all too
touching. Too bad that everything I had found seemed to incriminate her even more. Stacey was
filled with emotion and could barely sit still to read the rest. Hers eyes were flowing freely
with tears. The newsprint of the scrapbook was being soaked with them.

	There was also news of Richard Potter's engagement to his newest love of his life, his former
Nurse. Stacey could be proud of her actions, on one level anyway. After all her actions had
brought them together. If she had never tried to kill her husband he would never have had the
chance to meet her. Sweet girl, at least I thought so in from the picture in the paper. Her hand
was resting on his thigh. I remembered meeting her at his mansion that day. She sure knew how to
fill out a sweater. In the pictures in the society column of the paper, her chest looked even
fuller. Perhaps Mr. Potters millions had worked their magic on her bustline as well. Toward the
end of the book I had made another contribution to the Stacey Potter story. It was a close-up
picture of her face. There was enough makeup on her face to make even the cheapest streetwalker
mistake her of one of their own. Her eyes were wide open and staring straight ahead at my
erection. Vickie had taken the picture, and she had done a good job of it too. She had framed
the picture perfectly to catch the jet of my cum as it arced through the air and splashed into
her mouth and against her face. The image of her was the personification of what she was today.
Of the slut that I had made her into, and would keep her as. For as long as I found her
entertaining and desirable. She looked at the picture briefly then closed the scrapbook. She
handed her life back to me. "Is it true? I this what you did to me?" I thought for a moment and
answered her. "NO cunt. This is what you did to yourself. What your greed did to you. Your greed
led you to marry for money rather than love. It wasn't a great life, but many women would have
been glad to change places with you. Some have even killed to get into such a situation. But
your greed was your downfall. It led you to attempt murder to escape your gilded cage. The
gilded cage that you worked so hard to marry into. Your greed that led you into my care and
precipitated all these events. Sure I did it to you but it was your greed that killed Jason and
brought you here. You and your friend. My cunt and my whore." I swept my arm in a broad sweep of
her surroundings. "Your new cage is not as lavish as the one your greed freed you from. But you
don't really mind do you cunt?" I didn't give her a chance to answer. She was going to answer
this rhetorical question, she could not take the chance not to answer for fear of reprisal in
case it was not rhetorical. "It does not matter if you mind anyway cunt. All that matters is
that I don't mind your living conditions. And I don't in fact I find them just fine."

	I had decided on further duties for her, to keep her busy. She was doing her own laundry,
thought her wardrobe was limited to silly frilly lingerie. There was no reason that I could not
add to her workload. From now on I would deliver my laundry to her. She prepared her own meals.
Likewise she would now prepare mine as well.

	After explaining her new duties I rose from her bed and tugged at the chain around her neck
pulling her from her cell. I pulled her through the bathroom/shower station, through the
dressing/makeup room, through the bedroom chamber where we had spent so much time together. And
into the multi purpose room. The was in effect a torture chamber. She was unaccustomed to this
room, being as obedient as she was. I spent a few minutes strapping her down to a table. I took
patroller pains to make sure her feet and legs were held down tightly. I ran my fingers over her
tattoo. The one on her ankle of a rosebud that was just opening. It was lovely work. An artist,
rather than a hack had made this mark on her ankle. I quickly blindfolded her so that her
tension, and apprehension would be increased. In the corner was a cart on wheels, that was
covered with a sheet. I retrieved the cart and uncovered it. I plugged it in and began to work
slowly and carefully. She recognized the sound, and when it began the irritating pin pricking of
the tattoo needle as it forced the ink under her skin, slowly spreading the design that I had in
mind for her ankle. It took me a long time. I was patient, I was an amateur who could not afford
to make too many mistakes. Some mistakes could be covered up. But I wanted it to look nice on
her. I didn't want it to look like a tattoo that had been done to her while in jail. It took me
the better part of an afternoon to finish what I was doing. I released her and let her remove
the blindfold. Her fingers traveled down to her ankle and felt around first, then followed by
her eyes to examine her new adornment. I had made two circuits of her ankle, the rosebud was
still visible, but it was trapped behind two complete circuits of chain that I had wound around
her ankle. A permanent visible reminder that she was my prisoner, my property and that I would
never let her go free. It also served a dual purpose. If I were to take her out in public, after
maybe a year or more of time had elapsed. I no longer needed to be concerned that I conceal her
rosebud tattoo. My explanation would go as follows. 'Sure she looked like Stacey Potter, but
Stacey had died in Mexico. This woman had a tattoo but it was different that the one that that
infamous woman had.' I planned on making another subtle change to her too. I liked her red hair
immensely. I prefer blondes, but I no permanent plans of changing her to a blonde. Maybe for a
week she could be a blonde. But I did like the idea of changing her into a more dramatic
redhead. Something bright and shocking. Something she had no control of, something that would be
humiliating to her. Although it was becoming increasingly difficult to find things that were
humiliating to her. She had been broken down so low by this point.

	I awoke the next day determined to do two things. I wanted to reward Stacey for her loyalty and
obedience, and I wanted to punish Vickie for her escape attempt. As frequently happens, the idea
came to me in my dreams. I wasted no time in making the preparations. Two my great irritation I
could not complete all the arrangements necessary to pull of the great event today it would have
to wait for the following day.

	I found that the longer that I spent with the women the more I missed the sun. This was in part
a motivation for the preparation of their more permanent dungeon with its pool and patio areas.
I made an environment that I could safely use them outside in the sun. It would be good for all
of us to have some sun and fresh air for a change. This day was certainly going to do me a world
of good.

	I had moved a long oak dining room table and three matching chairs onto the Mexican tiles of
the patio for the occasion. The table was enormous, at nearly twenty feet long. I had prepared
an elegant dinner party for us to celebrate the completion of their dungeon complex. I had
filled the pool recently and decided upon a dinner party to christen the event. I moved the
women to the table simultaneously. This time I had dressed their trim figures identically. They
were wearing their heels, and they were wearing matching bikinis which would be illegal on most
beaches. The price of bikinis was inversely proportional to the amount of material in them, and
these were incredibly expensive. They were quite see through, and if the girls moved suddenly
enough their assets would have tumbled out for me to see. They left a little to the imagination,
but not much. To minimize their flight risk, and keep in mind their status I had chained each of
their ankles shackled together by a two foot chain. They would not have much chance to escape,
and these fetters decreased what little chance they had still further.

	I sat at the head of the table, naturally, and directed them to take their places along the
sides of the table. Stacey on my right, and Vicki on my left with the pool behind her. The women
surveyed their surrounding. The building which housed them and the underground dungeon was new
to them, as was the patio area, the pool and the high rot iron fence that surrounded the
structure. Several dense trees and the contour of the landscaping prevented a clear view of the
farmhouse. But if you walked down the path to the gate you could view the farmhouse see the
highway with the traffic a few hundred feet in the distance.

	On the table itself each woman had a carafe of wine, and a glass (made of plastic as a
precaution). Each woman's dish was covered by a silver cover. There were fresh cut flowers and
candles on the table as well. The table setting and the environment was all too elegant.  It was
approaching dusk. By the time we were finished with dinner, we could all go for a lovely evening
swim. I gave this outlined plan to the ladies. "And after our swim we can all enjoy each other
in the hot tub." The implication of a mini orgy in the hot tub was unmistakable. "How does that
sound cunt?"  "That sounds great darling." I turned my attention to Vickie. "And how bout you.
Does that sound like fun whore?" She glared back at me with hate filled eyes. "NO." Was all she
said back to me. I could see Stacey trembling in her chair at the defiance of her friend. "I
thought you might say that.  I could chain you up and rape you forever, feed you through tubes.
Keep you alive forever. But it is your cooperation that I want, whore.  And I aim to get it." I
let the statement sink in for a moment or two. "We are going to have our dinner. Eat up cunt."
She removed the silver cover from the plate revealing her dinner. It was a pasta dish that I had
had delivered from a local restaurant. Curried pasta with chicken. It smelled divine. It was one
of my favorite dishes. I had ordered the same dish. I watched as Stacey began to eat it was
clear she was enjoying the meal and the wine. She ate slowly, and could not finish the entire
plateful of food. She had become accustomed to being fed very little by me and her stomach had
contracted to a very small size. Proportional to the size of her daily meals.

"You really should join us whore, it is quite a lovely meal that you are missing." She did not
react at all." By this time I had finished my plate and lay back in the chair relaxing. Stacey
was sitting, her back straight, and her posture perfect sipping nervously at her wine. I could
see her nipples poking through the delicate fabric of her bikini. They were puffy and soft and
tender to the touch. If she weren't such an obedient cunt I would have paid some cruel attention
to them, to cause her to suffer. But there was no need for that with this one. Vickie was
entirely different, this was my last chance to break her, as it appears that I had done with her
health. Albeit inadvertently. I could see her rings through the fabric of her top. Before she
sat down her garment, if it could be called that, was so revealing that I could see the tiny
padlock that I had placed in her crotch.

	"Eat your dinner whore." She didn't move, or make a sound. I approached her and crouched down
beside her, I placed a pair of locking pliers on the table near her plate.

"Don't make me say it again whore." She closed her eyes to me and the impending tortures that I
was threatening her with. "My name is Vickie." She was defiant, she never learns. "Give me your
hand whore." She did not comply. I had to take it, she did not offer physical resistance. She
knew she could not beat me physically, but she was determined to offer passive resistance. I
placed the small finger of her right hand in the grip of the pliers, and squeezed them shut. I
did not press hard just hard enough to get her attention. She gasped at the pressure of the
tool. Stacey chimed in. "Please, do what he wants. He'll just make it worse for both of us." I
squeezed still harder. "I already have a way to make it worse, at least for you whore."
Eventually she relented and gave in. "Ok...ok ..ok what do you want me to do." I released her
finger, there was no permanent damage done, just sore and redness. "Eat your dinner first, then
we'll start." I turned and walked back to my seat. As I did I heard her remove the cover, she
let out a blood curdling scream. I heard the chair fly back and fall over as she jumped to her
feet and stumbled back from the table. The silver lid crashed to the tiled floor. Her meal was
different that ours was. She had to be punished for her attack on me and her killing of my dogs.
Her meal was in a bowl that had high edges. Despite this precaution some of her meal managed to
get out of the bowl. I had managed to sit down at the head of the table by this time. She was
standing there shaking in fear.  "These insects are almost pure protein whore. They'll do you a
world of good. Now sit down and eat them before they all wriggle away and your left with nothing
to eat." I watched a stain beginning to form in her pants. She was so scared that she had
actually wet herself in fear. Her crotch and thighs were soon covered in her own piss. 

She just stood there in her bikini, heels, chains and piss, too afraid to do anything else. I
retrieved some more chains and leather belts and dropped them on the table. I held up for her to
see, her familiar ring gag. I snapped in taught in both hands. "Either way you are going to eat
these roaches whore. You can either cooperate, or I will make you do it. Choose!" Stacey was
sitting there crying. She knew that I would win, and she dreaded what she was going to have to
witness.

	Vickie made the only decision her battered psyche could, she made a break for it, running off
down the path screaming for help, toward the gate. I sat there knowing she would not get too
far. Not with her ankle chain keeping the length of her pace short. I let her get about halfway
down the path and started off after her, after first securing Stacey quickly to the table with a
pair of cuffs. You can never be to careful. I found her as she had just reached the gate. She
was clutching the bars with both her hands. I walked up behind her. She was trying to climb up
the gate but she could not manage it. She was too weak  to make it. Her ankle chain also
prevented her from climbing. Her cries for help had trailed on to more feeble cries for help.
She could see the cars and trucks driving back and forth along the road. Freedom, it was so near
to her now. But it would get no closer for her. She would never be free. At least not until
death freed her. I stood there with her till she calmed her self down. It took about 25 minutes
before she was ready to return to the table. When she was there I fastened her to the chair till
she could not move an inch. The ring gag went in last. She couldn't feed herself all trusted up
like that and needed some help. So I had cunt feed her the meal. After the meal we left her like
that and went for a swim together. Afterward we relaxed in the hot tub together. I took her in
all her holes, for several hours, then sent her to bed. I removed the gag from Vickie mouth.
Then dragged, still bound to the chair back to her cell, and left her like that. As soon as we
got there she fell back unconscious again. I wondered whether that kind of treatment would make
her more cooperative.

	The threat of ruining Barry's life with his little indiscretion with Stacey, had motivated him.
I did have to mail some pictures of his night of fucking my trophy wife to his office, with the
threat of sending these juicy photos to his wife. The little fucker must have tried really hard.
I didn't actually expect him to pull it off, but I am impressed with what he did manage to
secure for me. My companies name was added to the list of those companies selected to be called
upon when an inmate was recently released back into the community and into a half way house
setting. Because of the nature of my business, I was able to convince the parole board that I
didn't think that I could make use of any men for any investigative or security work. But that I
could always use some clerical help around the office, and that I would be willing to take on
some extra female staff in the office. And soon enough some profiles of recently released women
were being delivered to my office. I had them added to the regular courier package that I had
sent daily to my farm. 

	The next day I made Stacey change into the typical outfit I liked to use her in. I went to
collect her. I took her up into the real world, up to the patio. It was a glorious sunny day,
without a cloud in the sky. I had a plateful of assorted fruits and vegetables laid out for me.
There was also a pitcher of Margaritas for me. I had her remove my clothes. When I was naked I
sat down at the patio table. All I had to do was to make a gesture with my arm and she was
kneeling before me. She quickly thrust her head into my crotch and began to work on my cock with
feverish intensity. The folders of the soon to be paroled female candidates that Barry had
provided for my consideration were laid out on the table. It was time for me to review their
cases to see if there were suitable candidates for me. 

	I was amazed at the sheer volume of women from whom I could select my future employee from.
Most of the candidates were hopelessly unsuitable. Most were drug convictions, and they were
clearly so deficient in intelligence that they thought that the only use for paper somehow
involved rolling or otherwise smoking it. I had there medical reports too. I quickly discarded
those that were HIV+ and those that were otherwise unhealthy. I also discarded those that had
any children. Likewise any who had nearby relatives or other close ties to the community I also
placed in the reject pile. I was surprised to find that most were black too, which raised
interesting possibilities. I rather liked the idea of having a hot black chic chained up and
helpless at my mercy. I settled on a black woman who had exceptionally refined features. She was
shapely without being hardened by her stay in prison. She wasn't convicted for a petty crime
like drugs, she had done some serious time for fraud. She had embezzled large sums from her
previous employer, a bank. She was seriously stupid to try fucking with a bank. Maybe she had
learned her lesson. If she worked out, and I hired her, I think I would be well served by her. I
think it would be delightful to have her crawling to me and having her call me 'Mass'. The
thought brought to me a tiny twinge of guilt. Not being much of a racist I might have some
trouble pulling this off. But I expect that the feeling of having my cum slide down her throat
would assuage any twinges of white male guilt.

	The other decent candidate was a woman who was closer to my type, in her prison picture she was
pale skinned. Incredibly so, her skin was almost like porcelain, her long straight black hair
made the contrast that much more striking. She was not nearly as tall an the two women I now
owned, nor as shapely. The few years she had been behind bars had harmed her once shapely
figure, but it did not appear to be too bad. Her figure wasn't so bad that I couldn't whip her
into shape. She was the boney nun kind of woman, frail yet resilient at the same time.

	Her crime was severe also. She had murdered her husband, and had gotten a lenient sentence with
a 'battered wife defense.' You can always count on the lawyers of this world to find ways for
their weasel clients to cheat the justice system. The prosecutors were to blame too! Sure they
were overworked but they didn't have to make the situation worse by pleading every case with
some new trendy defense. Battered wife syndrome. Jesus its enough to make you sick. Jimmy
Breslin once wrote; "The only justice in the Halls of Justice, is in the halls." Well he ought
to come over to my place for a visit. I have a guest house than is full of justice being served.
Rough justice, sure but justice nonetheless. But there was still only so much I could do as one
man. After all, I only have room for one more in my guesthouse. Unless of course Vicki's health
failed even further. I had no way of knowing what was wrong with her. I certainly couldn't take
her to hospital. I also didn't want her to die either. But if she did I figured it would be a
just sentence for her crimes.

	Stacey's tongue was seriously distracting me now. I looked down to see her beautiful face
bobbing up and down in my lap. I let the paperwork fall from my fingers to the floor and
replaced them with her hair.

Like I said at the beginning. I'm not really a bad guy. I could feel myself beginning to cum
again.

Who to choose?

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Author's Notes

	I wanted to write a story to give back something to the community. Most readers have been quite
kind in their comments to me and I have met many people who I would call friends. Sad to say
that I have lost touch with some of you though. One of the sad perils of this modern online
life.

	I tried to work in the comments and suggestions that you provided during the course of this
work, but sometimes the ideas and suggestions, were a little too far out to include in the
story. (I.E. Aliens, radical surgery... etc etc.) Some readers took my decision to not include
their ideads pretty personally, as if I were attacking them or something. Several readers were
quite complimentary, not only to the writing but referring to the material as being able to fit
in a "genre" (I'm sorry but I thought it was porn, I.E. whack off material, rather than a
genre). Anyway...that struck me as funny.

	I had several goals in the work. I wanted it to seem somewhat realistic and possible. (Though
far fetched, several killers have achieved similar situations. Such notable criminals include
Gary Heidnik, Leonard Lake & Charles Ng, and of course who can forget the infamous nutter
Cameron Hooker and his wife. (Who kept someone imprisoned for seven years!)

	Of course I wanted to titillate readers as well, which I think I did. (As always you be the
judge!)

	I also wanted to leave the possibility of future chapters available, which if you have read all
the parts I think I have done this also. I do need a break from these characters. But I think
that there is some life left in the storyline. As always if you have some ideas that you would
like to see developed let me know. If I ever do have the inclination to do further chapter, I
may include them.

	I am working on another story that enjoys some broad plot similarities as this one. It is
tentatively called "Chipper." And I expect it to be a far more gruesome, and murderous tale than
this one. I expect it to be only a couple of episodes in length. More along the lines of the
Parker Story Drilling Devon. For those of you pervs who have not read it, I recommend it and all
the other Parker stories. Which are available at http://www.qz.to/erotica/assm/index.html

	And lastly I wanted to shock, which I think I did. I definitely wanted it to be non-consensual,
throughout the story, at least till the very end. Those of you who I haven't shocked thusfar I
hope I will with the next sentence. Elements of the story have been TRUE, and I have taken them
from my own experiences with the CONSENTUAL lovers of my past. About 60-70 percent of the scenes
described in the story are based upon actual events in my past that I and my CONSENTUAL LOVERS
acted out. I cannot stress this enough....THEY WERE CONSENTUAL RELATIONSHIPS!!! (nuff said!)

special_kwa@hotmail.com





The Trophy Wife
Part 9

Well I'M BACK! By popular demand you might say. With another fictional chapter, that has some
grains of true events in it. If you are coming into this story at this chapter I would urge you
to get the previous 8. There are a few ways to do this. Firstly just email me....I'll send it
as a zip file. You do have WINZIP don't you? Secondly Trophy Wife is on a few web sites now.
All are free, I hope.
 
Try Anakha at 
http://users.powernet.co.uk/anakha/index2.html#top. 

She has a collection of some of the better stories around.

I still just wanted to give something back to the internet community.

Hope all you fellow pervs enjoy.	

I had not used Whore in several days; she was not my favorite. Cunt was and I was spending most
of my time with her. Enjoying the feel of her hair traveling down my body as I forced her to
kiss and suck her way across the entire surface of my body. Knowing full well that she detested
every degrading act that I made her do to me.

When I did finally check on her I was surprised at Whore's appearance on the monitor screen.
She was lying on her stomach on her cot in her cell she appeared to be asleep but I found this
to be unlikely, as I had not been making any demands upon her time. She had not been eating
either. I had been making the girls compete for food for quite some time now and lately Cunt
had been winning all the calories that were available. I really didn't feel like checking on
her. But a good pet owner has to take care of his pets. Her iron collar was of course fastened
around her neck. I reached for the switch and gave her a blast of current. She moved and
stirred proving she was alive but her movements were far less than what I expected. Her illness
had progressed, and was now quite serious. I made the short walk to the guesthouse where I had
built the dungeon in the basement for them.

I punched in the code on the keypad and was soon lowered into the dungeon. The stains from the
blood where Whore had killed my dogs was still visible. I had made Whore clean up the mess, but
it is a funny thing about blood. It tends to linger around, even after a really good scrubbing.
I turned her over onto her back and there was a trickle of blood running down her cheek and
onto her pillow. I checked her pupils and they were non-responsive. She did still have a pulse
but it was slow and shallow. From all this I figured that she was bleeding internally.  I could
do nothing to help her. Except get her to a hospital. Something I was not prepared to do. I was
furious at her rebellious act of killing my dogs with the branding iron. But I would have
rather kept her alive and suffering continual rape at my hands. I felt that she would soon be
dead, thus cheating my plans for this one. I did not know what was soon to take her life but I
was certain that she had not managed to commit suicide.  My brutal treatment of her must have
broken her health in some manner. I watched her for a few hours, but her condition did not
change.

It was a shame to visit the basement of the guesthouse and leave empty handed. Cunt was only
two cells away. I opened the doors to her cell slowly not wanting to disturb her lest she be
sleeping, which it turns out she was. I wanted to shock her, to surprise her. To take her
again, just like it was the first time I took her again. I wanted her to be afraid, I wanted
her to scream and shake as I stuffed myself into her. I wanted to feel my will subjugating hers
beneath me. I wanted to feel her body soften under me as she realized that she could do nothing
to stop me.  So I did. I threw her to the floor, and screamed my directions at her. "Lean on
the bed cunt." She fell into doggy style position, without thinking about it. Without being
awake, without being fully aware of her situation. I crawled up behind her and was entering her
immediately. Before I was completely inside her she was thanking me. Thanking me for raping
her, again. As I had done hundreds of times before. She was right to thank me too. She had
learned that rape was not so bad. That there were far worse things that I could and would do to
her if she failed to obey. A simple fucking was nothing, especially when it came after hundreds
of others.

I rode her long and hard enjoying the feelings of control over her movements I had, as I
watched myself enter her and leave her cunt at the pace I was choosing. I was soon near to
cumming, so I stopped myself from moving and kept my cock buried deep with her. I started
spanking her with my right hand on her right ass cheek. She recognized this as instructions to
start fucking herself on me. The faster the pace of the slaps the faster she moved herself on
and off me. Soon I was slapping her faster and faster. I was like the drummer on a galley ship,
marking the pace of the rowers. Only in this case I was dictating the speed of her degradation.
My hand had grown sore, and I needed to use both hands. Soon both her cheeks were swollen and
red, but still she threw herself against my erection.  She had to pay close attention to my
actions, they portended my desires. I stopped slapping her and she knew to jam herself down
hard on me till I was done twitching and bucking in my orgasm deep within her. She faked her
own orgasm too, and least I think she faked it. Her efforts to please me were becoming so
practiced and professional I could no longer tell. Nor did I care, my pleasure was the goal not
hers. I pulled myself from her and collapsed back onto the floor panting and trying to catch my
breath again. My eyes closed, I felt my cock being suckled by her mouth. I had trained her to
do this after each fuck. I had training her to clean me and to try and coax another erection
from me after each cum. Alas, this time it was not to be and we both had to be satisfied with
the single episode. I left her in her cell as I found her. Naked and chained to the mobile
block in the floor that was attached to the rails that ran into the bathroom, dressing, and
bedroom chambers of the dungeon complex in that order. Before I closed the iron cell doors, I
looked back at her one last time. She was retrieving my cum from her crack and was licking her
fingers clean. There were only the tiniest hints of disgust on her face. Only I could see the
distaste on her face. Anyone else who saw this display would only see a lusty slut. But we both
knew better.

The black chick from the parole agency, Linda was working out, sort of. She was attractive
enough, and I could have easily captured her. All I was waiting for her tofuck up on the job.
Then I would have my chance. I did however keep her on the payroll while I waited running odd
jobs. Occasionaly I used her for some special duties, keeping an eye on certain people. Like
Cunts Sister Angela. I kept an eye on her too, eager for any chance to entrap her. The woman
that I described as a boney nun, Jacklyn didn't work out at all. Soon after she moved into the
half way house, she developed a serious drug habit and disappeared. I heard they found her
strung out on the street. Arrested her and she took off again after she posted bond. No doubt
she was trapped in some underground cycle of heroin abuse.

The next day I had a meeting with an old friend. He looked well, some additional weight, but he
carried it well. Success agreed with ol Harv. On a man such additions to ones waistline merely
confer stature. Another benefit of being male. He had chosen an atypical meeting place. A titty
bar. He was sitting in sniffers row, the chairs and tables nearest the stage. To add further to
the scene he was greedily tucking into a burger and fries as he watched the girl of the moment
parade herself before him. He was the only person sitting in this section. Harv was quite a
sight; no one would have mistaken him for the policeman of the year. An honor he had recently
been awarded. I grabbed a beer and joined him in at his table. "How's the weather in sniffers
row?"

He barely stopped eating, certainly he did not stop gawking to answer me. "Great I can barely
taste my lunch 'cause of her." Gesturing at the dancer who by now was squatting in front of him
flashing him her crotch. "Gimme a buck I want to show her my appreciation."  I handed him a
five, but he threw it back at me. "No I said a buck, what's she gonna do make change?" "Jesus
Harv." I handed her the fiver, and she slithered away to finish her set in peace.

She doesn't deserve it not that one, she a cold bitch.

"How would you know Harv."

"Easy, she a snitch of mine, least she was till a few months ago."

"She dump you for a better class of pig or what?"

"Nah worse than that. I'm not willing to risk my neck or the necks of any other cops on the
quality of her information. She turned out to be unreliable, a flake."

I gave him a questioning look, wanting him to tell me the story.

"She was hanging out with this biker, big mutherfucker. He was kind of the local enforcer. Ya
know when anyone needed to get killed they would sent Zilla over for a talk. Some times they
didn't even send him to talk, he would just go over and put a fucking bomb in the guys ass. You
know?"

I nodded and let him continue.

"Well Zilla goes and puts the biggest fuckin bomb in dealers car. Kills him good, but it also
kills his kids you know. Kills all three of them. Real messy. Well course Zilla can't stick
around now. If we pick him up his asshole friends think he's gonna rollover on them so about 4
days later we find Zilla's body in the river. We had to ID him by his tats. He had Godzilla on
his back and he even had the guts to have ITCOB on his biceps."

I must have given Harv a really puzzled look.

"ITCOB...I took care of business. In biker speak it means he killed someone for the gang. Only
Zilla had the balls to have that ink pushed into him. Most of the other animals just have the
patch on their jacket.

"So what does all this have to do with the peeler?"

"Weren't you listening, She was Zilla's. She knew he was gonna ice the dealer. She sat on the
info. She should have told us. Now she has that blood on her hands too. I can't use a snitch
like that."

I thought about what he had told me for a few minutes. "Sounds like you know it all Harv, why
didn't you go after her."

"Yeah I know it all, but knowing it is nothing proving it is where the game begins. You wanna
know who killed Kennedy?"

"You gonna tell me that you are the gunman on the grassy knoll Harv?"

"Nah not the dad the son. You wanna know who tampered with the fuel in Junior's plane."

I looked at him over my sunglasses, before I could blurt out bullshit, he started to chuckle,
which turned into a big belly laugh. "You private dicks sure all gullible people."

"Nah Harv, just paranoid."

"Well paranoid people live longer."

"Why didn't you threaten to out her as your snitch?"

"Jesus if I did that I would have to kiss all my other snitches bye bye." I wouldn't be able to
arrest OJ if he stabbed his wife on the street."

"In broad daylight." I added

"And then killed a waiter." Harv contributed

"And left a blood trail all the way home."

We chuckled at the irony of it all.

"I see what you mean about convictions being difficult."

I hadn't really paid much attention to the girl. I wanted to see Harv again and see if he
finally got that gold shield that he had been promised by the Mayor. She had by this time moved
on to a corner of the bar and had begun posing with other bar patrons, selling Polaroid's of
herself and the guys in provocative poses for ten bucks a pop. A lineup quickly formed before
her, as the schmucks lined up to hand over their cash to her. Harv was right she didn't deserve
my 5 bucks. The manager was upset that he wasn't getting a cut of the action. After all the
guys who came in only had so much cash with them. If they were buying pollards of her they were
not buying drinks. He had a point I suppose.

"So are you going to make me ask to see it Harv?"

Now it was his turn to look puzzled. "Your new gold shield."

"Oh that. The fuckin' Mayor hasn't given it to me yet. He's probably looking for a way to
change his mind. I don't mind really, what is important is that I have been put in charge of my
own section. I can now boss around seven other detectives."

"That's pretty good Harv by the time you retire you can come and work for me and the other 15
guys that I have working for me. I've got full dental."

"Why don't you go fuck off."

"C'mon don't be like that, I haven't even asked you for a favor yet."

He was finishing his drink and was squirming in his seat getting ready to leave. "What."

"You still talk to that guy who runs the puppy mill for police dogs."

"Dental plan not good enough for them?"

"No they were too stupid, not vicious enough. This time I want killers on legs ok."

Harv nodded as he rose from the table. "Gotta go." he mumbled as he ran off.

It was time for Harv to go roust some hookers I figured. That guy policeman of the year. Pig of
the year more likely. He was probably the dirtiest cop in town. If it was wrong and illegal
Harv had a piece of it.

The flash of the Polaroid camera was going off again. The line had dissipated and the next
dancer was moving on stage. She was a looker all right but she was nothing compared to the
first girl, the feature. Harvey's ex snitch. I had ten bucks to blow. I walked over to her to
get my picture.

"Hi I'm Tawny do you want a picture too." I nodded back at her. "Great sit here." She pointed
to a booth. I sat on the bench seat. Before I was comfortable she had tossed herself in my lap.
She threw one around my neck pressing her torso up against my chest. She leaned over to my face
and smeared a big pair of lips on my cheek. Before I knew it there was a flash in front of me
and the picture was taken. It had taken less than a minute. While I waited for the picture to
develop. I tried to talk with her. But she was too busy to talk to me. She and her driver were
packing up. She was in danger of being late for her next stage appearance. Like most dancers
they do a 20 minute set at on bar. Then they travel to the next bar and do another 20 minute
set. And so on till the end of the day. Her Polaroid session had been surprisingly productive.
Now that they were gone I noticed that they had left some promotional material behind. There
was a poster of her, and some biographical material. I took the poster and her bio. I decided
to make her a subject of my interest for a while. Over the next few days I followed her around
and learned as much about her as I could.

Her stage name is Tawny. She has many creative stage acts. Teacher, nurse, schoolgirl. One of
her more popular stage acts is that of a dommme, with cuffs and a whip that she teases the
audience with. She is a tall woman, not as tall as Stacey. Her bio tells me everything about
her. Age, height, weight, even measurement. Her figure is impressive, and she has a lovely flat
stomach that graces her body. She is a work of art, surgical art no doubt. Most of the pictures
show her as a blonde; however, I have a selection of her promotional material that shows her
haircolor in every shade. It is impossible to tell from her pubic hair what her true color is
as she is mostly shaved every time I catch her act. All her family lives out of town, back
East. She has a boyfriend, sort of. He is actually her driver who takes her from gig to gig.
Most of her friends are fellow peelers. It seems like the biker community had shunned her since
her relationship with Zilla had ended so tragically for him. She seemed like a good candidate
for my attention. But I would have to do further research on her. I ended up following her for
only a week before I came up with a plan that I thought would workout well.

It was easy to find out her schedule to know where she would be. On Saturday night she was
closing at a club that was near her home. She rented the basement of a house, and she sometimes
shared it with her boyfriend. Usually on the nights when she worked, and he drove her around.
On Saturday around noon when he got up, I watched as the boyfriend literally got out of his car
and kicked dents in his car. After it had conked out a couple miles from his place. It is
amazing how fast the little engine in a Chevette will self-destruct when you pour in nearly a
pint of valve grinding paste in the engine. I could see one of the pistons of the tiny high
revving engine hanging out of the bottom of the car between the front wheels. Today she would
need another way of getting around. And sure enough she found it. She was taking cabs from bar
to bar alone. And her regular driver/boyfriend was nowhere to be seen. Neither was the cab that
she had called to take her home from her last act. I caught up with her at her last gig, around
1 AM. I was in my cab. Getting ahold of the cab was the easy part. Taxi drivers go on vacation
too, just like regular people. But while they are gone they do a clever thing with their cars.
They pimp them out to other people to drive around for them. It earns them a little money while
they are at Disneyland with the kiddies. And it served my needs well too. I called and
cancelled her cab earlier, leaving me waiting for her a couple of hundred yards down the
street.

She soon emerged from the club, eager to get home after a grueling six-hour day. Even before
she had passed through the doors of the bar she had lit up a cigarette. A filthy habit that she
would give up tonight. Little did she know it but that was the last one she would ever have. I
would make sure of that. I tossed the running car into gear and ran it up to her position with
convincing abandon. She was expecting me, however she hesitated getting in to get a few more
drags from her smoke, before she threw it into the gutter. She tossed her costume bag into the
back seat of the cab and popped herself in beside it. We caught each other's eyes in the
rearview mirror. She mumbled her address, which I already knew. I pretended to not hear her
clearly and made her repeat it. "1122 Campbell, know where that is?" I nodded but did not
respond, save for moving the car away from the curb. I drove the right way to her place. She
was not in for a long ride but she tried to make the best of a short one, she was trying to get
some rest and was trying to doze of with a brief nap. Suddenly I felt something and the car
made a sudden lurch. Actually I made the car make the sudden lurch. "Shit lady I think we got a
flat." She was suitably impressed. "I'm not gonna have ta pay for this. Am I?" Ignoring her I
pulled the car over to the curb behind a newer Suburban. I shut the car down and ran around to
the curbside of the vehicle and as I approached the rear tire I quickly flung the door open and
pressed my stun gun into her ribcage. Before she could ever cry out more than the word 'what' I
had the current surging through her. Her scream of surprise was all the noise that she managed
to make. I had to work fast; I only had a minute or so to act. I tugged of her jacket to get
her arm exposed. She had on a T-shirt that left her arm exposed. I pulled the needle out from
my jacket pocket, I nervously fumbled with it and it fell to the floor of the car. It took
precious seconds to find it and jam it into her arm. The pain of my less that expert actions
caused her to regain a bit of her senses. Her eyes flew open and soon she was struggling with
me in the backseat. It was not much of a struggle and I soon had her arms pinned beneath me
along with her body. It was as if I could see the flow of the drug through her body replicated
on her face. A felt her entire body relax, and succumb to its effects. I felt it safe to remove
my hand from her throat releasing her jaw. In her state she was incapable of more than a
murmur. The word 'why' passed her lips. The answer would soon be all too obvious to her.

I had several things to accomplish, and time was limited. The street that I had pulled over on
was a street composed mostly of light industry. But still a passing car was always a
possibility. Firstly, I moved her to my Suburban and concealed her with a blanket. Next I moved
her prop bag to the Suburban, and secured the cab. I would return to collect the cab later,
after I had her tucked in safely at home.

My heart was racing almost all the way home. Anything could happen; I could run into some sort
of trouble along the way. How would I explain her presence in the back seat of the Suburban. I
could suffer a mechanical breakdown, or get pulled over. I needn't have worried however and I
arrived back on the farm without incident. It meant that she would never leave my care. I
quickly moved her down to the new dungeon underneath the guesthouse. I had something new in
mind for her initial training. A refinement that I had hoped would help to break her spirit
more quickly than I had been able to with the other girls. Accordingly I first placed her in a
small animal cage that I left in the torture chamber of the slave quarters. It was made of
steel rods that were about 1/4 inch gauge. Each bar was about three inches apart. That made it
quite easy to see the horrific surroundings that she was in. This cage was only about 3 feet
wide by 5 feet deep by 3 feet high. Too small for her to stand in and too small for her to sit
down in, or for that matter too small for her to stretch out and lay down in. The floor of the
cage was made up of steel also, but the floor was insulated from the roof and walls of the cage
by a heavy rubber mat. The ceiling and walls of the cage were connected to a source of
electricity. Should she touch them or move carelessly in her sleep she would get quite a jolt.
Enough to wake her up from her slumber, denying her from any quality rest and escape from her
torment. I placed her inside without a stitch of clothing on. No shoes, no socks... nothing.
Not even any jewelry, I removed it all from her. Part of taking everything from her that was
hers, that was familiar. Everything that was a part of her past, of her former life I stripped
from her. I did not think it important to make her strip in front of me, to help to break her
spirit. After all this one was a peeler, used to taking her clothes off in front of a roomful
of cheering men. That would not be very humiliating to her after all. I had a whole host of
other ideas that I figured would be deliciously humiliating for her. And I was eager to try
them out on her.

First I had to check on the other girls. Whore was surprisingly awake again, though she was not
on her feet or even sitting up. I had grave doubts that she would live much  longer. Her
abdomen had an ominous bulge on the left side that was warm to the touch. I was certainly no
doctor, but I thought that this was internal bleeding. It was certainly sensitive to the touch.
If her behavior warranted any discipline, I could certainly use this as a corrective tool. But
it crippled her too much to allow any bad behavior. "I need a doctor." She managed to whisper.
"Yes I rather think you do, too bad you won't be getting one." I smiled down at her as I said
this. "Maybe in the conventional prison you would get one but not in mine." She pleaded softly
with me offering to do anything for me. Which of course she already had done. But it was too
late for her. Had she been the ideal submissive slave right from the beginning I might have
found a way to help her. But her entire stay with me had been a series of rebellions. She had
not made herself valuable enough for me to keep her around any longer.

Cunt on the other hand was almost the mirror of her more rebellious friend. When I checked on
her I found her laying on her cot in her cell. To my surprise I found her wearing a pair of
heels on her feet. Her legs were incased in a pair of stockings. Her face had a heavy coating
of makeup, her lips and nails were perfectly done and her red hair was well groomed, teased to
its biggest. Big enough to get her an audition as a pro cheerleader. Or maybe as a bimbo role
in some flaky TV tit show program. I had not ordained this appearance. She had taken it upon
herself to keep herself prepared like this. Prepare like this for me. Just in case, in case I
had the itch late at night and had decided to scratch it again. She lay on her back trying to
entice me into entering her cell. She ran her tongue around and around her lips suggestively. I
knew it could not happen, but I was surprised that her tongue did not get trapped by the heavy
coating of her ruby red lipstick as it traveled over her lips. She moved her body like she did
when I was fucking her. Her whole demeanor was enticing me to enter and use her again. I wanted
to. I wanted to very much. I started to open the cell door, then stopped myself and relocked
the door sealing her in. The only fuck better than the one you have, is the one that got away.
I would remember every detail of Cunt's appearance as I took the new girl for the first time.
She was all I could ever have wanted in a bedmate. I had made her that way. It was odd in a way
as I preferred blondes. Perhaps the many times that I had been with her had broadened my
tastes. Something else I had to thank her for.

Before I could begin to enjoy my new captive I had work to do. I left my newest captive in her
cage alone in the dark. In the dark except for a few spot lights trained on her cage. I wanted
her predicament to be easily recorded on video in case I missed her first few terrifying
moments of her captivity. I didn't want to miss any of her fear and confusion. I pointed four
cameras at her cage to catch all the action. Then I called a real cab to take me back to the
street where I had dumped by rented cab. It was there but rather than taking it back home
directly I drove it over to her place. I had her keys and it was a simple matter to enter her
place. I quickly found her suitcases and began to hastily fill them. I packed her clothes, her
frillies and an assortment of shoes. She had a cat. I didn't want to take her cat, but if I
left it behind then that would not be normal. The idea was to make it look like she had hastily
left town. She would not have left the cat behind. Thankfully she had a cat transporter, that I
tossed the cat and a bag of food into. Like most women she had a few valuable pieces of jewelry
that she would not have left behind. I found these hidden in her dresser in her lingerie
drawer. That's where most women hide items. Pictures, family pictures! She would not have left
these behind. I found them in a closet as well as a few that she had framed and hung on the
walls. I tossed these into her bags also. I found her stash, a baggy of grass. By the smell it
was pretty good stuff too. I looked around for prescription medicine in the bathroom, but found
none. Except for her birth control pills.

I also found a vibrator, it was big and colored purple with a red on off knob on the base.
"Barney" the dildo. The batteries were dead. I wondered if she went through a lot of batteries.
It was getting light out. After checking for anyone on the street, and any lights on in the
neighboring houses. I made my way back to the cab quickly. I again arrived back on the farm
without incident and parked the cab in the barn.

I had done it again, three desirable women snatched and secured for my use. Quite the little
harem. I should have been tired but I was not. I wondered if other men in my position, Cameron
Hooker for example had felt the same rush of euphoria. I checked on the new girl, on Tawny. She
had not stirred, not even on tape. I sat in the darkness watching her unconscious form, like a
voyeur examining my new prize. Her body was magnificent or course. It was tanned deeply except
for where the bikini lines were. It was a shade of tanned flesh that looked fake. Like she had
spent a lot of time and money on a tanning bed honing her body to be desirable. What a tax
write off. I bet her accountant loved that one. I wonder if he was clever enough to write off
her tits too.

I was torn from these thoughts of her body by it stirring to consciousness. She stretched in
her cage and came into contact with the bars. The current passed to her body and she screamed
out in pain. The sound of her scream tripped a different circuit that poured electricity into
the floor plate and shocked her even more. This current lasted a whole second. A very long time
when you are in pain. She was fully awake now and positioned on her hands and knees. Her ass
facing toward me. Pity as I would have wanted to see her face. But looking at her ass and her
cunt had its rewards also. "Holy shit, holy shit....Holy shit." She whispered it over and over
again, her heart racing and her breathing rapid. Soon all that I could hear was her breathing
as she struggled to not panic with fear. She tested the bars with her fingers just to see if
the current was still there. Carefully, very carefully she turned herself around in her new
home desperately peering into the inky blackness of the room. Searching for anything she could
see. The camera lights were bright and made that task an impossible one. Her eyes passed right
over where I was sitting without seeing me. I loved that, having her blind without being
blindfolded. She whispered "Hello?" testing to see if she was alone. Her next hello was louder,
this time she was testing the sensitivity of the microphone that controlled the circuit on the
floor of her cell. By the time she called out her third hello it was loud enough to give her
another shock. The chock lasted for a full second, it was painful. I wanted to teach her to not
cry out. I wanted to condition her to be quiet. I wanted to cripple her, to make her only able
to whisper 'yes' when she spoke to me. What better way than with electricity, and a little time
to wear her down. Thank you Ben Franklin!

I did a little whispering of my own. "Tawny." It was too soft for her to have been sure that
she heard it. I had to repeat it, a little louder this time. Her head darted around this time
more certain that she had actually heard something. Her eyes they were so blue and clear, and
wide-open searching the darkness for my voice. I said nothing. I let her lapse back into
uncertainty and confusion. Nearly fifteen minutes passed beefier I repeated the calling of her
name. She was predictably more irritated this time, and fearful. This time her eyes were full
of tears. "Please...please ....please." She whispered over and over again back to my unseen
voice. "Please don't do this to me." I replied with her name again. "Tawny." I whispered it and
drew it out long and lingering. "Please ...please let me go." I watched her again, I waited and
watched her shift in her cage. It took her along time to stop crying and calm down again. I
watched as her breasts swayed back and forth as she shifted on her hands and knees, searching
for a conformable position to spend her time. A position that she could hold for a long time
without too much pain. A position that would not take too much energy. A position that she
could hold for a long long time. How long? Who knew, not even I.

After a long wait she heard footsteps, my footsteps circling her and her cage. She tried to
turn to keep her face pointing in my direction. She could not turn quick enough in the tight
confined of her cage, and soon gave up and I surveyed her form. Some beads of perspiration
started to form under the lights. Making her look even more desirable. Suddenly down hard
against the side of the cage a long heavy bullwhip came crashing down against her cage. The
proximity of it, its sound, its heaviness against the cage. She screamed out of fear. The sound
of her scream triggered the current again. And she screamed even louder as the current tore
through her body. I threw the whip against the cage, it landed in the pool of light. She would
be able to see it all night long. I left her like that, crying and naked and helpless and alone
in her unfamiliar cage for the night. I left her alone with her thoughts and her imagination. I
left her imagination feeding on her psyche. Working its magic for me.

I slept, she suffered. I dreamed, she had waking nightmares. I had a night of dreams that
caused erections all through the night. She whispered pleas for mercy to an unseen tormentor. I
awoke refreshed and eager for the day to begin, just like Christmas. She started the day
without sleep, and terrified. More terrified than she had ever been in her life. Needless to
say it was not Christmas for her.

I started the day with a full breakfast that I prepared myself. I took my time eating it, while
I read the paper and listened to the morning news on the radio. Radio news is so much better
than anything that you can get on the tube. On radio they have the luxury of taking their time
to to examine the issues. No sound bites on radio. Still I could not spend the entire day
relaxing like this. I had some serious training to do.

I decided to prepare Cunt personally. Quite a surprise for her when I showed up at her doorstep
and freed her from her cell and then her collar. She was still dressed or rather undressed as
she was the night before when she had tried to entice me into her cell. I found her appearance
most stimulating and satisfactory for the little educational exercise that I had planned for
the new girl. I took her and sat her down at the dressing table and made only slight
refinements to her appearance. I had her add some long dangly earrings and a longish necklace
made of faux diamonds. There were matching rings and bracelets too. I had her pin her hair up
into a curl, I wanted to be able to see her long slender neck. Her heels and stockings were
quite suitable for this evening, but I wanted to add more to her ensemble. I chose a matching
lace robe, that covered her down to her ankles. It hid nothing from the imagination. Through
her heavily made up face I could detect her blushing in shame. I led her to the bedroom chamber
and sat her on the bed. She sat on the edge of the bed her back straight, and poised for the
events of the evening. "No matter what happens, no mater what you hear. I do not want you to
move. Understand?" She nodded her head and spoke her 'Yes Darlings' to me. I passed my hand
down over her eyes closing them. "Oh yes and no matter what, don't open your eyes." Again she
affirmed the command, and sat there waiting for whatever I may have in mind for her. If she was
nervous she did not show it. After all I had been putting her through these events on a nearly
daily basis for nearly a year now. An entire year of rape and abuse, and she looked even better
to me than the day I took her for the first time. It was wonderful to own such a luscious piece
of ass as her. And owning more than one was even better.

I started in on the new meat right away, playing my whispering game. As soon as she had become
certain that what she was hearing was real she asked the question that I had hoped she would.
"Please....what do you want from me?" At the sound of those words I snapped on the lights. They
were bright and harsh and they hurt her eyes. She looked around at the surroundings. The first
time that she had seen her new home. A most unpleasant sight, full of stocks and chains and
whips on the wall. A few other cages were scattered about the room. The tiny one she was in was
the largest of the bunch. After searching the room out her eyes half closed in exhaustion fell
upon me, her new owner.

I bent down hear the cage, near her face and whispered. "Do you want to see what I want from
you?" She nodded. I walked over to the far wall and dragged back an ancient tired mattress. I
dropped it in front of her on the floor. I stood there a moment waiting for her to grasp the
situation. I wanted to hear if she would agree to what I wanted yet. Instead she stared at the
mattress dumbly, uncertain what to say or do. "Watch carefully, and learn what I expect from
you." with that I passed through the curtains back into the bedroom chamber of the dungeon.
Cunt was still there sitting on the edge of the bed with her eyes closed. I saw her hand
between her legs, I watch her digits passing over herself desperate to arouse herself, to ease
my use of her. "Well are you wet enough?"

In answer she held her glistening fingers up for me to see. "I think so Darling." She was
plenty wet, but whether it was from herself or whether it was from the baby oil that I usually
insist she spread upon herself I could not say. Nor did I care really, as long as she was able
to simulate an aroused woman for me that was good enough. I liked it when she came from my
abuse, but those times were rare. Occasionally after a session with her I would catch her on
camera in her cell masturbating herself to sleep. To me it does not matter if she cums or not.
She is here for me, for my pleasure. No other purpose. It was time to show the new girl what
she was good for. I placed my hands around Cunts slender throat and squeezed slightly. She
started to choke, I eased my grip and her mouth spread into a broad placating smile. I raised
her from her sitting position by this grip and manhandled her through the curtain into the
torture chamber. She did not open her eyes. I maneuvered her onto her back on the worn out
mattress. It was well worn and torn in several places. The material was covered in stains from
many years of use. There was no sheet on it, and several of the springs were poking through it.
Tawny looked on the scene with disgust, but I made sure she kept watching, without speaking. I
banged on her cage with a crop to make sure I had her attention focused on the mattress. The
stage was set, I had an audience. It was time to begin. I took hold of Cunts legs, a knee in
each hand and spread them as far apart as they would go. She sucked in a deep breath as the
cold air struck her exposed sex. I displayed her wetness to the new talent. I dove on to her,
and took my rightful place in the saddle. It was all very comfortable and familiar. At the
first touch of my cock to her she took hold of me delicately, and started to guide me inside
her. I sank into her slowly, making her arch her back up into me in order to get me to fill
her. After I could not press anymore of myself into her I ground my hips into her pelvis
rubbing the whole of my crotch against hers. I kissed her, almost. Our lips so close that our
breath met and exchanged as we breathed in again. I held my ground letting her grind herself
around my hardness. She begged for it, like she knew I wanted to hear. "Please." The word
slipped out from her mouth. It earned her a single jab to her center. She repeated the word,
this time slightly louder than the first. I rewarded her with two jabs this time, the first one
particularly hard and vicious, the second one was agonizingly slow. So slow in fact that she
could not be entirely certain, without paying careful attention that I was in fact moving. Her
begging, was finally done right, "Please Darling..Fuck your cunt." Before she had even finished
the sentence I was tearing into as hard and as fast as I could. After a few minutes of this
pounding, one thrust managed to wrench a scream from her lips Her scream was loud enough to set
off the microphone switch completing the circuit on Tawny's cage. This triggered a scream from
her of course. I turned my head to try and see in her off in the corner, trapped in her cage,
but I could only make out her trembling outline. The idea that I could use the screams of the
debasement of Cunt in the abuse of the new girl thrilled me, and threaten to make me cum. I
slowed my movements but Cunt cried out for me to fuck her again, and she tripped the cage yet
again.

I pulled out of completely and rubbed my erection around the outside of her cunt, grinding my
erection lengthwise along her clitoris. I reveled in my power over this helpless woman. She
groaned in frustration. "Are you ready for your reward cunt?" She nodded her head rapidly, and
hissed her response. "Yes Darling."  I stroked myself against her a few more times before drove
into her for a few more thrusts. The cum began to surge from within me.

Almost before I knew it I began to come. I pulled out of her just in time to see the cum fly
from myself and splash down onto her belly. One particularly vigorous squirt managed to reach
her tits. As I was calming down she was retrieving the blobs with her perfectly manicured
hands, and transferring the jism to her mouth for her lips to savor off her fingers. In only a
few minutes she had managed to clean the mess off her body, and was still licking her fingers
clean. I crawled the length of her body to give her something more interesting to suck on. She
had been trained to try and get me up again after each cum. But this time I was content in
letting her merely clean me off. After I had let her do this. I stopped her. "Go and clean
yourself up and tuck yourself in for the night Cunt." She hopped up and left the room. I heard
her heels clicking on the cement flooring as she obediently left the room.

I made sure that the new girl was looking me in the eye. "Does that give you an idea of what I
want?" She failed to respond in any way, merely looking at me like a dumb animal. "I don't
figure that you will be able to stay in your cage too much longer do you?" This time she shook
her head no, too afraid to do much more than that. "I mean I could drag you out of the cage,
rape you, kill you even." That really scared her, just like I wanted. "You wouldn't want that
now would you?" Again she shook her head no. "No I didn't think so. Much better for you if you
give me what I want. If you cooperate." She realized the awful truth of it. "Why are you
picking on me?" "Have you looked in the mirror lately?" You mean that's it..my looks?" "No
there were a few other factors as well." She really wanted to know why, and tried to interrupt
me. "But I'm going to tell you all about that latter. You do want out of the cage don't you?
She brightened at the possibly. "Yes please." Poor thing little did she know that getting out
of the cage meant that she would soon be far more vulnerable to my predations.

Walking around to the rear of the cage I first disconnected the cage from the power source and
swung the door open. She had to crawl out of the cage backwards, her feet and legs emerged
first. As soon as her ass was available to me I ran my hands over it caressing her. The same
ass that was sitting on me a few days ago in the bar. Only this time it was much better. I now
owned the ass and could do whatever I wanted with it. After I was finished mauling her ass I
snapped a pair of leg shackles on her ankle. As soon as her wrists were available they took
were chained up, with a pair of handcuffs behind her back. I had to help her stand up. After
she was steady on her feet her neck received her collar. Like Cunt's it was heavy and iron and
connected to a long chain that led to her recessed block in the floor. The block would trail
behind her and allow her to travel the length of the basement dungeon, but of course no
further.

I moved her flawless body onto a metal stool that I propositioned at the far end of the room.
She perched on the stool, her body, her spine pulled tight with tension. She seemed unconcerned
at her nudity. This was not surprising. After all thousands of men had seen her body. A shame
really, I had hoped that being naked before me would be humiliating for her, but this was not
to be. Perhaps being forced to fuck me would provide the humiliation I wished to heap upon her.
Well we would soon find out. I passed a noose of braided wire around her head, pulling her long
thick hair through the loop. Having it made good contact with her flesh was important. The
better to conduct electricity with my dear. Having her hands behind her back did wonders for
her posture. She was siting bolt upright, as soon as I took up the slack in the wire noose. Her
breasts were thrust forward tempting me into action. I let a single finger, my index finger
pass over her left breast. I traced around and around the breast, gently touching it, avoiding
the nipple for several minutes. By the time I did drag just the barest tip of my fingernail
across the nipple it was puffy and excited in anticipation of my touch. An excellent sign. I
wonder what her mind made of the erect nipple. Would she try to rationalize the involuntary
reaction. It was just the cold, or the heat. Or maybe it was a reaction to fear. I kissed her
cheek. "Try to get some rest slave, we can get started tomorrow."

Of course I knew she would get no sleep. Or perhaps she would get a great deal of it. If she
wanted to escape me she could simply fall forward and hang herself. Then she would get all the
sleep she could ever want. It would also function as a good test of her courage. If she wanted
to die to escape me I had given her the chance on a silver platter. If I found her alive in the
morning, as I fully expected I would I could taunt her with her lack of courage as a further
way of breaking her spirit and humiliating her. After all I gave her the chance to defeat my
lascivious plans for her servitude. She must have wanted to stay and serve me. Elsewise she
would have taken the chance to escape the fate I had planned for her. If she made too much
noise I had made sure that the braided wire noose was hooked into the same circuit that her
cage was plugged into. The louder she was the more current that she would feel. Got to
encourage her to keep her mouth shut.

I certainly hoped to find her alive and even further subdued for my use in the morning. I was
beat, the tension of the last few days had really taken it out of me. I didn't have the energy
to fuck her, even if I wished to tonight. Which I didn't, I wanted to save the first time I
took, till she had had the chance to dwell on it for a while.

I didn't really leave her the whole night there only a few hours so I could get some rest. But
she had no clock and could not tell how long I left her there. Every moment must have felt like
hours to her. I had great difficulty sleeping. I was certain that she too had a difficult
night. I was proved right when I went down to check on her. She had not decided to kill
herself. Foolish girl, I was sure that in the coming weeks and months she would come to regret
this decision. If indeed she had the courage to make such a decision. She may in fact have been
trapped not only by the bonds and dungeon that I had secured her into, but by her own psyche,
which may have lacked the courage to take her own life. Whatever, I had things to do to her,
and had all the time in the world to tease these details from her mind.

She had her stool, I had my chair which I sat upon to begin my first training session with her.

"Good morning."

"Good morning."

"I'm going to begin with some questions for you. You need not wonder about the answers. You
know them all. And so do I. If you lie to me I will punish you severely. Do you have any
questions for me before we begin?"

She thought for a moment.

"You'll get caught. Your types always do get caught."

"My types. Who are my types?"

"Men like you, who do this." She looked around at the room at all the chains and whips.

I was interested in her thoughts, and decided to probe deeper. "Tell me just how do you know
that all men who are like me get caught? Do you read about them in the paper?"

She nodded yes. "Jesus it's no wonder you're a peeler. The ones you read about are the ones who
get caught. You never hear about the ones who do it right. Like me, because we don't get
caught. Guys like me you don't read about cuz we still have our slaves imprisoned
successfully." I let this new concept sink into her drug addled brain. Then added another jolt
of her new reality. "We keep our girls for years and years. We take good care of them."

Aside from turning her gaze into the corner she did not react to this revelation. I couldn't
tell if she was looking away from me, or lost in thought at how she could escape, or survive
this ordeal. I walked over to her and knelt down between her spread legs . I moved my head
right up against her flat stomach and began to drink up her fear and confusion. I could smell
her fear, it was sweet. It was like wine to me, and I became dizzy at the power of her
femininity. I began to kiss and lick at her flesh. I moved my mouth over her belly all over her
thighs and finally up to her breasts. She struggled in her bonds, but only slightly. She was
struggling more with her own fear and disgust at my touch. She was trying hard not to react to
my abuse, trying hard not to give me the satisfaction. I stood up and took my clothes off. I
made sure she saw the erection that would soon be inside her. The erection that would soon be
the center of her universe. She was suitably appalled at the display. "I can tell that you want
to get fucked by me." She didn't react to my taunts at all. "You may not think that you do, but
you do. You just don't know it yet." I watched her and began stroking my erection while I
starred at her.

"Your name on your birth certificate, what was it?"

She hesitated just for a moment. She was calculating whether I had told the truth, that I
already knew the answers to the questions I was going to ask. "My name is Brandy."

I looked at her incredulously for an instant. Jesus, I could not believe it. She had the name
of a peeler already, but still she changed it to Tawni anyway. "Correction, you have no name
now. I have stripped the names of Tawny and Brandy from you."

She nodded. "Yes."

"Last name, what was it?"

"Schroeder..I"

"That was your maiden name and you never married right?"

She nodded yes. "Can you take off the noose please?"

"Not yet. Tell me how old you were when you had your first fuck."

"I was fifteen."

"Really? I though it was the year you ran away from home. That would have made you fourteen.
Weren't you fourteen when you were fucked for the first time?"

"No fifteen, I managed to put it off for a year."

"A year! You managed to string along some poor guy for a year? I sure hope you don't think that
you can do that with me."

"No."

"Good 'cause I already fucked you, but you probably don't remember it, you were kind of out of
it."

The lie hit her like a fist as I had hoped it would. I continued with my questions without
delay.

"Did you come?" She was looking down at the floor, she shook her head no.

"You ever been with another girl?"

She started to stammer out her answer.."Well on stage I..we used to do a duo act."

"That's not what I mean."

"Well a couple of times after our show we sort of.."

"You let nature take its course."

"Yes."

She was being very cooperative. I was both surprised and pleased by her reaction. It was the
only logical course for her to take really. She wasn't going anywhere anytime soon and she knew
it. You find some of the smartest women in the most unlikely places. Some of the smartest women
I know are peelers.

We were in another room in the dungeon. It was a larger room, a common room holding a bed and
her stool, and the chair that I was sitting upon. I rose and released her from the noose
holding her to the ceiling. That left her hands still cuffed behind her though till I removed
them. She rubbed the circulation back into her wrists as I walked over to the bed. I had her
garment bag tucked in between the wall and the bed. I retrieved it and started to rummage
around in it. It was full of the props of her trade. It held all kinds of garments that she
wore, however briefly while on stage. Some had been modified to aid in easy removal with the
addition of Velcro fasteners. Velcro, a wonderful byproduct of the space program. I wonder when
they were touting the spin-off benefits of the space program did they have in my Velcro for
strippers? Most however were ordinary garments from store. There were short skirt, tube tops,
plenty of frilly panties, some leather. She had a few uniforms as well, teacher, maid, nurse. I
tossed all these one by one onto the bed.

As I surveyed the lot I was visited by the epiphany. "Which one do the guys like best on
stage?"

"Well I don't know really."

"Really? I don't believe you. Ok I'll ask you a different way then. Which one gets you the
biggest tips then?"

She didn't need to think this over. "The Domme outfit."

I held it up, it was a black dress, made of vinyl. I tossed it into her arms. She got the
message and began to put it on. It was not much of a dress really. It had more holes in it that
a dozen doughnuts. It was strapless and held onto her body by virtue of the material, and four
silver buckles along either site of her body. I suppose what it really was was a club dress. No
doubt she had used it to tease many men. Well her teasing days were over. Now she would putout,
everytime. Its wearing precluded underwear. It barely covered her ass. "Is there anything
else?"

"Boots, gloves, and my whip." I fished around and handed her these items as I found them. The
last item I found was her whip. It had a handle on it and about ten strips of black leather,
not quite three feet long. The handle was hard, and rigid and smooth. It was directly modeled
on a penis, but it was stained from use over the years that she perfected her act. I had seen
her act, she was right it was a fan favorite. I let her put on her granny boots and her gloves.
I held onto the whip though. I wanted to see how well it worked on her.

When she had finished dressing I moved her over to the cinderblock wall. Up high against the
wall I had placed some rings for docks that you tie up boats to. I had different plans for
them. Before to long I had her arms raised up high and secured to the rings. You can't go wrong
with chains and manacles. I had made them myself. It was easy, they secured onto her wrists
with padlocks. She knew better than to plead with me, for I am not merciful. I left her feet
free to kick at me. I expected that she soon would be kicking and screaming wildly. I swung the
whip through the air several practice times. It made a satisfactory swishing sound through the
air.

"Very impressive piece of leather." By now she had closed her eyes to me, unable to look. "Lets
see if I can take that dress off using it." As I finished the sentence I landed the first blow
along her left side. My aim was poor, I was trying for the lowest of the buckles but I was too
low and I hit her on her upper thigh. She gasped, she sucked in an entire lungfull of air,
twisting in the chains. There was a mark left behind.

"Please don't." I was surprised by this. Her pleas for resistance were coming a little late.
She looked at me through her tear filled eyes. "I'm pregnant." I thought back to her in the
bar. I had seen her drinking, and smoking. Two thing she would never do again. I would see to
that. If she was telling the truth, then she was doing her child harm. "If you are so pregnant
then why are you still taking your pills?" I dismissed the notion as a ploy and began. Soon I
was merrily swinging away at her. The buckles were surprising resilient but the dress was not.
Soon tears were appearing near the buckles. I did manage to unhook, destroy three of the four
buckles on the left side of her dress before I stopped. I needed to rest anyway. I walked up to
her, close enough to her body that I was barely touching her. I could feel the heat radiating
from her body, she smelled great. A mixture of sweat and makeup and fear. Her hair was a mess,
and I could feel tiny cuts and scratches along her ass as I groped her there. She had been
grinding her ass against the wall in a effort to avoid the blows. I let my fingers trace
themselves across the slash marks that covered her left side from her breast to her crotch. I
was standing between her legs now, pressing my knee against her cunt. It like the rest of her
was moist with her perspiration. I decided to test the waters using the handle of the whip. The
leather took her easily sinking nearly three inches into her. I decided to preempt her next
ploy. "Aren't you going to tell me you have AIDS?" She nodded at me yes. This too was a lie
intended to trick me. "Good me too, so you can't do much to me." I jammed the handle into her
as far as it would go. Only about five inched disappeared. I was expecting to go upto my elbow,
but I guess that the handle was a little too big around. She was finished now, completely
powerless to resist me. She had nothing left to bargain with. I could whip her to death and
nobody would ever know. She had only one option left to her. "Fuck me!" She was not a stupid
woman, she had no power to resist me. She knew she had only one card to play and she was using
it, now. No get out of jail card for her, only a fuck me now card to put off the whipping to
another time.

"How am I supposed to fuck you with that dress on." I had to chuckle at my own words. A blind
man with a dick an inch long would have no trouble finding avenues of approach through the
remnants of her clothing. It did nothing to hide her charms from view. This was just the way
she wanted it, a life of flaunting her body.

I stood back and swung at her some more, concentrating on the last remaining buckle that kept
the dress on. Finally, it cut loose and her dress was flung from her body, leaving her naked
yet again. "So much for the Domme." The idea of a woman dominating a man had always made me
sick to my stomach. And it was extremely satisfying to symbolically destroy the Domme from
within her body.

"Now we can fuck huh?"

"Yes ...yes....fuck me!"

"I'd love to, I really would but you don't know how to fuck yet. Oh' I'm sure you think you
know how to fuk but you really don't I mean you don't kno whow to satisfy me do you? not
really. But you will soon."

She was a bundle of confusion. Being fucked would certainly be horrible, as was the whipping,
but still she had convinced herself that it was preferable. And now I had rejected her. What
was going on? The manacles came off her wrist without much trouble. After al I had made them
myself, they were the best. I dragged her, and she stumbled along behind me on her towering
heels. I soon had her at the destination. Her training center; 'Center for the Study of
Advanced Fucking.' It was not far to where I was taking her. I swung open the doors to Cunt's
cell. "Professor meet you new pupil." I shoved Tawny into the cell, she fell into Cunt arms and
the two women were introduced to one another. Walking away I left the door open leaving them
them like that for a few moments, only to return with a notebook and a cloth bag both of which
I threw into the cell. "You'll need a few props Cunt, and that's the playbook, the program if
you will. I want you to teach her everything you know how to do that will bring a smile to my
face. She doesn't get fed either. Only water!" I punctuated this point with a raised finger.
Cunt was looking back at me, right in the eyes, paying close attention to my every word. "Once
you start her training you should be done in a few days. Well, you'll see how long it will
take. Use your own judgement, but don't keep me waiting too long Cunt." I turned my attention
to Tawny, staring her down. "I want to fuck her, you can see from looking at her that she was
made to be fucked. That that was what she was made for." Cunt was still staring at me. "You
don't want to piss me off do you?" "Your Cunt will do her best." I though about this for a bit,
while I closed the doors sealing them in together. And I hope she does to.

special_kwa@hotmail.com 

Here's wishing you all have a healthy fantasy life.




The Trophy Wife
Part 10

I left the two women to their own devices. I figured that in a couple days I would put Tawny
through her paces. I looked in on them a few times to make sure that Cunt was keeping to the
curriculum that I had specified for her to teach. I made sure to catch their first awkward
moments together. I thought it best to get them started on the right foot.

"How long have you been here?"  Cunt thought for a moment, then answered that she really didn't
know how long. "But I think that it has been nearly a year." Had it been a year already, I
didn't think so. I think what had happened is that being confined all the time she had
miscalculated the length of a day. She had also been subject to depression, given her continual
rape and confinement to say nothing of the light deprivation.

"A year!....A year." Tawny turned into herself, unable to comprehend how Cunt had survived the
ordeal, and certain that she herself would be unable to survive it. To have no power, no
control over any aspect of your life, your body. It was too horrible to imagine, she closed her
eyes shut at the thought, and covered her face. Cunt had been holding the course outline that I
had prepared for her to teach, but she now put it down. "I've had a look at what he wants me to
teach you." She reached into the bag that I had left for her and with drew a dildo that I had
made that matched my member exactly. It even had a caste of my nuts attached to the base, to
stabilize it when placed on the floor or a table. "It's very important that you watch and learn
Tawny. This is how he likes to have his cock sucked." Tawny ignored her words. "In all the time
you've been here, haven't you tried to escape, or fight back....or something?" Cunt tried to
shush her up, gesturing to the camera that I was watching them through. Tawny looked up to the
ceiling of the cell, and caught sight of the lens. "I don't think we should talk about this
now. There's no way out. I've tried. Do what wants. Do you best to keep him happy, it'll go a
lot easier for you if you do." At last the real education was beginning just as I had hoped it
would. "He has me and my friend Vicki here. I haven't seen her in a long time, I think he
killed her. Please do what he wants or he will hurt you very badly, He'll hurt me too. You
can't imagine the things that he will do to you if you don't do what he wants."

Her words were very convincing. I could see the fear taking hold of Tawny, seeping into her
consciousness. Imagining all the unspeakable horrors that awaited her if she failed me. The
cock-sucking lesson continued with Cunt closing her eyes and diving her head down on the rubber
phallus, lost in simulated lust at the prospect of tasting me there yet again. Tawny sort of
watched her tentatively out of the corner of her eyes, too embarrassed for her new friend to
watch too intently, but too afraid to look away, lest she miss a subtle detail. I watched for a
few more moments. I watched cunt hand the dildo to Tawny, as she tried to replicate what she
had just been taught. Cunt stopped her and gave her some pointers that were particular to my
tastes, to help her refine her skill on me before she even had a taste of the real deal.

I watched them together over the next day or so. I saw Cunt trying to teach Tawny all she would
need to know to avert my anger and displeasure and to give her a fighting chance at pleasing
me. I saw her learn how to walk, how to hold her body when she was standing, sitting and
listening to me. I saw her learn the names of things, of the body parts that she had formally
thought of as her own. But now learned that had nothing to call her own anymore. Not even her
body parts. "I think that he is going to give you a new name too, something vulgar, something
degrading just like mine. At first I found it hard to answer to the name. But I can do anything
now." She was right too. I was going to change Tawni's name. I had been mulling over the
possible names, but had not yet some up with anything suitably harsh yet. I was hoping for a
visit from the epiphany to inspire me at the right moment. It sometimes works when you play it
by ear. The last thing that I watched Cunt teach was how to masturbate for me. I watched her
explain how to hold her hands so that they did not obscure her vagina from my curious eyes. I
learned that she transferred saliva from her mouth to her hands, then to her pussy to help
lubricate the way, and to make her cunt all shiny and glistening for my eyesight. The day's
tensions and exertions caught up with them after that and the fell asleep in each others arms
chained to their floor blocks on the narrow cot. Naturally there was no bedding. My captives
could use that to make a noose and do themselves in. I didn't want that at all. That means that
they would win. That breaks the most important rule of the game. I am the only winner allowed.

The next day I checked on them again. Cunt was showing Tawni the lesson book now. In it I had
put in some of the thousands of pictures I had taken of my abuse of Cunt and Whore. Cunt was
teaching her about all the various costumes that I had compelled her to wear for my amusement.
I saw her learn the details of hair and makeup that I forced upon them. The unshakable rules of
appearance, red nails and lips and never any panties.

I pressed the release for the door to the cell that they were in, and spoke to them over the
intercom. "Take her and dress her up Cunt." She looked up to the speaker and camera. "Yes
Darling." They both scurried to comply quickly. I quickly switched to the camera behind the
mirror in the makeup station. But they were not there. Briefly panic shot through me at the
possibility of their escape. An impossible event to be sure, but one that I kept impossible
only through constant vigilance. After a few quick camera switches I did find them in the
shower together. Cunt was trying to comply with my demands and was running her soapy hands all
over Tawni's body. Naturally enough Tawni was resisting her touch and quickly passed her hands
over her own body cleaning herself as rapidly as she could. She jumped out of the shower and
started to towel herself dry. Cunt was still washing herself. "You need to do it slower next
time, he could be watching. He likes to watch us in the shower. Unless he wants us ready
quickly. Then we have to hurry." I could now switch to the camera behind the mirror at the
dressing table. I watched Tawni walking into the room. She was magnificent. With each step her
flesh jiggled pleasantly. She was all tits and hips, very curvaceous. She was kind of fleshy
for a stripper, but she was definitely my kind of girl. She sat herself down on the bench in
front of the mirror. Cunt was just now walking into the room. "Help her with page 95 of the
book Cunt. You decide what her wardrobe will be, I don't care. Just have her ready in 20
minutes. Twenty minutes was not much time and she quickly went to work coating Tawni's face
with a heavy layer of foundation, eyeliner, and heavy mascara. She saved the lips for last
brushing on the red lipstick with thick strokes of the brush. After the color was applied she
switched to another brush and pressed gloss over the newly red lips. I had the frame zoomed in
on Tawni face. She looked like she had been licking her lips all day. They were so puffy and
shiny. Her eyes were full and expressive, when she blinked her coated lashes swept down
brushing against her rouged cheeks. The final touch was a dusting of powder across her chest
and shoulders. I knew the scented powder well, it was a favorite of mine. It turned her skin a
delicately pale color, and made her skin all that much more soft. I was already hard with
anticipation. I had been teasing myself with her presence for the past two days now. I simply
could not contain myself any longer. I had to have her. I very nearly ran the distance to the
guesthouse. The elevator ride down to the dungeon seemed to take longer. than normal. Before
the floor had reached the bottom I had jumped off it and run to the door that locked them away.
I had expected to find them waiting for me in the bedroom. But the room was empty when I got
there. I waited on the bed, my irritation at being delayed was mounting. About a minute later
they walked in to the room, each of them followed by their chains and blocks. Such an ugly
attachment, though necessary. Tawny was dressed though just barely. Her breasts were cradled by
a joke of a bra that was barely visible in the crease below them. She had ankle socks on, that
were fringed with lace at the top. On her feet were a pair of heels. Dancing in them would be
impossible, let alone walking. The dominant color of her ensemble was bubble-gum pink, which
contrasted with her dirty blonde hair nicely. Oddly she was trying to cover herself with her
hands. Such modesty for a peeler, quite uncommon. I threw the key to Tawni's collar into Cunts
hands. She removed it and tossed it to the floor with a thud. Beneath it gracing Tawni's throat
was a pearl choker necklace. The words that described her best, though they were inadequate in
intensity were obvious and cheap. Just what I was looking for.

I pushed myself back onto the bed, still clothed. "Tawni come and join me here, Cunt you will
find a camcorder in the bureau. I want you to record the union of my cock with this hot slut
here." They both moved though Tawni moved with all the speed of a death throw inmate walking
the last mile. When she was within reach I placed my right hand around her neck and pulled her
down to me, pressing her essentially naked body into my side. I looked over at Cunt, she was
pointing the camera at us. "Are you rolling?" She raised her left hand and gave me a thumbs up
signal. I let my narration commence. "This is the first time that I have taken this luscious
woman here." I shoved her head so that her face was pointing toward the camera. "An event
you've been dreaming about for a few dsys now haven't you?" She tried to curl her mouth into a
smile, but she was just to frightened to manage much of one. But she did respond with the
proper "Yes Darling." Well guess what, I have too. I've been wanting to shove my cock into you
since the moment I saw you." With that I undid my pants and pulled my erection out. I was long
and hard and sticking straight up into the air. "Climb aboard." She did too. She swung her leg
over my body brushing my cock with it as she covered me with herself. I gestured for Cunt to
move up to the head of the bed. Not the best location to get the moment of penetration on tape.
But I was really into preserving her face for posterity. I find I like to see the emotions wash
across their faces. Emotions like fear, disgust, and horror. Nowhere else is the internal
battle between their common sense telling them to try and run, and their own fear so clearly
etched. She was sitting astride me now, still not eager to take me inside her. My erection was
brushing against her, with each touch another drop of pre-cum leaked from me. I could feel it
seeping out. "Don't tease me baby, sit on it. Now!" She started to move down on me. She was
moving to slowly, but I didn't order her to speed it up. If she wanted to draw it out and make
it last longer, I wasn't about to stop her from increasing her pain. "Do you know the story of
the Minister and the Hooker?" I asked her the question in my most friendly voice. "No Darling."
Her teeth were starting to press tightly together, as she slid down on me. "Well before he
fucks her he says a little prayer. Asking for strength and guidance. So she says just pray for
strength, I'll take care of the guidance." The point of the joke was almost lost on her, and I
had to tell her to take hold of my cock and feed me into her. "You're not going to make me tell
you to move up and down on me too are you? I've already decided that I am going to put a little
black mark against you for you lack of enthusiasm. Two more strikes and I shall have to punish
you both." With that she started to move on me slowly. I moved my hands to her hips and grabbed
firm hold of her there. I bucked up into her, enjoying the tightness of her. Her toned figure
made her that much more snug. Her lack of natural lubrication also added to the snug feeling.
Gradually she got into the swing of things. Soon her large breasts were flopping about freely.
I chided her about this. "Do hold on to your tits. Your bra is far to flimsy to keep them in
check." She moved her hands to them, and tried to keep them steady. I moved a hand to one of
them and started to twist the nipple between thumb and forefinger. She was catching on and soon
was doing this to both of them. I returned my hands to her hips and began to force myself into
her with greater vigor than ever. Soon I was merrily fucking away at her lost in my own lord of
lust. The sight of her hair flying about, and of the blush spreading across her chest was
starting to get to me. Had I been on top I would have started to slow down to keep from cumming
too soon. My cum got the better of me though and the first of many jets of my cum was soon
filling her up. The feeling of me cumming in her, the sounds I made as my movements became more
frantic and uncontrolled broke her from her automatic and forced movements. She crawled off me
and slithered to the bottom corner of the bed coiling her legs beneath her. Grateful to be able
to close them tight. I watched her as she moved a hand between her legs, as thought she were
masturbating for me. She was checking herself out. I watched her she was not too upset. She was
in shock really, especially so when she withdrew her hand and it was covered with my jism. "How
can...you. I mean how can you actually get off. You know..You know how much I hated that. I
know you know how much I hated it." She pointed at Cunt. "You know how much she hates it too
don't you! And still it gets you off." By the time she had finished her question she had
started to shake and cry in confusion. I was not confused. I know exactly what kind of man I am
and I proceeded to tell her too.

"Police keep society in order. The fear that they engender in society keeps society in line.
When civil disorder breaks out, or there is a widespread power failure society rapidly
collapses. Widespread riots occur, looting etc. When the Army is called out with their guns,
the fear that they dispense restores order. The Police act as a deterrent effect." She was not
paying too much attention really, but I decided to press on anyway. "Ironically I too am like
the Police. I keep order. Only I help keep society in line because I keep women in line. I am
the release valve that keeps society muddling through. If I did not exist to keep women fearful
and in line then society would fall apart. Once upon a time, before recorded history, men ruled
absolutely. Men ruled far more completely than they do now. But over time women have sought to
appeal to our more reasonable side, and have in effect diluted our absolute power to the
present terrible state that society is in now. Women have now got us thinking that they are
somehow equal. Until recently the world too ran on power. Before the muddling effects of
international organizations like the UN and the World Court. Might made right. Injustice was
the order of the day. If a powerful neighbor invaded, you were likely to loose your land.  Ask
the Palestinians or the Native Americans if the world used to run exclusively on power and they
will tell you the truth. Now if you are a dispossessed collection of people, or a tribe, you
can appeal to the international community and your cause will be given attention. People may
listen and you may find a measure of justice. As long as those in power agree to play by these
new rules."

"Society at its essence however, still runs on power. I as a tiny element of society also runs
on power. Nothing, and I mean nothing turns me on more than having power. More power than
ordinary men. I have my own power of course, and also the power that I strip from the women I
intend to enslave."

"If men like me did not exist then women would realize that as long as men were gentlemen they
would have all the marbles. I am the deterrent that keeps them in place. I am like the police
who keep crime down. Or the Armies of the world, who through their collective vigilance
maintain the international system. I help keep order, I am a force for stability, albeit an
unjust one. And I am loving every minute of it." By the time I had finished my little speech
she had regained her composure, miraculously enough. "Does that answer your question Fucktoy?"
Ah the moment of epiphany had indeed come and alighted on my brain and graced me with her new
name. "I asked you a question Fucktoy." "Yes." I kicked at her till she tumbled of the end of
the bed with a dull thud. "That's Yes Darling." Which she quickly repeated for me.

Cunt had by this time stopped filming us and was standing there staring at the scene dumbly.
When I reviewed the footage later she had thankfully gotten the entire rape on tape. Physically
Fucktoy was fine. I mean no one ever died from what I had just done to her. But internally,
psychologically that was another story entirely. I decided that I would get her something that
would calm her nerves. Something that she would like. I returned with a single cigarette, and a
T-shirt that she had in her gym bag full of props. The T-shirt was one of the promotional items
that she would toss into the crowd to help whip some enthusiasm from the guys during her act.
It had a cheesy graphic and the following slogan on it. 'In my next life I want to come back as
Tawni's chair.' It was cute, it got her noticed by promoters and helped her to become a
featured dancer rather than just one of the regular girls.

She was sitting crumpled on the floor, holding her smoke to her lips with a trembling hand.
Trying to be brave, but it wasn't working. She needed a light and I went to get her one.
Momentarily I returned with a packet of matches and a metal quart container, the opening of
which was a wide mouth. "If you're gonna get to wear a T-shirt I insist that it be a wet one.
Cunt get a shot of this." She pointed the camera down at Fucktoy and started to roll tape.
Fucktoy raised her arms out away from her body and vaguely toward me. I poured the liquid all
over her front. The garment clung to her like a second skin. Most of the fluid landed on her
but some of it splashed onto the concrete pad that made up the floor. It was cold on her, more
cold than normal somehow making her nipples rise up and pay attention.  I struck a match, which
sparked to life I tossed it at her and missed her body with it. She had jumped back
instinctively, away from the flame. It landed in a smallish puddle at her feet, which burst
into flames. The fluid was some sort of alcohol based solvent, highly flammable. She
immediately threw the cigarette away. I light another match. "Pick that up." She shook her head
no. "Pick it up before I burn myself Fucktoy!" My tone had turned sufficiently menacing to
convince her and she scurried to retrieve the cigarette. I light it for her and bent down till
I moved my face within an inch of her face. "Do you smoke?" "I used to Darling but I stopped
recently." I took it from her hand and stubbed it out. "Good answer." I went and sat on the
bed-pulling Cunt down into my lap. I bellowed at Fucktoy to stand at she did so promptly,
facing us as we sat on the bed. "You're the shit hot stripper. Go ahead and take of that
T-shirt before you catch a cold and croak."

She started to sway and coil her body around to the unheard music that was running through her
head. She stood in place, rooted to a spot at the foot of the bed. She ran her hands over her
body across the curves and mounds of flesh that were now mine. My hands traced a roughly
comparable route across Cunts body, in concert with Fucktoys movements. She coiled a finger
into the bottom of the T-shirt and slowly drew it up her body with that single finger until it
was stretched across her bosom. She was teasing her audience. She was teasing me. And she was
being a good little stripper for her audience. She moved her other hand to the bottom of the
T-shirt and moved it slowly up her torso till it was as high up and matched her other hand,
just revealing the bottom third of her breasts. She started to breath heavily and pant to the
silent music all the while swaying her body and whipping her hair about. She moved her fingers,
still curled into the T-shirt apart from the center of her chest till the T-shirt was in danger
of being ripped from her. To my surprise, that was her attention and the material was soon
split down the middle exposing her jiggling mounds to our eyes. She gasped out as though she
was in ecstasy, her head thrown back in mock passion. The remnants of it hung from her
shoulders. She moved luxuriously shrugging its tatters from first one shoulder then the other
as she turned in place at the same pace, till she had displayed herself in a single complete
circle. Once again she was naked again, except for the joke of a bra that Cunt had selected for
her. Having got her attention again I crocked my finger at her. She crawled onto the bed up to
me, past my outstretched legs till she was within reach. I inserted my hand into her hair and
pressed her down into contact with my legs. She had no option but to press her lips into my
legs and kiss me. After she had learned the way I could let go of her hair and let her kiss her
way up to my crotch. When she got there she was reluctant to do what was expected and needed me
to take her hair in my hands again. I made sure to hold her hair away from her face so cunt
could get right in there and record the revulsion on her face. I hoped that this would remain
there for many months, till she had finally learned to control even the faintest hints of the
agony she was in as I forced her to suck my cock over and over again till she bored me at some
distant date in the future.

I knew from the earliest flicks of her tongue that I would not be bored with her any time soon.
She cradled my balls up and away from my body and slowly ran her lips from deep within me up
the underside of my length till she reached the very tip of me. Having tongued the length of me
she repeated the journey several times till she was satisfied that I was ready to be taken
further. I followed her movements up and down the length of my shaft, as was Cunt with the
lense of the camera, who was mere inches from all the action. I noticed that her eyes had
started to well up with some tears. "Don't worry Cunt I'll let you have a try later on if you
like." She caught herself a bit and tried to get a better control of herself. "Thank you
Darling." I decided to press on while I lay back and enjoyed Fucktoys efforts. "Do you think I
have a small cock Cunt?" I watched the confusion spread across her face, as she struggled to
maintain the camera on the action and come up with a suitable reaction. "I don't think that
Fucktoy thinks that I have a little dick do you Fucktoy." "I mean you've obviously sucked a lot
of cocks." She managed to slurp out her answer in between sloppy licks. "No Darling."

I looked down at Fucktoys face coldly. "Didn't Cunt here tell you that there were certain words
that you no longer know?" She stopped sucking momentarily to assess my mood then resumed
quickly. Reaching the end of a stroke she slipped free for long enough to answer. "Yes
Darling." "What words do you no longer have any knowledge of Fucktoy?" Again she waited till
she had reached the tip, and a chance to answer between strokes. "I can no longer say, 'No, or
I, or Me", Darling." After finishing the sentence she then set about finishing me with her
mouth, and dove down my length again, with renewed vigor. "See to it that you don't forget
again." Without letting her get out the customary response I continued. "You never did answer
me Cunt." This time she responded immediately. "I haven't really had a chance to compare."
Despite the time she had to formulate an answer, it was a remarkably inept one, leaving me
plenty of latitude for reply. "We shall see about widening your experience base Cunt." With
pleasant thoughts of the indignities that I could heap upon Cunt swirling through my
imagination, I relaxed myself and allowed the cum to flow from me, feeding Fucktoy for the
first time I had taken her. It would do her good, she was after all dehydrated.

It was about time I rewarded Fucktoy for her service. I fed her, mostly fresh fruit, some
bananas that I made her eat suggestively, and some water. Actually a great deal of water,
nearly two liters of the stuff. "Are you tired Fucktoy?" She nodded her head, since filling up
on the fruit and water she had gotten visibly sleepy. Some of the blood in her system had
rushed to her stomach to digest her meal leaving her brain slightly starved. "Would you like a
cell just like Cunts?" "Yes please Darling." I liked the please. Focusing my attention back to
Cunt I told her to wait here till I came back. Then I fastened Fucktoy's collar around her neck
and let her away. I made her remove her nearly non-existant garments, and put them neatly away
in boxed on the shelves. I then supervised her shower, making certain that she cleansed herself
thoroughly inside and out using the dildos made of soap. When she was done I led her to a cell
door, and opened it for her. Before she could inspect it, I shoved her in it, and she fell to
the floor just missing the bed. Good thing too, or she would have fallen on the body of Whore
who had succumbed to her illness earlier. As I slammed the first of the two-door shut behind
her I could hear her initial screams, followed soon after by her pleas for release. She didn't
try to bribe me with sexual favors, not this time. I would not have taken her up on the offer.
I do not want to reward her for bad behavior. But I would have been pleased had she had the
guts to offer her body to me. I closed the remaining doors and waited outside the cell and
waited about ten minutes for all the fuss to have died down. I am always amazed at how someone
can adjust to almost anything if one sets their mind to it. Victim's of South American torture
endured unspeakable acts of degradation and still survived. So too would my pets, for as long
as I wanted to keep them around. The game was trying to keep it interesting for me now.

Cunt was waiting for me reclined on the bed. She had put the camera down on a dresser that was
nearby. I lay down beside her and gave her a deep long kiss, that was accompanied by my groping
roving hands, that moved from her neck to her knees and all the pleasant places in between.
"What do you think of the new meat?" She kept kissing me and answered through her kisses. "She
lovely. Your cunt thinks that she is just your type."

"You're right she is just my type." I rose and plugged the camera into a cheap TV I keep in the
dungeon area. When the show was ready I motioned for her to come over and join me. I sat in an
old creaky chair facing the TV, and placed Cunt on the floor also facing the TV. I started the
tape and scooted forward on the chair. My cock bumped into her head and nestled into her hair.
Despite the hair dyed Ronald McDonald red it was still soft to the sensitive skin of my member.
The tape was rolling and was focused in on Fucktoy's face just as I was taking her initially.
She turned her head away from the flickering image on the screen. That didn't make much sense.
I tugged at her hair and forced her to face the images. "You filmed it Cunt, look at it."
Fucktoy's cries and primitive grunts were now pouring from the cheap speaker. "Do you still
remember our first time Cunt?" A stupid question really but I wanted to be sure that she was
thinking about it. "Yes" The word was mumbled and solitary till I tugged further at her hair
and dragged Darling from her too. "I remember it well too." More tortured noises and groans
matches the images on the screen. "I watch your first time often. "With that I moved my hands
down to her tits and squeezed them. They still feel amazing to me, so full and soft, and
lifelike. "Do you want to see it?" "If you like Darling." I played with her nipples till they
were hard as pebbles. "Maybe I'll show it to you soon." I was fast-forwarding through Fucktoy's
rage filled outburst that followed the rape. "Can you guess what my favorite tape of you is?"
All the times I had taken her, passed through her memory. Hundreds of times, of positions, of
rooms, of costumes I had made her wear. Only a few stood out, but there were still too many to
guess, and she shook her head. "Please tell me Darling." "It doesn't look very good on camera
but the audio track more than makes up for it. Do you remember the time I threw you on the bed
and tore off your clothes?" It was the first time that I had taken her in her ass, it was
painful, and I knew she remembered it well. She remembered it even before I had finished the
sentence, I felt her shudder at the thought.

I was far too drained to do anything with her this evening and sent her off to bed. I allowed
her a light snack tonight as she had been so good. But she knew that she had competition again
for the meager calories that I allowed into the dungeon.

Her comments about my cock, that she didn't have anyone else to compare it to, reminded me
about a plan for her that I had shelved a few months ago. So I made a few calls to arrange it
for her. It took only a day or so to arrange. And I was most proud of the entire plan. In the
meantime I had a body to dispose of.

I suppose that in the back of my mind I knew that this day would come sooner or later. And I
had made plans to take care of it. I dragged the lifeless body from her cell while Fucktoy was
sleeping. She had spent the nights on the floor unable or unwilling to move the body aside and
take over the bare cot that was mounted to the wall. I wanted Fucktoy to have this cell as it
was separated by an empty cell from Cunts. This meant that they could not communicate with each
other, and would be even more isolated that way. I had a wooden crate all ready for her in the
barn and moved her nude form there. Her head hit the base of it with a thud. A couple shovel
fulls of peat moss, and some organic material was all that I would need. The dirt was not
enough to cover her, merely enough to start the process of decay. The heat of the barn would
start, indeed accelerate the process of decay. In a few short weeks the insect would lay their
eggs and they would feed on her and she would be consumed, down to the bone. Just as I was
about to nail the cover closed I remembered that I had pierced her. I reached down into the
crate and found her left tit. I pulled, hard and her body lifted up until it tore free from
her. She had  a ring through her other tit, and between her legs that I also tore free. I
pocked these and finished closing her in till she decayed fully. I remembered all the good
times now that she was gone. Isn't that always the way? But she was rebellious and had never
fully submitted to me. I didn't deliberately kill her, but I was clearly responsible. I
wondered what it was that had finished her. I speculated that she must have become pregnant,
and bled internally. But would never really know, and in a couple of weeks I could never know.
For she would be reduced to mere bones that I would scatter all over the county.

Later that day Fucktoy must have realized that she had the place to herself and moved up to the
cot for some more shut eye. She spent most of her time crying now. She paced around the cell a
bit too looking for any weakness that may be there. There weren't any of course, but like a
trapped animal she looked for them anyway. Later on I entered her cell. She was terrified of me
and moved off into the far corner, trying hard to melt into the cinder blocks. She tried to
hide herself with her hands, but I made her put her hands at her sides. The cold made her
nipples poke up, and I wanted to see them. She was literally shaking with fear. "So, whadaya
think Fucktoy. Do you wanna fuck or do you want something to eat?" She brightened a bit at the
possibility of something to eat. "Did Cunt explain the rules about eating?" "She did not
Darling." Fucktoy was careful not to use the word no. After all she was merely a collection of
holes to be used. She could not have too wide a vocabulary. She had to keep her head empty like
a plastic doll now. I motioned for her to follow me to the cart that I keep the food in. "In
order to eat you have to fuck. Your new here so you'll need to eat regardless of how well you
take care of my cock. But in time if you do not fuck like a practiced streetwalker, then you
will go hungry. Is that clear?" She nodded her head. I opened the doors and pushed her forward
closer to the cabinet. "Go on and take as much as you think you have earned." I stood close
behind her, so close in fact that my erection brushed against the cheeks of her ass. She
reached for an orange, and I ground my cock against her. She reached back into the cabinet and
made a move for an apple. I pressed myself into her ass and reached a hand around her to press
her body hard against my erection. She must have been screaming with hunger, but she stopped.
"I think that that is all Darling." "Ok Fucktoy." I closed up the cabinet and led her back to
her cell. She cut into the orange with her nails and shoved the pieces into her mouth. The
juices ran down her face provocatively. "Afterward, I'll be back to see you about this." I
pointed at my straining erection. She looked like she was going to be sick. She now knew that I
would visit her later, and she could now dwell on the horror for a few hours. "Smile Fucktoy."
She tried hard to bend her lips into a simulation of a smile. "Do you want to go back into the
small cage Fucktoy? I've got an even smaller one for you if you thought that one was too big?"
She shook her head no, to afraid to actually speak it. "Well then lets have a smile." She did
better this time, and she would do even better in the future. I decided to press her even more.
"Tell me how much you want to drink my cum." She gulped hard, blinked and tried to sound
convincing. "Your Fucktoy craves the taste of you cum Darling." I waiting to see if she would
say any more, but she was done. "And...Fucktoy?" She wracked her imagination. "And your Fucktoy
can't wait till she gets the chance to earn more of it." Good enough for me. The doors clanged
shut trapping her in till later. I left her wondering where I would return. In the meantime I
kept her busy watching all kinds of disgusting videos.

I had something special planned for Cunt. In fact I hand wanted to take Cunt and Vicki to a
party, and have them perform their Schoolgirl act that I had had them rehearsing. But the
arrangements for the event were too complicated to arrange in time to get Vicki to attend. So I
had to be content with taking Cunt only. My confidence level with Fucktoy was essentially
nonexistent. So I didn't think I could take her along.

It was the night of the party, and I had Cunt get ready. I had her dressed for an elegant
evening out. She was wearing a long black dress, which had some interesting purple inserts in
the bodice. It was strapless, and looked as thought it was an elongated corset. She had
matching gloves on. Her heels were of course high, and laced up the front. To her it was merely
another chance to get ready for me and perform. Nothing special in that. Nothing special that
is till I buckled a wide leather belt around her waist. Her wrists were fastened tightly to her
hips and secured with tiny padlocks. Reflexively she tested the device and found it incredibly
secure. It ought to be, it's made by a company to control hardened criminals in
maximum-security jails. It even comes with a remote control that I had pinned to the pocket of
my jacket. I pressed the button and she dropped to the floor of the bedroom, her teeth grinding
harshly, her whole body tensed with convulsions. Her back arched in an uncontrolled spasm that
lasted nearly 30 seconds. It was perfect, it completely immobilized her, and was excruciating.
"Do you like that Cunt it's made by a company called Stun Tech. They use them in jails to keep
the cons in line." She was still on the floor incapacitated. I bent over her body and drew her
skirt up to her waist exposing her helpless body. She had taken the time to moisten her cunt
with some baby oil, as was routine. I slipped in a medium sized vibrator and switched it on. I
filled her ass with a vibrating butt plug. We were going out on the town, and I decided to slip
a pair of panties on her. They was barely more that a string of material between her legs. But
it was enough to keep the buzzing plastic buried within her. I placed a blindfold over her
eyes, pulled her hair up past it and tightened it harshly around her head. Atop this I placed a
mesh veil around her head. It was crowning her and was simply too chic for words. It hide the
blindfold well.

I bundled Cunt into the Suburban for the drive into town. A chain, a foot in length made it all
but impossible for her to get in the vehicle by herself. She had largely recovered from the
50000 volts of current by now. The effects lasted nearly ten minutes. The club that I was
taking her to was in the downtown core. It was off the beaten path in an office area of the
neighborhood. For that reason it was reasonably deserted at this time of the night. Except for
those patron who were going to the club anyway. It was mere blocks away from the busy bar
section of downtown. Where more conventional party goers were to relieve stress in their own
manner.

Before we got there I made a little side trip to a burger joint I liked to visit now and them.
This time we were merely going to drive by it though. I stopped the truck and turned it off. I
had to remove her blindfold before I held up a pair of binoculars to Cunts eyes and held them
in the direction I wanted her to look. Eventually her eyes adjusted and she caught sight of
what I was pointing them at. It was a car from a security company. My security company, with my
newest employee Julie at the wheel. Then I moved the focus of her attention to the window of
the drive through of the burger joint. She started to shake and mumble. "Angela...Angela..."
The girl in the window was her Sister. I dropped the binoculars onto the dash and held up my
cell phone for her to see. "If you make one wrong move tonight. Try anything funny. All it will
take is a phone call, and Angela will be finished. Do you think you can remember that Cunt?"
She was desperate to convince me now, her head nodded and the placating words fell from her
pouty lips. They were mostly "Yes Darlings" and a few "I promise I'll be good." I was certain
that she would. I refastened her blindfold tightly around her head. And adjusted it till I was
certain that she could see nothing. Not even a sense of light through the soft leather.

It was a short drive to the club, through nearly deserted streets. Still I had to park the
truck nearly a block away. The was no one on the streets. I helped Cunt out of the curbside and
held her arm as we walked down the street. She was doubly hobbled, by her heels and be the
ankle chain that I bound her ankles together by. Short enough to keep her in line, but long
enough to allow a modicum of mobility. Soon we entered by the rear entrance and were soon
approaching the party through the kitchen. We stepped into the subdued party all but unnoticed.
There was a grand total of about 60 people here of so. The sexual balance was roughly along
gender with roughly equal male/female ratios. If you were a straight male you had to bring a
woman. If you were a lesbian you likewise had to bring a woman to get in. There was only a
single lesbian couple as far as I could tell. There were two homosexual male couples there so
the sexual ratio was a bit skewed to the male. Some sort of fetish wear was required to get in,
by at least one of the parties. So me and my Cunt were ok there. Most of the patrons were
sitting at small tables that looked as thought they had spent their former lives in a street
cafe. Some were milling about the bar, and still others were the typical wallflowers standing
scattered about the room. I had toured the place before coming this night. There was the
kitchen, a small room about 15 feet square that had been converted into a playroom with wall to
wall mattresses. A larger playroom that was upstairs, that had a bondage horse, and X cross,
and a table. All were covered in leather, so the poor subbie could not get too uncomfortable.
On the first floor there were a pair of washrooms that were often used for watersport scenes
when the joint was really hopping. Also on the first floor near the entrance was a small
cloakroom, that on nights like these was manned by a sub. On this night, the sub was a male, so
I kept my distance. Seeing a male in such a role is so counter to my worldview that it can
negatively affect my libido for days.

One woman, I think it was a woman was dancing on a small stage at the other end of the room
away from the bar. She was holding a dildo in one hand and a riding crop in the other. She was
kind of heavy, but she was moving to the music skillfully.

I found an out of the way table, sat down had Cunt kneel down beside me, pushed her head into
my lap, and considered finding Barry when he found me instead. We talked mostly into each
other's ears over the music. I could not resist.  "Hello Barry are you here with your wife?" He
was not too amused. "No, I am here with a friend." "Really, what is his name?" Poor Barry he
really doesn't have much of a sense of humor. "I've got everything ready for you upstairs just
like you wanted." "Good great work Barry. Say hello to Cunt here... you too do remember each
other I hope." Barry said hello to her, she recognized his voice as the man who had taken her
by the pool. "if there's nothing else then I think I might be leaving?" He was asking
permission. "Oh don't leave not yet anyway don't you want to stay for the show?" He bit into
his lip a little. "Alright I'll stay, but only for awhile." Cunt head was busy darting around
in my lap. She was listening to the room desperate to "see" with her ears what was going on.

The woman on stage had finished her 'act' whatever it was, and the Emcee of the evening walked
on stage clapping as he went. "Lets hear it for Anne, everyone." There was a smattering of
polite applause. I noticed that some of the more creative Doms were clapping with one hand
slapping on the rear, or other tender parts of their slaves. I suddenly found Anne's act worthy
of applause and joined in. "Is there anyone else who would like to give a demonstration?" It
was already late, and no one else made a move toward the stage, so I decided to. I pushed Cunt
off my lap and walked toward the stage dragging her behind me on her leash as I went. I
whispered my introduction to the Emcee, and he announced us. "Introducing Master Darling and
his slave Cunt."

I walked onto the stage and drew her up with me. There was a straight back wooden chair on the
stage that I sat down on. I pulled on the leash and she fell forward onto my lap with her ass
facing toward the audience. Her arms were still bound to her side by the Stun Tech binding. The
chain binding her ankles together was visible just beneath her long skirt.

"Good evening everyone. Tonight with your help I intend to give my Cunt a very special gift." I
was drawing her skirt up with my hands as I talked to the crowd. "She is so hot, let me show
you." By now her ass was fully exposed. "Tell everyone that you're a hot slut." She stammered
out the words in a whisper. "I'm a hot slut Darling." I pulled her panties aside, and the
vibrator in her cunt started to slip out. I pressed it back into her. "Could you speak up, I
don't think that everyone in the back heard you." She repeated her words, louder. "I'm a hot
slut Darling." This time the vibrator fell from her and clattered about the floor. I chided her
for this. "Sorry Darling." "You see how hot she is! She can't even keep this tiny dildo in her,
she needs to get fucked so badly." The members of the club were riveted on her ass. Her face
was facing away from the crowd and into the corner. I tugged harshly at her blindfold till she
had one eye exposed. "Read this card to the nice people." She struggled to focus on the 3 x 5
card that I held up for her to read. "My owner and I will be waiting in the upstairs playroom
for any and all Dominants who wish to use me." By the time she had finished reading I could
feel her start to tremble. I replaced her blindfold, making sure that it was on properly, once
again completely blinding her. There was nothing else to say. We made our way to the upstairs
playroom. Events such as this had occurred here before but they were rare, and the crowd was
stunned by the generosity of my offer.

Once in the playroom I pushed my blindfolded captive onto the device that was there. She was
bent forward at the waist, with her knees tied wide apart to the upright supports. Her chained
ankles were drawn upward. I had the device positioned so that her blindfolded face was toward
the door, to greet people as they entered. The walls of the room were covered in mirrors, so
anyone enjoying her could appreciate her from all angles. Her arms were still buckled to her
sides by the Stun Tech belt. But her gloved hands had some mobility. "You can still move your
hands to pull up your skirt cunt." Her long skirt inched its way up her long legs, inch by inch
in her trapped fingers till the tops of her stockings were first revealed to me, then still
higher till her high riding ass was exposed. I pulled the slender fabric of her thong
underpants aside and withdrew the plug that was in her ass. It came out with a pop, that was
matched by a groan from her lips. "I figure that your front is already sloppy enough for the
crowd, but your ass could use some preparation." I handed her the sticky butt plug, and the
vibrator that had been in her vagina, and was still on. "Hold onto these, and don't drop them."
She held the buzzing plastic in her fingers. I stepped behind her and drew her asscheeks apart
with my hands exposing my target. The plug had done its work well, and her sphincter was
relaxed, thought not too much I found when I tried to lunge into her in a single thrust. She
was resisting my entrance initially, but I easily overcame her and forced myself into her,
accompanied with a minor grunt of shock and surprise from her. In seconds I was enjoying my
ownership of her, and was easily penetrating her completely. I sawed in and out of her for a
few minutes content to take her anally at a leisurely pace. I wanted to test the rig she was
strapped to, and I quickened my thrusts till I was slamming into her as hard as I could. The
beams that supported us were nice and sturdy, though they did flex with the strain that I was
imparting on them. They were made up of 4 x 4 stock, with several coats of a hard black enamel
paint. It was strong and would hold up to a night of use. I wondered if cunt would prove to be
as durable. A pair of spectators had entered the room just as I had finished with her. I let
myself fall from her ass, and rubbed myself dry against her ass. After all the others would be
wearing protection. They would need all the lubrication that they could get if they wanted to
fuck her in her ass. I zipped myself up. And walked around my captive. I knelt down near her
face and kissed her, between the words. "Welcome to my slaves anniversary party Gentlemen.
Allow me to explain the rules. You can do pretty much anything you want to her except leave
permanent marks or kill her. Other than that she is all yours. Oh yes, you can't remove her
blindfold, you can fuck her in any hole you want, as long as you wear rubbers. Do you have any
questions?" Cunt was the one to speak. "Please Darling...only you." I ignored her and she kept
repeating "Only you." I tugged at her hair till she got the message and stopped her babbling.
The number of spectators had increased to three by this time. The man who had entered the room
first looked at me. "What is her safeword?" The poor fool. I had forgotten that these men
really believed that she was merely a play slave, rather than a real one. "She does have one
but you will never hear it. Isn't that right cunt." She quickly answered. "That's right
Darling." "Yup that's right she'll just obey. She'll obey all night long. After all she asked
for this night. I am just trying to be a good owner. Give the slut want she wants guys. She
more than ready for you all." Earlier I had Barry pre position a few items in the room that I
now went and got. BY the time I had returned to the middle of the room they had already started
in on her. A couple of the men were running their hands up and down the length of her body
running their hands down the length of her sides. Her strapless dress had by this time run down
her torso and her bare breasts were free and handing down from her body. They were straddling
the beam that ran the length of her frame, and were jutting downward toward the floor. I
pinched at her nipples till they were hardened and puffy. I attached the clips to them only
when they were full and could support the clips. The clips were attached to a length of
delicate chain that supported a bowl. The bowl was hand carved Maplewood. It wasn't too heavy,
I didn't think so anyway. Not even with the assortment of condoms that were in the bowl. "I
think that there are 20 or 30 rubbers in there guys. That ought to be enough for a while at
least." If you need more just come mention it and I get you more." There were some chuckles
from the men at that comment. The first man stepped forward, removed a condom from the swinging
bowl tore open the package rolled it on his erection and stepped behind her to take her. His
erection was not so large put it did have a wicked upward curve to it. He took her
conventionally slamming into her hard. Her hands still filled with the vibrator and butt plug
tensed and squeezed in frustration. She was utterly powerless to determine anything. Least of
all who entered her body. As he took her the condom filled bowl swung to the beat, increasing
her discomfort. Her crotch being occupied by the first man, was unavailable, but her face was
free to be used. It did not take the collection long to take advantage of this orifice. The
next man in line opened a condom from its package and placed the ring of the unrolled condom
into her mouth. His penis pressed against her slightly parted lips. "Use your mouth to roll it
on me baby." "Her names cunt." I interjected. He looked at me strangely, as though he was hurt
by her slave name. As though  her was offended. His gaze softened as his erection was enveloped
by her lips as they rolled the latex down his length. The two men taking her matched their
movements. Watching her being used it was to imagine that she had a single large cock running
through the entire length of her body. As thought she were a pig or other animal roasting on a
spit. After a few more minutes the first man in her came and removed himself, and the man in
her mouth seeing his chance removed his cock and moved behind her and took her. A packing order
developed from the anarchy. A man would get to the front of the line and get his condom from
the bowl. Then have her roll it on him, and wait to move on to either her vagina or her ass. A
few got so excited that they never made it from her mouth and pumped their cum into the rubber.
It was too bad that AIDS had made it so important to practice safe sex. I really would have
enjoyed seeing her body covered with the cum of dozens of men. But I wanted to keep her disease
free for my use even more. After all I had gone to a lot of trouble to capture her and create
the wretched creature who was being sexually devoured before me.

I watched her take a succession of men for the next half-hour or so. At first she participated
just enough to get the guys off to make her ordeal end that much more quickly. Toward the end
however she was essentially limp, a rag doll that the men used and came inside. Most me did not
last too long. One however did, and he all but took over the scene. When he dropped his pants,
he was enormous, John Holmes reincarnated. The last of the condoms in the bowl did not quite
reach the base of his erection. She noticed this as her face was nowhere near his belly before
the latex ran out beneath her lips. Despite her exhaustion she became aware of his size and she
was filled with apprehension and trepidation again. He walked behind her and lunged into her,
taking her conventionally. He made her beg for more of his cock, made her tell him she loved
the feel of it in her. While he was fucking her he told her he was going to finish off in her
rear. She could do nothing to prevent this. Except to plead with him not to. There was no
answer to her pleas. He kept up the pace of his fucking ignoring her. She must have squeezed
down hard on his erection to try and get him to cum in her vagina cause he mentioned how tight
she was getting. He pulled out from her front and prepared to fuck her in her ass. There was no
escape. She had only one hope left. "Please don't hurt me. Please do it slowly." He did too at
first anyway. I paid close attention as the massive length of him slide into her. She held
herself still as he took her anally. Another woman had entered the room. She was the slave of
one of the Masters in the room. She held Cunts head in her hands, and brushed her hair with her
hands. Murmuring soothing words into her ears. Several minutes passed before he groaned in
satisfaction having sank his length into her upturned rear. He kept himself still in her till
she began to breath with some normalcy again, and then he started the in and out movements. In
and out movements that built up rapidly in tempo till his hips were a blur in the muted light
of the playroom. A final shove, and a loud growl and he finished within her. I thought that she
would break free of the belt pinning her arms to her side. So hard was she pulling on them. But
the belt was strong it had to be to restrain a big con in jail. The condom was broken when he
withdrew, and her bowels were filled with his cum. Oh well, you try to be safe. Considering the
depth that he was inside of her it is not surprising that his fading erection was covered with
her shit. He chided her for this but did not make her clean him off. The woman who was soothing
my cunt moved to his penis and cleaned him up with her mouth. Obviously she was his. The show
being over I left and walked down to the bar to get something to drink. Some talk at the bar
was of the spectacle that had gone on upstairs. Her show had inspired several couples to find
quiet corners around the club to vent their lust but it had also caused an exodus of members
from the club who departed for more privacy. After about tem minutes of solitude "John Holmes"
came into the bar leading his slave girl and they walked right up to me. He  had a broad smile
on his face. "I've got to thank you man, that chick of yours it sure a great fuck. A lot better
than mine here." She looked suitably humiliated at being ignored and talked about in such a
manner. "I left some of the women working on her. I hope you don't mind?" I was shocked but I
assured him that I didn't mind a bit. In fact I wanted to watch some more. I was sure that she
wouldn't make any trouble, blurt out her name or anything like that. She had no way of knowing
whether or not I was watching her or not.

I found her on her back, with a woman sitting on her face, and another one between her legs.
The one between her legs was licking away at her, and also using the vibrator within her. She
was trying really hard to get cunt to cum. I noticed that she had the plug back in her ass, and
that her belly was a little distended outward. I asked discreetly of a man who was sitting on a
couch taking in the scene, and he explained that just before "John Holmes" had left he had
given her an enema, and plugged her to help clean her out. The plug had a hose going through
the hole in the middle of it and it was clamped off to keep the fluid inside her. She was
holding onto the end of the hose. The woman riding her face was getting more and more excited
by the actions of cunts tongue, but just as it looked like she was about to get off cunt turned
her head away from the bush that was grinding against her face. "Damn it she got it, already."
The woman riding her face said as she stood up from her. I could see that cunt had a condom
clenched between her teeth that she had fished out from the woman's vagina. The guy sitting
beside me asked the room. "Well anyone want it?" No one made a move to get it. All the guys who
were left were to fucked out to make it again. So I stepped forward and took my rightful place
within her. I even used the rubber, after all she had worked hard for it. She felt like the
Grand Canyon to my cock. No wonder there were no takers. Despite the pressure of the fluid in
her bowels she was inert beneath me. She must have been exhausted. It was like fucking a woman
who was asleep, or worse. I finished in her and sent her off to the bathroom to get cleaned up
with one of the two women. I followed her into the bathroom a few minutes later. There was a
woman chained up in the corner of the bathroom. She had her hands tied with rope behind her
back, and was tied to a urinal with the same rope. I checked the stalls looking for cunt, but
all four stalls were empty. I turned to the woman tied in the corner. "Where is she?" She
looked up into a corner of the room, there was a door with a tiny window above it that was
open. In front of the door a wastepaper bin was turned upside down. The woman kneeling in the
corner did not get to speak before I rushed over to the door. It was bolted closed from the
inside. It was an old fire exit that hadn't been opened for years. I pried the bolt down, and
kicked at the door till I forced it open. There was a Dumpster outside the window, to the right
side. If she had gotten out through the window, which was a miracle in itself, she must have
aimed for the garbage in the Dumpster. If only those stupid pricks hadn't untied her!

I checked the rest of the room and all I found of her was her blindfold, looped on a coat hook
inside on of the stalls, and the hose that had been inserted through the butt plug. My heart
was racing, I was sweating like I had just had an all night session with cunt. I ran back
outside and ran up and down the alley checking each way at the cross streets. I pressed the
remote for the Stun Tech belt continually, but I heard no reaction from her on the deserted
streets. I fell back against the brickwork of the alley, and slumped down to the ground till I
was sitting in the garbage and the filth. I had no idea where she had gone. She had
disappeared. God was I screwed now!





The Trophy Wife
Part 11

	Stupid ...stupid ...stupid. That was all that was running through my head. How
could I have been so stupid. I had obviously overestimated that amount of
control over her that I had. Or perhaps I had underestimated the effect of
actually seeing her sister had had on her. I had started pacing up and down the
alley. Very unproductive. My mind was filled with images of my own trial. The
crowds, the reporters. What a scandal. I had to avoid it at any cost. Trouble is
I had no idea where she would go. She had several options. She could go to the
police, and expose me that way. But that had the added disadvantage that they
would probably  arrest her at least until they could hear her incredible story.
After all she was supposed to be a murderer on the run who had died. That time
delay between the time she went to the Police and the time that they had a
chance to straighten things out would give me plenty of time to go and kill her
sister. Which is what I had been telling her I would do if she were ever stupid
enough to try and escape. She could go to the newspapers, but that too would
give me the time to get to her sister also. She was such a stuck up bitch in her
former life I had no doubt that she had no friends that she could go to. None
that she could count on anyway. The city was soon to come alive for the day
again. Soon the early morning commuters would be on the road competing with the
garbage trucks and other vehicles of the early morning.

	I finally decided that no matter where she was going to turn up I had only one
choice. I had to get to her sister, Angela before anyone else. As I drove the
few blocks to Angela's apartment the possibility that we were both going to the
same place electrified me. I flipped open my cell phone and called over to
Angela's place. She picked it up and spoke into the receiver, her voice groggy
having just woken up. "Angela, do you know who this is?" "YYess..I do what's is
it. What's wrong?" "Listen carefully...get up and get some clothes on. And meet
me next door in the parking garage."  By now she was fully awake. "What is it
what's wrong."  I could hear rustling noises in the background. I figured that
she was dressing even as we were speaking." "NOT NOW!" I screamed into the
receiver. I was trying to impart urgency into my voice, and I did not need to
act that much. "I'll explain everything when I get there. GO!" I hung up on her.
In moments I pulled into the parking garage. I still had my gun in my pocket,
but I pulled another one from the glove compartment. Soon I had the slide of and
removed the bolt from it. Effectively disabling it. Before too long I could both
see and gear her running down the ramp into the underground-parking garage. I
leapt out of the suburban to meet her. "Hand me your keys." She still had them
in her hand, and handed them over with out a word. I removed the clip from the
disabled weapon, as if to check it for ammunition, and replaced it satisfied
that it was full. "Here take this." I shoved the gun into her hand." Her hand
fell slightly, unaccustomed to the weight of a gun. I ran off shouting at her
wait for me in the truck. "Don't come back to your apartment..I'll be back in a
little bit. WAIT IN THE TRUCK!" I was gesturing with my hands for her to get in.
I watched her get in and close the door. I ran off toward her apartment.

	Her apartment was a small single. About 550 square feet I estimated. It was
little more than a bedroom and a living room each about the same size, ten by
ten rooms. The kitchen was a small alcove, and the bathroom was slightly larger
than a closet. It was tucked in behind the front doorway. Just room enough for a
tub, toilet and small counter. It was sparsely furnished like that of a student.
Which is what she would have been now had the reckless actions of Cunt not cut
off the money supply. I sat down in the dark and waited. It was hard to sit
there passively waiting while she decided my fate. No matter what, happened, No
matter where she went now at least I had carried through on my threat. I had her
little sister Angela. But still this was a phyrric victory as she was innocent.
I don't think I had it in me to harm her. Thus far I only had abused women who
were murderers, or conspirators. Women somewhat deserving of my tender
treatment. Angela was different in many ways. She was innocent, and far younger
than the others. Barely a woman. She was quite attractive, though. Definitely
Roman Polanski's kind of girl rather than mine. She looked too innocent, I like
them dirtier. I glanced at my watch. I had been waiting nearly a half-hour now.
This is crazy!. This is nuts! Cunt had by this time been to the police, and they
would be here shortly to safeguard her Angela. And I would be waiting for them
hear. The pigs would soon kick in the door and drag me away. CNN would say that
I had been taken into custody without incident. Fuck that! I could always kill
myself. But I soon dismissed that option. Basically I was too chicken for that.
I had to get out of here. Fast too! I rushed to the doorway now eager to leave.
The phone in the apartment rang just as my hand reached the knob.  I started at
the phone in disbelief. It rang a second time. It must be the police. They had
found the Suburban, with Angela inside and they must now be calling to ask me to
give up. Better that than to risk an officer in trying to take me. It rang
again, It could not be Cunt. After all Angela had moved since I had imprisoned
her. She didn't even know her sister's new address. Angela's answering machine
clicked on, and she her recorded voice spoke the incredibly banal words that all
answering machine messages play. "Leave a number beep" that sort of thing. And
then I heard a whispered voice. "Angela....please be there...please listen to
me. I know this is hard to believe, but I'm your sister. Please don't hang up."
I breathed an enormous sigh of relief. All the tension ran out of my body and I
slumped against the door completely relaxed now. "Angela ....please. I'm
downstairs now. Please buzz me in." I picked up the receiver and wordlessly
pressed the button to open the front door.

I heard her enter the apartment complex, and then hung up the phone. I went to
the front door and opened it slightly, then took up position behind it in the
tiny bathroom. I left no lights on in the apartment. Soon I heard footsteps
approaching. They were tiny mincing little steps and I knew it must be the ankle
chain forcing her to take such tiny steps. She moved into the apartment
cautiously, slowly. "Angela are you in here?" I let her take some more steps
into the apartment. I could feel my heart beating in my chest. I tried hard to
not breath too much. Perspiration was running down my face. I could taste the
salty drops as they ran into my mouth from my upper lip. She had passed into the
bedroom now searching for Angela. "Angela please if you're hear we have to get
out of here. It's not safe." My eyes had had more time to adjust to the
darkness. And I had the advantage. I stepped silently from the bathroom and
closed the front door. It made noise that forced her to turn and face me. "No it
isn't safe Cunt!" I then flipped on the light. She screamed almost, but not
really she was too scared to scream. Her legs tried to run from me. But she
tried to stop them, but she could not stop their need to flee entirely and soon
she had nearly lost her balance. I helped her loose her balance, and find her
voice too. I showed her the remote to the Stun-Tech belt before I pressed the
button. I also held up her blindfold. "Loose something sweetie?"  I pressed the
button. "Please.....NOOOO!" The pain shot through her and cut short the scream
from her, as she tensed up and fell to the ground rigid at first, then into a
twitching heap on the ground. She gurgled as I walked over to her. I had a
moment to survey her condition and make a quick survey of her. Her right wrist
had almost been wrenched free of the thick leather cuff that held her arm to her
side. She had tugged frantically at the cuff and had cut her wrist in the
process. She was alright, she was breathing and had not bitten her tongue. I was
elated. Now all I had to do was to get Angela out of the Suburban, and get Cunt
into the truck and whisk her back to the farm. I had left my phone in the
Suburban and called it now. Ominously it rang till the voicemail picked up. I
was just beginning to wonder what had become of Angela when I had my answer. She
was standing before me. "Stacey...I what are you doing to her?" I was about to
answer her when she regained her senses and  pointed the gun right at my head. I
was still kneeling above Cunt and I managed to pull my own from my pocket and
pointed it at Cunts head. "Angela your gun is broken." I shifted my body so she
could see mine. "But this one is not." "I want you to call the cops!" "I'm not
going to do that. In fact I want you to hand me the gun right now Angela."
Saying this I stood up and began walking toward her. She looked confused for a
brief moment then fired the gun at me. Or rather tried to, missing its bolt she
was unable to even pull the trigger. In seconds I had her gun back in my pocket.
Mine was pressed into her side. "Why did you have to come back here you stupid
bitch." By now she was really scared and confused. After all I was her friend,
she had trusted me. "I got scared." Was her pathetic childish answer. I had told
her I would try and find out what had happened to her sister. To try and clear
her sisters name even. My betrayal of her was complete. I snapped a handcuff to
her left wrist, and dragged her over to her sister, and fastened the other one
to the right wrist cuff of her sisters. Binding them together, literally and
figuratively. By returning back to her apartment she had sealed her fate. I
could not leave her behind. I had to take them both. "Angela help me get her to
her feet." Together we managed to get her standing. I shoved my gun into Cunts
ribs. "Angela coming back here was stupid. Don't do anything else that is stupid
or you'll be wearing your sister. Understand?" She nodded her head, and we began
our slow walk out of the apartment. We rode the elevator down to the ground
floor. It was nearly light out now and I didn't relish the thought of walking
next door with these two. So we made out way out the back of the block. The only
witness that I was aware of was a couple who made their home on a grate in the
alley. They took no notice of us. They were too preoccupied with survival to
care about anything else. The only other concern I had was that the apartment
block could have some cameras secreted in the elevator perhaps. But the place
was a pit and I discounted this possibility. The backseat of the Suburban was
all theirs. I forced Angela in first and she helped her disoriented sister in
the seat beside her. I held a handful of pills up to Angela's mouth. She looked
aver at her sister, and opened her mouth accepting the pills. I had to pinch
cunts nose shut till her mouth gasped open. I fed her the remaining tablets. I
put the blindfold back over Cunt's eyes. I had a blanket that I threw over
Angela. "No peeking Angie." Soon we were driving back to the farm. Shortly we
were on the highway and I would have the girls safe and snug once again in under
a half-hour. My mind was racing now. What was I going to do with Angela? How was
I going to account for her going missing? She couldn't just disappear. Questions
would be asked about her, and they would come after me too. After all I had been
in the media with her a few times this past year. Even a dumb ass cop like Harv
would be smart enough to make the connection and interview me to see if I knew
anything about her disappearance.

	I thought about the problem all the way back to the farm without resolution.
Perhaps I was just too tired to resolve the problem. Better sleep on in. After
all I had a few days before anyone would do anything about Angela going missing.
Perhaps a day or two at the most. I carried Cunt back into the dungeon first and
left her on the bed. She was not too out of it. She was conscious but the
roofies I had forced her to swallow would make the recent events all but a haze
of memories. I took Angela into the basement of the farmhouse, and into the
initial primitive dungeon I had built first. That way I had a better chance of
keeping her presence secret from Cunt and Fucktoy. I needed rest badly and
simply crawled into bed beside Angela. After I cuffed her hands down to the
headboard of course. Couldn't have my newest arrival trying to escape or hurt me
now could I.

	 I slept soundly, I obviously needed it. But soon I awoke to the bed shaking. I
rolled over to find Angela rolled off the bed as much as the cuffs would allow
kneeling and tugging at the bed trying to break free.

I looked her over for a few brief seconds, before she saw me. "There you go, and
now you've gone and woken me up." I looked down at my crotch, then back up at
her again. "I see I have my morning wood. I better go and visit your sister, and
fuck her senseless again. Don't go and waste all your energy struggling. If she
fucks up I can always come back and spend some time with you. Can't I now
Angela?" "Let me go!" I pretended to think about this. "Hmmm No! How bout that!
Having your sister, over and over again has been the best. And I'm sure that she
is going to get even better now that I have you too. She will really put some
effort into pleasing me. But sooner or later she will fuck up. And then I will
get you. And the best part is it will be her fault. At least that is what I will
tell her. She won't believe it but it will still gnaw away at her anyway. That's
the least I can do for her." She  stared back at me dumbly. So I continued.
"Aren't you going to tell me that I am crazy, that I'll never get away with it,
or that you'll escape?" With that she put her head between her bound out
stretched arms and began to cry. I left her like that for the time being, crying
and tugging on her cuffs. Time to make hay while the sunshines and pay some more
attention to Cunt.

	I found her as I left her laying on the bed. After all she had no chance to get
out of her bonds. She slung her legs down to the floor and struggled to sit up
as I approached. "So good to have you back Cunt." She had had some time to think
about her predicament, and I could tell by her demeanor that she wouldn't give
me much trouble today. She was smiling slightly looking downward as she shuffled
over to me. When she reached me she pressed her body up against mine, and gently
kissed her way up my throat till she reached my face and softly began to kiss me
all over. Quite a reception considering what I had put her through last night.

I shoved her away from me. "You stink Cunt. You're all sweaty and you smell like
all those guys who fucked you. And you also smell like pussy. From the two
bitches you were eatin last night. You remember that don't you?" She nodded that
yes she did remember the awful events of the night before, and I continued. "And
you remember trying to escape too don't you? You stupid slut. You forgot your
place last night didn't you?" She was still trying to change my demeanor with
her body, rubbing herself against me. Darling, please my Sister.. will you tell
me about my Sister?" I shocked her last night before Angela arrived, and she was
doped up for the remainder of the night. She had no way of knowing what I had
done, if anything to Angela. I almost told he but then I figured out that it
would be more fun if I hurt her with by continuing the mystery a few days
longer. "Maybe I'll tell you in a few days. Now I want you to go and clean
yourself up. And remember to use the dildo soap and get nice and clean inside
and out. I removed the Stun-Tech belt an tossed her the key for her ankle chains
and sent her off with those instructions. I sat on the bed and tried to wait
patiently for her to return. It took her only 10-15 minutes or so to return. I
had given her no wardrobe instructions, so she returned to me naked. Except for
her heels, and a few pieces of jewelry. Some bracelets, and earrings and a
necklace. Some of her nails were broken off, and her hair was still mess-up. I
pulled her hand and had her sit on my lap. She wiggled her as against my
erection provocatively. An amateur lapdance. "You smell a lot better now Cunt,
but you look like shit still." "Sorry Darling I could see that you were horny,
so I thought that I better get back as quickly as I could for you." "I want you
to go back and fix you nails, and hair for me. I want you to be perfect. And I
want something else too. I want you to bring fucktoy with you. You decide what
she wears, and how she looks. I want you to surprise me this time. You pick what
you wear too." She had stopped wiggling on my ass by this time. To intent on
listening to me. Unable to listen and wiggle at the same time. I pushed her off
my lap and she stood up, suddenly uncertain as to what to do. It had been so
long since she had been able to make even the simplest of such decisions that
she was uncertain how to proceed. "Don't worry Cunt, I'll give you plenty of
time to decide what to do. Say ninety minutes, be back here with fucktoy waiting
for me." She mumbled "Ok Darling." "Ninety minutes is a long time." I walked
over to the door that led  out of the bedroom chamber preparing to leave. "I'm
going to amuse myself with your Sister. That is if I have her that is." I left
before she had a chance to say anything to me. I could still hear her beginning
to plead with me though. But I could imagine what she was saying. True to my
word I returned to check up on Angela. She had managed to tug the bed  a little
away from its place. It had been bolted down but she had managed to get the
bolts from one of the legs free and twist the frame about a little. I checked
the frame and really she was no closer to being loose than she was when she
started. "Trying to get away huh? That will wear off soon enough. But I'm afraid
that I will have to take that little breach of discipline out on your Sister's
hide." She looked right at me in my eyes. "Can I have some water please." "Sure
thing Angela." It took under a minute to bring her back a small plastic glass of
water. She reached for it and I pulled it away. "You can have the water just as
soon as you give me your pants." "What?" Despite her situation she was genuinely
shocked. "Women in pants." I shook my shoulders in disgust. "Call me old
fashioned but I just don't like the look of a woman in pants. So take them off
Angela." She shook her head no. I was thirsty too, and while the water was warm,
I drank it down nonetheless. "Maybe you'll agree to give me your pants
tomorrow." I tossed the glass at her, it bounced harmlessly to the floor. "Or
maybe the next day. Oh and don't fuck with the bed anymore unless you want to
really hurt Cunt." She shot me a puzzled look. " That's your Sister's name now.
Has been for about a year now." She almost came unglued at that and she started
the water works all over again. "Please!.... Why are you doing this to me...Let
me go you freak!" She started to tug again, and scream unintelligibly. It was
time to leave her to run herself down. "This behavior is really going to cost
Cunt. And I'm going to tell her it's all your fault."

	After a short rest I returned to find out what pleasures awaited me. I wondered
what Cunt could come up with when she had a decision to make that was all her
own. Quite a novelty for her after such a long time. I had given them plenty of
time to prepare for me, and I found them waiting on the bed nervously fidgeting.
They both still wore their iron collars that bound them to the floor and the
movable blocks recessed into the floor. Cunt had outdone herself in her
preparation of Fucktoy. She was dressed up like a doll. A living doll for me to
fuck. Her hair was piled on top of her head, and had been turned into hundreds
of tight curls, which tumbled down to her bare shoulders. She was wearing a
dress that was a few sizes too small for her ample form. It was red satin and
hugged her hips, but came up short of her stocking tops. Her heels matched her
red satin dress. Except for the actual heel and toe, which were reinforced with
gold colored metal. These matched her accessories, earrings and bracelets. She
looked cheap, Cunt knew exactly what I liked. Which was why her own attire was
so striking. She was attractively dressed. But she was not overly dirty, like I
usually insisted upon. All she was wearing was a simple black slip and
stockings. On her feet were normal even a pair of plain even dowdy pumps.

	"On your feet cunt." Before I had even finished the command she was moving. I
made a gesture for her to spin around, so I could inspect her more closely. By
the time she had turned her ass toward me I seized my chance. "Straighten your
seams Cunt." She bent over at the waist and ran her hands up and down her legs
struggling to find the irregularity without the benefit of a mirror. I sat on
the bed beside Fucktoy and slid up close into contact with her and started to
run my hands up and down her legs too. Moving her too short skirt up fully
exposing her crotch. At my first touch she stiffened in fear and apprehension.
We watched cunt display her legs and ass to our eyes. She has panties on.
"What's with the panties cunt? You tired of pleasing me or what?" She stood and
whirled around to face us sitting on the bed. "Sorry Darling my period just
started today." "I guess that explains why fucktoy looks so good." I started to
grope her and let my lips and tongue trail over her face and lips smearing the
meticulous makeup across her cheek. Ruining nearly a half hour of their careful
preparations.

	Its not like they didn't have hours to waste perfecting their makeup and
appearance for me. I motioned for cunt to kneel between fucktoys legs and start
to lick her, which she did without hesitation. I held fucktoys upper body
tightly in my arms and kissed her deeply. She squirmed about in my arms while
cunt licked and lapped at her pussy. She must have been doing a particularly
effective job, fucktoy moved her hands to cunts head to guide or control her
movements. She had her eyes closed to the scene, trying to blot out the reality
of her new life. As such she did not see my open hand coming down across her
face delivering a slap that rang out in the room distracting all three of us
momentarily. "You feel like using your hands on anything, you use you hands on
this fucktoy." I shook my hardening cock at her and she took hold of it
reluctantly, and only started to manipulate it after I raised my hand to strike
her again. I let cunt work on her for a few minutes more. Cunt was well used to
the taste of pussy by now and I wanted the two girls to get along well enough to
perform well together. Fucktoy needed a lot of practice eating out another
woman. But I was more interested in giving her more practice at eating me. I
wanted her to get good at eating me first and fast too. "Crawl between my legs
Fucktoy." She sat up and brushed Cunt away from her, and moved into position.
All in one graceful movement, and without letting go of my disk with her hand.
After all I didn't tell her she could let go. "Watch her closely cunt, I want
you to instruct her as she blows me." Fucktoy was kneeling between my legs now,
she gently masturbated me, and glanced over at Cunt as soon as I finished
talking. "What are you lookin at her for Stupid! Who's the boss around here?"
"You are Darling." I poked my pelvis at her, as if to say get started. She got
the message and got started. Cunt too was playing he role, narrating freely what
Fucktoy was to do, what I liked best. "When you get started try to take him all
in your mouth. Wrap you lips over your teeth so you don't touch him with your
teeth. He hates that." I watched her for a while until she got started, and went
into her rhythm. Once she was slurping merrily away, I fell back and

relaxed confident that they would give me no more trouble. Fucktoy kept working
on me accompanied by Cunt the conductor of the obscene spectacle. "When you are
going up along the length of his dick, pinch your lips tightly down on him, and
when you are going down on him make sure you flutter your tongue along the
underside of his length." Cunt really did know what I liked even more completely
than I knew my own desires. She had to study hard on the subject, in order to
survive as long as she had. In addition to describing what she should do, she
was guiding fucktoy's head with her hands. After a few more minutes I propped my
head up with a pillow so I could watch my newest captive fellate me. It was
delightful to watch her formerly ruby lips pass up and down my length. Soon I
had my eyes closed and began to thrust my hips up and down, somewhat aimlessly.
This caught fucktoy off guard, and she choked around my member.  But cunt
described what was happening. "He is about to cum soon. Just keep his cock in
your mouth when you get to the bottom. Keep it there for about a second and let
him feel your mouth around him." This she did to my delight. I moved my hands
down to her bobbing head and my fingers were soon tightly entwined in her hair.
"I want to cum on your face."  Cunt began to explain to he that I would soon
tighten up the muscles in my crotch. "Don't worry about that fucktoy. I'll tell
you when I am cumming." I let her slide her lips up and down my ever-hardening
prick. "Don't make a face when my cum splashes all over your face. You don't
want me to think that you don't like it." Toward the end of the sentence my
breathing changed and I could feel the cum seeping out of my cock. Just in time
I gasped out that I was cumming. She pulled her face off me and began to stroke
and pump her hand rapidly up and down. Throughout the orgasm I struggled to keep
an eye on her to see if she was making a face. She did pretty well acting that
she liked it, and I could not detect any hint of distaste on her face. Without
prompting cunt moved her face into contact with fucktoys, and lapped up the cum.
They shared my cum between them greedily competing for it till they had consumed
all my ejaculate. Cunt turned to my fading erection and tried to revive it with
her own mouth while fucktoy sat back and watched the scene for tips. Her
formerly carefully crafted beautiful face had been destroyed by the blowjob I
had compelled her to perform. "Go

and fix your makeup fucktoy. If you do a good enough job I'll fuck the shit out
of you." A look of fear and horror swept across her face but she ran off to make
herself pretty for me anyway. Leaving me alone with my trusty favorite cunt. 
"So, I can't believe it myself, but I am willing to give you a chance to explain
yourself. About last night, you seem to have forgotten who owns you. If you come
up with a good enough explanation I may continue to use you for sex. Instead of
the other attractive women I can use." She started to rub and kiss her way along
my calves, crying softly and telling me how sorry she was. "Being used by so
many men...I just got so scared. And seeing Angela ...I was so afraid for her. I
was so scared and I didn't ever want her to be here and be that scared." She
completely fell apart at this thought. "I'm sorry... sorry.. sorry I just didn't
think about what I was doing. I just wanted to see Angela and make sure she was
all right." He voice trailed off to sobs and she slid down completely prostrate
on the floor. Beaten into a pulp again. I watched her body shaking and quaking
with sobs for a long time. Long enough for fucktoy to finish fixing her face and
tumble back into the bedroom on her fuck me heels.  I walked over to her and
took her in my arms. She looked great in her trampy red satin dress that was too
small on her frame. Without saying a word I led her back over to the bed. We
both had to step over the sobbing cunt to get there. I had her kneel on the bed
on her hands and knees. I wasted no time in feeding my cock once again into her
mouth. This time however, I fucked her face, ignoring her chokes and gasps for
air. I enjoyed the sensation of her throat passing around me for several
minutes. Cunt had nearly stopped her crying by this time. "Make yourself useful
cunt get up and get your face up into fucktoys ass." She moved but not quickly
enough for me till I barked at her to hurry up. Which she did. "Stick your
tongue up her filthy ass. Make sure you get it good and sloppy for me. I haven't
fucked her there yet. And I think now is the time." At the touch of cunts tongue
on her ass fucktoy squealed at around my erection at the contact of he fellow
slaves swirling tongue. I could see her hips bouncing around trying to avoid
contact. Trying to avoid letting herself be touched there. It was foolish, it
was also incredibly erotic. At least to me. And it was also unavoidable. I
pulled my glistening erection from her mouth with a pop. "Look at my cock
fucktoy." She turned her face back to view it. "Beg me to fuck you in the ass."
My erection twitched in anticipation as I spoke the words. She begged. "Please
Darling fuck your fucktoy in the ass." By the time she finished the sentence she
had slowly turned her gaze up to my merciless face. Our eyes met and I delivered
a vicious slap to her face. "You don't convince me fucktoy try again." She
swallowed then closed her eyes and tried harder to please me with her second
try. "Please Darling use your fucktoy .. please your fucktoy will make it good
for you." I let my hand come down on her cheek again but this time it was more
of a pat intended to get her to rotate her body about and present her ass to be
sacrificed.

    "Go ahead and kiss each other. Make like the little lezzies you want to be."
Cunt moved closer to my newest captive and pressed her open mouth into contact
with hers, moaning with artificial lust as she did. I poked my erection at
fucktoys ass. She squirmed away slightly. As if there was anywhere she could go
to avoid this indignity. To reinforced the obvious fact that she was trapped, I
grabbed her as tightly as I could around her waist, jamming my hands into her
tender flanks. Driving my hands into her flanks till I could hold her no
tightly. She held herself still after that and I sank myself into her ass, in a
single persistent stroke. I entered her slowly but with determination, keeping a
steady pace despite her screams and cries, which were immediately muffled by the
kissing mouth and tongue of my best girl. In fact cunt tried to make it seem as
if the noises that fucktoy were making were those of pleasure. "Oh yea that
feels so good doesn't it fucktoy." And then she pressed her lips back hard
against her fellow captive just in time catch another scream or block a contrary
comment. The perversion of the moment caught me off guard and my hips began to
drive into her as rapidly as I could move them. Before I knew what was happening
I began to cum into her bowels grunting and panting heavily. I let myself fall
from her ass. My hearing and other senses returned to normal and I could hear
fucktoy crying and cunt soothing her brushing her hair trying to ease her
obvious suffering. "You should have my cock in your mouth by now fucktoy. Every
time I cum you are required to try to blow me back to an erection so that I can
keep on using you." I turned my attention to cunt. "Didn't you teach her that
cunt? You were supposed to teach her that right!?" Cunt began to gently maneuver
the still sobbing fucktoy around so that she was facing me all the while
assuring me that yes she did teach her that and that yes she will do what she
had been trained to do. But fucktoy was done for the night. She did however
managed to open her mouth and place my cock inside, but that was all she was
able to do. "Get out of my sight fucktoy. No food for you put your clothes
neatly away clean yourself up and go back to your cell now." She mumbled
something, presumably yes darling and slicked out of the room grateful to have
been able to have endured  the events of the day.

	That left me and cunt alone. "You really are getting to be a pathetic fucking
waste of my time cunt. You haven't done a very good job on her. You tried to
escape last night. And if all that wasn't bad enough your on the rag now. So I
got ONE QUESTION for you!" I had worked my anger up to a fever pitch by now and
was standing over her screaming at her. "Why should I keep you around any
longer?" "I'll do anything.." I cut her off. "You already have, and so will the
others." "I know what you like....I know how you like me to do it. I can make it
good for you. I can do better....please give me another chance."

	I pulled her to her feet and examined her with a critical eye. She was still an
incredibly beautiful woman an always would be despite the time I had her. I made
her turn in place scrutinizing her body. As often happens I let my cock decide
her fate. It twitched in response to her beauty. I would keep her for a while
longer. I dragged her into over into an area of the bedroom where I keep all the
whips and floggers. There is also a few stocks and tables that I can tie up the
girls to and it was the padded horse that I pushed her toward. It was near to
being my favorite piece of bondage furniture. I chained her face down by he
wrists and ankles. She did not struggle at all but rather let me bind her to the
table even offering her wrist to the shackles. I walked around her a few times a
finally stopped behind her. Because she was on the rag she still had her panties
on. I hate panties. There is nothing worse than reaching up a woman's skirt
expecting to find hair and being stopped by an ugly pair of nylon panties. I
tore them from her body and then stuffed them into her vagina. She was still
tender and swollen from her gangbang. I suppose gang rape of the previous night
is more accurate.

	Once again I walked around to her face, and knelt down so that we were very
close. I let my lips brush gently against her, teasingly. She was of course
receptive and struggled hard to close the gap and pepper my face with kisses. It
was still delicious after all this time. I still had tremendous desire for her.
I guess it is true you never forget your first. Or in my case my first victim.
"I haven't quite decided what punishment you deserve for your behavior last
night. But I am going to sleep on it and see you bright and early next morning.
I hope you'll be comfy here all night." She let her eyes close and answered.
"Your cunt will be eagerly waiting for your return."

	"Remember your early oral training cunt?" I continued without waiting for an
answer. Instead I waved a larger dildo in her face, then pressed it up against
her lips, which parted slowly. Then she slowly and reluctantly parted her teeth
to admid the rubber intruder. I pressed it into her mouth and then down her
throat till it was mostly gone. Then I pulled it out again and then repeatedly
penetrated her mouth with the rubber intruder several times. On the last thrust
I left it wedged deeply into her mouth. Leaving her jaw drooping downward and
her cheeks hollowed out. It always looks so obscene to see a womans face so
distorted. "Don't drop it till I get back. Believe me you don't want to get into
any more trouble." This is how I would leave her for the night.

	I left her yet another parting gift that I administered with my favorite crop.
Just at the pleasant curve where her thighs met her round globes of her ass.
Four swipes that left nasty red marks. "I figure that is a small down payment on
tomorrow. G'night Cunt."

	With that a busy day ended. I had all the animals tucked in for the night. All
that was left to do was to tuck myself in. It was stormy out. The rain was
coming down like it was never going to stop, Typical for this time of year. Just
like the night I first took cunt.

	The beginning of another winter and another long chilly night. It would be nice
to have something warm to snuggle up against. I knew who I wanted tonight, and I
went to her with some trepidation. After all she at least in my mind was
innocent. An innocent victim who had no place here, and was only here by virtue
of her sister's poor behavior. Still I figured that she had to earn her keep if
she wanted to stay alive. But I would try to be nice to her. Well comparatively
nice to her. I did still have to get her cooperation. Toward that end I went to
see her with a nice fresh bottle of water for her. A nice bottle of thirty year
old scotch for me and some left over Chinese food that I found in the 'fridge.

	She was still handcuffed to the bed. Her knees, indeed her entire body must
have been sore. I ignored her and made myself comfortable on the bed beside her
and began to eat the Chinese food. She pulled away from me as much as the chains
would allow at least. In between mouthfuls I made my offer of water for her
jeans  again. She mumbled her response. "OK." I poured myself a tall scotch and
downed it before I released her wrists from the cuffs. "Stand there." I pointed
to a patch. She did, I nodded and poured another drink. She kicked her sneakers
off first. Then she began to work on her jeans. They were tight and rode low on
her hips. They fell from her pelvis easily but they were so tight on her legs
that she had to roll them off her body, as though they were pantyhose. She
stepped clear of them bent, picked them up and offered them to me. She was
remarkably calm. She had made her decision to cooperate. She held the jeans out
to me. "Can I have some water now?" "You know I've been thinking about that. You
might as well give me the rest of your clothes while we're at it." She nodded.
Smart girl to expect this. She had on a sweatshirt with the university logo on
it. The University that she could never attend thank to her Sister. She added it
to the pile. Now all she had on was a cotton undershirt and matching panties. Oh
yes and her socks. I didn't need to prod her along at all. She continued all by
herself. Next she removed her undershirt. Her body was young and firm and
perfect. She was on the athletic side. Not overly defined by any means. I
watched her panties fall next. The rest of her body was equally perfect. Unlike
most girls her age, she had already shed her baby fat. Now that she was naked
she made a half hearted attempt at covering herself with her hands, but quickly
stopped that effort. I looked at her for a minute before I held out the water
bottle. She walked over to me and snatched it from my hands. She drank from it
and retreated from me at the same time. It was soon drained dry of even the last
drops of water. I had her sit beside me on the bed while I finished my meal. I
handed her the handcuffs and directed her to put them on again. Which she did
this time behind her back. This time I added a pair to her ankles, and lay her
down on the bed. I stripped and covered our bodies with a heavy comforter for
the night. "I want you to remember that given enough time I going to make you do
anything I want. Everything for me." I let the words penetrate into her mind.
"Just remember that. Don't give me any trouble and you'll be ok. And so will
your Sister." I pressed myself against her, feeling her adolescent curves. Soon
I had another erection that crept up between her legs and came to rest between
her soft thighs. I fell asleep against her. She drifted off afterward sometime
during the night. I figured if I could keep up the pressure on Angela I could
get her to cooperate without making her life any more unplesant. I awoke before
her the next morning, and slipped away without rousing her from her slumber. She
must have been exhausted.

	In contrast I had to be very harsh with her sister. If I was not then her
behavior would only worsen until she became uncontrolable, just like Whore had
become. I found cunt just as I had left her still shackled to the horse table.
Still with the dildo protruding from her mouth. Meaning she had not slept at all
during the night. If she had then she would have dropped the dildo for sure.
Before I entered the room I called fucktoy on her intercom, gave her some
instructions, and sat back to watch her scurry around hurrying to pretty herself
up for me. By the time that fucktoy entered the room she found me standing there
before her slowly moving the dildo in and out of her mouth. Fucktoy looked great
she had her blonde hair done up high on her head tied up with some lacey ribbon.
She had a matching bra and garter belt set on. Light lacey and light blue in
colour. The stockings were black with lacey tops, and they matched her heels. As
always she had matching red lips and nails.

	"Hi fucktoy. Today is the day that we are going to punish cunt here for trying
to escape. Come around here and say hi to cunt." She walked around the table
tottering on her heels till she go to the front of the table. "Hi cunt." She
nearly whispered this. Cunt did not reply, how could she her mouth was still
full. "Here you take over." I motioned my right arm toward her and she took hold
of the dildo and continued the slow in and out motion that I had started. I
watched them for a while, transfixed by the sickness and beauty of the
situation. It was not playtime, that would come later. Now was the time for
punishment. Sometimes it is not enough to teach, you must also punish as well. I
could have gotten a brazier full of coals. Some large dramatic cauldron full of
steaming coals that I could have thrust an iron into. But this is real life and
all I had was an acetalyne torch with which to heat up the branding iron that I
had fashioned. It was crude and rough in design and construction. But it would
make a suitably horrible scar on her perfect body that she would live with for
the rest of her days. Both of the women watched in sheer terror as I started the
torch and began heating up the iron. It would be a lesson for the both of them.
"I think I've found a way that you won't forget that you are an owned piece of
property." I had never seen her eyes so wide before. She began to plead around
the dildo that fucktoy was still passing into and out of her mouth. "Please...I
won't forget." I was really dissapointed, so I told her so. "And I thought that
you would be pleased that I had found such a lenient way of punishing you for
your escape attempt." The business end of the iron was red hot already. The
acetalyne torch really did a great job of heating up pig iron. "After all I did
think about chaining you into an all brick cell for the rest of your live, and
then I could always get another dog to keep you company for your remaining time.
I would have made sure that it was years of time, but I figured you would prefer
this." I picked up the iron, it was real hot even though I had special asbestos
gloves to use. "Wow this is really hot!" I waved it at fucktoy's perfectly
madeup face. "See for yourself fucktoy." She shied away from the heat of the
iron but continued to hold the dildo toward her fellow captives face. "Its too
hot for me with all these clothes on." With that I slowly began to unbutton my
shirt. "I figured you be begging to be branded." With that I had removed my
shirt. Then she saw my newest piece of jewelry. Even with the dildo in her face
she managed to let out a sob. It was one of complete despair. She now knew for
certain that I had her sister captive somewhere. I was wearing a necklace that
she had given to her sister Angela about a month before she had hatched the plan
to murder her own husband. It was rather stylish actualy, a one of a kind
creation that she had had especially crafted for her Sister's birthday. I mean
why not splurge a little. She would only turn sixteen once, and it's not like
she was spending her own money. After all it was old man Potter's and he was
loaded. "Take the dildo out of her mouth fucktoy. She has it lubed up enough for
you now go ahead and sit in the corner hear and watch the show." She did as I
wanted keeping her legs spread and happily thrusting the dildo in and out of
herself. Delighted that she would pay no further role in the ghastly drama that
I was orchestrating. "There's just one thing that I haven't decided yet." I
walked around her bound form surveying her yet again. "Where on my cun't perfect
body should I place my mark?" By this time I was staring directly at her crotch,
still stuffed full with her pantied. I drove two fingers into her and removd the
garment, slowly. "Not too bloody cunt, I guess that your period was only
starting the other day." I had circled around to her face again. "Open up cunt."
Before she had even had the chance to comply which I was sure she would I was
stuffing the torn laceey panties into her mouth. "You look good like that cunt.
Listen up fucktoy. Where should she get it?" Without even thinking she blurted
out her answer. "Your fucktoy doesn't know." And then she quickly answered.
"Your fucktoy is just an empty headed plaything Darling." "Well you'd better
come up with an answer or I'll give you one too." She quickly offered cunt ass
as a suggestion. I picked up the iron and the torch and started to survey her
ass as a target. I put down the torch and seriously started to consider the ass
as a target, squeezing it hard in my free hand. She jumped in her chains at the
touch and started to kick involuntarily at the shackles binding her. An
abbreviated scream burst from her mouth but was quickly beaten back from by her
senses returning to her. "I don't think that I can bear to mark you cunt." She
visibly relaxed, so too did fucktoy. Indeed the relief in the room was palpable.
Stupid bitches I thought. "At least not where it would be so visible. Get over
her fucktoy." She dropped the dildo from her hands and got to her feet quickly
rushing over to where I stood at the feet of cunt. I unlocked cunt's left ankle
cuff. "Get her shoe and stocking off I have decided where I will place my mark."
With hands trembling she hurried to comply, first removing the high heeled shoe
then at first she fumbled with the garters then got it straight and finally
removed the stocking. Once she had finished this I rebound her ankle this time
as tightly as I could. She could still twist her foot around alot. I returned to
face cunt and gave her some final instructions. Firstly, I removed her panty
gag. "I want you to beg to be branded cunt." I took hold of my new necklace and
shook it at her. The implied threat was suficiently menacing that I did not have
to make vocal mention of her Sister this time. She begged, oh how she begged. It
was like the swwetest music to my ears. I let her plead with me for the iron
till her voice broke and she was unable to continue with her pleadings. I
decided I had had enough of this, and I shoved her filthy panties back into her
mouth to shut her up again. "Two things cunt. Scream all you want but don't let
the panties fall from your mouth." She was still sobbing heavily through her gag
and had let her head drop down. I raised my palm and slapped her face with all
my might. The slap rang out like a pistol shot in the cinder block chamber. "You
are listening aren't you?" Her sobbing abated a little and she nodded through
her tears. "Hold your foot still, or I'll keep repeating it till I get the
placement right."

	I was ready now I walked one last time around her body till I was again behind
her and faced the sole of her left foot. I pointed at fucktoy and curled my
finger for her to come to me. Once she was standing right before me I pulled her
close to me and allowed my hands free reign over her curves. We kissed, or
rather I kissed her crushing her lips into mine. She moulded her body to mine
all the way down to our knees. My hand traqvelled up to her shoulder, I broke
the kiss by forcing her down to her knees. All I had to mutter was blowjob and
she began. Fucktoy threw herself, in the form of her mouth, as a woman
possessed. I made sure that the iron was kept heated up. Fucktoy made sure that
I was heated up. It was not hard for her to do as the sickness of the moment
really had me aroused. I moved the iron to within an inch of the tender flesh of
cunts left foot. She was trying to look around to see what I was going to do to
her, but she couldn't quick see. I was on the verge of cumming. "Are you sure
that you can't think of any other way to teach you who owns you cunt?" I saw her
shoulders slump in defeat and she nodded yes. "You sure you want it cunt?" I
made her nodded her head one last time. With a final massive thrust I pressed my
cock deep down fucktoys throat till I could feel the back of her gagging as I
pressed against the back of her throat. I matched this lunge with a final jab at
cunts foot. I made contact and her pitiful animalistic scream is what pushed me
over the edge into orgasm. No longer abl;e to hold onto the iron I let it drop
to the floor. I'm sure the only one who heard the massive clang as the iron hit
the floor was fucktoy, as she fought to swallow my cum and cradle my disk in her
loving mouth. I was too far gone, lost in a world of pleasure and release. And
cunt was somewhere far more unplesant. A world of torture, incalculable pain and
shame. Of course she screamed. No doubt a loud one, but I could not hear it. My
legs could barely hold me and I all but fell as I dropped to the floor. I tried
to hold myself deep in fucktoys mouth as I slumped to the floor. But she twisted
away from my weakened grip. She was overcome by the savagery of the scene as
well, but I forced her to recover quickly and to take my cum covered cock back
into her mouth to clean me off and try to get me hard again. Those were her
orders, which I expected her to obey, at all times without question and with a
smile on her now cum covered face.

	This she did, but try as she might she was unable to produce another erection
between my legs. I would not punish her for this, not with directly anyway. I
had yet another trick up my sleeve. Even now that I was too fucked out to
continue, I could still perform thanks to new chemicals. I popped the blue pill
between my teeth making sure that fucktoy could see the Viagra, then swallowed
the 1000mg tablet. "It'll take me about an hour to recover fucktoy, why don't
you do a nice little dance for me while we wait." It wasn't a question it was a
command and she knew it too. She gathered herself up from the floor. She wiped
some of my cum from her lips, managed a fake little smile and began to sway her
body slowly to some unseen music, without word of complaint or praise. I
devoured her with my eyes, so powerful was my gaze that she could not match my
eyes and had to shut her own in response. I watched her move her body gently
before me for a while whilst I idly toyed with my flagging erection. Cunt
remained shackled to the table her left foot still contorted and twitching in
pain, naked and bare to the air. The wound was ugly and painful on the sole of
her foot and would be with her for the remainder of her days. A constant
reminder of her status. A reminder of her lack of status. There was only a
trickle of blood from her sole. Surprising, as I expected more but the iron
seared and sealed her flesh, cauterizing it most effectively. Her left leg bare
as it was, no longer matched the lovely silk encased and heeled right leg. I
hate such imbalanced and moved to rectify the state of inequality between her
legs. I unbound her left foot, she jumped at my touch but soon relaxed her leg
in my hands. I began to slide her stocking back up her leg, The tentative
friction as it brushed against her fresh wound, caused her to suck in a breath
of air through clenched teeth. I managed to snug the garment tight against her
shapely leg and fastened the garters to the lacey top. She managed to contain
all cries that rose from within her when I placed the stocking back on her. But
when I replaced her shoe, and fastened the ankle strap in place the tiniest of
screams mananged to squeek past her lips. "I don't think you'll forget who owns
you again." I began to prepare the iron for a repeat performance. Her right foot
would be my target this time. I had fucktoy remove her right shoe, then I
unshackled her right leg, and she removed the stocking and refastened her leg.
Naked and defenceless, vulnerable to the searing iron. I held the iron in my
hand and circled back to her rear where fucktoy stood. I placed my hand on her
shoulder. A gentle pressure was all it took to put her on her knees. She readied
herself once again to perform on me. She sucked on me with careful expertise.
Spurred on by uncommon fear of a branding for herself while I teased and swiped
at cunts right foot with the iron. A combination of the Viagra, the mouth of
fucktoy and cunts fear all combined to produce another erection. I took fucktoys
face in my hands and turned it upward until she was looking at me. Her cheeks
were bloated by my rection which she was still stuffing in and out of her mouth.
I called her a good girl, and she nerly gushed with relief. I pulled her off her
knees and my erection to her feet. I next put an asbestos glove on her hand and
handed her the iron after I made sure that it was heated up again. She took the
iron in her hand and held its heavy mass awkwardly in her hand. "When I say so
you do it." I turned on cunt and all but jumped on her forcing myself into her
rear. what once caused her pain and shame, now barely elicited suprise as I
buried myself into her with all possible ferocity. Knowing what was to come, had
very nearly made me cum also. Holding tightly onto her hips I fucked her, till I
was nearly cumming. I fought hard against the irresistable compuction, and as
soon as Iknew I could put it off no more the word 'Now' I spoke. I briefly had
the image of fucktoy rebelling and plunging the iron into me, but I needn't have
worried. I heard the sizzle and then a scream. I smelt the burning, and as her
hips moved forced on by her pain in an erotic dance that was uncontrollable and
fearsome I came. As my spunk flew into her I imagned the cum flooding into her
bowels. And as she calmed down slowly I further imagined the cum quashing and
putting out the fire that burned the soles of her now blistered feet. Nothing
could have been further from the truth however. But it was a pleasant image
nontheless. The panties that had been in her mouth had long ago fallen to the
floor. But I was more than satisfied.

	In a few minutes the sobbing stopped and I and fucktoy had replaced her
stocking and heel. I had to help cunt to her feet. She winced when her feet
started to support her weight. "Your wearing fuck me heels cunt, stand on your
toes." She did this, the relief was minor but she was grateful for even such
small consideration. Her steps were now even more mincing and exagerated, and
lovely. Turning my attention to fucktoy. "You did such a wonderful erotic dance
earlier I think its high time you taught cunt how to do it. Teach her to dance
now." I sat in a plush chair and watched my two whores dance and flaunt their
bodies for me. The were facing each other, the moves mirrored, except that
cunt's movements were hampered by her tortured feet, and her facial expressions
showed this. Soon she was fading and it became harder for her to stand on her
own without support. Fucktoy moved closer to her and soon their bodies were
pressed into each others. Their breasts flattened against each others, as the
new girl helped cunt remain standing and at least trying to dance for me. "Cunt
lye down before you fall down, and face me with your cunt." She did but I had to
tell her to spread her legs to see her. 'Get on top of her fucktoy and 69 each
other." She looked at me while pointing down at cunt. She was a little squeemish
about cunt being on the rag. "Dive right in fucktoy, she hasn't started to flow
much yet. But if you do a really shitty job. If I don;t think you have given
110%, then you can try again topmorrow and the next day till you get it right."
Her shoulders slumped in defeat and she stealled her body to the revolting task
that literally lay at her feet. She slowly moved into position above cunt and
settled her snatch and her face down into the redheads body. I simply had to get
some footage of this. Closeups, that sort of thing and as I circled their
bodies, it was that much more convenient to give even more detailed directions
and in fucktoys case I could brush her hair from her face to get a close look at
the revulsion on her face. I made them both fake their cums for the benifit of
the camera, and allowed them to seperate. Cunt had been but through the mill
will little sleep and much torture, so I sent her off to clean up and get back
into her cell. She shuffled off out of the room on her brutalized feet. I decide
to giver her a couple of days off to heal and recuperate. But even as I made
this decision I wondered if I could stick to the decision. While watching her
leave I had not been paying too much attention to fucktoy. A retching sound tore
my attention away from cunts swaying ass, As I turned I found her laying
prostrate on the floor. What little material that was in her stomach she had now
sprayed it all over my floor. What a great gift, she had given me the pretext to
discipline her. I took hold of her neck in my hands and like the disobedient
puppy that she is I pressed her face into the mess, and made her lick up her own
mess. After she was finished I hauled her to her feet, slapped her face a few
times, without saying a word. She managed an "Your fucktoy is sorry Darling." I
ignored her pathetic words and shoved her out of the room toward her cell. I had
dismissed her, she would remove her garments, put them neatly away. Clean
herself up in the shower and seal herself in her cell, just as cunt had done
before her. I still had to decide how I wanted to break Angela into the family.





The Trophy Wife
Part 12

	I can remember the old days, when I used to wake up dreading the miserable
start of a new day. Another day of the same old thing, where all I would think
about was work. Get up go to work go home to a huge empty farmhouse, make
dinner; sleep and the next day get up and do it all again. But lately my routine
had changed tremendously, for the better. I realized that work can take care of
itself. I had lots of clients and a capable staff. About all I had to do was
attend a meeting once or twice a week. The rest I could handle via
teleconferencing, on my timetable.



Sometimes I have one of the women make my breakfast for me. I always eat it in
front of whatever woman I have chosen. She is always hungry, I don't give the
women enough to eat at the best of times. They have to obey me to earn calories.
The meals they have are nutritious but bland. They are never as flavorful and
lush as the meals I eat, that they sometimes prepare for me. Sometimes after I
have finished using them after the meal I let then have the scraps. But they
cannot use their hands, and they always eat the crumbs from the floor. I do not
let them use the same cutlery or plates that I use. After all they are animals,
my animals. I have referred to them as women but they really aren't to me.



This morning would be pleasant and no different for me since I captured them.
Deciding which of the women to use was my first decision of the day. In my study
I observed first cunt, then fucktoy. I chose fucktoy, she looked more strung out
and miserable. The thought of making her smile and choke back tears as I forced
myself into her started my cock twitching.  Leafing through the copy of the
wardrobe book I keep in the study finished the process of filling my penis with
blood, and by the time I had her attention and given her page that had the
wardrobe and makeup instructions I wanted her to wear it was all I could do to
keep my hands of the newest addition to the family. I wanted to run downstairs
to Angela, and break her in, the same way that I had with her older sister, and
the stripper. Oh yea that reminds me the lawyer, I should go and see how her
body is doing in the barn after I finish with fucktoy. I could feel myself
weakening in my resolve to keep my hands off of Angela. Initially I though of
her ass an innocent caught up in her sisters treachery. But I kept dreaming of
her, my mind drifting back to the feel of her soft pale skin, and her scent the
night that I slept beside her. I loved the way her body jiggled as she quaked in
fear at my touch. I went to the guesthouse to start my busy day of abuse and
sex. I expected to find fucktoy waiting for me on the bed in the bedroom
chamber, but I found myself alone in the room. Sure I was eager, but I could not
have gotten there that early. I expected to find her showered, perfumed, and
tarted up like a centerfold, her crotch covered in oils to ease my entry into
her and use of her. Where I eventually found her was surprising to me. She was
not just about ready for me at the dressing table. Nor was she getting dressed,
or in the shower. She made me walk all the way to the back of the complex,
through the dressing room, and the shower and toilet to her cell itself.
Throwing open the door she was curled up in a fetal position on the floor, her
bare back and ass to me. When she realized I was there, she scream again louder,
not words. It was just primal sounds. She was beyond obeying me now. I wanted
them afraid of me, but this was too much. I could not compel her cooperation in
this condition, but I could use her in this condition. She still had her collar
on, I pulled her from her cell by the chain. She coughed and sputtered all the
way out of her cell, as she slide along the tile flooring of the bathroom
section that was next just outside her cell. I  pulled her slowly enough for her
to catch up with me and stand up. I was not being overly merciful, I wanted to
switch from the chain to her hair, which I did just in time to fling her into
the shower using her hair. She fell into the tile surround with a thud, and
landed awkwardly with another scream. Left behind on my hand was a tangle of her
hair. Initially I had thought that I had torn some of her hair out by the roots.
But a quick inspection of the ends of the clump revealed a tiny knot of glue,
and I realized that the bulk of her glorious mane of blond hair had belonged to
another woman who wanted short hair. Fucktoy had lengthened her hair with
extensions. Yet another example of how fake and artificial her entire erotic
persona had been. Seeing her curled up and sobbing on the floor of the shower
stall reminded me just how far I had reduced her. Her most popular act had been
as a Domme on stage. "You sure don't look much like a Domme now." She actually
managed to look me in the eye with what could pass for some measure of defiance.
It was then that I noticed the blood on he body. I quickly examined her and
found cuts on her wrists. They were not deep but they bled a surprising amount.
Some strips of an old towel were all that was needed to stem the bleeding. A
quick spray of cold water was all it took to turn her face back in to the wall
again. I made sure to blast her with the cold water for several minutes. Making
sure to get into all the nooks and crannies. That's where the dirt hides. After
a quick check of her cell I found the tool she had used to cut herself with. It
was one of the prongs off an electrical plug. After checking the few things that
were available to her I found that she had broken it from the curling iron in
the dressing chamber. Stupid girl, if she had the guts to try it she should've
had the guts to finish the job. "Get on your feet." She failed to move at all
except for some minor shifting so I hauled her to her feet and removed her
collar. I moved with a plan in mind, and pulled her in to the dungeon by her
hair. I gave her a chance to start obeying. "Lay on the table on your back."
Alas this too she failed to accomplish, choosing instead to break down yet
again. I used her hair as a handle yet again and pulled her onto the table. She
started to scream and struggle with me again. Foolish really, but I suppose that
given the emotion of the moment she could not help herself. It did not matter
much. I got one wrist into the shackles and from that moment it was all over. I
could not loose, but it was certain in both our minds after I got one of her
legs bound to the table. Soon enough I had all her limbs fastened, and moved on
to belt her waist down with a wide leather belt. With that done I returned to
the dressing table and retrieved the bottle of baby oil and a flogger. I
squirted the oil on her cunt and belly, I walked it up her body like I was
pissing on her. I shot the fluid all over her body making her skin slick with
the mess. I poured it on her till the bottle was empty. I let the empty bottle
rattle to the floor. Gravity distributed the oil but I used the flogger on her
to help spread the oil around her body. I swung the leather till my arm hurt and
my ears hurt from her cries. On my next trip to the dressing room I looked over
to the cell doors. I saw a pair of eyes peering through the gap at the base of
the door. "Don't worry cunt I'll let you watch the video if you are that
interested."

	My latest toy from the dungeon was an industrial motor hoist that had a sling
hung beneath it. I attached it to her limb by limb and then removed the bindings
holding her to the table. After kicking the table free from beneath her she
swung freely before me. She eventually stopped in a position of equilibrium
resting at about a 30 degree reclined position with her head up. She was hung by
her wrists and her knees. After a few more adjustments, and another two lines of
chains to her ankles she was held before me open and vulnerable. The hoist was
motorized and on wheels I pushed her on the hoist into the bedroom chamber and
lowered her to the proper height for my dick.

	"You should have killed yourself. Once you make a decision you should stick
with it Fucktoy." She was looking at me and paying close attention to my words
now. Her head was turned away from me a little bit and her eyes were half closed
but she was paying attention to me. "You know what it means? What it means that
you couldn't go through with it?" "It means that I am afraid. It means that I
don't want to go to hell." I smirked back at her and shook my head. "No it means
that you are a whore and a slut and a real pig. It means that you prefer your
new lifestyle, it means that you like the feel of my dick in. Oh sure on the
surface you may think that you are afraid, but not deep down. Deep down you're a
pig who needs to get fucked all the time." She had closed her eyes to these
hurtful words and had turned her head further away. I loved fucking her, but I
also love fucking with her mind perhaps even more. "Afraid of going to hell that
part really makes me laugh Fucktoy. A stripper who believes in God and hell and
all that nonsense. You're just a slut at heart. You really should thank me you
know. After all I have given you a chance to live the kind of life you have
always dreamed about. Dreamt about deep down. All you have to do is lay around
and get fucked. All you have to do is keep me satisfied. You don't have to worry
about paying bills or making deadlines or what to wear of how to look, or who to
impress. All you have to do is keep me happy, and keep me satisfied. Very simple
really when you think about it. Some women are just naturals at it. Like cunt,
she took to it like a duck to water. You on the other hand." I stopped my rant
and slapped her thighs and ass a few times with my hand just to make sure I had
her attention again. "You seem to be having a hard time learning that simple
fact." I walked my erection into her splayed cunt. Penetrating her was easy
given her position, and all the oil mixed with her perspiration. I stood still
between her legs and buried deep within her. Having her hanging like this it was
easy to move her onto and off of my now glistening erection. "Move your legs
Fucktoy." After a few moments she got the idea that if she bent her legs at the
knees and then straightened them again she would swing her body onto me and then
off me again. All I had to do was stand there and hold her by the hips to steady
our bodies as they slowly slipped into each other. I stopped the action. When
she looked in to my eyes I offered an explanation. "You look like shit Fucktoy."
I left the room and came back after a few minutes with Cunt. Cunt was startled
to see the stripper hanging there before her splayed out for all to see. Even
her cunt was still open from being recently entered. "Get her cleaned up cunt."
The redhead slipped out of the bedroom chamber and returned with a washcloth and
some cosmetics. I lay on the bed to enjoy the transformation. She started with
the washcloth and used it to cleanse her fellow captives face of all the tear
stains and perspiration. It was an incredibly tender moment and the two women
seemed to melt into each others arms. I loved seeing this, and my erection waved
at them. Seeing them act this was toward each other made it seem like I was
watching them unawares. It was like I was being given a peek into an unseen
world. After the washcloth cunt moved onto the makeup and applied it deftly to
fucktoy. It took only a few minutes of work to apply her knew face. She applied
the lipstick last and when cunt was finished she put  the tube down and stepped
away from her hanging creation. I walked back to the two women, circling Fucktoy
as if to inspect her after her transformation. She passed and I told cunt that
she had done well. She flushed and visibly relaxed with relief while she thanked
me. This time I went to the dressing room and returned with an atomizer of
perfume which I handed to cunt to apply to fucktoy. She moved quickly to do just
that, standing behind fucktoy and spraying her liberally with the cheap perfume
as I stepped into my rightful place between fucktoy's legs and slid into her
with the same ease as before. Immediately I started fucking her hard holding
onto her hips with one hand. I held out to cunt another item for her use of
Fucktoy. She took the pair of scissors from my hand and looked at me. Her face
full of questions. I was nearing my climax, I slowed my pace a bit in an effort
to enjoy this moment even more. "Her hair." I was gasping for breath. "She needs
a haircut, take it all off." As soon as I had gotten the last of these words out
cunt took handfuls of her hair and crunched the scissors through them hard. They
weren't terribly good or even sharp scissors but they did the job well and soon
handfuls of her hair were removed and floating to the floor. Fucktoy was
justifiably horrified by this latest indignity. Her hair was a proud feature of
her beauty and femininity and I knew it was a source of considerable pride for
her. Something I suspected I could use against her, and it turns out I was
right. She crumbed into tears again, her recently applied makeup was soon
running down her cheeks. Too much for me and I fired my cum into her once again.
Releasing my harsh grip on her hips left handprints behind where I had been
gripping her. As soon as cunt had finished the hair cut leaving only an uneven
stubble behind that was a mere inch long I moved her around to fucktoys cunt and
forced her to her knees so that she could feed on my cum leaking from her slave
sisters cunt. A treat I told her mockingly that I knew she craved. I had one
more surprise in mind for the stripper. Another device of my own design that
rested on a shelf on the upright of the hoist. It was in essence very simple. A
weight handing by some wire passed through a metal ring. The weight would swing
to any movement fucktoy would make. When it did swing the wire holding the
weight would complete a circuit when it makes contact with the ring. The
destination of this current were the clips that I had handed to cunt for her to
place on fucktoys nipples. The tiny alligator clips were painful enough I guess.
Cause fucktoy sure started to squirm and cry as soon as they were placed on her.
With no current turned on she squirmed and swung freely in the chains. However,
as soon as I turned on the current the real screaming and pleading began. And it
was music to my ears. I left her like that and dragged cunt from the room by her
the chain on her collar.



	I had decided to switch the position of Cunt and Angela. It was important for
Angela's development that I do this. And I also wanted to put Cunt into her
place. When she saw that she was moving back to her original cramped quarters,
her hole in the wall she began to plead with me to keep her in the new
guesthouse. At least that way she would have some company. But I failed to
listen and she crawled into her hole obediently. My next stop was my office,
where I checked on Cunt. She had made herself right at home, her passivity had
been developed and enhanced by her captivity. Still she did have a point about
being left alone. It must be boring for her. So I gave her something to watch on
the screen mounted in the ceiling above her head. It was her greatest hits tape
and featured her best sex scenes with me. "Pay attention cunt...there will be a
test after the movie." She responded with her very own "Yes Darling" just like I
had trained her to.

	With her taken care of I could now switch my attention to her sister. I had
another movie for Angela to watch, and it was featuring her sister cunt as well.
Originally I had made plans for Angelas first time with me. When Albert Desalvo,
the infamous Boston Strangler was not quite the notorious nut that he evolved
into he committed a series of rapes around the Boston area that were dubbed the
Green Man Assaults, because of the green overalls he wore. He would take all day
to rape his victim. He was incredibly slow and patient, and ironically gentle.
It was his desire to be as careful and considerate to his victim as he could be.
I had originally planned this for Angela.

	I had left Angela chained up in my own bed for most of this day. I unchained
her and let her use the toilet before I brought her into my office. I pushed her
nude body into a plush leather chair, her attention was immediately drawn to a
video monitor where the still image of her sister was displayed. She was
blindfolded and her mouth was filled with a mans cock but it was unmistakably
her sister. I ran the movie and soon the man was coming in her sisters mouth and
spraying the rest of his cum onto her partially obscured face. If further proof
was needed that it was Cunt then her lusty words of encouragement were enough to
convince Angela that she was watching her own sister being used. The camera
pulled back to reveal the man that was enjoying her was not me. I knew his name
to be Barry the man from the club whom I had shared her with. Angela did not
know him except that she knew it was not me. Had I let the tape roll she might
have recognized the patio around the pool but I stooped the tape before it
rolled further.

	I waited a moment for her to look me in the eye. I wanted to make eye contact
to be convincing. "I have had her for about a year and she did well to keep my
interest that long.  I have given her to the man you saw. He doesn't want to get
caught by the police. I call him every day and we talk to make sure that
everything is alright. Is he doesn't hear from me he will try to call me. If we
do not speak to each other EACH day we assume the worst and that we are caught.
If that ever happens he will kill her and then her will go underground and make
his escape to the third world. I can have her killed with a phone call." I
paused to assess her, she was believing my story. "You don't want that do you
Angela?' She shook her head no and looked up at me with her big tear filled
eyes. She was so young and innocent  looking. As I get older the more I like
such young girls. Perhaps we have judged Roman Polanski too harshly in this
country. Still Angela was old enough to be legal, in most states. She sat in the
over stuffed chair sniffling. I walked around my desk and sat in my own chair.
"Well. I want an answer Angela. Are you going to be a good girl and cooperate or
should I make a call and finish your Sister off right now." She answered in a
whisper, I heard her but I made her repeat anyway. This time she spoke the words
a little louder. "I'll be good."

	I crooked my finger at her and made her stand and walk around the desk till she
was standing naked and trembling before me, I reached into a drawer of my desk
and remove a tube of the shade of red I liked and moved quickly to her face and
applied several thick coats of the stuff to her lips. The great thing about
having a fetish like this is you can always count on it t work for you. In a
moment she was transformed in my eyes from wide eyed innocent to budding porn
starlet with this simple change to her appearance. "I want you to go back to the
bedroom. In the closet you will find a box. In the box you will find some
clothes and some further instructions. Go and get dressed, read the
instructions. Then come back to me. She hurried from the room grateful to be
away from me, and eager to wear clothes again. If she only knew. Oh well she
would learn soon enough.

	She was wearing what I specified. A starched white blouse with a simple tweed
skirt that hung just below her knees, socks not stockings and very plain shoes.
All in all she looked like a very demure young lady. The kind of clothes you
would wear to court to impress a judge. I ran her through the script, which she
still clutched nervously to her side, and made her give the answers I wanted her
to give several times, for over an hour. For nearly two hours in fact, over and
over again until she was no longer acting the answer. Until she repeated them in
a relaxed manner. Until she was convincing, until I was convinced by her
answers. She told me her interrogator that she had come to stay with me until
she could get her life in order again. Until she could make sense of her life,
of the events of the last year. She had only recently become aware of how silly
she had been and that in fact he Sister had been guilty of the attempted murder
of her husband. The murder of her co-conspirators, and the truth of her suicide
in Mexico. By the time she finished this a little tear squeezed from the corner
of her eyes. Adding that little touch of piquancy that clinched her performance.
She went on to add how stupid she had been to just run out on her
responsibilities. Her job at the Burger Shack, her landlord, her friends. She
added that she would call them and make some proper arrangements, and that she
was so sorry to cause all the fuss. After all when she had gone missing there
had been a missing persons report filed with the police. By the time I made her
run through this charade a final time I almost believed it all myself. When she
had to perform to her audience for real she was convincing to Harv as well. Harv
came out to the farm with another cop, a younger cop whom I took to be a rookie
an apprentice to the grizzled veteran. I learned his name was Richard. His stood
in my living room with Harv and watched her performance impassionately. I
watched her speak and respond to their questions from behind them. I nervously
fingered my gun watching the show briefly showing the gun to her while she
spoke. I needed have worried though she behaved herself. She rubbed her hands
across her skirt while she spoke calmly and evenly. The more she spoke the
closer and tighter she bound herself to me for as long as I wanted. When she had
finished they chewed her out for a few minutes and left satisfied that I would
be taking good care of her for the foreseeable future. She was now in my care as
my guest. If she were a few years younger I could have even got a court to
appoint me as my ward. But that was not needed she was legally an adult, even if
her selfish actions did not prove it. It took a few days more to arrange her
retirement from the Burger Shack. I also hired some movers to clear out her
apartment and to move all her stuff in to storage. I left her phone working, and
in the weeks to come her friends called her but they too eventually would give
up on her when she failed to return her calls.

	By the time that Harv and Richard were leaving I walked them out to their car,
they were convinced that I was a nice guy and that I had taken the confused girl
in to my care, and was providing a safe haven from the confusing world for this
troubled girl. My steps back in to the house hardly touched on the gravel
driveway, I was walking on air. I found her sitting there waiting for me sitting
on the same chair that she had been on while reciting her story to the two
Officers. It was high time I broke her in. "Follow me." That was all I had to
say. I walked up to my bedroom and she followed me like the obedient puppy she
had to be. I undressed and motioned for her to do likewise. I finished first and
lay on the bed naked waiting for her to catch up to me. I guess that I was more
eager to fuck than she was, she was taking her time stripping. I wanted to tell
her to hurry up, but I did not interrupted her. The longer she drew it out the
longer we would be here, and the worse it would be for her. She was being stupid
really, if she hurried to disrobe it would be over quicker. But if she wanted to
prolong her torment then that was fine by me. She couldn't look at me, that too
was fine by me. I had all the time in the world to play with her now that I had
convinced the world that at large she was living here with me willingly. She sat
beside me and a moved her body down to lay beside me. She lay stiffly her eyes
closed and her head rolled to one side, away from me. She trembled ever so
subtlety. I moved my hands over her body slowly, tenderly even, I probed her
slowly. If she stiffened I would back off and relax my attack until she eased
back into relative calm. I took my time with her. I took as much time as I could
to ensure that she was not unduly scared and terrified of me. I kept massaging
her gently till she was open and relaxed with me. Well as relaxed as I could
make her under the circumstances. After at least and hour and a half of this she
whispered something into the wall that I did not hear. I asked her to repeat it
and she did louder but I was still only barely able to hear her plea. "Please
get it over with." I was enjoying myself immensely but I decided to grant her
request. I would punish her later for it. Still I only took her at my speed, I
wanted to make it last and I wanted her to understand that I make the rule not
her. Each time she tensed up, even the slightest I would back off my assault on
her. When I first reared up and grabbed my cock and leveled it at her vagina,
she bit her lip and braced herself against the bed. I stopped and backed off
till she relaxed again. Only when she was open and relaxed and ready to be raped
by me did I allow my guard down enough to slide myself into her. She was slick
but not enough, penetrating her was like pulling on a freshly washed pair of
jeans. I could feel her stretching around me as I slid my length into her
unwilling but pliant body. Soon enough I was the one who was out of control and
thrusting into her with abandon. All pretense of my earlier gentle demeanor was
lost and I fucked her hard till my sweat fell from my body onto her. A foretaste
of other fluids that I would be depositing into her. It must have been hurting
her a little, I mean physically as well as psychologically because she cried out
toward the end, twisted her face up into an ugly mask of tears and ever so
gently and futilely pressed her hands against my chest to gain some separation
of our naked bodies. She touched me with her soft hands, reluctantly desperate
to get some distance between us but ambivalent about initiating contact. I
watched as she struggled to touch me. The thought of how much she hated me, yet
was powerless to resist my touch was enough to push me over the edge. I was
desperate to make it last. I intended to pull out and grab my cock and keep it
from spurting my cum all over her, but I was too late. I had to instead be
satisfied with shooting my cum all over her body. I watched as it splashed
across her belly. She had a young body. Actually it was very young, she still
had traces of baby fat on her belly. The incongruity of my hot cum landing on
her baby fat helped me keep my erection a little while longer. I took her hand
and made her masturbate me using my dick as a paint brush spreading the cream
all over her belly and chest till it was all gone and rubbed into her skin. My
cum had dried, her tears had stopped flowing, my erection was now gone and still
I made her handle me as she lay there beneath me. No other scene could have
conveyed to her her subordinate and helpless position more effectively than this
one.

	She believed that her Sister was in the hands of another man whom I had given
her to, and furthermore that my survival and daily telephone call to this man
was all that was keeping her alive. For these reasons I expected Angela to
remember her place and obey me. I was confident that she would not try and
escape or summon help, but still I could not be too sure that she would not try
something as I slept. Life with her settled down into a parody of normalcy,
except during the nighttime when I would chain her up for my own safety, and
indirectly her safety as well. With Angela I tried to and liked to keep her
bondage to an absolute minimum. That way it helped to emphasis and enhance her
slavery to me that much more. Usually I only chained her up at night, with a
pair of handcuffs holding her hands behind her back, another pair holding her
ankles together, and a collar holding her with a short chain to my bed. Just
incase she decided to allow some mischief to enter her head while I slept
soundly. During the day she could watch TV, as long as I approved of the show,
or even read a book that I also approved of. Just this morning I let her watch
the Story of O, and tomorrow I will make her read the book. I expect that she
will like the book more. After all the book is always better.



 After a few days it was time to turn my attention to Fucktoy again she had some
stubble returning to her head by this time. She arrived in the bedroom to
perfectly attired and made-up ready to serve and found me a Cunt already waiting
for her. I had cunt on her knees sucking on my cock reverently. I held up a wig
for Fucktoy and she gratefully took it from me and placed it on her head
covering her shameful baldness. I forced the girls in to each othe3rs arms and
they performed a lesbian show for me. Their faces plastered to each other's
crotches, I watched as their manicured fingernails carefully entered the folds
of each others vaginas. I watched them till Fucktoy had faked her orgasm. Cunt
had one too, but I was certain that she did not fake she. She would never fake
them for me again, for her they would all be real. She could not take the chance
of displeasing me ever again. She believes that her complete obedience is
keeping my hands off her Sister Angela. I will let her think that for as long as
I can keep her convinced. "Ok ladies now I want you two to do something else for
me." They looked at me with questioning blank expressions, waiting for the next
odious task with placating smiles on their faces. "Fucktoy get into doggie style
position." She did folding her arms before her and resting her head in them, and
I motioned for cunt to get behind her, kneeling. "Ok Cunt you are the boy I want
you to fuck her silly now." She moved into position, but failed to do more than
that. Cunt looked at me puzzled. "I don't have a cock.. I mean a dildo or
anything to use on her Darling." "That's right you don't wait here girls I be
right back with something you can use. on her." I left the room and went out of
the building altogether and returned with a little gift that Harv had dropped
off for me when her came to hear Angela's tale. I led the new dog in to the
bedroom chamber on a leash the nails of his paws clicked on the concrete as he
walked into the bedroom chamber with me I handed Cunt the leash and said. "Here
Cunt use this on her." My voice was cold and menacing. I meant what I said.
Fucktoy made no move to escape, she merely began to cry heavily into her
forearms, her whole body shaking. Cunt knelt there dumbfounded holding the
leash. Not able to bring herself to move toward her fellow captive. My patience
was wearing thin. "Do you want to change places with her Cunt?" I left them to
together like that. Fucktoy crying on her knees, Cunt confused and puzzled, and
the dog between them on a leash leading to Cunt's hands. I really didn't want to
watch I just wanted them to do it. I was more interested ion them obeying more
than anything else. After all I could watch the video latter if I wanted to.

If making the two women do this despicable act was not enough I made them do it
everyday. On the second day I watched them do it. After they were done I had
Cunt lead the dog into one of the cells of the guesthouse, leaving me and
Fucktoy alone. "Once again I show to you that there are worse things that being
fucked by me, and worse things than being dead. I want you to obey, I want you
to teach the dog how to fuck a woman. And one more thing, the sooner you act
like you like it the sooner you will not have to fuck the dog anymore." A
flicker of hope passed through her face To add even more sweetness to the pot I
added on further incentive. "After you show me how much you like it you can
change places with Cunt and get a little payback for yourself." By this time
Cunt had returned to lead Fucktoy away to her cell. I waited for Cunt to return,
she was gone about fifteen minutes. It took her that long to arrange for Fucktoy
to remove her clothes, put them away, shower and allow herself to be sealed into
her cell for the night.

	When Cunt came back to me I was more than ready for her and wasted no time in
taking her. At first I fucked her doggy style. I wanted to be especially brutal
with her, with hard fast jabs into her. And for me only doggy style can allows
the freedom of movement to accomplish this. I held onto her by her garter belt
using them like the reigns of a horse riding her, and pulling her on and off me
tearing the garment as I fucked her. A few vicious thrusts into her and she was
grunting and screaming right along with me. If I kept this up for a few minutes
more I would come into her. So to prolong her displeasure I decided to stop and
flip her around and take her face to face. I like putting my face right up into
hers and smelling her makeup and sweat. I like watching her expressions as she
tries to please me by hiding her disgust at being so close to me. I wanted to
hurt her to make her cry again just like I had done when I had first imprisoned
her. She was trying to make me cum to finish it. "Fuck me! You feel so good."
and the odd "Yes, don't stop" she threw at me in between animalistic grunts and
cries, all in a effort to help me get off to end her torture. It was all that
she could do, the merest remnant of any power she once had. I wanted to crush
her into the bed with my cock and fucked her like that hard and fast, then
harder and faster till I could not go any faster. Of course I cannot keep this
up indefinitely and I had to slow down from time to time. It was during one of
them slower calmer periods during this fuck that I began to talk to her. "I may
be here fucking you Cunt but I am not here really." She moaned her head tilted
back and pressed her hips up into me to meet my next slow thrust. "Even though I
am living a fantasy that most men can only dream about, I too am in another
fantasy right now." I had slowed my movements right down to nothing, I was so
near her face. My words were as unavoidable as was my body. "While I'm fucking
you, I am thinking about someone else." She began to get the gist of my words
now and I saw her mental resistance begin to break down, her last line of
defense crack, just like I wanted. "While I'm fucking your here, I am thinking
about Angela, and how young and sweet and fresh she is." She opened her eyes and
looked at me for the first time since I had started taking her. Her eyes
searched my face for any sign of mercy or pity but as usual there was none to be
found. "You are thinking about her too now aren't you Cunt?" She nodded what I
already knew to be the truth. I fucked her harder now, I fucked her to the
finish line, filling her up yet again with my cum with pleasant thought of her
Sister filling my head. Cunt too was thinking about Angela, praying that she
could keep me amused and too occupied to touch her Sister. But deep down she
must have known that this was impossible. She did not know, could not have known
that I had already begun using Angela. That I was playing them against each
other. Their love for each other was a powerful force that I could use to twist
them into my slaves. Their efforts at protecting each other from me was making
it perfect for me, and I was able to keep each of them in line, as long as they
were terrified of me, and believed that I was all powerful.

	A few days later after the dog had used Fucktoy, I took the a little road trip
to the place where I had dumped Whores car. The country road was just as I
remembered it. Funny how the country doesn't seem to change that much. The trees
were a little taller, but not much else had changed. I hadn't come for just
another sight seeing trip, I had work to do, and I had more evidence to plant. I
removed part of her remains from the trunk. It was a portion of her skull and
jaw. I had used the grub worms to clean it of all flesh, simulating nature. The
dog had furnished the finishing touches however. The bit marks and scratches on
the surface were subtle but noticeable nonetheless. It was my hope that some
forensic specialist would interpret these sights that she had been dumped here
by Cunt along with the car, but had not been found till recently, and that Whore
had decomposed over the course of the last year or so and had been scavenged by
the animals of the woods. It was kind of like sending a message in a bottle. I
had no idea if it would ever be found, or what would be made of it, but in the
event of a trial for myself it could provide some confusing evidence. Maybe just
enough to cause some doubt in a juror, and help preserve my miserable hide.

	

	Having Cunt and the rest of the girls was of course terrific. But having Angela
around was a whole new ball game, she was free to move around and as such I
would come into contact with her more and more. She of course would try and keep
her distance from me. But I would always insist that she stay in the same room
as me. She had no wardrobe to speak of, at least not one that I approved of. So
I decided to take her shopping. We went into town together and I took her to a
mall. She no doubt feared the worst, but we shopped for some normal clothes.
Nice cotton tops, and pants and few pairs of shorts too. After a while she began
to relax just a little. By this time it was near closing time for the mall. Then
we went to the store that I wanted to take her to. It was nearly deserted in
here, but the clerk didn't mind, it was clear that we were here to spend some
serious money. I picked out a few simple teddies for her to try on for me and
sent her to the change room. It was a very classy lingerie store. The clerk led
me to a semi private room, made sure I was comfortable with some coffee. I found
a catalogue and leafed through it while I chatted with her. Angela did real
good, for a kid she has a lot of guts. She came out to model her first teddy. I
made her walk the length of the room and turn in front of use then walk back a
few times. The teddy was conservative enough and under normal circumstances
something she might even have picked out for herself. " I don't know I mean I
like it and we are going to take it but I don't know." I held up the catalogue
for the clerk. "Have you got anything like this?" Her eyes got a little wider
than she nodded. "Yes we have that." I flipped through the catalogue while
Angela stood there being ignored. I picked out several more items. Some they had
some they did not. I made Angela model everything for me. Everything from simple
garter belts, to corsets and waist cinchers. Her modest breasts were pushed up
and displayed in a series of bras, full cup half cup, and even no cup that
really got my approval. Angela was acting like she was made of stone throughout
the entire humiliating episode. She responded to questions but did not initiate
speech. We spent hours in the lingerie shop. By the time we finally left I left
the clerk a nice tip. We made arrangements to come back in a month or so. When
the store had a chance to get some more stock in. I didn't like Angela to wear
clothes, so on the drive back to the farm I made her strip naked again. It was
all I could do to keep my hands off her for the hour long drive, let alone my
eyes. "I think that when we get home I'd like you to wear the green outfit for
me." She turned her head to the window. "You'd do that for me wouldn't you
Angela?" She nodded but did not speak. She was incredibly quiet, almost all the
time. She was still in an incredible depression, which she would likely remain
in for quite some time. Her life was over, now she lived her life for me.

	The trip home was uneventful, and we soon found ourselves in the bedroom
together. The green number was not an overly trampy outfit, but on Angela most
things looked good, even provocative. It was basically an emerald green teddy,
that hung loosely on her body, The shoulder straps threatening to tumble from
her smooth shoulders at the slightest provocation. While she dressed I nearly
tore off my clothes and lay down on the bed waiting for her to come to me. She
walked slowly into the room dragging her feet, her eyes focused on the carpet,
desperate to avoid contact with me. She had the look of a woman who wanted to be
elsewhere very badly. She moved onto the bed with me after some coaching, and
sat close to me. I moved to her, my legs parted and my erection sprang up at her
full and heavy. I took her in my arms and pressed the full length of her body
into mine. She did not resist, how could she, but she did not help me either.
That would come later. My experience with the others had taught me that. Women
in my captivity go through some predictable stages. Firstly they react to me
from fear, then the fear wears off and the routine of fucking me takes over.
They lay there pliant but unwilling. Soon this is tiresome to me and I make
further demands upon them. They are then able to fake passion with me. Badly at
first and then with greater conviction as they get more and more practice. I
turned her face into mine and began to explore her mouth with my lips and
tongue. I loved it when her mouth fell open to my advances, her jaw hanging
limply as I used my tongue to explore her mouth fully. She was falling into the
second stage already, passive acceptance, without fully realizing it. As I
kissed her I pressed my cock against her belly and thighs. Ever time she tried
to squirmed away I pressed myself into her harder. She soon stopped trying to
ease the distance between us and let my hot erection sizzle against her. I held
her head in my hands forcing her to kiss me back. I held her head gently, I had
no need to be cruel or violent. I made her kiss me back, and I made her kiss me
lower and lower with each kiss. By the time she got to my chest she figured out
what I had in mind, and needed no further coaching to reach my dick. She dove
right in like a good girl and began to lick and suck me with all the passion she
could muster. I let her do her thing all the while I watched her intently. She
was clearly a beautiful girl, but I began to compare her to the other women and
the other women in the world. By those standards there must be a millions of
women who are as attractive as Angela. Lets say 30 million just for kicks, and
each one has 6 inches of cunt that is going to waste. I wonder how many miles of
prime cunt that is going to waste? I let my mind wander with these thoughts,
aimlessly pondering such things and doing the math in my head a;; the while
staring into her face while she worked away on my erection. Thirty million, each
with 6 inches, that's 15 million feet. Hmmm... 5280 feet in a mile that's nearly
3000 miles of cunt in all these women. Assuming that each had six inches of
cunt. All the while I let my mind wander...I watched her impassively. I wanted
her to fail and she certainly did. My once rock hard dick lay limply in her
mouth. She looked up at me defeated and sniffling gently around my penis. Still
my gaze did not change, she slid her mouth off me and slid back onto her heels.
I reached down and slid my hands into her hair. I didn't need to be rough or
brutal. I simply moved her back into position again her lips wrapped around my
member. I made her suck on me all afternoon. Whenever I felt that she was making
some progress, I thought about something stultifying and killed off my erection.
It was fun making her go through the motions again and again till finally I
allowed her to succeed. What better way to teach her how to suck my cock?
Practice makes perfect. When I finally allowed myself to cum in her mouth and
let her succeed she tried to pull back. The thought occurred to me that given
her limited experience I may have been the first man's cum she had swallowed. It
certainly looked that way from the sick look she had on her face. "I guess that
you haven't had the chances to suck cock that your big Sister has had. Don't
worry I like you. I'll give you a few more chances to get good. A few more maybe
one or two more chances." She thanked me for my benevolence after I pointed out
that she should. Then I continued. "Now Angela I had fun and since you were such
a good sport about blowing me I think you should have some fun too." So I made
her play with herself in front of me. Of course she would not climax, or even
get excited but it was important that she learn to act for me. I made her play
with her hands, inserting her fingers into her pussy and asshole at the same
time. First singly and then in pairs. Before she faked her cum I told her she
had better be convincing. She was. A few more days or weeks at the most of
forcing her to act her part and it would become like second nature.



	Angela was progressing well but I still needed to keep in her mind the idea
that her Sister was the helpless captive of another man who had her. To that end
I decided to make another video of her. But this time I wanted her to be seen in
action with Fucktoy. I would have to edit it carefully to keep all sign of me
from the video. Not an insurmountable problem, but still a consideration
nevertheless. As usual I had the women dress for the occasion. As I was keeping
Cunt in her old quarters in the basement of the farmhouse again I went to her
and had her prepare herself for me. Unusually I took the time to watch her
prepare herself for me this time. I took her from her cell personally and let
her stretch out the kinks caused by her confinement. I unlocked her collar from
the chain and watched as she moved into the shower. She was careful to be quick,
as well as seductive in her movements. She covered herself with liquid soap and
the scrubbing pad quickly turned the soap into a cascade of bubbles all over her
body. It was as if her curves were covered by bubble bath even though she was
standing. She finished quickly leaning back into the fall of water, brushing the
bubbles from her breasts, and downward to the full curves of her hips and her
shapely thighs. She turned and bend over to turn off the water, showing off her
rear. She swayed and turned in the shower to display it to me from all sides and
every angle. Toweling dry afforded her to display her charms to me yet again.
She used her the towel to alternately hide and show off her body to me. All the
while making it seem as though she was only drying herself off.

	I didn't lead her to the next station, she surely knew the way. She sat down at
the makeup table and immediately began to blow dry her hair. It wasn't very wet
so it didn't take very long at all. And she was soon onto curling it with the
curling iron. Afterward she leaned into the mirror and began to apply her makeup
with a steady hand, finishing up with a tiny brush first outlining her lips and
then filling them with color and then finally a think heavy coat of gloss
coating them and sealing the color in. She turned around on the stool to face me
without standing. It was the first time I had seen her transformed since she had
began. Her appearance like this always had the same affect on me. While I may
have many women here she would always be special to me, would always be my
favorite. She was stunning, and would be to me forever. She waited patiently for
her dressing instructions. I walked over to the wardrobe and removed a very
simple choice for her this evening. It was a slip made of stretch lace, that she
slid it over her head and let fall down her body obscuring her features but not
hiding them from view. To this I added a pair of stocking that stayed up by
themselves and a pair of heels.



	We made our way from the farmhouse to the guesthouse. I was mildly surprised to
find it was night and a quick check of my watch found it to be the middle of the
night. No matter time was all but unimportant. I took her to meet her fellow
captive. While I had watched Cunt get ready for the nights fun Fucktoy had
already received her preparation instructions and we found her waiting for us in
the bedroom chamber, on her hands and knees. Doggy style position again, how
appropriate for her. "Go get him Cunt." She walked off without a word to
retrieve the dog for Fucktoy's session with him. She waited for her lover
stoically, very brave. Cunt led the dog back into the room. He was happy and
panting with excitement, his erection dangling beneath him. He wasted little
time in trying to mount his bitch, but he was unsuccessful. Cunt made a move to
help. "Stop! She3's a hot bitch and can do it herself. Can't you Fucktoy." The
question was rhetorical and we all knew it. "I sure can Darling." She tried top
be cheerful throughout the sentence but she was not able to hide her feelings
completely. Poor girl, she would fuck the dog till she could do it right. She
was wearing a blonde wig over her shaved head. I thought to myself that her hair
would likely grow out before she learned how to fuck the dog properly.



	Cunt and I sat on the bed and watched her. I did anyway, Cunt tried to look at
the floor until I made her watch. "Learn all you can Cunt. You may need to take
her place soon." I saw her shudder. "Yes Darling." Even before she could reach
between her legs and feed the dogs penis into herself I had wanted to join in on
the action. I pushed Cunt down to the floor in the doggy style position in front
of Fucktoy. They knelt on the floor face to face, and I clambered behind Cunt
and into her at the same time as Fucktoy began her sickening task. It was a
beautiful mirror image a moment of uncommon camaraderie between me and my new
dog. We each had a bitch to ride, and we were riding them hard together,
plundering them for our own selfish urges. It wasn't long before they had their
faces pressed into each others. The two women separated as they had been and
forced to compete for my cock had quickly learned to hate each other. But I
forced them into even more intimate contact with each other as we fucked them
literally together into contact. I made them kiss each other and slobber over
one another as we all panted and breathed heavily. Of course this was the
session that I was filming for Angela's consumption. If I had done it right all
she would see in the frame would be her sister and this woman on her hands and
knees, each servicing their owners. She would not be able to tell one of them
was me, or the other one was my dog for that matter. Any telltale evidence of my
ownership on the audio track would be easy enough to edit out. "Hey Fucktoy!" I
interrupted her and wrenched her from her enforced musings. She looked up at me,
through her wig which had covered her face. "Yes Darling?" "I decided on a name
for the dog. I want you to call him "Zilla" like Godzilla. The same name as your
old man. That fat pig who got you in this mess OK?" Of course it was Ok.
Anything that I wanted was OK. "Go on call him by his new name." She kept
fucking back through all this. "Zilla.. good boy Zilla." "No not like that you
stupid bitch. Like this...'Fuck me Zilla...harder'...Like that." She began to
plead with the dog to fuck her just like I wanted. But soon she was unable to
continue, as the tears that could not be contained crashed through her final
mental barrier. Funny what makes her cry, the memories of her past life and how
low she had sunk were all it took this time. The name of the dog was perfect,
ever time she laid eyes on him it would bring it all back for her.

	Cunt had a vested interest in keeping her in one piece. After all Fucktoys
presence was keeping her own pussy from being served up by me to satisfy the
dogs dick. At least that is what I told her to believe. Who knew what she really
believed anymore. I had placed her in the position of sacrificing, pimping her
fellow slaves body to the dog to save herself. This further served to crush any
residual ego she may have had left after her first year of servitude. With that
goal in mind she tried to please me by getting Fucktoy's tears to stop, the only
way she could think to. She took her face in her hands and tried to calm her by
kissing her even more passionately than she had been so far. She whispered
soothing words into her ear. I could not hear most of them but what I did hear
went like this. "It's OK you can do it. Stop crying that's what he wants, don't
let him win everything." Things like that. It seemed to work, even though
Fucktoy hated Cunt, and she regained some of her composure. Enough to finish her
act anyway.

	The dog finished into the sobbing woman. Seeing her there, prostrate, crushed
on the floor triggered my cock to fire deep inside my Cunt. I was making a movie
and I had wanted a cumshot over her back, perhaps splattering in her hair. But
the perversity of the scene displayed before me was too much. Oh well, you can't
have everything.

	

	I did however force the women into enjoying each others bodies. I had hoped
that this would inspire another erection from my crotch, seeing two perfectly
formed women grinding their crotches against each others before me, but even
this lewd sight did not interest me. It was time to call it a night. After I
regained my composure I took Zilla, the newly named dog away till he was needed.
Fucktoy had another date with the animal tomorrow. She had failed to provide a
satisfactorily slutty show, once again, and she could look forward to another
coupling, and another and another till she got it right. I began to think that
she would never get it right, and graduate from dog whore back in to my good
graces. I'm sure that is what she thought too, and I am equally certain that her
new treatment was responsible for the condition I found her in a few days later.
She really must have wanted to die to have done what she had. I thought that the
cells were suicide proof. But she sure showed me. She had managed to sneak a
stocking into her cell from the night before. With it she had tied a loop around
her neck and another one around a leg of her bunk. She then must have laid on
the concrete flooring and rotated, rolling  herself a number of times till the
improvised noose tightened around her throat and she choked herself to death.
She didn't really want to die, she wasn't suicidal. She just preferred it to
living the life I forced upon her. I should have been more careful. But in the
end I really didn't care. She had finally paid for her crimes. 



Her death left a void in the use of the women. I now had no one to service the
dog. I explained this to Cunt, and presented the possibility that her Sister
Angela would replace Fucktoy in the daily couplings with Zilla the dog. "No" was
her response. She quickly caught herself and elaborated. "Please Darling don't
do that to my sister." But someone is going to have to fuck the dog. Do you want
to help me get someone else to do it?" Again the look of horror filled the
helpless woman's face, and she shook her head no, unable to form the words,
paralyzed by the mental images I was driving into her mind. "Then quite being
such a stupid bitch and decide, who will fuck the dog you or your Sister?" She
managed to croak out the words. Of course I heard her the first time but I made
her repeat herself several times till the words "Please Darling let me be the
dogs girl" flowed from her mouth without hesitation. "Fine Cunt, that's just
fine. Then it is agreed you will fuck the dog and I will fuck your Sister." She
actually looked surprised. "What!? But you can't YOU PROMISED you wouldn't touch
her." She fell to her knees before me and continued to plead for me to
reconsider. I answered her simply and coolly. "You don't actually expect me to
put my cock into the same Cunt as my dog do you?" She was beyond answering now,
but I continued anyway. "Last chance to decide, who fucks the dog?" She replied
"please Darling let your Cunt fuck the dog." "And who fuck Angela?" "You do
Darling." Poor stupid Cunt if she only knew what I had been doing to her Sister
already. The thought titillated me no end, and I decided to show her in a few
more days. After she had gotten used to the new scheme of things.

For such a momentous event I had her carefully prepare herself. For the first
time in a long time I allowed Cunt to dress in a less feminine manner, it was no
less humiliating though. I had her wear the Domme costume that Fucktoy used to
wear on stage while she teased her male audience with her charms. It consisted
mostly of PVC and some leather all in black or course. Some fingerless gloves
and a crop also normally accompanied the costume. But I denied her the crop. I
made her witness my assault upon her Sister, which she thought would be the
first time I was to take her. She looked great as usual. "If I hear you so much
as breath in heavily while I am fucking Angela, I will march the two of you down
into the basement and I will make you watch her fuck Zilla until dawn. Got it
Cunt?" I punctuated the remark with yet another slap to her face. She would not
make a sound. I led her into my bedroom on the end of a leash. Together we found
Angela waiting for us sitting on the bed with her legs drawn up folded beneath
her body. She looked around frantically but could see nothing. The blindfold I
had earlier placed on her made sure of that. Besides the blindfold all she wore
were a pair of stockings, and heels. Both in white of course. Nothing like the
color white enhances a woman's vulnerability. I led Cunt to the bench formed by
a bay window sat her down and crossed my mouth with my finger emphasizing that
she be quite.

 I sat beside Angela on the bed and began to caress her hair and then her body
all the while I glanced over at Cunt to make sure that she was watching and
being good. I made Angela undo my pants. She fumbled around a bit being unable
to see but she soon felt her way around and sorted out the task. Soon she had my
pants off, my erection sprang free and brushed up against her lips. I pushed her
head down to my prick and she started to suck me off. She was far too tentative.
Cunt was watching of course. I crocked my finger at her and beckoned her to the
bed to join us. When she was within range of my hard I pulled her down and made
her sit down on the bed on the other side of my body. I forced Cunts hand to the
back of Angela's head. She pulled her hand away immediately, but I insisted. She
maintained contact this time and I forced her to move her Sister's head up and
down on my erection. To make her choke on me I would randomly hump up into her
face every now and then. She would choke and sputter but she still kept it up.
My attention was diverted by black drops that were landing on Cunt's forearm.
They were tears mixed with mascara that were leaking out from her closed eyes.
She could not look at what I was making her Sister do to me. Neither woman could
see anything. Angela could not see through the blindfold and Cunt could not see
through her closed tear filled eyes. I could feel myself starting to cum, so I
whipped off the blindfold from Angela's eyes seconds before I poured my cum into
her mouth. She looked up at me and then just as quickly to find out the mystery
person forcing her head down onto me was her own Sister. My prick fell from her
mouth and my cum dribbled all over the place as she cried out for her Sister.
She made a move toward her but I stopped it. She pleaded to touch her, but we
both ignored her. Quickly I snapped a collar around her neck which chained her
up in the corner of the room and kept her from her Sister, despite her desperate
struggles. I had to gain control of the situation. "Really good blow job Angela,
really first rate. Cunt would love to stay and play with us wouldn't you Cunt?"
She looked up at me, and managed to nod her head yes. That was close enough for
me. "But she can't she has a date with her new owner, Isn't that right Cunt?"
Again she managed to nod yes. To Cunt this meant that I was going to make her
fuck the dog now. But to Angela this further reinforced the lie that I
permanently given her to another man who now owned her, who would cause harm to
her is she disobeyed my orders. It was a perfect setup. I still owned both of
them, but having Cunt participate in my Abuse of Angela further traumatized them
both. While all this was sinking in I led Cunt out of the room and down the
stairs into the basement, and then into the original dungeon that I had kept her
in for the first year of her imprisonment.



Weeks later after all the tears had dried Angela and myself found ourselves
invited to the Potter Mansion, along with a few hundred of Mr. Potters closest
friends and business partners. He looked good in his wheelchair. He may have a
few good years left. He may as well be happy in his remaining years. That's how
he explained his marriage to his nurse anyway. The ceremony was a brief civil
one held in the garden. I even caught the garter that he feebly tossed. I think
he intended I catch it. The implication was clear, and I agreed with it. I was
getting to old to remain a bachelor forever, I should make an honest woman out
of Angela. I had appearances to keep up. Appearances of normalcy. Funny how
those of us who appear normal on the surface really are quite different when you
get to know us on a more intimate level.


The END

Special thanks to all who have submitted content ideas. (You know who you are,
by the events you have read about). 

I had fun writing this series, but now it is time to put them to bed for a
while, likely forever. I am still writing other stories, thought slowly. I am
still writing similar stories of male dominance. Being a Dom myself I will never
write a story in which the male is subordinate. Even the thought is enough to
make me ill.

My next story will be called Safekeeping. If you liked this one keep your eyes
peeled for it.

Here's wishing you all have a healthy sex and fantasy life.

















































Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Special Kwa


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





