BDSM Library - Roissy Society




Roissy Society
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An erotic story author met one of his female readers and was introduced to the "Roissy Society", a secret women D/s club, where his wildest fantasy dreams became true.
ROISSY SOCIETY
by Mike Dee (mikedee@pipeline.com)





ROISSY SOCIETY
Chapter IA      "The Meeting"
 
        Several months ago I started to post erotic stories on 
the Internet. These stories were of a bondage and discipline 
nature. To my delight the stories generated responses from the 
readers. Many of the responses came from women readers who said 
that they were turned on by my writing. I was surprised because 
the stories all entailed a dominant male and women in 
submissive positions often without their consent. One such 
response from a lady reader developed into numerous exchanges 
of E-Mail. Gradually the E-Mail had changed from comments and 
suggestions about the stories to more personal and 
philosophical nature. Then came the fated message asking me to 
meet her up front and personal. The game had changed. No longer 
could I play it safe hiding behind the cyber screen. I was 
unsure. Finally I reasoned if I wanted to always play safe, I 
would be writing anonymous letters to Ann Landers, not posting 
bondage stories on the Internet. After several more E-Mail 
messages the meeting was set to take place on Saturday in a bar 
of a popular hotel in the center of the city. I was nervous but 
curiosity got the better of me. I only hoped that curiosity 
would not kill this cat.
        Saturday morning, I got dressed in dress slacks, a 
buttoned shirt and a nice pull over sweater. I was in my preppy 
look. It was a little before noon when I arrived at the bar. I 
spotted her right away. She was dressed in the red outfit she 
described in her last E-Mail message to me. I only knew her by 
Pamela. She was not what I expected. I was much older, but she 
was attractive. I was a good ten years younger then she was. I 
cannot say that she had a killer body but it was not bad. Only 
in our fantasies does everyone look like Christy Brinkley. She 
looked more formal in her red dress outfit then I imagined and 
her hair was set by hair stylist. If I looked preppy then she 
looked all business like. After a short introduction, we sat 
down in one of the many vacant booths. I immediately ordered a 
drink, my favorite, a shot of whiskey and a beer. Pamela 
ordered white wine. The shot went fast, the beer lasted for a while. 
       After some obligatory small talk, the conversation 
shifted to our mutual interest "erotic literature". I confessed 
that I enjoyed reading "bondage" books ever since I was 
seventeen. I still remember the first one I ever read. It was 
the Marquis De Sade's "Justine". Pamela said she too had long 
been seduced into the fantasy world of erotic literature. Her 
first book was Henry Miller's "Tropic of Cancer". I asked 
Pamela how she got into reading "bondage" novels. Her answer 
was short, "The Story of O". Suddenly we were both connected. 
The second bondage book I was able to acquire at seventeen from 
my local bookstore was the "Story of O" and through the years 
this was still my number one favorite book of the genre. I saw 
that Pamela was in agreement. There are many wonderful 
"bondage" books but the "Story of O" has remained in a class by 
itself. It's funny how all of sudden the atmosphere had changed 
from encounter with an older stranger to a friendly 
conversation about a topic deep in my heart and other places.
         After several minutes of recounting our favorite 
scenes, Pamela asked if I thought the story was real. I 
immediately answered, "No". Pamela asked if I thought that such 
society could exist. I doubted that such a fantasy as the 
"Story of O" could really take place, but I wouldn't be shocked 
to find out that some people had attempted to live out the 
story. Pamela turned quite serious and said that in fact she 
knew of a "society" that closely resembled the society in the 
"Story of O".  I asked Pamela the source of her information and 
she said herself. Pamela proudly stated she was a member of the 
"Roissy Society". I was skeptical but not shocked. I can tell 
Pamela could see that I doubted her. I told that although I was 
still a skeptic, I would love to hear more about the "Roissy 
Society". I was very intrigued. I then ordered another shot of 
whiskey. I love a good story.
       Pamela went on to described the "Roissy Society". Pamela 
said that the "Roissy Society" was formed over twenty-five 
years ago by some wealthy women who liked having younger women 
at their service. The "Roissy Society" was a closely guarded 
secret and that security of the society and it properties was 
one of the most important objectives of its members. Although 
small by most standards, the "Roissy Society" had grown to 
about four thousand members worldwide.  Although it shared some 
main themes with the "Story of O" the society was completely 
different. The main difference was that the "Roissy Society" 
was dominated by women. Women made up 85% of the society and 
women held all the important positions. At this point I became 
very uneasy and Pamela could see. She explained, although women 
vastly outnumbered the men and had control of the society, men 
were not used as submissives. In fact men were used to maintain 
the discipline of the "Roissy Society". The role of the men was 
to keep the submissives in line and of proper service to the "Roissy Society". 
       The "Roissy Society" looked for a certain type of man. 
The "Roissy Society" preferred a mature man not a kid. The 
society never recruited men involved in the public S/M scene. 
The "Roissy Society" only recruited men of high intelligence. 
If the society had to choose between brawn or brain, the 
thinking ability was the attribute most desired. The "Roissy 
Society" survived by those members willing to submit themselves 
to a fantasy existence. The larger the intellectual capacity of 
the person, the more likely that person is capable of fantasy 
and the more vivid the fantasy. The "Roissy Society" needed men 
who would adopt the fantasy and fellow the rules of the society 
even if the rules were handed down by women. The society needed 
men who would act pretty much like the middle managers. I said 
like the position women find themselves today in the corporate 
society. Pamela smiled and said exactly. Pamela could see that 
the vision of the "Roissy Society" was not exactly turning me 
on. Pamela said she was happy with my reaction. The "Roissy 
Society" didn't want wimps kowtowing to women. The "Roissy 
Society" wanted men who in order to fulfill their fantasy of 
sexual domination of women were willing to obey a small 
minority of females to take unbridled pleasure with the 
majority of women who were the property of the "Roissy Society". 
         I wasn't buying into the fantasy and Pamela sensed she 
was losing me, when she stood up and called to a young lady 
sitting at the bar. This young lady was a looker and she was 
dressed to excite the libido. Without hesitation this young 
lady got up and left the bar and the several men trying to hit 
on her and walked over to us. Before sitting down, Pamela 
introduced the young lady as her property. Pamela stated that 
she obtained this property as she called the young lady at a 
"Roissy Society" auction five months ago. I hadn't said a word. 
My mouth was still on the floor from the moment I saw this 
young lady. No she was not Christy, but she was damn close. The 
young lady appeared to be in her mid to late twenties and was 
well endowed in the right places, yet she was tall and thin. 
However the most outrageous part of this young lady was her 
outfit. Her clothes made her out to say the least "available" 
but not cheap. She was wearing a dress that had a top made up 
of two straps of cloth about two inches wide starting at the 
waist and scantily covering each breast and meeting behind her 
neck, attached by a large red snap. This young lady had the 
kind tits that screamed "feel me". The back of the dress was 
also interesting. It was tight just like the young lady's ass. 
It appeared to be wide panels of material that crisscrossed 
crossed over the ass and held together by a button on the 
bottom hem and two snaps running up the fold over. You did not 
have to be a fashion designer to realize this dress was 
designed to unfold and bear the wearer's entire ass with little 
effort. If the dress had been red or even black it would be 
shouted "Whore" but it was white so it was just only risqui.
         I watched the young lady closely as she sat down. No 
she didn't unfold the back of the dress so her naked ass cheeks 
could feel the leather of the booth. Pamela noticed my 
attention to detail and she smiled. Pamela said, "Privacy and 
security of the "Roissy Society" override all other 
considerations. If we were in a more private place, she would 
have exposed her naked ass to the bench, but to do so in this 
public hotel bar would not be prudent. However she will be 
punished later for this infraction of the rules. I didn't know 
what to think. I was still skeptical. One possible bond servant 
didn't make up a supposed society of "thousands". I asked how I 
should address the young lady. Pamela said curtly, "Carolyn". I 
like a fool asked Carolyn "If she like a drink." She did not 
answer, but turned to Pamela. Pamela said "No". Pamela sent 
Carolyn to sit next to me. Pamela then told me to ask Carolyn 
any questions I might have. I was lost. I never really 
questioned a bond servant before.
       I asked what seemed the most logical question. I asked 
Carolyn why when she was left alone at the bar, she didn't 
runaway. With a slight laugh Carolyn simply said "Because I 
don't want to". I then asked if she was always free to leave 
Pamela anytime she wanted. Again with that same slight laugh 
Carolyn replied, "Of course not, I am the Mistress's property 
and as the Mistress's property, I don't get to pick and choose 
as I please". Carolyn stated that she had been a member of the 
"Roissy Society" for over four years. Carolyn went on to say 
that her mistress allows her property a measure of freedom from 
time to time to test their reactions, but most of the time the 
mistress provides a secure environment where there is no choice 
but her mistress's desires. I asked Carolyn if it was the love 
for her Mistress that caused to remain the Mistress's property 
when the opportunity escape was left wide open. Carolyn said, 
"It was not only the love for her mistress that kept her from 
running away, but the love of the life she was living. Carolyn 
loved being her mistress's property. She loved the fact that 
she was totally free to be property under the auspices of the "Roissy Society".
       I asked Pamela if she said that she obtained Carolyn at 
an "auction". Pamela didn't blink an eye lid and said she paid 
$130,000.00 for a two year contract on Carolyn. Pamela saw me 
jump in my seat and she said you must be well heeled to be a 
Mistress in the "Roissy Society". I asked who gets the money. 
Pamela said that after the "Roissy Society" takes its 25% off 
the top, the rest of the money goes to the bond servant. I 
looked at Carolyn in a new light. Carolyn might be property but 
she was expensive merchandise. I said I now knew why Carolyn 
didn't leave. Carolyn could expect close to $100,000.00 after 
two years of service under the contract. Pamela said that the 
only requirement for Carolyn to receive her money was for her 
to stay for six months under the contract and be paid per rata. 
Pamela did say that once a member leaves the "Roissy Society" 
they cannot return. Pamela said that in fact the majority of 
members leave the "Roissy Society" after ten years of service 
to the society. There was an added bonus or severance pay that 
makes the ten year mark attractive goal for the members of the 
society. Most of the members retire from the "Roissy Society" 
with more the $500,000.00 in assets. I asked how is this kind 
of money secured by the "Roissy Society". Pamela said that 
through a myriad of dummy corporations the "Roissy Society" has 
massive annuities. Each member of the society is set up with a 
secret Swiss bank account that earns money with each month's 
service to the society. The majority of members of the "Roissy 
Society" never raise beyond the status of being property to the 
"Roissy Society". After ten years the only members left are the 
truly serious members who desire to achieve the status of 
Mistress. Pamela then added, "If you happen to be born rich 
like myself, you can make Mistress in fifteen years. If the 
only money you posses was earned as being a member of the 
'Roissy Society' then it could take twenty years to become a 
Mistress". I was shocked. Even if this was all a fairy tale, I 
liked the story.
        I interrupted Pamela. I asked if she was ever property 
of the "Roissy Society". Her reply was, "No one ever starts at 
the top". The trademark of the "Roissy Society" is that 
everyone has felt the whip. Until you have tasted the pain of 
the lash you can never really enjoy the ecstasy of being the 
whipper. Pamela said that every member of the "Roissy Society" 
has been on the receiving end of the whip. That all the 
Mistresses started at the bottom and worked their way to the 
top. Less then 20% of the members ever become Mistresses and 
each and everyone of them knew how to keep the fantasy of the 
"Roissy Society" alive and well. Pamela stated that without 
having been at the bottom it is imposible to knew how to be a 
good Mistress. I asked Pamela if the "Roissy Society" has had 
so many retirees, how come nobody has tried to cash in on 
disclosing the existence of the "Roissy Society". It would make 
one hell of story on "60 Minutes" and I am sure the media would 
pay greatly for this kind of expose. Pamela explained that the 
"Roissy Society" had thought of that long ago. Each retiree 
whether they be property or a Mistress goes through a week long 
debriefing that includes hypnosis and some psychotropic drugs. 
What is lost to each member is the memory of the specifics such 
as locations and members names. The retirees leave with a 
hypnotic suggested memory of the years they spent in "Roissy 
Society". Even Carolyn if she ran away right now without the 
week long debriefing couldn't lead the authorities to the 
"Roissy Society" locations. Carolyn would have trouble even 
locating me. Secrecy and security are never forgotten by the 
guardians of the "Roissy Society". The "Roissy Society" has had 
less then fifty runaways since its formation and not a single 
runaway has been able to convince anybody that the society exists. 
      The "Roissy Society" requires strict and unabiding 
obedience. Any infractions of the rules are punished quickly 
and severely. Pain is the commodity that insures obedience. 
However the "Roissy Society" does not destroy it members either 
physically or mentally. Nobody has ever been killed or 
disfigured by the Roissy Society's regiment of discipline. The 
discipline is real, the punishment for disobedience is real and 
above all the pain is real, but the actual motivating force 
behind the "Roissy Society" is "SEX". The members of the 
society are having their sexual fantasies fulfilled and are 
being paid handsomely for the opportunity to indulge in the 
wildest dreams. Carolyn was quick to point out that as new 
members embrace the fantasy, as older members decide that they 
had enough and cash in on their earnings. The "Roissy Society" 
never forces a member to stay indefinitely. However its the 
decision of the "Roissy Society" to determine the date of 
retirement from the society. Members are often retired from the 
"Roissy Society" anywhere from three weeks to three months 
after voicing their desire to leave the society, but "Roissy 
Society" never grants retirement immediately upon a member's 
decision to leave. Each member is given ample opportunity to 
weigh their decision before leaving the society. Pamela pointed 
out that at least 25% of the members retire at the instance of 
the "Roissy Society". That when the society senses that a 
member is no longer suited or committed to the fantasy and 
their service to the society they are retired with full benefits.
       I asked Pamela what does all this got to do with me and 
why was I invited to meet with her today. Pamela said that 
recruitment of new members was a full time occupation for every 
Mistress. That every Mistress had an obligation to seek out and 
discover potential members. That without my knowledge she did 
some investigating. I was getting mad. Pamela said she 
understood exactly how I felt and it was a something she had to 
do before she could met with me in person. She pointed out that 
I was correct just how hot the media would be to have this 
story. It was her obligation to protect the "Roissy Society" 
from discovery and she needed to know a little about me. I was 
still steaming when I heard Pamela tell Carolyn to put her hand 
on my crotch and feel my dick. It was flat and I wasn't getting 
any happier. Pamela said that the whole purpose of this meeting 
today was to see if I could be a part of the fantasy that is 
the "Roissy Society". It was my writing of the stories and 
letters that convinced her that I had the potential to be a 
member of the "Roissy Society". Pamela said that the only way 
to tell if this was for me was by starting to live the fantasy 
little by little. The day was still young and the night had not 
even begun. That I should allow myself this once in a lifetime 
opportunity to set my mind free to fantasize that the beautiful 
young lady sitting next to me was my property to use anyway I 
desired. That this young lady's only purpose in life was to 
satisfy my wants and desires. I was still a little angry and I 
was not buying into this "Roissy Society" fantasy, but the 
thought of getting a little piece of ass from the gorgeous 
creature next to me calmed me down and put a smile of my face.
       Pamela could sense that she had calmed me down and now 
she wanted to hook back into the fantasy. Pamela said, "I bet 
you wish you could fuck Carolyn now, you can't do it here, 
where would you like to go". Being a gentleman, I asked for 
suggestions. Pamela said she had a private limousine outside 
and we could take a ride through the park and end up at a 
museum. Pamela was quick to add that you know what happens to 
pretty young women in the back of private limousines and she 
gave me a look that meant only one thing. Pamela was going to 
give Carolyn to me for my sexual use. I liked the idea of the 
ride in the back of the limousine, it was the museum that I 
could do without. I offered that we take the ride to the track 
and bet on the ponies. I saw Carolyn face light up with glee. 
Pamela noticed that too and asked Carolyn about the horse 
races. Carolyn was besides herself with joy. She said she loved 
the races. That her daddy would take her to the track when was 
young. She hadn't been to the horse races in over ten years but 
she would love to go. I could see that Carolyn was getting hot 
and it was rubbing off on me. All of sudden I felt the hand 
again on my lap and this time I was hard. Carolyn gave me a 
very telling smile and took her hand away. Pamela said, "Its 
off to the races". As they say, "I was hot to trot". Pamela 
took the cellular phone from her pocketbook and called for the 
limo. I told Pamela I needed to stop at a cash machine and 
Pamela said she had more then enough cash on hand for the track 
and I was her guest. Pamela said it was her obligation to treat 
me to a good time and she was going to try her hardest to see 
that I enjoyed myself. We stepped out of the bar and the limo 
was waiting. It was a stretch limo with all the amenities. I 
was starting to embrace the fantasy at least for this afternoon.
 



ROISSY SOCIETY
Chapter IB      "The Meeting"
 
     We got into the limo and the atmosphere completely 
changed. The windows were tinted black. No one could see in and 
the passengers couldn't see out either. Once inside the limo, 
the world outside just seemed to have dropped away. There was 
no way a passenger in the back of this limo could tell where 
they were going with the windows closed. I could see how a 
passenger in this limo could be transported from one location 
to another without knowing where these locations were. As I 
entered the limo, I could see a pair handcuffs on the back seat 
and I got worried for a minute. Pamela took the handcuffs and 
motioned for Carolyn to put her arms behind her back, but 
before doing so Carolyn unbuttoned the button on the hem of her 
dress and let her dress unfold to reveal her naked ass cheeks. 
It was then I notice that Carolyn was wearing a sort of 
chastity belt. There was a waist belt and another strap that 
started at the front end of the waist belt, then went through 
Carolyn's loins and ass cheeks and then connected again to the 
waist belt at Carolyn's back. The loin strap appeared to be 
locked upon Carolyn at the back. Pamela quickly attached the 
handcuffs to Carolyn pinning her arms and hands behind her 
back. Carolyn then sat down in the limo between Pamela and me. 
The back seat of the limo was spacious and had a T.V. and a 
bar. I also noticed there were some hooks and chains on the 
floor of the limo. It was clear that a person could be fastened 
to the floor in a number of different positions. Pamela then 
reached for a chain located at the back of the seat and 
attached it to the links of Pamela's handcuffs. Pamela with a 
button located at the side arm rest had this chain pull Carolyn 
down into the seat. Carolyn was now prevented from leaving her 
position in the back of the limo. Pamela reached for the phone 
and ordered the driver to take us to race track.
       As the car started in motion, I noticed a change in 
Pamela. She became very stern looking and all of a sudden 
turned and smacked Carolyn hard across the face. Pamela then 
began to shout at Carolyn that she was a bad girl in the bar 
and needed to be punished. Carolyn started to sob. Pamela began 
to rebuke Carolyn for her behavior while sitting at the bar. 
Pamela asked if Carolyn had any permission to flirt with the 
men at the bar. Carolyn said no and attempted to explain her 
conduct when Pamela smacked her again and this time harder for 
talking without permission. Pamela was mad and I wasn't about 
to interfere. Pamela asked Carolyn if she made any attempt to 
chase those men away and Carolyn nodded no. Pamela asked if 
Carolyn liked the attention of these men and Carolyn nodded 
yes. Pamela then asked, "Carolyn you wanted to fuck those men 
didn't you". Carolyn with tears in her eyes again nodded yes. 
Pamela turned to me and said, "You see she is just a slut and 
needs to be punished for her disobedience". Pamela turned to 
Carolyn and said, "I can't punish you in this limo the way I 
would like, so I'll wait for the proper opportunity, but I am 
going make you squirm a little for me now." Pamela now turned 
back to me and said that Carolyn was ordered not to flirt or 
draw attention to herself and she disobeyed her Mistress orders 
and must now be punished for her misbehavior. Pamela asked if I 
had any suggestions. I couldn't believe my eyes and ears. I 
just sat there silently, but my dick was getting rock hard as I 
imagined the possibilities of Carolyn's punishment. Pamela 
asked, "If the cat got my tongue". I said I was a novice at 
this and deferred to Pamela's expertise. Pamela smiled and said 
we will start slow for my benefit. Pamela then asked if I would 
like to squeeze Carolyn's nipples. I was in shock but I wanted 
to squeeze those tits ever since I first saw them. Pamela told 
me to unsnap the dress top. I didn't need a second invitation. 
In a second my hands went to that big red snap at the back of 
Carolyn's neck. With a minimal of effort the snap came undone 
and dress front fell away exposing two full luxurious globes. 
Not only were these two of the finest tits I ever saw, but the 
nipples were painted red to further excite me. Pamela from a 
draw under the seat removed this container of skin lotion and 
handed it to me. Pamela testily said, "Go ahead and rub those 
tits good. I want them to shine". In a flash I poured some of 
the lotion in my hand and then I quickly began to message her 
breasts. Pamela said, "Not like that"!. I don't want you to 
perform a lover's caress. I want to rub and squeeze them hard 
like you owned them. I want you to make Carolyn squirm in pain 
not moan with pleasure and with that Pamela gave Carolyn a 
vicious pinch on her nipples. Carolyn jumped in her seat, but 
the handcuffs and seat chain made sure she didn't move much. 
Carolyn was about let out a scream but quickly suppressed it. 
Pamela gave another wicked pinch to the other nipple. This time 
Carolyn couldn't hold the scream in and she was loud. Pamela 
then asked, "If I was man enough for this task, because if this 
kid's play was too much for me, then I was not the type of man 
the "Roissy Society" was looking for. I was now mad. I had just 
been insulted and ridiculed by Pamela. How should I react? Do I 
prove my manhood by manhandling those wonderful orbs or do I 
show my masculinity by refusing to participate in the 
punishment of Carolyn. I first consulted my brain which said 
"No Way" and then I consulted my dick which said "Squeeze Them, 
Squeeze Them Hard". My dick won. All my life I have fantasized 
about being in this very position and I wasn't about to blow it 
now. Pamela seemed to soften a little when she suggested I 
might like to get your mouth right on top of Carolyn's mouth to 
absorb her screams and mollify her with my tongue. I liked this 
idea. To show Pamela that I was not cowed by her, I handed her 
back the skin lotion and said "You pour the lotion on and I'll 
make sure to squeeze those tits hard". Pamela smiled and said, 
"You might have potential yet". I locked my mouth to Carolyn's 
lush lips. The minute my mouth touched Carolyn's she had her 
tongue in my throat and moving it in a very provocative manner. 
I said to myself, "She is slut and she needs to be punished". 
The minute I felt the skin lotion hit the skin of the upper 
boob, I was using my hands like vise grips. I never had been so 
rough before and I liked to playing with my lovers breasts 
during sex, but with Carolyn I was free to squeeze without 
concern. The most amazing part was that Carolyn was getting off 
on my treatment of her breasts. The harder I squeezed the more 
Carolyn got excited. She was moving in her seat like she was 
being fucked and her tongue in my mouth got more urgent. I 
might be slow, but I was not stupid. Carolyn was working 
herself into an orgasm and I was providing the means. I only 
read that a person could sublimate pain into pleasure, but I 
never believed it until now. Carolyn was getting pleasure by my 
infliction of pain and I was getting pleasure inflicting the 
pain. All of sudden, I'm on top of Carolyn. My mouth is locked 
up on her mouth and our tongues are dueling. My hands are right 
up on her tits squeezing as hard as I could. Without really 
thinking my fingers began focusing on her nipples. I guess I 
had convinced myself that if I got the skin lotion around the 
nipple and squeezed real hard it really didn't hurt that much. 
Carolyn was no help in displacing that illusion. The harder I 
worked the nipples the more enthusiastic she became. I had lost 
all contact with reality. I was in my own world, when Pamela 
started to unloosen my belt and open my pants. I even helped 
remove my dick from my pants. Suddenly I felt the skin lotion 
flow down my cock. It was cold and I reacted. Pamela seemed to 
laugh at my reaction. I didn't care, I was drifting in the 
clouds. Pamela began to work her hand up and down my cock. This 
hand action by Pamela only excited me into exerting greater 
pressure on Carolyn's nipples. I don't know which one of us 
popped first, but I felt the sperm rush out and splash on 
Carolyn's stomach. Carolyn was purring like a kitten. I could 
tell she had come too. I looked down and I felt strange sitting 
on Carolyn with my dick hanging out of my pants. It was wet and 
shinny. Pamela didn't miss a beat. She used the side button 
again slacken up the chain attached to Carolyn's handcuffs and 
ordered Carolyn to clean my dick with her mouth. In a moment I 
was again sitting on the back seat of the limo, with Carolyn's 
head in my lap cleaning my dick with her tongue. Pamela handed 
me a drink. It was a shot whiskey. I thanked Pamela for the 
drink and her hand. Pamela said, "It was her pleasure". I said, 
"No, it was my pleasure". As I looked down and watched Carolyn 
use her tongue to clean my cock, for a moment I began to think 
that maybe the "Roissy Society" was not just a fantasy. 
         Carolyn was still cleaning my cock with her mouth when 
Pamela ordered her to stop. I was just starting to fell the sex 
juices flow again. Pamela said that in just a little while 
Carolyn would really use her mouth to pleasure me, but right 
now there is still a matter of discipline to be taken care of. 
Pamela remanded me that I had alertly noticed that Carolyn 
failed to bare her ass to the leather of the bar's booth and 
she was told that she would be punished for that omission. It 
was now punishment time for that misbehavior. Pamela said that 
normally the least severe punishment allotted for failure to 
follow the rules was a good paddling, but in light of the 
mitigating circumstances surrounding Carolyn's failure to 
follow the rules, Carolyn's punishment would only be a sound 
spanking. Pamela then said, "You did such a good job punishing 
her nipples, I can't wait to see you perform on her ass. Do you 
have any problem performing again". In fact I had no problem at 
all. Given the way Carolyn responded to my manipulation of her 
nipples, I couldn't wait to feel her response to a good ass 
spanking. Pamela unhooked the seat chain from Carolyn's 
handcuffs. Pamela now produced a wide collar and placed it on 
Carolyn's neck. Pamela then took a small chain from draw under 
the seat and attached it to the ring on the back of Carolyn's 
collar. Pamela then took Carolyn's handcuffed wrists and pulled 
them up until it met the small chain lying on her back. Pamela 
locked this chain to the links of the handcuffs. Thus Carolyn's 
hand were prevented from reaching down to protect her ass 
during the punishment. Pamela then positioned Carolyn so that 
her naked ass was lying across my lap with her head close to 
the limo's floor. I then noticed that the chastity belt 
appeared to have a dildo attached at the rear. I asked Pamela 
if there was a dildo inside Carolyn's ass. Pamela matter of 
factly stated that this particular loin strap had two nice 
sized dildo's built into it. That Carolyn had a dildo in her 
ass and cunt. The dildos had two purposes. The first purpose 
was to keep Carolyn in a sexually excited state throughout the 
day and the second purpose was to remind Carolyn that her 
Mistress always had control of her body whether at home or in 
public. Carolyn was Pamela's property to be controlled at all 
times and in all places. Pamela asked sarcastically if I needed 
a demonstration like before or was I ready to proceed with the 
spanking. I assured Pamela that I needed no demonstration as I 
slammed my hand down on Carolyn's ass. It sounded great and the 
smack even hurt my hand. Carolyn head shot up but she held back 
her scream as in defiance. However, the nice red splotch on her 
white ass cheek indicated it was a very healthy slap. It didn't 
seem to impress Pamela at all. Pamela only reply was, "Make 
sure you turn that whole ass red. Lets see if you get her to 
wriggle and do a little dance in your lap". I then brought 
smack number two down on the other ass cheek. Carolyn's head 
once again reared up and again she suppressed a vocal response. 
I could see that Carolyn was defying me to make her scream. I 
was not about to let this slut make me look weak. I brought 
down smack number three with renewed force and Carolyn just 
barely managed to contain her cries. I could tell that it was 
only a matter of time before I had Carolyn singing like bird. 
Number four smack was followed quickly by number five and 
Carolyn was starting to breath hard. Number six slap caught the 
summit of her ass cheeks and I saw Carolyn bite her lip to 
smother the cry. I noticed just how nicely her ass was turning 
red and with each stroke she beginning to wriggle quite 
actively in my lap. I was determined to make her scream out 
before the tenth slap. I delivered the seventh smack with all 
my might and Carolyn this time let a small yelp escape. I now 
had her on the run. When the palm of my hand made contact with 
Carolyn's ass cheek I knew this eighth smack had to hurt and 
sure enough Carolyn let out a yell but quickly shut up. I was 
going to break her with the next smack. I aimed for the area 
that appeared the reddest and I made solid contact. Carolyn 
could not suppress this scream and let it fly. I had won the 
battle of wills with Carolyn and I was about to press my 
victory. Within the next minute I rained down three more good 
wallops and Carolyn was holding back no longer. I had her 
bellowing her lungs out in full force. At this point, Pamela 
produced a gag. It looked like a short stubby cock. Pamela 
leaned over a shoved the gag into Carolyn's mouth. Carolyn's 
mouth was now stuffed with this gag. It didn't really shut her 
up, but it certainty lowered the decibel level in the back of 
the limo. I had stopped for a minute to allow Pamela to insert 
the gag in Carolyn's mouth. Pamela after gagging Carolyn 
reached into my pants to feel my cock. It was not hard yet. 
Pamela said she wanted me to make Carolyn wriggle and dance in 
my lap with the kind of movement to make my dick hard again. 
That I only just begun. The normal spanking usually was at 
least fifty good smacks. I didn't knew if my hands would 
survive fifty slaps, but I was going to find out. I started to 
smack Carolyn in a rhythm. Carolyn's ass was red all over and 
in some spots it appeared that some small blood vessels had 
broken under the skin. Carolyn had long ago stop fighting her 
need to scream and she was mewing away in her gag. I could see 
that the rhythm of hand had begun to inspire Carolyn to move 
her ass in its own rhythm. Slowly but surely Carolyn was 
wriggling my prick into hardness. Pamela watched intently as I 
made Carolyn squirm and shout into her gag. I lost count of the 
number of smacks. After a while my only concern was getting 
hard again. As the feeling left my hands from smacking 
Carolyn's ass cheeks, the feeling in my dick started to emerge. 
I saw that some of the former red splotches on Carolyn's ass 
were turning purple and raised. I could sense that Carolyn was 
feeling the pain deep in her body as the whining into her gag 
became higher pitched and the movements of her ass more 
pronounced. I was getting hot real fast and started to moan in 
pleasure. At this moment, Pamela threw Carolyn off my lap, 
yanked the gag out her mouth and got my dick deep into 
Carolyn's mouth. Carolyn started to work on my dick like a 
child works a favorite lollipop. Suddenly Pamela moved right 
next to me and grabbed my hands. Before I knew it, I had one 
hand inside Pamela's bra squeezing the tit, while my mouth was 
sucking on her nipple. In addition my other hand was under her 
dress and panties fingering her cunt. Pamela had coated her 
nipples with some kind of sticky candy or what at least tasted 
like candy, but the effect was electric. In a minute my head 
felt cloudy and my dick felt like an iron rod. It felt like 
time had frozen and I never wanted it to start again. I don't 
know how long I was in this state of suspended animation, but 
it felt good. It took the sensation of the sperm filling 
Carolyn's mouth to come back to reality and at this point 
Pamela was also exploding with pleasure. Pamela grabbed my head 
and locked her mouth onto mine and sucked in my breath. I knew 
I must have experienced a more satisfying orgasm some other 
time, but I couldn't remember anyone like this explosion. It 
felt that I had come in Carolyn's mouth for over a minute and 
could see the excess sperm dripping down Carolyn's mouth 
although Carolyn managed to swallow the great bulk of my come. 
Pamela was going through multiple orgasms. We could have 
continued forever when the chauffeur announced on the speaker 
that we were entering the parking lot. For a long moment I 
truly hated having to stop. I only wanted to continue this 
activity indefinitely. If this was the fantasy world the 
"Roissy Society" was offering I could see how one could be 
seduced into joining.
        Suddenly Pamela was moving to straighten her clothes. 
For a second Pamela seemed a little flustered but that quickly 
wore off. As the limo came to a stop, Pamela had Carolyn 
position over lap again. Pamela was unscrewing a cap on the 
back of the loin strap. When the cap was unscrewed, Pamela 
removed this long thin rod from the strap. Pamela called it a 
push rod. Pamela produced a plastic container that appeared to 
contain several oblong suppositories. Pamela took out one of 
these suppositories and placed inside the hollow core of the 
rear dildo. Pamela instructed me to hold Carolyn real tight in 
my lap when she inserted the suppository deep into Carolyn's 
rectum. Pamela said that Carolyn was about buck like a rodeo 
horse in a second and I needed all strength to keep her on my 
lap. Sure enough the moment Pamela rammed the suppository up 
Carolyn's ass with the push rod, Carolyn started to scream and 
flop about like her ass was on fire. Little did I know that was 
exactly the way Carolyn felt at the moment. I had to hang on 
for a good five minutes before Carolyn calmed down. Pamela then 
unlocked Carolyn handcuffs and ordered her to fix her dress. 
With very shaky hands and teary eyes Carolyn just managed to 
get the snap to close at the back of her neck and fasten the 
button at the hem of the dress along with the snaps. Carolyn 
then attempted to sit down, but the minute her ass touched the 
seat cushion she jumped off the seat like she had just been 
shocked by electricity. Pamela smiled and said, "I could be 
proud of the spanking I just administered to Carolyn". Pamela 
just kept up nonchalantly applying her make up and getting 
ready to exit the limo. All along Carolyn was on her hands and 
knees quietly sobbing away. I asked Pamela what was in that 
suppository to make Carolyn react so violently. Pamela called 
the suppository a "figg" and said it was used in England to 
make show horses keep their tail in the air during their 
display. Pamela said that the "figg" was made from ginger and 
this particular "figg" was laced with an aphrodisiac that would 
take effect slowly as the pain subsided. Pamela said that 
within an hour the fire in Carolyn's ass would have abated, but 
the desire to have sex would become overwhelming. In two hours 
Carolyn would be willing to fuck all the horses in the stables 
to ease the desire building in her cunt. It was the perfect 
punishment for Carolyn's unauthorized flirting with the men at 
the bar. Slowly Carolyn pulled herself together. With Pamela's 
help, Carolyn got on some make up and was ready to face the 
world again. We then existed the limo and headed for the 
grandstand to watch the races. I watched as Carolyn walked hand 
in hand with Pamela. Carolyn's ass swung wildly from side to 
side. She became an attraction to every man as she walked past 
them. I think that every man who saw Carolyn walk by wanted to 
fuck her and the way Carolyn was about to feel, she would have 
taken them all on to relieve the itch building in her loins. 
Even at the horse races the "Roissy Society" discipline regimen 
was in force. It would be a very interesting day at the races 
for all of us.
 



ROISSY SOCIETY
Chapter 2A      "The Club"
 
         We were at the ticket booth. Pamela asked if we should 
get tickets to the clubhouse or general admission. I told 
Pamela that I like to stand  by the rail near the finish line, 
but if she preferred we could watch the races from the seats in 
the Clubhouse. Pamela gave Caroyln just a little slap on the 
ass and she jumped. Pamela smiled and said she didn't think 
that Carolyn wanted to sit right now. It was settled, we would 
stand at the rail. By time we got to the track it was fourth 
race. We had already missed the first daily double. Pamela 
asked how to bet. I said that for beginners the best bet is to 
play chalk. That is bet the favorites. We got one of those tout 
sheets that predicted the best horses in each race and made our 
picks from there. I wanted Pamela to win fast, so without 
caring about the actual payoff, I played the three favorites to 
place. Pamela sent me with Carolyn to the betting window. Just 
before heading off, Pamela jokingly said, "Don't lose her". I 
asked what if she should decide to runaway? Pamela quickly said 
"I'd owe her $105,000.00 and she would take payment in personal 
services" . With that thought in mind we headed off to the 
betting windows. I guess the aphrodisiac was starting to take 
effect because half way to the betting windows Carolyn started 
to breath hard. By the time we reached the betting line Carolyn 
was in the throes of an orgasm. The combination of the "figg" 
and the dildos would make sure that Carolyn would experience a 
number of explosions before the afternoon was over. Standing on 
line, I watched Carolyn closely. She appeared to be thrilled 
just to be at the track again. I asked if she was mad at me for 
punishing her in the limo and her reaction was planting a big 
wet kiss on my lips. Carolyn said, "That she was having a great 
time with me". That she loved the way I handled her in the limo 
and I needed only to concentrate on enjoying myself. Carolyn 
said she needed to punished for her misbehavior at the bar and 
I gave her exactly what she deserved. We bought the tickets and 
headed back to the rail. Sure enough Carolyn popped again on 
the way back. Within a minute the horses were at the starting 
gate. In the stretch we had the two lead horses and easily won 
our place bet. It paid a whopping $2.60 but Pamela was thrilled 
that we won. This time I told Pamela to take Carolyn to cash in 
the winning ticket. When Pamela returned I saw a red faced 
Carolyn. Pamela said the slut creamed at least three times and 
on the last orgasm Carolyn moaned loud enough to attract 
attention of several men. Pamela smiled and said, "You can't 
take a slut out in public without her embarrassing you".
       The afternoon was going great. We had won some of races 
and lost some races, but we were ahead. In seventh race, we 
wheeled the quinella. We bet the prohibitive favorite in 
combination with every other horse in the race. If the favorite 
finished first or second we would win. At the stretch, our 
favorite was locked into a neck and neck battle with the long 
shot. The jockeys' began to whip their horses on their flanks. 
Pamela literally began jumping with joy. She loved the way the 
jockeys were handling their horses. As the horses drew closer 
to the finish you could hear the crowd react. The bettors at 
the rail were jumping and screaming and so was Carolyn, except 
Carolyn had moved against my hip and was rubbing herself into a 
wild orgasm. We had won and quinella and it paid a handsome 
$84.50. I said lets skip betting on the eighth race and use all 
our money on the triple in the ninth race. We decided that each 
one of us would pick a horse. I picked the number one horse. 
Pamela liked the number six horse. Carolyn couldn't resist 
taking the number nine horse. Pamela just rolled her eyes and 
said, "What do expect from a slut". This time I sent Pamela 
alone to the betting windows and stayed with Carolyn. That 
might have been a mistake. Carolyn was hot. She began to rub 
against me and whispering the most erotic suggestions in my 
ear. She wanted me to beat her ass and fuck her with all my 
might. If we had been alone, I would been on top of her like 
flies on horse manure. I was starting to get embarrassed, but 
Carolyn acted like there was no watching. Finally I had to pull 
her off of me and threaten to tell Pamela if she didn't cease. 
Carolyn reluctantly backed off and it was a good move. If she 
had continued I would have come in my pants in front of all 
these bettors. Pamela returned with one ticket. She bet $100.00 
on 169. I almost died. I told Pamela she was supposed to box 
the triple. Bet all three combinations so it didn't matter in 
what order our three horses finished, as long as they all three 
finished in the money. Pamela asked how Carolyn behaved. I 
didn't answer. Pamela knew and said Carolyn would be soundly 
punished for her vulgar displays at the track this afternoon. 
The ninth race was about to start. We were standing at the rail 
by the finish line when the horses took off out of the starting 
gate. In the backstretch the leaders were six and nine. You 
could hear the bettors calling out "sixty-nine". Our one horse 
was in fourth but starting to make its move. Around the turn 
and into the head of the stretch six and nine were leading the 
pack and pulling away. At that point I saw the jockey use his 
whip on the number one horse. Pamela must have been watching 
also because she began at once to shout at the top of her 
lungs, "Whip that horse, Use the Whip, Make the Horse Feel the 
Whip". Pamela was obvious enjoying watching the jockey beat his 
horse. In a minute all three jockeys had gone to the whip to 
encourage their steeds to victory. Pamela continued to extort 
the jockeys to wield their crops. I heard a man next to me say, 
"Wild Lady" pointing at Pamela. Pamela was lost in the 
excitement. She was in the seventh heaven. It was a great 
stretch run and at the wire the number one finished first. We 
had won the triple. In the excitement Carolyn had been rubbing 
against me again and brought herself off to two more orgasms. I 
was in shock. The triple paid $243.00 for each $2.00 bet. Our 
winning ticket was worth more then $1,200.00. We went to the 
window and collected our winnings. Pamela took all the money 
and put in my pants pocket and thanked me for a wonderful 
afternoon. She then turned a gave me a particular arousing 
kiss. Pamela asked if I had enjoyed the afternoon too. I said 
it was one of the greatest afternoons I ever had. Pamela said, 
"If you think this afternoon was great, just wait to see what 
awaits you tonight at the club". Pamela again used her cellular 
phone to summon the limousine. It was waiting for us at the VIP 
entrance. At this point I was overwhelmed with excitement. I 
was having the time of my life. I couldn't even fantasize a 
better scenario. I was with two beautiful women who seemed bent 
on meeting all my desires. If this was "Roissy Society" idea of 
fantasy, I wanted to enlist at least at this moment.
         We got into the limousine and Pamela ordered the 
driver to take us to the club. You could see that Pamela's mood 
had changed again. She turned to Carolyn and began to scream at 
her for behavior at the race track. Pamela asked if Carolyn had 
suggested to me the way she wanted to be treated in the limo. I 
candidly replied, "She wanted me to whip on the ass and fuck 
her" Pamela just laughed and said, "So the slut wants to have 
fun, she's not going get her way. Anyway I want you to conserve 
all your energy for the club". Pamela reached down and got the 
plastic container with the "figgs" again. You could see Carolyn 
become very nervous. Pamela said that she was going to insert 
two "figgs" up her ass and chain her down on the floor of the 
limo so she could stew in her own juices until we got to the 
club. Pamela said that with three figs up her ass, Carolyn 
would be the horniest bitch in the club. Pamela got Carolyn to 
lay over my lap again. Pamela said this time after she inserts 
the "figgs" up her ass, throw her down on the floor and hold 
Carolyn still while she chained her down. Pamela remained me 
again to hold on tight to Carolyn as she rammed the "figgs" up 
her ass. Then with little ado, Pamela took out a "figg" placed 
it in the hollow core of the ass dildo and shoved it in. It 
took all my might to hold Carolyn steady while Pamela inserted 
the second "figg" and rammed it home. By this time Carolyn was 
struggling and screaming like a madwomen. I throw her down on 
her back and she flopped around on the floor on the limo like a 
fish out of water. I jumped on her to hold her down for Pamela 
to attach the various chains. It took about five minutes, but 
Carolyn was finally secured on her back across the floor of the 
limo. She was chained by her hands and feet and with a chain 
across her belly. Carolyn could not move. Carolyn was still 
moaning loudly when Pamela again shoved the gag in her mouth. 
Pamela then exposed Carolyn's breasts and loins. Pamela 
positioned my shoes over Carolyn's naked tits, while she put 
her heel on top of the loin strap going through Carolyn's 
pubes. Pamela said in a couple of minutes the fire in Carolyn's 
ass would subside, but the need to satisfy her sexual desires 
would become dreadfully urgent and there was not a thing 
Carolyn could do to satisfy her need for sexual attention. 
Pamela seemed quite proud of the position she had placed 
Carolyn in. It was going to be a long frustrating ride for 
Carolyn. It would seem like an eternity to Carolyn before we 
got to the club. At that point, I noticed the ring on Pamela's 
finger. It was unique. It was big and gold. In the center was a 
nicely engraved "R" obviously standing for "Roissy Society" but 
the most interesting feature was the round ridge at came up 
from the base of the ring. This round ridge looked exactly like 
a round key. Pamela confirmed that the ring was in fact a key. 
That only the Mistresses were allowed to possess this type of 
ring. It was one of the important and treasured possessions of 
a Mistress. The ring was the only identification recognized the 
"Roissy Society". That although this ring looked simple it was 
also highly sophisticated security device. Inside the center of 
the ring was a computer microchip built into the base of the 
ring for the purpose of making an electrical connection with 
the lock. That for any lock to a "Roissy Society" facility to 
be released, the ridges on the ring must make proper contact 
with the slot and that the computer microchip must signal to 
the lock the correct formula. The "Roissy Society" reprograms 
all the locks and the computer microchips in the rings twice a 
year and often three times during the year to insure security 
of the society. I asked if only the Mistresses were given 
identification rings by the "Roissy Society". Pamela said 
absolutely not. Every member of the "Roissy Society" has a ring 
for identification. The rings for the non-Mistresses were 
exactly the same except their rings instead of having the round 
ridge had a round slot cut into the base where the ridge would 
enter. These rings too had a computer microchip built into the 
ring and was subject to reprogramming. Thus every member the 
"Roissy Society" was identified, accounted for and secured by 
the computer microchip. In a emergency the "Roissy Society" 
could instantously change the formula to every lock so that 
only those Mistresses with the proper reprogrammed microchip 
could gain access. Pamela showed me Carolyn's ring. It was 
exactly the same as Pamela's except that instead of a raised 
ridge protruding from the base, it had a round slot cut into 
the base. On Carolyn's ring it was easy to see the small dots 
where the computer microchip made contact. I was increasing 
getting the feeling that this fairy tale of the "Roissy 
Society" might yet be true.  
       If Carolyn was getting hot, so was I and Pamela sensed 
it as she took out my dick from pants and began to caress it. 
Pamela said that the "Roissy Society" maintained two clubs in 
this area. The club we were going to was the smaller. Pamela 
said it was "guest" night at the club so it would more subdued 
then normal. There would be about twenty to thirty Mistresses 
present and over one hundred sluts. I asked how many men and 
Pamela said about fifteen to twenty. That the club itself was 
private and a secret. The club looked like a warehouse and was 
located in a commercial neighborhood which was deserted at 
night. We would enter the building through an underground 
garage. At no time would we be exposed in public. Before 
entering the club, we would have put on party masks. All the 
Mistresses and the Guests would wear masks, but it was optional 
for the sluts. I asked why Pamela constantly called Carolyn a 
"slut" and not a "slave". Pamela explained that slaves are held 
without their consent for the economic and sexual benefit of 
their owner. Although Carolyn was not free to leave and act as 
she wanted, she was bond to the "Roissy Society" by her own 
wishes. In actuality the property or sluts of the "Roissy 
Society" were prisoners of the own desires. That tonight at the 
club you see how the sluts behave when allowed to act out their 
fantasies. The driving force that kept the sluts committed to 
the "Roissy Society" was the ability to have their wildest 
sexual desires fulfilled. For that privilege the sluts were 
willing to give up all their individual rights and privacy to 
be the property of the "Roissy Society". The money they earned 
was the sugar which made the medicine go down. Pamela asked if 
I had ever been to a S & M club before. I said I went once to 
this place in the city. It was in a basement. It was cold and 
damp. There must have been fifty guys and five women. All the 
women wanted to do was to beat the shit out of the men and 
above all there was "No Sex". It was a complete let down from 
what I had imagined. Pamela laughed and said that this club was 
the complete opposite. The women greatly outnumbered the men 
and the vast majority desired to be used by the males, and as 
for "SEX", the club was one big orgy. The Mistresses bring 
their sluts to club to be screwed by other Mistresses, or the 
"Valets" which are what the men are called by the "Roissy 
Society", or by other sluts. In fact it was the sluts cavorting 
with each other that make up most the sexual activity taking 
place in the club. The club is where the Mistresses allow their 
sluts to let it all hang out. Allowing a slut to come to the 
club is a reward for good behavior. There is of course the 
opposite. A Mistress would bring her slut to the club to be 
punished like Carolyn was about to find out. The club offers a 
semi-public atmosphere in which a Mistress can whip and punish 
her slut to the delight and encouragement of those present. The 
Mistresses find that the public punishment at the club lent a 
good deal of excitement to the Mistress and increased shame and 
pain to the slut. The club was one of the institutions that 
kept the "Roissy Society" alive and well. That tonight I would 
experience scenes I could only have dreamed of but never really 
imagined to be true. Pamela and I just cuddled together. Pamela 
kept stroking my cock not to make me come but to keep me 
excited. The limo trip from the track to the club was the calm 
before the storm. As I sat next to Pamela, I just let my mind 
wander and imagine what laid ahead, but even my wildest 
imagination could not prepare me for the club and the inner 
workings of the "Roissy Society".
        The chauffeur announced that we were pulling up to the 
entrance of the club and I felt the limo go down a ramp, but I 
had no idea where we were. Pamela took this hood out and put it 
over Carolyn's head. It was a full hood that covered Carolyn's 
head and ended at her neck. There was a cut out for Carolyn's 
mouth and ears. Carolyn could not see but she could hear and 
use her mouth. To secure the hood, Pamela attached the collar 
and locked it on Carolyn's neck. Across the top of the hood it 
was stenciled, "Property of Mistress Pamela". Carolyn had been 
moaning throughout the whole trip. You could tell Carolyn was 
in pain from the unfulfilled sexual desires in her loins. 
Occasionally Pamela would press her heel into Carolyn's crotch 
strap and make me press the bottom of my shoes into Carolyn's 
tits. These actions only caused Carolyn to moan louder and 
attempt to wriggle in her chains to relieve the incredible 
sexual itch she was feeling. Nothing helped as Carolyn was 
paying the price for her misbehavior at the bar and at the 
track. The limo finally stopped. Pamela told me she wanted me 
to help turn Carolyn over on her stomach while attached the 
handcuffs and leg shackles. In a minute we had Carolyn prepared 
and were ready to exit the limo again. When we got out, we were 
in a small underground parking garage. There were at least a 
dozen other limousines parked there. We quickly headed for the 
elevator. Carolyn struggled to keep up, but the leg shackles 
forced her to take only small steps as Pamela led her forward 
by the a leash attached to Carolyn's collar. I pulled Carolyn 
by the arm. When we got to the elevator, there was no button 
only some kind of round lock. I saw Pamela use her ring to call 
for the elevator. The when the elevator came, we got in and 
Pamela again used her ring key to make the elevator raise to a 
floor. When the elevator door opened, I looked out at the scene 
before me and I felt like Dorothy when see stepped out of the 
farm house and saw OZ for the first time. I had dreamed of 
these places but the club appeared to better then those dreams.
       Pamela quickly led Carolyn out by her leash. I stepped 
more slowly in disbelief, just trying to soak in the scene 
before me. The club was huge and separated into distinct rooms. 
I could hear loud music coming from the back room. The club not 
was packed but nicely populated. Everywhere you looked, there 
were gorgeous young ladies in some very sexy outfits. It was 
easy to tell the Mistresses from the sluts. The Mistresses wore 
party masks. The sluts were either dressed in a hood or open 
faced. The sluts were dressed like whores. The Mistresses wore 
conservative attire. I noticed that their was very little 
leather outfits on display by the Mistresses. Pamela said that 
most Mistresses won't wear their leathers unless needed for the 
occasion like a punishment. That further it was "guest" night 
so that the Mistresses were less inclined to reveal themselves. 
Pamela added that below this floor was the dungeon or 
punishment rooms and on that floor the Mistresses were dressed 
in their full leather regalia. My eyes lit up at the mention of 
the "dungeon", but Pamela quickly doused those fires when she 
said, "Only members of the "Roissy Society" can get access to 
that floor. I scanned the scene quickly for other men and yes 
they were there. The presence of the men at the club was 
apparent but limited. As Pamela had said the amount of men in 
the club were about 15% to 20% of the total people present. 
Women made up the vast majority of those present in the club. 
What surprised me about the men was that they were  dressed 
more or less the same. The men wore no top and had no need to. 
These men obviously worked out and their upper body muscles 
looked good. The only garment the men wore was a pair of tight 
leather pants with the crotch cut out that exposed their dicks 
in a condum like casing. Pamela called them penis pants. They 
very much showed off the male attribute of the wearer and made 
it easy to fondle. In fact pants of most of the men showed 
their cocks to standing at attention. I noticed an odd feature 
on the back of these pants. There was a small hole cutout in 
the back of the pants so that a finger could be inserted 
through the pants and into the ass cheeks. I couldn't help but 
notice was that the men were literally surrounded by the young 
ladies or more correctly "sluts". In just a quick scanning of 
the club, I saw that the sluts were making themselves fully 
available to the men. I could see that the men were not shy 
whatsoever about feeling up the physical attributes of the 
sluts. I noticed at least one slut sucking the dick of the man 
standing before her. Pamela was right, this club looked like 
one big orgy. Everywhere I turned I saw the Sluts, the 
Mistresses and the Valets cavorting. Their were fingers and 
dicks inside many a pussy and it appeared that everyone was 
enjoying themselves. Sluts were kissing and fondling each other 
with abandon. My dick was instantly hard. I wanted to join in 
the festivities right now. They were several sluts I wanted to 
fuck immediately. I was like a kid in candy store with 
one-hundred dollar bill in his hand and I was going to spend every last cent. 
 



ROISSY SOCIETY
Chapter 2B      "The Club"
 
           Before I could make a move, Pamela had me by the 
shirt. She turned to me and said, "Keep your dick in your pants 
for a minute. I promise you more pussy then you could use in 
month. First there is the matter of completing Carolyn's 
punishment. You ever fuck a women up the ass before". I looked 
at Pamela with astonishment. Pamela just continued to say, 
"Your gonna fuck Carolyn up the ass while standing at the bar 
for everyone to see, but first you have warm her up by paddling 
her ass until its bright red". Before I could even breathe, 
Pamela was dragging Carolyn and me into the bar area of the 
club. The bar area looked pretty much the same as any high 
class bar. It had a curved wood and leather bar about 
twenty-five feet long and had booths for those wanting to sit 
down. There were several people standing at the bar and sitting 
in the booths. I could see that several of the women were 
getting very intimately acquainted with each other. I saw that 
there was a man and women in the act at the bar and nobody was 
paying them any attention. Behind the bar were three women and 
a man. The women wore a gold lame body suits that had three 
strategic cutouts revealing their tits, loins and ass. That 
over the gold lame body suit each barmaid wore a corset that 
ended just below the breasts and just above the pubes. The 
corset certainly constricted their waists, but it also pushed 
out and supported their tits. Each tit was painted with the red 
sticky stuff that Pamela had on her nipples. From the corset 
ran a thin gold chain through the cunt and ass connecting in 
the back. Upon closer inspection, the thin gold chain held in 
two large dildos in the barmaids cunt and ass. The man behind 
the bar was dressed in a business suit. I asked who he was and 
Pamela said he was the assistant manager of the club. She then 
called him over to greet me. We shook hands and he said that he 
knew this was my first time at the club and he wanted make sure 
I had a good time. He was quite pleasant and sincere. Pamela 
then interjected that she wanted me to publicly punish her slut 
at the bar. Pamela unlocked the handcuffs from Carolyn's wrists 
and handed her leash to the man. The Asst. Manager quickly took 
Carolyn by her leash and arranged a spot near the center of the 
bar. Pamela motioned for me to fellow the Asst. Manager and 
help him with Carolyn. I walked to the place at the bar where 
Carolyn was dragged. The Asst. Manager grabbed one of Carolyn's 
wrists and signaled for me to do the same. The Asst. Manager 
then positioned Carolyn's wrist so it was at the inside edge of 
the bar and I followed suit. Quickly a barmaid chained 
Carolyn's wrists to the inside of the bar. Thus Carolyn was now 
secured by her wrists leaning over the bar. At this point, the 
Asst. Manager went behind the bar, got on the microphone and 
made an announcement. The Asst. Manager announced to the whole 
club, "That Slut Carolyn was about to be punished publicly at 
the bar by a guest and everyone was free to watch and lend 
their support. In a minute or two a nice size crowd had amassed 
in the bar area to witness the punishment of Carolyn. I noticed 
that there were several men in the crowd. Pamela was right next 
to me at this time. She first removed Carolyn's collar and 
pulled off her hood so everyone in the bar area could get to 
see Carolyn's face. Pamela began to address the audience. First 
she introduced me as her guest and that I should be shown every 
courtesy of the "Roissy Society". Pamela further announced that 
her slut had disobeyed her orders by flirting with several men 
at a public bar. That as her punishment Carolyn would be 
striped naked, prepared and beaten with a paddle by her guest. 
Afterwards the guest would fuck Carolyn up the ass. Once her 
guest had finished with the slut, everyone was invited to flirt 
with and use Carolyn as they wished. Carolyn began to beg not 
to be made available to everyone. Pamela shouted at Carolyn 
that if was not fucked by at least a dozen men before the night 
was over, Pamela would continue her punishment in the dungeon. 
That Carolyn was to ask every man who approached her to fuck 
her up the ass after warming her up with the paddle. Pamela 
said the barmaids would watching and listening to make sure 
Carolyn followed her Mistress' instructions. If Carolyn failed 
to obey, not only would receive a severe whipping in the 
dungeon, she would be chained to the bar for a week to be 
fucked every night by the patrons of the bar. Carolyn started 
to sob but she quickly shut up. Carolyn knew that Pamela was 
serious about her threats and wasn't going to antagonize her anymore. 
           Pamela then told me to strip Carolyn and do it 
slowly for the amusement of the audience. I moved behind 
Carolyn and unsnapped that big red snap. The dress front just 
fell away to reveal her tits. I then took the opportunity to 
give the exposed tits and good hard squeeze. When Carolyn let 
out a small scream, I heard a murmur of approval from the 
crowd. I liked playing this room. I then exposed her ass. I was 
little confused about what to do next, when I heard Pamela 
instruct me just to pull the dress down and off Carolyn's legs. 
Without any resistance from Carolyn I was able to get the dress 
off of her. Carolyn was now naked except for her corset and 
slut strap. I noticed that the slut strap was locked to the 
back of Carolyn's corset and needed a round key to unlock it. 
The only one who could remove Carolyn's slut strap was a holder 
of the "Roissy Society's" Mistress key. Once the loin strap was 
locked around a slut's pubes there was no way it would come off 
until the Mistress decided to remove it. Pamela stepped in and 
unlocked the slut strap and told me to pull the dildos out. I 
took hold of the top of the slut strap and began to yank on it. 
The dildo lodged in Carolyn's ass was not coming out. I was in 
a little panic. With all these people watching me I didn't want 
to look like a fool. I quickly got my hand around the base of 
the ass dildo and gave it a strong jerk. The ass dildo came out 
and it was large. I couldn't imagine how it was inserted into 
Carolyn's ass in the first place. The dildo up Carolyn's cunt 
proved no problem as it came out with almost no effort. The 
cunt dildo didn't lack in size either. I couldn't imagine how 
Carolyn could walk around all day with those two monsters in 
her cunt and ass. I could see why Carolyn couldn't stop from 
coming when she walked around at the track. I unhooked the slut 
strap from the front of the corset and gave it to Pamela. Both 
dildos were covered with bodily fluids. The ass dildo clearly 
showed that Carolyn had tried to excrete during the afternoon. 
Pamela examined the dildos and ordered Carolyn to clean these 
dildos off with her mouth. When Carolyn shook her head no, 
Pamela exploded. She grabbed Carolyn by the hair, yanked her 
head back and tried to shove the ass dildo down Carolyn's 
throat. Carolyn had locked her mouth shut and was determined 
not let the shit coated dildo into her mouth. Pamela was 
getting crazed when the Asst. Manager stepped forward with this 
device called a mouth enforcer. It looked like big red round 
"O" attached to two black leather straps. The center was empty. 
The circumference of the "O" was made out of metal and had 
nasty little spikes coming out of the rim. It was clear that 
this device was meant to be inserted between Carolyn's teeth 
and strapped behind her neck. The rim protruded a good two 
inches into Carolyn's mouth and the spikes could cause pain to 
Carolyn's tongue. Pamela grabbed one of Carolyn's nipples and 
told me to take the other. That on her signal I was to pinch 
the nipple as hard as I could. Pamela was going to make Carolyn 
open her mouth by causing her to scream in pain. On Pamela's 
signal I pinched Carolyn's nipple with all my might. I could 
see that Pamela had dug her nail into poor Carolyn's nipple 
meat. Carolyn had no chance, she bellowed out a roar that was 
heard over the loud music in the back room. The Asst. Manager 
didn't miss the opportunity and shoved the mouth enforcer in 
Carolyn's mouth and quickly buckled the straps at the back of 
her neck. Carolyn mouth was now stretched wide open. There 
nothing Carolyn could do to prevent those dirty dildos from 
being pushed into her mouth. The design of the mouth enforcer 
was such that as along as Caroline kept her tongue inside the 
protruding rim she was safe from those nasty tiny spikes. 
However if Carolyn allowed her tongue to stray to the underside 
of the rim, her would feel the sting from those spikes. The 
problem confronting Carolyn was either to keep her tongue on 
the inside of the rim and avoid the nasty like spikes but have 
the tongue come in contact with anything inserted through the 
mouth enforcer's center like the shit coated dildo or take the 
tongue out of the center of the mouth enforcer to avoid tasting 
the ass dildo but have the tongue caught on those nasty little 
spikes. Either way Carolyn was going to pay the price for her disobedience. 
        Pamela then handed the slut strap to one of the 
barmaids and ordered her to make sure Carolyn cleaned every 
inch of those two dildos  starting with the ass dildo first. 
Pamela in a very nasty mood announced that while the barmaid 
was busy using Carolyn's mouth to clean the two dildo as added 
punishment for Carolyn's refusal to voluntarily use her mouth 
to clean the dildos, Carolyn will have a quart of hot oil shot 
up her ass and be made to expel it before the audience. I heard 
several of the observers voice their approval. I heard one 
Mistress say, "Let the slut knew whose boss." Upon hearing this 
Carolyn started wail and shake her head from side to side. 
Pamela then placed the collar on Carolyn's neck again. The 
Asst. Manager took two chains and attached it to two rings on 
the side of Carolyn's collar. He then attached the two free 
ends of the chain to hooks inside the bar and thus preventing 
Carolyn from moving her head from side to side. Pamela motioned 
for me to attach Carolyn's legs to prevent her from kicking 
during the preparation and punishment. I bent and noticed that 
there was a brass bar coming out the front board of the bar 
about five inches from the ground. This brass bar looked the 
same as any found in almost every tavern, except this brass bar 
had leg shackles attached to it every three feet. With the help 
of Pamela, I was able to spread Carolyn's legs and attach them 
to the leg shackles attached to the brass bar. Carolyn legs 
were now stretched apart and she would be unable to close them. 
By the time Carolyn's legs were secured, the items for 
inserting the hot oil up Carolyn's ass had arrived. The first 
item was your average sterno stove. The second item looked like 
a chemical laboratory beaker. The third item was a thermometer. 
The fourth item was a big brass syringe. The last item was a 
short stocky dildo with a hand grip on one end that would act 
as an ass plug preventing Carolyn from expelling the hot oil. 
Pamela quickly pored a quart of olive into the beaker sitting 
on the sterno stove. The Asst. Manager lit the sterno stove and 
put the thermometer in the beaker. The crowd watched as the oil 
was heated. Meanwhile Pamela was preparing the brass syringe 
for loading. Pamela handed me the dildo and told me that I must 
insert it into Carolyn's ass the minute the syringe was removed 
from her anus. Behind us the club staff was lying down a 
plastic covering to protect the floor. I saw a staff member 
bring in a large bucket to catch the hot oil and other items 
that Carolyn would be forced to disgorge. When the oil hit the 
right temperature, Pamela carefully poured it into the brass 
syringe. The syringe had a enema nozzle instead of a pointed 
needle. The black enema nozzle at the end of the syringe was 
long and thin. Pamela ordered that the barmaid stick the ass 
dildo into Carolyn's mouth. Carolyn tried to resist by bobbing 
her head, but another barmaid grabbed her by the hair and held 
Carolyn's head steady for the other barmaid to stick the dildo 
in her mouth. The barmaid made sure to insert the shit coated 
dildo deep into Carolyn's mouth and hold it there. Carolyn 
attempted to scream but no sound came out. Carolyn had been 
effectively gagged by her own ass dildo. When everything was 
set, Pamela motioned for me and the Asst. Manager to assist 
her. We were to grab each of Carolyn's ass cheeks and pull them 
apart to expose her asshole for insertion of the brass syringe. 
I notice the observers back away and cleared out the whole area 
behind Carolyn. Nobody wanted to be sprayed anything that 
Carolyn would soon be expelling from her ass. Carolyn ass was 
shaking like a leaf, when I grabbed the left ass cheek. The 
Asst. Manager grabbed the right ass cheek and on a command from 
Pamela we yanked the ass cheeks apart revealing Carolyn's 
asshole to the audience. Pamela moved quickly to shove the 
syringe up Carolyn's ass. First she shot a little hot oil on 
the surface of the anus for lubrication and then proceeded to 
ram the enema nozzle past Carolyn's anal sphincter. Once Pamela 
got the enema nozzle planted deep into Carolyn's ass, she took 
her time before injecting the hot oil up Carolyn's rectum. Like 
a lion playing with its prey, Pamela waited as Carolyn quivered 
with terror. The in one fearsome movement, Pamela emptied the 
quart of hot oil into Carolyn's colon. The effect on Carolyn 
was as if she was just hit with 1500 volt shock. At first 
Carolyn froze in terror, but as the pain registered, Carolyn 
uttered a piercing scream that was clearly audible even with 
the dildo gag in her mouth. Pamela shouted for me to get the 
ass plug ready. I grabbed the ass plug and I was ready to act. 
I moved directly behind Pamela, ready to ram the ass plug in 
Carolyn's ass the minute Pamela remove the enema nozzle. It 
happened in a flash. Pamela withdraw the enema nozzle and 
instantly I shoved the ass plug in Carolyn's ass. The hand grip 
on the end of the ass plug made it easy to get leverage and 
shove the ass plug home. The fact that Carolyn anus was well 
lubricated inside and out by the hot oil helped the execution 
of the operation greatly. Not a single drop of oil escaped from 
Carolyn's ass and I heard the audience applaud. Carolyn however 
was in no celebrating mood. She was shaking every part on her 
body that could move and bellowing at the top of her lungs. The 
dildo gag couldn't stop the noise but it greatly diminished its 
volume. I standing directly behind Carolyn holding the ass plug 
deep in her bowels. I noticed that one of club's staff sluts 
was picked to hold the bucket and she meekly took her position 
behind me. Pamela was in no rush to allow Carolyn the relief of 
expelling the hot oil with whatever else followed. I watched 
the crowd as Carolyn suffered through the agony of the hot oil 
lodged in her colon. I saw that the crowd was getting off on 
poor Carolyn's torments. Everywhere couples groped and fondled 
each other. The most active couples were the sluts. They seemed 
to derive the most sexual satisfaction from watching one of 
their own being punished. This crowd loved every moment of 
Carolyn's agony. I stood their a good five minutes before 
Pamela again spoke to Carolyn. She asked Carolyn if she was 
ready to obey her Mistress and do as she was told. Carolyn 
shook her head in a very emphatic yes. Pamela told me to yank 
out the ass plug and quickly step aside. I followed Pamela's 
instructions to a tee. I pulled that ass plug out and was out 
of there in a instant. I stood besides Pamela and watched 
Carolyn perform. It took a couple of seconds before Carolyn was 
able to expel the hot oil from her ass, but once the stream 
started it didn't stop for over three minutes. Carolyn was 
purging her insides like she has never done before. The oil had 
turned a doddy brown and was being shot out of Carolyn's ass 
with turds of excrement. It was disgusting but absolutely 
sexually arousing. Pamela felt my dick and smiled. She said, 
"You've come a long way from the doubting Thomas I met in the 
hotel this afternoon". Pamela was absolutely right. I was a 
changed man. Even though every moral fiber in my body said this 
was wrong, my cock had taken control of my brain. I was into 
the "Roissy Society" fantasy lock, stock and barrel and was not 
about to give it up now.
          After what appeared to be the last of Carolyn's 
expulsions from her ass, the Asst. Manager asked Pamela if she 
wanted to inject Carolyn with another quart of hot oil. I could 
see Carolyn shaking her head no vigorously. Pamela thought 
about for a minute and then said, "No, I have other things 
planned for this disobedient slut. Unfortunately some of the 
expulsions from Carolyn's ass spilled to the floor. It took a 
couple of minutes for the staff sluts to clean up the mess. The 
audience took the break in the action to imbibe drinks and get 
ready for the next part of the punishment. I saw that the staff 
sluts was very capable. They had the area cleaned up quickly. I 
got the idea that they had experience in these matters. I 
noticed that one staff slut was cleaning up Carolyn. First the 
slut wiped Carolyn's ass cheek and anus down with a clean rag, 
removing all the surface excrement. Next with a bucket of warm 
soapy water and a tool that resembled the implement used to 
baste turkeys, proceeded to clean Carolyn's inner person. The 
slut would first fill up the baster with the warm soap water 
and inject into Carolyn's rectum. Carolyn reacted by not half 
as violently as she did when the hot oil was squirted into her 
anus. I noticed that the Slut repeated this operation several 
times before putting down the baster. By the last time the 
water being expelled by Carolyn was free from any fecal matter. 
However just to be safe I saw that the staff Slut left a bucket 
between Carolyn's legs. I couldn't help but notice that the 
Slut was enjoying her work very much. She was clearly getting 
sexually aroused by playing enema games with Carolyn. When it 
appeared that everything was ready to proceed again Pamela told 
the barmaid to remove the ass dildo from Carolyn's mouth. 
Pamela then addressed Carolyn in front of the observers. Pamela 
then said to Carolyn, "Are you ready to obey me now? "I see 
that there is some shit remaining near the base of your ass 
dildo that needs to be cleaned. I want you to use your tongue 
and lick that dildo clean. Do you understand?. Carolyn quickly 
nodded yes. When the barmaid present the shit spot near the 
base of the ass dildo, Carolyn extended her tongue past the 
mouth enforcer and slowly licked that part of the dildo clean. 
I saw the tear flowing down Carolyn's face but she never 
hesitated from carrying out her Mistress's order. The audience 
broke into applause. I saw several Mistresses with their hands 
on their sluts telling them they could expect the same if they 
failed to obey. Pamela was beaming from ear to ear. In front of 
this crowd she proved she was a Mistress who knew how to 
extract obedience out of her slut. I was just soaking up this 
whole experience and pinching myself to see if it was a dream.
 



ROISSY SOCIETY
Chapter 2C      "The Club"
 
       After Carolyn cleaned both dildos with her tongue to the 
delight of the assembled crowd, Pamela announced that as the 
next step I was going to grease Carolyn. A bowl of grease was 
placed before and I got started. I worked the grease up and 
down Carolyn's body. There was no place I didn't rub the grease 
into. I of course took a lot of time and effort rub this grease 
into Carolyn's tits. After just a little rubbing, Carolyn's 
nipples got real head and pronounced. It was then I remembered 
the three "figgs" Pamela had planted in Carolyn's ass. It was 
evident that the aphrodisiac was still in full force. I decided 
now to concentrate on Carolyn's cunt and ass. The observers 
once again drew real close as I worked the grease into her 
slit. I let my fingers do the walking in Carolyn's pussy. I 
started with two fingers and then three. Pretty soon I had half 
my hand in her vagina. In a moment I had Carolyn wriggling like 
a worm at the end of a fisherman's hook. Pamela encouraged me 
to make  Carolyn come and show the audience what kind of horny 
slut she really was. To my surprise Carolyn didn't try to hold 
back at all. In fact Carolyn was working herself into a series 
of violent orgasms. When I coaxed the first orgasm out of 
Carolyn, she bucked and shouted as if the hot oil had been 
reintroduced into her ass. Carolyn was bucking and braying like 
a mule. In less then three minutes Carolyn had come numerous 
times. My fingers were literally soaked with her come juice. 
Carolyn was actually squirting come from her pussy. I had heard 
that this was possible but never seen it happen until today. 
Carolyn was on a sexual roller coaster and she didn't want the 
ride to end. Carolyn's tongue was making suggestive gestures 
and her ass wriggled in the most delightful manner. It was 
clear to everybody that Carolyn was in sexual ecstasy. Pamela 
allowed the show to go on for a little while till she had 
enough. Pamela grabbed my hand away from Carolyn's ass and give 
Carolyn's ass cheeks such a violent smack that Carolyn screamed 
and jumped. It was clear that the fun and games were over and 
it was punishment time again.
           Pamela produced this wicked looking slut strap. It 
had one dildo and large metal oval built into it. The dildo was 
no pleasure tool. It had wicked long spikes extending from its 
base. One look at this dildo and Carolyn froze in her tracks. 
Pamela held up the dildo and said to the observers, "I want 
this slut to knew she is being punished not pleasured for her 
flirting at the bar. I want the slut to feel the pain it deep 
in her cunt every time the men put their dicks up her ass". I 
could hear the sounds of approval from this crew watching 
Carolyn's ordeals. Pamela went on to say, "However before I 
stick this nasty dildo up her cunt, I want her fully 
urticated". With that the crowd burst into wild applause. What 
the hell was urtication? At that moment a bucket of leaves was 
handed to me with two heavy leather gloves. The leaves were red 
at the center and sharply pointed. I recognized them right away 
to be nettles. So that was what urtication meant. Pamela called 
them "Devil's Nettles". She said the nettles came from the West 
Indies and caused an itch with one application that would last 
for days. Carolyn was trembling again with fear. She shaking 
her head and crying, "No Mistress, No Mistress No". Pamela with 
a steely tone asked Carolyn if she wanted a spiked dildo 
inserting in her mouth. Carolyn shut up immediately. Pamela 
said to Carolyn, "You have behaved badly all day and now its 
time to pay the piper. I expect you take your punishment and 
behave". Pamela instructed me on how to apply the nettles. I 
was to take a clump of leaves and rub it into her skin. I was 
to start first with the ass cheeks, then use the nettles on her 
breasts and finally rub the nettles on her cunt. I put on the 
heavy leather gloves because I had no desire to be pricked by 
these "Devil's Nettles". With just the first pass of the leaves 
on Carolyn's ass cheeks I could see the tiny white blisters 
start to form. Carolyn couldn't control herself, I heard the 
tinkle of liquid hitting the bucket between Carolyn's legs. The 
nettles was causing Carolyn to pee. Pamela sternly ordered me 
to continue. I felt the burning looks of thirty to forty people 
steering at me. I knew it was too late to stop now. I got a new 
clump and work it on the other side of Carolyn's ass. Carolyn's 
ass was now in constant motion. The blister were becoming quite 
enlarged. Now I started to work the nettles into Carolyn's 
tits. I could see that they had an instantaneous effect of 
Carolyn's soft breast skin. The blisters turned the breast from 
milk white to a blotchy red and pink. Although I really wanted 
to stop, the excitement in my loins kept me working these 
"Devil's Nettles" up and down Carolyn large tits. When I 
finished, there wasn't a single area of tit skin that hadn't 
felt the sting and itch of the nettles. I had worked those tits 
over good and I was now headed to Carolyn's cunt. The minute 
the "Devil's Nettles" touched the sensitive cunt skin, Carolyn 
jumped and screamed like she was being eaten alive. I couldn't 
continue. At that Pamela jumped in. She turned to the Asst. 
Manager and said "We need to put a cork in this slut's mouth". 
The Asst. Manager came back with a short fat dildo that just 
fit past the mouth enforcer. Pamela wasn't finished. She asked 
that the mouth dildo be soaked in Castor Oil before being 
placed in Carolyn's mouth. As we waited for the mouth dildo to 
be prepared, Pamela began to whisper in my ear and play with 
dick which had remained hard throughout Carolyn's preparation. 
Pamela whispered to my ear, "That you are doing a fantastic job 
and that she had a reward for me when I finished my task of 
punishing Carolyn". Pamela went on to tell me that I was 
impressing the observers with my cool and that she was sure 
that the sluts watching wanted me to fuck them afterwards. The 
sluts loved a strong man and was their kind of guy. Pamela 
promised me in a couple of minutes the finest orgasm I ever 
had. In a moment my concern for Carolyn had melted with the 
anticipation of that future reward and the monster orgasm.
          In about a minute or two, Carolyn had been fitted 
with the mouth plug. Again it didn't completely shut her up, 
but it lowered her vocal responses to low unintelligible moan. 
With renewed vigor and no remorse I attack Carolyn's cunt with 
a new clump of the "Devil's Nettles". Without the distraction 
from Carolyn's screams, I worked the nettles into the cunt meat 
good. Instead of feeling sorry for Carolyn, I was getting 
further excited as the pubes became red and inflamed from the 
urtication. I even drove the nettles into Carolyn's nether 
lips. After just a few rubbings the lips began to swell. 
Carolyn was about to pass out from the urtication when Pamela 
ordered me to stop. I was glad that Pamela made me cease. I had 
drifted into a world of my own and wasn't paying any attention 
to Carolyn's condition. I would learn later during my training 
by the "Roissy Society" not be so cavalier in dealing with the 
sluts. Pamela now stepped behind Carolyn and with extreme care 
inserted the pain dildo into Carolyn's cunt. Carolyn had 
shaking her like a tambourine just prior to Pamela approaching 
with the spiked dildo, but upon feeling the spikes at the 
entrance to her cunt, Carolyn came to a complete stop. In fact 
Carolyn remained rigid like a soldier at attention as Pamela 
thread that wicked looking dildo up her vaginal canal. When the 
spiked dildo was fully implanted in Carolyn's pussy, Pamela 
then brought the slut strap around to Carolyn's ass cheeks. I 
could now see the purpose of the large metal oval built into 
the slut strap. The metal oval was placed directly over 
Carolyn's asshole. The metal oval pulled Carolyn's ass cheeks 
apart and left the asshole clearly available for penetration. 
With this slut strap attached the men would have no trouble 
sticking their dicks up Carolyn's ass. Pamela then locked this 
slut strap to the back of Carolyn's corset. I had thought the 
preparation was finished when the Asst. Manager produced one 
last item. It looked like a leather bra with a cut out for the 
nipples to stick out. However when I saw that the entire inside 
of the bra cups were loaded with plastic spikes, I realized 
this was no ordinary bra. The purpose of the bra was to cause 
the wearer to react more vigorously during the course of being 
fucked when the bra cups were squeezed. I could tell between 
the effects of the nettles and the plastic spikes, the wearer 
would buck like a mule when the bra was squeezed against the 
sensitive breast skin. I was sure glad I wasn't Carolyn at this 
time. I knew that Carolyn had been sexual excited from the 
infliction of pain to her body in the limo, but couldn't 
imagine she would get any sexual enjoyment out of this 
punishment. I on the other hand was in sexual bliss. When 
Pamela finally handed me the paddle and asked if I was ready, I 
was beyond ready. All the preparations of Carolyn for the 
paddling had sent my sex glands into overdrive. I wanted to 
whack Carolyn's ass with the paddle until my arm hurt and then 
drive my dick into Carolyn's open asshole. I wanted to fuck my 
brains out. I wanted that monster orgasm. At this point the 
"Roissy Society" had me heart and soul and was going to 
experience the fantasy to the limit.
          Just before I was to start whacking away at Carolyn's 
ass with the paddle, Pamela called for one of the barmaids to 
lean over the bar and present her nipples to my mouth. Pamela 
said to suck on the nipple for a minute. The barmaid said if I 
liked I could even take some nibbles of her tits to ingest more 
to the candy coating. The barmaid had beautiful round tits that 
looked like half cantaloupes. I began to work my tongue on her 
tits immediately and without thinking I started to take nibbles 
of the barmaid's tit meat so conveniently placed before my 
face. Again the reaction in my loins was dramatic. My cock 
seemed to harden beyond anything I felt before. As I continued 
to suck and bite on the glorious tits presented to me, I felt 
Pamela unloosen my pants and expose my cock. I was so into the 
scene, it didn't even phase me that forty people were avidly 
observing my manhood. I don't know how long I lunched on those 
tits. I stopped only when Pamela pulled my mouth away and with 
a smile said, "You still have a job to do, but I promise you 
can get back to those tits and a lot more when finish punishing 
Carolyn". I could barely comprehend Pamela. My mind was on 
another planet. Pamela positioned me behind and to the side of 
Carolyn. Pamela then got one of the staff sluts and put her on 
her knees before me. Pamela's instruction to the staff slut was 
to suck my dick until I came. When I came the slut was to 
swallow every drop and not to stop her sucking until I was hard 
for a second time. Pamela said my job was to concentrate only 
on beating Carolyn's ass red. That  during my orgasm I was to 
smack Carolyn's ass even harder and that only when I was good 
and hard again should I cease the beating of Carolyn's ass with 
the paddle and proceed fuck her up the ass. If I continued to 
concentrate purely on the task before, I would experience two 
of the finest orgasms I ever had. Again Pamela asked if I was 
ready. The staff slut was already working her lips up and down 
my rigid and exposed staff. I was more ready then I ever had 
been in my life. I wanted to beat Carolyn's ass with the paddle 
until my dick exploded  and then start again. I could hear the 
cheers and encouragement from the observers and I wanted to 
show them I was ready for anything the "Roissy Society" could 
dish out. I was ready let the "Roissy Society" fantasy to take 
me away. I was ready to beat the shit out Carolyn's ass.
            The paddle was your standard round black leather 
paddle. The handle was shaped like a dildo. I raised my arm and 
brought the first whack down. It made the most delightful 
smacking sound. The red patch on Carolyn's ass proved that I 
had made good contact. Carolyn had not moved or moaned with the 
first stroke. I felt that Carolyn was defying me to make her 
react. With all these people watching I was not going to look 
bad. I was determined to make Carolyn react. I quickly followed 
with the next stroke of the paddle and again Carolyn was stoic. 
I reared back and delivered the next three strokes in quick 
succession. I could see that Caroyln's ass was beginning to 
turn red and weave a little. I then used the paddle in quick 
hard strokes. The effect was evident. Carolyn's ass was 
starting to look like a stop sign and she was beginning to 
shake her ass with each stroke. However I hadn't yet broken 
her. The next three hits with the paddle broke the dam. Carolyn 
was now swaying her ass from side to side and shaking her up 
and down. I now felt in control. I began to deliver the strokes 
in a steady rhythm. It wasn't too long before the observers 
could actually hear Carolyn screams over the gag. As Carolyn 
became more agitated the crowd became more louder with their 
encouragement to hit her harder. 
            At that point, I doubted I even heard the people 
behind me. I was in the throes of my own orgasm. I had started 
slowly but it was building up in intensity quickly. The only 
thing I remembered was Pamela's instruction to beat Carolyn's 
ass with the paddle harder as I came. I followed that 
instruction out perfectly. As the sex juices in me were coming 
to a boil, I focused in on only one thing. I was locked on to 
my task of whacking away at Carolyn's ass. By this time Carolyn 
moving her ass in wild gyrations and bellowing into her gag in 
clearly audible manner. The reactions of Carolyn to the pain of 
the paddling only increased the fire in my loins. I was like a 
heat seeking missile and the heat I was seeking was the heat I 
was producing on Carolyn's ass. I was long beyond comprehension 
and compassion for Carolyn's situation. I was totally obsessed 
with obtaining my orgasm. I now lost the rhythm and was just 
whacking away wily nilly. I never bothered to count the number 
of whacks I had given Carolyn. I only watched the results. I 
can't say what exactly drove me over the edge, but without 
warning I felt myself explode. I remember pumping my cock in 
and out of the staff slut's mouth like it was a pussy. I don't 
know how she managed to keep my cock in her mouth but she did. 
When the sperm finally gushed out and into the staff slut's 
mouth I was incapable of doing anything but feel the sensation 
of my orgasm. I don't know how long I was coming. All I 
remember was the thunderous applause of the observers waking me 
back to consciousness. I was still pumping my cock in and out 
of the staff slut's mouth, but at a slower pace. I could see my 
sperm dripping down the staff slut's cheeks as she tried to 
swallow every drop. When the sensation finally ceased, I stood 
motionless for a moment. I then noticed that Carolyn had not 
ceased her movements. Carolyn's ass was still weaving from side 
to side and she was moaning into her gag. Instead of feeling 
pity for Carolyn, I felt a certain satisfaction and pride in my 
performance. I was now ready to start again. If this is what 
the "Roissy Society" expected from their male members then I was their man.




ROISSY SOCIETY
Chapter 2D      "The Club"
 
         When I finally came back to reality, Pamela stepped up 
to me and gave me a wonderful delicious kiss. She said "I was 
doing her proud and I should take just a little pause to get my 
wits backs" One of the barmaids handed me a drink in a shot 
glass. It was my favorite, Irish whiskey. Pamela just smiled 
she had remembered my choice of liquor from the first time we 
met at the hotel bar this afternoon. Was it only earlier in the 
day this odyssey begun. It felt like light years ago. I downed 
that shot in a second and it was quickly replaced and consumed. 
Pamela handed me the beer chaser and moved to calm me down. The 
crowd behind was in an uproar. They were enjoying every moment 
of watching a newbie orgasm on his first infliction of a public 
punishment. I saw several slut couples going down on each 
other. I saw that several of the Mistresses had their sluts 
under their dresses and were also being serviced. During all 
this time the staff slut on her knees before me had not stop 
her oral attention to my cock. However instead of sucking she 
was using her tongue to lick the very tip of my dick, like a 
child with an ice cream cone. I liked this licking very much. I 
was now in my afterglow. Pamela was a master of timing. Instead 
of having me immediately start whacking away again at Carolyn's 
ass, she instead took the paddle from me and put my hands on 
the cherry red ass of Carolyn. It was hot. You could feel the 
heat the paddling had created. Pamela again produced the bowl 
of grease and told to work it deep into Carolyn's skin. As I 
started to rub the grease into Carolyn's ass cheeks, Carolyn 
became quite agitated. Carolyn was shaking like she had been 
during the paddling. I could hear Carolyn loudly whining into 
the gag. There was something in the grease that was causing 
Carolyn great pain. I would learn later that this grease was 
liberally laced with lemon juice and salt crystals to sting and 
burn the very sore and active nerve endings in Carolyn's ass 
cheeks. Instead of stopping, Carolyn's reaction only spurred me 
on. I loved the way I was making her ass shine bright red. I 
felt like I was waxing a brand new red sports car. Slowly but 
surely I starting to feel sensation in my dick again. It was 
not hard yet, but the staff slut could also sense it hardening 
because she resumed actively running her lips up and down my 
cock. I was back in the saddle again. Now more then ever I was 
determined to accomplish the final goal. I was going to get my 
cock super hard and then fuck Caroline in the ass for everyone 
to see. I was going to show the "Roissy Society" what kind of man I was.
           Pamela quickly caught on to my renewed vigor and 
handed me back the paddle. Her instructions were clear. I was 
start again slowly and continually build up the number and 
strength of the whacks of the paddle until I felt my cock super 
hard. I was then to stick it in Carolyn's exposed asshole and 
fuck away until I orgasmed for the second time. I was to take 
my time. Everybody present was enjoying the show, don't rush, 
just concentrate on the final goal of your dick exploding deep 
in Carolyn's tight ass. I looked around at the crowd and they 
all were giving me the thumb's up signal and verbally 
encouraging me to make the slut pay for her disobedience of her 
Mistress. You could tell that nobody was walking out on this 
show. With renewed energy I recommenced the paddling of 
Carolyn's ass. This time I was very calm. I didn't feel I had 
to prove anything anymore. I just started to calmly whack away 
at that beautiful red ass swaying before me chained to the bar. 
The first stroke sounded good again. But this time I was going 
to take my time between each stroke. I even started to rub the 
paddle on Carolyn's ass before each stroke. The audience liked 
this new approach and let their approval be heard. The smacks 
clearly were having their effect on Carolyn. Unlike the first 
set, Carolyn was not pretending to be brave at all. By the 
fifth slap of the paddle Carolyn was expressing her pain 
through the movement of her ass and the high pitch screech 
escaping the gag. This time I was unaffected by Carolyn's 
reaction. I had drifted into a world of my own. The only thing 
that mattered was the feeling in my cock and it was starting to feel good again.
          I was back in a rhythm. It was much slower then the 
first time, but a lot more steady. I could see the rhythm had 
rubbed off on Carolyn. She wasn't jerking her ass but moving it 
in a steady movement left and right. At this point I noticed I 
had not worked the soft underside of Carolyn's ass cheeks. I 
now varied my strokes from a frontal assault to a underhand 
swing. I think this new tack caught Carolyn off guard. With 
this steady underhand swing, Carolyn started to buck her ass 
out like she fucking the bar. The problem with this new motion 
was that it brought the spikes of the pain dildo into play. 
When she weaved left to right the spikes of the pain dildo 
didn't move much in the vaginal canal, but when she started 
this coital movement, the spikes started to move up and down on 
her cunt walls. The effect was a scraping of the spikes of the 
pain dildo on Carolyn's vaginal canal. Carolyn was caught in a 
bind. Did cease all movement to escape the tearing up of her 
cunt and allow the underside of her ass cheeks to get toasted 
or did move to dissipate the pain of the paddling. Carolyn took 
the only reasonable choice. She would endure the pain on the 
underside of her ass and protect the walls of her vagina from 
being torn. All of sudden Carolyn just stopped in her tracks. 
Again I felt challenged to dictate the terms of her punishment. 
I started to truly attack the overhang of Carolyn's ass cheeks. 
With strong and steady underhanded strokes I began assault the 
underside of Carolyn's ass. Within several strokes I could see 
that this area was turning the same bright red as exhibited by 
her upper ass cheeks. It took several more strokes but Carolyn 
could no long resist the need to buck out her ass with each 
impact of the paddle on her underside ass cheeks. Once I got 
the advantage and I pressed it. Within a minute Carolyn bucking 
and screaming as if she was being fucked by a red hot poker. I 
think that even Pamela got worried that I as a novice I might 
go to far and really damage Carolyn's cunt. She pulled my arm 
away and told me to go back to the upper cheeks. I wasn't 
upset. In fact I gained new respect for Pamela. She clearly 
never lost her cool. She wanted Carolyn to feel real pain but 
not real damage. This was the "Roissy Society" code, make them 
hurt, make them regret their disobedience but never permanently damage them.
           I was at this time deep into working my dick hard 
again. I would now concentrate on the summits of Carolyn's 
beautiful ass cheeks. My plan was to be ready to fuck Carolyn 
up the ass with a dozen more whacks of the paddle. I would take 
my time but rear back and hit her hard with every stroke. I 
would make sure the impact of every smack of the paddle was 
deeply felt by Carolyn. I pulled my arm way back and brought 
the paddle down with the hardest wallop of the evening. 
Carolyn's head shot up and I saw the little hairs on her neck 
stick straight up. All of a sudden I felt my dick start to 
raise to attention. My plan was working. I gently began 
caressing the summit of Carolyn's ass cheek. The crowd was 
amused but I don't think Carolyn was feeling too joyful. All 
through the caressing of Carolyn ass cheeks by the paddle, I 
could see the quivering of Carolyn's ass muscles and her steady 
drone into her gag. After about a minute of caressing, I 
brought the next stroke down. It absolutely sounded like a 
rifle shot. I actually saw the ass compress. Carolyn banged her 
pussy in to the front of the bar. I knew the spikes of the pain 
dildo had to have made contact with Carolyn's vaginal walls 
upon this bumping of her cunt into the bar. Needless to say 
Caroline quickly stuck her ass out. I think Pamela was worried 
I was getting too carried away. Pamela wanted her slut punished 
not ruined. Pamela first took the head of the stuff slut and by 
her hair began forcing her to work her mouth deeper and faster 
on my cock. I think the staff slut got the message real fast 
because she jumped into overdrive and began to quickly work her 
mouth up and down my cock. Pamela then motioned for me to 
quicken my strokes with the paddle under the theory if I worked 
faster I might not be able to hit so hard. I got the hint and 
just started to whack away without caring about the intensity 
or location. At this time all I wanted was to get hard. As I 
quickened the use of the paddle on Carolyn's ass, I also 
increased the movement of my dick in and out of the staff 
slut's mouth. Pamela was pulling out all the stops. As I 
whacked away at her slut's ass, Pamela pulled my pants down to 
my upper thighs. The underpants followed quickly. Pamela now 
grabbed a hold of my balls and starting to give them a gentle 
squeeze. The observers loved this new direction and I could 
hear them come alive with cat calls. I too got into this new 
sexual sensation. I don't know actually how more smacks of the 
paddle it took to get fully erect but it happened very quickly. 
In a moment I felt the juices flowing and I didn't want to take 
a chance that I might go off again in the staff slut's mouth. 
As I got harder, Carolyn's asshole seemed to get larger and 
larger. I was about lodge my prick into that very red and very inviting ass.
         I gave Carolyn one good last whack and in a split 
second I was on top of her like hounds on a fox. The large oval 
separating Carolyn's ass cheek was like a homing device. I got 
my prick right through the oval and right on top of Carolyn's 
asshole. With one great big push I was in and lodged in 
Carolyn's ass up to my balls. I couldn't believe how easy it 
was. I thought it was the hot oil and grease. I would find out 
later that the "Roissy Society" expands the asshole of every 
slut during training so as to accommodate the penetration of 
their asshole by the "Roissy Society" members. When I learnt 
that the same expansion regiment was also practiced on the 
"Valets" in training, I realized there was lot more about the 
"Roissy Society" I was going to learn and experience. I started 
to pump away. Carolyn was not an eager partner at first. Every 
time I pushed in, the spikes of the pain dildo in Carolyn's 
cunt let their presence be felt. As along as Carolyn remained 
relatively still the spikes would only prick the surface of the 
vaginal wall but not puncture it. Carolyn wasn't about to test 
how far so could move without being punctured by the spikes in 
her cunt. The trouble with Carolyn's plan of action to remain 
relatively still throughout this intercourse was that it was 
formed in Carolyn's brain, not in the loins and it was 
Carolyn's loins that were under attack. Despite every nerve in 
Carolyn's body screaming pain, Carolyn was beginning to enjoy 
the plowing of her ass by my driving cock. It in a short time, 
the "figgs" were again taking control of Carolyn's senses. The 
spikes were being interpreted as pleasure inducers not 
inhibitors. Carolyn was transforming the sensations in her cunt 
caused by the spikes as a pleasure producing stimulus. While 
the spikes on the pain dildo looked gruesome, they were not as 
dangerous as they seemed. There were no points on the spikes. 
They could only catch the vaginal walls, but totally lacked the 
ability to actually puncture the mucous membrane. The "Roissy 
Society" loved bringing their sluts to the edge but not over 
it. It was a very pleasant surprise when I felt Carolyn join 
the fray. She started slowly and in a minute she was a full 
partner in the dance. My hands were on her hips banging away at 
her ass. Carolyn was matching me thrust for thrust. My total 
concentration was on my dick. I had never fucked a woman up the 
ass before. It was much tighter. The hot oil certainly 
lubricated the narrow passage, but it was not like a woman's 
pussy in which nature provides the superior lubrication. It was 
different and I could get to like this new spice. I was 
drifting into my own private world again, when I heard the 
crowd screaming, "Grab Her Tits, Squeeze Her Tits". I then 
remembered the special bra. Like a kid with a new toy, I 
immediately got my hands around those wonderful tits and 
proceeded squeeze the "Charman". Carolyn immediately began 
acting like a bronking bronco. In her quest to dislodge my 
hands from her breasts she was getting me more excited, but the 
best part was yet to come. I was in sexual heaven, but I was 
going to reach even a higher level soon.
            As I was being transported to sexual bliss, I felt 
again a tugging at my pants. Pamela had got behind me and was 
pulling my pants down to my ankles. If someone told me twelve 
hours before, I would let a woman pull my pants down in front 
of forty people while I was in the process of making love, I 
might have hit that person. However less then twelve hours 
after meeting this stranger named Pamela, she got my pants down 
to my ankles along with my boxer shorts and I didn't make a 
move to stop her. The strangest part was I didn't care. At that 
moment, Pamela probably could have stripped me naked and I 
would not have cared. All my energy and my attention was in one 
direction, getting my rocks off. I could feel the explosion 
building down in my balls but it wasn't there yet and I wasn't 
going to let it get away. I renewed my attack both with dick in 
Carolyn's ass and my hands on Carolyn's tits. If Carolyn truly 
derived pleasure from pain, then she had to be at her peak. 
Unfortunately Carolyn at this point was more in pain then in 
pleasure. Mistress Pamela had really fixed her good this time, 
she was truly being punished and not pleasured. In the middle 
of this final assault, I felt an absolutely foreign feeling. A 
wet slippery thing was at my asshole. In a second it was 
through my anus and in rectum wriggling. Pamela had put some 
strange lotion on her finger and stuck it up my ass. Whatever 
was in that lotion, it had lit a fire in my balls like I never 
felt before. The sensation was like dynamite explosion at a log 
jam. All of a sudden the sperm didn't fly out, they were 
rocketed out of dick and deep into Carolyn's rectum. During 
this orgasm, Pamela had not let up for one second wriggling her 
finger up my ass. When the orgasm hit, it was my turn to heard 
over the music in the back room. I definitely believe my scream 
in ecstasy was much louder then any vocal response the pain had 
rendered from Carolyn. Pamela was not about to let me off her 
finger hook yet. She had just caught a big fish with her hook 
and she enjoyed playing with it. Not only was this orgasm 
incredible strong it didn't stop. I felt like I was coming for 
about an hour. In actuality in was a good several minutes that 
Pamela with her digital prowess kept me locked in the throes of 
this orgasm. Pamela promised me the greatest orgasm of my life 
and she was right. What was more scary, was the fact that 
everything Pamela had said about the "Roissy Society" was 
right. I thought I had just tasted the highest level of the 
"Roissy Society" fantasy, little did I know I was just at the 
bottom wrung. There was a reason why more then three-thousand 
sluts and valets were willing to give up their freedom and 
privacy to adopt the "Roissy Society" fantasy. I wasn't quite 
there yet, but one or two of these orgasms more, I would be the 
"Roissy Society" newest recruit.
        By the time I had stop coming, all feeling had left my 
body. I literally had collapsed on top of Carolyn. My fingers 
were still on Carolyn's tits, but there was no energy left to 
squeeze. In fact all the energy had been squeezed out of me. I 
didn't move until I felt two of the men get their hands under 
my chest and ease me off of Carolyn. My dick was still lodged 
in Carolyn's ass when the two gentlemen helped me step back. 
With their aid I turned around to find Pamela. The moment I 
faced the observers, the crowd broke out in thunderous applause 
and cheers. For a few minutes it was the bar area that was 
loudest portion of the club. For a couple of moments the music 
had to take second place to the cheers. I was shocked and 
elated. I a novice had performed to the overwhelming applause 
of the experts. In the middle of this adulation I looked down 
and my pants and underwear were still hanging at my ankles with 
my wet shriveled pecker in open view and what's worse I still 
didn't care. Pamela was on me in a second. She had her arms 
wrapped around me in a bear hug and lips locked to my mouth. 
She was going to savior every last second. Pamela could be 
proud of herself. Her guest had performed like a trooper. Every 
Mistress in the room at this point had to be a little envious. 
Mistress Pamela had landed her herself a live one. Every 
Mistress takes pride in their ability to maintain discipline 
with her sluts, but the thing every Mistress takes the most 
pride in was their ability to recruit only the finest of 
subjects to embrace the "Roissy Society" fantasy. All those 
observers in the bar area, who watched Mistress Pamela's 
guest/recruit publicly punish the slut Carolyn, knew that 
Mistress Pamela had found a winner. However many an apparent 
winner quickly changed into a lost cause as more and more of 
the requirements that each member of the "Roissy Society" must 
adopt became known to the recruit. Sure enough Mistress Pamela 
had hooked the big one, but now can she reel him in. 
          In the haze of all this excitement Pamela was 
whispering in my ear, "You done real good. You have made me 
very proud that you are my guest and you have earned your 
reward". All of a sudden I felt energy start to transverse my 
body again. The reward I been waiting for. What could the 
reward be? It had to be a slut. The only problem was the way I 
felt now, I didn't know if I could perform again with a slut. 
This was terrible. All of a sudden the words of the "Ancient 
Mariner" rang in my head, "Water, Water, Everywhere and Not a 
Drop to Drink". Was this going to be my punishment. Over a 
hundred sluts that want to get into my pants and I can't get 
up. I was not about to let that happen. By now I was fully 
convinced that I was hallucinating and at any moment I'm going 
to wake in my own bed alone on a Saturday night. But before 
they bring that wake up wagon round, I was going to give it all 
I got. I was sure by hook or by crook, I got several more 
orgasms left in me with the proper sluts. All I had to do was 
play my cards right and I could be in sexual nirvana again. 
Little did know that the night had just begun for me. The 
"Roissy Society" not only grabbed you by the balls, but it 
didn't let go until its sucked every ounce of energy out of you 
in pursuit of their fantasy world. I quickly pulled my pants 
back up. Little did I know they would be discarded in the very 
near future. Pamela before leaving the bar area gave some 
further instructions to the Asst. Manager about the punishment 
of Carolyn. Pamela told the Asst. Manager that after Carolyn 
had been fucked at least six times more, replace the slut strap 
now locked onto Carolyn loins. Pamela wanted the pain dildo out 
and a pleasure dildo replaced in Carolyn's cunt. To make sure 
that Carolyn didn't have too much enjoyment, Pamela told the 
Asst. Manager when he changed the slut strap, have Carolyn from 
that point on warmed up with a cutting whip and not the paddle. 
Carolyn would soon be replacing the pain in her cunt with a 
pain in the ass. Pamela smiled and said to me, "I don't want 
poor Carolyn to suffer too much more after the hurting you put 
on her, but I don't want her to have too much fun either. She 
is being punished". With that we left the bar area. The night 
was still young and I was about to learn a lot more about the "Roissy Society" fantasy.    




ROISSY SOCIETY
Chapter 3A      "The Dance"
     
            As the club was laid out, after leaving the bar 
area you only could take two directions. The first direction 
was through an open passage way that lead to the back room and 
the loud music. The second exit was less conspicuous. It was a 
large door to the right of the bar area. This door had no 
windows and was closed tight. Pamela headed for this door. When 
I got to the door I noticed there were no handles to open the 
door. There was only the round key to the right of the door. 
Pamela used her ring key to open the door. The door slid open 
and a large room was revealed. Pamela called it the Mistress's 
room. It was completely different from the other rooms in the 
club. This room was very plush and very quiet. It had a 
relaxing atmosphere. There was no turmoil going on in this 
room. I noticed that there were at least ten Mistresses 
present. They appeared to be sitting around and having 
conversations. I did notice that several Mistress appeared to 
have someone under their long dresses servicing them. I saw in 
the corner two Mistresses were examining a naked slut. The slut 
was standing with her hands locked behind her neck and legs 
spread wide. One Mistress was using the handle of her whip to 
test firmness of the slut's breasts. Pamela looked at the scene 
and said they were probably negotiating a sale or transfer of 
the slut. It was quite common to transfer sluts from one 
Mistress to another during the term of the slut's contract. 
Very rarely would a Mistress keep a slut for the entire term of 
her contract. Most Mistresses only kept their sluts for a 
period of six to eight months before they would sell or 
transfer them to another Mistress. I saw the slut was now 
facing the wall with her arms extended and touching the wall. 
She looked like a crook who had been stopped by the police and 
was being frisked at a wall. The Mistress was during a very 
extensive frisk of this slut. There was not an inch of the 
slut's body that wasn't being felt by the Mistress. I saw the 
Mistress pull the whip back and deliver ten sharp lashes to the 
slut's ass. The slut rolled as her ass a little, but maintained 
her position. I had heard the slut whimper, but she didn't 
raise her voice to disturb the other Mistresses in the room. 
The Mistress smiled and said, "Good Slut". All the furniture in 
the room looked very traditional with high backed chairs and 
coffee tables, however the various rings and cuffs attached to 
the furniture showed these were no ordinary pieces of 
furniture. It appeared that every piece of furniture in some 
way could be used to hold down a slut in various positions. 
Along the back wall there were a least a dozen club staff sluts 
waiting on the beck and call of the Mistresses. They were there 
to serve the Mistresses in any manner the Mistress should 
desire. Whether it was serving drinks or servicing the 
Mistress. The room spoke of privilege and it was the Mistresses 
that were the privileged ones at the "Roissy Society". 
          Pamela led me to a Mistress standing by an amour and 
sipping a Cognac. Pamela introduced me to Mistress Katrina. 
Mistress Katrina was living proof that middle aged woman could 
still be knock outs. Although her face clearly showed a women 
in her mid to late forties, her body looked like a twenty year 
old. She was long and lean with a monstrous chest and nice 
sized ass with a wasp waist. Katrina was dressed like a lot of 
the Mistresses in this club. She wore a dress that was tight on 
top and fully flared at the bottom. Katrina was not bashful 
about showing cleavage under the theory, if have it, flaunt it. 
Katrina extended her hand to me and I kissed it. Katrina smiled 
and remarked. "A gentleman, I like that". Pamela was quick to 
add, "He was not too gentle with the slut in the bar". Katrina 
remarked that she had observe meet put the slut through her 
paces and I showed great potential as a member of the "Roissy 
Society". Katrina said she was greatly impressed with my verve 
and excitement even though I lacked the proper training. 
However with the proper training provided by the "Roissy 
Society" I could become a very fine whip master. Katrina asked 
what I thought about the club and the "Roissy Society" as she 
reached down opened my pants and felt my dick. I said I felt 
like Alice in Wonderland. Katrina laughed and said "You haven't 
met the Queen of Spades yet and gave my dick a tight and 
menacing squeeze". I was at first a little taken aback, but I 
realized this was normal conduct by a Mistress of the "Roissy 
Society". That the men like the women were treated as property 
and if I was going to be a member of the "Roissy Society" I 
better learn that fact fast. If I wanted to taste the pleasures 
of the "Roissy Society" fantasy, I better be prepared to pay 
the price that comes along with the fantasy. I was studying 
Katrina like a masterpiece painting when I saw a head bob under 
her skirt. Even as we spoke Katrina was being serviced. I can 
see why the Mistresses preferred those long wide skirts. It 
allowed them to be serviced without making a spectacle of 
themselves. That's the difference between a man and a woman. If 
it was man being serviced, he would want the whole world see 
the slut sucking his dick. A woman is more discrete. Women tend 
to be more refined and laid back and the "Roissy Society" 
reflected those characteristics. The "Roissy Society" was not 
into being showy. The "Roissy Society" was class not crass. In 
the "Roissy Society" everything was done in dignified manner. 
          Pamela began speaking to Katrina. She asked if 
Katrina was still willing to provide the reward to her guest. 
Katrina laughed and said, "I was in fact just warming up the 
present for its presentation to your guest." And with that 
Katrina lifted her skirt to show the slut on her knees 
servicing her Mistress. Katrina pulled the slut back by her 
hair and ordered her to present herself to me. In one quick 
motion the slut turned around, got up, put her hands behind her 
neck, spread her legs and threw her chest out. My mouth went 
slack. Before me stood the prettiest black lady I had ever 
seen. She looked like a covergirl. She was light skinned in her 
early to middle twenties, she was a little short 5'3" but had a 
bust that matched Katrina. The slut smiled but did not talk. 
She was dressed in a outfit similar to what many of the sluts 
were wearing. Her top consisted of a white satin blouse that 
was cut off just below the breasts and a red pleated skirt that 
barely covered her luscious ass. Although all the private parts 
appeared covered, but with little effort at all they could be 
exposed or fondled without having to rearrange the clothing. 
Anyone could easily slip their hands under the short blouse or 
skirt to feel the goodies without any fuss. This was the taste 
of "Roissy Society". Katrina told her slut to welcome the 
guest. The slut stepped up to me and kissed me gently of the 
lips. She then proceeded to kneel before and remove my dick 
from the open pants and placed her lips just over the tip of my 
cock. The slut was using her tongue to lick the piss hole. I 
was in shock. I tried to keep my cool by asking, "If the slut 
had a name". Katrina answered, "Her name is Crystal, but you 
can refer to her just as slut". I didn't know what to do. I 
wanted to feel the mouth of this lovely creature on my cock, 
but not at this very moment under the scrutiny of the two 
Mistresses. Katrina sensed my uneasiness and told Crystal to 
rise. Pamela asked, "Do you like this slut. Go ahead and feel 
if she meets your requirements". I really now appreciated how 
the blouse relatively camouflaged the movements of my hands on 
Crystals ample tits. But when I reached under her dress I felt 
the waist strap with the connecting slut strap through 
Crystal's loins. Katrina realized the impediment and ordered 
Crystal to bend over and lift her skirt. Crystal immediately 
obeyed and lean over using the amour for support. Katrina bent 
down and used her ring key to unlock the slut strap from the 
waist strap at Crystal's back. Katrina stood up and told me to 
remove the slut strap and have Crystal clean it with her mouth. 
As I removed the slut strap from Crystal, I saw Katrina use her 
ring key to open a draw in the amour. The draw contained 
several sex toys and two very nasty looking whips. I quickly 
felt that this slut strap also had a cunt and ass dildo built 
into it. This time I was prepared for the difficulty of 
removing the ass dildo. I again gave a good yank at the base of 
the ass dildo and it slowly came out. It wasn't as big as the 
ass dildo I pulled out of Carolyn's ass, but it was larger then 
my dick. The cunt dildo just slipped out and I unfastened the 
clip that held the slut strap in front. I held the slut strap 
in front of Crystals mouth and with no hesitation Crystal began 
to use her mouth to clean both dildos. The cunt dildo had come 
juice all over it, but the ass dildo was clean. I saw that 
Crystal cleaned the cunt dildo with relish, but gagged a little 
on the ass dildo. The sight of Crystal using her mouth to 
cleanse those two dildos got me horny again. I had never made 
love to a black girl before, but then again I never did a lot 
of things I experienced today. The "Roissy Society" kept the 
action coming and I was going to enjoy it as long as I could.
            Pamela with a laugh said, "You kids go and play, 
Mistress Katrina and I want to talk". Katrina quickly added, 
"Crystal you play nice with the guest or I'm going to have to 
try out my new whip in the dungeon on your ass". Crystal did 
not answer but walked quickly to the door. The door 
automatically slid open and once again we were in the bar area. 
The minute the door closed again and we were out of Katrina and 
Pamela's sight, Crystal jumped all over me. Her tongue made a 
bee line for my throat. Her hands were exploring my pants and 
my dick. She didn't stop for over five minutes. It was like 
they just let her out of a cage. I in turn had my hands all 
over her gorgeous body. I was feeling all the nooks and 
crannies. Finally Crystal asked, "If I was going to buy a girl 
a drink". I asked her wanted she wanted and Crystal replied  
"Absolute in shot glass straight up". I walked over to the bar 
with Crystal. The barmaid already had my whiskey ready when she 
asked if I wanted something for the slut. We did several shots 
watching the entertainment. The entertainment was Carolyn being 
paddled and fucked up the ass by the men at the bar. It was 
clear that Carolyn had already been used by a least four men 
and was now servicing number five. Crystal said she watched me 
punish Carolyn and orgasmed seven times during the course of 
the punishment. She only hoped that she would be given to me 
for my sexual use by her Mistress. Crystal asked, "If I ever 
had brown sugar before" and I nodded my head no. Crystal then 
said she was going to show me a time tonight that I would never 
forget. Crystal asked if we could move closer to the center of 
the bar and watch Carolyn perform. As we moved closer, I 
noticed that the gag had been removed from Carolyn's mouth and 
she was whimpering lowly as the man was fucking her up the ass. 
It didn't take too long before Carolyn got another dose of 
sperm in her rectum. The man didn't linger at all. Once he shot 
his load, he backed off of Carolyn and got a staff slut to 
clean his dick with mouth. I noticed that the man did return 
and drew a short vertical line on Carolyn's forehead with a 
magic marker lying on the bar. Carolyn now had five such lines 
on her forehead. Crystal had taken my hand and put it on top of 
her cunt. I knew what she wanted and I immediately began to 
finger her cunt. Crystal was in turn fondling me and asked if 
we could stay for a little while as she kissed me. I could have 
stayed forever. I was now getting my second wind and it felt good.
          In less then two minutes the sixth man approached 
Carolyn. He stood right next to her at the bar. When Carolyn 
saw his face, she immediately began to flirt with him. I could 
hear Carolyn politely asking the man to warm her up with the 
paddle and fuck her up the ass. The man was not buying and 
Carolyn persisted in her quest. I could hear Carolyn ever so 
discretely extolling the virtues of her ass and how she will 
make him very satisfied. She even offered for the man to 
squeeze her breasts to test their firmness. An offer the man 
took her up on. For about a minute or two this man was getting 
his squeezes in. Carolyn did everything in her power not to 
scream out. When she couldn't hold it in any longer, she cried 
out in a high screech that startled one of the barmaids. I saw 
the Asst. Manager hold up the gag and wave it before Carolyn's 
face in a menacing manner. Carolyn bit her lip. The man went 
back to his position besides Carolyn. It took at least several 
more minutes of carjoling by Carolyn before the man grabbed the 
paddle and took his position at Carolyn's side. I could see 
that the club had positioned a staff slut on her knees directly 
behind Carolyn to service the gentlemen as they whacked away 
with the paddle on Carolyn's ass. Carolyn's ass was as red as 
freshly polished fire engine on Fourth of July Day parade. 
Crystal was getting more excited as the man prepared for the 
first whack. The man was wasting no time on Carolyn as he hit 
hard and he hit often. I could feel the pussy juices in 
Crystals flowing as she watched the beating. She popped quickly 
and then steadily as my fingers locked onto her clit. Crystal 
was swaying her ass against my crotch. She politely asked if I 
wanted her to make me come here in the bar or save it for the 
dance floor. I was stunned. How stupid of me. Of course that's 
what they were doing in the back room. They were fucking in 
public to the music. The thought was an instant turn on. I 
could see that Crystal was still fascinated with the use of 
Carolyn, so we stayed. Subconsciously I couldn't help but 
compare my performance to the action happening before me. I was 
sure my performance was better. 
            I didn't take too long before the man was ready to 
take the pleasure of Carolyn's ass. He had hit her a good dozen 
or more times and at the end Carolyn was signing in pain. 
Meanwhile Crystal was like a never ending volcano, her lava 
kept flowing and flowing. Crystal complained I was wearing to 
much clothes and began to remove my sweater, shirt and 
undershirt. I was now naked from the waist up. The barmaid 
kindly put my clothes in a safe spot and told me I could get 
them anytime I wanted. Crystal was now licking my front from my 
stomach to my neck, but concentrating on my nipples. Crystal 
asked me to apply the red coating that the barmaids were 
wearing on there nipples to her breasts. I asked the barmaid 
for the stuff she had on nipples and she leaned over to let me 
suck her nipple. I took her up on the offer for a second, but I 
then clarified I wanted to apply it to Crystal's nipples. The 
barmaid replied, "So the slut wants her own spice" and came 
back with this glass container on a hot plate with the red 
sticky stuff melting inside. The applicator was a glass wand. 
Crystal immediately rolled her blouse up to expose those 
marvelous tits. They were like two large bowls of light hot 
chocolate. The nipples however were dark brown and protruding 
at least a half inch. You could see that Crystal was excited by 
the action. I moved the glass wand into the glass container and 
stirred it around making sure I had the red sticky stuff on it 
ready to apply to Crystal nipples. When I touched the glass 
wand to Crystal's nipples she jumped. She said the red sticky 
stuff was hot and could I suck on the nipples and make them 
wet. I quickly obliged Crystal and had my tongue bathing each 
nipple. I then again attempted to apply the red sticky stuff to 
Crystal's nipples. I heard a small sizzle as the sticky stuff 
touched my saliva, but Crystal didn't jump this time. I was now 
painting away. My object was to turn those dark brown nipples 
candy apple red. I went to the container several times to 
accomplish my goal. Crystal moaned a couple of times when the 
fresh hot sticky stuff touched her nipple but she hung in there 
and I had the sticky stuff covering both her nipples all around 
aureole. Crystal said that as the stuff dried on her could she 
apply just a little to my nipples. She said the sticky stuff 
was an aphrodisiac that worked on both men and women and kept 
them longer in the heights of ecstasy. I was in a good mood and 
allowed Crystal to proceed. The minute the sticky stuff touched 
my nipple, I jumped from the pain caused by the heat of the 
sticky stuff. Crystal laughed and apologized. She said I could 
take it out on her ass on the dance floor. She made sure my 
nipples were swimming in her saliva when she next made her move 
with the glass wand. In a minute she had coated my nipples with 
the red sticky stuff too. Crystal said that the women didn't 
require as much as the men to keep them aroused. I was getting 
aroused just by the sticky red stuff seeping in my skin. I 
could feel my dick was awake and ready for the next round.
              During our fun and games with the sticky red 
stuff, Carolyn was involved in her own fun and games. While I 
don't how much fun it was for Carolyn because she was signing 
the blues. The man was fucking away and had now grabbed both of 
Carolyn's breasts and was squeezing the life out of them. 
Carolyn was responding by bellowing out loud but short screams. 
As I watched Carolyn being humped, I pulled Crystal against my 
cock and began to finger her cunt again. Crystal began moving 
her ass in a circular movement in my crotch. She stopped for a 
second pulled my pants off and give them to the barmaid and 
started again. We both settled back to watch the final act of 
this episode that Carolyn was being put through. The man came 
with a loud grunt and several short moans. He then quickly 
exited Carolyn's ass. He too, once his dick was cleaned by the 
staff slut put his mark on Carolyn's forehead. At this point I 
noticed the Asst. Manager get on the phone. In a minute Pamela 
appeared and unlocked the slut strap from the back of Carolyn's 
waist. Pamela noticed us standing at the bar with our bare 
chests and painted nipples and said, "Having fun kids, go 
dance". I wanted to see what they was going to happen to 
Carolyn, so I stuck around for a little longer. I saw that 
Asst. Manager approach with a different slut strap. It looked 
like the same slut strap already inside Carolyn except the cunt 
dildo had no spikes and had a switch on the bottom. This was 
pleasure dildo. I watched as the Asst. Manager carefully remove 
the pain dildo with it spikes from Carolyn's cunt. This man had 
a lot of experience at this. The pain dildo was soaked with 
Carolyn's cunt juices. The Asst. Manager then proceeded to wipe 
this come off on Carolyn's sore ass. Carolyn stood still as the 
cunt juice was dripped on her toasted behind. When the Asst. 
Manager took his hand and rubbed the juice into Carolyn's ass 
she started to roll her ass and moan. Carolyn's ass was sore 
and it was going to hurt a lot more before the night was over. 
I watched as the Asst. Manager inserted the new dildo into 
Carolyn's cunt and arranged the large oval over her asshole. He 
then locked the slut strap shut at her back and turned on the 
vibrator. Carolyn was soon oohing and aahing and her ass began 
to dance. I saw a small smile come over the Carolyn's face. You 
can tell she was ecstatic that this pleasure dildo had replace 
the cruel pain dildo with its spikes. That smile disappeared 
quickly when the Asst. Manager produced this long thin whip and 
took the paddle away. As a test the Asst. Manager laid three 
good lashes to Carolyns's ass. Three welts were produced 
immediately. I could tell before the night's over the welts 
would rupture and Carolyn ass would start to bleed. The Asst. 
Manager now hung this wicked whip where the paddle had been 
before and went back behind the bar. Crystal was now ready to 
leave and so was I. I couldn't wait to see this dance floor and 
the people cavorting on it. As I was leaving I saw that Carolyn 
was still gyrating her ass as the vibrator was working its 
magic in her cunt. The gyrating quickly stopped as I saw a new 
gentleman pick up the whip and swing away at Carolyn's ass. It 
was going to be a long night for Carolyn. What I didn't knew 
was that it was going to be a long night for me also. 




ROISSY SOCIETY
Chapter 3B      "The Dance"
 
             We now proceeded down the open long narrow 
corridor that lead to the back room. All along this corridor as 
with the other walls of the club, there were rings and chains 
to secure a slut. I noticed that there were two such sluts 
chained to the wall. They were being teased by other sluts as 
they passed by. I saw a double swinging door from which several 
sluts were entering and leaving. I figured out this was the 
ladies room. I then realized I had to pee badly. Like a fool I 
asked Crystal where's the men's room at which point she broke 
out in laughter and couldn't stop for several minutes. When 
Crystal finally gained control of herself, she asked, "Do you 
think the "Roissy Society" really cares to provide privacy for 
the sluts from the viewing of their pussies by men as they 
urinated?" I felt stupid. I didn't know if I like the idea of 
the sluts watching me relieve myself, but I was always curious 
about what goes on in the ladies room. I just walked through 
the swinging door like there was nothing  different. This was 
room was different. This was no ordinary ladies room. There 
were no stalls. There was no toilets. There was a long narrow 
grating that ran half the length of the back wall with a douche 
behind it. There were sinks and there was a shower area, but 
there was no privacy. I watched as the sluts just squatted 
down, peed into the drain, douched themselves and leave. I 
moved to the grating. As I stood getting ready to relieve 
myself, a slut walked right next to me, lifted her little 
skirt, squatted down and let the little yellow stream flow, all 
the time looking up and smiling at me. She wasn't the least bit 
perturbed that she was peeing in public with a man standing 
next to her. In fact when she got up, she went right up to me 
and began to rub my ass and tried to pick me up. The "Roissy 
Society" never failed to surprise me. These women were sluts 
and loved every moment of it. They were totally free to let 
their sexual desires run rampart. I did my business into the 
drain and went to the sink area to met up with Crystal. Crystal 
was watching two sluts being prepared in the shower area. In a 
second, I was drawn into the scene before me.
              The shower area was an open large tiled alcove 
taking up half of this rectangular room. There were no shower 
heads. There were chains and hoses. The drain consisted of a 
narrow tiled trench with a strong steady stream of water 
running through it. In front of the tiled trench were a series 
of rotating iron tee bars about five inches off the floor with 
leg cuffs at each end of the horizontal to hold the spread legs 
of a slut. The verticle bar went into the tiled floor and 
prevented the slut from swinging. At the extreme left side of 
the shower area were two slut suspended a couple of inches over 
the tiled trench with her legs held open by the iron tee bar. 
The two were struggling in their suspension. The hoses were 
operated by the club's male staff or "Valets". I watched a slut 
approach the valet. She was asking for permission to shit. The 
valet frowned and pointed her to a vacant area over the tiled 
trench. However before proceeding to the tiled trench she 
stripped off her skimpy outfit and put it in a small bin. The 
slut then walked over to the trench, squatted down and allowed 
her feces drop into the tiled trench to be carried away by the 
strong stream of water. The slut stood up and waited for the 
valet. Crystal said she was about to be punished. I looked with 
astonishment at Crystal and asked why. Crystal explained that 
the sluts of the "Roissy Society" are given only one 
opportunity in the morning to rid themselves of all solid 
wastes. If a slut fails to defecate or requires to use the 
facilities to shit during the rest of the day or night she has 
broken the rules and must be punished. The punishment for this 
breach of the rules was usually several extended enemas to make 
sure that the slut won't have to go again for a while. In the 
case of failure to shit during the morning the slut is made to 
hold a quart of hot oil up her ass for several hours before be 
allowing to relieve herself. If the slut has failed to shit 
more then once during the week, a heavy duty anal evacuator 
suppository is added to the hot oil. Within minutes the slut is 
usually doubled over with cramps. Crystal said the "Roissy 
Society" controlled every aspect of a slut's existence. The 
"Roissy Society" took full control of a slut's body inside and out.
            I noticed as the valet approached this slut turned 
her back to him and put her legs into leg cuffs at each end of 
the spreader bar. The valet then locked the leg cuff shut and 
positioned the slut so that she was resting on her hands bent 
over the tiled trench. The valet then attached the gold 
bracelets on the slut's wrists to hooks in the tiles and locked 
her down. Bent over as the slut was now positioned over the 
tiled trench, her ass cheeks were pulled apart and her asshole 
clearly visible and available. I hadn't noticed these bracelets 
before, but there was one on each wrist and ankle of the slut. 
I looked at Crystal and sure enough she too was wearing these 
same four bracelets. I asked Crystal what the bracelets were 
for. Crystal explained, "Oh the slut bracelets, they were for 
the quick securing of a slut. There pretty aren't they". They 
were in fact very nicely engraved gold bracelets that could 
easily pass as jewelry. The "Roissy Society" penchant for 
understatement was again evident even in the means of securing 
their sluts. The valet left the slut secured over the trench 
and went to a cabinet on the side wall. In a minute or two he 
returned with a large brass syringe with a long black enema 
nozzle and a strange looking dildo. The dildo was black and 
long of medium thickness, but five inches from the rounded tip 
was a thick band running around the circumference of the dildo. 
 The minute I saw the syringe I knew its contents. I watched as 
the valet position himself behind the slut and squirted a 
little of the hot oil onto her exposed asshole for lubrication. 
He then quickly inserted the enema nozzle up her ass and with 
one plunge squirted the entire contents of the syringe into the 
slut's rectum. The slut screamed and struggled in her bonds, 
but all she could do was shake her ass. The valet took the 
syringe out and immediately inserted the dildo through the 
slut's anus. He pushed the dildo until it was buried up to the 
thick band and with one great push the valet got the thick band 
past the slut's anal sphincter muscle. The slut let out a great 
roar as the thick band entered her ass. Crystal said the thick 
band gets lodged behind the slut's anal sphincter and cannot be 
expelled by the wearer. The only way to dislodge the dildo was 
to have someone physically pull it out. The valet then let down 
some chains from the ceiling and attached them the slut's wrist 
and released the lock on the wrist bands. In a second the 
chains were being raised back up causing the slut to stand 
erect and eventual be suspended several inches from the tile 
floor. The valet simply stepped on a button and rotated the 
slut around to face him. The slut was now struggling quite 
actively in her suspension and moaning quite loudly. I just 
watched in awe as the valet enforced the rules of the "Roissy Society".
             The valet now walked over to the two sluts at the 
extreme left side of the shower alcove. I now realized were 
they were also struggling in their bonds. He nonchalantly 
yanked the two black dildos that were sticking out their asses 
with a hand on each one and quickly stepped away. The sluts let 
out a monstrous yell as the dildos were pulled out of their 
asses. In a second they were both shitting their brains out. A 
deluge of hot oil and crap poured out of their bodies and 
splashed against the back wall and floor. The sluts seemed to 
go on for minutes expurging their insides. During this time the 
valet stepped back to the hose base and grabbed a hose. When 
the sluts were finally finished disgorging the contents of 
their intestines, the valet turned on the hose. The water 
coming out of the hose was strong and cold. The valet first 
used the water to wash the hot oil and crap from the back wall 
and tiled floor. It took a little while but he got all the mess 
to flow into the tiled trench and washed away. He then moved 
the lever to the right and the spreader bar started to rotate 
turning the sluts around ass out. When the valet was confronted 
with the shit covered ass cheeks of the two sluts, he used the 
hose to clean the crap off the slut's ass cheeks. The sluts 
were screaming and struggling are the strong cold water 
attacked their asses. When the sluts' asses appeared reasonable 
clean, the valet first closed the cold water and attached an 
enema nozzle with some kind of shut off valve at its base. I 
saw that besides the lever there were two valves, one marked 
red and one marked blue. Crystal said the red valve controlled 
the hot soapy water and blue valve controlled the high pressure 
cold water line. Crystal further explained that the hot soapy 
water was a separate line and was less pressured then the cold 
water, but the hot water at full volume could cause a lot of 
pain as it was pumped up your colon. The valet reset the lever 
to the middle position and turned on the red valve all the way. 
He then stepped up to the first slut and without ado rammed the 
enema nozzle up her ass. He then opened the valve at the nozzle 
base and let the hot soapy water invade the slut's rectum. The 
valet held the nozzle in as the slut screamed and struggled in 
her chains. He let the hot soapy water flow into the slut's 
intestines for a good three minutes. I thought I could see the 
slut's stomach being inflated before the valet closed the valve 
on the enema nozzle. The valet then stepped on the floor button 
just to the left of the spreader bar and the bar started to 
rotate to the left causing the slut to face forward again. I 
noticed the valet didn't pull the enema nozzle out until the 
slut's ass was almost completely facing the back wall. The 
valet yanked the enema nozzle out and quickly stepped back 
while the hot soapy water rushed out of the slut's ass. After 
the initial force of the hot soapy water coming from the slut's 
ass subsided to just a trinkle, the valet now approached the 
second slut and repeated the whole enema process on her. I 
watched as the valet repeated the enema procedure on both sluts 
one more time before he finally cleaned them off with the cold 
water and released them to get dressed again. By the look on 
their faces you could see two sorry sluts, but who wouldn't 
have to shit for a while. By this time, I was eager to get to 
the dance floor and Crystal was more then ready. As I looked 
back, I saw the valet was working on the third slut. The rules 
of the "Roissy Society" was to obeyed at all costs and anyone 
breaking the rules was punished quickly and fully. I would 
later see these same two sluts on the dance floor cavorting in 
absolute sexual abandonment. The "Roissy Society" gave the 
sluts at times complete sexual freedom, but for the rest of the 
time the "Roissy Society" demanded and got complete control 
over the slut's body inside and out.
            I was hot to get to the dance floor. I was hotter 
to get my dick into Crystal. As we walked down the corridor, I 
noticed a large barred door guarded by an amazon dressed in 
sinister black leather outfit. I inquired of Crystal what's 
behind that door. Crystal gave a shake and said, "You don't 
want to go down there, it's the dungeon". I could tell Crystal 
wanted nothing to do with that floor. I asked Crystal who was 
that fat ugly bitch by the door. Crystal with anger replied, 
"Those ugly dyke sadists are the guards. They love to rape and 
whip pretty sluts. You don't want to deal with those bitches". 
One look at the guard by the barred door and I got the same 
feeling as Crystal. Little did I knew that a little down the 
line these big ugly bitches would venting the venom on my body. 
I heard a commotion in the corridor near the entrance to the 
back room. I looked and saw two of these big ugly guards grab a 
slut. She screamed and struggled to get away, but they had by 
the hair and arms. One guard grabbed both arms of the slut 
while the other guard put a gag in the slut's mouth. The gag 
looked like a big black wooden pear attached to a long strip of 
leather. I saw the guard shove the pear into the slut's mouth 
and start to wrap the leather strap around the slut's head a 
couple of times. The end of the strap was made of vicro and was 
easily attached to the rest of the strap. The guard then 
secured the slut's arms with hand cuffs. Once the slut was 
secured, the guard holding the front of the slut put a short 
choke leash over her head and then a hood. The guard in back 
then with a narrow leather strap pulled the elbows of the slut 
together. I knew that had to hurt, but it certainly caused the 
slut's breasts to stick out. The front guard yanked on the 
choke leash and the slut was forced to follow her. I saw the 
back guard remove a nasty looking quirt from belt and start to 
whip the slut into following her partner. As these two guards 
approached, I could see a big smile oh their faces. The slut 
was still struggling in vain. The gag couldn't stop the wails 
of the slut from being heard as she was dragged through the 
barred door and down to the dungeon. Pamela was shaking with 
terror. I asked, "What did she do". Pamela nervously said, 
"There doesn't have to be a reason. Any slut can be punished at 
the whim and fancy of her Mistress or anyone her Mistress 
designatess." I was starting to see that it wasn't all fun in 
the paradise called the "Roissy Society".
                When we finally got to the entrance of the back 
room, I could see a huge dance floor with incredible lighting 
effects. This back room was very large. It could easily fit 
several hundred people with room to spare. It looked somewhat 
empty with only sixty to seventy people dancing. Whatever the 
dancer lacked in numbers, they certainly made up for in action. 
Every where couples were engaged in sexual abandon. The room 
was completely black at this time while huge strobe lights cast 
an eerie light on the dancers. All I could make out was the 
action taking place and it was incredible. Only the percussion 
section of the band was playing, a drum set and two bongo 
players, while the dancers on the floor used these whips to 
excite themselves. The dancers were getting off on whipping 
each other. It took a while but I recognized the song, it was 
"We Got The Beat" by the Go-Go's, a great song. I told Crystal 
the song and asked if she recognized the song. She looked at me 
funny like how should I know. I could  see that rock and roll 
was not her strong suit. Watching the sixty to seventy people 
whipping each other in the strobe lights was the most erotic 
sight I had ever seen. I expected a very loose crowd. This 
crowd was beyond loose they were into total abandonment. They 
were out to stretch their sexual energy to the limit and 
beyond. I was starting to tap out the beat with hand on 
Crystal's ass as Crystal began rubbing her hands up and down my 
dick. Just then the guitars started up again with the melody. 
All of sudden the lights under the dance floor came alive and 
the stage bursted alive with light and action. I could now see 
the dancers clearly. The great majority of the couples were two 
sluts, but every so often I saw a slut and a valet. I even saw 
a couple of Mistresses rocking to the beat. I saw one Mistress 
rocking to the music as two sluts were servicing her from the 
front and back. When the lead singers joined the band all hell 
broke out I could see some sluts drop to the floor and go down 
on each other. In the middle of the dance floor I could see the 
biggest daisy chain I ever saw start to form. I think there 
were twenty or more sluts in a circle eating the pussy of the 
slut in front of her. Other sluts masturbated themselves with 
their fingers as they used the whip in their other hand to whip 
the daisy chainers into a greater frenzy if possible. All the 
valets by this time had their dicks implanted in a slut's cunt 
or ass. I noticed that a good number of slut's were wearing 
double dildos and banging their partners. I saw more then one 
slut being used front and back. The band was playing away and 
driving the dancers into greater excesses. One stage with the 
band were several couples fucking each other in front of 
everyone, for all to see and copy. Crystal was jumping to the 
music. I could see her tits pop out of the blouse with every 
bounce. I wanted to fuck Crystal real bad, but I decided that I 
wanted to do it during the next song. I watched this incredible 
orgy continue for another five minutes until the band finally 
played the last bar of the song. When the song ended my dick 
was standing straight out of my shorts. Crystal grabbed my dick 
and used her hold on my cock to drag me into the middle of the 
dance floor. I was ready to join the dancers. I had to admit 
that this crowd was an absolute delight. Gone was any 
pretension self-consciousness and pride. These people were into 
only one thing. They wanted to come and come and come again. 
This was their moment to let it all hang out and they were 
going to grab every single ounce of the sexual abandonment that 
the "Roissy Society" would let them have. In any moment they 
could be grabbed, chained and whipped at the whim and fancy of 
their Mistress, but right now they were free to take all the 
sexual gratification they could get and they weren't about to 
let these minutes pass without indulging to the max. I was 
falling deeper and deeper into the strange world of the "Roissy 
Society" and enjoying every scary second.
               With my luck just as we got to the middle of the 
dance floor, the song ended and the house lights came on. All 
around me were couples basking in the afterglow of their last 
orgasm. There was not a single person who had not engaged in 
some sort of sex act and they were just coming back to their 
senses. With the house lights on I could see the whole room. It 
was a giant square and as big as any grand ballroom in a classy 
hotel. The dance floor was made of some kind of plastic and had 
lights in every panel under it. What really startled me was the 
sight along the left wall. All along that wall was twenty to 
twenty-five naked sluts locked in place by the same type of set 
up as the shower alcove, their hands were held over their hands 
with chains descending from the ceiling, while their feet were 
locked into rotating leg spreaders. I asked Crystal who were 
those people and Crystal called them "Wall Flowers". She said 
they were chained their by their Mistresses for failing to 
sexually satisfy their Mistress sometime during the week. They 
are there to be whipped and fucked by dancers during the 
evening. I started to head off to the "Wall Flowers", when 
Crystal grabbed me by my underpants. Crystal angrily said, "I 
waited to long to get that gorgeous dick in my pussy to let you 
now go and play with the wall flowers. I promise we will play 
with the "Wall Flowers" in a little while, but this next song 
is strictly for you and me. I promise you won't regret it". At 
that moment, a slut with a whip in her hand came over and 
wanted to know if I wanted to dance with her. She was extremely 
fetching in her harem custom. I really liked how her pantaloons 
were not only transparent but had a wide open slit over her 
naked and shaved pussy. Crystal got ballistic. She grabbed the 
slut by her hair and pulled the whip out of the slut's hand. 
Crystal threatened to shove the whip handle up the slut's ass 
if she even looked again at me and gave the slut a push that 
sent flying to the floor. The slut got up quickly and without 
looking again in my direction fled in a different direction. 
Crystal was real proud of herself and beaming from ear to ear. 
Crystal was definitely surprised when I grabbed the whip and 
laid several good lashes on her body. But instead of being 
scared or in pain, Crystal was enjoying every moment. She 
wrapped her arms around me and assaulted my throat with her 
tongue. Crystal said that I needed to use the whip and beat her 
till my arm couldn't go any longer. She needed to feel me whip 
her especially on her tits and cunt. My cock like that idea. If 
this was a dream please let it go on for just one song more. I 
wanted Crystal at that moment more then any woman I ever 
wanted. I was about to get the best fuck of my life.
            I examined the whip. It had a long narrow stick for 
a handle and from it came twenty-five light nylon strips. It 
clearly lacked the strength and bite of the whip that was being 
used on Carolyn. Crystal saw me examine the whip and frown. 
Crystal called the whip a "Pussy Whip". She said it was perfect 
for the sluts to beat each other with all night long. You could 
whip your partner till your arm fell off and I all you could do 
to the partner's skin was turn it hot and red. The whip had no 
real bite at all on the ass and back, but was a great turn on. 
Crystal did point out that used strongly and accurately on the 
nipples and cunt lips the whip could cause a delightful heat 
and pain. Not a crippling pain like from a cat-o-nines tails, 
but lovely pain urging the slut on to greater pleasure. Crystal 
said that a male with a "Pussy Whip" could really get a good 
hot spot on a slut's cunt. I loved the idea. I had a whip that 
I could use as hard and as long as I wanted on the tits and 
cunt of Crystal and her only pain would be a desire to fuck. 
Crystal said I was going to enjoy lashing away in outrageous 
intensity without a single care that I could cause any real 
damage. It was the perfect whip for a novice and she was the 
perfect girl. Crystal again raped my mouth as she stroked my 
cock. It had melted down a little by now, but I was sure it 
would be rock hard again when the whip made contact with 
Crystal's sweet pussy. I was going to light a fire in Crystal's 
cunt and I knew exactly how I was going to put the fire out. I 
was for these next minutes embrace the "Roissy Society" fantasy 
like I was born with it. For this song I would a member of the "Roissy Society".  




ROISSY SOCIETY
Chapter 3C      "The Dance"
 
            The dancers were getting impatient. It had been 
over five minutes since the last song ended and the dancers 
wanted to get back in action. All around me, the dancers were 
getting back to heavy petting. The were reacquainting 
themselves with their partners body cavities. A staff slut was 
handing out little pouches of skin lotion. I saw the dancers 
grab the pouches and proceed to rub it into their partners 
bodies. Crystal grabbed two pouches. In a minute I was rubbing 
the skin lotion deep into Crystal's pussy. I noticed that many 
of sluts were showing shiny red tits and pussies after the 
lotion was applied. I could now see the effects of the "Pussy 
Whip" on the slut's bodies and I liked it. It started slowly 
but soon the crowd was calling in unison "Whipping Post, 
Whipping Post". They were shouting, "We want Whipping Post". I 
asked Crystal if someone was going to be whipped at a post now. 
Crystal looked at me strangely like I should know the crowd was 
calling a for a song. I asked Crystal if the song had a chorus 
that went like, "I'm Chained to The Whipping Post and I Feel 
Like I'm Dying". Crystal with astonishment said, "Yeah, that's 
the song. You actually know about it. It's a real song". I told 
it was a real song done by the Allman Brothers and probably 
known by most of the South. Crystal was amazed, she thought 
this band made it up. As I said, Crystal was not into 
Rock'n'Roll, but she was into fucking and that's all that 
mattered at this minute. The crowd got louder and I joined in 
the shouting with Crystal. The women lead singer who's tits and 
ass were clearly on display went to the microphone and said, 
"You people are animal sluts. You want "Whipping Post" you got 
"Whipping Post" for the next forty minutes. Get ready to 
party." With that the house lights went out and band broke into 
the guitar attack. The crowd went bananas. I was trying to 
figure if I ever heard a forty minute version of "Whipping 
Post" before. When the spot light showed a male lead guitarist 
wailing away on his guitar as his dick sticking out, I knew 
this was going a very different version of "Whipping Post" then 
I'm used to. I was about experience a rendition of "Whipping 
Post" that I would never forget. After experiencing the 
rendition of "Whipping Post" as performed by this band, I would 
forever think of the Allman Brothers as choir boys.
                 The sound system was very good and so was the 
band. They actually played very well. They went to a two drum 
setup like the original Allman Brothers to drive the beat 
forward. Crystal began to bounce to the beat. It was delightful 
to watch Crystal's tits and pussy come into view as the skimpy 
coverings lifted up as Crystal bopped to the beat. I couldn't 
stop watching the scene around me. There was enough girl flesh 
on the dance floor to keep a platoon of soldiers happy and the 
slut's were displaying all their wares in the most provocative 
ways. You couldn't help but get sucked into this outrageous 
sexual free for all. Crystal motioned for me to suck her 
nipples. She was a little unprepared when I immediately started 
to nibble at the red sticky stuff on her nipple, but she 
quickly got to like it. Whatever was in this sticky stuff it 
was effective. My rod was rigid again in a short time. I looked 
stupid wearing a hardon coming through my underwear. In the 
spirit of the mood that prevailed in this room, I removed my 
briefs and tossed it into the crowd. I didn't see where it 
landed but I heard a girlish squeal a moment later. Later in 
the evening, I saw a slut dressed only in a pair of men's brief 
and it looked good on her. As the band played, the dancers 
moved from conventional dirty dancing to being plain dirty. 
Couples from the dance floor would ascend the stage and put on 
their own exhibition of lewdness to inspire their fellow 
dancers on the floor. I was pleased when I saw that several 
valets were not bashful to display their prowess in exciting 
their slut or in the case of one valet his two sluts. On the 
dance floor, from time to time, numbers of sluts would get 
together and form one large groping mass of girl flesh. Crystal 
made sure that I paid attention only to her. Crystal was not 
about to share me with any other slut. She wanted my cock only 
for her sexual pleasure. I tried to be cool, but I was totally 
lost. I had lost all concept of time and reason. I had 
progressed from nibbling on Crystal's breasts to actually 
taking some healthy bites. Poor Crystal would be sporting my 
teeth marks on her tits for several days. Instead of 
discouraging me from this conduct, Crystal was urging me on 
further to greater excesses. Just when I thought I had seen 
everything, the stage show was about to begin.
          After at least fifteen minutes of non stop kick ass 
music the band went into the drum break and the crowd went 
crazy. Even Crystal was screaming at the top of her lungs. They 
were screaming, "Whipping Post, Whipping Post, Whipping Post". 
Crystal with a knowing smirk said, "Now a slut is going to 
taste the whip at the post". I noticed that as the dancers 
chanted "Whipping Post, Whipping Post" they waved their "Pussy 
Whips". I realized that the dancers were getting ready to use 
the whips on each other again. I was ready for that, but I was 
not ready for the show they were calling for so eagerly. In a 
instant the room went completely black as smoke started to 
raise for the stage. A single spot light lit the stage and I 
could now clearly see the smoke. Out of the smoke I saw a large 
round brown wooden post like a telephone pole raise up from the 
stage floor. When the wooded post had reached seven feet high 
it stopped raising. From the right hand side of the stage I 
could plainly hear the screaming of a woman. In a short time I 
could see three figures making their way across the stage. I 
could see a man and woman dragging a hooded woman in a plain 
white sheet with large red "R"s stenciled on both sides. It 
remained me of the penitent gown the victims were made to wear 
at their public execution during the Inquisition. The man and 
the woman had their arms locked inside the arms of the 
struggling woman. I didn't have to be told that the draggers 
were a "Valet" and "Guard" while the person being dragged was a 
"Slut". The slut had her wrists circled by a wide black leather 
band and held together in front of her by a small chain locked 
to the leather wrist bands. The Valet and Guard easily dragged 
the slut forward despite her struggles. The slut was struggling 
and screaming at the top of her lungs. If this was all a show 
the slut was putting on, it was very realistic performance. The 
Valet was dressed only in black leather briefs that was also 
cut out to expose his dick which was enclosed in a clear 
plastic material like a condom. Again I noticed that a round 
whole was cut out in the back of his briefs over his anus. The 
Guard was dressed in a red leather corset with a slut strap 
attached to her corset. The slut strap was a lot like the slut 
strap that Carolyn was now wearing, but it had a big 
difference. This slut strap also had a pleasure dildo in the 
guard's pussy and a large oval showing her asshole like 
Carolyn's, but this pleasure dildo was a double dildo. The 
Guard looked like she had a cock growing out of her cunt. This 
artificial penis was big round and spiked. It didn't look like 
anything I would want stuck up my cunt. The dildo was 
frightening. I was hypnotized by the scene being played out 
before me. I knew this was only a show, but it was the most 
erotic show I had ever witnessed. The "Roissy Society" was 
putting on its best effort to keep their members in a frenzy. 
          Crystal had snuggled tight against me now. She was 
stroking my pole and whispering in my ear. She was asking how I 
felt. She said that the slut being whipped was being punished 
for being AWOL. Her Mistress had given the slut a four day trip 
to the Bahamas as a reward and she took seven days before 
coming back. The slut was a runaway for three days and running 
away was the most serious infraction of the "Roissy Society" 
rules. I said she came back what was the problem. Crystal said 
that for three days her Mistress did not know where the slut 
had gone. Anytime a slut is missing even for an hour over the 
time she should report, an alarm must be sent throughout the 
"Roissy Society" network. When a slut is missing for then 
twenty-four hours all the locks are reprogrammed and the slut's 
Mistress has to remove herself and her property from her house. 
Security is the number one concern of the "Roissy Society" and 
any breach of this security is treated seriously. The fact this 
was a false alarm because the slut returned did not diminish 
the severity of the breach in security. The sluts from time to 
time fail to be punctual either because of laziness or to test 
their Mistress, but they seldom remain out of contact for more 
then a couple of hours. This slut took three days before she 
made contact with her Mistress again. She had taken a boat ride 
to one of the outer islands and just forget about her 
responsibilities to the "Roissy Society". The slut made a big 
mistake and now she was going to pay the price for her 
misbehavior. The punishment for the first failure to report 
back on time is a severe whipping and sixty days retraining. 
The punishment for the second offense of failure to report on 
time is a more severe whipping and forced retirement from the 
"Roissy Society". The society never allows a third breach of 
security by a member. This poor slut was about to receive a 
whipping she would not forget for a long time. I was surprised 
how eager and excited Crystal was to see the slut punished. 
Crystal said it always got her wet to see another slut suffer 
under the lash and it made her even hotter when she could share 
the experience with a partner especially a man. All the sluts 
enjoyed watching the punishment of other sluts. The "Roissy 
Society" trained their sluts to enjoy watching other sluts 
being put through their paces. Crystal couldn't wait to watch 
the slut on stage get really whipped as she was lashed with the 
toy pussy whip. I was getting real hot just thinking about it also.
            The Valet and Guard milked the dramatics for all it 
was worth. They took their time dragging the slut to the 
whipping post. When they finally dragged to the post, they 
turned her so her back was to the post and her front faced the 
dancers. From the whipping post a hook emerged just above the 
slut's head. The valet and guard took the chain connecting the 
slut's wrist and lifted it until the middle link was placed in 
the hook. A spreader bar was connected to the slut's ankles and 
then to the whipping post itself forcing the slut to keep her 
legs spread wide open. The hook then rose a few inches higher 
causing the slut to stand on her tippy toes. I watched in awe 
as a wicked looking pain dildo with spikes was shoved up the 
slut's cunt by the valet and with an angle brace attached to 
the whipping post. Crystal remarked that this slut was going to 
feel this whipping inside and outside of her pussy. This slut 
was now attached to the whipping post by the chain locked on 
her wrists, by her ankles locked into the spreader bar and 
lastly by the pain dildo lodged in her cunt. When the slut was 
fully secured to the whipping post, the valet ripped the white 
sheet from the slut's body. She was naked except for this 
strange bra. It looked like two circles of black leather with 
the center cut out to let the tits stick through. However the 
leather circles had a wide strip of leather that ran around the 
circumference of each tit at their base. On top of this leather 
strip was a shiny band of metal with a turn key sticking out. 
As the valet and guard turned the key, the metal band started 
to compress each tit along the circumference of its base. The 
effect was to cause each tit to swell out in front and make the 
nipples stick out further. The nipples themselves were painted 
black for effect. The crowd was very quiet as the valet and the 
guard prepared their whips. The whip was a medium length 
snakeskin lash. I watched them as they worked a solution into 
the body of the whip. Crystal said it was a pungent mustard 
solution. That during the course of the lashing this solution 
would work into the open skin of the slut and attack the 
fragile nerve endings causing increased pain. Crystal said she 
hoped the slut really enjoyed those three days because she was 
about to regret her actions very much. Crystal was getting 
hotter and hotter as I could feel her cunt juices flowing over 
my fingers in her pussy. As Crystal stroked my dick, I got the 
feeling this was going to be best whipping I ever saw.
        The valet and the guard took their respective positions 
to the right and left of the slut. The drums started to beat a 
steady drum roll like at a military exercise. In a second the 
two snakeskin whips were in action. The valet and the guard had 
delivered the first lash to the slut's upper tits and the whips 
crisscrossed the slut's breasts. The two welts left by the lash 
were clear in the spotlight trained on the slut's breasts. I 
noticed that the slut was not gagged at all. The crowd went 
wild as the slut roared out her first scream. With the first 
lash the lights went dark except for the spot light on the slut 
attached to the whipping post and these credible strobe lights. 
The two drummers and rest of the percussionists in the band 
went back to playing the song. With this the room broke out 
into a whipping orgy. All around me the dancers were using 
their whips in coordination with the punishment of the slut 
attached to the whipping post. It was the most incredible sight 
I had ever seen. Sixty to seventy people whipping each other in 
time with the band and the lashes being inflicted on the slut 
attached to the whipping post. In a second, Crystal was on her 
hands and knees on the floor sucking my cock and wriggling her 
ass. I knew she wanted to feel the pussy whip on her ass and I 
swung away. In a minute, I was totally caught up in the scene 
happening all around me. The pussy whip was so light that it 
took no effort at all to rain down lashes on Crystal vibrating 
ass. The harder I whipped Crystal the harder she sucked my 
cock. The only sounds coming from Crystal were instructions to 
hit harder and faster. I could see why the sluts loved this 
whip on their ass. It was totally ineffective except to warm 
the skin a little. The same could not be said about the 
snakeskin whips being used on the slut attached to the whipping 
post. These whips were causing the welts to rupture and bleed. 
The slut was beginning to look like a zebra with red stripes. 
Although the drums were blasting away, the slut's screams were 
still audible. For a good ten minutes the valet and guard 
lashed away at the slut's tits, stomach and pubes without 
relent. The slut was a bloody mess and finally fainted. I was 
at the verge of coming into Crystals mouth when the whipping 
stopped. I thought the whipping was over and I was disappointed 
and wanted the slut to suffer longer. Crystal stood up and 
kissed me passionately. I told that I was upset that the show 
had ended so soon because I was on the verge of coming. Crystal 
laughed and said the show had just begun as she pushed my head 
down on her tits to nibble again on the red sticky stuff on her 
nipples. Crystal explained the valet and the guard were only 
resoaking their whips in the burning mustard solution and 
changing positions. In a minute the slut would be revived and 
the whipping would continue. I was elated. I wanted to see the 
slut attached to the whipping post suffer some more. I had lost 
all compassion for the slut's plight. I only cared about the 
sensation in my loins and maximizing my pleasure. The "Roissy 
Society" had me totally in its grip and I was its very willing prisoner.
 



ROISSY SOCIETY
Chapter 3D      "The Dance"
 
          I watched the valet and guard liberally soak the 
stinging mustard solution into their whips. During this 
preparation, an another slut approached the whipped slut 
attached to the whipping post and started to wipe the surface 
blood off the whipped slut's body with a wet white rag. After 
just a minute of this wiping the whipped slut woke up and began 
bellowing her lungs out. The slut wiping her down never stopped 
with the rag and her wiping actions. By the smile on this 
slut's face I could tell she enjoyed torturing the slut 
attached to the whipping post. I asked Crystal what caused the 
whipped slut to wake up and scream out in pain. Crystal 
explained that the rag being used had a primentade solution on 
it. The greasy solution contained a strong antiseptic and a 
skin lotion to prevent scarring from the lash. However it also 
contained lemon juice and salt crystals which caused incredible 
pain to the open wounds. In a minute the whipped slut's skin 
was wiped clean of the surface blood but the bloody lash marks 
were still evident. Crystal told me I needed to whip her harder 
in her anal crevice. I was to whip her directly down the middle 
of her ass so the pussy whip could bend around and catch her 
nether lips. Crystal needed to feel the burn of the pussy whip 
on her cunt. The valet and the guard now switched positions so 
that the valet was now standing to the right of the slut 
attached to the whipping post while the guard was now standing 
to the left. In a flash the beating recommenced. The drummers 
had never stopped, they only played softer, but once the 
whipping started again they were in an instant banging away at 
the drums at full volume. The dancers began screaming and 
yelling as they went back to beating each with their pussy 
whips. In a second, I felt Crystal again attacking my rigid rod 
with her soft mouth. It took a minute or two before I was back 
into the fantasy world, the dancers and the strobe lights once 
again had me in its grip. As I watched the slut attached to the 
whipping post again being beaten with a vengeance, my 
concentration was making the pussy whip sting Crystal's pubes. 
It took a little while to adjust my stroke so it made contact 
with Crystal's cunt lips, but once I found the mark I whacked 
away in a steady rhythm. I could hear Crystal start to moan and 
work her mouth harder on my cock. I don't know how long I was 
lashing Crystal's cunt with the pussy whip, when I saw the 
valet and guard stop as the slut slipped into unconsciousness 
again. I was even more upset because I was about to explode any 
second. Instead of stopping the guard just went to the whipping 
post and removed the pain dildo from the slut's cunt. The guard 
without hesitation now inserted her dildo in the slut's cunt 
and began to fuck her with abandon. The valet now used his whip 
on the guard's ass to drive her on. The band now came alive 
again belting out the chorus and melody as the slut came back 
to life. The slut was once again loud enough to be heard over 
the band. This new scene of the slut being fucked by the guard 
drove my cock to explode in Crystal's mouth. I felt my whole 
body explode with feeling as my come spurted and filled 
Crystal's mouth. I stood motionless as Crystal slurped up every drop of my come. 
        Crystal was up and at my mouth in a second. I could 
taste my come on her tongue and I licked it up. Crystal seemed 
proud she had me orgasm so hard. I was worried that the song 
was over and I just blew my chance to fuck Crystal. I asked if 
this was it and Crystal replied. "Do you think I would let you 
come without having that cock explode in my pussy. This is just 
a pause before the grand finale. I guarantee you know when this 
song is over. The strobe lights had stopped and only the center 
spot light was on. I could see the slut being taken down. I 
thought her whipping was over when I saw then reattach her to 
the whipping post with her ass out to the crowd. It took only a 
minute but the slut was attached again by her wrists and legs 
in the spreader bar. I saw this time a large pleasure dildo was 
inserted in the slut's cunt and attached to the whipping post. 
I had thought that maybe they were getting a little softer with 
the slut, when I saw the valet and the guard get new whips. 
These were your basic bull whips, long and lean and guaranteed 
to cut the skin with each lash. I could hear the slut pleading 
as the valet and the guard took some practice strokes on the 
stage. This slut was about to wish she never went to the 
Bahamas in the first place. My dick was not hard and I was 
afraid that I might have shot my last load. Crystal was sure 
that she could get me horny and hard again. Crystal said that 
during this portion of the lashing of the slut attached to the 
whipping post, she would suck from underneath exposing her tits 
and cunt to the pussy whip. I was to whip away with all my 
might on her nether lips until they turned red and hot. When 
the music and floor lights came on again I was to stick my dick 
in her pussy and fuck her until I came again. It sounded real 
good, I only hoped I could perform. I heard the bull whips hiss 
through the air and make contact with the slut back. I could 
see two lines of ruby red blood dots form where the bull whip 
had just made contact with the slut's back. Once again the 
strobe lights and drummers were back in action. I could see the 
pussy whips from the dancers around swing into action. I could 
also sense the new urgency in their lashes. Everyone was 
working themselves up to the big finale. Crystal was laid out 
before me with her legs wide open and her cunt on full display. 
I brought the whip down with all my might on the two nether 
lips and Crystal jumped for the first time. I could tell I 
finally made her feel the lash. I saw a smile on Crystal face 
as she rotated her pelvic area in a lewd invitation to 
continue. I was determined to turn her pussy red as I began 
slash away at the exposed cunt. On stage the valet and the 
guard were trading lashes. The slut attached to the whipping 
post was screaming but no longer had the energy to be heard. 
The valet and the guard were now concentrating on her ass. This 
poor slut won't sit down for a month after they finished with 
her. The dancers all around were out of control. You could hear 
by the sound of the pussy whips hitting their partner's flesh. 
The dancers were using all their strength and not holding 
anything back. I was in tune with the dancers. As I watched the 
slut attached to the whipping post being turned into chopped 
meat, I swung away at Crystal cunt with all my strength. 
Crystal was working my joy stick with abandon. She was now 
taking little nibbles with her lips to work the feeling back 
into my dick. As I felt the pussy whip finally bite into 
Crystal's cunt my cock came alive. I found the harder I hit the 
more I could feel my sex juices start to flow. It took a while 
but I was hard again and ready for action. Crystal now began 
squeezing my balls. She knew she had me primed and she wasn't 
going to miss out on that hard cock in her flaming pussy this time.
         All of a sudden the action changed. The strobe lights 
died and the dance floor and stage lights burst to life. The 
band began to play with renewed energy. I could hear the lead 
singers wailing out the song again. I could see the valet had 
approached the slut, and was fucking her up the ass while the 
guard had squatted behind the valet with her tongue in his ass. 
I saw the dancers going down on each other. A clear thin round 
plastic barrier was raising from the dance to make a large 
enclosed circle. Crystal pulled me into the middle of this 
circle. On the inside edge of this plastic circle I saw a 
gigantic daisy chain forming again. Next to me several couples 
were humping each other to the music. I saw a valet throw his 
slut down on her stomach on the floor and proceed to fuck her 
up the ass. Crystal pulled me down to the dance floor. That 
very second jets of warm oil started to spray from the upper 
rim of the round plastic barrier. I was being bathed in this 
warm slippery oil. In an instant it was all over body and in my 
hair. Crystal's clothing was soaked in this oil as was the rest 
of her body. Everyone inside the round plastic barrier was 
swimming in this stuff. It made every body shine with a new 
intensity from the floor lights. It was the most erotic feeling 
I ever experienced. In didn't take long for me to shove my dick 
into Crystal's open and waiting pussy. We were locked in the 
throes of passion riding the waves of sexual abandonment while 
the music and the lights drove us to a higher level of passion. 
I lost all concept of time. I was in this cocoon of sensual 
delight. I don't how and when it happened, but all I knew that 
somehow I was lying on back on the dance floor while Crystal 
was on top of me bouncing up and down on my pogo stick. Several 
times Crystal would lean over so I could bite the red sticky 
stuff off her nipples. I just laid back closed my eyes and let 
Crystal work her pussy up and down on my cock. All along the 
music blasted away driving me into a higher state of sexual 
bliss. It started slowly in my balls but quickly began building 
up. At this point my ass was off the dance floor matching 
bounce for bounce with Crystal. Crystal reached back and 
somehow got her slippery finger in my ass and began to wriggle 
her finger inside my anus. I could hear the screams of ecstasy 
from the dancers around as they exploded in orgasms like a mat 
of firecrackers on the Fourth of July. In a minute I had joined 
the chorus as the sperm shot through my dick and up into 
Crystal's hungry cunt. Crystal sensing my explosion got her 
hand on my balls and milked every once of fluid out of them. 
Crystal had long ago began vocalizing her own orgasms as they 
came in a strong and steady progression. I had no idea how long 
we were both riding these tidal waves of sexual energy, but as 
the band played the last cords we both collapsed on the oil 
drenched dance floor in exhaustion. I had undoubtedly just 
experienced the greatest fuck of my life.
      When the music was finally over, I was elated. I had just 
had the most incredible orgasm of my life. Even my wildest 
fantasies could not match the last forty minutes. Even though 
every ounce of energy from my body was drained, I still had 
this incredible urge to party. I wanted to check out the "Wall 
Flowers" chained to the left wall. Unfortunately I was not 
getting the same vibes from Crystal. I felt that Crystal had 
all of a sudden turned somber and I didn't know why. Crystal 
had turned from a ball of energy to being very quiet. I asked 
Crystal what was the matter and she didn't answer. I asked if 
it had something to do with me?  I asked if she wasn't supposed 
to have sex with and she laughed at little.  She said that sex 
was not the problem at all. That our dance together was one the 
greatest times she has ever had in the "Roissy Society". When I 
pressed for an explanation Crystal only replied "I let my 
hormones take over my brain". I was confused. I as sure I had 
somehow over stepped my bounds with Crystal when Pamela and 
Katrina appeared. When Crystal saw Katrina she went white and 
immediately sank to her knees in the classic supplication 
position. I could see that Katrina was not happy. On the other 
hand Pamela was in a great mood. Pamela had her hands all over 
me and was laughing. Pamela asked if I had enjoyed the dance as 
if she didn't know the answer. I frankly told her it was the 
greatest fuck of my life and she smiled. She said, "The Roissy 
Society has been good to you". I told her the "Roissy Society" 
has been the most exciting surprise of my life. Pamela turned 
serious and asked, "Are ready to continue your initiation into 
the "Roissy Society" fantasy". After the last forty minutes 
with Crystal, I was ready to march into hell. Little did I know 
the rules of conduct were about to change. Pamela began to hug 
me and talk softly in my ear how it was time for us to get it 
on. With an impish grin I asked, "Do you wanna dance". Pamela 
with a little laugh quickly turned that proposal down. All of a 
sudden I got the very distinct feeling that Pamela had a 
completely different agenda. I was about to be initiated into 
the darker side of "Roissy Fantasy". I was about to be on the 
receiving side of the "Roissy Fantasy".
             In front of me the Mistress Katrina was venting 
her rage on her Slut Crystal. I started to pay close attention 
when Katrina reared back and slapped Crystal across the face 
with all her might. That was no love tap. Crystal started to 
sob, but didn't move or speak. Katrina was now talking very 
loud. Katrina was screaming at Crystal, "So you didn't think I 
would see. I actually thought that you could get away with 
disobeying your Mistress. You were a foolish girl and now going 
to pay". With that Katrina turned around to the open passage 
way and yelled for the guards. I don't know where they came 
from about in a flash two big ugly women in black leather 
corsets appeared. Katrina pointed to Crystal and said "Take her 
to the dungeon". Crystal fell of the floor and began wail away. 
I was about to make a move to aid Crystal when Pamela grabbed 
me. In a very calm and soothing manner she said I couldn't help 
Crystal. All I could do was make matters worse. Crystal had 
just made a very big mistake and she knew it. I asked. "What 
did Crystal do wrong? Was she not supposed to have sex with 
me?" Again I heard that little laugh. Pamela assured me that it 
was not the fact that Crystal and I just had that incredible 
sexual experience, it was the manner it which it was done. The 
sluts are not to engage in regular sexual intercourse with a 
male unless given permission by their Mistress or ordered to do 
so by the valet. The sluts are to have anal intercourse with 
the valets as a general rule. The Mistresses reserve the 
privilege of having straight sex with the valets. That doesn't 
mean that the sluts are never fucked in their cunt by the 
valets. In fact the Mistresses often to reward a slut with the 
right to be pleasured by the valet in her pussy. The valets 
often seek and are often granted permission to use a particular 
slut in the manner he may choose. However it is a privilege and 
not a right the sluts and the valets could take without their 
Mistress's permission. I asked if that was just a little bit 
mean of the Mistresses to deny the sluts sexual use of the 
cunt. Pamela said the sluts are fucked in their pussies all the 
time by their Mistress. Not a day goes by that the slut doesn't 
feel a nice hard cock in her cunt. Just that most of the times 
the cock belongs to her Mistress. The sluts and valets are the 
property of the Mistress and they exist for the Mistress's 
pleasure. The sexual use of the sluts by the valets was for 
discipline and control. Crystal knew that Mistress Katrina and 
I have something special planned for you and we wanted to be 
the one to initiate you in your first regular intercourse  
session. Even the position that Crystal took riding you to 
orgasm is called the Mistress position. A slut is never allowed 
to take such liberties with a valet especially in public. In 
some ways Crystal showed you disrespect by taking advantage of 
your naiveti as to the proper respect show a man. I am sure if 
you know that being fucked like that in public by a slut is 
considered a sign of weakness by the "Roissy Society" you would 
not have allowed it. With a big smile Pamela said it's known in 
Crystal's neighborhood as being "Dissed by the Bitch". My 
sympathy for Crystal's plight was waning fast. I now had a new 
worry. What was that something special that Mistress Pamela and 
Katrina had planned for me. All of a sudden I had the feeling 
that it was going to be a different experience.
            I watched in amazement as the guards took control 
of Crystal. In a second they pinned Crystal on her stomach on 
the dance floor. One guard held her arms while the other guard 
slapped the handcuffs on. They looked just like the police 
until they added the narrow leather strap on the forearms to 
pull the elbows together. I knew that had to hurt. They picked 
her up like she was a rag doll. Crystal looked bad like a cat 
drenched in oil. One guard stood in front and as the other 
guard went behind Crystal. The guard standing behind Crystal 
pulled out that black wooden pear gag attached to the long 
leather strap. Crystal resisted for a moment, but a wicked 
punch by the guard in front to Crystal stomach ended any 
struggle on Crystal's part. As Crystal gasped for air the rear 
guard shoved the wooded pear gag in her mouth and began to wrap 
the leather around Crystal's head. After three wraps the guard 
secured the strap by it's vicro connections. The guard in front 
then put a choke leash over Crystal's head to rest on her neck 
and shoulders. The hood was the last item placed on Crystal by 
the guards. After Crystal was secure, the guards brought her to 
stand before her Mistress. Katrina was still fuming that the 
slut had stolen her thunder and used her pussy to pleasure the 
guest before her. Katrina turned to the guards and barked out 
their orders. Upon reaching the dungeon the slut was to be hung 
up by her feet with her legs spread wide apart and her cunt 
prominently displayed. The guards were to apply a full 
urtication to Crystal's pubes with the "Devil Nettles" and then 
in coordination apply fifty lashes to the sluts cunt with a 
flogger. That this procedure is to be repeated every hour until 
order by Mistress Katrina to stop. I know Crystal could hear 
the punishment ordered by Katrina because you could hear a 
noise and started to squirm in the guards grip. With the 
pronouncement by Katerina, the guards started to drag Crystal 
away to the dungeon. The guard in back removed her quirt and 
began to swing away at poor Crystal's ass. I heard the front 
tell Crystal, "We haven't had a pretty little black slut to 
work over in a while. We going make you regret that fuck". My 
heart was in my stomach as I watched them whip and drag Crystal 
to the barred door and down the steps to the dungeon. I had a 
feeling my turn was next. All along I knew that the pleasures I 
had taken first with Carolyn and then Crystal came with a price 
and now it was time to pay the piper. I looked at Pamela with 
fright. Pamela used the line from "Who's Afraid of Virgina 
Wolf" it's time to "Get the Guest". I turned to Pamela and 
said, "I guess it's too late to stop now". Pamela grabbed me my 
arm and stuck her tongue in my mouth as Katrina slipped the 
handcuffs on my wrists. The "Roissy Society" had just bagged a 
new one. I was extremely frightened, but I was also extremely 
excited. I was afraid even to think what these two had 
specially planned for me, but the suspense was exciting my 
libido again. I didn't struggle as Katrina removed my party 
mask and placed the hood came over my head. I felt like a lamb 
being led to slaughter, but even that thought was beginning to 
turn me on. Without knowing it I had become the willing victim 
of the "Roissy Society" fantasy and I was still enjoying it. 

(Note from Stories-OnLine.net: This is all)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mike Dee


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





