BDSM Library - The Return




The Return
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Lovely blond returns to the man  she loves and finally gives in to her deep need for submission and sex.
The Return
by mindtrvler@webtv.net




The Return
Part 1 (M/f F/f)

Quick Prolog:
I have been away for a while after writing several well received
stories. This one I will try to continue. Please read the end.  If you
are under age, the Star Wars sites are very good. 

To get to the action I will give a brief summery and biography of
characters.

"s" has returned to her dominant ex-lover after a 5 year separation. He
life was empty and her submissive side unfulfilled. The story starts a
month or so after their reunion. They were together for 3 years. 

"s"  32 years old, blond, 5'7", 120lbs with very ample tits. Very high
intelligence .

John, her Master, 6' 35 years old, 200lbs, brown hair, green eyes. and
for the ladies an 8 inch, pecker. He is a successful construction
contractor in a small southwestern town.

Lola, John's Domme friend/ lover. They meet a couple of years ago. She
lives in a large city about 90 miles from John. She is 29 years old and
Bi sexual with a slave "twat". Lola is 5'10" Brown and brown about 135
with big tits. She owns several businesses, mostly inherited. One is a
large porn shop.

twat, Lola's slave lover. 5'2" 19 years Auburn hair with blue eyes. 105
lbs. Her breasts are very large for her size, as Lola had them enlarged.
twat is a lesbian. This makes it a major pleasure for Lola to make her
preform on men, especially black men as twat hails from the deep south.


After the first happiness and glow of the lover's reunion started to
wain and after several B/d sessions, John explained to s how things will
be: " From now on you will be my slave, no shit about it. I do love you
but that is our lifestyle if you want to stay. When we are around the
normal world I will treat you like my wife and lover and I will not
disrespect you, but from now on you will obey me at all times even when
we are out. You will be punished for any infractions. You will remain
naked unless I direct otherwise. You will adhere to the rules I have
given you to the letter. You will service anyone in anyway I say without
hesitation including Lola when you meet her. Do you understand and
agree, you have 10 seconds to answer!"

The naked blond, shivering on her knees before the man she loves did not
hesitate "YYess Master i agree and will obey and make you happy as long
as you wish, please keep me as your slave and use my worthless body ".

Smiling, John looked down at his property 
" Now it is time to start to prove it. My feet are tired." He sat down
and stretched out. 

" Master may i please remove you boots and sooth your feet?"

With his permission s removed his boots and socks. His feet had a odor
from working hard in them all day. As gracefully as possible the lovely
blond cupped one foot in her hand and lowered her mouth to the flesh.
Tenderly she kissed her owners toes, one at a time. Then starting from
the small one she used her tongue to lick and caress each one. The
willing slut did not forget to softly lick between each one and clean
the jam that builds up each day. John sat back and relaxed at the
ministrations of his new possession. 

s spent a half hour on each foot, finishing by placing them in her
owner's slippers. 

" You have done well slut, and I have a reward for you." said John
He pulled a new set of metal clamps from his pocket and ordered s to
knell erect and present her tits to him. Her nipples were already hard
from the stimulation of her humiliating act.  John showed not mercy as
he tightened them down on her hard buds. " Now you need a drink' follow
me" he ordered.  s started to stand and with a quick push of his foot
John sent her to her back. " STUPID SLUT you will be punished for that,
on your fucking knees!!" s followed her Master into the kitchen on her
hands and knees. The clamps were much more painfully as her tits swayed
as she crawled.

Out of the pantry John took a dog dish. After filling it with water he
placed it next to the dishes that his two dogs used. "Read it." he
ordered " Bitch Cunt s" read  s with a flush of sham. " You will drink
out of this bowl at all times. Even when I am not here and you are
allowed to stand and do house work . Even when you are clothed or the
dogs have used it UNDERSTAND !"  "Yes Master" she replied. John enjoyed
watching his loves tight ass as she lapped  the water. 

I MUST go now longer parts will follow. I am a Dom male who has had
several subs. I do not subscribe to all the activities I will write
about. They are for you entertainment only. I will not condone child
abuse, scat, blood and gore or true rape. If you have any requests or
positive comments E-mail or especially if you a female sub of even a dom
who would like to corospond write.  I had to cut off a fine
correspondence with a German lady once before but things have changed.
MORE TO CUM.
TRAVELER






THE RETURN
Part 2 (Mf Ff)

IF YOU ARE UNDER AGE GO AWAY!!!!!!

As naked s lapped from her new bowl, John, her owner admired her firm
ass. Partially trained she kept her legs spread, not as wide as he liked
but he would correct that. His big dick was already hard from the tongue
bath she gave his tired feet. It pressed hard against his work pants. He
wanted so to ram it into her smooth shaved cunt but he wanted to wait
until his guest arrived. " Enough bitch" he snapped
s raised up from her dish into a kneeling position, water dripping from
her chin as her arms were crossed behind her back and she dare not move.
The clamps swayed painfully from the nipples as she arched her back. " I
am going to shower and change, while you make dinner, first come here
and turn around."

Crawling across the cold tile floor s obeyed. Her open ass faced the man
she loved. " Open you legs wider!" ordered John  s slide them as far
part as she could.
John rubbed her tight thighs and cheeks working his way to her open
snatch. He saw the glint of her fluid around her cunt. As his fingers
slowly worked it's way into her, to s's delight, he asked "Have you been
fucked in the ass recently?"  "Ahh NNo Sir" she said hesitantly
WACK to her ass " What does that fucking mean?!!" he spat, making
believe he was angry.

" Only once since we separated Master" she said
" When?"
" About three years ago when I tried to serve another man. BBut it only
was once!" WACK, WACK he slapped each cheek
" Alright well I missed your ass, we will start to get it into shape. Go
to my closet and get the box with you name on it, and RUN!" John
ordered.  As s rose and trotted off he knew the clamps would hurt her
big tits. Returning she knelt and placed the box at his feet. Inside
were devices of torment she knew well from the past month and her life
with John before. The first device was a 6 inch butt plug. He held it to
her lips and ordered her to give it a good blow job. The slave took the
rubber plug into her hot mouth and sucked. Using her talented tongue she
licked as she bobbed her head pulling into her mouth then out again.  s
was soon turned around with her hands pulling her fine ass cheeks apart
as John sadisticly pressed the plug deep into his slave's tight asshole.
Poor s gritted her teeth as the hard rubber spread her hole until the 2
in wide part popped through and her muscle closed around it. A little
while later s was slave dressed, 16 inches of chain connected her
ankles, less than a foot attached her wrists. Her nipple clamps were
attached to her collar. A large red ball gag stretched her jaws wide.
The slave's pretty blonde was tied back in a pony tail as not to
interfer with her duties. The outfit was topped off with a white frilly
apron around her waist. Mostly for looks as it did not cover her bare
crotch. 

As s again knelt on the hard floor, clinching her ass tight as not to
allow the torturous plug to fallout, John gave her instructions for the
evening.  " You will go out back and let the dogs in and feed them. ( a
Great Dane and a Golden Retriever) then make my dinner by 6. Clean up
because Lola will be here around 8 and you want to be at your best for
her, do you not my slut?"  "Yes Master John." and she meant it as she
knew new  the penalty plus her love of humiliation made her pussy wet.
His instruction did scare her, OUTSIDE ! she thought, but the 17 acre
property was 5 miles from anyone and against National Forest. Still
clinching her ass she left the house looking around for any one. The
chain between her ankles made the trip to the dog pen tormentingly slow.
Reaching the dog pen he knelt down, as John had ordered that her dogs
would receive the same respect as he, s opened the pen and gave each a
pat on the head before they bound to the house.

Dressed in her tormenting devices s prepared dinner and was on her knees
as John sat. As he ate he ordered his slave to kneel with her head in
the corner and her all high in the air so he could see the plug sticking
out her ass. When he needed some thing she would silent crawl to serve
him. All the time poor s wanted to cum so bad. Her ass filled her
humiliation factor was high. She was starting to feel whole again.

Next part, s will meet John's Female dom lover and her slave and be
punished and fucked.

Stay tuned it gets much hotter!! I am an experienced dom male. Contact
me with any positive comments, requests or suggestions.  I like to
corospond with others. Just lost my sub to a job relocation so female
subs, I know you are out there, write! Part 1 can be sent by request.






The Return
Part 3 (D/s MFff)

YOU KNOW THE RULES, ADULTS ONLY DAMN IT!!

Pretty s awkwardly did the dishes and cleaned the kitchen. Gagged, ass
plugged with short chains restricting her limb movements she had to be
careful at her work. She tried to concentrate on her chore but her mind
drifted to her dripping pussy and the nervous apprehension of meeting
her owner's dominant friend, Lola. In the weeks that s had been back
with John he had shown her tapes of Lola dominating her slave "twat" and
several other sub females. One even had John in it. The small lovely
slave was on her knees, licking John from his feet to his cock as Lola
used a cat o nine tails on her tight ass and thighs. The poor slave
begged the Master to ask her Mistress to stop. The whipping stopped as
Lola sat on his huge cock while the lesbian slave licked his ass until
he came.  s was both excited and very jealous on seeing the man she
loved with another. 

s finished and reported to her Master in the living room. Silently she
knelt before him and placed her head to the floor at his feet. Her ample
tits touched the floor crushing her clamped nipples. John finished
reading his paper, it forced s to stay in that position for more than 15
minutes. It looked like he was concentrating on his reading but he made
a mental note of each of her shifts and movements. When he was ready he
ordered his blonde slave to rise to her knees and come close to him. "We
will get you ready to meet Mistress Lola, my sweet" he said as he
removed her painful nipple clamps. Tears welled up in her eyes as he
slowly removed them. He then removed her gag. She bent forward and
kissed his knee and hand, then rubbed her cheek on his thigh," Thank you
Master, thank you " she whimpered.  He raised her up and they kissed
deeply. John's hand wandered between poor horny s's legs to feel the
wetness that covered her hairless cunt and inner thighs. " You do love
this, don't you my love?' he asked.  " Oh yesss Sir yes I love you and
love to serve you. I need this." she answered softly with much true
emotion.  His fingers probed deep inside her, and he smiled as a low
moan escaped his property's lips.  Pulling down his sweat pants, John
exposed his hard thick cock. s looked at it longingly.  " Go ahead my
dear, but just for a few moments as I am saving my cum for Lola." s
slowly engulfed the thick cock with her sweet lips. Sucking and licking
she loved to give head. She wanted to make her Owner cum and tried but
was stopped buy a hard yank of her golden ponytail.  She was then
ordered to clean up and do a class A make up job as he wanted her to be
in top shape for Lola.

s had just finished when the dogs started barking. She hurried to the
front door as fast as her hobbles would allow. John released her wrists
so she could assume a proper position. She knelt at the door with her
legs wide, head down and wrists crossed behind her. 

John went out to greet his guest. s dared take a quick look as he was
walking down to the car. Lola was beautiful, tall and well built. She
was dressed in jeans and a thin blouse. Comfortable for the 3 hour
drive. They kissed passionately, which made s almost crazy, then entered
the house arm and arm. Surprising s, they paid no attention to her, and
walk passed her. This gave s another brief opportunity to glance up. She
then saw the young slave twat. In contrast to her Mistress, pretty twat
was dressed in a very tight, short dress. It was low cut and as she
struggled with Lola's bags her tits almost fell out. The 5'2" tall slut
balanced on 5 inch heels as she carried the heavy bags thru the door. s
lowered her eyes as twat passed. twat gave the new slave the once over
and smiled, approving of her appearance and hoping to get at her for her
own pleasure. twat carried the bags up to the Master's room and started
unpacking.  The summer light was fading as the blonde slave knelt,
waiting. It seemed like forever before she heard her Master's voice call
her to the back deck. The doms were already sipping wine when the slave
hobbled thru the door.  A rug with a spotlight had been set up in the
center of the deck. John ordered his slave to stand on the rug. s did as
ordered, spreading her legs as wide as the chain would allow.
"Presentation Position!" barked John. s arched her back at attention,
placed her hands behind her neck with her head up and eyes open but case
downward. The light was bright and even warm in the summer mountain
breeze.  " Lola, this is my new, old slave. Do you care to inspect her?"
said John.  " Thank you Sir John." she replied rather formally. She
liked to call him Sir John in front of submissives.  " Turn
around,slut!" she ordered Taking short steps the humiliated slave turned
so another female could see her, this was new for s. She truly wanted to
be with another woman but had dienied it all these years. What added to
the humiliation was that Lola was younger that her.  s turned fully
around.  Nice Sir John  but she was much to fast, DO IT AGAIN SLUT AND
STOP WITH YOUR BACK TO US!" barked Lola At the same time she picked up a
small box and pushed the button. s did as ordered but as she stopped she
realized that several drops of fluid were running down her inner leg
from her cunt. 

As s waited for her next command she heard the clicking of twats heels
on the tile that lead to the deck. Hiking up her tight dress twat knelt
at her owner's feet. 

s was ordered to bend over and open her ass and cunt for inspection.Lola
stood behind the slave and ran her hands over s's slick cunt. She
noticed the wetness and the drippings on the slaves legs. Turning to
John she smiled  and shook her head in approval.  "Twat come hear.'
barked Lola Quickly the young slut obeyed and stood next to her
Mistress.
" Pull out the plug." said Lola
twat grabbed the base and with a steady pressure pulled it out. s
gritted her teeth as it past her spinchter.  twat stepped back as Lola
looked into the open hole. More degradation for poor s. " Have you
fucked her in the ass with that huge meat of yours" Lola asked John. "
Years ago but not since she has been back, in fact this is the first
time I have plugged her. It has been 4 hours. It was just for you my
sweet" answered John " I am honored Sir John." replied Lola.
John had decided not to replace it for the night so twat held it.
Lola then inspected the slaves tits and commented how firm they were for
someone of her age. John removed the hobble and s was made to lay on her
back, spread her legs and open her cunt. The made her take several other
lewd and humiliating postions before Lola said that it was time for twat
to have some attention.

John had twat dip the plug in some wine then as s stood with her hands
behind her head he had twat feed the plug into the blonde's mouth.
Fighting back the urge to gag she took the rubber plug and held it as
required. " You will keep that in your fucking mouth, now open another
bottle of wine. Watch twat and you may learn somthing!" ordered John.


I HOPE YOU ENJOYED THIS.  I might post later tonite or tomorrow. Thank
you for you comments. Keep them cumming.  I am looking for sub females
especially as I am a Dominant male who has recently lost his sub to a
job move. Its a bitch when making a living interferes with great sex.





The Return
Part4 (D/s MFff)

Kids, get the hell out of here!!!!

Pretty s, now only covered by her collar and cuffs, her nipples rock
hard from the cool mountain breeze, served her Master and his Dominate
guest,Lola, wine. Lola mentioned how silly the slave looked with the
bottom of the black butt plug sticking out of her mouth. It was all to
make the slave fell degraded and it worked. The wine helped but the poor
slut still endured the awful taste without protest. 

Lola clapped her hands " twat! on the rug".
The young buxom slave quickly obeyed. 
John leaned over to Lola and asked how she managed to call twat
downstairs. Lola smiled  " See that small box attached to her collar,
well it is like the box that makes dogs stop barking. When I push this
button it shocks the bitch and she comes or obeys." Lola pushed the
button and the slave jumped and winced in pain.

" You can set it to different strengths, I like it high. I brought one
for you. We sell it in my Porn shop."  said Lola.

Lola then ordered the kneeling twat to pull out her tits and show them
to s. With her head still bowed twat pulled down the top of her small
tight dress and popped out first the left then the right tit. She then
ran her hands over them and cupped them lifting them for inspection.  s
looked over at the smooth breasts being shown to her. All of a sudden
she found herself staring, through each large nipples were gold rings
about 2 inches in diameter. 

" OK slut get up and shake those fuckers for Sir John, and strip off
that dress! He better get hard from watching or else!" spat Lola at the
little slave.  " Yes Mistress" answered twat.

With the light music that had been playing twat shook her ass and
jiggled over to John. s watched in jealousy as the other slave temped
her owner.  twat shook her tits close to John's face then rubbed them
together. Pulling she pressed and rubbed her nipples together then
pulled hard on her rings until John saw the pain in her face.  With this
his cock started to grow. Wiggling away twat started peeling off the
tight dress to reveal her hard ass cheeks. Slowly she pulled them down
over the tops of her stockings. She worn no garter belt. As she passed
closer to the light s saw a half a dozen marks crisscrossing her cheeks.
twat kicked the dress aside and bent at the waist, reaching through her
legs she pulled her bare cunt lips apart and wiggled her ass at the
Master of the house. Again s was surprised, there were two identical
rings passing through her cunt lips. twat played with these for a moment
then through herself at John's feet, she kissed his shoes and licked the
toes. 

After feeling John's hard on and with his approval Lola ordered twat up
and to go turn down the bed. The slave kissed her Mistress' feet and
thanked her then trotted off. s was call to kneel before the Dominants.

" You will only speak to twat in the course of serving us" instructed
John " I have installed monitors in the house for this reason, except
for total inobedience this will be the highest crime! Do you
understand?"

" Yes Master John this slave understands and will do as ordered."
answered the slave s and she meant it.

"You have a few infractions that you must be punished for before bed. I
have chosen to let Mistress Lola have the pleasure. Go fetch paddle 3."
the Master ordered.

s quickly returned with the paddle in her mouth and knelt before Lola.
With much pleasure the tall Mistress took the paddle and ordered the
slave to bend over the deck railing. Even in her thirties s had a fine
ass. John told her that she had moved much too often while waiting for
his attention and she would get five for it. 

s waited, bent over the hard wood rail until John retrieved the video
camera to capture Lola's first contact with his bitch. 

With only moderate force Lola struck the slave's upturned ass. With each
strike s counted and thanked the woman.

"ONE thank you Mistress"
"TWO thank you Mistress"

The five were finished and the slave's ass was red but Lola knew her
stuff. Only the reddness would remain in the morning. 

Since she moved in there were two rooms off limits to her. John kept
them locked. s was about to find out about one of them. 

John had her follow him to the room off the pantry. Unlocking it he
turned on the light and let s look inside. There was a 3/4 size bed a
table with a clock and, from the walls hung some chains. 

"From now on when Lola is here or if I say so you will sleep in here. I
may chain you or as tonight simply leave you. There is a camera to watch
you at all times. You may wash in the downstaires bathroom. twat used to
sleep here alone, she should be happy to have company." John kissed his
slut on the head and left. 


The bed was small covered with a scratchy wool blanked. There were two
small pillows and a thin wool blanket folded on the end of the bed. 

s stood there rubbing her ass when a naked twat came down the hall. s
started to say something, twat put her hand over s's mouth and gave her
a hug as an introduction. s had never had a naked woman hug her before.
She followed twat inside. 

In a southern accent twat explained. " We must sleep on the rought wool
and share the blanket. Master and Mistress want to be wakened at 7 to go
riding. We will be up at 6 to have coffee ready then wake them. We will
saddle the horses and have breakfast ready when they get back. Use the
bathroom first." twat smiled and fluffed the pillows.

When twat crawled in with poor s she shyed away. twat whispered that it
would be alright and that the pleasure would be worth it. 
In spite of the scratchy blankets, sore ass and now sounds of passionate
fucking from her Master's room above s fell to sleep, only to awake to
the alarm.

The two slave's woke and used the facilities. It was just a toilet and
sink so a shower would wait. Each made the coffee as their Owners liked.
With s carring the coffee twat woke John and Lola. The two owner's
dismissed the slaves and retreated to the shower where John bent Lola
over after she knelt and sucked his morning hard on, and he fucked her
hard and long. 

The two subs put their sandles on and went to the stables. s had been
caring for the horses but had not saddled Lola's pretty Paint, that was
twat's job. s saddled her Owner's dark chestnut stallion. twat was short
and the stallion was 16 to 18 hands high so both had to use step
ladders. 

Bringing the horses out to the edge of the corral the women stood
holding the halters, naked but for collars and sandles. s kept scanning
the hills for hikers. twat whispered" You will get used to it, it
excites me, my Mistress will some times make me sit topless in her adult
store for hours."
s smiled back, and nervously said " It does excite me too but I am
afraid"

They quickly shut up and stood at attention as their Owners left the
house. Reaching the corral the two made small talk and Lola mounted her
horse. John's stud moved his back legs out, John recogonized this and
took the rains from s. His horse's "Ranger" cock started to protrude
from it's sheath. 
" s Ranger has to pee help him!" John ordered
to Lola's delight. 

s shot a look of panic at John then realized her fuck up. "Grag his cock
and hold it while he pees bitch, and you will be punished for that
look!!" yelled John

Humiliated beyond her dreams the lovely blonde slave girl took the
horses long thick cock in her hand and directed the stream of pee away
from her Master. It seemed forever until he stopped and his cock
withdrew. Even twat watched at Lola's order.

As John mounted he told poor s that when they got back her training
would begin in earnest!
What she just did was nothing to what she will learn to love. He
squeezed her tit and mounted.

As they rode off the naked slave silently walked to the house to shower
and fix dinner. Before they got close to where microphones might be,
s shivered and whispered to twat " I really need to cum!!" 
"Me too." answered twat


HOPE YOU ENJOY PT 4. 
GOOD COMMENTS ARE WELCOME ESPECIALLY FROM SUB FEMALES BUT I WOULD ALSO
LIKE TO COROSPOND WITH COUPLES AND DOMS. OTHER PARTS ARE AVAILABLE.
THANKS FOR ALL THE COMMENTS.  




The Return
Part 5 (BDSM Mf)

If you are under 18, well StarWars is playing some where, GO SEE IT
NOW!!!

   While their owners took there morning ride the two slaves, "twat and
s" followed instructions. They cleaned up, did their make up to the
highest standards and prepared brunch for there owners return. Mostly
done in silence, as was the rule. They were afraid of the threat of
hidden cameras and microphones around the house, a threat that was real.    

  For meeting for the first time they worked well 
together. The younger lesbian slave, twat, did not miss a chance to
touch or rub up against the older blonde s. twat found her very
attractive although she was 32 to twat's 19. twat knew that she would be
assisting her Mistress in bringing out s' bi-side.    

  The two pretty slaves donned their frilly little serving aprons, the
only things they wore besides the thick collars, and waited for the
dominants return.     

  Lola and John finished their ride unsaddles the horses and combed and
watered them. During the ride they took time to discuss the training of
s.   

   When they entered the house the two slaves knelt quietly by the door.
Paying little noticeable attention to their property they sat down on
the bench in the mud room. Each slave straddled the doms leg and grabbed
a boot. In the usual way John and Lola put their other booted foot on
the slave's bare ass and pushed.  A rather amusing site. This was
repeated with the other boot and the doms went to wash up.  

     Lola and John sat at the table in the bright breakfast nook while
the two naked sluts served them their meal. s was still untrained but
twat knew to properly bend over while serving so her Mistress or John
could have full access to her more feminine part. As she pored coffee,
twat felt Lola reach out and caress her hanging ample tits. She stay in
the position even after the cup was full as her Mistress fondled and
pinched her full tits. John made an embarassed s stand beside him for a
time while he rubbed her smooth ass and fingered her slick shaved cunt.
He enjoyed her wetness and made her lick her juices from his fingers.   

  When brunch was done s was sent to the living room to await her Master
and his lover.  There she knelt, shaking in fear and anticipation of her
fate. She felt the rest of her live hinged on that afternoon and it did.
The slave's legs cramped as she waited over 45 minutes for John and Lola
to arrive.  

   s waited,on her knees with her wrists crossed behind her and her
forehead to the soft carpet. She could not see her Master arrive but she
heard the faint footsteps on the carpet.  

   "s, my little bitch" he addressed her " today you will truly start to
learn how to act and behave in order to please me." John placed his foot
on the slut's back. s felt the leather of the clean boot he had put on.  

   " The problem I have found with most women",he continued " is that
they fail to please a man or a Mistress for that matter because they
fail to concentrate. They have too many things going on in their heads,
bullshit things. I failed to teach you this last time we were together.
I do love you so I will not fail this time. You will not only learn the
things I like but how to give them to me. Mostly because you will learn
to pay attention to me and those I direct you too. You will concentrate
on the tasks at hand. Because you intelligent and I expect you to learn
quickly your punishments will start out light. If you fail later on I
will consider it that you did it on purpose and your punishment will be
sever! Do you understand?"

" Yes Master John you slave understands and will do as told." answered
the scared woman

" We will start." said John as he unzipped his fly and pulled out his
raging hard on.  He knelt behind his slave and slapped her ass.  " Put
that ass up bitch!!" he ordered
s raised her ass up and reached behind to open her hot wet cunt for her
lover. John quickly rammed his meat deep inside her excited wench. 

 " Do not cum bitch. If you are good you will be allowed to make
yourself cum later." said John Lola sat back and sipped her coffee.
Grabbing the slut's hips the Master fucked his property hard. Each
thrust almost through the slave off balance. As he fucked her he
explained," When I am finished here, we will install some devices on you
and Mistress Lola will start your training while I" he stops for a few
hard intense thrusts to her cunt, " prepare that room in the basement
you have been so curious about!"  John rams his hard cock into her slut
a few more times then pull out, to s' relief, as she was so close to
climax. Fear held her back that long. John slapped her ass, as he had
done numerous times in the last weeks. s knew it was time, she turned
and took as much of his thick meat in her mouth. Keeping her wrists
crossed she sucked and licked the man she love. Deeper and deeper she
swallowed until his cock was buried deep her mouth. John had told her
that she would have to be able to take his 8 inches fully in her throat
soon. Grabbing her blond hair John blew his load. Cum splashed into her
mouth as she sucked and licked not wishing to lose a drop of her lover's
gift. The Master continued to fuck the bitch's mouth until he shot his
last drop.  

  Before s could swallow the last of his seed, her pony tail was pulled
back, opening her mouth. Lola quickly shoved a cock shaped gag in the
poor horny submissive's mouth. She locked the gag in place leaving the
taste of cum to linger on the slave's tongue.  twat had come in after
finishing her cleaning and was kneeling next to her Owner. Lola handed
her slave a large, spine covered butt plug and ordered her to lube it.
twat started licking the rubber phallus from the top down. She knew that
it would be in poor s' ass soon enough and wanted it to be as easy as
possible for the woman she was finding more attractive  by the moment.
Her trained and talented tongue danced between the spines then trying to
take it in her mouth she stretched her lips wide. Lola chuckled at the
strange sight of her slave with the thick red plug in her mouth. 
    When she thought it was ready the Mistress had twat pull the poor
slave's cheeks apart as she slowly pushed the thick plug into her
upturned hole. Poor s grunted in an attempt to relax he muscles and take
the tormenting device deep in her rear. Tears welled up in her eyes as
the rubber spines started to be felt on the soft tissue of her asshole.
s wiggled a little to try to make the ordeal a little more bearable.
This resulted in a sharpe slap to her thigh from the cruel Mistress. s
stayed as still as she could as the plug finally popped passe the
slave's spincter. 

    Next came the spine covered dildo. It did not require any
lubercation to penatrated s' wet cunt. Like a calf roper, Lola slapped a
leather harness on the slave to keep the devices well burried in her
holes. The dom attached a leash to the slave's collar and pulled her to
her feet. 
twat had been sent to fetch a small bag from the bedroom. From it Lola
pulled out two cruel looking clamps. Each clamp had a heavy brass bell
attached. 

   Grabbing twat by the back of the neck Lola pushed her mouth to s'
breasts, and ordered her to make her nipples hard. In spite of her
discomfort s blushed at her first feel of twats mouth closing on her
sensitive nipples. This was a great pleasure for the lesbian slave. She
had wanted to get her mouth on the older woman since she saw her in the
hall the day before. twat twirled her tongue over s' buds. Sucking and
working the flesh to get them to rise. When she was satified with the
slave's nipples, Lola tightened down the clamps. A heavy moan escaped
the slut's throat, behind the gag as each tormenting clamp bit into her
skin. The bells weighed heavy on her nipples pulling the clamps down.

  s was properly adorned for her training session with the Mistress.
John gave her a kiss on the forehead and a slap on the ass as she was
lead away on the leash by Lola. twat followed John to the basement. Lola
lead poor s out the back door to the yard. 

   Once on the cool grass Lola had s stand at attention. The sadist
circled the slave, pinching and pulling at the painfull clamps. 
  " My dear, you will pay attention, any screw ups and I will correct
you!" said Lola as she picked up a long raining whip from a bench. 

   Lola extended the leash to it's 8 foot length and with a snap of the
whip to the slave's exposed ass she barked " March!" 

   s stepped off in her best toy soldier step. Of course that is not
what was wanted so with each correction Lola accented it with a stroke
ot the whip on the slave's bright ass. Soon Lola had s taking the sexy
female steps that she thought proper. Back erect, arms with a moderate
swing, one foot infront of the other and a certain ass wiggle that both
Men and Female Dominants found attractive. Around in the circle went s.
Slow then fast then slow again. The heavy brass bells ran with each step
and pulled torturously on her breasts.  Around and around s went,
stopping, starting and changing pace to Lola's orders. The didos filled
her holes with the spines pressing into her tender areas. s felt the
leather strap get wet as her cunt juice soaked in and spread proving
that not matter how much she denied it she loved being humiliated and
abuse. Damn she wanted to cum, on the edge of orgasm drew tears to the
corners of her eyes. Like a horse being trained s circled her
instructor. 

   As much as she tried s could not help thinking of what will happen to
her when the room is ready and what was her lover and Master is doning
with the young slave twat. If she knew that as Lola was yelling at her
and striping her thighs and ass, that twat was on her knees in front of
John, with her face buried in his ass. 
twat's tongue was dancing over the Master's asshole in one of the
ultimate forms of submission. She was licking his tight asshole. 
Little twat had been rimming for two years and did a fine job. She
licked around the circle on the tender flesh and every few turns darted
in into the hole to give John maximum pleasure.
The teenager would reach up and stroke the Man's hard dick and she
licked the fine sensitive skin between his balls and anus.

THANKS FOR ALL THE MAIL.
IF YOU HAVE ANY SUGGESTIONS OR POSITIVE COMMENTS PLEASE WRITE. I AM
LOOKING TO COROSPOND WITH ANYONE BUT PREFER SUB FEMALES OR COUPLES. 
ANY COMMENTS ARE WELCOME. I HAVE RECENTLY LOST MY SUB TO A JOB MOVE.
HAVE PHOTOS IF YOU DOUBT ME. NO SCANNER HAVE TO BE SNAIL MAIL. 




The Return
Part 6 (BDSM MF/ff)


    John had enough of the young slave twat, sucking his ass. He was
hard and ready to cum but he wanted to save his load. 

    Out side the house Lola was finishing up s' 
"pony training". The blonde's ass was well marked from each stroke of
the whip for each time she lost track of her trainer's instructions.
Lola had her walk, trot and run on the end of the long leash. Each step
was torment as the studded plugs in her ass and cunt rubbed with each
step. As the slut trotted and ran her ample tits bounced causing the
heavy bells on her nipples to swing painfully. Sweat covered the lovely
slave's body from the hot summer sun. she felt the burn of the sun over
all her flesh. That too was planned, as an all over tan was mandated by
her Master.     Lola stopped the poor slave. s stood still as the
Mistress picked up a cool drink from the near by deck and flaunted it in
front of the thirsty s. Walking over to the slave, Lola waved the drink
in front of her face," Are you thirsty my little slut whore?" she asked
sarcasticly poor s could only nod her head.

    Lola grabbed the slave by the collar and roughly pulled her over to
the steps of the deck. Pushing her to her knees Lola then removed the
slut's gag and pushed her head down. There was a dog dish on the ground.
"Drink slut! Do not splash any bitch!!" spat the sadist.
On her knees with wrists bound behind her the slave thanked her
tormenter and lowered her head to the bowel. She lapped at the water
forgeting the humiliation.

    While Lola was finishing up outside, John finished his work in the
dungeon and was standing over a kneeling naked, twat. He circled her,
with his cock sticking out, rubbing his chin.  twat tasted his ass and
balls on her tounge. The little lesbian did not dislike John but wished
her Mistress would not leave her alone with him as he always made her do
the most submissive and humiliating things.      Having decided that he
wanted twat to see all that was done to poor s when she was introduced
to the dongeon, he decided to take the girl and bind her by the wall.
John took the slave over to the far wall. He made her stand on two
wooden blocks. He attached her cuffs to chains that went to the over
head beams. He then cranked each out so her arms were drawn tightly
outward. With a smile he held up a large red ball gag, the slave
obediatly opened her mouth. John secured it to her head with a full
harness that went up each side of her face and around her cheeks. It
joined in the back. He buckled it tight. As twat tried to see but could
not John took a device form the closet. It was a pole that fit into a
base plate in the floor. As he worked twat felt something brush her open
wet cunt. John finally stood and spoke to twat " Now my deat as I watch
I want you to step off the blocks and slowly work that big dildo into
your fucking cunt. Do not hesitate or resist of I will tell your
Mistress and her punishments are far worse than mine!!" 

   twat knew he was right. She quickly complied.
First the right foot touched the floor. She stood on there toes as she
tried to balance as she felt the thick head of the fat rubber phallus
touch her wet opening. Once it touched her she slowed. Steadily she
worked the dick into her hole. Once she stepped off the last block she
used her toes to impale her self on the thick long dick. She closed her
eyes and and clamped her mouth around the gag as it penatrated her. She
opened her eyes when her feet lay flat on the floor. Poor twat caugt a
glimps of the Master, he was grinning at her torture. He knelt down and
pulled her ankles out as far as he could and attached them to chains in
the floor. This pushed the intruder deeper inside the slut. John checked
his watch and noticed her had plenty of time before Lola was due to
bring s in. To kill time he slowly hung heavy weights from the slaves
nipple rings and attache the rings in her labia to the post just below
the dildo. 

    All this torment to poor twat was caught on video that would be cut
into a larger tape and sold over the net and in Lola's porn shop. In
fact as she has done before Lola would make a topless twat sell the tape
in the shop. 

    John then put a hot spotlight on the slave and left the room to
freshen up and check on Lola. He looked out of the back window and saw
the pair.Lola had s on her knees licking her leather boots. John's dick
started to rise again. He knew he would have a load of jism for what he
had planned. 


SORRY IT IS SO SHORT BUT DO NOT HAVE THE TIME. DID NOT WANT TO HAVE ANY
ONE WAITING THOUGH. EMAIL COMMENTS AND THANKS FOR THE ONES I HAVE
GOTTEN. I WILL ANSWER ALL. I AM ESPECIALLY LOOKING FOR FEMALE SUB AS I
HAVE RECENTLY LOST MINE. ANY COMMENTS WELCOME THOUGH.




THE RETURN
Part 7 (MF/ff BDSM)

   John had just finished a shower and was putting on shorts when he
heard the click of Lola's boot heels on the deck. He looked out the
window down and from above watched the Mistress leading his slave into
the house by her leash. The pretty blonde looked tires. Her lovely hair
was a mess and her head hung low. John loved to watch he walk with both
holes filled with the fact spiny dildos. 

    John trotted down stairs in time to see Lola put s on her knees by
the cellar door and secure the leash to the door knob. All s saw of her
Owner was his bare feet as he stopped and patted her on the head. John
put his arm around Lola as they walked to the kitchen. As casual as you
please they discussed what to do with pretty s. 

    s knelt on the carpet trying to rest and cool down. One thing she
learned in the last couple of hours is to pay attention so she also
listened very carefully for the return of the Doms. Lola and John sat at
the table with a cool drink and decided the slave's fate for the
afternoon. 

    Returning to the kneeling submissive wench John unhooked the leash
and silently lead the slave down the stairs. He tits hurt from the
tortuous bells as they swung from each step down to the unknown. s's
heart started to pound and a new energy started to engulf her. The slave
was about to see the last room closed to her for the last month and a
half. For effect John jerked on the leash at the bottom of the stairs to
change s's direction although she knew the way. They passed his gun
bench with the pictures of his hunts and the antlers mounted on he
walls. Then through the storage area to the cement block wall and the
heavy steel door. The door creaked as it opened, John made it so for
effect. It was very effective on twat and several others that have
visited his house.       With he head bowed s could only see the short
pile grey carpet. Just inside the door Lola shut is and pushed s to her
knees. She felt the slave shake with fear and excitement and smiled at
John. He knew that he had control of the slave and from now on she was
his.    " You may look up and look around, my dear" he said to the
kneeling sub.    " Thank you Master" she replied with honest
appreciation .

   With he first glance s though " OH MY GOD! a real dungeon!!". As she
looked around she took in all she could as fast as possible. The stone
walls were a combination of cement block and field stone. Grey mostly
with wrought iron lights. The room took up half the basement with meant
half the floor space of the house, plenty of room. s knew as a
contractor John had plenty of building skills but she was amazed at the
equipment she saw. A leather covered table to her right, a large heavy
wooden X next to it, a rack with chains and wheels leaning against the
left wall and several other devices she recognized from the years of
masturbating to B&D films. Then she saw twat, bound to the wall,
sweating from the bright light. Her eyes trailed down the 19 year old's
body to the impaling post between her legs. A tremor coarsed through her
body!

  s was jolted out of her daze by Lola's hard pull on her leash. The
slave stood and followed her to the center of the room. There the slave
was freed from all the restrictions. Of course her collar and cuffs
stayed. " You have five minutes to stretch bitch!" said John in a stern
voice.  s took advantage of the brief freedom.

   They gave the slave the five minutes more to  give them time to
switch devices around than for her comfort. When them were ready the
doms bent the poor s over the edge of a table looking device. It bent
her at the waist pulling her legs off the floor a few inches. John
stretched her legs out extemely wide and fastened her ankle cuffs to the
table legs. She felt like a wishbone. Mean while Lola unfastened the
belt that held in the tortuous plugs. When John was done Lola had the
slave lift her pelvis and as the Master watched slowly removed the
impaling rubber phalluses. s grunted and groaned as they were as painful
to remove as insert. Lola played with the slut, pulling them out part
way then pushing them back in. The Mistress noticed the coupious fluid
that covered the cunt plug and flow from s's twat. She looked at John
and said "You have one hot whore her Dear. Look how wet the bitch is."
then turning to s she asked in a stern tone " YOU DIDN'T CUM DID YOU
SLUT!!!?"
Shaking from the torture and fear poor s answered "NNo Mistress No this
slut did not cum,I was not given permission." With a hard slap on her
ass and a last pull on the plug Lola stepped away " Good whore".

    s's neck was then placed over a padded cut out in a board, pillory
style,and the top locked down over her. Lola then grabbed her naked
smooth shoulders and move her so her big tits fell down through two
holes cut into the platform. When the tormenters were satisfied with her
position they cuffed her wrists together then attached a chain from the
ceiling to them. With this they pulled her arms up putting a strain on
them. s's hair had come loose from her ponytail. Lola tenderly gathered
it up and tied it back and up higher on the blonde's head. " We want to
see your face, Sweetie" said Lola softy. 
    
   John now roled a small cart near the platform. Taking a moment he
touched s's whip marked ass, " Look over at twat", s moved her head to
the side and saw the young bound slave staring at her. " this is a new
torture I put together,just for you. twat has spent many hours here but
as not seen this yet. I suppose that is why she is breaking so many
rules and staring at us. You remain silent while we play with you. I
wish this to teach you to endure anything I command and to take pleasure
in making me happy. By the time I release you your cunt should be twice
as wet and a simple touch of your clit should send you over the edge to
climax."      John did not know that all it would take now, to send her
into orgasmic bliss. 

    Loosing sight of her tormenters s soon felt hands on her hanging
tits. They felt and kneeded them. If her nipples were had recovered from
the heavy bells during her earlier training the feel of the hands would
have caused her to disobey and cum right then.  The feeling only lasted
a minute when s felt pressure on each breast near her chest. The
pressure grew greater and greater. John was screwing closed special
clamps that would eventually squash the slaves firm tits.
    
    " You see, s, these clamps will crush your tits and keep you in
place so we might do to you what we will", said John close to the
slave's ear.
" you will learn to endure hours of restraint and torment, because it
pleases me. You will be punished in so many ways that your mind will not
be able to decide which one you like the best." John continued to bind
his property.

     The clamps were tight making her tits look like to baloons and
keeping her pressed against the table. Now the sadistic Master pushed
the cart under the slave's sensive nipples. He slowly cranked it up
until s felt the rough sandpaper that was on the top of the cart. John
adjusted it so the paper just touched the tips of her swollen nipples. "
If you just stay still you will not  have a problem, move and the paper
will aggravate your flesh. I do not want that to happen as I have use
for you tits tomorrow." said her Owner as he ran his fingers over her
engorged breast. s gritted her teeth and winced at the anticipation of
the pain. 

      Lola had moved over to her hanging slave. As John was finishing
the cart, Lola ran her hand over her young property. It was very welcome
by the little lesbian. She loved her owner. Lola felt the slut's naked
impaled cunt. The thick dildo was dripping wet. The dom played with
twats hard clit until the little slave started humping the rubber dick,
even though each movement cause her to pull on the chains leading to her
nipples and cunt. Poor twat moaned and tears formed in her eyes as Lola
abandoned the slave to help John.

      John grabbed s's sore ass cheeks and pulled them apart as Lola
slowly woked another large plug up the slave's hole. It was a smooth
plug and went in easier this time as she was still loose from the
training plug. " You will have to hold this one in yourself or I will
hang you by your tits all night!!" ordered John. 
A wire ran from this plug which Lola plugged into a small box near the
wall. Lastly Lola pulled s's head up and back, while John placed a thick
black dildo under her mouth. It was about 3" tall and fit into the table
by a dowel.  "Open wide bitch!" said a smiling Lola as she Lowered the
slaves head. s opened as wide as she could taking the cock in her mouth.
With her head secure she could not raise it nor move it to the side.

    " Sweet s, we are going to get a quick bite to eat. You and your
friend make a pretty sight."
said John as he stepped back to admire his work, " I will not miss a
thing as the cameras will record everything you do."
    " CAMERA!" thought s, she had been film before, bound and sucking
and fucking but it had not accurd to her that in here she would have no
privcy.

    The door creaked open and shut as John and Lola left. Wasting little
time the went to John's bedroom. As he turned on the TV and tuned in the
dungeon, a horny Lola striped.
Pushing John down on the floor the woman engulfed his half hard cock. I
sprung to life!
 "Look!" John said pointing to the TV
Lola stopped her cocksucking and turn to look just at the timer on the
vibrating butt plug started in poor s's asshole. They laughed as the
blonde jump at the feeling. The movement forced her nipples to rub the
sandpaper, her tits to pull at the clamps and her arms to twist. 
Just a John planned all the correct torture at the correct time. Poor s
quickly remembered to clamp her ass shut and lay still. The sadists
watched for a few minutes then Lola went back to her job, now licking
her lover's balls in anticipation of that big cock in her wet cunt!!!


HOPE YOU LIKE THE STORIES SO FAR! 
I LIKE YOUR COMMENTS SO PLEASE WRITE. ESPECIALLY IF YOU ARE A SUB FEMALE
OR A D/S COUPLE . I AM LOOKING FOR A SUB AS MINE HAS LEFT FOR A BETTER
JOB. IF YOU WANT THE OTHER PARTS LET ME KNOW.




THE RETURN
PART 8 (MF/ff bdsm)

      Lola the dominant slut finished her oral pleasure of her sadistic
lover, John, just as he saw his slave relax on the TV screen. The
vibrating butt plug has stopped as John had set. s strapped to a table
of torture by the two doms, her sore tits hanging onto sandpaper
breathed heavily around the thick dildo she was forced to keep in her
mouth. Chained to the far wall of the basement dungeon, Lola's slave,
twat, clinched her aching muscles in sympathy to her sister submissive.           

   Lola straddled John's rock hard 8inch plus meat. She positioned
herself to afford  both of them a view of their tormented sluts. The hot
Mistress rode his cock like she had not had any in years. Moaning and
yelling " MASTER!! FUCK ME FUCK YOUR SLUT!!!!"  Two orgasms quickly over
took the humping woman then one long even climax hung with her. 

     They watched s endure two more torturous vibrating sessions before
John pushed Lola off.She knew what to do.  Lola grabbed a glass from the
nightstand and went to licking and sucking her cunt juice from the
massive cock. Finally grunting and moaning John shot his wad. Careful
not to loose any, Lola aimed John's tool into the glass. She knew he
wanted to save it for something special. John collapsed back and Lola
tongued him clean.

       Of course Lola was not satisfied, so as John sucked and licked
her big tits the dom to other but sub to he man, fucked her self to
several more climaxes after inserting a plug in her ass and using a 12
inch rubber cock. Without taking much time to rest Lola again uses her
talented mouth to bring John to attention. Handing the horny woman a
rubber from the nightstand draw John lays back. With a devilish grin,
having a good idea what her lover wants Lola slowly opens the package.
" Is this how Master wants his slaves to cover you wonderful cock?" she
says coyly as she places the rubber in her mouth. Covering his hard rod
with her mouth Lola works the latex sheath down over his flesh until it
is stretched to the max and his cock is in her throat. Pulling away she
licks his big balls " My ass Master?" she says already knowing the
answer.          With a nod of his head, Lola reached behind and pulled
the nasty plug from her ass. Tossing it aside she said " I'll have twat
clean that off later."  With his slut on all 4s John knelt in back of
her and slowly but steadily pushed his rod into her open asshole. 

      Lola was a vocal fuck " YYESSS fuck my ass!!!" she moaned. Wanting
it harder and harder, John was happy to oblige and he rammed her ass.
Lola reached down and played with her clit. Just then John looked at the
television and saw his little slave scream into the dildo gag as she
bucked with her first climax. That shot John over the edge and with
several hard thrusts her blew his load into Lola's ass. A chain
reaction, Lola felt the cock pulse and shoot which sent her into a final
immense orgasm. 

    With John deflated Lola carefully milked the contents of the condom
into the glass with the rest of John's semen. When some got on her
fingers she turned to him and slowly sensuously licked the fluid, not
wasting any of the Master of the House's seed.

     Rested and showered John and Lola stroll downstairs to see to their
slave girls. They find both covered in sweat. The better trained 19 year
old, twat, fresh from a second orgasm was awake when they opened the
noisy door. Poor  s was passed out from her third cum and numerous
vibrations. John stood there a moment and enjoyed the sight of the thick
dildos in his properties mouth and ass. 

      They released sexy twat first as she was in bondage longer that
her partner. The dildo was pulled from her cunt and her nipples released
by John. When her arms and gag were removed by her Mistress twat
groveled to the ground. Her lips pressed against Lola's foot, " Thank
you Mistress Lola, this slave is so grateful for the orgasms and
torment!" she said then did the same to John's feet. twat truly meant it
as she has gone as long as two weeks without a climax.

     As they let twat rest the two sadists turned their attention to s,
who had awakened to twat's groveling.  They started with the plug in her
ass, then the clamped tits and sandpaper cart below. Finally they pulled
her mouth off the thick dildo gag but John kept her neck trapped the
pillory. He pulled her head up and leered into her sweat covered face, "
I hope you have learned something, CUNT!"

     "Yes Master John, your whore has learned to behave and pay
attention to you and every lesson she is taught. I will learn well, Sir"
answered a shaky slave.

     " And what matters Bitch?" he spat

     " Only this whore's Master and his friends matter, Sir. His comfort
and pleasure are all important"....   At that moment s had a revelation,
she meant what she was saying! She was ready to give herself to
him,TOTALLY!

      John smiled at Lola, he had seen that look and both had felt that
emotion before. He was surprized that it came so soon.

      s was released and as the two doms left they gave the slave's a
half hour to clean up the dungeon and equipment and to crawl upstairs to
serve dinner.       
      The knelt on the floor while picking up, twat took a look at the
cameras and risking a punishment smiled at s, then touching the older
woman's tear stained cheek she whispered,  " You will do fine and have
more pleasure than you can stand."

     " I know." said s and kissed twat on the cheek. 

      Dinner was served and the slave's waited on their Owners until
bed. They fell asleep quickly. s wondered what the next day would bring.


HELLO, I AM ATTEMPTING TO POST TO OTHER GROUPS. AN EXPERIMENT.
ALL RESONABLE COMMENTS WELCOME AND ANSWERED. EMAIL PLEASE I AM
ESPECIALLY INTERESTED IN FEMALE SUBS OR COUPLES. I HAVE RECENTLY LOST MY
BLONDE SUB TO A JOB MOVE. YES I AM LOOKING FOR CYBER PALS OR MORE.  IF
YOU HAVE A SPECIAL INTREST, EVEN GUYS, I WOULD LIKE TO HEAR IT. THE
USUAL TABOOS, NO KIDS OR SCAT OR BLOOD OR GORE. IF YOU WANT THE FIRST 7
PARTS EMAIL AND I WILL SEND.
THANK YOU.




The Return
Part 9 (BDSM)

After the long and stimulating Saturday, s and twat, the two slaves, got
up and quickly showered and applied the required make up.  s had an idea
of what her Master expected, from the first time she was with him but
twat had to fill her in on some changes that John had found appealing. 

Naked the two sore but horny submissive women, twat of a mear 19 years
and s of a more mature 32, did their morning chores and prepared
breakfast for there Owners. 

At ten o'clock they knocked on the door of John's big bedroom. Hearing
Lola yell for them to enter, twat balanced the tray and opened the door
for s. John was laying in bed, naked, watching television. s's eyes
immediately went to the man she loved and his big flaccid prick, he
caught her staring at it but said nothing. Lola was in the bathroom and
called, " twat, you cunt bitch, get in here!"  twat put down the tray
and answered " Coming Mistress!" John told s to put her tray down and go
into the bathroom and watch. He knew that it would be good training for
her and more humiliating for twat to have someone watch. 

s got to the door and knelt in time to see twat kneeling before Lola as
she sat on the toilet. s could here Lola peeing. When Lola finished she
stood up and spread her legs. As trained the lowly slut twat put her
head between the Domme's legs. s watched as the young slave pressed her
face to Lola's trimmed cunt and started to lick her cunt clean of piss.
twat kept her wrists crossed behind her back and extended her neck to
please her lover/Owner. twat extended her tongue into the woman's wet
hole and danced it around the edges. She obediently flicked the harden
clit until Lola grabbed the slave's head and pulled it further into her
crotch. twat's open mouth engulfed Lola's box as she tasted the salty
awful piss.

s was so engrossed in sadistic scene the she did not hear her Master
come up behind her.  Finally Lola pushed her property away walked toward
s. s quickly bowed her head, she blushed with shame for her sister slave
who crawled after her Mistress. s was surprised when John stepped past
her and ordered to kneel next to the toilet. " You will hold my dick
while I pee then clean it as did twat!" he ordered to s's astonishment.
"BBBut SSir!" she started "You will obey and you will be punished for
that out burst! he barked. "Yes Master." whimpered s as she knew she
must obey and did not wish to anger her lover. 

Gently she took his big cock and directed it to the bowl. The smelly
fluid started to flow as she tried to look away. John put his hand on
her golden hair and turned her head to watch.  " You must learn, my
sweet," he said " if you miss the bowl you will lick it up!"

As the flow stopped s shook the dick as guys do. John them turned to
her. Gently she raised his cock to her open mouth as she lowered her
head. s shivered at the first full taste of piss. Giving head she had
tasted some but this was much greater and when she noticed that Lola was
watching, it became the most degrading thing she had ever done and she
was so ashamed that it turned her on so much. Her shaved cunt was
soaked. 

The two slaves served breakfast to their owners. John noticed that s's
mind was not fully on her job, although she served well, he knew she was
still on her knees in the bathroom. He wondered how stimulated she would
get when he filmed it and sold it in Lola's store!

While the dommes dressed, s and twat cleaned the dishes and were allowed
to eat scraps. They also had the opportunity to clean up and rid
themselves  of the awful taste. 

twat had been given instructions by Lola and brought s over to the
dresser that held the sexy and certain other clothes. s helped twat into
a tight white corset. s pulled hard on the laces as twat kept telling
her "tighter". The young slave knew what her Owner wanted. twat then
slinked into white hose and heels so high they were painful to walk in.
twat then gave s a red garter belt and hose and they same heels in red.
twat handled them well but s almost fell over. She started protesting
but twat put her finger to her lips and s fell silent. Both beautiful
slaves waited, kneeling with heads bowed in the living room for their
lovers of arrive. 

Almost a half hour had gone before the two dommes arrived to inspect the
kneeling "meat" John " Do you think they will do?" " twat is up to her
usual sub standards but s needs work, perhaps later we will have
presentation pratice." answered Lola as she crouched by s, running her
hands over the woman's breasts. s was not quite used to the touch of a
woman, but that would change drasiticly soon. 

To the pleasure of the slaves John and Lola changed their simple black
collars and cuffs to those that match their sexy outfits. The leather
was also decorated with rinestones and other sparkly gems. "Sunday Best"
is what John called it.

John then manned a video camera as Lola, dressed in a leather halter and
short skirt, attached leashes to the slave's collars and pulled them to
their feet. John followed as Lola lead the slaves back down to the
dungeon.  John noticed a shiver run through s as she realized where she
was heading. Down the staires Lola lead them, wrists crossed behind
them, heads properly bowed. John was happy that the training was taking
with lovely s.

Once in the main room Lola told twat to stay by the padded table. Taking
s to the corner of the room she was ordered to her knees. In front of
her, sticking out from a beam was a large black dildo, about 10 inches
long and fat. " NOW whore, while I get the other bitch ready, I want you
to give this dick your best blow job. Suck it good, understand!!"
ordered Lola "Yes Mistress Lola, this whore understands." answered s and
with that she opened her mouth and leaned forward taking the plastic
phallus in her hot mouth. Her mind drifted to her Master, and how much
she wanted his cock in her mouth. 

John focused in on the blonde's bobing head as she sucked and licked the
dick. The black contrasted well with her tan skin and golden hair.

Attentioned turned to twat as Lola patted the table. The smiling girl
positioned herself as instructed. Her ass just hanging off the table,
twat lay back. Lola secured the slave's ankles to chains from the
ceiling and pushed the button to make them spread wide apart. As she
rubbed her property's open cunt Lola grabbed the thick leather strap and
ran it across twat's tight corseted waist. Pulling hard on the strap
Lola secured the slut to the table. Next came straps to the slave's
wrists and upper arms, this effectivly lashed her down. While John
filmed Lola played with twat's firm boby. She sucked the slave's tits
hard and pushed three fingers up her hot wet cunt. The Mistress' tongue
worked it's stimulating magic on the slave. The little lesbian slut
wanted more, she wanted her bi lover, pushing against the straps she
wanted more fingers inside her, she wanted more of Lola's touch.

Lola was also lost in her own pleasure. She soon realized what she was
doing and went back to work. She attached clamps to twat's hard nipples
and ran string from them up to the ceiling, then weighted them with
several onces of lead. The last adjustment was two clamps, one to each
labia, with small chains attached running around her tight ass. This
held open her dripping wet hole. John took time to zoom in on her cunt
as Lola happily toyed with her hard clit.

All the time s was obediantly sucking the rubber dick on the wall. John
had set up a tripod camera to tape her for cuts into the film.  Lola
grabbed the woman by her hair and pulled her off the dick. Dragging her
across the room she pushed her to her knees before twats spead legs.

s was confused as John put the camera down  and along with Lola started
securing her to a strange device. She was made to kneel on a carpeted
board. Another board was run between her legs which were strapped down
to the carpeted board, keeping her on her knees.  The board runnin under
her crotch had two large fat dildos attached, s did not have to think
hard as to where they were going. What worried her was the plastic sheet
that was placed over her calves. The sheet had holes for the dildos.
What was bad was that it had small plastic spikes sticking up from it. s
was ordered to impale herself, cunt and ass on the dildos. John again
zoomed in on the impalment as she slowly worked the big dicks into her
holes. Careful s worked her way down as Lola yelled at her to go faster
and told her what a worthless cunt she was. 

s was impaled on the cocks, stopping just above the spikes. Lola put a
wide belt around the slave's waist and a leather harness on her head.
s's elbow were strapped together pushing her big tits forward. 

Straps  were then attached from s's head harness to the belt around
twat's waist, pulling s's face within inches of the young slave's cunt.
Another strap from the back of s's belt to the board she was kneeling
on. Lola left a long part of the strap from the board out so she could
control the tension. 

It was very difficult for s to keep forward thus keep her ass and thighs
off the spikes. She was shaking and felt the sweat under her arms. 

Lola strutted around the slaves " s, you bitch, you Master and I decided
that we were not going to waste a lot of time teaching you to eat pussy!
You have always wondered so now you learn and quickly!"  s shuddered,
she always thought her first experiance would be a slow process. " You
will lick and suck twat to four climaxes. She has been ordered to resist
so you have to work hard. You may hesitate but I would not advise it.
You feel the spikes, well for each five minutes you take to make my
slave cum I will pull you down on the spikes harder and harder.  NOW
bitch start!!" ordered Lola as she tugged on the strap.


STAY TUNED FOR OUR NEXT EXCITING ADVENTURE!!! SAME TIME SAME STATION 
OOPS FORGOT WHERE I WAS!

ANY GOOD COMMENTS AND SUGGESTIONS ARE WELCOME, ESPECIALLY FROM SUB
FEMALES AND COUPLES BUT ALL ANSWERED, EVEN GUYS. LOST MY SUB A WHILE AGO
AND AM LOOKING FOR STIMULATING CONVERSATION. HAVE FOUND A SUB WHO IS
STIMULATING BUT NOT LOOKING SO KEEP THOSE CARDS AND LETTERS COMMING IN.




The Return
Partt 10 (Mf)

     The slave s knelt, with her head strapped only inches from her new
slave friend, twat's, cunt. Their Owner's stood by, each smiling,
waiting for s to obey.  Slowly the slave moved her mouth to the shaved
hole. It was not soon enough though, Lola pulled the strap that forced s
down on to the plastic spikes a that lay between her calves and ass. She
still tried to lift herself up from the tormenting objects.

s started licking twat's open cunt. She had been curious and attracted
to the younger girl and now she started to know the art of giving
pleasure to her. s moved her tongue over the bare skin working her way
up to twat's engorged clit. Being bound and helpless always made the
little lesbian bitch hot as hell, a true sub.

s found the clit and felt the girls hips moved as she touched it with
her tongue. The new slave moved her tongue up and down on the sensitive
spot sometimes darting it in and out of twat's hole. Another tug from
Lola pulled s harder down on the spines. " Another five minutes
already!" thought s. 

Just a moment later and s had twat bucking and pulling at her bonds in
climax. Now turned on and determined to complete her orders s bore down
and started licking her bondage sister as she liked. 

Sucking the clit and flicking it rapidly with her talented tongue, s had
twat moaning with her second orgasm a second before cruel Lola tighten
the strap another notch. s heard her Master " That is two, very good my
dear."

s soon forgot the pain and discomfort that the spines brought to her ass
and continued to eat her companion slave.  That was another goal of the
Dommes, too make the slut forget her discomfort and concentrate on
giving pleasure and following orders.

Although twat continued to resist s was good. twat came again hard, then
went slack against the chains. s had one more to go. She licked and
fucked the slut with her tongue. Lola happily pulled the strap again,
forcing s to groan from the torment! Finally a last shutter from
satisfied twat. 
The last climax had been reached but s was too turned on to notice. Her
cunt was dripping fluid around the impaling dildo, her attempts to pull
away from the spines caused her to double hole fuck herself.  Lola and
John continued to allow her to eat out twat's pussy for several more
minutes before releasing the tension on the impaling strap.

s was released from her torturous position. With her arms still bound
behind her she was allowed to impale herself on John's huge hard cock as
he lay on soft pillows in the corner. The bitch rammed the rod up her
hole like she has never done before. Lost in lust s had every thing
blocked out except the orgasms that that flowed through her body. The
slave came numerous times before her pleased Master blew his load deep
in her cunt.  s revelled in licking her juice and his cum from John's
still hard cock, while he lounged back and watched Lola and twat.

twat was still bound but Lola had straddled the slave's face and was
riding it to relieve her carnal needs. Grabbing the sluts hair she
pulled the 19 year olds face into her wet crotch. twat licked and sucked
her Mistress with great satisfaction that her action could please her so
much. 

John released s' arms so she could use her hands and mouth to bring him
off again as he watched his friend satisfy herself on the slave. He blew
an other huge load, this time s could take it in her throat and consume,
with pleasure, her Master's seed. 

John and Lola left the dungeon arm and arm. The slave's had an hour to
rest and clean up the place. Although not allowed twat risked
punishment, embracing s and giving her a deep passionate kiss, which s
returned in full. s also took time to look at her very sore ass in the
mirror. Fifty or more red dots covered the fine tight flesh.  She would
see more of the plastic spines.

Finishing their work in time the two slaves reported to their Owners on
the back deck. They knelt awaiting orders. John made them strut around
showing off their pretty outfits. They were made to bend and show their
asses and open their cunts in degrading ways. Finally they were sent
upstairs to pack Lola's things and for twat to change into her traveling
clothes.

Before leaving, Lola took great pleasure in making twat suck John's soft
dick to hardness them take his cum in her mouth with a long blow job. As
a lesbian, that act was very distastfull to poor twat. Lola made her
carry the cum in her mouth as long as possible on the drive home.

John and s talked about the weekend that afternoon as she served him in
the painful high heels and sexy clothes.

They fucked all afternoon and evening. Just before they fell asleep John
told s that next weekend they were going to the city to see Lola and
take her next big lesson.


THANKS FOR THE COMMENTS. ANY CONSTUCTIVE COMMENTS WELCOME. ESPECIALLY
FROM COUPLES OR SUB FEMALES. I AM AN EXPERIANCED DOM MALE WHO LOST HIS
SUB A WHILE AGO. IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO CORROSPOND PLEASE EMAIL.




The Return
Part 11 (Mf Ds)

    The week went fast as John worked and s took care of the house and
animals and made some job inquiries on the phone. She also study books
and some rule that John expected her to follow in her servitude to him.

   Friday afternoon found s and her Owner taking the 3 hour long desert
drive to the city. John drove as s relaxed, well sort of! s was dressed
in a short light dress that was cut very low in the front to show her
ample cleavage, with garter belt, hose and 5 inch heels. To remind her
of her status she wore a thick gold choker that John had clamped on with
pliers and a 6 inch butt plug up her ass. Poor s worked very hard to
keep it in as it did not have a strap. Using just her muscles to keep it
in, it was fine sitting but walking made it difficult. John liked it as
she had to walk very upright and looked proud. John called her his "
Trophy Slave" and s liked that. 

Just to make things difficult John stopped at a small cantina about half
way for dinner. With s following they found a booth all the way in the
back. John took the scenic route through the bar to give all the ranch
hands a good look at s, also to give her practice in holding the plug
in.

The restaurant portion was not very crowded, so when a favorite song of
s' came on the juke box John grabbed her hand, standing her up he
started a slow dance with her. Although uncomfortable s melted into his
chest. Each time he turned her to the wall he would grab her ass to feel
how tight her cheeks were working on her task. 

Finally reaching the city they checked into the hotel. John kept s
beside him as he checked in and walked through the pool area to their
room. He wanted to give every one a good look at his property.

In the room he watched an uncomfortable s, unpack as he called Lola.
They were to meet a club in a little while. s was allowed to remove the
plug as they showered and s washed her Owner. When she got dressed again
John had her bend and insert the dreaded plug again and a 6 inch dildo
in her pussy. Poor s had such a look of fear on her face not knowing how
she was suppose to keep the dildo in? John enjoyed the suffering then
showed her the harness. It was attached and they left.

Meeting Lola and twat at a nice club that s had not been too, they
hugged and greeted each other as would any friends and with a few small
exceptions that is the way the night went. Only difference is that s and
twat fetched drinks and could not dance with the fellers that asked
them.  During the evening in their corner booth, s had it explained that
at noon she would work for Lola for the day, what work was not
explained. Lola had a number of businesses left to her by her father. A
very diverse group, a strip mall, a video store, a Radio Shack
franchise, a partnership in several others and a Strip Bar. Along side
the bar Lola opened an adult toy store, the largest  in that part of the
state. 

The evening ended at about 1 am.John and s retired to the hotel and fell
asleep quickly.

Poor s was nervous all morning. She could stomach only a light brunch
and did not show much interest in shopping. John liked to see her like
that, he knew he had control. Lola had given John the clothes for her to
wear. A white string bikini top, a spandex white skirt and 5 inch, "Fuck
Me" heels. He had removed the chain collar. 

s was surprised when John pulled up at the adult store entrance and said
" Here you go! I will see l you later, Love Ya" and kissed her. The long
legged blonde slave got out of the car and mustered up her courage and
walked into the store. 

The store was rather elegant, or at least much better than others s had
seen. Lola ran a tight ship. It was also large, but seemed to carry the
same usual stuff.  There was only one customer, he was browsing at the
magazines. s was looking around as was surprised by the young man behind
the counter, " Can I help you?" he asked. s turned and say a tall thin,
handsome man in his twenties.  "III'm looking for the owner." she
stuttered.

He directed her to the door around the corner. s knocked and heard "
Come in" On entering she saw Lola on a leather chair in the small
office. Behind the desk was a young attractive woman dressed in a
leather jacket. She had long light brown hair and perfect make up.

" Don't just stand there, bitch, close the door!" said Lola
s closed the door and step in " Hello
MMistress Lola." she said not quite sure what to say infront of the
other woman. Lola pointed to the floor. s sank to her knees and lowered
her head. Lola addressed the leather clad woman
" This is s, she is not well trained but will work for the display today
and tonight, use her as you wish, we have her Owner's permission."  Lola
then left. s stayed on her knees. 
The woman stood and walked around the desk," You will call me Madam
Monet.I run this shop. You will obey me at all times, do not speak
unless I ask you something or a customer asks you a question. You will
work for me here until after dinner, then you will be used in the club.
Understand!" "Yes Madam Monet." answered s.
Monet was 5'9" thin and 21 years old. 
Her tight leather pants stretched as she crouched next to s. Taking s'
face she planted a kiss on the sub. s resisted for a second and then the
pleasure hit and she returned the Dominatrix's kiss. Monet then felt the
slave's tits " Not bad for an old lady." she spat and stood.

She lead s out into the store. " Open those boxes and peg the
merchandise, then get the duster from Jerry and dust until I am ready
for you, and if a customer has a question try to answer or call Jerry."
ordered Monet and she went back to the office. 

In silence s did as told. One customer said "Hi" remembering the rules
she returned "Hello Sir." with her sexiest smile. The several customers
eyed her naked legs and she knew she was showing some ass as she reached
the top pegs. One man whistled and s flooded white embarrassment.

After a couple of hours, s noticed the place started to fill up. Even a
few women and couple. Then she was called over the speaker and reported
to Monet at the office. 

"It's show time!" said Monet as she put a metal choke collar on s and
attached a leash. s heard a bell ring and a few moments later she was
lead out of the office to an alcove, across the store. About eight
people had not gone into the alcove and all stared at the lovely leashed
slave being lead by the leather Mistress.  s walked with her wrists
crossed  and head down, degraded before strangers.

As they passed through the curtain into the alcove about 15 eyes turned
toward her. Monet lead her up two steps to the well lite middle of a
small 10 by 10 stage.  Dropping the leash Monet ordered s to "STAY". s
held her position.  "Welcome ladies and gentleman to our usual Friday
showcase of products. We have several new ones we have invented and
produced right here and others that we have just stocked. Our
demonstration girl here will be happy to show them to you and entertain
you at the same time." announced Monet.
Shivers flew up and down s' spine when she heard what was expected but
that same old wet feeling also shot through her hot cunt.  Monet circled
the slave slowly running her hands over her body and whispering "If you
do not sell five items you will be whipped 50 times tonight and tied by
your thumbs!"

That gave s some mighty incentive to be as slutty as she could. 

s was ordered to strip! She had only been naked in front of lovers and
locker rooms never in public. With shaky hands she reached for the
string to her top. first the one on her back then around her neck. Her
big tits were exposed to the crowd who let out a muffled cheer. Then the
humiliated slave reached to the snap on the side of her short skirt.
When that was loose she slowly slide it down to just above her naked
shaved cunt. With a blast of courage she pushed it past her hips to the
floor and stepped out of it. 

Now s stood naked except shoes and a choke chain. Her eyes to the floor,
her wrists crossed in her back and her skin flushed with red. The crowd
cheered and cat called. Lewd remarks were encouraged by Monet as she
raised her riding crop  as to present the slave to the group.

s shivered in degradation!!


STAY TUNED FOR MORE. 
COMMENTS WELCOME. I KNOW MORE OF YOU LADIES ARE READING THIS. DROP ME AN
EMAIL.






THE RETURN PART 12 

Pretty s shivered with fear and the cool air. She stood naked before
many staring eyes for the first time. Monet looked her charge up and
down, grinning at the goose pimples. 

"Display kneeling" ordered Monet.

With a start,s, went to her knees and placed her hands behind her head,
pulling her lovely blond hair away from her neck. Her legs were well
spread, showing the crowd her shaved cunt. Eyes case down and back
strait, she was a seductive sight. 
"Very good,slut" said Monet to s as she ran the leather crop over the
slave's tight shoulders. 

"Sara, YOU WHORE!" spat the domme.

A curtain parted in the back of the alcove.
Pushing a cart entered an attractive red head. sara was rather plump,
but very firm, with large firm tits, pale areolas and wonderfully hard
nipples, pierced and adorned with 3 inch rings. From each ring a small
bell. The plump slave also had her septum ringed and from there to each
nipple ran a small gold chain. 
As she pushed the cart into the light the crowd stared at sara's other
adornments. Around her waist was a highly polished band of stainless
steel. From the back of the belt ran another thick band down between he
legs and up her crotch. The rear or the band sported a hinge and the
front locked into the belt with a flush mounted lock. Around her wrists
and ankles were matching tight cuffs and to top off her decorations a
bright thick chain collar with no apparent latch.

When sara pushed the cart in front of Monet she bowed her head and
turned to the crowd. 
" This is the slut sara" spoke Monet" her Master has her working here
for those of you who are new. As you can see she is required to were
this chastity belt. This slut will fuck anything that will fit in her.
Her Master makes these belts and restraints to special order. We are 
the
only distributors." 
sara turned and bent over then stood again so the group could get a 
look
at her Master's work. 
" They are not cheap" Monet continued " about $1,000.00 for the whole
set, depending on the size. You may get more information from this 
bitch
after the presentation."
Monet slapped sara on her full firm ass with the crop. The naked slave
knew what to do.
She stepped to the cart and picked up a thick collar of black leather
and held it up for the audience to see. As Monet started to describe 
the
item sara stepped up on the stage. She had worn belts for several years
and had been on display longer than that but she felt the steel cause
her cunt juices to ooze out to her naked lips.

The plump slut, deftly placed the collar around poor s' neck. " See how
the sleek black shows up against the blond slave bitch's skin," pitched
Monet.

s kept her place as several collars were locked and displayed in this
way. The last collar was a thick 4 inch model that kept her neck
stretched. She felt the cold metal of the large ring in front touch her
upper chest. She again shivered but the wetness between her legs show
that it was not from fear but excitement.

" We have only one new gag to show you but I think you will like it,"
said Monet as sara picked up the item." It is a bit gag. The bit itself
is covered in rubber as not to hurt your property's cheeks of lips. It
has a velco strap for quick removal and large attachment rings. The
unique part of this product is the flat plate in the center of the bit.
This plate lays on the tounge. The tiny spikes you see will keep your
submissive quite during most scenes."
With this sara place the torture device infront of s' face.

"Open wide bitch" ordered the Mistress.

s obeyed. sara pulled the bit into the blond's mouth and secured it
behind her head. The audience was amused when s shoke her head when the
spikes touched her tounge. 

" Speak " ordered Monet.

"uhhh mmm" was all s could muster with the sharp pricks to her tounge.

With a motion from the Madam, sara grabbed s' nipple and gave it a hard
twist.
Pain shot thru the slave but she was kept silent by the gag.

" Now ladies and gentilemen we come to a more intimate item." announced
the leather clad domme.
sara held up a crome bar with leather cuffs on each end, then stepped 
up
an secured it to s' ankles, keeping them well appart. 
" I know you are saying to yourselves , SO. It is not the bar but the
attachment"
said Monet.

sara displayed another rod with a large black studded butt plug
attached. She knelt down behind poor s, who was trying desperatly to 
see
what was happening.
A loud click and the rod was attached to the spreader. With nod from 
her
Mistress, sara bent over and took the evil plug in her mouth. Slowly 
the
rubber disappeared into the subs mouth. Her head bobbed and little by
little she sucked the plug deep. Soon her head was moving as giving her
best blowjob. The crowd was delighted, responding with crude comment.
Each humiliation comment caused the slut to become wetter and wetter.

"Enough!" spat Monet. sara immediatly stopped and grabbed the bar with
one hand and s' shoulder with the other. 
responding to the pressure of her sister slave's hand, s slowly sat,
squinting her eyes in anticipation of the painful intrusion to her ass.
As the tip of the plug touched her hole she hesitated. Feeling sara pat
her on the shoulder the resume pushing made s realize she had no 
choice. 

" As you see, folks, the bar is flexable, to allow the proper angle for
maximum penatration." said the salesman Monet.

As she had learned and secretly enjoyed, s relaxed her muscles for the
penatration. 
The audiance started obscenely cheering the slave on as she took inch 
by
inch up her ass. She felt the torturous pricks on her tounge as she
tried to grit her teeth to lessen the discomfort. 

Finally her asshole closed over the plug.
The full 8 inches and its thickness rested in her rectum. Yet s felt 
the
drip on cunt juice on her inner thigh and the twinges that warned of an
orgasm building. 

Again sara patted the slave on the shoulder before she stood. Leaning
back on the plug not only excited s but took some pressure off her sore
knees.

Monet continued her sales speach and reviewed each item again while s
waited, impaled! She was ordered to lower her arms and cup her breast,
presenting them to anyone who wished to caress or tug on them. 

" Time for a 15 minute break in the presentation, ladies and 
gentilemen.
I will be back with more. Feel free to help your selves to the
refreshments, sara is passing around." announced Monet before she left.

Big tited naked sara carried a tray and obediently served and answered
question about her dress. s finally got a good look at the red head
slave and to her dismay found her very attractive.

Impaled and tormented, s waited for Monet to return and thinking how
much she wanted her Owner's hard dick.

COMMENT? IF YOU LIKE I WILL TELL YOU WHERE YOU CAN FIND THE OTHER 11
CHAPTERS.





THE RETURN PART 13

The show resume with poor s still in the awkward position. The big plug
up her ass, the spines pressing her tongue and her tits presented to 
the
crowd.
Monet started with attaching various clamps to the blond slaves large
erect nipples. Plated clothes pin types that pinched tight enough to
cause the slave's eyes to tear and adjustable ones that caused the
slave's cunt to tear. sara did her job well, attaching then removing 
the
painful devices. 

After a dozen or so clamps sara placed a gold plated set on s' sore
nubs. She slowly twisted the adjustment screw, watching her sister
slave's face for signs of pain. When s winced, sara gave the screw one
more turn to secure it then stepped away. 

Monet who had been explaining the features of the devices then stepped
in front of s. s still had her hands on her tits presenting them to her
tormentor. 

"This is the part I like>."said Monet to the crowd with a smile.

She took teardrop weights and started placing them in the loops built 
in
to the clamps. One then two weights on each tortured bud of flesh. The
pain forced s to press her tongue against the horrid spines of the gag.
Monet paused to run her long fingernails over the captures and press
nipples. Monet took her sadistic time, forgetting about the audience. 
s, with her head bowed could only watch as Monet hung more weight,
pulling her breasts down.

" You see the versatility of these clamps, ladies and gentlemen, they
are adjustable, you can add weights for more torment and add these snap
in teeth to bite down into the tender flesh of those submissive who
shill have some rebellion left in them" said Monet as she held up the
rather threatening looking jaws.

As the leather clad sales lady pitched the merchandise, sara prepared
the next display. She cuffed s' wrists to an overhead chain and on
signal from Monet pushed the button that activated the winch. 

s was slowly pulled to her feet. Inch by inch she rose. s felt the pain
and emptiness as the plug was pulled slowly from her ass. The pulley
stopped when s was stretched tightly upwards. Her legs were still 
spread
wide by the bar between her ankles. With her eyes still cast to the
floor, like a good slave s realized that her bare cunt was now exposed
to the gawkers and that the wetness that covered the inside of both
thighs was clearly visible. 

" As we come to the end of our presentation, there are just a couple
more items that you might be interested in."
announced Monet.

sara knelt behind s' tight ass waiting for Monet to finish. She horny
slut dearly wanted to touch and lick the wonderful smooth skin. When 
the
Mistress finished sara reached up to s' shaved cunt lips. She attached
painful toothed clamps to each. The clamps were attached to rods that 
in
turn were attached to a flat metal plate. sara then took a fat thick
lifelike dildo and for the crowds enjoyment rubbed it on s' soaking wet
cunt. As sara rubbed it on the slave's skin, it looked from the front
like s kept getting an erection. As it touched the bound bitch's clit a
wave of pleasure shot through he body like lightening. 
" Oh god, please let me cum!" thought 
s. 

As her pleasure built Monet addressed her " SLUT! do you want the dick
inside you?"
With little hesitation or thought for the humiliation that it would
bring, s shook her head in a definite, Yes..

The ever observant sara started working it into the hot wet hole. s'
eyes closed and her legs went weak as the big rubber cock penetrated
deep in her hole. Monet smiled as the slave tried to push down to meet
the intruding phallus. s felt the cock touch her womb, deep in her 
body.
She waited for sara to pull it back out so she could feel it enter her
again.

"YESSS, one more and I can come, please yesss!" thought s

It was not to happen. sara fixed the dildo to the device and started
turning the screws on the rod. s felt the pain as the cock pressed on
her cunt and pulled the clamps on her labia. A moan of pleasure, pain a
frustration escaped the wench's lips. It was loud and clear and pleased
the audience. The dildo was now held in s' cunt by the contraption.
Monet reached up and rubbed s' exposed clit. The subs knees buckled at
the torment.

Finally s' ample tits were bound up by new leather and velcro straps.
Like melons they were round and hard. This added to the sensitivity of
her clamped and weighted nipples.

" This young lady will be happy to stay this way for a while for your
inspection. When you are ready, sara and the clerk will be out on the
floor to take your orders or ring up your purchese. You may also pick 
up
your ticket for a free drink next door in the bar.  Thank you very much
for your attention. Tomorrow we will have a young lady demonstrating 
the
latest vibrators."
With that Monet left the room. 

s hung there as several of the patrons took there time looking over her
and the merchandise. 

s was now alone. She had been bound like this by Lola and her Owner but
never in a strange place. Tears started to well in her eyes. She 
thought
of the humiliation she just allowed herself to be subjected too. The
shame flooded her body causing a flush to cover her skin. Still she was
alone, naked and bound. She felt a cold on her inner thighs as her twat
flow juice.
Finally she gave in to her feelings and realized that she loved her
position, she was a submissive and that is why she returned to John.

sara finally entered. It had been a hour although s had no track of
time. sara's chain to her nose ring was gone and she was dressed in a
tight spandex dress. Her big tits were well displayed. Her 6 inch heels
clicked on the floor as she walked to the platform.

sara proceeded to release the new slave. As she unbuckled the gag she
whispered to s, " I cannot say much, we are being taped, but you did
well. You are cute, I hope we have a chance to get together."
sara kissed s' shoulder.
s stayed silent as her tongue hurt. 
When she was free s looked around for her clothes. Weak kneed she 
picked
them up and started to dress but was interupted by sara, " Do not get
dressed, just go to the bathroom and freshen up then report to Madam
Monet's office. The store is closed, just Jerry is counting out."

s needed the bathroom so carring her clothes she obeyed. Jerry eyed her
as she crossed the store. s used the bathroom as fast as she could. 
Then
crossed the hall and knocked on Monet's door.

Hearing " Come in" s entered the office.
Monet was sitting on the couch reading invoices. s put her clothes on
the chair next to the door and  quickly walked over to her and went to
her knees on the rug.

Monet made the sore slave wait then spoke," Not bad for a first time.
You sold more than your quota so you will not be punished"
"Thank you Madam Monet" answered s in a timid voice
"One thing though, you have made me very horny" Monet returned as she
spread her legs and hiked her skirt. " I know that you fucking tongue 
is
sore, but that should make it more sensitive. Come here bitch!" Ordered
Monet

s used her last energy to crawl between the pretty domme's legs. She
closed her mouth over the trimmed snatch and started to work her tongue
over Monet's hard wet clit. Monet leaned back to enjoy the dancing
tongue of this slave.

s licked Monet's clit then worked her way down into her soaking wet
hole. She pushed her trained tougue deep into the hole and fucked her
better slowly. s worked her way up until her mouth again covered 
Monet's
clit. She sucked hard and at the same time let her tongue rotate around
the sentive bud. s circled the clit in ever decreasing spirals until 
the
tip of her tongue just flicked her Madam's clit with ever increasing
speed.

s felt Monet's hips move and hear her breathing increase. She was 
afraid
to
look up. Monet was clawing at her leather encased breasts as her orgasm
built.
Grabbing s' head and pulling it into her cunt Monet came hard, rubbing
her drenched slit all over the slave's face.
Poor s wanted desperatly to touch herself.
One one small touch would have sent her over the edge, but she did not
have permission and feared the punishment.

When she recoved she Monet patted s on the head like the pet she was,
then had cuffed her wrists in front of her. Monet lead her naked charge
out of the office to the basement door. s was again sent into fear land
but as tired as she was it had little affect. Her bare feet felt the
cold stone of the steps. 
In the rather sparse but finished basement lay several wire cages. s 
was
lead to one of them and ordered to crawl in. There was a matress,
blanket along with a sandwich and a glass of water. 

" Eat and sleep my dear," said Monet
" someone will be back for you in a few hours, when it is time for you
to go to work in the club. You must be rested to see your Owner again.
He will be there.
Sweet dreams." Monet left s in the dim light, caged like dog.

s noticed another figure in a cage across the room. Another naked slave
awaiting her fate. s ate and drifted off to sleep quickly.





"THE RETURN" Part 14 (BDSM Mf Ff Oral)

s slept deeply, tired from her display and ordeal. The cage left just enough
room for her to stretch out. She started to wake when she was startled out of
her haze by the bright light and noise that invaded her being. "WAKE UP YOU
BITCHES" barked an unfamiliar voice.

s barely saw the tall woman, her eyes had not adjusted to the light.

The woman, dressed in jeans, boots and a nice western shirt, quick stepped to
the other cage, across the room. She opened the door and banged on the cage, "
SUSAN! GET THE FUCK OUT"

Her eyes adjusted, s saw a naked woman wiggle her way out of the cage. As she
cleared the door, the tall woman grabbed her hair and pulled her to her feet. 
She sported flaming red hair to her waist, and large tits. Susan's wrists were
handcuffed behind her and a large red ball gag was fixed to her mouth.

The woman reached around and unhooked the gag strap.  "Are you going to hold
back any tips now, CUNT!" asked the stern woman.

"No ma'am" answered poor susan. " It just won't be 24 hours in the cage next
time. Would you like 3  days in the Hole?" growled the woman.

"NO MA'AM" was susan's quick answer.

The woman removed the handcuffs, " Get your ass cleaned up, you have to be on
stage in 30 minutes" ordered the woman as she pushed susan toward the door.

The woman turned her attention to poor s. She removed s from the cage and looked
her over, " Not bad, you have a name cunt?"

" I am called s, Mistress" answered the naked slave.

"Cut that Mistress shit, just Stella, or Ma'am, and don't try to offer me any of
that pussy lickin crap! They warned me about you, said you would try to get your
way buy offering me some of that. I like cowboys with big dicks!" Pointing to a
stairway Stella continued" Up those stairs, first door on the right. Shower, fix
your self up and put on  the uniform, then report to me in the club kitchen in
an hour."

" Kitchen ma'am?" asked a shaky s

" End of the hall you dumb bitch" spat Stella as she turned. " When are they
going to send me a smart on!"

s followed the orders. She found the bathroom large and nice and well stocked
with cosmetics and hair products. The shower invigorated her. s fixed her hair
and face. Her nipples and ass hole were still sore from her torment.

When she was finished s took the package with he name on it. Inside she found a
very good quality french maid uniform, along with stockings, thong and 6 inch
heels. She admired herself in the mirror. Very low  cut, her nipples almost
showed and if she bent over her ass was plainly visible. Looking at the clock
she noticed that she had only taken 45 mins. and hurried off to impress Stella,
at least she hoped to.

She entered the kitchen and looked for Stella. There was one cook and a
dishwasher. The young hispanic dishwasher looked up, ran his eyes up  and down
the slave, causing her to flush red. " I ought to be used to this by now"
thought s.  He motioned to the door on the other side of the room.

As s approached in came Stella. " About fucking time." she snapped. " Take this
tray, you will bus tables tonight, the waitresses pick up their own tips. If get
any you give them to Jose ( the dishwasher).  Keep you mouth shut, be polite. If
a customer grabs your ass, politely pull away but always say" That in not
allowed but thank  you anyway"

s timidly entered the club. A blond on stage was stripping. She was  down to her
panties and boots and was shaking her big tits at the audience.  s noticed her
first empty table and proceeded to clean it off.  After a few minutes she
noticed another girl dressed as she was. Then a third.

s was caught dipping to clean one table, Stella quickly corrected this with a
tongue lashing. Now the barely dress slut encountered a new humiliation. Baring
her ass and displaying her ample cleavage to  drunken men. She was pawed and
grope as she went about her humiliating work.

One of the waitresses took her to clean the table in a small alcove. As she
approached the alcove the music was high and the beat hot. s looked to the stage
and saw Susan dancing, completely nude, her legs wide flailing her red hair to
the music. s stopped to watch for a moment, then turned to the table. Her face
turned pale as she froze in surprise. A trembling coursed through her body when
she saw her Owner, John, and Lola, sitting there.  She did not know what to do,
go to her knees, run, or carry on. John broke the silence " Well my dear, are
you going to clean up these glasses, could be a healthy tip in it for you?" he
said with a smile. Lola just stared at s over her drink. "YYes Sir," stammered
the slave.

Bending forward, her tits in full view of her Master she picked up the empty
glasses. Reaching out John placed a finger in the bodice of her dress, keeping
her bent forward. "I hope you are doing a good job, slave. Make sure everyone
gets a good look at you." he placed a 20 dollar bill between her tits" Make sure
I see your ass before you leave." John added.

s turned and bent deeply at the waist. Her dress came up showing her stocking
tops and tight ass to the man she loved. It was then that she flushed red and
her vaginal fluids started to gush. From that moment on the very humiliating
nature of her situation kept raising her libido to the edge of orgasm. Her thong
was soaked through in a few minutes. Even when she turned over the tip to Jose
the dishwasher, and her dried his hands then pushed them down her dress she
closed her eyes. Knowing that Stella and the cook were watching this young man
grope and fondle her tits, without regard for her feelings turned the slut on.

Through the remainder of the night s continued her work. She observed the
dancers thinking that what she could learn would please her Owner.

At 2am s met John and Lola by the front doors. She stood with her head bowed and
hands behind her back as they said good night to Stella. John then snapped a
leash to the chain that had been around s' neck all day and lead her out into
the empty night. She quickly looked around as  they left to see if anyone was
watching and there was. Two young men,  waiting for a taxi stared at the skimply
dressed slave girl. When the saw the leash one pointed and she heard them mutter
to each other. She followed her Master and Lola around the building and across
the parking lot. There was twat holding the doors open for them. She was ordered
to park across the lot so they could make a spectical of the leashed slave. By
the time they reached the car, s was shivering from the cool night air on her
wet thong and stockings.

Though exahusted s fucked her owner until he fell asleep. His rampent dick
fucked her in the cunt and the ass. All the time the horney slut begged for
more. "DEEPER MASTER FUCK MY ASS DEEPER YYEESSS PLEASE, I AM YOUR SLUT" she
moaned. s fell asleep with his cock in her mouth, as she cleaned and licked it
clean.


It was almost noon before they awoke. John stroked s' body, telling her how good
she was and that they were going to Lola's for a bar-b-q that afternoon and she
would have to do well then. s promised she would and went to her knees next to
the bed to express her love and obediance to him.

s followed her Master to the bathroom.  As he stood in front of the bowl s knelt
behind him. Spreading his ass open she reached up and rimmed his hole. Her
tongue swirled around the sensitive skin. She worked slowly at first then
faster, as she heard the stream of piss hit the bowl she buried her tongue into
his hole. John moaned with pleasure, giving the asshole slave a wave of
accomplishment.

When he finished John turned. s obediantly took his flacid cock in her mouth and
cleaned it with her tongue and lips.

s knelt by the shower as John washed. She too had to relieve herself  but did
not have permission yet. While John showed there was a knock on the door. It was
the  light breakfast he had ordered. With her Owner's permission s put on the
only covering she was allowed in the hotel  room. A very thing robe. It
concealed only where it was double.

With a deep breath s opened the door. The young bell hop almost dropped the tray
when he saw lovely s. She told him to put the tray on the table. Again he almost
fell over the chair, trying not to stare. s signed for the meal and gave him a
great view of her ass as she  turned to get him a tip. Nervous s shut the door
behind him an leaned on it taking another deep breath. She then trotted to the
bathroom. John was drying off. He allowed her to relieve herself then join him 
for coffee and rolls. s was very hungry and ate as she sat on the floor  next to
John. He watched the news, s ate in silence.

John leaned back in the chair, " s, are you happy?" he asked  " Oh yes Sir" she
truly answered.  " Show me" he quiped

s thought fast, then went to her knees. Pressing her lips to his foot she kissed
it. "Master I love you and am so happy you took me back" again she kissed his
foot.

John lifted his foot off the floor and s cradled it in her hands. She lowered
her mouth over his big toe and sucked and licked it like a  cock. The slave
worked her mouth over each toe, bathing each with her tongue. When she was
finished with each she kissed is and thanked John for making her his slave. When
she had finished the last toe and kissed his ankle she dared look up to see his
big dick rock hard.

" Master please may I suck your dick, please I promise to do a good job." begged
s. She had cum many times last night but the little nympho wanted more.

John nodded and s slowly took his hard meat in to her mouth. s danced her tongue
on the underside of the rod as she moved it deep into her mouth then her throat.
John moaned as s managed to lick his balls with  a throat full of cock.  As her
head boobed John thought of how much money he will make from her when he sells
the videos he had made. Caressing his balls and sucking the cock soon rewarded s
with a thick load of night time cum.


s was dressed in a string bikini, mostly string. For the trip to Lola's she was
covered by a t-shirt and a short skirt.

Lola's house was a large ranch house, surrounded by an 8 foot adobe  wall for
several acres. It is set in the middle of several miles of mesquite and jack
rabbit country. There were a number of cars already there when they arrived.
John had s remove the covering clothes an placed a  leather collar on her neck
with a tag that said, " Property of John". s was embarassed as she walked to the
house behind her Owner. s did not know that there were others there like her.

The door was answered by a very busty spanish woman, in her 40's. She was
wearing a maids outfit like s' the night before only it had more of a halter
look. The womans tits still stuck out the sides. She greeted John and instructed
where he could find " Mistress Lola". s noticed a collar on her as they passed.
It made her feel better.

In the back there were a couple of dozen people around, drinking and talking,
some were swimming in the large pool. Lola greeted John, ignoring s, of course. 
s looked around and finally found twat.  She was also in a bikini sporting a
collar but appeared busy. She was supervising this whole event. Behind a bar was
Susan, the redheaded dancer. She wore a starched white shirt that was very thin.
Her large tits showed through. There was also two grills going, each attended by 
a pair of good looking black men. Two other "maids" served drinks and snacks.

John sat in a recliner with s kneeling next to him. A few minutes went by when a
woman, whom John knew asked him to dance. Leaving s to hold his glass he went
off. s then took notice of the other slaves. A couple were lead around by
leashes others just knelt or stood by  their Owners.  Several hours went by, s
was allowed to eat scraps from her Masters plate. Entertainment had started.
First a new slave was made to stand  on a table and strip, then while standing
use a large dildo on herself until she came. Then the two cooks brought out a
pillory and placed it in holes in the patio. On Lola's order the brought out the
big chested maid. The placed a big cock gag in her mouth, roughly stripped her, 
then bent her over and put her arms and head in the notches of the device  and
locked it down. A spreader bar secured her legs wide.  Lola had twat crawl under
the slut and tighten down tooth nipple clamps with heavy weights to her hanging
big tits.

Lola announce." Ladies and Gentlemen, there is a tray of impliments  next to
this pain slave. Use them as you wish. She loves pain. "

It was s' turn. One of the men hooked a leash to her collar and stood her next
to the pillory. With quick moves they had that bikini off her in a second. Lola
ordered her to display herself.

s cupped her nice tits," These are my tits, they are for your use, torture or
whip if it pleases you" she turned and bent over, " this is my asshole, please
use it, fuck me if it pleases my Master", she continued, " may ass begs to be
whipped please whip me" laying down, " this is my cunt it is only there for your
use, fuck it or whip it. I will put anything in it for you." and finally "my
mouth is only to please you, I will suck cock, lick pussy or lick your ass, if
that is your command".

s heard low applause. The two black men came out and each took a tit. The bound
straps on each, tight straps making her tits stick out and ache. Then a long
device was placed connecting each nipple. The men  held it there as Lola turned
the screw that tightened it down, painfully on each bud. s felt her knees grow
week but her cunt moisten. When it was sufficently tight and each nipple's tip
stuck out from under the clamp  a weight was place in them middle. s again moans
and tears came to her eyes. Her training kicked in an she managed  "Thank You
Mistress Lola".

s did not see the maid kneeling in back of her sucking on the big black butt
plug.  Lola pulled the slave's leash forward. s, bent in half felt the intrusion
in her ass and relaxed her muscles. The plug was larger than she was used too
but she took it and almost came from the experiance.

With a sweep of Lola's hand the man lead s off to her next fate.

" You may enjoy that slave in the"Box" at your lesure, her Owner says that she
is a very good cock sucker."

WATCH FOR THE NEXT CHAPTER COMMENTS ARE WELCOME> IF YOU LIKE IT I WILL TELL  YOU
WHERE YOU CAN  FIND THE REST AND OTHER STORIES> FREE OF COURSE> 


(Note from Stories-Online.net: This is all I have)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Traveler


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





