BDSM Library - To Catch a Smuggler




To Catch a Smuggler
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In order to catch the weapons smuggler, she, an FBI agent, had to become his willing slave. She found she loved this lifestyle.
To Catch a Smuggler  (Bondage)
by BlueWords (bluewords@yahoo.com)

I owe a great debt to Leviticus for this story. He let me borrow
several of his characters, and he helped me out all along the way,
making suggestions and helping me clarify things. He also co-wrote the
last chapter, since it needed a *lot* of help. There's 11 chapters in
all.

This text contains material of an explicit and adult nature. If you are
not of legal age to view such text  DO NOT READ ANY FURTHER. The
following incidents and characters are fictional and in no way reflects
any known persons, situations or places. Any similarity to real life is
purely coincidental.

Permission is granted to save this story to a private computer for
personal viewing or to be re-posted within this newsgroup so long as
both this disclaimer and copyright of the writer and owner remain
intact. However, permission to post at a web site, print in book or
magazine, or commercial archive this story, as well as selling this
story as your own, is explicitly withheld.






To Catch a Smuggler
By BlueWords

Chapter 1

Rhianna Summers had had a long time to contemplate her current
predicament. Five days so far. Tied up as she was, more or less
blindfolded, stuck in a small room to herself, all she could do was
think about how she'd gotten mixed up in this case for the FBI. Often
she wondered why she'd said yes to Agent Wilson and Assistant Director
Vessor. Once again, she went over the events in her mind, starting the
previous Tuesday.

Agent Wilson was part of a special FBI division that handled terrorist
threats. That he had called Rhianna was curious, that he wanted to meet
with her was even more curious. The work sounded intriguing, what she
knew of it. One of her reasons for joining the FBI originally had been
to get into exciting work, protecting the country. She knew that the
job was not like the movies, but a part of her wanted to be the James
Bond type spy, saving the world. The reality of the job had been quite
different. But she had no regrets and had enjoyed most of the
assignments she'd been on. The one that had been the roughest on her
had been her last one, and she had only been back to work for a few
weeks following her recovery from it.

That assignment had been to infiltrate a group of partygoers on a boat
own by Hiro Atamo, to try and find information about kidnappings that
seemed to be connected to Atamo. Not only had they not found any
information, they had been captured and her partner, Cory Lincoln, had
apparently been killed. They'd never even found his body, probably
dumped out at sea. Rhianna herself had be held as a slave, abused and
beaten. She had even been sterilized, although at first she thought
she'd been given a hysterectomy. Throughout the course of her recovery,
she had found out that she had instead been given a tubule ligation,
and that the lack of periods all the women on the boat experienced had
been due to some strange herbs they had been given in their food.
Knowing that she wasn't completely sterile, and that there was a chance
to reverse it, had done a lot to helping her recover. She was a strong
woman, and the doctors soon pronounced her fit for duty again. She had
come a long way, and had nightmares only occasionally now. Most of her
scars had faded, and her hair, shaved off on the boat, had grown quite
a bit since then.

She had been on a few routine assignments since her return, and longed
for something more than surveillance. She was about to get her wish.
She made her way to Agent Wilson's office and wondered again what this
assignment was about. A secretary showed her in, and she took a seat
across from Agent Wilson, at the large table in the room. The only
other person there was Assistant Director Vessor.

"Thank you for coming, Agent Summer," Agent Wilson greeted her. "We
know you're curious about this so let's explain, shall we?" He punched
a button on a remote for a slide projector and the room lights went
out. A blurry picture of a man in a dark coat filled the screen. "This
is Matthew Anderson, someone we know is an weapons smuggler. Anderson
is a very good smuggler, and while we've been able to stop some of his
shipments, we've never been able to catch him." There was a click as
the next slide was shown. The picture was better than the last, showing
Anderson's face clearly. Despite being a crook, he was a handsome man,
Rhianna noticed. "We have information that Anderson is going to help
smuggle in a very dangerous weapon, within two weeks. The weapon is a
biological agent, and from what we can find out, it might be able to
kill a city." The next slide showed some foreign agents that Rhianna
recognized from some briefing she'd had earlier. "These men are paying
Anderson a large sum of money to bring the weapon into the states."

Agent Wilson click through a few more slides. It showed the trail of
evidence that had led to this point, and there wasn't much of it. What
was there was scary enough, though.

"Why don't we just go and arrest Anderson?" Rhianna asked.

"Several reasons. First, we don't have enough evidence to hold him for
long, and arresting him would obviously alert him. We think he would
still find a way to get weapon in, and it would make it that much
harder to finally catch him. He has an amazing ability to evade being
followed. We can't count the times we've lost him. Second, we'd like to
get the weapon, the buyers, and Anderson, if possible. We think it
would put a big crimp in terrorist activities in the States if we did
that." Wilson paused.

"For that reason, we've kept a low profile on surveillance on him.
We've only done what we thought would escape detection. He has some
sophisticated devices for spotting bugs, and he's naturally paranoid.
We've been able to search his apartment briefly once, but we've had no
luck coming up with his schedule for delivery." Wilson turned to
Rhianna. "That's where you come in, Agent Summer." He pressed a button
to turn on the room lights.

"Okay," she said, "What do you want me to do?"

"We need someone that can get close to Anderson without arousing
suspicion. Listen for details, look for the schedule, and report back
to us. And we need someone to do this within the week. We need someone
with special experience, and in talking to an Agent Stabler," Rhianna
grimaced at the name, "we think you might have the experience we need
to pull this off."

Rhianna was on guard, very suspicious of this whole assignment now.
Agent Stabler had given her and Cory the Atamo assignment, and she
blamed him in part on Cory's death. A recommendation from him bothered
her. Also, she wanted to know what special skills she had that they
might need. She asked Wilson as much.

"Well, we've talked to his most recent companion about it. She didn't
know anything about his work, but gave us a little insight into his
character, and his likes and dislikes. We think you would be a good
choice to, to fill in as his companion. That way, you'd be able to -"

"Fill in. What the hell are you talking about?" Rhianna asked, annoyed.

"He's a bit embarrassed about the subject, Agent Summer." It was the
other men at the table, Assistant Director James Vessor.

"Assistant Director Vessor? What subject?"

"What Wilson has been pussy-footing around is that Anderson is into the
BDSM lifestyle, and his previous companion was his slave. In fact, she
only left Anderson after we informed her he was a smuggler. She wasn't
very cooperative with us, I think she was quite taken with him."

"I still don't understand what this has to do with me," Rhianna said.

"You are the type of woman that Anderson likes," Agent Wilson answered.
"Height, build, hair color. And, you've had some experience in these
matters."

"These matters?" she asked. She was still confused.

"BDSM, Agent Summer," Vessor told her. "Although it was perhaps
traumatic for you, you do know have an understanding about the
lifestyle that none of our other agents would have. And finally, there
is the time factor. We only have a few days to prepare."

"For what, prepare for what?"

"Anderson's previous slave was of the opinion, for a number of reasons,
that he would replace her soon, most likely within the week. In fact,
he will most assuredly go to a place called the Kennel to pick a new
slave. It's a part of the BDSM underground that serves as a kind of -
hotel for submissives."  Rhianna had learned a little about the Kennel
from Tonya, the woman who had helped her escape from Atamo's clutches.
Rhianna hadn't spent much time with Tonya other than in captivity, but
they had talked briefly since Rhianna's recovery, when Rhianna had
called her to thank her. She didn't volunteer this information to
Vessor, however.

"It's also where submissives can be - adopted, by men like Matthew
Anderson  His previous companion was from the Kennel, so he's done this
before and was pleased. She left somewhat abruptly, but on good terms,
none-the-less."

"So, you want me to work at the Kennel, so I can meet him? I don't
understand."

"No, Agent Summer," Vessor told her. "We need you to be one of the
Kennel's adopties."


Rhianna told them flat out no.

"You must be insane to think I, or anyone would do this. Do you know
what you're asking? Do you have any idea?"

"Actually, Agent Summer, "Vessor said, "I believe I do. I know this
seems very harsh. But we do know that Anderson is nothing like Atamo.
He treats his slaves very well and does not abuse them. His former
slave said he was gentle and took it slowly with her. There is reason
to believe that he won't be too demanding, especially in light of the
upcoming shipment."

"You are playing with my life, and more! Besides, the last assignment
was botched because I didn't know what I was doing!" Rhianna almost
yelled.

"We think your experience on your last mission will give you valuable
knowledge on how to act this time, more than any other agent we have
available. Your being Anderson's type also helps." Vessor paused. "If
we could see another way, we would do it. We know this is a dangerous
assignment, and you'll have little if any contact with other agents
while with Anderson. In fact, your part in this is known only to us,"
he said, indicating the three people in the room. Vessor leaned
forward, resting his arms on the table.

"The fact is, no one else will be able to get as close to him as you
could. There is no other way to discover the schedule. We don't see any
other way to catch Anderson and put a stop to a terrorist
organization's plot to do a lot of damage, possibly killing thousands,
perhaps millions of Americans."

Rhianna sat there for a minute, trying to calm down, thinking about
what they had said. What they had said and showed her seemed to make
sense. She could see that she would be in a unique position to get the
information they needed. Keeping close to Anderson, she might be able
to determine his plans. She thought about what had happened to her
aboard Atamo's boat. Finally she spoke.

"I can't. I just, I just can't."


Vessor looked at Wilson and nodded, and Wilson went to his safe. Vessor
turned to Rhianna. "Agent Summer, I think I understand. We've put you
in a bad position. The last thing I want to do is aggravate any
problems you might be having due to your capture. There is, however, a
reason you were picked beyond being Anderson's type."

Rhianna looked up at Vessor. "I've read the reports from the doctors,
concerning your recovery. You're a very strong woman, Agent. I wouldn't
have approved you for this assignment if I didn't think you could
handle it. The last thing we need is someone falling apart during the
operation."

Agent Wilson came back from his safe with a large envelope and placed
it in front of Rhianna. The envelope was marked "TOP SECRET" top and
bottom, and "CIA" in the middle. "There's a few more  reasons we've
picked you, Agent Summer. Time is of the essence, and even if it
weren't, you'd still be our best candidate." He paused, reluctant to
let Rhianna see the contents of the envelope. Finally, he continued.
"That, and those." Wilson pointed to the envelope. "Go ahead, you've
been cleared to see them, as a condition of working on this case."

Rhianna picked up the envelope and opened it up, pulling out some
papers and a stack of photographs. Glancing through the photos, a look
of horror came over her face. "I don't understand, what - what are
these?"

"It used to be a small village of Kurds in northern Iraq. At first, we
thought Sadam was up to his old tricks, but it turns out it wasn't him
at all, at least not directly," Wilson told her.

"But all these people, what killed them?" Rhianna asked.

"The same biological agent that we believe is being smuggled into the
country by Anderson. It appears to be related to the plague, but it
acts much quicker." Wilson leaned over and tapped on one photo. "We
think this man lived for a few hours after coming down with symptoms.
He took his own life." Most of the pictures showed numerous dead people
lying in the streets in bloody pools.

"The bubonic plague? Like in the Dark Ages?" Rhianna asked.

"Actually, the pneumonic form," Wilson said. "Seems to kill within a
day, maybe within 12 hours. A modified form of the Yersinia pestis
bacterium."

"This seems to have been a test," Vessor told her. "The village is in a
valley, and is very hard to get to from the outside. The dead weren't
discovered for days."

Rhianna was horrified by the photos, but she kept her professional calm
about her. "These are CIA photos."

"Yes, they're asking for our help, especially since we've dealt with
Anderson before, in a manner of speaking."

Rhianna looked over the photos. The accompanying papers said the 78
people in the village had died. It was the entire village. Rhianna
sighed.

"All right, what do I need to do?"


The plan was to take her to the Kennel and have her pose as one of the
ownerless slaves, available for adoption. They had already talked with
the Kennel's management, and they had, somewhat reluctantly, agreed to
place Rhianna in the adoption ward. In fact, she was going to be looked
after by Tonya.

"We'd like you to be there this afternoon," Vessor told her. "You'll
have to wait for Anderson to come in and 'adopt' you, but the people
running the Kennel said they would go as easy on you as they could.
You'll have to be prepared to spend your time like the rest of the
'Pets' there, however. That means you'll be chained up."

Rhianna almost backed out right then. She had just gotten over having
nightmares about Atamo and his men mistreating her. She had to keep
reminding herself that this was to stop smugglers and terrorists. She
thought of the dead Kurdish village.

"Agent Wilson will pick you up later at your place. I assume you'll
have a few things you'll need to take care of first?" Vessor asked her.

"Yes sir, there are some things I need to do first. But, if I could,
I'd like to ask that you be the one to take me there."

Vessor was slightly surprised by this. "Well, I will if you think it
would be better, Agent Summer. Any particular reason?"

"I think that we need to keep up appearances the whole way, sir, just
in case. No offense, but Agent Wilson doesn't strike me as someone
who'd be turning in a slave for adoption." Rhianna didn't trust Wilson,
but didn't want to say as much in front of him and Vessor. Assistant
Director Vessor just struck her as more confident, more "masterly". If
Wilson was offended by her choice, he didn't show it. If anything, she
noticed he seemed a bit relieved.

"I think it might be a good idea after all, Agent Summer," Vessor said.
"I'll be by to pick you up with a limousine at 3 o'clock."

"All right," she told him, and left.

End Chapter 1

Copyright (c) 1999 David Wright





To Catch a Smuggler
By BlueWords

Chapter 2


Rhianna's reverie was interrupted by a bell. That meant lunch time. It
might also mean that she was being viewed, she wasn't sure. Rhianna was
in one of the special rooms that were in the adoption area of the
Kennel. She knew that at any time they could open a window or adjust
the lighting or something, and show her off to prospective masters. Of
course, she knew that the only one they'd show her to was Anderson, but
she didn't know when that might be, so she had to act like she was
supposed to.

She got up and shuffled over to the food dispensing area of the room.
The floor was marked in blue. There, she knelt up and found a thin
dildo that fit well into the hole the gag made with her mouth. She
began to suck and a salty fluid came out in. She knew this was food,
flavored to taste like ejaculate, but is was still a bit disquieting.
In the position she was, she knew that she would be showing off most of
her nudity to anyone watching through the window.

After several minutes of "food", the dildo stopped its flow, so she
switched to the other dildo which dispensed water, and took a drink.
She had to suck on that dildo as well, to get it to give her any water.
She thought that it wasn't quite like giving a man a blowjob, but it
was close enough. After being there for five days, she'd gotten used to
the routine.

She was a bit disappointed that nothing else happened. If she was being
shown to Anderson, there was a good chance he'd want to see her face,
and they had a procedure for that as well. When no one came by to
remove her blindfold, she knew that Anderson wasn't there yet.

She thought back to when she first got the blindfold, back when she
entered the doors of the Kennel. Back when Vessor had come to pick her
up from her apartment.


Rhianna didn't have very much to do to get ready for the case, she just
wanted a few hours by herself before going under cover. She was sure
that this assignment was probably the right thing to do, but that
didn't mean she had to like it. She ate a good lunch and took a long
shower, unsure as to how long it might be before she would be able to
do those kinds of things again.

Despite the other agents' confidence in her "knowledge", Rhianna wasn't
at all sure she knew how to handle the situation. She wasn't impressed
with Agent Wilson's compliments to her, or Agent Stabler's
recommendation. Perhaps he thought he was doing her a favor, but
Rhianna couldn't bring herself to trust him, not after the botched
Atamo assignment. She really didn't know much about the Kennel at all,
and had no way of knowing what to expect from Anderson. There had been
no time for her to talk with his previous "companion", and she wasn't
even in the state anymore. Rhianna hoped Tonya would take it easy on
her. At least there would be someone there she knew.

Finally, the phone rang. It was Vessor, downstairs in the limo. This
was it, she told herself, the point of no return. To catch a smuggler,
terrorists, and stop a bomb, she was about to put herself in great
personal jeopardy. She wouldn't even be able to have her gun, or any
contact with other agents once undercover. Rhianna sighed as she locked
the door to her apartment, and headed down to meet Vessor.

The limousine was very luxurious, and the ride was going to be about an
hour long before arriving at the Kennel. Rhianna was looking forward to
relaxing during the trip, ironing out the last few details with
Assistant Director Vessor. Vessor had other ideas, however.

"We need to get into character for our arrival," he told her, "so we'd
better start. Take off your underwear."

She was slightly taken aback by the request, but realized he was
probably correct. They weren't sure how paranoid Anderson was, and they
needed to make a good entrance just in case he was having the Kennel
watched. She had dressed the part as well as she could, with a short
skirt and silk blouse, and her highest heels. She pulled her panties
off easily enough but had a little trouble with the brassiere. Finally,
she unbuttoned her blouse all the way and pulled it off, the bra with
it. She quickly put the blouse back on, embarrassed. She noticed that
Vessor neither stared nor turned away. She got the feeling he was
somehow familiar with this situation. Unsure of what to do with her
underwear now, she handed them to Vessor.

As if expecting it, he took them and put them in his briefcase. "Turn
around, hands behind your back," he told her. Rhianna resigned herself
to being treated like a submissive, and turned so that Vessor could put
a pair of handcuffs on her. Then he bent down and attached a set of
cuffs with a two-foot long chain between them to her ankles.

"You came prepared," she said. Vessor said nothing in response. He
pulled a small ball-gag out of his briefcase and showed it to her.

"You know, Rhianna, I have a lot of confidence in you. I've kept track
of your career, even before your last assignment. You show a lot of
promise, and I know you can handle this case."

Rhianna was momentarily speechless. "Thank you, sir," she said finally.

"It's going to be rough, I know, but I think this is a risk that we
need to take to catch this man, and stop this threat."

"Are you sure I'll be able to find out something, sir?"

"From what we know about Anderson, he likes to handle everything
personally. I'm sure he'll have some information around. Look for
information regarding his art shipments. He smuggles the weapons in
with his regular cases of paintings and statues and the like. There
will probably be one that stands out in some manor, one where the
shipper isn't listed, or something like that. We have a suspicion that
it might be coming through Mexico. Also, we know it's coming in
sometime soon, less than a week. If nothing else, having you with him
might make it easier for us to track his whereabouts."

"How will I contact you, when I do find some thing?"

"I've a special number you can call," he said, telling her the number.
"You know Morse code, of course?"

"Yes, sir. Used it in the coast guard."

"Well, in case you're gagged, you may need to use it again, over the
phone. The agents on the other end will know that it might be the only
way you can respond and they'll be ready. Anything else, Agent Summer?"

Rhianna had lots of questions, but didn't think Vessor could answer
them. She shook her head no.

"I guess we're getting close. Open up." He held the gag at her mouth.
Rhianna was about to say that she thought they were at least a half
hour away, but when she opened her mouth to speak, Vessor gently pushed
the gag in her mouth and buckled it around her head. Rhianna tested the
gag with her tongue and found it was not coming out. It wasn't too
uncomfortable, if she had to be gagged. She sat back on her legs,
kneeling on the floor while her "master" sat on the limo's leather seat
in front of her.

Before too long, they pulled up in front of the Kennel. Before getting
out of the car, Vessor put a pair of wrap-around sunglasses on her. The
glasses were painted over, and she was effectively blindfolded. He
helped her up and out of the car and walked her into the building.


Inside, they were greeted by Tonya, Rhianna recognizing her voice.

"I'm John Smith, I believe you're expecting me," Vessor told Tonya.

"Yes, sir. This is your slave?" Tonya asked. She knew very well what
was going on, but was also staying in character.

"Yes. We've grown apart, and she's decided that this is what she wants."

"All right, sir, if you'll just sign these papers, we'll take care of
her." Rhianna was left standing alone while Vessor took care of the
paperwork. After a few minutes, she heard Tonya say, "Very good. We'll
take care of everything."

Vessor touched Rhianna's cheek lightly. Rhianna assumed it was to
continue the act of a caring master giving up a slave. She heard him
walk away.

Tonya touched Rhianna's arm and led her into another room. Rhianna
somehow sensed that there was someone else in the room.

"Normally," the other person began, "I'd have to give you an
examination, but we'll forgo that in this instance. I'm Dr. Jane Carey,
the Director of the Kennel." Tonya removed the sunglasses, and Rhianna
could see the other two women. Tonya unbuckled the gag and let Rhianna
spit it out.

"Thank you," Rhianna told Tonya.

"Don't get too used to it, in a little while, you'll be trussed up just
like all the other Pets. Are you sure you want to go through with this?"

Rhianna nodded. While they talked, Tonya removed her handcuffs and leg
cuffs. "Yes, Dr. Carey. It's important that I get picked up by
Anderson." The FBI had told Dr. Carey some of what was going on, but
not all of it. They knew who Anderson was and that they should try to
make Rhianna as appealing as possible to him.

"Well, we'll try to go as easy on you as we can, but there isn't a
whole lot we can do to break our normal procedure. You'll get a little
more 'exercise' time than others might, but otherwise, you'll
experience the Kennel just like all the other Pets."

"And I'll be taking care of the adopties for the next two weeks, so
I'll try to help out if I can," Tonya offered.

"We'll, we are going to do what we can to help the FBI," Dr. Carey
said, just a slight tinge of annoyance in her voice. "If that's all,
Tonya will get you prepared."

Rhianna couldn't think of anything else to ask, so Dr. Carey left the
room.

After the doctor had left, Tonya hugged Rhianna. "It's so good to see
you," she exclaimed. Rhianna hugged back.

"I'm glad we're going to spend some time together, although I have to
admit, I wish it were under better circumstances."

"I think we'll have some time to talk. I'll try to give you pointers on
how to act and all."

"I think that would help greatly," Rhianna said. She noticed Tonya's
outfit for the first time. It was a simple white tunic, something like
the top part of Judo outfit. The tunic was covering some kind of
leather harness.

"Well, I guess we should get started. Please take your clothes off,"
Tonya told her.

Rhianna complied, not having much on to take off anyway. She wasn't
really embarrassed in front of Tonya. She realized that Tonya must see
many naked bodies all the time, and anyway, she had been with her for
sometime when they were captives, both of them naked.

Tonya began by placing a stiff, wide collar around Rhianna's neck. It
was a posture collar, and made it difficult if not impossible for her
to turn her head or tip it forward or backward. She fastened a harness
around Rhianna's head, pulling her hair through a ring in the back to
make a short ponytail. Tonya then put a gag into the other woman's
mouth.

The gag was something like a horse's bit, but without the bar across
the middle. A padded metal prong extended down each side of her mouth
between her teeth and was wedged in the space between her back molars.
Tonya told her to bite down, and a chin strap was fastened. The result
was that Rhianna couldn't open or close her mouth much at all.

"Just relax," Tonya told her, "It's easier that way." Rhianna tried to
calm down and found that the gag wasn't too bad.

Tonya held a wide piece of leather up to Rhianna's face and attached it
to the head harness. The 'blindfold' didn't leave her blind, but she
could only see straight down to her breasts and the floor below. She
waved her hands in front of her. Her field of view was very limited.

"It's so that you can see to walk," Tonya offered. "Now for the rest."

She fastened a harness of straps over her shoulders and around her
body. A wide belt was put around her waist, and a chastity strap passed
between her legs. A strap was placed around her chest with two cups
fitting under her breasts for support. The cups helped lift, but did
not cover her breasts. Tonya then attached leather wrist and ankle
cuffs on her, adding a hobble chain between her ankles. She locked the
wrist cuffs to the belt around Rhianna's waist.

"Walk around a while, to get used to it," Tonya told her.

Rhianna moved around the room a little, but she wasn't used to being
tied up like this. Even when Atamo had chained her to the galley, she'd
not been blindfolded. Rhianna felt Tonya come up to her. A leash was
attached to the posture.

"You're going to be my little pet for a while," Tonya told her
teasingly.

Rhianna made a gurgling noise.

"Okay, we should go and get you settled in." Tonya pulled on the leash.

Rhianna could only follow, not being in a position to argue.


Tonya walked Rhianna through a door, down a hallway, then down another
hall and through another door. Finally, they rode up an elevator one
floor. Rhianna wasn't sure how far they had gone, or if they had passed
other people on the way. She was very aware of just how naked she was.
Tonya stopped her at a point where the floor had a number 6 on it.

"This will be your room while you're here," she was told. "You're lucky
you're not in the general population, they just have cages. You'll be
able to move around and stand, at least. Let me take you to the
facilities before we get you in the room." She was led a short way,
passing through a door and into a room with yellow tile on the floor.

"This is the bathroom and shower area. I know you can't see it, but all
you need to know is on the floor. I'll lead you around and you pay
attention to the color of the floor. We're now on a yellow area, this
is where you will urinate, when you are told to. This might be a good
time to do it, if you need to."

Rhianna did need to, but was embarrassed to do so. She also didn't want
to pee on herself later, and didn't know the schedule or when she might
get to do it again. She squatted down and relieved herself. The
chastity strap apparently had a screen or something in it, she could
pee right through it.

"We're now in the brown area, here is where you defecate. If you can,
please do so now."

Rhianna wasn't sure she could go through with it. Finally, she decided
the didn't need to and tried to shake her head. She had forgotten that
the posture collar wouldn't let her, and what she ended up doing was
instead shaking her breasts from side to side.

Tonya led her back out to her room. "I'll be taking care of the
adopties, but I'll have help, and the rooms are always monitored. I
might not always be the one to get you for various activities. Remember
your number, 6, and generally just obey what you're told to do. Let me
explain your room."

Tonya opened up the door and they walked into the room. It wasn't very
big, and there was no furniture inside. The floor was colored an off
white. Rhianna noticed that the floors padding was in wide strips, and
the color of the strips got slightly darker the further they went into
the room. At the back of the room was a small area of the floor that
was noticeably darker.

"This is the back wall to the room. The wall is basically a big window,
but there is small door in it so we can show you off better to clients.
You'll here a set of bells, and each bell means something different.
I'll go through them later, but one is for dinner time, one is to tell
you to present yourself at the window, and one is to go to the front
door to be let out."

Tonya guided her to one wall. "Here is the feeding area. You'll have to
kneel to get your food." Rhianna looked down and could make out two
dildoes sticking out of the wall. "One is for food, the other water."
Rhianna realized she was going to have to suck on the dildoes to
anything out of them. Finally, Tonya showed her an area of black in the
corner. "This is where the panic button is. The room is monitored, but
if you have any kind of problem, you can press the big button there.
It's for things like odd pains, cramps, something like that. Don't use
it unless it's an emergency."

So this is my world for the next few days, Rhianna thought. It's an odd
place.

"I'll be back in about a hour or so to take you out to the exercise
yard, okay?" Tonya said. She was so cheery, Rhianna felt better that
she was going to be there with her.

"Here's one of the bells." Tonya apparently pressed a button on the
wall outside the room. A chime sounded. "That's the call to come out of
the room. You'll need to get up and face the door of the room so that
you'll be ready to get out when someone, usually me, comes to get you.
Don't dawdle; if it's not me, you might get punished for not obeying.
See you in a bit."

Rhianna heard the door close behind her.

End Chapter 2

Copyright (c) 1999 David Wright







To Catch a Smuggler
By BlueWords

Chapter 3

True to her word, Tonya had talked a lot more with Rhianna; about the
Kennel, about Tonya's life, about all sorts of things. The two of them
had a horrific adventure, both captured by Atamo, and they hadn't
talked about it very much at all. After they were rescued, Rhianna had
come down kind of hard, and had taken a while to come to grips with
what had happened to her. Tonya hadn't liked it the treatment, but she
was more used to the lifestyle in general.

They spent several hours a day together, as Tonya had only the adopties
to take care of (with help from a few others), and there weren't as
many of them. By Rhianna's chart, Tonya was supposed to make sure that
Rhianna got some exercise everyday. She could watch her in her room, or
take her out to the yard after the general population Pets had gone
back in. They talked about a lot of things, the conversations being
mostly one-sided due to Rhianna's gag. Tonya gave her some pointers on
the BDSM lifestyle.

"Safe, sane and consensual", Tonya told her. "At least, that's how it's
supposed to be. Most of the people in the community practice that way.
You get the weirdos like Atamo, or my ex-boyfriend, that don't care
about other people sometimes, but if you were to meet someone that was
part of the local BDSM community, they would be a different story."

Rhianna had never realized it was even this well organized. The Kennel
wasn't the only place people brought their pets. There was a farm for
the animal fetish types. And many people in the "community" got
together regularly for parties and lunches. There were rules and
regulations for slaves bound by contracts. Rhianna spent a lot of time
in her room wondering what they all saw in this lifestyle. She didn't
really like being tied up the way she was, it wasn't sexual stimulating
for her at all, other than the slight thrill of being exposed, and the
rubbing of the chastity strap. Tonya talked about it in generally
glowing terms. She really enjoyed her job, where she spent two weeks
on, basically 24 hours a day, and one week off.

Mostly, Rhianna was bored. There was time in the yard getting some
exercise, and having Tonya talk to her, but most of her time was spent
in her room. Definitely not cheaper than a hotel, Rhianna knew. She was
glad the Kennel was picking up the tab for her.

Rhianna did find that, despite herself, kneeling and sucking on the
food dispensing dildoes was stimulating, and at times she wished her
hands were free so she could do something about it. For all the nudity
at the Kennel, there was no sex allowed at all.

Tonya knew that Rhianna was going to have to pretend to be a
submissive, so she tried to help her out by describing what it was
like. She wasn't sure she was making sense. Finally she told Rhianna,
"Just do what you're told. Whatever it is. You can hesitate a little,
but you have to quickly give in. You are a submissive, and your master
knows what is good for you." Rhianna promised herself that she would do
that. Her refusal to obey Atamo had gotten Cory and her in trouble on
the boat. They had dressed the part, but weren't prepared mentally.


Rhianna started hoping that Anderson would come and get her out of
here. It was an odd feeling. She realized that she wanted to be doing
something, and had to look at this like a weird extended surveillance.

Finally, after 5 days, her routine was broken. The special bell rang in
her room for presentation. There were a few signals that slaves got
taught if they were in the adoption ward. One meant they were to stand
and present themselves to the back of their room, where Rhianna knew
that the window was opened to allow viewing into the room. She stood
there, realizing that she was showing off most of her nudity. Another
bell, and she turned around and knelt down to get a drink of water. A
different ring, and Rhianna crawled up to the window and pushed her
head towards a small door just below it.

The small door was opened, and Rhianna knew that it revealed her masked
face. Some clips were attached to her harness to prevent her from
pulling back and her blinder was taken off. She knew, as a slave, she
wasn't supposed to look a prospective master in the face, but Rhianna
couldn't help but momentarily glance at the man before her.

Oddly enough, she couldn't really tell if it was Anderson or not. The
man looking at her was wearing a mask that covered his head and let
only his eyes show through. Rhianna quickly looked down. Of course,
it's Anderson, she thought, they wouldn't show me to anyone else like
this.

No one said anything for a few moments, and Rhianna was beginning to
think that it had all been for nothing, that she had stayed there, tied
up, and now Anderson wasn't as taken with her as they thought he'd be.
Finally, the man said one word that strangely brought great joy to her.

"Perfect," he told the attendant. Rhianna was so relieved that she'd be
getting to work at last, that it didn't immediately cross her mind that
she'd just been sold.

While the man and the attendant left the room to arrange the final
details, Rhianna's blindfold was put back on and she was allowed to go
back into her room.


Agent Wilson came into the director's office. "The agents we have
watching the Kennel report they sighted Anderson going in alone and
coming out with a woman. By their description, it's Agent Summer."

Assistant Director Vessor looked thoughtful for a few moments. If this
worked out well, then he would have - well, no use counting one's
chickens before they're hatched.

"Good," he told Wilson. "Tell the agents they can end that
surveillance, he won't be back there. Let's hope that she can find the
information we need, and soon."

"Sir, I, well, I feel odd about sending Agent Summer on this
assignment, especially in light of what we've told -" Vessor cut him
off.

"Agent Wilson, the ultimate responsibility for assigning Agent Summer
to this case it mine, and if necessary, I will answer for it. I think
Agent Summer can handle herself, and that she is in fact well suited
for this job."

"But, she'll have to stay with him, regardless of when she actually
finds the information. Until we catch him, she -"

"I'm sure Agent Summer appreciates your concern, but I am also sure
that she understood what she was getting into. I don't believe her
situation is inherently dangerous, Agent Wilson, but of course there
are risks."

Wilson seemed unconvinced. He was about to argue something else, but
realized that the situation was already too far gone. Regardless of the
danger, Rhianna Summer was now deep undercover, and the only way out
was to help them catch Anderson. Unhappy, Wilson turned and left the
AD's office without saying anything else.

Vessor hoped Wilson would remain cool and level-headed about this. He
probably would, he had no choice now but to accept the situation.
Vessor hoped he had guessed right about Rhianna's abilities and
adaptability. Her life, and possibly the lives of millions, not to
mention Vessor's career, depended on it.


The car was limousine, with wide, comfortable leather seats. The driver
had raised the privacy glass. Rhianna sat next to Matthew Anderson,
slightly afraid of what might happen, knowing that she needed to
respect and obey him. She figured her fear would add to the realism of
her acting.

Rhianna had used her real first name at the Kennel. She knew she needed
to respond to Anderson quickly, and she didn't need to waste time
trying to figure out if he was calling her or not.

"Rhianna?" Anderson asked her. "That is a pretty name. It fits you,
pet."  Rhianna sat next to him in the back of the car. Her hands were
cuffed behind her, but otherwise, she was not bound. He had removed her
sunglasses for her.

"Thank you, uh, sir," she said, uncertain of what to call him. Anderson
noticed.

"Sir will do nicely. There may be times that I'll want you to call me
something else, but I've never really liked 'master'."

"Yes, sir," she said, trying to be deferent.

"Don't be frightened, pet. I don't bite," he told her, adding, "too
hard." A grin played across his lips. "Let's have a better look at
you."

Rhianna was wearing a mumu type dress. They had handcuffed her, and
draped the dress over her to hide her naked body and cuffed hands.
Anderson reached down and pulled the dress up her legs, and Rhianna
accommodated him by lifting up her bottom, allowing him to pull the
dress up and off of her. He tossed the dress aside and turned to look
at her.

"Nice, very nice," he told her, running his hands lightly over her
breasts, causing her nipples to harden. Rhianna had thought long and
hard about how she would react once in this situation, but now it
didn't seem to matter. She couldn't fake either interest or
disinterest. She finally decided that she would let herself pretend to
like Anderson, and react otherwise how she might normal react to
someone she liked. She reminded herself that she didn't need to like
him, and didn't need to respond to him like a lover, at least at first.
He wouldn't be expecting her to be in love with him at the start in any
case. Still, his touch felt good.

Anderson continued to fondle her lightly. "Tell me a bit about your
past masters," he asked her.

"Well, I, uh, sir, that is, uh, distracting, sir," she said, squirming
slightly in her seat.

"Never the less, tell me." He didn't stop his wandering hands.

Rhianna, Wilson and Vessor (although, mostly Vessor) had come up with a
background story on her. She was relatively new to the BDSM scene,
still inexperienced. Her first master was nice at the start, but had
gotten cruel. That would explain the scars on her body that hadn't
healed yet, and the few than might never heal completely. Luckily,
she'd gotten away from him. She wasn't turned off by having a bad
experience, though, and sought out a kinder master. Her second master
proved to be not 'masterly' enough, and they both eventually decided to
split up. Rhianna hoped that putting herself up for adoption would help
solve her problem. This is what she told Anderson, all the while trying
to ignore his probing hands.

Anderson had nodded during her explanation, but not said anything. Now,
still silent, he motioned for her to open her legs. His fingers slid
over her trimmed pubic hair and over her vaginal lips. Despite herself,
Rhianna had responded to his touch. She had been denied release at the
Kennel, and hadn't had much of any kind of relationship for a while.
Being fondled in such an overt manner was turning her on.

Anderson slid a finger into her vagina. She was wet, much to her
embarrassment, and the finger entered easily. He brought the finger up
and rubbed her clitoris with it. Rhianna moaned, and fought to keep her
composure. Anderson kept up his fingering her, and Rhianna found that
he was quickly bringing her to orgasm. Rhianna knew from Tonya that
some masters teased there submissives, and that in general, they
weren't allowed to come without permission.

"Sir, I -" she began.

"Come for me, pet. I want you to come, now." His voice was gentle and
soothing, his hands seem to know just what to do. Rhianna could hold
back no longer. She forgot she was in the back seat of a car, forgot
they were driving through a crowded city. She leaned her head back and
moaned out her orgasm.

When she regained her composure enough to open her eyes again, she
noticed Anderson watching her, his fingers still inside her. Seeing her
look at him, he removed his hand and held the fingers up to her mouth,
still glistening with her juices. Rhianna had failed this test before,
and although she would have preferred not to do it, she would not fail
again.

She opened her mouth, and sucked his fingers in, licking them clean.
She tasted herself; salty, slightly sweet. Not bad, just not something
she really wanted to do. But that was what this whole assignment was
about, wasn't it. Subverting herself and doing whatever was asked of
her. She hoped the millions of lives she was saving appreciated her
sacrifice, even if they would never know about it.

Anderson reached down and inserted a finger into her again. He brought
it out, but instead of offering it to her, he sucked on it himself.
"Mmmm. I'll have to taste more of that later," he told her. "Looks like
we're here," he said, glancing out the limo's darkened windows. They
had driven into an underground parking area, and the limo driver pulled
up close to the elevators. Anderson got out, then reached in to help
Rhianna out. He made no move to put her dress back on.

It took all of her will not to jump back into the relative safety of
the car. She was naked, her hands cuffed behind her, out in a public
place. "Your master knows what's best," she remembered Tonya saying.
Steeling herself, she walked to the elevators, with Anderson lightly
holding her arm.

The ride up to his apartment was nerve-wracking for her. She kept
worrying about someone getting onto the elevator with them. The
elevator's mirrors reflected her nakedness back at her. As they walked
down the hall, she worried that someone would come out of another
apartment. Finally, she knew that there was nothing she could do about
it even if it happened. Anderson evidently wasn't worried, but oddly
enough, she felt a big sense of relief when they closed the door of his
apartment behind them, and she was completely alone with him at last.

End Chapter 3

Copyright (c) 1999 David Wright





To Catch a Smuggler
By BlueWords

Chapter 4

Rhianna looked around at the apartment. It was nicely furnished. A bit
more Spartan than she might have done but tastefully done. The
furniture was good quality with out appearing ostentatious. It didn't
seem like a dungeon, and she didn't notice any hooks on the walls or
chains lying around.

Anderson left her standing by the door and walked over to a wet bar.
"Would you like something to drink?" he asked her. She stepped into the
room, trying to take everything in. Here she was, naked, hands cuffed
behind her, and he was acting as if this was a normal, everyday
occurrence. Perhaps for him it was.

"Please," she answered. She had been about to ask for wine, if he had
it, but she realized that she wasn't supposed to ask for things like
that. Being a submissive was hard for her, and she constantly had to be
on her toes. Strangely enough, he brought her a glass of red wine. As
she couldn't hold the glass, he held it up to her lips and tipped it so
she could drink.

"Thank you, sir," she said politely. Be overly polite, she told
herself. He set the glasses down.

"I imagine it will take a little getting used to. I'll explain your
duties later. I had actually planned on waiting for a week or so before
seeking a slave, but for several reasons I decided to look this week.
I'm so glad I did," he said, adding, "you might have been gone if I had
waited too long." He fondled breasts, then pulled her close to him, one
hand grabbing her ass, the other guiding her neck while his mouth
hungrily devoured hers. His tongue met hers and Rhianna lost her
breath.

If she had had a rational thought right then it might have been, "God,
he's a great kisser." As it was, she found herself surrendering to his
kiss, forgetting for a moment why she was even there. Finally, he let
her go, and she took a moment to get her bearings.

"Kneel, please," he told her. Rhianna knelt on the carpet. She was
about to pull her legs together, but realized as a slave that she
wasn't allowed modesty. Instead, she forced herself to spread her knees
apart. Anderson undid his zipper and pulled out his semi-erect cock.

Very briefly, she considered the utter perversity of the situation. She
wasn't happy about being there, but giving him a blowjob was going to
help save lives. She didn't think she would mind if this were a normal
relationship, so she tried to keep that in mind as she began. This is
where my practice on the food and water dispensers will pay off, she
thought, perversely.

She took the head into her mouth and gently licked it, then sucked some
more of the now hard member into her. Anderson let her do all the work,
and evidently she was doing a good job. She looked up at him, but his
head was tilted back, mouth slightly open. After a few minutes, she
felt him tense, and he shot his load into her mouth, down her throat.
She was able to swallow him easily, and she thanked the "training"
she'd gotten at the Kennel. She decided she had not found the
experience unpleasant, given the circumstances.

Anderson recovered, pulled out of her mouth and zipped himself back up.
He went and sat on the couch and picked up his drink. "I made a good
choice," he told her, motioning for her to come over to him.

She crawled on her knees over to where he sat and laid her head on his
leg. Anderson gently petted her hair. Rhianna was surprised at herself
for getting into her role so easily, for doing what she did so readily,
but mostly, for enjoying it as much as she did. The revulsion she had
thought she would have wasn't there. Being Atamo's captive had been
hell, everyday. This was so much different, like night and day. She
wasn't quite here willingly, but she wasn't quite a captive either.
Mostly she was confused about how to feel.

She decided just to enjoy it for the moment.


Anderson explained her duties around the apartment when she was not
otherwise engaged. She was to clean up the place and generally do maid
duties. She was also to be the cook, although he had simple tastes and
wasn't expecting her to be a gourmet chef. Rhianna bristled a bit at
that, she was a pretty good cook, and vowed to show him when she got
the chance.

He had taken her into the bedroom and removed her handcuffs, but
quickly replaced them with leather restraints. She was now wearing a
collar, wrist and ankle cuffs. A hobble chain, slightly longer than the
one she wore at the Kennel, connected her ankles, and her wrists had a
six inch chain between them. In addition, he had her put on 4 inch
heels.

"Luckily, you're about the same size as my last slave," he told her.
Actually, the shoes were a little tight, and he said they'd go and get
her her own pair the next day. Rhianna had some trouble walking in
them, she wasn't used to wearing heels that high, and she'd been
barefoot at the Kennel.

Throughout it all, he couldn't seem to keep his hands off of her. He
was always fondling her, kissing her nipples or her neck, rubbing his
hand over her ass. Rhianna found that all the attention made it hard
for her to think. She was constantly in a state of arousal. The fact
that he kept his clothes on and she was always nude didn't help matters
any. She found that it was easier to fake interest in him than she had
thought it would be.

While he was putting her cuffs on, Rhianna decided to ask him some
questions, to see if she could get any idea of something going on.

"Sir, permission to speak?" Rhianna asked.

He looked at her a bit quizzically. "Oh, yeah, sure," he said after a
moment. "Listen, I might demand a lot out of you, but the not speaking
thing, well, I don't really get into that. One of the things I do like
is conversation. I make ask you to be quiet at times, but in general,
you can talk about whatever's on your mind. Usually, if I want you
quiet, I'll gag  you." He looked at her a moment. "You know, you're a
bit of a puzzle."

Rhianna was a little surprised. She hoped that she hadn't done
something to give herself away. "What do you mean, sir?"

"Well, you're about the most polite sub I've had, and yet, it seems
like you're struggling in some ways."

"I'm new at this, sir," she answered carefully, "I, I guess I'm not
sure how I should act all the time." Then she added, "I want to learn,
sir."

Anderson looked at her up and down, then motioned her to spread her
legs. Putting his hand on her neck, he bent her over at the waist.
"Grab your ankles," he told her. Rhianna tried to, but the chain on her
wrists prevented that. She settled for grabbing her hobble chain. She
felt his hand roam over her buttocks. "Are you mine?" he asked her.

Feebly, she answered "Yes, sir."

"You'll do whatever I want, and I can do whatever I want with you?" His
hands lightly massaged her butt cheeks. The threat of a spanking his
massage implied scared her a little.

"Yes, sir," she answered, more strongly this time. He let his hand
wander down to her vagina, and slowly inserted a finger. He pushed the
finger in and out of her a few times, then trailed the slick digit up
over her anus, continuing around and down her back, almost to her
shoulder blades. The hand was suddenly back on her buttocks, and
Rhianna almost gasped, afraid the spanking was going to start.

"Well, good," he said, finally. "That's all you need to know." He
pulled on her collar, motioning her to stand up again.

Rhianna was visibly relieved. She stood awhile, unsure of whether she
should move or not. She remembered what she was going to ask him. "Uh,
sir, I was wondering, well, you said that there were several reasons
you picked out a submissive today, and I was just wondering what they
were."

"Yes, well, let's see. I had a very good lover and submissive until
just recently, but she had a change of heart, something to do with
family problems, I believe. I was sorry to see her go, to tell you the
truth, but these things happen, and I suppose that in a way, we were
growing a bit apart. That's one reason. Another is that there is a
party coming up, tomorrow in fact, and I like to attend as part of a
couple. We'll have to get you ready for it tomorrow."

Rhianna felt her face go white. A party? She pictured some kind of
orgy, of having to have sex with many other men, maybe women. She never
would have signed up if she had known that.

As if he could read her mind, Anderson answered her fears. "Oh, god,
don't worry about that, pet," he said, grabbing her chin and looking
into her eyes. "I'm a selfish master. Others can look, but not touch.
I'll want you all for myself, all right?"

Rhianna clamed down quickly. She found herself trusting this man. A man
she knew smuggled dangerous weapons into the country. She had a hard
time reconciling her two views of him.

"Anyway," he continued, "I really do need someone here during the day
to clean up. I prefer my maids naked and in chains." He smiled at her.
"Finally, I'm pretty horny, and like to keep someone around." At that,
he grabbed her neck and kissed her deeply. When he finally let got,
Rhianna found she was dizzy. He patted her on the butt. "Why don't you
go and make dinner, and I can see how well you cook?" he said.

Rhianna shook herself, then shuffled off to the kitchen to see what he
had to make.


Rhianna managed to cook up a pretty good dinner with what Anderson had
in the kitchen. It wasn't fancy but it was tasty. She had to adjust to
cooking with a chain restricting her reach, and being in the nude. She
found herself wondering what was going to happen that night. To save
lives, she had volunteered to become a slave to this man. That included
the probable event of her having sex with him. She originally had
steeled herself to the inevitability of the event. She had hated every
day on Atamo's boat, but this was so different she didn't know what to
think. So far, what she had seen of Anderson led her to believe he was
in general, a nice guy. If she had met him under other circumstances,
she would have probably talked with him, even accepted an invitation to
dinner. He was suave and handsome and so far, a good lover. Knowing he
was a weapons smuggler soured her feelings for him. That part of his
life didn't jive well with the rest of what she knew of him.

In the end, she had to resign herself to doing whatever he wanted her
to, at least for the duration of the assignment.

She was about to serve dinner when she thought of something else Tonya
had told her. "Try not to make any assumptions." She shuffled into the
living room where Anderson was watching TV.

"Sir, dinner is almost ready," she told him.

"Good, good. I'll have a beer along with it, as well."

"Yes, sir," she answered. "Sir, I was wondering, should I set out one
place or two?"

"Two will be fine," he replied.

She went back and set up the table, and placed the plates of food down
as he approached and took his chair. She brought him his beer. Before
she could take her seat, he stopped her.

"Come here," he said. She stood beside him, and he removed the chain
from between her hands. "Turn around, hands behind you." He attached
the chain again, locking her hands behind her back. "Kneel here, facing
me." She knelt down, legs spread wide, butt resting on her heels. He
reached over and pulled the second plate of food nearer to his, then
began eating.

She sat there for several minutes, watching him eat, getting hungrier
by the minute. For his part, he continued eating, smiling at her,
occasionally telling her how good the food was. Finally, her stomach
growling, she asked him for something.

"Please, sir, may I have some food?"

"Yes, of course," he answered, amused. He cut a few bites from her
plate and feed them to her. The food really was good, and getting a few
bites had only made her hungrier. After a little while longer, it
became clear to her that he was only going to feed her if she begged.

"Please, sir, may I have some more food?" she asked again. He gave her
a few more bites. The entire meal followed that pattern. She would wait
until he finished several forkfuls before asking for some of her own.
It was odd, but seemed to amuse him.

After they were both done, he had her get up and he reattached the
chain in front of her so she could clean up. After she was finished in
the kitchen, she went to find him sitting on the couch, watching the
international news. Unsure of what to do, she knelt on the floor beside
him. He watched for about a half hour before seeming satisfied, then
said, "Time for bed." They both got up and she followed him into the
bedroom.

Anderson released her hands and feet so Rhianna could get ready for
bed. He even had a new toothbrush for her. Once in bed, he had her lie
on her stomach, and put her hands behind her. He clipped them together,
and then attached her ankle cuffs together as well. Anderson was
wearing pajama bottoms. He lay down beside her and said goodnight.
Rhianna thought about trying to stay awake until he went to sleep, but
she quickly fell asleep herself.

End Chapter 4

Copyright (c) 1999 David Wright





To Catch a Smuggler
By BlueWords

Chapter 5

A slap on her butt woke Rhianna somewhat rudely. "Bathroom, then
breakfast," Anderson told her. She was surprised to find that he'd
already removed the chains between her cuffs. She was slightly
disoriented, but quickly remembered where she was and who she was
supposed to be. Her nudity in front of a strange man bothered her for a
few seconds, until she realized she'd been naked since the previous day
in front of him, and really for about a week, since she entered the
Kennel. Anderson was still in his pajama bottoms, seemingly just awake
himself.

She quickly took care of her bathroom needs, then headed out to the
kitchen to scrounge up some breakfast. For some reason, she thought, I
didn't expect to become a slave cook. The idea seemed funny to her and
she was smiling when she served Anderson his breakfast. He had gotten
the newspaper and was sitting at the table reading it as she served him.

"What's so funny, pet?" he asked her, setting aside the paper.

"Oh, sir, I wasn't expecting to have to cook so much. It's almost like
I'm you slave." She giggled.

"Come here, you," he said, grabbing her wrist. He sat her in his lap
and began eating breakfast. One hand held the fork, alternating bites
between her and himself. His other hand gently roamed over her body.

"I'm going to have to take care of some business this morning, so I'm
going to leave you here, tied up, of course. Later we'll go shopping
for your wardrobe for the party tonight."

"What kind of work do you do, sir?"

"I'm in the importing business. All sorts of things, but mostly art,
cultural pieces, things like that."

"That sounds interesting, I'd love to see your office." She didn't
think he'd take her there, but she did want to try and get him talking
about his work as much as she could.

"Well, I don't have much of an office really, except for here. I just
need to make the arrangements, sometimes handle delivery for picky
clients. I do most everything from here. Miracle of modern technology,"
he said, pointing to his computer. "That and the cell phone, and I
don't really need an office."

She asked more questions about his work, if he had any examples of
things he brought in, was anything interesting coming in soon. She
tried to sound interested and not interrogating. He didn't seem to
notice or care, but gave only vague answers to most of her inquiries.
Finally, smiling, he said, "I may need to gag you after all, what with
the third degree and all."

"I'm sorry sir, please forgive your - pet," she replied, trying to
appear contrite.

"That's okay." He reached up and pulled her head to his, kissing her
deeply. She felt him harden beneath her, but oddly enough, he did
nothing but kiss her. Then he motioned for her to get off his lap.
"Clean up in here, then come into the bathroom." He got up and headed
for the bedroom, leaving her in the kitchen.

After she finished, she went to the bathroom. Anderson was getting
towels out. Apparently he was planning on them both taking a shower. He
started the water, then unlocked her cuffs, leaving her completely
naked. "After you," he said. She went into the shower and stood under
the spray. It felt good to be taking a nice hot shower. Anderson came
in behind her, so she moved out of the way.

Trying to imagine what a submissive might do, Rhianna grabbed the soap
and started to soap him up. He let her wash him, turning around for
her. She knelt down to get his legs and feet, and his penis, still half
erect from breakfast, began to stiffen. "I think you missed a spot," he
said, indicating his penis. She soaped it up, and stroked it, fondling
his testicles. He squirmed a bit, and turned to rinse the soap off. "A
little more detailed cleaning is called for." She nodded, taking him in
her mouth. She thought back to other men she'd been intimate with. She
had usually enjoyed oral sex, especially when it was reciprocated.
Here, she had to make sure she pleased, with no expectations in return.
She felt herself getting turned on despite that.

He didn't taste like the food she had at the kennel, he was more earthy
or something, she couldn't decide exactly what. Oh cripes, she thought
briefly, here I am on my knees comparing come taste.

"Jesus, you're good," he said, leaning against the shower wall to
recover.

"Thank you, sir," she said, still kneeling.

"Here, stand up." He took the soap from her and soaped her body. His
hands felt good, and he paid close attention to her breasts, crotch and
ass. He rubbed her clitoris a little while, but only enough to make her
horny. Finishing up, he whispered in her ear, "Tonight." She wasn't
sure what he meant, and he offered no further explanation.

They finished their shower, and she toweled him off before grabbing her
own towel to dry herself.

"I'm impressed. You learn fast for a 'beginner'."

"Thank you, sir," she told him again. Once she was dry, he locked her
cuffs and collar back on her, but left the connecting chains off.

"In here, pet," he told her, walking into the bedroom. He had laid out
what looked like two belts and two dildoes on the bed. Rhianna
recognized that the belts would make a chastity belt. Is he going to
put those in me first? she wondered.

The answer was yes. He fastened a wide belt around her waist, cinching
it tight. "Bend over, lean on the bed," he told her. She felt him rub
some lubricant on her anus, and then slowly push a thin dildo in. "Just
relax, this is small," he said. She had never had anything bigger than
a finger in her ass, and it felt very weird. He then pushed the other
dildo slowly into her cunt. It wasn't very thick, but was the first
thing she'd had in her in some time. Making sure they didn't fall out,
he took the other belt and attached it front and back, locking the
dildoes in place. "Stand," he bid her.

Rhianna stood. She felt very odd indeed, doubly penetrated as she was.
He attached her hobble chain again, and the 6-inch chain between her
wrists. Then he hooked the wrist chain to the belt, restricting further
the range of her hands. The belts were finally locked in place with
small locks. Rhianna wasn't going to get out of this without a key.

"At last, but not least," he said, holding up a ring gag. She had never
seen one before, but could guess what it was for. Rhianna frowned, but
opened her mouth. He buckled the gag on. She was now about as tied up
as she had been in the Kennel.

"Now, while I'm gone, I'd like you to get familiar with the apartment.
The shelves and tables need dusting, I think. You'll find what you'll
need in the kitchen under the sink. After I get back, we'll go shopping
for some clothes for you to wear to the party. I shouldn't be gone for
more than an hour or two."

Rhianna nodded, almost a bow, as she was used to the more restrictive
posture collar at the Kennel.

Anderson went off to his closet to get dressed, so Rhianna went to find
a dust rag.


He left her as she was trying to wipe the coffee table clean. It wasn't
easy tied up the way she was, and she had to kneel and lean over it.

"God, you have a gorgeous ass," he said before he left. "And that gag,
I may have to try it out when I get back."

Rhianna tried to say something, but only an unintelligible noise came
out through the gag.

"Oh, what's that, you'd like that very much?" he asked in a mocking
tone. Rhianna knew he was kidding around, but was unsure how to
respond. She decided to nod yes. It was, when she thought about it, a
truthful reply. "Even as horny as I am, I think I'll save up for the
party tonight." Rhianna nodded again, and he turned and headed for the
door. "See you in a bit," he called out as he left. Before he left, he
set the security system to the apartment.

The first thing Rhianna checked out was the security system. From what
she could tell, it was a pretty good set up. It looked fairly tamper-
proof. Rhianna knew that with the right tools, someone could bypass it,
but this system was set to slow them down as much as possible, and it
seemed like it would indicate tampering in an obvious manner. She
wondered how the agents had gotten into the apartment without alerting
Anderson. Probably why they hadn't been able to stay very long or get
much information.

After cleaning off the table and a few shelves, Rhianna started to look
around to see if she could come up with any clues. She looked over his
desk where his computer was. It was turned off, and she didn't have any
idea of the type of security it might have. Maybe later, if she knew
she had more time. There was a phone there, and the normal pens,
pencils, stapler and tape dispenser of an 'office' type desktop. There
were a few stacks of papers on the desk, but nothing that looked like a
schedule or delivery. In fact, there didn't seem to be any work related
papers on the desk at all, and the drawers were locked. She wondered if
the security system extended to the desk.

She looked into the bookshelves, but the dust indicated that nothing
there had been disturbed in a while. She cleaned while she looked,
knowing that she had to keep up appearances. After her first efforts,
she decided that she would have to gain access to his computer. Maybe
she could feign interest in wanting to play some game, or in email or
something.

Throughout her search, Rhianna was continually distracted by the
dildoes in her. They kept her aroused, but weren't enough by themselves
to cause her to achieve orgasm. This annoyed her to no end. She
wondered if his promise of "tonight" meant they were going to have sex.
Then she thought about the party, and wondered what was going to happen
there. This is all so bizarre, she thought.

After two hours or fruitless searching, she heard his key in the lock
of the door. She went to a shelf and pretended to just be finishing up.

"Still at it? I guess it's harder to do with your hands chained up like
that." She nodded, showing him that she couldn't reach every shelf.
"Oh, can't reach, huh? I can fix that." He took a set of keys out of
his pocket and unlocked the chain holding her hands to the belt. Then
he took that chain and attached it to her collar. Now, her hands could
reach higher, but were still held in check. "Finish up the top
shelves," he said.

Rhianna watched him walk over and sit down in front of his computer and
turn it on. She tried to watch what he did, but didn't have a good
angle to see. From what she could tell, he didn't seem to have typed in
a password. Rhianna made her way over to him as she cleaned. When she
finally could see what was on his screen, she was surprised.

He was playing solitaire. No secret plans or business software. Just a
card game. He caught her looking at him. "You almost finished?" he
asked. She looked around. She'd done most of the places she could
reach. She nodded yes. "Good, we can go shopping now, I guess." She
tried to give him a questioning look, then look at the computer screen.
"You know, I can't understand a word you're saying. Come here." She
walked up, and he reached up and removed the gag.

She worked her jaw a bit, then said, "Thank you, sir."

"You had a question? Wanted to suggest the 5 of clubs on the 6 of
hearts?"

"I was just wondering, well, I thought you'd be using it for business,
sir," she stated.

"Hell, I'm lucky if I can bring up the solitaire program. I've never
been very good with computers. Someone said I needed one, so I got one,
but I usually only use it for email."

"You don't keep your accounts or schedules on it?"

"No, I've stuck to paper." He unlocked a drawer and pulled out a
folder. "Just like this. It's easier for me."

"I would have thought having a billing system might be useful to you."

"Well, I don't know. It takes some time to settle accounts, but I can
do fine with paper. Do you know how to do that stuff?"

"I've done some of it," she said. Rhianna knew computers pretty well,
and she thought he might give her access to his. He was probably
telling the truth about not knowing much how to use it, but she decided
it wouldn't hurt to snoop around, and she might be able to read his
email for clues.

"Maybe I'll let you set something up for me in a week or so. For now,
lets go get you a dress for tonight."

She followed him into the bedroom. He had her stand near the bed, then
he went into his closet and rummaged around for some clothes. He came
back, laid the clothes on the bed and proceeded to remove all of her
restraints. "How did you like these?" he asked her of the dildoes.

"They were - distracting, sir," she replied.

"That all? Next time I'll have to turn them on." Rhianna was surprised.
She had a hard enough time getting around with those things in her. If
they were turned on, she didn't think she'd be able to stand.

"Stay there," he said after she was nude again. He got some things from
a dresser drawer and brought it back. One was a bracelet, that he
closed around her wrist. She held up her hand to look at it. It
appeared to be silver, a nice design, with a small loop to one side.
She noticed that it locked on. The other item was a black choker that
he placed around her neck. "It's just symbolic, but I want you to have
a reminder." He reached for the clothes on the bed. "Put these on," he
told her.

There was a white blouse that was close to her size, and a short black
skirt that also fit fairly well. "Luckily, you're the about the same
size as my previous pet," he said. He handed her the same shoes she'd
worn the previous day. "We'll get you a better size while we're out."

Rhianna looked at herself in the mirror. I looked pretty good, she
thought. It was a simple outfit, but it made her feel sexy. She
wondered briefly what Agent Wilson or Assistant Directory Vessor would
think. With the surveillance on Anderson, they'll probably have photos
soon enough.


Agent Wilson called Vessor on his cell phone. Vessor picked up on the
first ring.

"Yes?" he asked.

"Sir, He took agent Summer out. They took a cab to Macys, and we lost
them in the store. We think they've left, and we're not sure where
they've gone."

"Damn. Well, nothing to do but continue the watch on the building, and
hope agent Summer can discover his plans."

"Yes, sir."


"Why all the running around, sir?" Rhianna asked Anderson. They were
sitting in another taxi, heading to where, Rhianna didn't know.

"I have odd rivals in my business. It's - well, hard to explain. I'm
just very careful when I go out."

Rhianna nodded. After they had gotten in the second cab, Anderson had
attached a short leash to the bracelet on her wrist. She simply
accepted it. The cab brought them to a small store. The sign said
"Cynthia's", but Rhianna couldn't tell what the store might sell from
the outside. Anderson led her in to the store by the leash, which
embarrassed her some.

It was a small clothing store, and a woman approached Anderson as soon
as they entered.

"Matthew, how good it is to see you again. You're right on time. What
have we here?" she asked, referring to Rhianna. The woman approached
Anderson and feigned a kiss on each cheek. Then she looked Rhianna up
and down. "Oh, she's a pretty one, Matthew. What are we going to do for
her today?"

"She needs her hair done, shoes, and a new dress, for the party
tonight."

"Oh, darling, yes, I do believe I have some things that will look just
wonderful on her." The woman turned to Rhianna. "Do be a dear and go
take your clothes off in the changing room. Continue on through into
the tryout room and I'll be right there, all right?"

Rhianna nodded and went to the changing room. She took the blouse and
skirt off and hung them up. She kicked the tight shoes off, glad to be
out of them. Her feet hurt from walking in them, especially since she
wasn't used to heels. She didn't want to leave the confines of the
changing room, now that except for her choker, she was nude. She
wondered how many more people were going to see her body before this
assignment was through.

She reluctantly left the changing room and found the tryout room. The
entire room was wall-to-wall mirrors, reflecting her body back to her.
In the center of the room was a slightly raised platform. Rhianna
wanted to run, but instead stood near the platform and waited,
observing at how she looked. Not too bad, she thought. The woman walked
in holding several dresses, followed by Anderson.

"Oh, Matthew, she is gorgeous. Where ever did you find her?"

"At the Kennel, Sylvia. She was an adoptie." Both Anderson and Sylvia
were openly admiring Rhianna's body, and she felt self-conscious about
her nudity.

"Who would ever have given her up, Matthew? What a fool he was. If I
had seen her there, I'd have picked her for my own." Sylvia came up to
Rhianna and walked around her, studying her. Rhianna jumped slightly
when the other woman traced one of her long scars down her back.
Rhianna looked at Anderson with pleading eyes.

"It's all right, pet. Sylvia likes to joke."

"Oh, I'm harmless, dear, mostly. You're very lucky to have Matthew here
as your master."

"Why do you say that, ma'am?" Rhianna asked her.

"He'll never do this to you, dear," she answered, touching a scar line
on her back. "Let's try these on, shall we?"

Rhianna found herself warming up to Sylvia more and more as she tried
on the clothes. All of the dresses seemed very expensive, perhaps
designer gowns. Sylvia always had a comment about the dress, and
Anderson sat back and watched the show. They finally decided on a
silver, shimmery dress that tied on the sides. It was long, but slit up
the side, and showed more flesh than any other party dress Rhianna had
been in. But she had to admit it did look good on her. Rhianna realized
that it would be easy for her to get out of this dress, even if she
were tied up, and wondered if that was its purpose.

After they had decided on a dress, Anderson said he had some things to
do and would be back in a few hours. He kissed Rhianna on her cheek
before he left, whispering "You look great," in her ear. A little
louder, he told her, "You do what she says, all right? I'll be back
soon."

After he left, Sylvia told her "Take the dress off, and come with me."


End Chapter 5

Copyright (c) 1999 David Wright





To Catch a Smuggler
By BlueWords

Chapter 6

Sylvia took the dress from her and walked into another room. There, she
put the dress in a box that said "Cynthia's" on it. Rhianna was holding
back a little, not quite sure what she should be doing. Sylvia noticed
this.

"Come on, dear, I won't bite," she said, "not too hard, in any case."
She smiled, and Rhianna became just a little more worried. Still, she
stepped up to the other woman.

"You really are delicious, little one," Sylvia told her. Rhianna was
actually an inch or two taller than the other woman, even though Sylvia
was wearing heels. "If it weren't for Matthew's possessiveness, I'd
have you between my legs right now. Alas, the customer is always
right." She turned and went into a part of the store that the shoes
were on display in. Rhianna followed her. She was a little concerned
about being naked in the store, but apparently this store catered to
masters and slaves, so Rhianna figured that she wasn't going to
surprise any customers. In fact, there didn't seem to be anyone else in
the store right now. At least there weren't any windows to the street.

Sylvia picked out a few pairs of shoes for Rhianna to try on. There
were no chairs, so Rhianna had to put on the shoes standing up. The
first pair were black, and had 4 inch heels. Rhianna didn't think they
went with the silver dress.

"Those will replace those awful ones you came in with, my dear."

"Yes, ma'am," Rhianna answered, thinking she should probably speak
every once in a while.

"You may call me Mistress Sylvia, dear," Sylvia told her.

"Yes, Mistress Sylvia," Rhianna replied. This brought a wide smile to
Sylvia's lips.

"I'm simply going to have to ask Matthew to borrow you a while," she
said softly. Rhianna hoped that Matthew would remain steadfast in his
"possessiveness". It suddenly hit her that this assignment would likely
be over before that became a problem. I'm not his slave, she reminded
herself, I'm just pretending to be.

"Let me see you walk around in them," Sylvia bade her. Rhianna strode
around the room a while, having some dificulty.

"You're not used to heels, are you dear?"

"No, Mistress Sylvia." Over the next fifteen minutes, Sylvia gave her
pointers in walking in the shoes. Rhianna noticed that walking in the
shoes seemed to add a natural sway to her ass. Is that what men like?
she wondered.

Sylvia chose a pair to match the dress, then put them in their own
boxes. Then Rhianna followed her to yet another room. It looked like a
normal beauty shop, with a few modifications. Sylvia took her to a
chair in front of a sink.

"Sit here a while, I'll get someone to do your hair." After she sat
down, Sylvia hooked a short chain from the arm of the chair to her
bracelet, then walked off. Rhianna examined the chain and discovered it
was locked to the ring in her bracelet. She wasn't going anywhere for a
while.

Less than a minute after she was left there, a young woman came in. She
was dressed in an apron that covered her front and her rear end, but it
was clear she wasn't wearing anything else underneath. She had leather
cuffs on wrists and ankles, and a collar locked around her neck.

"I'll be doing your hair, miss," the woman told Rhianna politely.


Having her hair washed, her scalp massaged felt wonderful, and Rhianna
didn't want it to end. After she was done, the woman released Rhianna's
wrist and took her to a salon chair. The woman didn't cut much from
Rhianna's hair, it was fairly short still, from having been shaved off
on Atamo's boat. She had noted that her hair had grown longer than
Tonya's had.

Rhianna found that really liked the style when the woman finished. The
other woman hadn't said more than necessary during the cut, and Rhianna
didn't push it. She supposed that the stylist was a worker like those
in the Kennel, or maybe even one of Sylvia's slaves (or Cynthia's,
whoever she was).

The woman indicated for Rhianna to spread her legs, and proceeded to
trim her pubic hair. When she was done, it was in the shape of a small
triangle pointing down to her vagina. Rhianna wondered if it would itch
later. Then the woman began to apply wax around her more tender parts,
and Rhianna wanted desperately to close her legs. The wax was warm, and
she had never had this done before. She wasn't sure she could trust
this woman. The woman, for her part, was being very careful not to hurt
Rhianna at all. If Rhianna were to get hurt in any way, the woman would
be punished.

Rhianna was surprised that the waxing didn't hurt very much. A slight
stinging when the wax was pulled off, but otherwise it was fine. After
she was done with that, the woman put lotion on Rhianna's legs and
shaved them smooth. She did the same for Rhianna's armpits. Rhianna
wasn't used to getting so much attention to her appearance, but she
found that she liked it.

The young woman left Rhianna chained to the salon chair, and went to
get Sylvia.

After ten minutes or so, Sylvia came and freed Rhianna from the chair.

"You look delicious, child," she told Rhianna.

"Thank you, Mistress Sylvia," Rhianna responded politely. "Mistress,
may I ask you something?"

"But of course, girl, what is it?"

"How well do you know Math-, I mean my master? I've only been with him
a few days."

"Yes, I know. Well, he's a gentle man, in general. He is a bit
demanding when he plays, but never cruel. He likes to show his slaves
off, at least at parties, thus the full treatment you've received.
During the rest of the time, he's fairly private. I don't really know
much beyond what I've observed during our social occasions."

"Thank you, Mistress Sylvia," Rhianna said. It actually put her mind a
bit more at ease. At least it was unlikely she'd be whipped while with
Anderson.

"Well, seeing as Matthew is not back yet, and we need to find something
for you to do, don't we?" Rhianna was sure she didn't like the
implication of that. She followed Sylvia into the mirrored room, and
Sylvia directed her to stand on the platform there. "Now, what can we
do? Oh, I know. Why don't you masturbate for me, dear?" She had made
the request as if it was the most normal thing in the world to ask.

"Mistress Sylvia, I, I don't think I can, I-"

"Nonsense, dear, I'm sure you're quite capable. And what did Matthew
say before he left? 'You do what she says, all right?' I believe were
his words." Sylvia took a seat and looked expectantly at Rhianna.

Rhianna slowly moved her hand down to her freshly trimmed pubic hair.
She was not lubricated at all, so she licked her finger to make it
easier to rub herself. Throughout it all, she had a slightly pained
expression on her face. She wanted to be anywhere but there right then.

"Dear child, do please try to smile. You act as if you've never had an
audience before."

"Mistress, I haven't," Rhianna answered.

A curious look came over Sylvia's face, and she studied the nude woman
in front of her for a while. "You should think of this as practice for
tonight, then. Do you realize what might occur at the party?" Rhianna
shook her head no.

"Well, then, try to think of Matthew, then. His strong arms around you,
his hard penis thrusting inside you, his mouth upon your breast."
Despite herself, Rhianna found the picture the other woman was painting
erotic, and she closed her eyes to picture it better. It was strange
but it was turning her on. Matthew hadn't made love to her yet, and she
wondered what he would be like. The penis she'd had in her mouth,
thrusting deep inside her vagina. She began to rub a little faster, and
her other hand rose of it's own accord to her breast, playing over her
nipples. She almost forgot she was standing in a room full of mirrors
in front of another woman. Almost.

After a few minutes, Rhianna began to moan lightly. "That's it my dear.
Fuck yourself." Rhianna opened her eyes in surprise, to find Sylvia
standing only a foot or so away. She was surprised to hear the other
woman curse. She did not stop what she was doing, however.

Some small part of her thought about the absurdity of the situation,
standing there, trying hard to bring herself to orgasm, another woman
watching her so closely. That small part was overwhelmed by the
approaching waves of pleasure. Her moans got a little louder.

Right before the orgasm hit, her eyes were closed, and she was thinking
of Anderson, inside her. "Oh god, Matthew," she said breathlessly as
she came, falling to her knees. After it was over, she found herself
very surprised that she had been able to do it, and how strong the
feelings were. She shook her head slightly.

"That was wonderful, dear, absolutely wonderful," Sylvia told her.

"Yes it was," a male voice came from the doorway.

Rhianna's eyes flew wide, her finger still inside her. She felt her a
hot flush cover her body from head to toe. Anderson walked over to her.

"Here, pet, stand up, and go get dressed, okay?"

She nodded dumbly. "Yes, sir," she whispered to him. She managed to
walk to the changing room without stumbling.

"Curious girl, Matthew, but superb," she heard Sylvia say. She did not
hear Anderson's reply.

***

Wearing her blouse and skirt, her new black shoes, and carrying her
outfit for the party in its boxes, Rhianna left Cynthia's with
Anderson, going  to lunch. They picked a small French restaurant a few
blocks away. Anderson ordered for both of them, in French, so Rhianna
didn't know what she was going to have until it came. It turned out to
be a light salad and cold, but tasty soup. She was very hungry.

"Sylvia overstepped her bounds with that stunt," Anderson told her.
"Still, I'm very proud of you, pet," he said, smiling at her. His smile
was infectious, and she smiled back.

"Thank you, sir," she said, almost meaning it. Somewhere, in the back
of her mind, a small voice was saying "weapons smuggler", and she was
wishing that voice would shut up and let her enjoy lunch.

"Sylvia found you kind of curious," he told her. "She told me you
didn't seem familiar with the lifestyle, but that you tried very hard."

Rhianna thought about what her response should be. Stick to her story
first, then be as truthful as possible. "I guess I'm not that familiar
with the 'lifestyle', sir. My first master was only into whipping, and
my second was not really heavily into anything, himself. I needed
something more. He didn't know very much, except he knew about the
Kennel. I decided that it might be the thing to try."

"So tell me, what was your first bondage experience?"

"My first boyfriend, sir. He was a nice boy, and once he tried tying my
hands together with his shirt. My orgasm was so loud, we almost got
caught by his parents." Okay, so no truth so far, but Anderson seemed
to be buying it. Not a bad story in any case. "We broke up for other
reasons, and I couldn't find a boyfriend to, well, dominate me until my
first master. Then, he went too far, and I literally had to run away
from him. My second master promised he wouldn't mistreat me. I think he
wanted me to fall in love with him, but I really don't think he was my
type."

"What about me?" he asked.

"Sir?"

"Am I your type?"

Rhianna paused. In truth, he was. If he was not a criminal, Rhianna
would have loved being with him, maybe even playing some 'games' like
they were doing, although not all the time like he expected. Maybe that
meant he wasn't her type. "I don't know, sir. I do like you."

He nodded, and she hoped the truth was the right answer. "I like you,
too, pet." He took a sip from his drink. "We'll see how it goes, all
right?"

Rhianna nodded.

"We'll head back to the apartment after lunch and take it easy before
the party. You might want to take a nap, parties tend to be very
energetic."

"What is going to happen there, sir?" she asked.

"Oh, you'll see. I'm sure you'll enjoy yourself." His mouth formed a
mischievous grin, and he did not elaborate.

She decided to change the subject. "Sir, I was curious about your work.
It sounds very interesting."

"It was at first, but now, it's kind of a job like anything else. I
thought I was getting into an interesting line of work. I've always
liked art, I have a Master's degree. And this was a way I could make a
lot of money. I get requests from rich people to find certain types of
artwork, and import it if necessary. Before I imported art, I worked
selling cars, if you can believe it." Rhianna could, she'd seen his
profile. "Then I found out about importing expensive sports cars and
the like, and I managed to do that for a while, made a lot of money.
Then I found out I could make even more money importing art, and I
didn't have to get the art modified to fit California's Clean Air laws.

"I had a secretary working for me once, but she became bored, not
having much to do. I found that for the most part, I could handle my
end of the business by myself. I've even had a few commissions from
Museums. It's been fun for the most part, except for the paperwork. But
you get that down to a routine, and it's pretty straightforward.
Mostly, this job is about having contacts in other countries."

"Do you speak other languages, besides French?" Rhianna asked.

"A little of a few. I don't need much, most of the time. Anyway, that's
what I do."

"It sounds interesting to me, sir," she said. "Do you get to fly off to
other countries?"

"Well, I used to. Now, mostly, I have contacts in other places, and
they set stuff up for me. I suppose it sounds like a glamorous-type
job, but it's more or less routine for me now." Rhianna noticed that he
had a slight pained expression when talking about his contacts in other
countries. She wondered if he had problems with them.

"I'm sorry it's not as fun as it used to be, sir."

"Well, that's what I have you for, now isn't it?" Rhianna blushed
slightly from that statement, not sure why.

They finished lunch, and took a taxi back to his apartment.

***

Rhianna was hobbled with short chains between her ankles and her
wrists. Anderson suggested she take a nap.

"I think I will in a while, sir. I was just wondering, did you want me
to try and automate your billing a little more? It's something I'm
pretty good at, and it might help you out." She had made her way over
to his desk and flipped through the folder he'd left out the previous
day.

"You know, that might not be such a bad idea after all. My tax lawyer
is always after me to keep better records. Not my strong suit, I'm
afraid. If you think you can, when you have a spare moment, go ahead."

Rhianna nodded. She was trying to glance through the folder without
appearing like she was looking for clues. It appeared to be a jumble of
papers, invoices, shipping receipts, schedules. She'd need more time to
look through it, but it didn't seem like much right then. She decided
she'd have to try and look through it more the next day. Right now, she
supposed she would take the nap. She was a little tired, and Anderson
said they might be up late. She shuffled into the bedroom and laid down
on the bed.

Anderson resisted the urge to follow her to bed and ravage her. He
wanted to save it for this evening at the party. It was almost perfect,
having a new slave for the party. Despite his other worries, she was
going to be perfect.


End Chapter 6

Copyright (c) 1999 David Wright





To Catch a Smuggler
By BlueWords

Chapter 7

"Sir, Anderson has left in a limousine with Agent Summer. They've
headed north up Long Island. The agents watching them said they were
both very well dressed." Agent Wilson set down a few photographs of
Rhianna and Anderson getting into a long car.

Vessor studied the pictures. "Heading to a party, it appears," he told
Wilson.

"Do you think Anderson is going to try anything tonight, sir?"

"No, it's unlikely. I think Agent Summer would have been able to make
some sign to us. It seems unlikely that he's going to try and make a
pick up tonight. He is being followed, isn't he?"

"Yes sir, oddly enough, he made no attempt at any kind of evasion."

"Well, even more reason to believe there's no shipment tonight."

"You're working late tonight, sir. I thought you had a function to
attend."

"I did, but I had to cancel for - personal reasons. I'll make the next
one." Vessor nodded to Wilson with a dismissive gesture, and resumed
the paperwork he'd been checking when Wilson came in.

Wilson smiled awkwardly, turned and left the room.

***

They drove out to a large estate somewhere on upper Long Island.
Rhianna had a blindfold on the entire trip, so she didn't see exactly
where they were going. Hopefully, the FBI had managed to follow them,
but she was unsure as to what they could do anyway, so she guessed it
didn't matter. She didn't think Anderson was going to be able to
smuggle anything in tonight.
"I want you to call me 'Master' at the party, pet. Just for tonight.
It's kind of expected, and well, I hate to sound vain, but I'm trying
to show off tonight."

"Yes s- master," Rhianna replied. She was kneeling on the floor boards
at his feet, with a blindfold covering her eyes. She noticed this was
the same position she was in when Vessor had dropped her off at the
Kennel. Anderson would reach up and fondle her breast through the dress
a few times, but for the most part left her alone.

"I think you'll enjoy yourself at the party, pet. I know I will."

"Yes, master," was all she could think of to reply.

He helped her out of the car when they got there, and Rhianna found it
slightly funny that this was twice in one week she needed help getting
out a limousine while tied up and blindfolded. He led her inside with a
leash attached to her collar. She had her wrist and ankle cuffs on, her
wrists hooked together behind her, her beautiful dress and new shoes,
and nothing else. She stepped carefully, trying not to stumble. He left
the blindfold on until after they'd passed through the door of wherever
they were. Once inside, Rhianna blinked in the light, then glanced all
around.

The mansion, for she was sure it was, was lavishly decorated. She was
in a large foyer, and off to either side were long, tall hallways. In
front of her was a large room, looking something like a dance hall.
There was a mirrored ball hanging from the ceiling, and some sort of
ambient music playing. The people were not dressed like those going to
a dance, however. Rhianna noted that she and Anderson looked normal
amidst the crowd of leather, rubber and plastic.

Many men and women who were dressed in normal, fancy party clothes.
Rhianna guessed that these were the masters and mistresses. There were
as many other people who were dressed in leather cuffs, chains, rubber
suits, confining outfits of all types. One woman walked by her on a
leash similar to her own. The woman was in high heeled boots which were
hobbled by a short chain, and a rubber suit that covered almost all of
her body, except for her face, her breasts, her ass and crotch. Her
hands were locked behind her back, and a small chain connected her
nipple rings together. She was gagged with what looked like a very
large black ball.

There were other slaves similarly dressed, or undressed. Some were
almost naked except for their chains. Others were covered head to toe
in some outlandish outfit. A few were dressed as Rhianna was, in a
party dress or a tuxedo. Almost all had a collar or some other obvious
restraint device on.

Rhianna and Anderson made their way through the crowd. Anderson grabbed
a thin glass of champagne for himself and sipped it absentmindedly
while they walked. He would often say hello to people they passed. Many
people seemed to know him. He took her to one side of the large room
and showed her a display that was set up in a small alcove.

Rhianna was shocked speechless. A woman was tied to a large 'X' shaped
cross with what seemed like dozens of yards of rope. A large dildo was
held loosely inside her with more rope. There were thin wires leading
to her breasts and her crotch area, the wires coming from a box that a
man in a chair was manipulating. The woman seemed to spasm, and Rhianna
watched as the dildo went in and out of her, from the woman's muscle
action alone. The woman jerked in her bonds in a way that made it
obvious to everyone there she was having an orgasm. The man with the
box did not let up, and soon the woman was having yet another orgasm,
straining in her ropes.

Anderson walked on and Rhianna followed. There were many such 'scenes'
going on. A man, suspended horizontally face down, by his legs and arms
and a wide waist belt attached to chains from the ceiling. He as
otherwise nude, a large gag filling his mouth. A woman behind him wore
a strap-on dildo that she was lubricating. She approached the man from
behind and rather quickly pushed the dildo into his ass and began
roughly fucking him. The man moaned and squirmed, his eyes going wide
and meeting Rhianna's eyes for a moment. Then he jerked, and come
spurted out of his hard penis to the floor. The woman behind him
laughed and continued fucking him.

Other scenes, a woman tied to a chair, and man bent over a bar being
spanked, another woman, not tied down at all, simply laying on a bench
being fucked by her lover. Rhianna wondered what Anderson had in store
for her.

They came upon a scene where a woman dressed in laytex and apparently
wearing diamonds was gleefully using a whip on a tied up girl. The girl
hanging there had already taken several blows from the whip and jerked
from another when Rhianna and Anderson came up. Anderson saw the
mistress and turned his head away in disgust, tugging on Rhianna's
leash.

"Come on, let's get away from this one," he said, sounding upset.
Rhianna didn't move, though. After her first view of the scene, the
girl being whipped, she had frozen in place and shut her eyes.

"No, please," she whispered to no one.

Anderson suddenly realized his charge was not moving along behind him
when he had to tug on the leash.

"Pet? Let's go - pet?" Rhianna didn't seem to hear him. "Rhianna?" he
asked her, uncharacteristically using her name. "Rhianna, are you all
right?"

Rhianna felt the floor move under her feet. In her mind, she was tied
up again, seeing the face of Atamo's ugly henchman. He was raising the
whip, about to strike her when someone called her name. They never had
used her name on Atamo's ship. They'd given her some other name. What
was going on?

Rhianna struggled to remember. She wasn't on the awful ship anymore,
she'd been rescued, along with Tonya and, and Maria. Instead, she was
at a party, pretending to be the slave to someone. Anderson, Matthew
Anderson, and he was calling her name. She opened her eyes.

"Sir," she said, almost inaudibly. She looked around, making sure she
wasn't on a boat.

"Pet, are you all right? What's wrong?" Anderson was genuinely
concerned.

"I'm sorry, master, I'm sorry. The, the woman with the whip, she -"
Rhianna shuddered slightly. Anderson put his arm around her and led her
away from the scene.

"It's okay, pet. She's an evil bitch, and I try to avoid her if at all
possible. My few dealings with her have been very distasteful."
Anderson had his arm around Rhianna, and if her arms weren't tied
behind her, she might have almost felt normal. "Was that, did you first
master do that?"

"Yes sir," she said softly in his ear. "I was whipped a lot. I'm sorry,
master, for -" Anderson put a finger on her lips.

"It's all right, Rhianna. I will never do that to you. You're safe with
me, okay?" He smiled at her, and she did feel safe. "Are you okay, now?
We could leave if you felt ill."

Rhianna was surprised at his statement, expecially since he'd been
looking forward to this party. She started to worry about completing
her assignment, and if she couldn't hold up at the party, he might
decide to get rid of her. She felt that she had to stay. Besides, she
felt better about things now. He wouldn't treat her that way, he
actually seemed to care for her.

"No, master, please. I'm fine now. I promise, that won't happen again."
Anderson looked at her and seemed to decide that she was telling the
truth. They were well away from the whipping now, so he removed his arm
from around her and took up the leash again. He continued to lead her
around, as before. But every once in a while he glanced at her to make
sure she was all right.

A well-dress woman about Rhianna's age approached Anderson. "Matthew,
how are you?" she asked excitedly. She grabbed his head and kissed him
full on the mouth, making a big show of it.

Anderson seemed slightly peeved at the woman. He took a step back from
her. "I'm just fine, Gwen." He turned to Rhianna. " Gwen, my new pet.
Pet, this is Gwen." Rhianna tried to do a small curtsy.

"She's lovely, Matty, just lovely." Gwen made a reach for Rhianna's
dress, as if to lift it to get a better view of what was underneath.
Anderson lightly slapped her hand.

"Now, now Gwen, you know better," he told her.

Gwen made a pouting face. "You and your no touching policy," she said,
grumpily. Then her face changed to a smile, the incident apparently
forgotten. "So, how long have you had her, Matty?"

"Just a few days. This is her first party."

"Well, we'll just have to make her feel very welcome." Gwen leaned in
and lightly kissed Rhianna on both cheeks, fondling her breasts as she
did so. Rhianna was a little taken aback.

"Thank you, mistress," Rhianna said haltingly.

Anderson suddenly caught sight of a very tall black man in the crowd.
"Good god, it's Mumbusu Mulata. I've been waiting to talk to him for
months." He turned to Rhianna. "He's a very important man in African
art circles. If I could talk to him . . ."

"Well, why don't you go ahead," Gwen urged him.

"I've heard he's gay, and doesn't like talking with women around." He
inclined his head towards Rhianna, indicating that Mulata might not
like her presence.

"I can watch you pet, Matty, if you want to go talk to Mr. Mulata."

Anderson turned to look at Gwen, studying her for a few seconds.

"You promise not to touch?" he asked her, his look almost a glare.

Gwen gave another pout. "Yes, I promise, Matty. Go have your talk. We
women will get along just fine without you."

Anderson turned to Rhianna. "I'll just be gone a few minutes." He
handed Rhianna's leash to Gwen and went off to talk to the tall black
man.

"Now," Gwen told Rhianna, pulling her along, "let's go see what trouble
we can get into.

***

Gwen lead Rhianna around the room, looking at the tableaus taking
place. It was like no party Rhianna had ever seen or imagined in her
life. Looking into the crowd of people in the middle of the room
mingling, it might have almost seemed normal, if you considered what
people were wearing, or not wearing as normal. But along the edge of
the room it was another story. There were many different restraint
devices along the walls of the room, each in their own alcove. Most
were being used.

They came upon a man who was tied rather simply. A pole came up from
the floor to about four feet in height. The man's arms were bound
behind him, tied to the top of the pole. His legs were kept apart by a
spreader bar attached to ankle cuffs. There was a thin blindfold around
his head. The only other thing he was wearing was a leather cock and
ball harness, that kept his eight or so inches of cock stiff and
straight out in front of him. There was no master or mistress around,
and Rhianna noticed a sign that said "Please Use", hanging down from a
chain hooked to nipple clamps. He had been left there for anyone,
apparently.

"Oh, god, look at the size of him, dear girl," Gwen said. His cock was
thick and hard, the head purple, a small amount of pre-come dripping
from it. "Wouldn't that be just glorious to have in your mouth, dear?"
Gwen went up to the man, tugging Rhianna after her. "Why don't you give
him a thrill?" Gwen asked her.

"Mistress, no, I - my master wouldn't want me to." Rhianna hoped she
wouldn't be forced to suck this man off, and hoped that Gwen would
honor her promise.

Gwen pouted again. "Oh, that's right. My god, you're as bad as he is,
aren't you?" She reached out and grabbed the man's penis and began
stroking it. "Are you sure you don't want to taste this? I won't tell,
you know."

Rhianna shook her head no. If had she wanted to 'give him a thrill',
she would not have trusted Gwen not to tell. Gwen sighed and let go of
the man's cock. "Oh well," she said.

They walked on, and Rhianna was continually amazed at the sights. At
one scene, her eyes opened wide in surprise, and Gwen noticed.

"Oh, would Matty's pet like to try that?" Rhianna shook her head again,
but couldn't seem to stop staring. On a slightly raised platform, a
woman was tied down to padded sawhorse looking bench. Her legs and arms
were fastened to the legs of the sawhorse and her head and ass hung off
each end a little. There were two large, well-muscled men, one at each
end of her. One was vigorously fucking her cunt, and the other was
shoving his cock well down her throat. To top it all off, there were
two women, mistresses, Rhianna assumed, spanking the men with long
paddles. It was one of the most bizarre things Rhianna had thought
she'd ever seen. She felt a tug on her collar, and Gwen was walking
off. Rhianna was embarrassed by her curiosity of the scene.

They came upon a setting where no one was tied up. There were chains
hanging from the ceiling and some more bolted to the floor.

"Here, let's have a little fun," Gwen told her. She had Rhianna step up
to the middle of the chains. "Here, let me undo your hands." Rhianna
wasn't sure how to react. She was sure this was a bad idea, but wasn't
sure if she should resist Gwen or not. She had promised not to touch,
but who knew what she was thinking. Where the hell was Matthew, anyway?

Gwen attempted to unhook Rhianna's hands so she could attach it to one
of the chains hanging down. Rhianna decided that Matthew would not go
for this, and she sure as hell knew she didn't want to be tied up for
Gwen. She pulled her hands away from Gwen.

"Mistress, please. My master was clear in saying no touching. I don't
think he'd want this."

Gwen's face turned angry. She was about to say something when Anderson
walked up.

"And you'd be right. What were you up to, Gwen?" Gwen's face changed
from anger to a smile in an instant. Rhianna had thought Gwen was about
to hit her, but now she was all sweetness.

"Oh, Matty, I was just going to show you 'pet' here how these things
worked. She was asking about them and -"

"Oh, I just bet you were, Gwen. If I hadn't been so desperate to talk
to Mulata I would never have left my pet alone with you. I should just
trust my instincts more."

"Matty, I wouldn't have hurt her. You know me, I was just going to -"

Anderson interrupted her again. "You were probably going to spank her,
I know what you like, Gwen. Rhianna is very skitterish around whips and
all. Her first master mistreated her badly."

Gwen's face softened then, as she looked at Rhianna. "Oh, you poor
thing. I'm sorry, really I am. Matty knows I was just playing." She
couldn't whether the other woman was being serious or not, but she
seemed to mean it, so Rhianna took her at her word.

"I am sorry if I offended you, mistress," Rhianna told her.

"Oh, Matty, she just is ever so sweet. No offense taken, dear," Gwen
said. She leaned into Rhianna as if to kiss her cheek, and whispered in
her ear, "What I really wanted to do was take you somewhere and fuck
you silly. Maybe if you're lucky, Matty will do that. I've heard he's
very good, if you like that sort of thing." Gwen kissed her cheek and
stepped back.

"Well, Matty, I guess I'll be off to find another victim." She laughed
out loud as if at some very funny joke, kissed Anderson on the lips
again, and wandered off.

Matthew shook his head. "I just don't get her sometimes. Hell, I don't
get her at all." He looked Rhianna over. "Are you all right?" he asked
her.

"Oh, master, I'm doing very well, now that you're here," she replied.
She was momentarily surprised at her own answer. Where had that come
from? she thought.

Anderson kissed her full on the lips, very passionately. Rhianna found
herself wishing her hands weren't still tied together, so that she
could hold him during the kiss.

"I seem to have a problem leaving you with other people, pet," he said,
breaking off the kiss. "I'll have to try and be more available myself.
If it's any consolation, my talk with Mulata was very productive."

"That's very good, master," she said.

Anderson led her a few steps away from the chains, then turned to her.
"I know we've not been together long, but I'd like to ask you, do you
trust me, pet?"

Rhianna was a bit startled by the question, but found herself answering
before she'd thought what the proper answer might be. "Yes, master, of
course I do." Another surprising answer, she thought, more so because
it was the truth.

"Well, good, because I found what I was looking for, across the room.
But first," he said. He unhooked her hands from behind her and then
undid the ties holding her dress on and pulled it off of her, leaving
her naked. "Okay, let's go," he said, now holding her dress in one
hand, her leash in the other.

End Chapter 7

Copyright (c) 1999 David Wright





To Catch a Smuggler
By BlueWords

Chapter 8

He lead her by the leash off to the other side of the room. Rhianna was
a bit embarrassed by having to walk through the crowd naked, on a
leash. She noticed that she was getting stares, too. She couldn't
decide on what to do with her hands. She wanted to cover herself with
them, but knew that would not be appropriate. She almost wished that he
had hooked them back together behind her, at least she wouldn't have
the temptation to bring them up over her breasts. Finally, she decided
to hold them together behind her back herself, feeling this was a
properly submissive gesture.

Anderson led her to another alcove that was currently unoccupied. There
was a low wide leather ottoman there. It had been modified with places
to attach chains or ropes on the sides. Anderson had Rhianna sit on the
edge of the stool while he set her dress down and retrieved some rope.

"Lay down, pet, on your back," he told her. She did so, and he began to
tie her to the stool. Using her cuffs and the hooks on the ottoman's
side, he bound her arms, then her legs, so that she had very little
movement. When he was done, her legs were spread wide, bent at the
knee. She could lift her head, but otherwise was helpless.

He got a set of nipple clamps, and showed them to her. "They aren't set
very tight at all, it will be more like a kiss than a pinch." He bent
down and sucked on her right nipple, making it very hard. Then he
gently applied one of the clamps. It was tight enough to hold on to the
nipple when pulled, but didn't hurt at all. He did the same to the left
nipple. Rhianna was slightly squirming now. She'd never had nipple
clamps on before, and she found them very distracting, causing all
sorts of odd sensations. Anderson lifted the chain between the clamps a
little, and Rhianna let out a low moan.

Anderson dropped the chain and went off to get something else. He bent
in front of her and she had a hard time seeing what he was up to. She
turned her head and looked out into the crowd. A few people had
gathered to watch as Anderson did whatever he was doing, and Rhianna
felt her skin flush in embarrassment.

She felt his fingers between her legs, touching her anus. "Oh, sir,"
she said breathlessly.

"Relax, pet. Relax and enjoy it." His voice was calm and soothing, and
Rhianna felt a little better about it all, knowing he was the one
there, doing all these things to her.

Anderson slowly pushed a lubricated finger into her anus, and moved it
around. Rhianna moaned again. He removed his finger, but replaced it
with something slightly harder and slightly bigger. Rhianna had never
seen a butt plug before, and now she had a thin one inside her.

Anderson trailed a finger up her slit and lightly grazed her clit. "Oh,
god," she said involuntarily. Her rational thought was quickly leaving
her. Even though she was tied down, what he was doing was really
turning her on. Maybe even because she was tied down. A finger entered
her cunt, and she realized that she was very wet. I'm an FBI agent, she
tried to think, but somehow it didn't seem to matter right then. She
wanted him to keep doing what he was doing.

He continued to tease her with just one finger for a while, pushing it
into her slick cunt, lightly touching her clit on occasion. He stood up
and removed his jacket, and then knelt back down and continued his
maddening assault. When his tongue passed over her now engorged cunt
lips, she gasped.

"Oh, sir, uh, master!" she moaned. She wanted to beg him to continue,
but he only teased her some more. Feelings were building in her, but
they never reached the boiling point. Finally she couldn't take it
anymore.

"Please, master," she said.

"What, slave?" he asked.

She tossed her head from side to side. Why couldn't he just let her
come? "Please, master, let your slave come. Please?" She sounded so
pitiful, even to herself, but she no longer cared.

He didn't answer, but just kept up his slow torture. From somewhere he
had gotten a thin vibrator and it was buzzing in his hands. He rubbed
it gently up and down her labia and pushed it a short ways into her
vagina, but avoided touching her clitoris. Rhianna felt that she was so
close. She wasn't thinking much about her role-playing, only her need
to come. Some where in the back of her mind, she heard Tonya telling
her that slaves weren't supposed to come until their master let them.

"Please, master," she pleaded again, "please let me come."

"You may, when I tell you to," he replied. He continued to tease her
with the vibrator. Then he held it over her clit. "All right, pet,
now," and he placed the buzzing tool directly on her now engorged
button.

Her orgasm hit her immediately and seemed to explode through her.
Rhianna screamed out and bucked against the stool. Anderson didn't let
up, and her orgasm blasted away any thoughts she might have had.

Finally, he let her come down from it. Tears streamed down her face,
running her makeup. When she could think again, she felt like she had
just run several miles. The fluid from her cunt had run down her legs
and stained the leather stool. Rhianna felt great, but exhausted.

"How did you like your first orgasm of the night, pet?"

Rhianna was going to answer that she loved it, when she realized what
he said. "First, master?" He just laughed in reply.

Anderson retrieved something else, and Rhianna wondered how much she
could take. He fastened a strap around each of her legs, high on the
thigh. Then he place something that was attached to the straps over her
clit, snuggling it between her lips. He removed the plug from her anus,
and slowly slid a thin vibrator in its place. Then he turned them both
on.

Rhianna's mouth formed an 'O', but no sounds came until after her
orgasm hit her a few seconds later. This one seemed to last forever.
Rhianna thought she might have passed out briefly, because when she
came to her senses, the two vibrators were gone.

Anderson played her for a long time. She lost track of how many orgasms
he had given her. Sometimes she pleaded to come, but most of the time
she just screamed out her pleasure. He occasionally gave her a sip of
water to help wet her mouth. At one point he removed the nipple clamps
and that set off another orgasm. He replaced them, set slightly
tighter. The small butt plug was exchanged for a little large one, and
she'd had many different types of dildoes and vibrators on and in her.

It seemed like days to Rhianna, but it was really only an hour or so.
Anderson had teased her mercilessly for a while, not allowing her to
orgasm, but bringing her close over and over again. Finally, she
thought she realized what he wanted, what he wanted from her, for her
to say. And she knew that she wanted it, too.

"Please, master, please make love to me," she asked between moans.

Not stopping what he was doing, he goaded her. "What?"

"Please, master," she asked again, almost whispering, "please fuck me."

"What?" he asked her again, pretending not to hear.

"Please," she begged, unashamed now, her world reduced to a glowing
spot between her legs. "Please, master, fuck your - slave."

For his part, he could take no more. He originally had not planned to
do anything but drive her wild, over and over again. He found that he
was so hard he could no longer stand it. He stood up and unzipped his
pants and pulled them down lightly, letting out his jutting cock. He
bent over and fingered her some more, causing more moans. He gently
tugged on the chain connecting her breasts, causing yet further moans.

"Fuck me master, fuck your slave, please, fuck me," she begged aloud,
unabashed.

That had been what he was waiting for. He knelt down in front of her
and quickly pushed his penis into her wet cunt. Rhianna was no longer
thinking of anything except how good it felt right then. "Oh, god,
master," she softly cried out, as he began to pick up the pace. He
leaned up and over her, his hands on the stool at her sides, his arms
holding him up. Rhianna couldn't remember when she'd made love like
this, if ever. She saw and felt the attraction of being tied down,
unable to do anything but feel the pleasure.

She looked up and saw him over her. He was looking at her intensely,
and she wished she could kiss him. She vaguely remembered she was
acting at something, that she was supposed to be submissive.

"Master," she said breathlessly, "I, may I come?"

As an answer, he leaned down to kiss her deeply on the lips. Rhianna's
mind left her then, blown away by yet another powerful orgasm. Waves of
pleasure radiated through her. The only thought she had was how happy
she was when she noticed his face turn into a sensual grimace,
indicating his orgasm. She felt him pulse inside her.

Rhianna was slowly coming back down off of her high, basking in the
wonderful feelings running through her body. Anderson had slowed down,
but not totally stopped thrusting into her.

"Oh, Matthew," she said.

"You're welcome, pet," he whispered to her, kissing her, either failing
to notice or ignoring her breach in protocol.

To her surprise, he began to pick up his pace again. She looked at him,
eyes wide, as she began building to another orgasm. "Master?" she
asked, and he laughed, and began fucking her stronger.

"Oh god, master," was all she could get out before her words turned to
continuous moans.

***

He had untied her, and she had barely been able to sit up. She had
never felt so - so well fucked. Her body was tingling all over, and she
was covered in a sheen of perspiration. No she thought, sweat. Her cunt
was still throbbing, and she was surprised to find out how wet the
stool had become. She looked up to find Matthew coming back with two
glasses of champagne. He handed one to her and stood before her.

"Thank you, master," she said.

"How do you feel, pet, after your first time at a party?" he asked her.

She was sure she looked a mess, makeup running she was sure, hairstyle
ruined, fluids leaking from her cunt down her legs. She looked around.
There had been a crowd of people watching their show, but now most of
the onlookers had left, and she got only occasional glances from people
walking by. She was tired and a little sore, and she still had the
clamps hanging from her nipples, not to mention the butt plug.

"I feel great, master," she said truthfully. He may be a smuggler, but
he's a damn good lover, she thought. I'll miss him when he's in jail. A
frown momentarily came over her face.

Matthew noticed it. "Is something wrong, pet?" He looked concerned.

Rhianna forced a smile. "No, master. I, I just am not used to all of
this, sir. And I think I'm still a little light-headed." She drank a
sip of champagne and giggled.

"Well, I guess this is a bit much for a first date, but you did
wonderfully, pet. I'm very pleased with you." Rhianna felt proud at
that statement before she realized what it meant. Then she just felt
confused. "There's one more thing you must do, then we can wander
around some more, maybe get a bite to eat."

"Sir?"

"You need to clean me off, pet," he told her.

Rhianna looked around for a towel before it hit her what he meant. She
set her glass down, then dropped to her knees in front of him, pulled
his now flaccid penis back out of his pants and began to lick it. This
is what sex tastes like, she thought as she sucked both of their fluids
from him. She found that she didn't mind the taste. It did remind her
that she was hungry.

After she finished, he was semi-erect again. "That'll have to wait
until later," he laughed. He zipped himself back up while she knelt
there. Once dressed, he asked her to stand. "Turn around," he said. He
locked her hands together behind her, then grabbed her leash again.
Before going on, he reached up to the clamps on her nipples and turned
the thumb wheel, tightening them a little more. "Just to make sure they
don't fall off," he said.

Rhianna felt the slight additional pressure. It didn't hurt any more,
but she found that it did serve to keep her stimulated, even after all
she had been through. With a tug of the leash, they were off to find
the buffet.

***

Matthew had gotten a large plate of food from the buffet, and they had
found a chair he could sit in while they ate. Rhianna knelt next to the
chair, waiting for him to feed her pieces of food. For his part, he was
making sure that she became even more of a mess than she already was.
He 'accidentally' would miss her mouth, getting sauce on her face, or
dripping it onto her breasts. She didn't mind that much, she was very
hungry. Most of the food was finger food, perfect for feeding to your
slave, she thought.

Even at the buffet, things were odd. There were two people tied down to
the table, one man and one woman. Much of the food was arranged around
and on top of them.  The couple on the table weren't able to partake,
as they were gagged as well. Rhianna wondered just how weird the party
could get. She was about to find out.

After they had eaten their fill, Rhianna needed to go to the bathroom.

"Master, I need to, um, use the ladies room, please."

Anderson smiled. "You probably just want an excuse to take out that
butt plug," he laughed.

"No, sir, I, it's okay, I mean -" she stopped, flustered. She hadn't
even thought about the plug, it no longer seemed very big, and she'd
almost forgotten about it. She didn't want to seem like she was
complaining about it, since that didn't seem like something a
submissive might do.

"That's okay, pet, I was just pulling your leg. Let's go find the
bathroom." They got up and went off through a door and down a short
hallway. Anderson led her right into the bathroom. Inside, there was an
attendant.

The attendant was a woman dressed in rubber. From her high-heeled
boots, to the top of her head she was encased in rubber. A short chain
hobbled her boots, but her hands were free. The only skin showing was a
small circle around her eyes. Coming from mouth, which appeared to be
gagged, was a thin tube with a bulb on the end. Two more of these hung
between her legs, and one hung down from the middle of her rather ample
chest. The woman had been standing, but straightened up when they
walked in.

Anderson had Rhianna bend over and he removed the plug and tossed it in
a sink. Then he motioned for Rhianna to use one of the toilets there.

There were two toilet bowls, but no stalls for privacy. Of course not,
thought Rhianna. Anderson stopped in front of the rubber covered woman
and nodded. The woman led Rhianna to one of the toilets and helped her
sit down. The rubber woman stood next to her as Rhianna sat there.
After she was done, the other woman wiped her off, and helped her stand
again. Anderson picked up Rhianna's leash and took her out of the
bathroom.

"What were those bulbs for, master?" she asked Anderson.

"They are used to pump up her various, uh, devices. She has a gag, and
two dildoes, and her bra. They all inflate. They were pretty pumped
from what I could tell." There was a little bit of disbelief in his
voice, as if he couldn't quite understand the woman's bondage either.
Before going back to the main 'ballroom', Anderson turned to Rhianna.

"Pet, would you be terribly disappointed if we left for the apartment
soon. I think I'd prefer to be alone with you for the rest of the
evening."

Rhianna felt a smile form on her lips. "Master, it's for you to decide.
I'll do whatever you wish." She found herself sincerely wishing that
they'd leave the party, and not because she just found the whole thing
weird.

Anderson smiled back at her. "Good answer, pet, but tell me, what would
you really like?"

Rhianna didn't have to take long in answering. "This party is a bit -
odder than I imagined, but really, sir, as long as we stay together,
I'll be fine."

Anderson considered her words. "Well, lets go wander around a little
more and then we can head off home."

End Chapter 8

Copyright (c) 1999 David Wright





To Catch a Smuggler
By BlueWords

Chapter 9

They wandered around the party some more. Matthew told her that the
party encompassed a lot. It was more than just a "bunch of perverts
getting together and tying each other up." Some people liked the
performance. Some liked the notoriety of being among others who could
appreciate their handiwork. Anderson himself didn't really like
"performing" to a crowd, but he did like showing off his pet. He told
Rhianna that she had done better than he had hoped, and that several
people in the crowd watching him bring her to orgasm again and again
had abruptly left to go 'relieve' themselves. Rhianna felt her blush
over the full length of her body, but at the same time, felt an odd
sense of pride at having done well and pleasing Matthew. She was
puzzled at those feelings.

Anderson went on to say that since most of the people here were
generally rich, a lot of business deals went on. He himself had made
plans to meet with Mulata again and discuss some art transfers. And
finally, it was a party in the truest sense of the word, and people
came to dance and drink and eat. There was even a fashion show held in
another room that they had missed due to their being otherwise
occupied.

Rhianna noticed as they went about looking at more scenes, that he was
avoiding the ones that seemed to have a heavy element of corporal
punishment in them. At first she was pleased, but after a while, she
felt like she might be running away from a problem that she needed to
face. They came upon Gwen, changed from her party dress into a leather
dominatrix dream. Anderson started to veer away, but Rhianna spoke up.

"Master?" she asked, getting his attention. "Can we, can we stay to
watch?"

Anderson studied her a moment. He seemed to immediately grasp her
reasons. "Are you sure, pet?"

"Yes, master, I am." He nodded and the moved closer for a better view.
Anderson had her kneel in front of him and he absently massaged her
shoulders as they watched the scene.

Gwen caught sight of them and looked perplexed briefly, but then
continued with her preparations. Near Gwen was another woman, dressed
only in ankle cuffs and high heels. The woman was slightly larger than
Gwen, and her breasts could be called 'ample'. Gwen turned to her,
making quite a show of the whole thing. Rhianna thought it looked a
little silly.

"Do you give yourself to me, slave?" Gwen asked the other woman.

"Yes, mistress, I do," she answered.

"Assume the position." The acting was atrocious and overdone, but
apparently heartfelt. The other woman straddled the device on the
platform. A wide sawhorse that was attached to a set of stocks. The
woman laid down on the padded bar of the sawhorse and allowed Gwen to
put her arms and head in the stocks and lock the top part down over
her. Gwen then attached the woman's ankle cuffs to the back 'A' part of
the sawhorse. The woman was now trapped, her ass sticking out
prominently, her breasts hanging down. She was also unable to see what
was happening behind her now.

Gwen picked out a long, flat leather covered paddle. It did not bend,
so Rhianna guessed there was wood under the leather. Gwen didn't
hesitate, she swung at the target so well presented to her. There was a
loud retort, and a wide red mark appeared on the woman's ass.

To her credit, the slave didn't cry out. Instead, she grunted slightly,
and said, "One, thank you mistress."

Rhianna shuddered slightly, and Anderson leaned down and asked her if
she was all right.

"I'll be fine, master," she replied in a whisper.

The spanking continued on, and after 30 or so strokes the slave was no
longer able to count. Through it all Rhianna tried hard to remain calm.
She was at first appalled, but after a while she noticed a wetness
coating the insides of the slave's thighs. This confused her, because
she could only think of the pain she had endured when she was whipped.
Here was a woman that not only asked for it, but liked it as well.

Gwen didn't seem to mind that the slave wasn't counting any more. After
a few more strokes, the woman cried out. "Mistress, may I please come?"

Gwen's smile got even bigger. "Of course, slave," and she swung more
rapidly, although with less force. Three swats later and the slave was
crying out, shaking in her bounds, her orgasm taking her. Gwen stopped
the spanking there. She released the other woman's ankles and opened
the stocks. The slave was a bit shaky, but she knelt in front of Gwen.

"Thank you, mistress," she said, this time definitely not acting.

At that point, Anderson bade Rhianna to get up and they walked away
from the scene.

"She likes it, doesn't she, master?" Rhianna asked.

"Yes, and Gwen loves spanking her. I wouldn't be surprised if Gwen
takes her off in a little while to one of the rooms here and makes love
with her."

"There are private rooms here?"

"Yes. I would have had us retire to one earlier, but the way you were
begging, I just couldn't wait anymore. I don't usually fuck out in the
open like that. You just looked so sexy like that, I couldn't stand it
anymore."

Rhianna thought about how she had looked and still looked. Her makeup
and hair a mess, covered in sweat, fluids drying on her legs. Yet he
thought of her as sexy. She found that she did not understand the scene
they had just witnessed, but she wasn't scared of it anymore.

"Thank you, master, for letting me watch Gwen," she said.

"Well, of course, pet. I'm not into the corporal side myself, but Gwen
puts on a good show."

He decided they should leave at that point. Rhianna was surprised to
see it was past 1am. Anderson had collected her dress and led her by
the leash out the door. She wondered why he had even bothered to get
her a dress, for how little she had worn it. Just before they left, he
pulled off her nipple clamps and tossed them on a table by the door.
The pain/pleasure that rushed to her breasts caused her knees to
weaken. He held her up for a minute, until she recovered.

"I'm sorry, master, I, I just had another orgasm, and I didn't ask
permission first." Rhianna looked at him with a slightly pained
expression. She truly felt bad about it.

"It's okay, pet. I won't punish you," he told her, adding, "this time."
Rhianna didn't know how to feel. It was too easy to get into this role,
she thought. She wondered what he might do to punish her.

During the limo ride home, they cuddled and kissed, but didn't go
beyond that. Anderson let her sit in the seat with him, and Rhianna
felt almost like a girl on a date after the prom. She barely noticed
that she was still naked when they went up in the elevator.

Anderson told her to take a quick shower before bed, as messy as she
was. He released all her cuffs and collar first. When she came out, he
was already in bed and asleep, holding onto her collar. I guess he was
going to tie me back up, but fell asleep first. She gently pried her
collar from his fingers and shifted him in an attempt to make him more
comfortable. He did not wake up or even rouse much.

Rhianna was deathly tired herself, but she realized that this might be
an opportunity to look around some more. Unsure what to do with the
collar, she fastened around her neck, then went off into the living
room to search some more.

She immediately noticed the folder that had been left out, so she
flipped through it. It contained invoices, shipping documents,
receipts, bill of sales, a good trail of what Anderson had been up to
for the past 6 months or so, as well as the next months activities. She
noticed art had come from Europe, Africa and even one shipment from
Mexico coming in the next day. No, make that today, she thought, it's
after midnight. Hell, it's after 2, I'm going to be dead tomorrow. The
words on the papers were getting blurry, Rhianna knew that she needed
to get some sleep, she could barely keep her eyes open.

Back in the bedroom, Anderson was snoring. She looked at her cuffs
lying on the floor and decided he would probably have put them on her
if he'd stayed awake. She picked them up and buckled them on. It almost
felt normal, she'd spent most of the past week in bondage. She looked
around but couldn't find any chains to link them together, so she just
lay down and fell promptly to sleep.

***

She woke up just after 9am. To her surprise, Anderson was still asleep.
She took care of her bathroom needs, then decided to make breakfast
before waking him up. Before she started, she found a hobble chain for
her feet, and a longer one for her hands and attached them. Hopefully,
it would please Anderson, but she wasn't sure what he might think. He
might be mad that she'd done it herself. Nothing to do but see when he
woke up.

She was almost done cooking breakfast when he came in the room, wearing
a robe loosely tied. He came and stood near the dining table, slightly
confused about what was going on. Rhianna decided she should go kneel
before him, so that's what she did.

"Good morning, sir, breakfast is almost done."

Anderson yawned. He looked down at her quizzically. "I didn't do that,
did I?" he asked about her bonds.

"No, sir. I put the cuffs on last night, the chains this morning. I
hope you don't mind, sir, I thought it would be what you would want."

"I suppose. I would have if I'd been awake, I guess. Next time, ask,
okay? If I don't give you explicit instructions, ask. It was okay, even
the right thing to do, except for the not asking. All right?"

Rhianna nodded, slightly confused. "Yes sir, sorry sir."

"Come here," he told her, bidding her to stand up. He wrapped his arms
around her and kissed her deeply for several minutes, taking her breath
away. Then he slapped her butt. "Get me some coffee, pet."

Rhianna had cheered up. "Yes sir!" she said, smiling.

He fed her off of his plate while she knelt beside him. She didn't have
to beg this time, he would give her a bite after taking a few himself.
After she cleaned the dishes off, they went back into the bedroom.

"Lie on the bed, on your stomach," he told her, undoing her hobble
chains. He attached her cuffs to the corners of the bed with some rope,
leaving her spread eagle. Then he put a blindfold on her. "I'm going to
take a shower, I'll be right back."

Rhianna tested her bonds. They weren't too tight, she had some room to
maneuver, but she wasn't going anywhere soon.

Anderson's shower was short. Rhianna could hear him approach, she
figured he was still naked. He ran his slightly damp hand over her
back, buttocks and legs. Rhianna shuddered in delight at his touch. He
stopped for a minute, and when he came back his fingers were at her
anus. She felt him spread cool lubricant over her back orifice, then
gently push a finger in. She'd not had anything enter her there before
this assignment, not even on Atamo's boat, and she found that it felt
okay. She wanted him to touch her vagina and clitoris as well, but he
left them alone.

He kneaded her ass cheeks with one hand, and continued slowly pushing
his finger into her anus. Infrequently, he would trail a finger over
her labia, but he was concentrating on her rear. Rhianna found herself
giving into the feelings, enjoying his touch. She assumed he was going
to put another butt plug in like the night before and then screw her
silly, and she frankly couldn't wait. A bizarre thought hit her just
then and she tried not to laugh about it. She wondered if they would
allow her conjugal visits at whatever jail he was in.

Anderson stopped his ministrations long enough to climb up on the bed
between her legs. He laid down on her and she could feel his hard penis
on her back. "No sounds, pet, I want you to be as quiet as you can," he
whispered in her ear. "No coming until I give you permission.
Understand?" Rhianna nodded. Anderson knelt back up, and did something,
but Rhianna couldn't quite tell what he was doing. Then he laid back
down, trailing his penis down the crack of her ass. Rhianna was eagerly
waiting for him to drive it into her vagina, which was now very wet.

He stopped at her asshole, and slightly pushed. Oh god, Rhianna
thought, he's going to fuck my ass. She panicked a little. Anderson
whispered calming words into her ear. "It's okay, pet, just relax.
That's it, it's all right." Rhianna calmed down some hearing his voice.
"I'm going to take it nice and slow, pet." The head of his penis slide
past her sphincter. It felt bigger than any of the plugs he had used.
She tried to relax.

Anderson continued to push into her. Rhianna didn't know what to think.
It felt full/stretched/odd/good. He picked up his pace a little, and
was now actually fucking her. She wanted to - she wasn't sure. Part of
her want it to stop, part wanted more. He reached under her and lightly
rubbed her clitoris. Rhianna almost lost it then. She was surprised at
how easily he could bring her almost to orgasm. Her mind was quickly
drifting away. She wanted to beg him, but whether it was to stop or go
faster, she didn't know. She couldn't do anything about it anyway. She
was under his control.

"Fuck me, please" she mouthed.

"Shhh, pet," Anderson said, stoking her hair with his free hand. He
kept the pace slow, not letting her get all the way to her orgasm. She
was tight, and he wanted to control himself as well. Soon though, he
was approaching his own orgasm. "All right, pet, come, now," he
whispered.

Rhianna found she couldn't stop herself if she had wanted to. The
orgasm exploded within her, and it seemed all of her muscles were
clenching and releasing. She could feel his penis spasm inside her,
could feel the warm fluid jet into her. She groaned out loud then,
through clenched teeth.

Anderson lay still on her, letting himself go flaccid inside of her.
They both lay there for many minutes, listening to the other breathe.

"Did you like that, pet?"

Rhianna nodded. "Yes sir," she said. She had thought it would hurt
more, but he had been so gentle with her. It wasn't like anything she'd
felt before. She felt she'd prefer straight intercourse, but that
hadn't been bad. She couldn't see him, but somehow knew he was smiling.
He got up off of her and left her there for a few minutes.

She reflected on all the odd things she'd had to try during this
assignment. She couldn't say that she'd disliked any of them.

***

Rhianna felt very well fucked. Matthew had come back and this time used
her vagina, screwing her a long, long time. He had only let her have
two more orgasms, but they had been spectacular. It had been a lot of
work holding back until given permission, but it added to the feelings
as well. She was now standing in the living, a short hobble causing her
to take mincing steps. Her hands were attached together at the wrists,
and a short chain hooked to her collar kept them up, almost like she
was trying to modestly cover her breasts. Clamps pinched her nipples,
tight enough to keep from falling off. On her head were straps of a
harness holding a ring gag in her mouth.

"I need to set some stuff up for a delivery tonight. I should only be
gone an hour and a half, two tops. I think the bathroom needs
cleaning," he said with a smile.

Rhianna nodded, and immediately regretted it. One final addition to her
"outfit" had been a thin chain running down from the back of the straps
on her head, between her legs and labia and up to the chain between her
nipple clamps. If she moved her head too much in any direction but
back, it tugged on her nipples. She wondered how she was going to bend
enough to clean anything. Anderson came up and kissed her cheek, then
pulled something out of his pocket.

"In case you miss me," he told her. It was a short penis shaped gag
that fit in the ring holding her mouth open. He pushed it in, silencing
her. He left her standing alone in the apartment.

End Chapter 9

Copyright (c) 1999 David Wright





To Catch a Smuggler
By BlueWords

Chapter 10

Rhianna started to get things she'd need to clean the bathroom, but
stopped when she realized that she still needed to figure out when the
bomb was arriving. She shook her head. Her whole assignment, and she'd
almost forgotten, simply because Matthew had told her to clean the
bathroom.

She went back to the desk and to the folder. It was slow work, flipping
through the pages with her hands tied up, trying not to tug on her
breasts too much. She finally got a good idea about the way Anderson
did business. Most of his artwork came from either Europe or Africa,
and most of it was delivered via air freight. The more she looked
through the folder, the more she became convinced that the shipment
tonight was the only odd one, and the only one that fit in the time
frame Vessor had given her.

It was arriving from Mexico by boat. There were no dollar amounts on
the invoice, and it wasn't cross referenced to any other paperwork.
Just a single shipment schedule, and incomplete at that. Supposedly,
there were 4 crates, and three contained some kind of Inca artifacts.
The people responsible for the delivery weren't listed, and the party
that would receive the shipment was down only as "A.B." The next
closest shipment was more than a week away.

Rhianna decided that this was it, and she needed to call her contact.
She picked up a pen and tapped it on the desk. It'll have to do, I
can't make any sounds with this gag. With difficulty, she got the phone
off the cradle and punched in the number.

"Joe's Pizza," a voice said on the other end.

Rhianna began tapping out her message in Morse code, leaning over the
desk. After she finished, she heard the voice on the phone repeat the
message back to her. "Shipment tonight at 8pm." It went on, indicating
that is was by boat, and what type of packages to look for, finally
confirming that she didn't have a precise location, and this was her
best guess. She tapped out "affirmative". The voice asked her if she
needed assistance. Rhianna paused. She needed to continue on being
under cover, staying put until the bomb was found. She tapped out
"negative". The voice repeated her initial message once more. Rhianna
confirmed again, and then, having nothing else to report, she hung up.


"Yes sir, we've just got word from her." Wilson was on the phone with
Vessor. "She's apparently okay, and she's come up with information
indicating that the shipment is tonight." Wilson relayed the time and
method.

"Well, that certainly fits in with everything else we know, and now we
have a better idea of the time as well. Get the team ready to go. We'll
have to make sure we can follow Anderson, so bug all his vehicles if
they aren't already. Make sure the bugs can hide from a spy-store
scanner."

"Yes sir. I'll get the HAZMAT team prepared as well"

"Make sure they can stay out of sight until they are needed." Vessor
hung up. It was all coming together, just as planned.


Rhianna had barely even begun to clean the bathroom when Anderson
returned. It had taken her longer than she thought to examine the
folder and call in. He looked at her down on her knees and chuckled.
Her nipples were swollen, and her labia puffed and red from the chain
rubbing it. Even though she'd only been working for perhaps ten
minutes, Rhianna was sweating from the exertion of having to be careful
not to move too quickly. She'd nearly given herself an orgasm.

"That's enough for now, pet. Get up and come here." He watched her as
she struggled to her feet. She followed him into the living room, where
he sat down on the couch. He pointed to the floor in front of him, and
she tried her best to give him an exasperated look as she knelt down.
Anderson removed the penis gag from her mouth. Then he unzipped his
pants and pulled them down some, his hard penis springing into view.

Rhianna sighed and scooted closer so she could take him in her mouth.
Anderson didn't help at all, and the bobbing of her head that she
needed to do to suck him off cause the chain to tug at her breasts and
rub over her clitoris. "As soon as I come," he said, slightly
breathlessly, "you may come as well." He leaned back and closed his
eyes, letting her do all the work.

Rhianna felt him start to tense, which was good, as she was about to
have her own orgasm whether she wanted it or not. He came in her mouth,
and she sucked it all down, then she moaned around his penis as her own
orgasm struck. Anderson grabbed her head and pumped into her mouth,
shooting yet more cum down her throat. Rhianna swallowed it all, her
mouth running on automatic while she came. When he couldn't stand her
mouth and tongue on his sensitive penis any more, Anderson pushed her
off.

Rhianna sat between his legs and watched him as his breathing slowed
back down. He had his eyes closed and was leaning back against the
couch. She thought he was very handsome, watching his face as he
rested. She wondered if he might lay her down and fuck her now. He'd
proven he could usually get it up again quickly. Strangely enough, she
found herself hoping he would do just that.

Instead, he got up and zipped his pants back up. "Make us some lunch,
pet," he told her as he went off to the bedroom.


Rhianna was disappointed, but she tried not to show it. She had to play
slave, and slave's didn't get to choose what they wanted. That really
sucks, she thought. Fucking men. The unintended puns caused her to
laugh, at least as much as she could gagged as she was.

"Someday, you are going to have to tell me what's so funny. You're
always laughing," he said from across the room, standing at his desk.
He glanced down at the folder then up at her. Then he took it and put
it in the drawer. Rhianna saw him lock the drawer. If he noticed or
cared that the folder had been looked through, he didn't say anything.
He walked to the kitchen. "Now, what's so funny?"

"I ah oh uh ooh," she said. I want to fuck you, although she knew he
wouldn't be able to tell what she'd said.

"Oh, is that so?" He loosened the straps and removed her gag, and the
chain hooked to her nipple clamps. She worked her jaw a bit to loosen
it up. "Now what did you say?"

"Lunch is almost ready, sir," she lied.

"Okay, let's eat in the bedroom, on the table by the window."
Mercifully, he unhooked her hands from her collar, which let her carry
things much easier. She brought the tray of food into the bedroom and
set it down on the table. Anderson had opened the curtains, and the
window looked out on a spectacular view of the city. She knelt beside
him as he ate, and he would absentmindedly feed her a bite every once
in a while. His mind seemed pre-occupied with something. The shipment
tonight? They ate in silence, just enjoying the view.

Finally, Anderson broke the silence. "What would you like to do, pet?
What's something you'd want to do, right now?" It was an odd question,
and Rhianna was taken aback momentarily.

"I'd like to, I," she began. "I'll do whatever you want me to, sir."
The slave answer.

"I must be an odd master, pet. I want you to be subservient to me, to
do as I ask without hesitation, but I also want you to have a mind of
your own. And I know you do. You try hard, very hard to be the good
little slave, and you are succeeding marvelously. But I know you have a
good mind in there," he said, tapping her head, "and I want to know
what it's thinking. You're a sub, we've established that already. I
want to get to know you, pet."

Rhianna looked at him with no real emotion on her face. "I, I'd like
you to make love to me, sir," she said.

"I told you, I -" he started. Rhianna interrupted.

"Sir, you misunderstand. I mean, really make love, without the chains,
without rope, on the bed, like normal. Just once, sir."

Anderson stared at her for a few seconds. He brushed a stray hair out
of her face, and nodded. Briefly, he wondered if he was going too fast
with her. She wasn't quite like any other slave he'd had. Sylvia had
been right, there was something peculiar about Rhianna. He found that
he liked that peculiarity.

"Something else I wanted to ask you, pet. Would you mind if I got a
ring put in one of your labia? Simple silver, with one inlaid diamond.
It would have my name engraved on the inside."

"Would, would it hurt, sir?" she asked, slightly panicked at the
thought, missing the overtones of his question.

"No, no, pet, not at all. Of course, you have to let it heal for a
while, and it's similar to getting your ear pierced, only in a more -
interesting place. You'd need to clean it with antiseptic, and take
care of it until it healed. Not much pain involved at all."

"I, I am yours, sir. If you wanted it done, of course I would do it. I,
I guess I wouldn't mind, if given the choice." Rhianna wondered what
the 'right' answer was. She didn't think she want such a ring. But a
sub might.

Anderson nodded again and looked out the window. Then he stood and
asked her to stand. He undid her wrist cuffs, then removed her ankle
cuffs. "Hold on, and don't come," he said, releasing her nipples from
the clamps, one at a time. As blood rushed back into her nipples,
Rhianna had to hold onto him for support. Finally, he removed her
collar, took her hand and led her to the bed.


They had made love for hours. Rhianna had never had such an energetic
lover. He took his time, and kissed and massaged just about every part
of her body. They were both sweaty, and there were many stains on the
sheets. When they finally tired, they simply laid in each others arms.
Rhianna had her head on his chest listening to his heartbeat.

"It's just as well that you were free this afternoon, pet. I'm going to
have to go out this evening, and I was going to leave you in some tight
bondage."

"Leave me, Sir? Can't I come with you? You can still tie me up."
Rhianna wasn't thrilled about being left in bondage, and she wanted to
be there when the arrests were made.

"No!" he said, more emphatically than he'd intended. Then, calmer, "Uh,
I don't think so, pet. It's kind of important, tonight, and I don't
want you in the way."

"Please, sir. Other than the party, I don't get to get out much. You
could leave me in the car. In the trunk, if you wanted." She had to
convince him and wasn't sure how.

Anderson looked torn. Rhianna could tell he didn't want her along, but
not because she'd be in the way. Finally, he gave in. "Well, I guess I
could leave you in the office, you wouldn't get into too much trouble
there."

Rhianna sat up and smiled. "Thank you, sir, thank you." She straddled
his hips and fondled his penis, feeling it harden again. "I'm ever so
grateful, sir," she said, sliding down his legs and taking him in her
mouth.

"God, you're insatiable," he said, as her mouth began to have the
desired affect.


Vessor picked up the phone, knowing it was Wilson calling. "Everything
is in place, sir. The HAZMAT* team will be able to get in there in less
than a minute after the bust goes down. Our team knows to handle this
carefully, and we've got some of the non-lethal containments ready to
use to try and reduce casualties and the risk of breaking anything.
There will also be snipers ready, if necessary."

"Very good. Good luck to your team, agent Wilson." Vessor hung up. He
was nervous about tonight's action. It seemed like things were going
well, but he knew the first casualty of a battle was your battle plan.
If things went as planned, then it would be a major coup for him, and
everything he'd been working for would fall into place. If something
went wrong, worst case was he could conceivably end up in jail.

"Well, I just have to hope nothing goes wrong," he said out loud to
himself.


Rhianna was not currently very happy, or very comfortable. Luckily, the
vibrators in her ass and vagina had stopped buzzing a while ago, the
batteries having run down. She had a belt around her waist, and another
between her legs, locking the vibrators in. Straps went around her
thighs, calves and ankles, binding her legs together. Her knees were
bent and her feet tied to the belt at her waste. She had more straps
around her chest, above and below her breasts, and a thick collar
around her neck. Her arms were drawn up tightly behind her back. She
was blindfolded, and a gag that inflated filled her mouth. Ropes around
her arms were tied off somewhere and kept her from moving or rolling
over. The final insult had been some kind of nipple clamps that he had
applied and then made her lay on.

She had lost track of how many orgasms she'd had. When her mind came
back down, she wanted to be mad at him, but found that she wasn't. She
was tired and sore, and wanted nothing more than to stretch a little
bit. She had to remember to thank him for the bondage when he let her
go, he had told her to do so. She had to pay for being allowed to go
with him that night, as well as her freedom earlier, and he said the
best way to do that was tight bondage, something he hadn't really done
to her yet.

Rhianna felt a slap on her butt. She couldn't respond, tied up as she
was. He slowly let her loose. He left he gag in until last.

"Thank you, sir, for the bondage," she squeaked out, barely able to
form words. He had a glass of water handy and gave her a drink. "Thank
you," she said again, clearer this time.

"We need to leave soon, but I think you should show me just how
grateful you are, before we go." He opened his robe, so Rhianna knelt
up in front of him and took his hardening penis in her mouth.

End Chapter 10

*HAZMAT - HAZardous MATerials


Copyright (c) 1999 David Wright





To Catch a Smuggler
By BlueWords and Leviticus

Chapter 11

She was almost naked, but otherwise unencumbered. She sat next to
Anderson in the car he was driving. No Limo today, she supposed.
Anderson had done some surprising driving, and Rhianna thought that they
would have lost anyone following them by now. He'd even checked the car
for bugs first and it had come up clean. Rhianna knew there were
tracking devices that only sent intermittent signals and were unlikely
to be picked up by any detector Anderson might have. She hoped that her
fellow agents had managed to get one of them in the car, since she
hadn't been able to tell them the exact location of the shipment.

Rhianna wondered what made Anderson so paranoid. Yet, he didn't suspect
her.

She had a long T-shirt on, but nothing else. That was so they wouldn't
get pulled over in case the police saw them, he told her. She didn't
know where they were going.

Eventually they left the city and began driving down the coast. The
drive was pleasant, the weather warm even with the sun low in the sky,
and Rhianna became increasingly concerned about the opening countryside.
The less there was around them, the less there was to hide her backup.
Despite the relaxed surroundings, Rhianna became increasingly nervous.

Finally they pulled off the highway and headed toward the Atlantic
shoreline. They drove until they came upon a group of buildings right
next to the water.  Rhianna recognized them as boat houses, all in
disrepair. She wondered how, with the price of real estate here, these
buildings had been left to rot.  She didn't know that Matthew Anderson
owned this stretch of shoreline and the buildings on it. The neglected
look was a necessary disguise for his business.

They pulled up to one of the largest and most solid looking buildings,
and Anderson stopped the car.

"We're here," he said unnecessarily and got out. He opened her door and
she stepped out gingerly with her bare feet. Matthew smiled at her. "You
can give me the shirt now."

Rhianna looked around, unwilling to go naked in such an open space.
"It's alright, Pet. There's no one to see. This is part of the price you
pay for wanting to come with me," Matthew said, holding out his hand.

"Yes, Sir," said Rhianna, and she peeled off her only clothing and stood
naked in the gathering dusk.

He took the shirt, and pulled a set of hand cuffs out of his pocket.
"Turn," he ordered. Rhianna did as she was told, and in moments her
hands were cuffed behind her.

Without a word he walked toward the door, and Rhianna followed. She
quickly forgot her nudity as she became anxious about what was inside
the building. She took another look around the deserted shoreline.
Matthew noticed her scan, and thought she was just being nervous about
her nudity. He was unaware that Rhianna was actually wondering where her
fellow FBI agents were.

Matthew unlocked the door and they walked inside.  The interior of the
boat house was in darkness until Matthew hit a switch on the wall.  The
far end began opening up like a big garage door, revealing the ocean
beyond it. Being Ex-Coast Guard, Rhianna was pretty familiar with boat
houses, and she was surprised to see that despite it's shabby exterior,
the inside of this one was fairly well kept up. The concrete, horseshoe
shaped dock was clean and in good repair, and Rhianna could see that a
hoist on rails was installed in the ceiling for hauling heavy loads out
of boats.

"May I speak Sir?"  Rhianna asked as they made their way toward what
looked like to be a glass enclosed office area.

"Sure, what is it?"

"This place seems kind of unusual to do business in."

Matthew turned to look at her.  "The client I'm seeing is somewhat
eccentric," he said after a moment. He stared at her for a minute,
making her feel rather uncomfortable with her arms trapped behind her,
then he turned and unlocked the office door and led her in.

"You're going to have to stay in here for a little while," he said,
rummaging through the draws of the desk in the center of the room. "I
don't want anyone to see you or know you are here." He looked up, and
Rhianna saw he had found a ball gag.  "You wouldn't want them to find
you like this anyway, would you?"

"No, Sir."

"No Sir is right!" he said smiling. Matthew came over and took Rhianna
in is arms. He gave her one of his body-melting kisses, before popping
the gag into her mouth and locking the strap with a small lock. "Don't
worry. You'll be fine. Just stay quiet, and we'll be heading back home
soon. Tomorrow we can see about getting you pierced, okay?"

Rhianna nodded, wondering if she should have consented to getting
pierced, wondering what it was like. Then she remembered that if things
went to plan, there wouldn't be a tomorrow with him.

"Good girl."  Matthew kissed her on the forehead, and left her alone,
locking the door behind him.

Rhianna looked around her prison. There was not much to see. A desk, but
no chair, a couple of filing cabinets, and another door that Rhianna
assumed led to the outside.  There was also a wrought iron circular
staircase that spiraled up to what could be another office.

Rhianna decided to look around down where she was first.  She wondered
what Matthew was up too, but since all the windows had been painted
over, she couldn't see him.  Well, that meant he couldn't see her
either. She sat on the desk and managed to wriggle her cuffed hands
under her butt and past her feet so that they were now in front of her.
She then began a search of the office.

The desk was practically empty except for some blank notebooks and a few
more bondage toys.  Rhianna felt she wasn't the first of his women to
have been brought here.

She examined the file cabinets and found them locked. Rocking one with
her shoulder, she discovered it to be quite heavy. Perhaps this was
where he kept the records of his criminal activities.

On top of one of the cabinets, pushed toward the back, was a plastic
bag. Curious, Rhianna managed to reach it and she opened it to take a
look inside. She paled at its contents.

Inside was a bullwhip. Just looking at it made the scars on her body
begin to itch. With her hands cuffed she managed to pull the whip out of
the bag and examine it.  Despite all her contact with bullwhips in the
past, this was the first time she had actually held one.  It was heavier
than she had thought it would be, the handle smooth to the touch with
two initials carved into it, "I.J.". The smell of the leather brought
conflicting memories to the surface.

The feel of bare metal on her back, her arms held clear as oriental
faces barked at her. The soft touch of Matthew fingers tracing a line
from nipple to nipple. The pain of her own body weight pulling her arms
out of their sockets as the lash fell. Rhianna swallowed and forced
herself to remember these things, the good and the bad.

As she held the whip she wondered what Matthew was doing with it.  She
had been told that he was not into this side of BDSM, yet here it was.
She wondered why she had ever trusted him at all!

Rhianna began to hear a low rumbling from outside the door, and she
realized that a boat was coming into the dock. Looking around, she
wished she could see what was happening, but the windows were well
covered. However, there was the staircase.  Maybe upstairs there was a
way to look out.

Whip in hand, she climbed the dusty staircase to the second floor,
another office with only a rotting desk in it. Unlike the floor below,
nothing had been touched in here in years. Rhianna treaded carefully
through the dirt towards the windows. She was in luck. The windows had
been painted over or boarded up, but one of them was broken and had a
corner missing. She could see out into the boat house. She was just in
time too, the engine of the cabin cruiser that had pulled in had just
shut off.  She saw Matthew tying off the stern line to a cleat set in
the concrete.

"Matthew! My man!" said the boat's pilot.

"Rico," acknowledged Anderson.

"Everything went off great!  Mario decoyed the Coast Guard with a phony
S.O.S. and we were able to get the pallet off the ship without anyone
seeing us.  Wouldn't want this stuff going through customs would we!"
Rico began to laugh until Matthew quieted him down. Matthew kept looking
over his shoulder at the office he had locked Rhianna in.

"Keep it quiet, man."  Anderson said softly, so softly Rhianna could
barely hear him.

"Uh... you got a babe in there again?" she heard Rico whisper
dramatically. So much for no one knowing she was there, Rhianna thought.

The two men kept their voices low as they worked on the boat.  A canvas
cover was pulled back off the deck to reveal a pallet with four large
crates attached to it.

Anderson jumped back onto the dock and worked the controls of the crane.
They had just finished lifting the pallet out of the boat when Rhianna
heard a couple of vehicles outside.

Thinking it might be her team making the bust, Rhianna went over to one
of the outside windows and managed to peak through one that was
partially open. What she saw was not her salvation, but a sedan followed
by a van.  The two vehicles stopped almost out of sight and Rhianna had
to strain to see who got out.  Several men in casual clothes, and one
dressed a little more expensively.

These, Rhianna assumed, were the terrorists. The group Matthew Anderson
was smuggling for. Remembering the pictures Vessor had shown her so long
ago, Rhianna wished she had a gun.

She took another look around, wondering where the hell her teammates
were, and then tip toed back to the broken window. Rhianna was feeling
the strain of the gag now, and was having to consciously swallow her
drool. She wished Matthew hadn't gagged her with such a large ball gag.
Then she hit herself thinking that ANY gag was bad in case she had to
identify herself to any cops that stormed the building. At least they
would be unlikely to shoot a naked woman in handcuffs.

You're getting to used to this, she thought to herself, too comfortable.
She saw Matthew standing on the dock, talking with the well dressed man.
As much as she could tell, Matthew seemed both annoyed and relieved that
the man was there. Most of the other men were also dockside, snapping
the bindings that held the crates to the pallet.

Rhianna was beginning to think that if nothing happened real soon, than
she might be forced to do something. But what could she do, naked,
cuffed and gagged.  She couldn't even yell "Stop, FBI!"

That's when she heard the rumble of engines from above as a large
helicopter passed over the building. Startled, the men on the dock
dropped what they were doing and pulled handguns from their shirts and
pants.

Rhianna ran to the outside window to see two Coast Guard Dauphin
choppers hovering over the parking lot. A third helicopter, larger, with
FBI printed on the side touched down and several men in riot gear jumped
out, weapons ready. A fourth helicopter swooped in and released more men
in suits and regular FBI jackets.

Immediately she heard gunfire from one side of the building where she
couldn't see. The men outside returned fire and began running in that
direction.

Frustrated, Rhianna ran back to see what was going on inside the
boathouse. Rico was at the wheel, and the big diesel engines of his boat
roared to life.  He was getting out the way he had come.  The other men
were all at the door on the far side, or working on the pallet. Rhianna
strained to see Matthew, but couldn't find him.

"Rhianna?" she heard from below her. He was in the office. Rhianna
reluctantly tore herself away from the window and moved to the stairs.
She met Matthew coming up.

"Come on! We have to go!" he ordered loudly, not giving her a second
glance.

She followed him down silently and as he began to unlock the office's
outside door she made a decision that she had been putting off for a
while now.

With his back to her he didn't see her coming as she used the only
weapon she had on him, her own body.

She ran full tilt into him, crushing him against the door, which burst
open with the impact. The two of them fell to the ground, but Rhianna
recovered first. She leapt on top of Anderson who was momentarily
stunned and rolled him onto his back.

"Rhianna?"  Matthew choked out as he struggled to free himself.

Rhianna Summer knew she had to act quickly, with her hands cuffed she
was at a great disadvantage.  She uncoiled the whip she had been
carrying all this time and caught one of his wrists with it.  Using all
her strength she bent his arm way up behind him, making him yell.

Anderson began struggling wildly, but Rhianna used her weight to keep
him on his stomach. She did not dare release the pressure on his arm,
for who knew what he would do to her relatively helpless body if he got
free.

"What the hell do you think you're doing?"  Anderson kept yelling at
her. She wished she could reply, but it was his fault she couldn't.  As
the struggling went on she was beginning to feel another affect of
wearing such a large ball gag. Breathing only through her nose she was
quickly running out of oxygen. She couldn't draw enough air to cover the
energy she was expanding.

"Agent Summer!" she heard someone yell behind her. Rhianna couldn't
spare the energy to turn around.

"Agent Summer?" asked the voice, closer and beside her. Rhianna glanced
over to see an agent in a company jacket standing with his weapon
pointed at the ground. He was evidently shocked to see a nude, cuffed
and gagged woman manhandling another man.

Rhianna gestured with her head toward Matthew, and, the spell now
broken, the agent moved where Anderson could see him. Knowing he was
caught, Anderson stopped struggling.

"Agent Summer!" said another voice, this one familiar. Tired and sore,
Rhianna let go of Matthew and rolled off his body. The agent took over,
a set of handcuffs in his hand.

Rhianna rolled on her back to see Agent Wilson looking down at her, also
with weapon in hand.

"Rhianna?"  he asked.

Suddenly very conscious of her nudity, Rhianna got up and tried to cover
herself. With her hands cuffed she could only manage to cover her groin,
which left her topless and very embarrassed.

Wilson was also embarrassed and in no time at all he had his FBI
windbreaker off. He draped it over Rhianna's shoulders, but she would
not really be able to put it on until she got her cuffs off. Wilson dug
for his key. Rhianna looked over to where Anderson was being cuffed, at
the same time hers were being removed. Another agent had joined them and
the two agents tried not to look at her as they helped Anderson to his
feet.

Rhianna was very aware that the jacket she wore only just covered her
groin and buttocks.

Anderson himself just stared at her, a look of total disbelief on his
face. "AGENT Summer?" he asked her.

Rhianna dropped her eyes, and spotted the bullwhip lying in the dirt.
She kicked it as Wilson finished undoing her cuffs. Matthew understood,
even though no one around them did.

"Ah, it wasn't - I wasn't going to use it," he said, "its, its just
something I picked up at an auction.  It's movie memorabilia, one of the
whips used in the 'Indiana Jones' movies." Rhianna was still suspicious
but it explained the initials on the whip.

The agents finished patting Anderson down and tossed Wilson the only
thing he carried, a set of keys.  Wilson was happy, because Rhianna's
gag had a lock on it.

"That's it, Sir," said the agent, not looking at Rhianna.

Rhianna wished Wilson would hurry up, she wanted to pull the jacket on
properly, but couldn't with him fiddling with her gag.  She didn't want
to think about Matthew right now, she avoided his eyes.

"I never would have taken you for a cop, Rhianna," Matthew said to her.
"You did all this for a drug bust?"

"We're booking you for terrorism, Mr. Anderson."  Wilson replied, not
finding the key he was looking for on the ring he had been given.
"International terrorism, as well as smuggling a weapon of mass
destruction into the country."

"Weapon of what?  You mean like a bomb? There's no bomb. It's just
cocaine! Shit, I mean, they, they told me it was cocaine! Rhianna, you
believe me don't you?"

Rhianna had turned away, unwilling, unable to face him.

She had tears in her eyes as she shrugged her jacket on, clutching it
tightly to herself as she tried to get her dignity back. She felt sick
at what she had done, how she had felt toward this man who dealt with
death so casually, and now lied about it. She tried to stop crying as
she looked out to sea where a Coast Guard cutter had intercepted Rico in
his boat.

"Where is the key to her gag, Anderson?" she heard Wilson ask, upset.

"I, oh shit, it's at home, I didn't bring those keys with me."

"Dammit.  Take this asshole away!"  Wilson ordered.  "And someone bring
Agent Summer here something better to wear!"

A large panel truck pulled into the parking lot with a lot of other
vehicles, and men in silver contamination suits piled out and headed
toward the building.

The shoot out had evidently ended with the bad guys loosing as usual.
"Let's get clear of the building." Wilson said to Rhianna, and he guided
her away to one of the cars.

She sat quietly in the vehicle until someone came up with a set of
coveralls, which she gratefully pulled on. Then someone appeared with a
bolt cutter and in seconds the gag was out of her mouth.

As she worked the stiffness out of her jaw, she couldn't help noticing
the looks the other agents gave her. Word of her condition had spread.
No doubt it would be all over the office by the time they got back.

Well screw them, she thought.

She waited, as did the rest of them, for the HAZMAT team to do their
thing. Sooner than they thought it would be, a silver suited figure came
out of the building and took his helmet off.

He came over to Wilson, who was standing close by where Rhianna sat.

"It's okay, there's no bomb. But there's enough material there to make
several. It looks like they were more concerned about shipping it is
safely, for it's very well packed. We can move it as is without any
problem."

"Good. Do it." replied Wilson.

The silver man nodded and went back to his job.

As word spread, there was a palpable sigh of relief among all those
present.

"I can give you a ride back to the office."  Wilson said to Rhianna when
they were alone again.

"No, thanks. I think I'd rather drive alone, if I could. Is there a car
I can use?" she asked.

"Sure, take mine, I'll ride back with the others. But be careful."

"I will. Thanks."

Rhianna drove off, leaving the bustle of activity behind her. She tried
to sort out her feelings about Matthew and everything that had happened,
but had a hard time thinking about it all in any reasonable, unemotional
way.

Instead, she just drove.


End Chapter 11
Concluded in Epilog, Chapter 11, Part 2


Copyright (c) 1999 David Wright and Leviticus





To Catch a Smuggler
By BlueWords

Epilog


Rhianna was standing in front of Agent Wilson's desk. "You lied to me!"
she exclaimed.

Wilson was only half surprised, expecting something like this. "Agent
Summer, let me explain, I -"

"Don't mess with me anymore, Agent Wilson. You told me Anderson was a
'well-known' weapons smuggler, when you knew that wasn't true."

"I'm sorry, Rhianna, I truly am. I wanted to tell you from the
beginning, I -" Wilson stopped abruptly. He realized that he'd said too
much, and was likely in trouble now, if Vessor found out.

"You wanted to tell me from the start? Well, why the hell didn't you?"
As soon as she asked the question, she knew the answer. "Vessor?" She
sat down in the chair in front of his desk.

Wilson nodded slightly. "He, he said that you would need motivation for
this. I mean, Anderson is a smuggler, just not of weapons, at least, not
before this."

"I've seen the file. Mostly, he's smuggled art that was 'illegally'
obtained. Hell, in most cases it was for museums here anyway. Hardly the
terrorist you both made him out to be."

"I think you may be understating his crimes a bit, Agent Summer. Sure,
so he wasn't a weapons smuggler before this, that we know, but he did
bring in this weapon, although he claims to have been told it was, what,
drugs? Anyway, the Assistant Director thought that if you thought
Anderson was more, well 'evil', that you would be able to be more
objective in your assignment. He apparently felt Anderson was very
suave, and might be able to influence you somehow, or, hell I don't
know. Get you to fall for him? Vessor was clear that we should vilify
Anderson, he said it would make it easier for you. Apparently the A.D.
knew about Anderson before this case." Wilson didn't add that he thought
maybe Anderson had gotten to Rhianna.

Rhianna was still fuming, but she had calmed down since entering the
room. Wilson was a jerk, but he wasn't the one pulling the strings here.
It seems Vessor was up to something and she wasn't sure what. Did it
involve her, or Anderson, or both, or something else entirely? They'd
wanted to make it harder for her to fall for Anderson? To late for that,
she thought wryly. But was she ignoring Anderson's crimes? She knew he
was hardly a choirboy.

"He said 'They told me it was cocaine.' What had that meant? Wouldn't he
have known?"

"I don't know, Rhianna. He could just be trying to cover up. Or maybe
they kept him in the dark. It is hard to image someone willingly
bringing something like the plague in to the country on purpose. Maybe
he needed money, maybe this was one last big score. I image you'll have
to ask him, although I don't know if I'd trust him."

Rhianna considered what Wilson has said for a minute. Finally, she said,
"Well, speaking of trust, I expect to be told the truth when I am sent
out on assignment, Agent Wilson. I expected to be treated with respect,
and to be trusted to do my job as best I can. I can't do that if
information is withheld from me. You know what happened to me the last
time."

Wilson sighed. He had felt bad during the entire assignment, and there
was nothing he could do to make it up. "Agent Summer. Rhianna, I, I owe
you a big debt here. We breached a lot of protocols on this one, I think
you know. We can't even really file a complete report. I've had to leave
out all the parts about the sex and all, and I need to ask you to do the
same in your report." He looked up at her, a frown on his face. "I
believed the A.D. when he said that this was likely the only way to
collect both the weapon and the terrorists, and it seems to have worked
out that way. We never really cared about Anderson that much, you're
right, he's kind of small potatoes. All I can say is that from now on, I
promise to tell you everything I can about your assignments. I think you
performed admirably here, and given the circumstances, above and beyond
the call of duty." He paused, and Rhianna just sat, listening to him.

"I will definitely recommend you for a commendation for this assignment.
You already have a week off to recover if you need it. If there's
anything else I can do, please, let me know now."

Rhianna shook her head. "I - there's nothing, Agent Wilson." She sighed
as well. "Thank you for your time, sir," she told him resignedly, and
got up to leave.

"Agent Summer, I," he said, pausing. "The story I told everyone was that
somehow, Anderson was tipped off that you were an agent, and tied you up
before the bust went down. I think it had the desired effect, most of
the other agents were impressed that you got away and stopped Anderson
on your own."

Rhianna had wondered why people had been treating her well, instead of
making crude jokes. Well, it was half true, anyway. "Thank you, sir, I
appreciate that."

"Please, Enjoy your time off. Get away for a while if you can."

"I plan on seeing if some friends of mine can put me up for a few days.
They live - in the country."

Wilson smiled and nodded, but Rhianna left without seeing his smile turn
back into a frown.

***

"Send him in," Vessor told the man at the desk as he walked by. He made
his way to a room in the back and went in. Nothing in the room but two
chairs and a table. He had to wait only a minute before an officer
brought Anderson in, hands cuffed behind his back. Vessor smiled at the
irony of that.

"You can remove his cuffs," Vessor told the officer. The man hesitated
for a few seconds before complying, then unlocked the cuffs. Anderson
rubbed his wrists.

"Thanks," he said to Vessor.

Vessor nodded to the officer and the man left, leaving them alone in the
room. They both sat down.

"Christ, Jim, what the hell is going on?"

"So you really didn't know what was in that package?"

"Shit, no! Someone said it was a, a bomb? They were blackmailing me to
get me to bring it in, I had no choice. I still don't know what happened
to Emilio."

"Emilio?"

"Emilio Vercosi. He's a good connection I had in Italy. They kidnapped
him, said they'd kill him unless I got this package in. They never said
it was a bomb, Jim, honest."

Vessor frowned. He'd seen that name recently, and Anderson wasn't going
to like the news. "I'm sorry to report that they did kill him. He was
found murdered just outside of Rome, several days ago. I'm sorry."

Anderson's shoulders fell, and he shook his head. "Bastards! I did
everything they wanted me to. They said he was okay. I, I thought it was
drugs, Jim. A large shipment of some kind of powerful cocaine-like
substance. I was going to turn them in, but with Emilio's life on the
line, I couldn't risk it."

"Why did you pick up a new pet, Matt? Seems like you would have been
preoccupied."

"I was, dammit. I didn't want to, actually. They said, act normal. Take
your slave with you to the party, whatever, don't let on. Then Sharon
leaves me, not a week before. I left a folder out, left Rhianna alone in
the apartment. I wouldn't normally have done that. I'm a little more on
the ball than that, Jim, you know me. I still managed to avoid being
followed. I guess that was you all tailing me those times. I thought it
was my 'clients'." When Vessor said nothing, he continued. "So, she was
one of yours? Kind of a long way to go in the line of duty."

"She's - special," Vessor said carefully. "She knew the risks. The
weapon was serious, Matt. We had to be sure to get it, the terrorists,
everything all at once. I wasn't sure if I could count on you to be
forthcoming, given your past. It was a big, but calculated risk. But,"
Vessor paused, for dramatic affect, "I think I can help you."

Anderson perked up. "How? They are talking about putting me away for a
long time. Jim, I didn't do anything!"

"I believe you, Matt. I've known you a while, and this just didn't sound
like you. You've done questionable things before, but nothing so
dangerous. And if we can corroborate that Emilio Vercosi was kidnapped
before he was murdered, and that he worked for you, I think I can get
you off with just a few months jail time, maybe even probation."

Anderson visibly relaxed a little. He'd known Vessor socially for some
time, and had no reason not to trust him. "I'll do whatever I have to,
Jim. I can give you information on these guys, whatever you need."

"I'll let you know, Matt. I think we have everything we need on them,
but you input would certainly help both of us. You know that two of them
were killed in the shootout. Those remaining were very cooperative. But,
I'll send an agent down to get your statement, in any case. I'll talk to
the judge about your detainment, see if I can't get them to reduce your
bail."

Anderson looked to Vessor like a starving dog looks to the butcher.
"Thanks, Jim. I really appreciate this." Vessor nodded. "Um, can I, I
mean, do you think I can talk to Rhianna? I guess she was just acting,
but, well . . ."

"I'll let her know you inquired about her. I think it might be best if
you waited until after you were out of jail before contacting her."

Anderson nodded rapidly. The past few days had been a whirlwind, and he
still hadn't settled down. Poor Emilio. And Rhianna! He didn't know how
he felt about her, but he thought they should at least talk. He'd grown
to like her in the short time they were together. Like her? Maybe more.
And he was sure she was a sub, whether she knew it or not.

Vessor was standing. Anderson got up to shake his hand. "Thanks for
helping me out, Jim. My lawyer said there wasn't anything he could do,
the charges were too serious."

"I'll be in touch, Matt. Take care." Vessor went to the door and rapped
on it. It opened, letting him out, leaving behind a grateful Anderson.

As Vessor left the building, he smiled to himself. It had been a huge
gamble, but it had paid off. He hadn't been entirely comfortable with
the whole situation. In retrospect, it had been very risky. But well
worth it.

Through his contacts in the CIA, he knew that the terrorist's home base
had been taken out, and their facilities for making biological agents
were destroyed. In fact, they'd put a big dent in the entire terrorist
organization.

And now, he had the operatives he had needed for so long.


End of To Catch a Smuggler

Copyright (c) 1999 David Wright





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  BlueWords


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





