BDSM Library - Jackstraw




Jackstraw
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Ambitious husband Jack takes his young wife for granted with terrifying results.
The attached work of fiction is for adults only.
Reposting permitted only as part of a review or to free-access,
non-commercial archive sights.

Replies and comments to: quantumleap01@hotmail.com




                            Jackstraw

                          by QuantumLeap


The sun warmed her face as she tipped her chin up into the blanket of
summer heat. She had closed her eyes long ago, only after his bronzed
chest and shoulders finally failed to block the blazing disk that
made its way across the sky above them. She stretched luxuriously
under him, her hands and arms exploring the hard contours of muscle
and bone. Then, as if gliding through a warm, shifting sea, she spread
her arms wide, hands plunging into the warm sand just beyond the edges
of the rumpled towel. "Nothing should feel this good," she thought.

The corners of her wide mouth rose slightly. A small space opened 
between her lips. His movements were achingly slow, maddeningly 
precise, wonderfully matched to her own rhythms. He floated and landed,
again and again, filling her with inch after inch of firm, tireless 
flesh. He was a perfect fit.

She squinted up at him, now needing to watch him as they both neared an
effortless climax. His golden face showed the lines and creases of many 
summers spent in the Florida sun. He answered her gaze with smiling 
eyes, assuring her that he shared every detail of her joy.

"Susan...Susan?...Susan!"

She jumped, startled at the intrusion into her daydream. Jack stood 
beside her, waiting impatiently for her attention. Eyeing her 
reflection in the newly cleaned window, she backed away and turned to 
acknowledge him.

"A penny for your thoughts? You were a million miles away!"

Lowering the bucket and washrag to the floor, she walked to him, 
smiling her best smile. Her hands moved smoothly around his waist as 
her mouth begged for a kiss. She had decided against a bra this 
Saturday morning, and had left an extra button undone on the fresh 
cotton blouse.  Susan watched her husband take a long look at her 
breasts and hardening nipples. She giggled as she caught him staring. 

"What's so funny?" he replied, grinning from ear to ear.

"Like what you see?"

"I love what I see, but I wouldn't go shopping like that if I were 
you."

"Who said anything about shopping?" she teased.

Her fingers trailed across his stomach, down to the fly of his freshly 
pressed slacks. She rubbed lightly along the length of the zipper, 
finally finding the soft bulge behind it. It thickened under her hand, 
and she smiled again, warmed by his response.

"Look Hon, I'm playing golf with the boss this morning. I have to
leave now to make it on time. You know how important this promotion is
to our future. How about a raincheck?"

"Aw, c'mon. Wouldn't you rather stay home and play with me?"

"Sure I would, but this is important. Gotta go!"

Pulling away, he hefted the bag of clubs to his shoulder as he turned 
and headed for the door. After two steps, he stopped, returned 
hurriedly to where he had left her standing, and gave her a quick peck 
on the cheek.

"I'll make it up to you, I promise."

She stood silently as she watched him dart through the door. Seconds 
later, she heard the familiar roar of the red Corvette as he pulled 
from the driveway, then the dying growl as it raced away from her.

She returned to the window, again noticing her reflection on the 
sparkling surface.

"Not too bad for twenty-eight years. I'm definitely in better shape 
than any of my friends."

The buttons of the blouse popped open as she pulled at them, finally 
baring her to the waist. She was proud of her breasts. They weren't 
large, but she liked the pert, round shape of them; there was just 
enough to jiggle when she walked. Sometimes she wondered if Jack
wished they were larger, although she was sure he would never tell her.
He hadn't found much time for her lately, and sex had become too 
infrequent as the months passed.

"He's just working too hard," she told herself as she lightly brushed 
the small, hard nipples with both hands.

"He's doing it for us, for our future. I should be happy."

As she resumed her housework, she found her thoughts returning to the 
warm beach, the crashing waves, and the bronzed lover who fit so neatly 
inside her. Had Jack been there, he would have heard her sharp gasps 
and seen her hand at work inside the faded cutoffs, then watched her 
slim body's regular spasms as she cried out softly, "Oh God, oh God,
please fuck me. . .".


                                     - -


Small droplets of sweat fell from Jack's face as he labored at his 
desk. He had remained at work long after the others had returned to 
their wives, husbands and families.

The last rays of the setting sun entered the tall windows behind him, 
bathing the stark walls with a golden glow, painting the office with 
color. The roomful of glass and steel projected a maze of geometric 
shadows onto the far wall. Susan had called the dï¿½cor a cross between 
Captain Kirk and the Marquis de Sade, but Jack was sure her dislike was 
more for the young, quirky, blonde decorator.

Gasping and panting as he worked, he continued to enjoy the gleaming 
landscape of throat, breasts, and belly spread across the glass 
desktop. His hands wandered over the smooth firm curves of her body as 
she smiled up at him. Was it a look of amusement, or satisfaction? He 
could never tell.

Her large breasts bounced sharply with each of his thrusts. Cascades
of raven hair fell over the opposite edge of the desk, shimmering and 
coursing like a dark waterfall.

At just the right moment, she whispered, "Come in me, Jack. Now."

It was all he needed to nudge him over the edge. Losing control as she 
moaned in her own approaching orgasm, he felt the semen surge through 
the length of his penis, then rush into her as their cries rose to fill 
the empty office.

He stood between her legs, recovering, watching her panting body
finish its rhythmic spasms as she whipped her head from side to side.
She finally went limp; her body relaxed, exhaling a final deep sigh.

She opened her eyes slowly, then, after a minute, knew she would have
to be the first to break the silence.

"Ummmm, that was great, Jack. It was just what I needed after a day
like today. Thanks, Boss."

Jack smiled back as he pulled out of her, satisfied with her praise. He
glanced at the clock and winced.

"Shit! It's late! I promised Susan I'd be home on time tonight.
Damn!"

"Jack, you're such a charmer."

"Yeah, right Jacqueline."

She strolled to the middle of the dark office, keeping her back to him 
as she bent to retrieve a dark wisp of fabric from the thick carpet.
She paused, teasing him with a tempting view of her perfect ass. 

"Jesus, she's beautiful!" Jack told himself. His gaze followed the 
long lines of her slender tapering legs from ankles to ass, finally
stopping and at the pouting labia, still moist with his semen. 

Moving her face from behind the silky column of leg against leg, she 
smiled back at him, knowing the effect she had on him.

"Like what you see?"

Her words startled him a little. His conscience rose to remind him
that Susan had used the same words only two days ago to show her need
for him. He was used to managing the guilt that accompanied these
sessions with Jacqueline, but the uncanny coincidence caught him off-
guard.

Jack dressed faster and glanced at the clock again, now realizing it
was very late. Susan would surely be worried or upset by now, and he
would have to fabricate another excuse. Cursing to himself, he allowed
his face to show the uneasiness he felt.

"OK. I recognize that 'Susan will be upset' look all too well. Jack,
you really should decide what you want. Your life would be much less
complicated."

Her unsolicited advice irritated him, but he knew better than to let
the situation escalate. Besides, he had to get home.

Forcing a smile as he adjusted his tie, he answered, "Variety's the
spice of life, Jacqueline!"

"I'm satisfied with our little arrangement, Jack. I just hope you
are."

"Couldn't be happier," he huffed as he patted the sheer black panties,
now stretched over her firm ass. He bolted for the door, then paused
as he looked back at her, taking one last look at the nearly naked,
statuesque beauty.

"Oh, Jacqueline, are the McKenzie files ready for our meeting
tomorrow?"

"Yes, Jack. Don't worry, everything will be fine. Have I ever let you
down?"

He knew she was right. With her combination of brains, beauty, and
cool composure under the worst kind of pressure, he was sure she
wouldn't remain his assistant for long.

Smiling with admiration, he replied, "Well, you certainly haven't this
evening! Bye!"

He closed the door just in time to avoid the black lace bra she fired
at him as he left. Jacqueline stood there, her body bathed in the blue
glow from the city lights, shaking her head slowly and smiling.


                                    - -


Susan squeezed through the door, trying to keep the sudden fall chill
from entering behind her. She was early as usual, eager to spend the
day designing vacations for the clients of the small but innovative
travel agency.

She leafed through the stack of new brochures while waiting for the 
monitor to come to life. A quick study, she learned to use the PC soon 
after taking the job, but still preferred the look and feel of the 
slick, glossy pamphlets. Before long, lush colorful scenes from 
Brazil, Sweden, Costa Rica, France, and Thailand were spread across her 
desk as she imagined Jack and herself sweltering on a Rio beach, or 
exploring a Costa Rican rainforest, surrounded by tropical foliage and 
exotic wildlife. They hadn't been on a vacation since their honeymoon 
five years ago. Now her love of travel and faraway lands was spent 
sending others to places she longed for. "If only Jack could get away,"
she sighed.

"And what did you and loverboy do this weekend?"

Elaine stood behind her, watching her drool over the pictures.

"Oh, Elaine, I didn't know you were in yet."

"Obviously not. Lost in one of your fantasies again?"

Susan blushed as she gathered the pamphlets and returned them to the 
stack. Elaine joined the agency two years before her. She 
had helped show her the ropes, and they quickly became best friends. 
Susan was grateful for someone she could confide in, and was often
surprised at how easily she was able to share her most private thoughts
and feelings. But Elaine was like that. Outspoken and uninhibited,
she possessed a natural talent for eliciting the most candid responses
from those close to her.

"Well, c'mon. Tell me. Did it work? Did he rip your clothes off and
screw you right there in the kitchen?  Tell me!"

"Not quite. He had a tee time with his boss. He's working really hard
to get this promotion. It was just bad timing."

"You're kidding! Oh Susan, I'm sorry. You must be devastated, you
poor thing!"

"Really Elaine, it's no big deal. He'll make it up to me. It's for
our future."

"But what about you? I know how horny you are. It's written all over
you. You can't be satisfied much longer by those fantasy studs of
yours!"

"Shhh! Elaine! Not so loud. We have customers."

They both looked up at once into the amused face of the first customer
of the day. His piercing gray eyes stared back at them, refusing to
show the slightest trace of embarrassment. Elaine smiled and retreated,
but not before giving Susan a wink and a teasing nudge as she left.

"Hi. What can I help you with today?" Susan offered quickly.

"Well, I'd like to plan a vacation, but I'm looking for something a bit
different - something exotic, away from the usual tourist traps."

"That's our specialty! In fact, we've just received these new
brochures -"

With a nervous wave of her hand, she managed to send the stack of
pamphlets flying. In an instant, she was kneeling beside her desk,
reassembling the scattered paper into a random hodgepodge of color.
She could sense him close to her as he knelt to help with the mess.
Looking up from the floor to thank him, she caught him staring, and
tried to look away.

There was something about his face that held her. He wasn't handsome,
but had a look that promised to welcome any response she would make. A
thick, black mustache framed a constant smile that displayed rows of
dazzlingly white teeth behind it. He projected a feeling of
familiarity, and Susan found herself comparing his ability to set her
at ease with Elaine's.

Seconds passed. Or was it minutes? The busy office around them seemed
to stand still. She felt as though she was emptying herself into the
dark wells of his eyes. Flecks of gold floated in the surrounding green
of each iris. The effect was hypnotizing. Now her world existed in the
tumbling patterns that held her motionless, fixed in his gaze. 

The sensation was subtle, but unmistakable in its intent. The smooth
stroke caressed her thigh, finally nesting in the moist folds between
her legs. She allowed the sudden warmth to wash over her. It surrounded
her, dark, calm and soothing, as she surrendered everything that she
was, allowing him to know her completely.

"Do you like this?"

"Yes," she breathed.

"So, when might I be able to go?" he asked. The brilliant green of a
tropical forest now blocked her view of him as he held the pamphlet
up for her approval.

"Oh! Um, well, let me check the, ah, the, the. . ."

"The computer?" he added, smiling, as he lightly tapped the monitor.

Back at her desk, she began the sequence of mouse clicks and field
entries necessary to construct his trip. He would go alone. 

"I just need to escape for a while," he had answered. "Unless you'd
like to join me," he grinned.

"Don't I wish!" she thought to herself, then nervously hit the "Exit"
key by mistake. Apologizing, she started over. He sat back in his
chair, almost amused she thought, and watched her work while the gold
flecks rolled and sparkled in his green eyes.

Soon the arrangements were completed, and he left just as suddenly
as he had arrived. The rest of the morning was a blur - a few more
customers, the usual paperwork, and of course Elaine's relentless
questions and suggestive ribbing.

At 12:01, she plunged into the biting wind again, this time not seeming
to mind the sting on her cheeks, and wondered how she could have
accepted Winston Dunne's not-so-innocent invitation to join him for
lunch.


                                     - -


He didn't mind at all when she sat him in the large comfortable chair
and proceeded to tie his wrists to the heavy wooden arms. She had
collected several of his best ties during his frequent visits to her
lavishly appointed home, and secured him tightly with two of her
favorites. Jacqueline had never shown a penchant for bondage before,
but Jack was always game for a new adventure.

She smiled wickedly as she circled him, pacing like a hungry lioness.
When she was satisfied with her handiwork, she stopped and looked down
at him, almost able to hear his pounding heartbeat from the short
distance that separated them.

Without a word, she slowly stripped in front of him, never taking her
eyes off his unbelieving expression. Finally naked, she dropped to her
knees, and then crawled toward him. Her hungry hands unfastened his
belt, opened his fly, and pulled the stiff shaft of rubbery meat into
the dim candlelight of her bedroom. Taking the hard purple head into
mouth, she circled the flared edge of it several times, then explored
the gaping opening with the pointed tip of her tongue. She brought him
to the edge again and again, always stopping when his thighs began
to shake and his head fell back onto the padding of the high-backed
chair.
 
Just as Jack thought he would finally find relief from her torture,
Jacqueline stopped, rose to her feet and walked to the TV, six feet
from where she had placed Jack's chair. She tapped the switch,
filling the room with the set's blue glow.

"Ummm, Jacqueline. Dirty movies?"

"Yes, Jack, dirty movies."

He stared intently at the couple, barely discernable in the dim light. 
The girl was naked. Slim and long-waisted with velvet skin, she stood 
with her back to the camera, facing her lover as she slowly removed his 
clothing. The camera zoomed closer, now showing more clearly the rising 
of his chest as he breathed deeply, and his masterful eyes as he 
watched her. Trembling fingers undid button after button of the crisp 
white shirt. Her hands found their way inside, damp palms testing the 
warm flesh of his shoulders, arms, and belly. She moved a step closer 
and rested her cheek on his bare chest, her arms now clinging to his 
lean torso. He smiled and moved his hands down her long back, stopping
to lightly caress the silky firmness of her ass. She stiffened slightly
and allowed a soft cry of surprise to escape when his fingers worked
their way lower into the damp crevice between her legs.

Click. The screen went black. Jacqueline stood between Jack and the TV, 
remote in hand. Again, she went to her knees, crawled to him, and 
sucked the dripping head of his cock into her mouth. He chuckled, 
finally seeing her little game. She brought him to the brink of orgasm 
one more time, then stopped, looking up into his pleading eyes.

"Do you like my little movie, Jack?"

"Christ, Jacqueline, you've outdone yourself this time! You have to 
give me the title when we're done. Looks like a must for my collection. 
Where'd you get it?"

"Want to see more?"

"Hell yes. I can play this game as long as you can!"

"We'll see about that, Jack."

The screen flickered for a few seconds, then came to life. Jack 
returned his attention to the screen, wondering how much longer he 
could possibly hold out as Jacqueline sat at his feet and gently 
stroked his genitals with both hands.  

The girl's lover was naked, his hard angular body now a silhouette in 
the surrounding shadows. She was on her knees in front of him, again 
with her back to the camera. Reaching into the darkness, she moved his 
erection into the light, milking and stroking it just inches from her 
face. Soon it was obvious that she had taken him into her mouth. The 
muscles of her neck and back hardened and twisted and her hair danced 
to her even rhythm as she pulled at his meaty cock. Although her face 
remained away from the camera, the regular wet sucking sounds left 
nothing to the imagination. Her body jerked and swayed as she devoured 
him with abandon. She continued tirelessly, until finally, his hips 
rocked frantically as he came in her mouth. Long moans rose from the 
darkness while she greedily swallowed every drop of her warm, salty 
reward.

Click. The screen went black again and Jacqueline's mouth was on him 
immediately. She licked and nibbled his stomach, tracing the creases of 
his groin past the stiff shaft to his tightened sac. One at a time, she 
sucked his balls into her mouth, firmly licking and prodding them with 
her tongue. Jack chuckled as he tried to free his wrists from the arms 
of the heavy chair.

"Give up, Jack? I know you're ready to cum."

"You've got it all wrong, Jacqueline. I could enjoy this for hours."

"Well then, it looks like I have no choice but to force your 
surrender."

"Do your best, my dear. Now, can you do that thing with your tongue 
again?"

Click. The girl was now on her hands and knees, suspended over his 
lean, naked body. Slowly but deliberately, her delicate fingers lifted 
his cock, positioning it just under her glistening slit. She lowered 
herself onto it, letting it enter her, an inch at a time, until it 
completely filled her. Then, very slowly, she rose and fell on it, 
gradually increasing the plunging of her narrow hips to a frenzied 
pace. Quiet little grunts and sobs echoed through the room, a 
predictable cadence to the nearly blurred motion of her small hungry 
body. Her cries turned to louder whimpering, then to a series of long 
moans as she continued to suck him inside her. 

It was more than enough to overcome Jack's best attempt to prolong the
game.  Jacqueline's hands were on his erect shaft, her mouth and tongue
working feverishly on the sensitive head.  He felt the sudden surge of
semen gush through the length of his cock. Moaning, he watched her
mouth and throat convulse as she refused to allow one drop to escape
her. He moaned again, louder this time, as his eyes returned to the TV
where the girl was now screaming in her own orgasm. The intensity of
his climax was unnerving. Like some outside force, it seemed to control
him, smothering him in a continuing blanket of unrelenting release. 

"Christ! Oh, God! Jesus, Jacqueline! Ohhhhaaagh. . ."

It was though he was riding a speeding wave, an equal mix of pure lust
and a terrifying loss of control.  It gave no sign of stopping.  
Gratification and anxiety hit him in equal measures with increasing
intensity as the orgasm seemed to go on and on, until finally draining
his energy to the point of exhaustion.

Just when he thought he could no longer endure it, the wave that
carried him flattened and washed him quietly back to shore.  He gasped
for breath, grateful for the slowing of his racing pulse.  On the
screen, the girl had also finished, now collapsed onto her lover's
chest.  The slowing of her heavy breathing seemed to match his own.  
After a long, deep kiss, she rolled off him, still winded as her small
firm breasts rose and fell, swollen pink nipples casting short shadows 
onto the moist mounds beneath them.

Jack watched as Susan's eyes fluttered open.  She was smiling a smile
he had never seen, one hand exploring the contours of her lover's
chest.  He was drawn into the image, incredulous.  An icy chill hit him
as he struggled to comprehend what the glowing screen presented.  

Shock.  Paralyzing confusion.  Unbearable pain.  Uncontrollable anger.  
Furious rage.  All these things swept over him in the short time it
took Susan to return her hand to the man's erection while she covered
his mouth with hers.  Within seconds, a milky river of semen slowly
covered her small fingers. 

"God damn it, Jacqueline!  Where did you get this tape??  Who is he??
Let me out of this fucking chair, you bitch!"

Jacqueline rose with an icy grin and circled to a position behind the
chair allowing Jack a better view of the couple, still clutching each
other, mouths locked in a deep probing kiss. 

"Why Jack, don't you like my little game anymore?  Just a few minutes
ago you were cummimg in my mouth while you watched Susan climax on
another man's dick."

"You fucking bitch!  Untie me!  You drugged her!  Susan would never..."

"Jack, Jack, Jack.  You didn't recognize her?  No wonder she has to
find strangers to satisfy her.  How long has it been since you've
fucked her, Jack.  How long since you've even looked twice at her
breasts or that smooth little ass?"

Jack pulled and twisted at his bonds, now feeling an ever-increasing
exhaustion that added to his frustration and defeat.

"Jacqueline, you?  Why?  I trusted you.  We. . .  How could you. . ."

"So many questions, Jack."

She moved closer to the back of his chair and rested her hands on his
shaking shoulders. Sliding beneath his collar, she began to massage the
straining muscles of his back and neck.

"She didn't need drugs.  Winston is a very attractive man, and can be
very persuasive.  I've known him for a long, long time.  Oh, and it
wasn't a tape, Jack.  That's right, it happened while you were
watching, in another room here in the house.  I'm surprised we couldn't
hear her screaming downstairs while he fucked her senseless."

"You're finished, you cunt!  You're not only fired, you won't even be
able to find a job in a whorehouse when I'm done with you!  So untie
me, pack up your shit and get out tomorrow, or I'll see that your ass
ends up in prison!  UNTIE ME, YOU PIECE OF SHI-"

The sharp pop stopped Jack in mid rant.  A thin hollow spike shattered
the back of his skull and entered through the small ragged hole.  Her
hands clutched his neck tightly, keeping a hardened digit close to
the entrance while the attached tendril wove a path deep into the soft
gray tissue. His body spasmed and his eyes bulged as surrounding
tangles of neurons were liquefied and extracted through the advancing
probe.

Genetic material was removed, ingested, and analyzed, but not before
mapping each connection, every cell's size and location, everything
that made Jack Jack.

After a final shudder, Jack's body slumped in the chair, eyes
staring wildly from the front of his empty skull.  Jacqueline stood
frozen, her hand fixed to the back of the lifeless body. Almost 
imperceptibly, her svelte figure began to widen, the soft skin rippling
with pulsing changes.  With increasing speed, her body took on it's new
form. Within minutes, a new Jack released the dead husk and turned
away, ignoring the faint thud as the shriveled corpse leaned forward,
then collapsed onto the floor.


                                    - -


They arrived unannounced, almost ignoring the small blue and white 
marble orbiting a star like so many others. Fleeing the catastrophic 
end of their own civilization, they descended to marvel at the backward 
but passionate creatures inhabiting the fertile world below. 

They had evolved beyond the tenuous construction of atoms and 
molecules, now beings of formless energy. Although time meant little to 
them, both began to feel a weariness from their endless journeys. They 
discovered an unexpected sustenance from the rampant emotions escaping 
the fragile creatures. A constant flood of anger and fear attracted 
them at first, and they reveled in the new sensations as the addiction 
established itself, then grew. Soon they began to understand the 
distinction of gender. To them, the differences between male and female 
were subtle but intriguing. At once they found the burst of sensations 
from the humans' reproductive rituals irresistible. Before long, they 
thought nothing more of taking a human host than a human would of 
threading a wriggling worm onto a rusty hook.

At first, interacting with the fleshy beings was trying and monotonous.
Sex alone held them close to this civilization, it's attraction 
eventually responsible for the weaving of their new lives into the 
hominids' culture. Their bodies were prone to disease and short-lived, 
and had to be discarded often. As the flesh aged, they found the 
attractiveness to the opposite gender waned, and the frequency of
varied sexual encounters declined. But this world was teaming with a
growing supply of fresh young hosts, all eager for the same orgasmic
thrills, all easily taken for as long as necessary.

As time went on, they traded bodies frequently, savoring the uniqueness
of each new host. They had no preference for male or female. Their
existence became a quest for a human subject with the greatest sexual
desires. Once found, it was exceptionally easy to bond, then mate with
the simple creatures. The rush of energy from the brief but powerful
climaxes was like nothing they had ever known. During the ages that
passed since their initial contact when they had helped these people
build towering stone monuments to their dead, to the present time, when
their numbers had grown exponentially, along with the variety and
frequency of their sexual needs, "Winston" and "Jacqueline" never tired
of the search for a novel source of entertainment.

"Did she please you?"

"Her release was the most intense I've experienced. This one shows
exceptional potential - so many desires waiting to be offered so
willingly. Again, you have outdone yourself, companion."

"I knew you would be pleased. Will she be enough for the both of us?
Her very breath fills me with impatience."

"Be on your way, companion. She waits for her husband to return to her.
Together, we will give her a future of satisfaction she could not have
imagined. Her soft, whimpering body will serve us well, until she can
whimper no more."





Replies and comments to: quantumleap01@hotmail.com





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  QuantumLeap


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





