BDSM Library - Working on Dawn




Working on Dawn
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Dawn and her husband had gotten involved with a charismatic rogue known as "the Mechanic" He in turn involved them in various of his plots and schemes and soon his enemies saw them as a way to get to the "Mechanic". Dawn was abducted from the street and taken to a warehouse where she is interrogated.
Working on Dawn, A Damsel In Distress Story

by Tom Roper




Working on Dawn, part 1

Dawn and her husband had gotten involved with a charismatic rogue known as "the
Mechanic". He in turn involved them in several of his plots and schemes and soon
his enemies saw them as a way to get to the Mechanic. Dawn was abducted from the
street and taken to a warehouse.

The two men pushed Dawn through the door ahead of them.  Going from the darkness
into the light of the warehouse, her eyes took a moment to adjust, even though
the lights were not very bright inside the warehouse.  As she looked around the
warehouse she saw row after row of pallet racks, with pallets and crates stored
on the racks.  The two men were pushing her along at a very fast walk for them,
which was close to a jog for her.  The two men were very large, each one over
six feet tall, and they were both well over two hundred pounds, and mostly
muscle, very low percentage of body fat on these two.  They had no problem
whatsoever directing her ninety-seven pounds, fully clothed.  As she was barely
five feet tall, she looked like a child or a doll they carried between them.

They came to a separate steel room in the back of the warehouse that looked like
it was a large drive in freezer.  One of the men pulled a rope hanging down in
front of the concrete ramp that ran up to the large drive-thru doors, and with a
pneumatic sound the two large doors slid open.  They guided her into the huge
room.  She saw that the room was at least thirty feet wide and over one hundred
feet long.  The doors closed behind them as they continued toward the back of
the room.  The ceilings were at least sixteen feet high with explosion proof
lights hanging down at ten-foot intervals throughout the room.  In the front of
the room there were more storage racks, but as they pushed her toward the back
she saw the racks stopped and the back had furniture and desks.  She guessed
that at one time this had been a large drive-in freezer, but the large
refrigeration units hanging from the ceiling were silent and the room was about
seventy degrees.  The galvanized steel walls and ceiling were very clean, as was
the concrete floor.

As they entered the office-type area she saw one section that had a two rows of
four desks.  The entire back area was lighted with several sets of fluorescent
lights hanging from the ceiling.  Only two of the six sets of fluorescent lights
were on, but this area was still quite a bit brighter than the rest of the
warehouse.  A woman in a plain beige dress was working at a computer at one
desk; a man in a short sleeve shirt was sitting at another desk talking on the
phone.  The other desks were not occupied, but from the papers and items on the
desks she guessed they were in use in the daytime.

The desks took up less than one fourth of the back area of the converted
freezer.  A large reception type area occupied another one fourth, with four
sofas, six easy chairs and coffee and end tables.  Soft music was being piped
into the area through overhead speakers.  The rest of the open area had several
automotive-type tool chests, various steel work tables, machines, steel lockers,
welding equipment, and lifts, jacks and A-frames. 

The men pushed Dawn down on a wooden straight back office chair, pulled her arms
behind the back of the chair and handcuffed her wrists to the back legs.  The
woman finished up some work on her computer and started a report printing, then
got up and walked toward Dawn.  She wore a simple beige knit dress that stopped
about four inches above the knee and clung to every curve of her ample body. 
She wore four-inch spike heels and mesh hose with seams down the back.  She was
probably five foot eight or nine, very shapely.  Her hair was blonde, shoulder
length, her makeup was on the heavy side, but all done quite well.  Dawn
considered her a very good-looking woman, probably mid-thirties.  Yes, she
thought, very attractive.

The blonde woman stopped about five feet in front of Dawn and gave her an
appraising look, with her feet crossed and her hand under her chin with an
analytical look. 

"This is Dawn," she said to the men.  "I have been listening to her for three
weeks and I finally get to see her."

"Yea," said one of the big men.  "We picked her up just like you said, right
where and when you said we would."

"Gosh," the blonde said.  "She is such a tiny thing.  How tall are you, honey?"

"Five One," Dawn answered, exaggerating by at least 3/4 of an inch.  She usually
said she was five feet, but now she wanted to be a little taller.  "Why am I
here?"

"Now I strongly suspect you know the answer to that," the blonde said in reply. 
"Don't you know why you are here?"

"No," Dawn lied.  "I was just walking out to meet someone and these goons
grabbed me.  Why am I here?"

""Dawn, Dawn," the blonde answered as she sat in any easy chair over to one
side.  The blonde crossed her legs and her short dress practically disappeared,
exposing her long, shapely legs.  "Bring her over here," the blonde ordered one
of the big men.

The man grabbed the heavy chair with both hands and picked the chair and Dawn up
like it was no weight at all and carried her over in front of the blonde and set
the chair down, four feet in front of her.

"Did you search her?" the blonde asked.

"No, not really," the big man answered.

"What if she is wearing a wire?" the blonde said disgustedly.  "Do it."

The big man pushed Dawn's head forward and unzipped her dress down the back.  He
examined her back, and pulled the dress off her shoulders.  The blonde watched
with a slight smile on her lips and a twinkle in her eye that made Dawn feel
even more uncomfortable than the situation already made her feel.  The man
pulled her head back by the hair with one hand and the other hand ran down the
front of her dress.  With a flick of his fingers he unhooked the front-closing
bra she had on and pulled it up releasing her breasts and then pulled it over
her head and let it fall down her back.  His hand explored her front totally,
each breast, her stomach and sides, her abdomen down to her panties.

"Ray," he ordered.  "Get the bottom."

With that the other big man moved quickly around the chair and pushed her legs
apart with his own legs as he pulled a switch blade knife out of his pocket.  He
knelt between her legs and with one hand pulled her panties out from her body
and with two flashing swipes of his blade the panties came free with a slight
jerk and he dropped them on the floor.  She was not wearing hose and he moved
his hands over her legs and to her crotch.  He started to insert a finger inside
her.

"What do you think I am hiding in there?"  Dawn complained as she involuntarily
tried to turn her body away and protect herself from examination and violation.

"We will not know until we check, will we," the blonde answered.

The man pulled her back around and inserted his huge middle finger into her
vagina and began probing around.  Dawn tried her best to relax so the
examination would not be painful.  Her body infuriated her when it responded on
its own and quickly lubricated itself and Ray's finger in the process.  He gave
a slight grunt to acknowledge her body's reaction to the search, as if filing it
away for future use and at the same time enjoying it.  He moved his other hand
under her left ass cheek and lifted her off the bottom of the chair then pulled
his finger out of her vagina and moved it back to her anus.

"Oh, no," Dawn said softly.

"I have to be sure you are not hiding anything," Ray said gently.

He inserted his finger and probed her anus deeply.  Then he removed his finger
and lowered her back onto the chair.

"Are you sure I am not hiding anything now?" Dawn asked him.

"Pretty sure," he answered as he stood up and walked around behind her.

Dawn sat the chair in front of the blonde and pulled her knees together
defensively.  Her dress was totally unzipped down the back and pulled off her
shoulders.  These men had probed every part of her body and the woman in front
of her had watched the entire episode with more than interest. 

"In a few minutes," the blonde said casually.  "A man by the name of Felix is
going to come through that door and he is going to ask you some questions.  He
will not accept any answer but the truth.  You will not be able to keep the
truth from him.  Why don't you save yourself some trouble and tell me what we
both know I want to know and you know to tell me?"

"Are you sure you don't want to watch?" Dawn asked the blonde.

"Actually I do want to watch," the blonde answered.  "I have watched him work on
several women before.  He is good, very good.  And you know what?"

"No," Dawn answered hatefully.  "What?"

"When he gets through with you," the blonde put her fore finger in her mouth
seductively.  "You will be in pretty good shape.  You will not think so, but
with a day or two rest, no one would be able to tell what you had been put
through."

"Am I supposed to take comfort in that?" Dawn tried to keep the fear out of her
voice.

"I would if I were you," the blonde said.

"How much are you going to enjoy this?" Dawn asked.

"Quite a bit, I imagine," she answered.  "But we can all save a lot of wear and
tear on your body if you just tell me now.  Then I can find other ways to enjoy
you that you will enjoy a lot more."

"I doubt that!' Dawn exclaimed.

"Oh," the Blonde said sexily.  "You can say that, but first of all, I know you
would prefer anything I want to do to you to any one of the things Felix will do
to you, just as a matter of pain preference.  Secondly, I suspect you have
fantasized about another woman before and I believe you even fantasized about me
when you watched me walk over to you and when I sat down here."

Dawn felt herself blush like crazy and she could feel the heat of embarrassment
fill her body.  She looked away to try to hide her feelings, but she knew that
once more her body had abandoned her and completely surrendered her secrets,
just as it had when Ray probed her womanhood.

"You are not going to tell me are you?" the blonde asked.

"No," Dawn answered simply.

"Alex, Ray," the blonde ordered.  "Put her on the lift."

Dawn heard one of the big men walk away behind her while the other one unlocked
the handcuffs behind her back and pulled her up to a standing position, holding
both wrists in one giant hand, both her arms twisted up behind her back almost
to her shoulder blades.  The blonde stood up and stood in front of Dawn.

"Here, honey," she said gently as she reached down and pulled the dress up. 
"Lets make sure you have something to wear if you do get a chance to walk out of
here."

With that she pulled the dress over her head Alex released her wrists so that
she could put her hands over her head to allow the dress to be pulled off.  Dawn
stood between the two of them with nothing on except her shoes, the heels only
two inches high.  The blonde was at least eight inches taller than Dawn plus the
two inches of extra heel height made her tower over ten inches over Dawn.  Alex
was at least twelve inches taller in his street shoes.  She realized how
children must feel as she was dwarfed by these people. 

The Blonde folded the dress and examined Dawn's body.  Dawn had every reason to
be proud of her body.  Her daily exercise regimen negated the fact that she had
two children and was forty years old.  As soon as the air had hit Dawn's nipples
they had gone fully erect.  The Blonde laid the carefully folded dress on one of
the easy chairs with her bra and the now useless panties.  Then she stepped back
over to Dawn and took Dawn's nipples in her hands, kneading them gently.  Dawn
let out a low gasp.

"They really are magnificent," the Blonde remarked.  "I am really glad to
finally see what everyone has been talking about."

"What are you talking about?" Dawn asked in puzzlement.  "What do you mean
'everyone has been talking about?"

"Oh, I forgot," the Blonde said as she rushed back to her desk.  Rummaging
through a drawer she pulled out a small tape recorder and after going through
several tapes she pulled one out and put it into the recorder.  She walked back
to Dawn as the tape fast-forwarded. 

She pushed the play button and they heard Dawn's voice on the tape "...used to
milk". The Blonde hit the rewind for another second then play again.  "...my
second child was born my first husband became fascinated with my breast milk. 
He used to milk my breasts every morning and every afternoon and then at night
before we went to bed.  I was exercising and taking vitamins and supplements, so
I was making milk furiously.  My breasts were enormous.  He bought an electric
milk pump..."

Dawn listened in astonishment to the conversation she had had with Michael weeks
before, probably in Atlanta.  The tape clarity was excellent; she wondered where
they had the bug.  No it had to be bugs, they bust have had bugs in every room.





Alex held her by her upper arms and pulled her several steps away as Ray rode a
pallet jack into the reception area.  It was a machine used to pick up pallets
and put them into racks high overhead as well as to move them around a warehouse
or to load and unload them from trucks.  It was not a forklift, since instead of
a seat the operator stood on the rear of the machine and rode it in a standing
position.  The pallet jack used two large steel arms with small wheels on either
side in the front to stabilize the machine while the forks lifted between those
arms.  Ray put a wide board with clips that held it in place across the two
arms.   A length of chain with a wide leather cuff was bolted to the board on
each side.  Ray pulled the forks out of their slots and replaced them with a
wide steel bar that had inserts that fit into the slots.  The wide bar also had
lengths of chain with leather cuffs; these were bolted to sleeves on either side
of the bar that looked like they could be adjusted for width.  Ray pulled one of
the levers on the control panel and the bar hydraulically raised on the
uprights.

Alex picked Dawn up and placed her on the board, facing forward.  He and Ray
pulled her legs apart just at the verge of being uncomfortable and buckled the
leather cuffs to each of her ankles.  Then they pulled her wrists over her head
and buckled the cuffs.  As they stepped back, Dawn was standing on the board,
spread-eagled, naked except for her shoes and earrings, totally exposed, and
with very little room to move her arms or legs. 

Dawn walked back over with a drink in her hand.  She used a finger to swirl the
ice cubes.

"Ray," the Blonde ordered.  "Get something and let's measure those nips of hers,
I would like to see what they really measure."

"Sure," Ray answered as he walked over to the tool area.  "I would like to know,
too."

"Alex," the Blonde said.  "Why don't we warm her up a little bit.  You want to
show her what you cabelleros are famous for?"

"Sure," Alex said with a slight smile.  Alex walked over to one of the lockers.

"Are you starting to worry a little bit?" the Blonde asked Dawn.  "How do you
feel?"

"Yes," Dawn answered.  The men could not hear their lowered voices.  "I am
worried and I feel absolutely helpless.  Won't you do anything for me?"

"If you tell me how to find The Mechanic," the Blonde said in a low voice as she
traced the under part of Dawn's breasts.

"I do not know where he is," Dawn answered.

"You are clever," the Blonde answered as she lifted the weight of the slightly
sagging breasts, and hefted them in her hands.  "I did not ask you where he is,
I asked you how to find him.  You know that."

"I cannot tell you that," Dawn answered.

"Oh, you can," the Blonde answered.  "And you undoubtedly will.  You will not be
able to keep from telling us."

Ray came back with a dial caliper; a stainless steel machinist measuring device
with finely ground steel fingers. He took Dawn's left nipple in one hand and
started to put the caliper on it.

"Wait," the Blonde said.  She took an ice cube out of her drink and expertly ran
it over Dawn's nipple until the nipple was fully distended and a dark purple in
color.  "Now measure it."

Ray put the caliper on and adjusted the fingers down to grasp the nipple at its
base.  "Point Six Four Four," he read off the dial.  Dawn leaned her head down
to watch the actions being taken on her body, helpless to do anything about it.

"Over five eighths of an inch," Alex said approvingly as he walked back into the
group, a coiled bullwhip in his hand.

Ray used the calipers to measure the length.  "One point One One Zero."

"Over an inch long," the Blonde said.   "Now measure the diameter of the
aureoles."

Ray adjusted the fingers to measure the full diameter of the darkness of the
small woman's aureoles.  "One point six three one."

"Hmmmn, Nice size," the Blonde said.  "But the nipples themselves are huge,
especially on such a small woman.  But then they have been through a lot."

"How long did her second husband keep milking her?" Ray asked.

"How long was it, Dawn?"  the Blonde asked.  Dawn was silent, a determined look
on her face.

The Blonde grabbed Dawn's nipples with her thumbs and fingers and pinched and
twisted them cruelly.  Dawn gritted her teeth and only after nearly a full
minute of having her nipples cruelly twisted and brutalized did a low moan begin
to escape her lips.  The Blonde did not let up but got a fresh grip and renewed
her attack on the helpless girl's nipples.  "Bring me some pliers," she ordered
the men.  Ray quickly offered a pair of pliers with rubber covered handles.  The
Blonde released Dawn's nipples and took the pliers, but she quickly place the
left nipple in the pliers and was squeezing and twisting it cruelly, the end
sticking out of the pliers quickly turning dark purple and swelling up on the
end like it would explode.

Dawn's low groan got louder and higher and just before it turned to a scream she
yelled out, "Two years, he kept it up for two years." 

The Blonde reduced the pressure on the pliers but did not remove them.  "What,
what did he do for two years?"

"Milking me," Dawn said breathing heavily.  "You know that from the tape, damn
it."

"How much milk did he get?" the Blonde said, squeezing harder until Dawn
answered.

"It increased," Dawn said as she writhed in her constraints.  "It went from a
quart a day at first to over two quarts a day."  The Blonde squeezed a moment
and Dawn added, "One day he went for a record and in four sessions he got almost
one gallon."

When the Blonde released the pressure on the pliers enough Dawn twisted her body
quickly and pulled her nipple free.  The sudden freedom relieved the pressure
and pain temporarily, and even though Dawn knew she could not go anywhere, the
momentary relief and the rebellion, no matter how slight, felt good. 

"Tighten her up," the Blonde ordered.  Ray held the lever back on the control
panel of the lift truck. With a hydraulic swoosh and hum the bar on which her
wrists were attached raised, pulling her arms relentlessly and easily all the
way up until her arms were fully extended. She felt her weight being transferred
from her legs to her wrists, and then felt her body being stretched.  She let
out a yell of anxiety and fear and Ray stopped the machine. 

There was a sharp strain on her shoulders and hip joints as she was totally
stretched.  She wondered if Ray had not stopped the machine what would have
happened to her.  Dawn grabbed the chains attached to her wrist cuffs and tried
to pull some slack, but there was no slack to pull.  She pointed her toes,
trying to touch the board and take some of the weight off her arms, but she
could not reach the board.  She bent her head forward to look down and then up,
examining her plight.  She was totally helpless.

The Blonde and Ray walked over to easy chairs and sat down, watching Dawn and
Alex.  Alex took several steps to the side and in front of Dawn and uncoiled the
bullwhip on the floor between them.  With a flick of his wrist the whip
straightened out on the floor in front of Dawn.  With a sweeping motion of his
straight right arm, Alex brought the whip to life and it swept back behind him
and then arced the black leather whip through the air toward Dawn's stretched
nude body.  With a cruel crack the whip wrapped itself around Dawn slightly
below her breasts, right at the bottom of her rib cage.  Dawn had the strangest
sensation of her life as the braided leather whip circled her body and slapped
her flesh.  The surprise of the lash caused her to scream loudly.  There was
pain, to be sure, but a sudden flush of warmth swept through her entire body,
starting at her ribs where the lash landed and spreading out in all directions
like a Tsunami wave of heated blood, surging out her limbs, filling her abdomen.

With a flick of his wrist, Alex caused the whip to release its hold on Dawn's
tiny body and fall to the floor in front of her.  Again her arched the whip back
behind him like a fly fisherman making a cast, and again she saw the wide
curving arc as the whip headed for her again.  She arched her back, using her
arms and legs to arch herself and meet the whip normally used for recalcitrant
cattle, to meet it at the point of impact, to make herself a party to the
activity rather than just a helpless participant.  This time the lash landed on
her left breast, just slightly below the nipple, circled her body and landing on
her right breast as well, making a loud snapping sound as the braided leather
came in contact with her soft skin.

This time the effect on Dawn was truly electric as the tidal wave of heat swept
out from her breasts and pulsed through her body.  The heat seemed to
concentrate on her loins and her breasts and she was amazed to find that the
pain was actually enjoyable.  She looked at the Blonde and Ray in the easy
chairs, watching her in rapt silence.  This time she gave a moan rather than a
scream.  The third lash landed across her breasts as well, this time exactly on
her big left nipple, the one the Blonde had worked over the most with the
pliers.  The sensation was painful, but the pain was enjoyable to Dawn, and the
moan she released through her lips revealed that fact to all three of her
audience.

"I think you have a true fan," Ray said in amazement.

"Yes," the Blonde said with satisfaction.  "Lets all get in on this act.  Switch
to belts."

Ray and the Blonde both got up and walked toward Dawn.  Alex walked to his
locker and returned with three leather belts.  Each of the three took a belt and
positioned themselves around Dawn.  The Blonde reached between Dawn's legs and
felt her pussy which was so wet it threatened to drip.  "My, my, she does seem
to be getting into this."

"If you can give me a little slack," Dawn asked.

At a nod from the Blonde, Ray pulled the lever and the bar slid down until Dawn
was once more supporting her own weight on her feet and her arms were no longer
stretched.  He lowered it a little more and Dawn's arms were pretty relaxed,
although still held slightly above her head.  Alex loosened the chains on her
ankles so that her legs were not spread quite so much.

"Well," the Blonde said approvingly.  "Do you think you are ready?"

"Let's do it," Dawn said.

Alex positioned himself to Dawn's right, belt in his right hand.  Ray was to
Dawn's left, belt in his left hand.  The Blonde was directly in front of Dawn,
belt in her right hand.  Alex struck first, the belt landing under Dawn's left
breast and circling her back to the right rib cage.  Ray followed as soon as
Alex's belt had been recovered, his belt striking Dawn's right breast and
circling her back to end at her left armpit.  Dawn groaned with each slap of the
leather. After the second belt was directed at her breast, she grabbed the
chains holding her wrist cuffs as high as she could with her hands and pulled
her arms up and out of the way, offering her breasts totally to the onslaught. 

The Blonde let her belt go across Dawn's buttocks, but since she was standing in
front it was not an effective lash.  The men began to whip rapidly, one after
the other from her breasts down her fib cage to her abdomen. After half a dozen
lashes from each man her body was covered with a series of red welts.  The men
stopped and the Blonde gave an underhand stroke bringing the belt up between
Dawn's legs, slightly off center so that most of it landed on her right inner
thigh.  Dawn relaxed her handholds on the chains and lowered her arms so that
she could open her legs wider.  She spread her feet slightly, but mostly she
opened her thighs by bending outward at the knees, exposing her crotch to the
Blonde's onslaught.  The blonde started a steady stream of underhand strokes
with the belt, trying to direct each one directly into the center of Dawn's
womanhood.  Dawn lowered herself even more, spreading her thighs even more, and
by the third belt slap the sound was definitely like leather hitting something
wet.  Dawn groaned with each slap of the leather, but the end of each groan
contained a tone that said it was not altogether a bad thing.  After six strokes
in succession landed squarely on her womanhood, Dawn's legs failed and her
weight collapsed on her arms and her head fell forward so that her chin rested
on her chest.

The Blonde tossed her belt on a chair and walked back to an easy chair.  She
nodded and the men took Dawn down from the lift truck by unbuckling the cuffs. 
They carried her over to the sofa and after cuffing her wrist with the chrome
handcuffs she had on originally. They allowed her to collapse on the sofa across
from the Blonde.





Working on Dawn, part 2

Ray wheeled a strange chair into the center of the mechanic's shop area as Alex
pushed and half-carried Dawn into the area.  The chair was only best described
as a chair, although it had no seat.  It was mostly metal, heavy, on casters so
it could be wheeled around.  The legs were quite high, not quite as high as a
barstool but much higher than a normal chair.  The front and rear legs were
connected with two narrow padded boards, leaving the entire center of the chair
open.  The back of the chair consisted of two pipes set about two inched apart
that rose four feet above the sitting part of the chair.

Alex and Ray, each holding one of her arms, lifted her onto the chair.  She
placed her upper legs on the padded boards, which were angled in such a way that
her legs were spread wide open at a large angle.  Her feet dangled nearly a foot
off the floor.  They tied her onto the chair with a leather belt around her
waist through slots in the pipes that made up the back of the chair.  Her ankles
were shackled with leather cuffs to the sides of the metal front legs, and her
thighs were belted to the padded boards on either side.  Her legs were spread
wide, and her entire crotch was exposed from underneath, totally.  Her feet were
so far off the ground that she could touch nothing.  Ray placed a steel
tee-shaped piece into a bracket so that it protruded out the back of the chair
horizontally at her shoulder blade level.  Her arms were pulled behind her and
over that tee-shaped piece so her elbows were hooked over it behind her back and
her wrists were cuffed together.  This forced her to lean forward, but also made
her back very straight.  Even though her breasts normally sagged onto her chest,
in this position they hung completely free. 

Ray turned the chair on its casters so Dawn was suddenly facing a man dressed in
a suit and tie seated on a stool.  He smiled at her and introduced himself.  "I
am called Felix," he said with a slight South American accent.  "You must be
Dawn."

Dawn had lost most of her self-consciousness of being totally nude except for
her shoes and earrings.  Instead of self-consciousness she felt an excitement
and a sensuality of having another person seeing her nakedness.  All of these
people were fully clothed, dressed for work.  She was nude, usually exposed in
such a way that they could see every part of her, usually restrained in such a
way that they could touch any part of her.  Her feeling was like exhibitionism
at its ultimate.  She realized that the heat in her loins was going up and she
could feel herself lubricating yet again.

Felix was not nearly as large as Alex or Ray.  He was probably five foot ten
inches, about one hundred and sixty fit pounds.  He appeared to be in his late
forties, salt and pepper hair, and dark complexion.  He had a handsome face, his
long, thin, aristocratic nose the predominant feature, but the dark, piercing
eyes were almost overpowering.  He approached her by wheeling the stool over in
front of her.  On the stool he was slightly higher than she was.  He stared at
her face and her body, his eyes looking her up and down several times, not the
least concerned with the effect that would have on her.  Dawn in turn enjoyed
his visual examination and even opened her legs slightly, even though she was
already spread wide, and raising her breasts slightly to show them to him more.

"You can tell me how to contact The Mechanic," he said matter-of-factly.  "I am
going to make you tell me.  Do you want to save me the time and effort?"
"Do you want me to save you the time and effort?" Dawn asked him, the
anticipation and some fear showing in her voice.

"Quite frankly, no," he answered truthfully.  "I will admit that I will enjoy
what I am going to do to you.  I think your body is absolutely beautiful, and I
relish the idea of getting my way with it."

Felix leaned over next to Dawn's ear and whispered in her ear, "Tell me, are you
looking forward to it, even a little bit?"

Dawn did not answer immediately, but she finally whispered in a husky voice in
his ear, "Yes."

He continued to whisper in her ear, "Listen, I will get the information from you
anyway.  Why don't you just tell me now?  I will do things to you you have never
dreamed of, bring you to heights you cannot even imagine, and let you go,
absolutely without injury."

"The telephone number is 507-665-1213," she whispered.  "An automated answering
machine will answer and you enter the numbers 337 and you get switched to an
answering machine.  You put in your phone number and he will return the call."

"Is that the only way you have to contact him?"  Felix asked.

"Yes," Dawn answered.

"Are you in love with him?" Felix whispered.

"Yes," Dawn answered.

"Where do you think he is now?"  Felix whispered.

"I think he is here in Miami," Dawn answered.  "But I truly have no idea where
he is."

"Is that all?" Felix asked.

"Have you caught Richard?" she whispered.

"No," Felix answered.  "They are still looking for him, though."

"He does not know any more than I do," Dawn whispered desperately.

"I believe you," Felix said.  "I will tone down the search for him."

"I am ready," Dawn whispered.  "I want you to use me and have me.  If I were not
tied like this I would give myself to you any way."

"Do you want the others to watch?" Felix whispered.

In a husky low groan, Dawn said, "Yes."

Felix turned and motioned the others to come over and take chairs around Dawn. 
He went back to the office area and made a telephone call.  He was gone for
several minutes, then he returned to the machinist area with a large, leather
salesman's bag.  He motioned to Ray who wheeled a surgical tray on wheels over
in front of Dawn.  He put it his bag on a chair, opened it and removed a leather
box, which he opened revealing four syringes.  Each of the syringes he filled
from a bottle of yellow liquid, carefully placing each syringe on a towel on the
surgical tray.  Then he wheeled his stool over in front of her and sat down.

Felix cupped Dawn's right breast in his left hand and played with the nipple. 
He soaked a piece of cotton in alcohol and rubbed in all over her nipple and
breast.  Then he blew on the nipple and it got quite cold and hard.  He held the
nipple in his left hand, examining it.

"Do you know how many milk glands you have in each nipple?" he asked her.

"Four," she answered.

"Oh, yes," Felix remembered out loud.  "Your ex-husband did quite a bit with
your lactating breasts didn't he?  How long since you lactated?"

"Nearly fifteen years," she answered.

"Do you see how many syringes I have ready?"  he asked.  She nodded.  "Do you
think that is a coincident?" 

She shook her head no.  Felix picked up a syringe; the needle was one and
one-half inch long.  He carefully placed the needle on one of the milk gland
holes on her right nipple and pushed it in.  Dawn let out a low moan and looked
down at the syringe sticking out of her nipple.  Without pause, Felix took
another syringe and repeated; then another, and then the last, until she had
four of the small syringes sticking out of her right nipple.  The feeling for
Dawn was close to ecstasy, even though there was pain.  She absolutely loved the
feeling and the image of the needles in her breast.

"This is a special concoction of mine," Felix said as he used both hands to hold
the syringes simultaneously.  "The solution will cause a burning pain in her
milk glands, mixing with your body fluids and making you feel like you are going
to catch on fire."

With no further discussion he pressed all the plungers together and injected all
four of the syringe's contents into Dawn's breast.  Dawn felt a burning from in
her breast, slowly intensifying.  Felix leaned forward and whispered "I used a
diluted solution".

The feeling in her breast seemed to alternate between heat and pinpricks.  Dawn
stared at the four thin syringes protruding from her nipple, the weight causing
her nipple to tilt downward, held up only by the four one and one-half inch
needles in her one inch nipple.  Waves of warmth flooded through her body, fed
by the burning sensation caused by the chemical in her milk glands.  She
remembered the feelings she had felt as her ex-husband had milked her and used
various devices to extract milk from her breasts.

Felix reached in his bag and pulled out what could only be described as a steel
brassiere.  It consisted of two five inch hose clamps normally used in diesel
truck engines held together with steel wire that also made up the "bra straps". 
He put the circular hose clamps over Dawn's breasts, first the right one,
carefully slipping it over first the syringes and then inserting her breast,
then the left breast until the hose clamps were at her chest, her breasts
totally protruding from the clamps.  He carefully adjusted and fastened the
steel wires so that Dawn wore the bra just like a real bra would be worn. 

Then he took an electric screwdriver out of his bag, fixed the blade in the
adjustment screw on the hose clamp on her left breast and with a whir of the
screwdriver tightened the clamp around the base of her breast.  As the clamp
encircled and tightened around her left breast, the end of her breast swelled up
as the base circle got smaller.  By the time the clamp had closed from its
five-inch circumference to a circumference of three inches, her breast started
to look like a balloon, the nipple distended and swollen. The color of the
nipple and aureole turned first dark red and then reddish purple. 

He switched the screwdriver to the right breast and started tightening it the
same way.  By the time the clamp was closed to three inches, the right breast
also looked like a red balloon on her chest, and the nipple was distended and
swollen to three times normal size, the hypodermic syringes sticking straight
out, no longer dangling from their weight.  Dawn stared at her breasts in
fascination, her teeth gritted, but no sound coming from her lips.

Felix took one of the syringes with thumb and forefinger, moving his stool and
stepping out of the way, he slowly pulled the needle free on Dawn's nipple.  A
stream of liquid squirted out of her nipple for a full second, hitting the floor
six feet in front of her chair.  This drew "oohs" and "ahhs" from the audience
of the Blonde, Ray and Alex.  Felix motioned to the Blonde in an inviting way
and she got up from her chair and approached.  The Blonde stood carefully to one
side as she removed the second syringe, and another stream of liquid shot out of
Dawn's nipple in an arc to the floor.

"Can we increase the pressure?" the Blonde asked pointing to the screwdriver.

Felix nodded in the affirmative and handed the Blonde the screwdriver.  She put
it to the adjustment screw and gave it a whir.  The clamp circle closed a
further half-inch, and now Dawn's breast truly looked like a ball merely stuck
to her chest, swollen to a size less than a volley ball but bigger than a
softball.  The aureole distended to nearly four inches in diameter and the
nipple was nearly two inches long.  Two short streams squirted out of the milk
glands that no longer had syringes in them. The two remaining syringes began to
droop because the nipple was now longer than the needles and the breast itself
was no longer supporting the needles.

The Blonde pulled one of the syringes out and a stream of liquid shot across the
room at least twelve feet.  The last syringe was pulled and the stream was not
as far, but lasted half a second longer.  Dawn began breathing rapidly and
heavily, her eyes locked on her breasts and what was being done to her.  She
felt a heat surging through her body and she began to pant like a dog as the
feelings surged through her.

The Blonde laid the syringes down on the surgical tray and squatted between
Dawn's widespread legs.  She struck two of her fingers into Dawn's womanhood and
the reaction was instantaneous.  Wanda immediately started having an orgasm and
ejaculated wildly.  With the Blonde's fingers inside her, the ejaculate fluid
squirted in every direction, covering the Blonde's right sleeve and making a
growing puddle on the floor under her chair.  She threw her head back and arched
her back as much as she could in the restraints of the chair.

"Wow," the Blonde said as the flood subsided.  "Just like they said she did. 
Richard and the Mechanic made her do that over and over."

"Just like on the tapes," Felix commented, appreciation in his voice.  "I have
never had a woman do that while being interrogated."

"Are you sure that is not urine?" Ray asked from the easy chair.

"No," the Blonde said authoritatively.  "No one seems to know what it is or
where it comes from but there is pretty general agreement it is not urine."

Dawn shuddered from her orgasm, and relaxed in the chair.  Felix and the Blonde
removed the steel bra.  The Blonde massaged Dawn's breasts while Felix went back
to his bag of tricks and then went to a locker in the shop area.  The hose
clamps of the steel bra left purplish rings around the base of each breast,
which were turning back to reddish pink as the circulation returned.  The
aureoles and nipples were returning to their normal large size from the huge
distended size they had been.

Felix wheeled a device back that looked like a battery charger, a big box on
wheels with knobs, dials, switches, and numerous cables and wires.  He stopped
it in front of Dawn and held out the electrical plug to Alex, who got up from
his chair and took the plug to an outlet box mounted on the floor and plugged it
in.  Felix flipped a switch and the box began to hum and a cooling fan came on
in the box.  He uncoiled a thin wire with a clamp on it and handed it to the
Blonde who attached the clamp to the steel leg of the chair.   Next he took a
wire with a ten inch copper phallus-shaped rod attached.  The rod had a big,
bulbous knob on the end, like a mushroom cap.

"I designed this especially for women," Felix said holding it up for Dawn to
examine.  "You can think of this as your ground wire, or maybe as a lightning
rod."  He smiled for effect.

"Will you do the honors, my dear?" he asked as he handed the shiny copper
phallus to the Blonde.

The Blonde knelt between Dawn's wide spread legs and used some spit in one hand
to lubricate her vaginal lips, then spread them with her fingers as she inserted
the copper phallus head. The bulb was almost four inches across at the base, and
with some effort, aided by Dawn who moved as best she could to help the device
enter her rather than fight it and add to the discomfort.  Once the bulbous head
passed through Dawn's vaginal canal, the rest of the rod was pushed up easily
until only the wire was hanging out of her vagina.

Felix plugged two wires into receptacles on the control panel.  Two copper
alligator clips, spring-loaded clamps with jagged teeth, were on the ends of the
wires.  He took a tube like a toothpaste tube and squeezed out some clear gel,
which he applied to Dawn's nipples.

"This improves the current flow," he explained as he clamped the first alligator
clip to Dawn's right nipple.  Dawn let out a high pitched
"Ohhhnnnn...Ohh...Hnnn", when he released the clip and let the teeth bite into
her tender nipple flesh.

"Bring a bucket with some ice," he instructed Ray who got up and headed to the
refrigerator in the office area.  "We use the ice to keep the contacts cool. 
Quite a bit of heat can build up once we get going."

Felix attached the other clip to her right nipple, and again she let out an
exclamation of pain.  He took a third wire from the box, plugged it into the
control panel and handed it to the Blonde.  "You seem to have an affinity for
her tender areas," he joked.  "Please attach this to an appropriate place.

The Blonde knelt again between Dawn's legs.  She used her thumb and forefinger
to pull the sheath away from Dawn's clitoris, which grew in length even as she
watched it.  With the other hand she opened the alligator clip and clamped it
across the base of the clit.  Dawn threw her head back and let out a low moan
through clenched teeth as the tenderest part of her body was assaulted. 

For whatever reasons lurk in the mind, Dawn considered her plight and felt
erotically stimulated.  She had no idea what this was going to feel like, but
the pinching, biting teeth of the alligator clips on her nipples and clit
actually felt good as she got used to them.  The feelings were like those she
had experienced with a lover who would roughly treat her nipples, or the
feelings she had had with the various devices her ex-husband had used to milk
her breasts, some of which were painful in a good way.  It was like the pain
when her gums would be inflamed at times, and while using a toothpick on the
enflamed part initially hurt, it soon began to feel good.  But this good pain
was clearly sexual, clearly erotic, clearly had to do with her total exposure,
the fact that these people could do anything they wanted to her, and they were
choosing to do things only to her erogenous zones.  If they had been doing
things to her fingers or teeth or some other sensitive area of her body it would
not be as good, it would be less sensuous.

Felix indicated to the Blonde to look at the control panel with him.  "See this
knob?" he demonstrated.  "The wire on her right breast is A, the left is B, and
her clit is C.  At this position here, A is negative and B is positive.  Thus
the current flow is left breast to right breast.  This knob controls the
voltage, from none at this point," he slowly turned the knob and Dawn felt pin
pricks of current flowing at her left and right nipples.

"As we increase the voltage," he continued to turn the knob.  Dawn felt the pin
pricks turn into an electric shock that seemed to make her breasts feel like
they were alive and bouncing on their own.  "You can see the effect."  Dawn's
head jerked back and her back arched in reaction to the constant flow of
electricity and she felt the copper clips growing hotter and hotter.

"You better use some ice to cool her down," Felix said as he turned the electric
flow off.

Dawn slumped in her chair as the electricity stopped.  She looked like a blow up
doll that is suddenly deflated.  The Blonde used an ice cube in each hand to
cool down the clips.  They were indeed hot as the ice melted quickly, leaving
water running off her breasts and down her abdomen.

Felix leaned over next to Dawn's left ear that was away from the other three
people and whispered in her ear.  "How is it?  Can you take it?"

"Uh huh," Dawn acknowledged under her breath.

"More or less?" Felix asked.

"More," she answered in a whisper through unmoving lips.  She did not want the
others, Ray and Alex and the Blonde, to know that she was a party to this.  A
major part of the thrill was that they believed she was being tortured for
information.  Information she had already given up.  This was merely an exercise
for her own and for Felix' satisfaction.  And an exercise to impress or shock or
entertain the three observers, which was also for her own satisfaction.

"Do you want to tell me how to find the Mechanic?" Felix asked as he walked back
to the charger.

"No," Dawn said emphatically.  She glanced over at Ray and Alex, who were
leaning forward in the easy chairs, watching the proceedings with a mixture of
excitement and keen interest.  Ray clearly had a bulge in his pants that showed
he was aroused.  That fact made Dawn more excited.  It was one thing to be
excited by her nudity, exposure, and the torment of her erogenous parts, but to
see first hand that one of the people who were watching was also sexually
aroused increased her own arousal even more.  The two sensations, while closely
related, were different and they fed each other, increasing the sensations
exponentially.

"Now when we turn allocation knob here," Felix demonstrated as he wheeled the
charger closer in front of Dawn and the Blonde looked at the control panel with
interest.  "We change both the A and the B to Positive and C becomes the
Negative.  Thus the current is flowing through both breasts down her body to her
clit.  Now look what happens when we give her a little charge."

With a flick of the current know, Felix sent the charge flowing through her
nipples just as he had described.  Dawn felt pin pricks of energy in her breasts
and her clit seemed like it was surrounded by pulsing energy.  She jerked in her
chair as much as her restraints allowed.  Felix turned the current off for a
moment.  Then he suddenly turned it up much higher than it had been before.  The
current surged through her nipples and breasts and felt as if it filled her body
with pulsing electricity, all of which suddenly concentrated on the center of
her womanhood.  She thought of her clit being in electricus extremus.  She
arched her back and her hair flew in both directions as she whipped her head
back and forth.  Felix stopped the current and she again slumped in the chair. 

The Blonde applied ice cubes to the electrodes and this time the water sizzled
as it cooled the hot copper clips on her nipples.  The copper clamp on her clit
was not nearly as hot, but she applied plenty of ice there as well.  Dawn's clit
was swollen quite large, even though the clip squeezed it tightly.

"Now will you tell me how to contact the Mechanic?" Felix asked as her leaned
over to place his head closer to Dawn's head.

"No," Dawn said through deep inhalations of breath.  "I will not tell you."

Dawn saw Alex and Ray watching with anxious interest.  Ray had to straighten his
legs and adjust his hard-on in his pants.  His boner was clearly visible through
the fabric of his pants after he relieved it from its constraints inside his
clothing and it lay next to his right thigh.  Alex had the beginnings of a
visible bulge in his pants as well.

Felix leaned over closer and whispered in her ear. "Are you all right?  More? 
Or should I cut back now?"

"More," Dawn whispered.  "I am going to cum."

Felix set the knob to A Pos B Neg and twisted the current up.  Dawn felt the
jolt of electricity flowing into her right nipple, through her chest and out her
left nipple.  Her nipples started to get hot and the electricity surged through
her breasts.  She leaned forward and started shuddering uncontrollably.  She
glanced over at Alex and Ray who were in states of advanced excitement.  The
Blonde was using ice cubes on the copper clips to keep the heat manageable, the
effect being that her nipples would start to get unbearably hot and then
suddenly the ice cubes would cool them down and they would start to freeze until
the heat started to build again.

Felix kept turning the current slowly higher and higher with one hand; with the
other hand he suddenly switched the knob to A Pos B Pos C Neg.  Suddenly the
electricity surged into both nipples and shot through her body to concentrate on
her clit.  Dawn's body arched, her legs convulsed and shook, and as her feet
jerked and her toes suddenly pointed up in the air her left shoe flew off of her
foot and hit the charger.  Her entire body convulsed.  Her mouth was open in a
silent scream, her fists clenched out behind her body.  Suddenly she ejaculated
and her female fluid squirted out of her in a long stream, the clip and wire on
her clit causing the stream to spread in a six-inch wide spray.  The spray
stopped and then was followed by a second stream a moment later.

Felix twisted the current knob down so the electricity stopped.  Dawn's body
slumped against her restraints and she had another ejaculation, spraying the
Blondes lower legs and feet, Felix' shoes and cuffs of his pants, and the floor.

Dawn convulsed one more time and collapsed from the exertion and force of her
orgasm.  Her head slumped forward; she hung from her elbows behind her back like
a dishrag.  The Blonde removed the alligator clip from her clit.  Felix unhooked
her nipples.  Ray and Alex unbuckled her cuffs.  Ray picked Dawn up like a baby
and carried her over to one of the sofas and laid her on it.  Dawn was promptly
asleep.  Ray got a blanket and covered her.

Felix had a quick meeting with the Blonde, Ray and Alex.  "She gave me the
information about the telephone sequence to reach the Mechanic.  I have my
people working on it now, but they do not feel we can do anything about it,
because it requires a callback from an answer machine.  That requires a message
from someone he trusts and a legitimate reason."

"What are we going to do?" the Blonde asked.  "And when the Hell did she tell
you this?"

"Before I got started," Felix answered.  "And we have no choice but to stay with
her and hope the Mechanic contacts her."

"What about Richard?" Ray asked.  "What happens when he turns back up?"

"We try to take him under our control," Felix answered.  "Use the girl as our
pawn.  Take her back to her hotel room now."

Ray picked up the sleeping Dawn and carried her out to a Lincoln parked in front
of the warehouse.  Alex and the Blonde got in the front seat; Ray and the
sleeping Dawn sat in the rear.  Dawn was snuggled up against Ray, still wrapped
in the blanket.  The Blonde was carrying her dress, bra and purse; the destroyed
panties had been thrown away.  During the drive to the hotel Dawn never woke. 
The Blonde went in the front lobby, Alex pulled the Lincoln over to a side door
that the Blonde opened in a few minutes, and Ray carried Dawn inside, still
wrapped in the blanket.  They rode a service elevator up to the twelfth floor
and went to her room, 1219.  The Blonde had gone through her purse and had the
key out, the door open, and Ray never slowed down as he swept her into the room. 
The Blonde pulled the covers back and Ray put her in the bed, covered her, and
they sat down.  In less than two minutes there was a slight knock at the door
and the Blonde let Alex in.  Alex sat on the sofa with the Blonde, Ray sat
backward in a straight back chair. 

"She is really something," Ray said admiring Dawn's sleeping form.

"She certainly is," the Blonde replied.  "I think we all are pretty attracted to
her, for different reasons."

"Or maybe for the same reason," Alex observed.

"Yes," the Blonde answered with amazement.  "Yes, maybe for the same reason."

"Are you a lesbian?" Ray asked.

"No," the Blonde answered.  "Although I have been attracted to a few women.  And
this definitely is one."

"Lets get some sleep," the Blonde ordered.  "In shifts, one stays awake.  No,
two people awake at all times."

"You get some sleep first," Alex told the Blonde.  "Ray and I will keep the
first watch."

The Blonde walked to the bed and started to get under the covers.

"You better take your clothes off," Ray said with a grin.  The Blonde looked at
him with a frown. "You do not want your clothes so wrinkled they look like you
slept in them."

"Your right," the Blonde answered.  She kicked off her shoes and took her blouse
off, and smelled the right sleeve where Dawn's love juices had soaked in.  She
smiled as she hung the blouse up.  She unzipped and pushed her skirt down over
her hips and hung it as well.  She had a long, svelte body.  She moved back to
the bed and climbed under the covers next to Dawn.  After some movement under
the cover, a pair of pantyhose was dropped on the carpet next to the bed,
followed quickly by a bra.

(Note from stories-online.net: This is all I have)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Tom Roper


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





