BDSM Library - Released




Released
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: It is the story of a sub who has her limits tested and fantasies fulfilled.
Released
         
by Mariah H
sensualwordz@aol.com




Released
         
by Mariah H
sensualwordz@aol.com

Today is the day i am released Released of all my inhibitions and fears   I have
often told you how i want to experiment and experience much but since i dont
know what  is out there and afraid that if i express my curiositys i will
bestuck with them wether or not i like them 

But we have talked for so long  that you know what my limits are and I trust
that you will never put me in either bodily or mental harm and we agreed to this
day a while ago.

It is the day i become  just for today your sex slave  your personal toy We have
no safe word   because you know my actions and reactions to everything and i
know it is just for today and that we will talk about it all tomorrow

You pick me up at 9 am and as directed I have coffee ready  We sit for a  while
over the coffee me full of fearful anticipation, you just calm  as if today were
just any day telling me the trivia you heard on the radio mentioning that you
shopped yesterday in order to be ready for today  but would not tell me what you
bought or where you went

We are about to leave  whenyou take me in your arms and say  are you sure you
want this  In a very quiet voice i say yes  but wonder in my mind if ill really
be able to do whatever you say But at that moment  i realize yes i will  because
i have given you control and i cannot say no

Take your bra and panties off and leave just the dress on  we will worry about
what you wear later I comply  As soon as we drive a few blocks from my house 
you put a small collar around my neck and tell me your name is sir and that at
any time I want i can call you master I immediatly feel humble and accepted  and
grateful that you chose me as yours

I unzipper you and take you in my hands first then my mouth as we are driving I
want us both to feel all  Soon we are at your house  where i have been many
times  but as we enter the door you direct me to the bathroom and tell me to
shower and prepare myself for you  clothes will be waiting  if any You have
prepared well for me  as i find my favorite bathgel  with razor I do my legs and
underarms when i am aware you are watching me  dont do your pussy save that for
me you tell me When i comeout of shower  you tell me you will take me on a
lifetime of growth from child to woman and will take care of me till i can take
care of myself

You dry me,  put cream on me tell me the clothes are for when i am bigger but i
must first grow I am still wearing the collar and that is all as you take my
hand and lead me to the bedroom  where you proceed to blindfold me and place my
hands and ankles in cuffs on your bed   You tell me that my growth with you will
come with you using me as your toy and my acceptance of trust for you 

Just that thought brings wetness to me and you see my pleasure and you are
pleased by it   I smell a familiar scent and feel your hands carressing me with
body oil   it feels so good and you know it  but you dont stop there   your
hands takemy breasts inthem and you squeeze  barely touching my nipples     kiss
my mouth and pinch them as i jolt with feeling   i could come from just that
then your hands continue down my body   pausing at my inner thighs playing with
my nerve endings   suggesting that the next move will beto my pussy but you dont  
i hear you laugh  and i wonder if it isat me or with me but i dont carei try to
thrust my pelvis towards you to get more   i want you inside of me already  but
you are not ready for that

i feel hot onmy pussy  and then soft  andthen i feel the razor  asyou pull my
apart and shave me clean it feels so good to be inyour handsi feel your tongue
on my clean shaven pussy  and you tease my clit sucking it and flicking your
tongue on it i am almost ready to come and i say may i   not yet is your reply 
we have all day

you keep teasing me   by putting your finger just a little inme and i push at
you  but you give no more    I want to kiss you  and   you sense that  you
softly kiss me  allover letting me feel your love then putting your cock to my
mouth  i greedily take itwanting to suck your life into me as you sense my
urgency you take it fromme and make me beg for more please  please dont leaveme
like this i want more of you trying to squeeze mylegs togetherto stop from
cumming but it is hard with my legs cuffed apart  but imanage to hold back You
put a vibrator in me and turn it on to a med speed and i think you leave  i
cannot hear you there   but soon i hear you speak  as if tosomeone else  andthen
i hear the door close soon i hear your voiceagain telling me that if i am a good
girl then i can cum whenever i want to for one time only  so choose it well    
You ask if i am ready or so itthink itis to me that you speak  but your
voicedoes not sound so close so im not really sure  I feel your handsagain onmy
body   nipples pulled sucked  i want tocum but i know then i will get no more so
i hold off i feel the vibrator  even more now  i hold it tightly in me  as i
begin to feel the slight sting of a flogger across my nipples  my clit  my
nipples again myclit again and again till i am justaware of my desire  suddenly
you stop and you ask  are you sure you will do anything for me yes  oh yes 
anything 

Will you enjoy anything i do to you    yes aslong as you areenjoying it and i am
giving you pleasure you may do with me as you wish     i am yours

I feel your mouth go to my clit licking  with a gentleness  vibrator being moved
inand out of me   the gentleness becomes hunger and i am eatentill i can take no
more   please  please tell me to come  i hear your voice from afar  i told you
when ever youwant and isuddenly wonder  whois eating me but it is too good to
worry  and i gush and the sucking does not stop  i gush again  when i feel a
warmth flow over me  dont worry darling  it  is just my cum  i love seeing you
like this

spent  i lay there  a bit  you take the vibratorout  and clean me again  the
silence is broken by just thesound of the door again  i am dying was there
someone else here   bringing me to orgasm or are you playing tricks on me  

You untie me and remove blindfold    laying on the bed nextto the vibrator  is a
black short sheer dress  blackthong panties and high heels you direct me to
dress inthem  and walkaround in front of you showing how proud i am to beyour
sub  as i walk and watch your approval  i see a change of look on your face "do
you know that you spoke to me several times and did not remember my name   you
did not call me sir  and that is what i am to you " i am sorry sir i wont
forgetagain  I know you wont  maybe you arejust a bit too proud to remember who
i am and you are just thinking of your own pleasure  come here

Pull down your panties  but dont take them off and lay acrossmy knees little
girl  so you will learn  what i want from you this isnot for pleasure but for
discipline  and yes i will hurt you a bit  but i want you to remember

I feel so humiliated  but ido pull down pants    it isso wierdthat i am to be
punishedand humiliated and yet i am getting such a stirring again

You spank me harder andharder  till i whimper and you feel a few tears on my
face   have yo had enuf    Yes Sir  are you sure you will remember  Yes sir    
Ok now   rearrange yourself and puton makeup  we will go out for something to
eat

Yes sir      And you had your oppurtuniity to come whenyou wanted  now you must
have my permission from now on   Yes sir

as weareabout to leave you tellmeto put this new small vibrator in me  but not
to turn it on  and under no circumstances  am i to cum  my panties aretight enuf
that they hold itin tight and i am notafraid that i will lose it  

when in the restaurant  you order for me   light my cig   no one can tell what
is going on between us  but the waitressdoes smile when she hears me say 
thankyou sir

Now go powder your nose and turn on the vibrator while you are in there take off
your panties and believe in me   Yes sir  but i am trembling as iwalkback
frombathroom  it is vibrating  and im afraid that it will fall   so i squeeze
myself more and the feeling increases but i let it cause that way i am holding
it in me securely   during the course of lunch you touch me often warning me  i
amnot to cum till you say  we talk the usual small talk mebarely being able to
answer  you smiling that evil grin iknow so well   I love knowing you are
pleased by me   we leave  and go to the car  and as we stand atthe door to the
car you kiss me and say ok  cum now  my body breaks into a spasm and only your
mouth on mine hold back the scream as i feel the warmth gush down my leg    When
i open my eyes i seeseveral customers in the parking lot  watching us and i just
say to them witha smile  he is the best   

back to your house  you stand me in front of you and tell me that i please you
so well  you want to have others know how well i please you  and that youwant to
have someone watch us  can i do this      when you bring me to that height   i
want alsoto have an audience  someone who can see what i am capable of with this
man and this man alone Yes i say   sir   but please make it easy on me  you know
im a private person   You undress me again  tell me to put on garterand
stockings that are in room and come back to you I am counscious of my
appearancetill you kiss me and caress me with your hands  and i know i am
lovedfor what i am not for what ilook like

Again i am blindfolded laid onthe bedbut only my legs are tiedthis time you
tellme to have patience  and justthink of you    i hear the door again andwhen
you return youtell me to start playing with myself  and not to stop  no
matterwhat  you move me like a rag doll  i feel cold on me   hot on me wet on
mee  the crop the floggerand all the while i play and restrain myself  i smell a
banana and feelsomething putin me clamps put on my nipples   a glassto my lips  
a cig offered   all the while i am gasping from my desire you tell me then  that
we are being watched and offer me a bite of the banana  can you tasteyourself 
yes sir i can   can i please taste you

I only want whoever iswatching us to know how much of me is yours I suck you   i
gag a few times because i try to take all of you in you take out the flogger
again    and this time it is not so soft  but it feels so wonderful  because i
know you are showing someone   you reove my hand frommy clit and  enter me  with
your fingers playing with my ass with the other hand  soon you put your cockinme 
and you release my legs fromtheirbondage  I now feel free to fuck you i get on
you and ride you sweat pouringfrom me my hands holding your armsto keep me
steady  i still cannot see you   but i keep asking areyou oksir  i need to hear
your moans of desireand pleasure   you grunt and finally buck frantically along
with me and let out ayell and tell me to cumatthe same time    we finally
collapse   into each others arms

 after afew mins you tell me that there is one more show that we must put on

You again enter my soaking pussy with your fingers one atatime till my cunt is
filled with your hand   and my g-spot so stimulatedthat i think i am going to go
crazy  i thrashfrom sideto side wanting it to stop yet atthe same time  pushing
intoyou even further  finally i scream  pleasesir let me come now you are my
master and i needyou to tell me it isok   given permission i scream in spasms 
asi cum over and overagain when i finally can move or feel no more you slowly
remove your hand  you are soaked and i feel the hot liquid spurt out of me as
your hand allows it to Thank you Master I love only you Master and hope i did
right for you

You are tired too but you bringme something tosiponi am so parched  you light a
cig for me   you leave to bring glass for refill and ihear thedoor close again 
when you come back  you take off my blindfold    I will never know will I

(Note from stories-online.net: This is all I have)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mariah H.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





