BDSM Library - The Storm




The Storm
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: D/s based story of a rape, perhaps fantasy fulfilled involving 2 maybe 3 men and one woman.
The Storm
Mariah H. (sensualwordz@aol.com)




The Storm
Mariah H. (sensualwordz@aol.com)

It was threatening to storm all day long. One look at the sky, one turn  of  the
radio dial, one sniff of the damp stagnant air all pointed to a  doozy.   But I
was not going to be caught unaware like times in the past, when  all  i  had
were bruised shins and cold soup as a result of no electricity.

   This time i ran in and out all day thinking ways to make it fun and 
enjoyable and being the scatter-brain i am  everytime i thought i had  it all  i
had to run out again .

   Tie the dog close to the house so he could get into his shelter,   buy 
candles, home again, damn forgot matches, what good are candles without 
matches. Deli in other direction, cold cuts, bread and some salads, and  ooops 
almost forgot soda and beer,  Never know when a neighbor might stop in.   What 
else, What else??   Hmmm back to store again,  if we have no  electricity we 
have no tv  so let me get a couple of magazines to skim through, Maybe  even  an
x-rated one.  Been a bit long for me.  Damn Cliff and his new job,   taking  him
away for weeks at a time.

   Well dashing out of my car just as the rain began, I dropped the  contents 
of one wet bag, scattering the contents all over the garage floor,  bending to 
pick them up i also reached for my keys and saw they too had dropped.   "Thats 
strange" i thought as i wondered how did they drop when i thought i had  them 
in my pocket. "Well i guess with the running back and forth i forgot  where i 
put them."


   Gathering what i could in one arm  I opened the door with the free  hand.    
What my brain screamed  I opened the door    why wasnt it locked.     Oh that 
damn scatter brain of mine again   with all the running in and out in  and out 
i just forgot to lock it   thats why my keys werent in my pocket too    
scatterbrain!!!


   Finally, in the house, settled as good as i could be called settled,  I 
stripped out of my wet clothes, threw on a sexy teddy, and settled in  for a  
laughing as i thought, long winters nite.  Not the kind that Santa  thought of 
though.   I had enuf batteries for my toys, enuf food and soda for my  leisurely
look through my magazines and the dog locked away as to not  disturb  me..   Ok,
there they go ,Lights flickering  then off    just as i  figure  thats it  they
come on again.   Whats that noise,   Oh  there goes the  imagination again, its
probably the refrigerator resetting.

Well, i dont even have to go in there except for ice  which can wait  for now.

   Food handy,  magazine at the ready i start to go about lighting  candles  and
some inscense for an added pleasure. My living room and my  adjoining  bedroom
are bathed in scents and light that set the mood that i desire  at the  time.  
I can play with a few fantasies in my head and think of Cliff  while  im at it. 
The wind is whipping so hard on the windows and the sound of  the  rain pelting
on the outside of the air conditioner acts as a metronome  numbing my senses and
just lulling me into daydreams.   A loud slicing  crack  of thunder followed by
the erratic flash of lightening wakes me from my  stupor.   Well let me get some
of that soda and ice now.   Im ready for  something to eat.

The walk to the kitchen was neat, no more bruised shins for me, plenty  of 
light even if it was dancing on the walls.  Made me feel warm, to be  alone in 
my house in the midst of a raging storm.   Ah  did it again , Never can  plan 
right, I forgot to put candles in the kitchen   Oh well when i open 
refrigerator the light will come on.   Duh there i go again. I  laughed  out 
loud at myself when  i heard an echo.   Well not quite an echo it sure  wasnt 
my high pitched nervous laugh and it sure wasnt the refrigerator this  time.   
I began to freeze, except for my stomach which was getting sick with  fear.   
Thinking i had a flashlight on the table  i started to grope in the  blackness 
for it when my hand was gripped by an icy steel wrist and a blinding  light 
shone right in my eyes.    "Is this what you are looking for, Bitch."    My 
keys,  my door, the noise.  Thoughts jumbled throught my mind as i felt  the 
searing tears of terror burn their way down my cheek.   A sharp smack  to the 
face with a warning   "Shut up bitch, and tears dont belong in my  world.  My 
world i watching you strut around here in those little whatever you  call them 
things   nighties or teddies or something   and never thinking about me 
outside,   seeing you.  Alone,  playing with yourself"

   The voice, now i remember fool that i am, buying beer in case a  neighbor 
stopped in.  He sure did, well maybe then i can reason with him. The  flashlight
tossed to the floor, an eerie light cast across the room,  showing  me his boots
and jeans and a few empty cans of beer. How long has he  been  here.  Just as i
was getting control of myself and thinking i could get  out  of this my world
was encased in a pillow case a set of hands was tying  something around my neck
securing that i would not see and barely hear  but  then another set of hands
began to bind my wrists to  something  almost  reminded me of a broom handle or
something  but they were held above my  head  and apart from one another.  Now
my tears flowed freely but i was  afraid that  my short breaths accompaning my
sobs would cut off my air supply so i  counted  to ten and told myself this was
a play fantasy  not real  something  would  happen to help me.   the lights
would come on, the dog would come in    I just  couldnt face that i was
helpless.   The thing around my neck felt like  a dogs  run  a choker thing you
use when you want to teach the dog not to go  too far.   if i moved closer to
the neighbor it felt looser but if i backed away  it  tightened.  I took a step
closer when i felt it yank me  almost making  me  lose my balance now something
was being put on my ankles  and they too  were  spread apart and tied to
something firm.  Oh the insanity   i was about  to be  manhandled and i was
thinking of that magazine i had, and getting wet  while  at the same time
wanting to scream for help.   I heard laughter, and  could  smell by the beer
breath that the mans face was in mine.  "Can you hear  me,  Bitch."  a bare
whisper made it through the cloth that was keeping me  from  reality.  " I plan
on making a few of those fantasies come true,  are  you  game?"    I nodded then
shook my head   I didnt even know what he was  asking  i just wanted to be safe.  
Two sets of arms lifted me right off the  floor  and carried me, prone and taut
by my fear, placed me on my bed, (I  think)   I  could smell the incense and
could imagine the candle light flickering  across  my bed and didnt really want
these men there.

   Reality crept in real fast when a hand grabbed my breast and started  to 
roughly fondle it and another hand softly caressed the inside of my  thigh. I 
heard a click somewhere far off in in the reaches of my mind and felt  my 
teddie falling away from my body. Buttons were popping off, the feel of  cold 
steel was upon my breast now where once the hand touched.  A sharp  feeling to 
my nipple cold but sharp and i knew it was a knife and not a little  kitchen 
one but something that could main me for life. I dared not move, even  my 
breathing stopped lest my breasts would heave. The cold leaves and is  replaced
by a warm soft mouth suckeling on my nipple while fingers  pinched my  other
nipple. Oh my God   i am getting so hot   so wet   so afraid   What do  they
intend.  One minute i think they will kill me,   rape me,   ravage  my  body and
leave it for waste and the next minute i am being made love  to,   softly.  A
hand smoothes across my head, comforting me, making me feel  safe,  lulling me
into that netherland again, where there are only dreams.  dreams  that are
broken by the smack of a hand across my pussy and the snaps of  the  crotch
being torn apart with a vicious vengence against  I dont know  what.   Fingers
rammed into my pussy tell my captors of my dilemma. the wetness  reveals all yet
the trembling does too.  I wish at this time i could  just  disappear into that
netherland where i can find safety from my mental  insanity,   I want these men
to take me,  to do all the things i am  afraid  they will do yet i am terrified
that they will.  As my mind admits that  i am  overcome by a wave of an orgasm,
My body yelling to these men to do  what they  are here for.Oh, They hear me
well, The arms that were moments ago just  lazing above my head are pulled high
above and somehow held tight i  imagine  by my bed posts and my legs are spread
even further, I am propped up  with  pillows till my pussy is higher than the
rest of me. like on display.  My  wetness begins to seep out, I feel it drip to
my ass. Again a hand  caresses  me.  My inner thighs strain to feel them, my
pussy pushes further  toward the  end, my ass clenches against my desires. I
feel my tongue flick across  my  lips within its bounds. I forget that what i
cant see, they can.  I  hear the  sounds of zippers opening, of clothing being
removed.Then silence.   I  lay  there   i dont know how long, again torn,  what
do i want,    am i  crazy, am  i just a fucking addict and when ive gone too
long without, ill accept  and  even desire any old cock?


   The silence broken by the sound of a pop top releasing the smell of  a  fresh
beer.  Oh, please dont drink, i think, dont be drunk and hurt me,  just  do what
you came to do.  But no the ice old can finds its way to my  pussy, I  recoil
from the coldness but cant go very far, when i am just getting  used to  its
numbing feeling it is taken away and quickly replaced with the drip  of  fire,  
the candles, oh my God, i jolt and jolt and the drip quickens  covering my
pussy, hands hold my lips apart and then my clit is given  the can  treatment, I
know what comes next, Can I take it. I am dripping from my  cunt,  I cant
contain it. My tits have a mind of their own and they stretch  towards  that
lost mouth. I do not find it but instead am treated to the heat  again  all
around my nipples drip, drip, searing then just warmth, a tongue to  lick  my
cream sets me on fire again, the ropes tighten so that i can not  even move 
myself towards these marvolous feelings. I am as bound as my dreams  have  freed
me. Now i live them. My clit nibbled on, my nipples burning with  need,  I try
to let a cry escape me but i am hit again with the fear of  suffocating  and i
hold everything back.   I tell my body to stop reacting to  outside  forces and
focus on safety.  Are these men mindreaders or what   the  case is  cut away
from my mouth and nose and taped to cover just my eyes.   Breathing  freely, i
begin to relax.  Ha,  relax under these circumstances, can  that  even be done.
But i do   i breath slowly and let myself go back to  resting  mode.  One, 
two,, i breath and relax breath and relax, the strap  across my  breast comes as
a shock followed by ice on my nipple, followed by a  cock laid  across my lips,
I open my mouth to accept it and it is taken away from  me,    just rubbed
across my lips but not enough that i can have it where i  want it.    "You will
have all you want soon, bitch, but not till you are good  and  ready to beg for
it."   Where these fucking words came from I dont know  but  suddenly i heard my
self saying   Yes Sir.    "How perfect those words  are,  bitch,  lets see if
you understand what they mean"

   You will be given much pleasure as you seek if you give us pleasure  in 
return.  Yes Sir i reply again. "You will not be hurt in any way beyond  what 
you can take but i do expect you to take much."   Yes Sir, "Your  torment will 
end when our pleasure has been satiated." Yes Sir.  "You have been  given a 
taste of us, do you believe what i tell you about your safety?"  Yes  Sir.My 
voice quivering now,  All the while he is speaking  i feel,   I feel  sensations
all over my body. I feel softness then abrasiveness,  I feel  warmth then cold.
I feel fingers probing my pussy,  my ass, i have no  embarrassment any more over
my desires  i just let them go and they  escape me  in the form of a moan a gasp
a soft cry a convulsion of my cunt  followed by  another and another. The cock
begins to trace my lips again, i taste  this  stranger and want more, i thrust
my tongue to meet him but again he  pulls  away, my head held still i feel tape
or something drawn across my  forehead  securing movement, when the cock
returns, this time not teasing but  forcing  its way into my mouth, the fingers
pumping in, milking my pussy, my cum  an  unending waterfall of passion, I suck
slurp and drown in this mans  taste.  My  gag reflex takes over and i am told  
stop   suck it bitch  take from  it what  you want. But with the harsh voice
there is a softness in the plunging.   And  I, I relax my throat and take him
all in, my hands straining to fondle  his  balls but they can not move.
Something is inserted, rammed into my  wetness,  and it begins to vibrate. I am
invaded once again, this time something  goes  in my ass, which is ready to
receive anything at this time, it too  vibrates,  sending spasms of ecstacy
through my body. I suck deeper cannot get  enuf, The  cold sharp steel return,
this time to my clit,   Fear mixes with bliss    i  cry out, muffled by the
growing cock in my mouth.  With my scream is  his roar  and he releases his hot
cum in my mouth and i hungerly take it all,   licking  my lips to capture what
was almost lost. The tip of the knife drive me  further into my insantity and i
fear movement yet can not help bucking  into  him.  Now i know why i am so
tightly restrained. To protect myself from  myself, not from this strange
stranger, The vibrators together are  rhythmically pumped while vibrating, I
scream Please Sir    Please!!!    "What  is it you want, Little one?"  Please
fuck me!!!   "And where would you like to be fucked, Little  one?" Oh God,  
anywhere  just please fuck me   deep and hard   please let me  cum  Sir.  "What
a good girl you are asking,  but you have cum many times  before  and did not
think to ask then. Why do you bother now?"   Sir, I beg  you,  release me from
this, I cannot take it any longer,  "Oh yes you can,  I  told  you you will be
released from your torment when we are pleased."   Yes   Sir    What can i do to
please you. What can i do to please you both.    "Again, you  ask     when will
you plead   when will you beg   when will you offer  all of  you in order to be
released."  Is there anything left for me to offer i  wonder as i shake again
cum pouring from between my legs. My mouth dry,  i  cannot plead any more  i
must find release but i cant cum, not till i  properly ask and receive
permission. The pillows are replaced by the body of the man i cannot see  he
forces  himself into my ass. I am wet enuf no lube needed this time, my 
breathing  comes in gasps  i want to scream , i cannot,  i can only whisper,   
please    please!  Oh god,   how can i want more  but i do. And I get it too,
the  other  stranger plunges his cock into my waiting pussy. Finally  i scream
and  scream    Please now,  dont stop   stop i cant stand it   let me cum     
stop    more    deeper   harder    i fall into a frenzy.   When i hear a voice 
whisper into  my  ear.    Cum now my sweet,  you have earned it.   I explode and
hear  the  men explode.   I scream and throb and hot searing cum pours in me 
out  of me   and on me.    "You have missed me, Little sweet one?   Master is
home.    Thank You Cliff, my master,  I love you"

The END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mariah H.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





