BDSM Library - The Seduction of Bill




The Seduction of Bill
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A shy young man is seduced by an older dominant woman who lures him into foot worship and to service her strap-on dildo.
The Seduction of Bill

Written by: Dianna Vesta




The Seduction of Bill

Written by: Dianna Vesta

I watched him stroll across the parking lot of the shopping mall. His timid
gaunt frame gliding like a bird in flight. He held a small shopping bag in his
grip as he approached his Ford Tempo. You could see the sweltering heat vapors
rise from the pavement. I sat in my air-conditioned car watching him get into
his. I waited for him to start his car and begin driving away before I put my
car in drive and began following him.  He pulled up to the traffic light that
led onto the highway. I was parked right behind him. He had no reason to suspect
that anything was wrong. I glared at his head through his rear window and
watched him fooling around with the dials on his radio. I read his bumper
stickers, "NIN", "PROGRAMMERS WILL RULE THE WORLD! " - no doubt this kid was a
computer geek. I guessed he was in his early twenties or he was younger and
looked older.

The light changed and he began a left turn onto the highway. I followed him.

I had been following him all week. I first spotted him at a record store. He was
thumbing through the alternative section and I stood behind him in classical. I
watched the sale girl walk up to him. "Can I help you?" She asked him. It took
nearly 60 seconds for him to say "No Thank you" and when he did he stuttered. I
watched his face turn two shades of pink and he dropped the CD he was looking at
as he watched her walk away. He was a nerd. A very shy nerd. Just the type I'm
looking for.

I knew where he lived and worked. He attended college at a near by university. I
watched him there too. He didn't seem to have many friends. Actually he rarely
spoke to anyone. He lived in an apt. Studio attached to a house and I never saw
anyone leave but him. He lived alone. This was perfect for my plan. I felt
confident the time was right and that he was the right one. This needed to
happen soon. It was just a matter of time before he spotted me and realized I
had been following him.

He pulled into a Mobil station. I pulled around to the other side of the pumps.
I decided that this would be the time. I got out of my car, walked over the
pump, stuck the nozzle in the tank's opening and began pumping. I could see him
doing the same thing right next to me. I stepped over to the front of my car and
pretended to open my hood.

"Damn it!" I shouted.

I got his attention. "Could you please help me with this?" I asked.

He walked over and opened it right away. He barely looked at me. I could tell he
was nervous.

"Don't you work at the mall?" I asked him.

He nodded a yes but barely acknowledged me.

"I thought so. I see you around a lot. You must live around here too."

He nodded again. He still wasn't looking at me. He stood there unable to move or
speak. I walked over to him, placed my hand on his chin and directed his eyes to
mine.

"You don't need to be shy. I won't bite you...at least not hard!" I joked and
smiled wickedly. I watched his face change colors and I felt his tremble in my
hand. "Can't you speak?" I asked while still looking him straight in the eyes.
It took him a few moments to gain his composer.

"Yes, Ma'am, I can speak." He answered.

"That's wonderful and what is your name?"

"Bill."

"Well, Bill, my name is Dianna. Why don't you follow me to Starbucks for a cup
of coffee?"

He nodded a yes. I was happy this was turning out to be so easy. I finished
pumping, got in my car and started to drive. I watched in my rearview mirror to
make sure he was following me. I didn't want him to escape now. It would ruin my
plan.

I pulled out into the street and headed south bound towards Starbucks. He
followed behind me. I could tell he was nervous by the way that he drove. He had
both hands on the wheel and his nose close to the wheel. I knew his heart was
racing and the thought of this made me wet. I could bathe in his fear and savor
every drop.

I pulled in and parked the car. He parked his Tempo next to me. We walked into
the coffee shop together without a word. The counter was crowed and there were
only a few tables left.

"Why don't you grab us a table and I'll get these? What would you like?"

"I'll have whatever your having." He answered and went to search for an open
table.

I watched him as he walked away. He seemed eager to please or at least this was
the impression I was getting. I certainly know how to pick them! I turned and
ordered two cappuccinos.

I have always liked being in control. It's like an addiction for me. The more
vulnerable my conquest the better. I enjoyed watching a man shake and blush. It
meant that I affected him. I could have any man I wanted. Men often approach me
but I'm just not interested in the average man. I want a man who is easy to mold
into what I want him to be, submissive and attentive to my needs. My needs are
very complex on a sexual and emotional level. I know I'm not like most women.
How boring that would be! Some people might call me sick. I call it creative.

I work for a very prestigious Fortune 500 company. I can't take risk. I'm
independent and aggressive. This isn't a secret. I don't share my dark secrets
with anyone. I prefer calculated discreet encounters. Many times it would take
months planning the right event and picking the right male to serve my kinky
ways. I always made sure to keep my distance and pick males who weren't a threat
to my job and lifestyle. I avoided married men because I found it frustrating to
be denied. If I wanted a male to bring me something in the middle of the night I
didn't want to hear excuses.

I had a few males in town who I toyed with but I was growing restless and needed
a change. It was time for something fresh.

I walked over to the table with the cappuccinos in hand. Bill stood up and
pulled my chair away from the table. "What a good sign! A well mannered boy!" I
thought to myself as I sat down scooting my chair closer to his. He was very
aware of this and I noticed him shaking when he sat down. His hair was a medium
brown with a short buzz cut. He had fair skin, hazel eyes and the most beautiful
full lips I had ever seen on a man. I imagined those fat lips around my toes
sucking away or my vagina pressing down on them like a soft pillow while I
smashed my clitoris into his parting mouth as he gasped for air. It was always
nice meeting someone new and to feel the excitement of the hunt. Anticipating
the moment when you'd finally realize the fantasy.  I could get lost in the
mental aspects of it allowing it to completely fuck my mind. The most important
part of my lust was fueled by the psychology of my prowl. If my mind wasn't
stimulated my body would never follow.

"Bill tell me about your family. Do they live in the area too?"

"No, my parents died about 5 years ago in a car crash."  You could hear the
sadness in his voice.

"I'm sorry to hear that. You must have relatives close in the area looking after
you?" I didn't mean to sound condescending but I realized after I spoke that I
did.  

"I have a grandmother who I lived with up until last year. She lives in New
Haven, Connecticut. I moved here to go to college."

"Oh that's far away. You must miss her and feel very alone here all by
yourself?"

He smiled for the first time. "No, I don't miss her that much. She's getting
very old and cranky. It's actually nice being out of the house and on my own. I
get lonely but I'm very busy."

"That's too bad." I said.

"Huh?" he replied looking at me.

"I mean about being lonely. Don't you have a girlfriend?"

I thought I frightened him with that question because he turned two shades of
red and looked away. After a long pause he just nodded no.

"I can't imagine that a handsome young man like you doesn't have a girlfriend or
women chasing you!" I teased knowing I might be pushing him to hard. I'm not the
shy type and I've been known to be pushy.

He continued to look around the room blushing and barely looking at me. Once
again I grabbed his chin with my hand and pulled him into eye view.

"Bill, don't be shy. I'm just curious. I'd like to spend some more time with
you. Is that possible?"

Still fixed in my stare he nodded yes.

I changed the subject and we finished our coffee talking about computers. He
loved to talk about computers. I listened to him babble about programming and
the projects he was working on. When he talked about Perl (a programming
language) his eyes lit up and he became very excited. I would need to find a way
to get him as excited over the things I was going to do to him. It's a process
in taking a male to a place he has never been before and teaching him not only
to enjoy it but also to become addicted to it. This addiction would fuel new
adventures and soon he'd find himself helpless to my dark passions. He would
never deny me anything or he would risk the worse punishment of
all...banishment.

"What do you have planned for this evening, Bill?"

"I was going to work on a new script. Nothing real exciting."

"Would you like to have dinner at my house tonight?" I asked.

"Ok, sounds good." He was feeling more confident and pretending to be
nonchalant.

"Great. Here are directions to my house. Be there at 7PM sharp. Come dressed as
you are." I wrote directions on a small piece of paper I found in my handbag.
Purposely I pretended to drop my pen on the floor and then waiting for Bill to
pick it up. He bent down and reached under the table. I felt his eyes on my
black seamed stockings. As his hand reached over for the pen I moved my
high-heeled foot over and slightly stepped on his hand forcing onto the floor.
He became very still. I giggled at him.

"Looks like you're trapped." I teased.

He nodded yes. He just remained there still waiting for me to lift my foot and
release him. He seemed to enjoy my game. When he sat down he adjusted himself to
hide his lap. No doubt he was trying to hide a hard-on. Poor boy.

At this point he was going to show up or not. After our good-bye I rushed home.
I took a long bath shaving my legs, trimming my pussy, giving myself a pedicure
and applying perfume in all the right places. I admired my curvy body in the
mirror. I'm not a waif model type but voluptuous with large full breast and
hips. My legs are strong and solid. I could easily crush a man between my thighs
if I wanted to. I work out with weights and it shows. My quads and hamstrings
were well defined. Carefully I wrapped the sheer black stocking around my toe
and gently guided it up my leg, high on my thigh and fastened the tops to a
solid black lace girdle. I loved the way the girdle tightly wrapped around my
hips. It was sexy. In my opinion much sexier then those frilly little thin
strapped garter belts. I stood in the mirror adjusting the seam that went up the
back of my leg. I loved these stockings. I ordered them by the case. I often
left them as prized trinkets for well-behaved boys.

I don't like bras. I enjoyed having my breast bare and the feeling of fabric
rubbing against my nipples. I slipped on a silky black dress with small buttons
going all the way down the front. I left the last 5 buttons unbuttoned exposing
my thighs. If I turned, just so, I'd reveal the tops of my stockings and
garters. I planned on seducing this young boy with all kinds of tricks. I'd lure
him into the spider's web and he'd be mine forever.

I glanced around the kitchen to see what I would prepare for dinner. I had two
bottles of Pinot Noir. "Would that be enough?" I thought. What if the boy didn't
like wine? Oh well, more for me. I giggled to myself and looked into my liqueur
cabinet to see what else I had. I had all the ingredients for a MudSlide. That
would certainly relax the boy! I pulled some cheese from the refrigerator and
sliced a baguette. After adding a rosemary crust I placed the rack of lamb into
the oven. I lit candles in all the rooms and prepared music I'd play for
evening. This was going to be hard since we didn't exactly share the same taste
in music. If he liked Nine-Inch Nails, he might find Depeche Mode interesting. I
pulled out the CD from my collection. There was a song I really liked on the CD
called "Master & Servant". I only hoped he wouldn't bring his CD's with him.

The doorbell rang. I slipped my 4-inch heels on and went to the door. There he
stood there all clean shaved and dressed. He held a bottle of wine in his hands
standing there like a boy on the night of his first prom. I invited him in and
took the bottle of wine from his hands. It was Pinot Noir. "Isn't that funny." I
thought to myself. I showed him to the candlelit living room and he found his
way to the sofa.

"Would you like a glass of wine?" I asked.

"Yes, please. Thank you."

I went into the kitchen and poured two glasses bringing the rest of the bottle
with me into the living room. I caught him looking at my CD's.

"Do you like Depeche Mode?" He asked.

"Yes, a few songs. I'm not much for alternative music but I heard that CD at a
party and bought the CD. Shall I play it for you?"

He nodded as he reached for his wine. He seems much more relaxed. I wondered if
he had a bottle of wine before he came over. All that changed when "Master &
Servant" played. I jumped right to that song skipping the beginning of the CD.
It was apparent that he knew the song. His cool composure changed back into the
nervous nerd boy I had been stalking the past few weeks. This is how I liked
him. I didn't enjoy males who got too comfortable. I preferred them walking on
eggshells. He listened to the song and drank his wine.

"We have the same taste in wine. Do you like red wine?" I asked. We both sat
next to each other on the sofa.

"Yes, I love red wine. My mother drank red wine. This was her favorite."

"It's mine too." I replied. He was a mama's boy. Very sentimental young man. "I
hope you also like lamb. I made a few racks. Let me go get some cheese to nibble
on."

I returned back to the living room to find him reading the lyrics on the jacket
of the CD. I sensed he wanted to be sure of the words to "Master & Servant".


There's a new game
We like to play you see
A game with added reality
You treat me like a dog
Get me down on my knees
We call it master and servant
We call it master and servant
It's a lot like life
This play between the sheets
With you on top and me underneath
Forget all about equality
Let's play master and servant
Let's play master and servant
It's a lot like life
And that's what's appealing
If you despise that throwaway feeling
From disposable fun
Then this is the one
Domination's the name of the game
In bed or in life
They're both just the same
Except in one you're fulfilled
At the end of the day
Let's play master and servant
Let's play master and servant
Let's play master and servant
Come on master and servant

"What song are you looking at, Bill?"

He quickly closed the case and said "Nothing really. Just looking." He was
nervous and didn't expect me to walk up behind him.

After killing one bottle of Pinot Noir , I invited him to the dining room. I
went to kitchen and returned with our meal. I picked up my folded napkin and
shook it open and then dropped it on the floor. He looked up at me for a moment
having a very nervous gaze and then quickly knelt on the floor to pick it up.
Once again I lifted my foot and placed it on his hand. His body quivered.

"Do you like my spiked heels?" I asked.

He nodded yes.

"So you like my stockings?"

He nodded yes again.

"If you look closely you can see yourself in that black patent leather. Why
don't you have a look."

He drew his face closer to the shoe and stared into it.

"Perhaps it's smudged. It probably needs to be cleaned." I suggested. I saw him
lift the napkin to my shoe to wipe it and then suddenly his tongue quickly
escaped his mouth to lick the top of the shoe. He then began wiping the shoe
with the napkin. I moaned.

"I love having my feet touched and kissed. When you licked my shoe it really
turned me on. Will you do that again?" I asked.

He lifted my shoe up by placing his hand gently around my ankle and with his big
beautiful lips he began kissing my shoe. His tongue would occasionally lick the
tops and before too long I felt his lips on my ankle. He was very skilled at
this game and I wondered if he had ever done this before.

"You are a pro at this. You've must have had lots of practice."

He nodded no and continued to adoringly worship my shoe and foot.

"Why don't you take that shoe off and let me feel those divine lips of yours on
my bare foot?"

He gently slipped my shoe off and began kissing and sucking my stocking toes.
The warmth and wetness from his mouth made my pussy wet. I lifted my dress up
revealing my garters.

"I want to feel your tongue on my bare flesh. Come up here and remove my
stockings."

He complied. At first he fumbled with the garters unable to figure out how they
came undone. I helped him with the first one and he finished the rest.

"Slowly roll them down and kiss every inch on my exposed leg all the way to my
feet."

I was amazed at the expertise he used. Only a fetishist revels in this type of
worship. He was into it and I knew his cock was hard. I took my other foot,
slipped off my shoe and planted it on his crotch. I was right. He was so hard I
felt the blood rushing in his penis. I could feel that he had a large cock and I
imagined the swollen veins. The more excited he got the more intense he became
with his sucking and kissing. He placed all five toes into his mouth and sucked
hard. The excitement was driving me nuts. It was time to see what else the boy
could do with his mouth. While he knelt on the floor I unbuttoned the top of my
dress and pulled it away from my breast. I reached down and broke the suction he
had on my toes. I pulled his head towards my breast. He quickly resumed his
adoration and began suckling my breast. His large hands caressed my breast as he
sucked, licked and nuzzled them like a starving baby.

I felt my pussy drip and I knew the back of my dress was wet. I reached between
my legs and rubbed my bare shaven crotch loading my fingers with the slippery
sweet juices. I brought my hand up to his mouth as he suckled my nipple and
placed my fingers into his mouth. He licked my fingers drinking the savory
nectar. I couldn't stand it any longer. I needed to have an orgasm. I pushed the
boy's head down between my legs. As he knelt there, on the floor, I felt his
wonderful lips against my vagina slurping the juices from me. His thick tongue
darting inside me and he began sucking my clit. His enthusiasm really turned me
on. He was a natural born lover. It's always the quiet sweet and shy boys that
make the best lovers. Within minutes my body shook and I shot all over his face.
His cock still raging under my foot.

I pushed him away with my feet. "Wait here. I'll be right back."

When I returned from the other room he was still kneeling. A good sign. I stood
over him majestically. I loved the feeling of a man kneeling before me as I
tower over him. He looked up at me with magical eyes. A look of total
subjugation. He was exactly where he wanted to be and it showed. Rarely am I
wrong in finding these rare treasures. He would deny me nothing. I had the key
to his darkest secrets and he would remember this night forever.

"Thank you." He whispered.

"We're just getting started, Bill. I have a surprise for you. There is something
you must do for me. Something that really turns me on. If you do a good job I'll
get excited again and then I'll take away your virginity. I trust you are still
a virgin, right?"

He blushed and then nodded yes.

"Good". I lifted my dress and out popped a large dildo strapped on to a harness
around my hips. "I want you to suck my cock and then I am going to fuck you with
it."

A look of terror filled his eyes and for a moment his pulled away. I grabbed his
head by the hair and pushed my cock into his face. "Don't disappoint me, boy!"

Bill slowly placed his lips around my strap-on and lightly sucked the silicone
shaft. "You can do better then that!" I announced.

With that he sucked more aggressively. I watched his big fat lips glide up and
down the shaft. I felt my pussy get excited again. I wanted to fuck him in the
ass and fill him with my cock. I lifted him from the floor and after undoing his
trousers I yanked them down around his ankles. I then turned him around and
positioned him over the dining room chair he once sat in.

"Just relax. I won't hurt you. If you tense up it will hurt. You're going to
enjoy this as much as I am."

I squeezed lubrication onto my hand and all over my cock. I slid the slippery
cock up and down the crack of his ass, teasing him, yet never entering him. I
reach forward and wrapped my hand around his large raging cock. I felt it
throbbing and I knew that if I weren't careful he'd explode too soon. I teased
him until I felt his hips rock. I placed the tip of the dildo at his anal
doorway and kept it there still....barely parting the puckered ass flesh. I
stroked his cock and his hips continued to move. I watched his ass opening
inviting the cock inside. I kept the cock still and watched him ride down the
shaft. He was already two inches on my dildo. I pushed slightly entering him
another inch. He loved being fucked. He just didn't know it. I knew that if I
continued much longer I'd loose his fabulous hard-on. I worried that he'd come
too soon. I pulled the dildo out of his ass slowly.

"Lie down." I instructed.

He lied down on the floor. I took a leather cock ring and tightly placed it
around his cock and balls. This would, hopefully, keep him from coming too soon
or the bondage will set him off quicker. No sooner did I snap the second snap he
shot off like a rocket. Fearful he began to apologize.

"I'm so sorry. Please don't be angry at me." He pleaded.

Disappointed I looked down at him and threw the napkin still on the floor at
him. "Clean it up!"

Amazingly his cock was still rock hard after he came. His youth did him justice.
He wiped the hard cock clean. As he wiped his cock I took the strap-on cock off. 
I then mounted his face smashing my pussy down onto his lips. I moved my pussy
lips all over his mouth. Once again I felt his tongue enter my vagina. My pussy
felt like it was vibrating as I rode his face with my wet dripping pussy. He
didn't waste a drop. I pulled myself off his face and moved my hips down to his
raging hard cock. I placed the tip of the cock inside me and slowly slid down
its shaft. His cock was hot and hard. I felt him inside me and I moved up and
down. I felt another orgasm building and just before I collapse on top of him he
looked up at me and asked, "May I please cum?" I couldn't talk at that moment so
I nodded yes and while I lay on his chest feeling the release of my own orgasm I
felt hot virgin fluid gushing inside me. Moments after we were still. I lied on
top of him feeling his heart pounding through his chest.

We got up and took a shower.

"Bill, why don't you heat up our dinner and bring it to the bedroom."

With a towel wrapped around his lean body he nodded and started towards the
kitchen.

"Wait, before you go, come here." I ordered.

I opened a drawer in my chest and pulled out a pair of silk stockings and a
garter belt. I fastened the garter belt around his hips and motioned him to sit
down while I put the black silky stockings on him. "Do I have to wear this?" He
asked?

I looked at him with a glare that answered his question. "You will be whatever I
want you to be. My lover, slave, bitch and my whore. Do you understand, Bill?"

He nodded yes and strutted away to the kitchen.

It's been two months since that day. Bill immediately leaves school and comes to
my house to do his chores or give me whatever kind of pleasure I want that day.
He's really an excellent slave but it seems as though he's getting too close and
too comfortable. I'm getting bored of him. It's time to go hunting again. Poor
boy...he'll never be the same.

The end
Dianna Vesta (c) 2000





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dianna Vesta


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





