BDSM Library - School Girl




School Girl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The only course for this girl was feeling the pain. All her classmates were willing to help their headmistress and make sure she performed well.
School Girl

unknown author




School Girl Part 1


Karen frowned as she opened the door to her room at the end of
the day.  She  had been at The Covenant Boarding School for Young
Women two weeks now and was terribly homesick.  She hated it!  Why
did her parents have to get divorced?  And then to pack her off to
this School while they fought over their possessions was no fair. 
She missed her old house, with its stables out back and its open
meadows stretching for miles.  She thought longingly of how she
used to saddle up Countess, her mare, and ride for hours, the wind
pulling her long auburn hair out behind her, her trim thighs
clenching and unclenching to the natural rhythm of the horse. 
Sometimes she would bring a basket of food, maybe some bread and
cheese with a little wine snuck out from the wine cellar, and lay
out among the grass, eating and sipping the wine, and imagining the
clouds above her were imaginary lovers come to take her away to
imaginary lands of beauty and fullfillment.


   She even missed her old high school, Bokker, pronounced Boker,
High.  She hadn't liked it too much, but managed to get mostly B's
with a couple of A's her freshman year; and her Sophmore year was
shaping up to be a great one before her parents had decided to
destroy everything.  She had been assigned the same classes as her
best friend Sandy, and she had just begun to become interested in
a "guy," as Sandy would say.  She had even made the second to last
cut on the cheerleading squad.  She hadn't expected to make it, of
course, since she was only a sophmore, but it was fun, and she
loved the exercise.


   But now she was _here_, she thought as she dropped her bag on
her desk and flopped down on her bed, her plaid, checkered skirt
flying up to reveal trim, well-muscled thighs, just losing their
tan and becoming once more their natural creamy ivory.  Her auburn
hair, now, away from the sun, a darker brown, fell in a halo about
her face, framing it.  A year ago her face might have been called
boyish, but it had been softened by her maturation:  her small,
squarish chin had given away to a rounder, almost dainty one,
perfectly accenting her full, dull pink lips;  a small, sharp nose
filled out, and revealing some old asian blood, did not turn up,
instead remaining faintly southern European in look.  Large brown
eyes, which also revealed a hint of Asian blood, sat above high
cheekbones and pale, full cheeks, completing the picture.


   Everything, she had to admit, wasn't so bad here.  It was a
great school, with fully 80% of the girls going on to an ivy league
school.  And the accomidations were great.  She shared a nice large
room, larger than her room at home, with Su Lee Chen, who, because
she too had joined the school midsemester, had quickly become her
best friend there.  The other girls at the school were not friendly
at all, but she thought it must be because they were new.  She had
seen a definate heirarchy among her fellow schoolmates, with the
senior and juniors bullying the freshman and sophmores.  Neither
she nor Su Lee had been bothered yet though, and Karen hoped they
would just be left alone.


   She thought again of Su Lee, and was glad she had at least some
company.  Not this weekend, of course, since Su Lee had been picked
up earlier in the day by her parents, but she would be back Sunday
night.  Su Lee, she reflected, was a small, attractive young woman,
four inches shorter than her own 5'6".  Karen envied her hair,
long, straight, black hair hanging down to her thighs, which she
kept in a french braid most of the time.  Her face was not
completely Chinese--Su Lee claimed her grandfather on her mother's
side was white--and it showed, lightening what would have been a
dark olive complexion to a mellower color.  Her eyes also revealed
the caucasian blood, being large and lidded.  Her body, though, was
typically asian, slim with small breasts (she wore a size A bra,
Karen thought, remembering when she had accidently thought it was
one of her own.  She herself had just switched to size B) and a
firm if flat behind.  She was not as athletic as Karen, but her
body showed the firmness of youth, and although at 16 she was a
year older than Karen, she looked two years her junior.


   She turned onto her side and looked at the clock:  7:00 o'clock. 
She sighed and decided she'd better start studying soon, since she
really had nothing better to do.  Sitting up, she started
unbuttoning her blouse with one hand while slipping off her shoes
with the other.  Shucking off her shirt, she stood and unclasped
her skirt, letting it fall down her shapely calves to the ground. 
She stepped out of it, and reached behind herself to unclasp her
bra while standing in front of her dresser.  When she had pulled
her bra off, she straightened and looked at herself in the dresser
mirror.  She was, she knew, attractive in a clean-cut, athletic
kind of way, her firm breasts, with medium-sized pink nipples,
perfectly porportioned with the rest of her body.  Sometimes she
wished she could have the willowy, exotic beauty of Su Lee, but she
shook her head and started to rummage around in her drawer for her
sleeping t-shirt.  She found it, pulled it over her head, and
smoothed it down until it fell to mid thigh.  She sighed, thinking
of the long, boring weekend in front of her, grabbed her
toiletries, and headed down the hall to the commen restroom.  She
was happy to find that none of the other girls were there, and
finished quickly to avoid them.  She made it safely back to her
room and sat down to study.  Three hours later she was tired and
burned out.  Leaving all her study materials on her desk, she
turned off the light and crawled into bed, almost immediately
falling asleep.


   She was dreaming...she was swimming in a large pool of water. 
She couldn't see the shore and she was very tired.  She slipped
under the water...she couldn't breath....  Her eyes popped
open--she couldn't breath!  Laying on her stomach, her face was
pressed into her pillow, suffocating her.  As she struggled, she
came fully awake and realized that someone was sitting on her lower
back and had pulled her arms behind her back!  Someone else had two
hands on the back of her head and was pressing it into the pillow. 
She panicked, thrashing around--what was happening to her, what did
these people want?  flashed through her mind as she felt a thin
cord being wrapped tightly around her wrists and quickly tied off. 
A hand on the back of her head gripped her hair, and a second later
her head was pulled high off the bed, straining her back.  As she
gratefully sucked in a mouthful of air and prepared to scream her
lungs out, what felt like a large rubber ball was pressed against
her mouth.  She reared back, almost dislodging the person sitting
on her back, but the hand gripping the back of her head pushed
violently forward, while the other hand slammed the ball into her
mouth.  She made gagging sounds around the ball as her face was
pressed back into the pillow, and she felt someone pull two straps
across her face and connect them behind her head.  She managed to
turn her face to the side, her mind a confused jumble, just before
someone sat on her head.  She felt the person sitting on her lower
back turn around, and she kicked her legs back, trying to hit him
or her.  The person just grabbed both her ankles and held them
against his or her body, and Karen felt the bite of a cord being
wrapped around her ankles.  Suddenly, the weight of the bodies was
off of her, and she started thrashing and grunting madly, trying to
free her hands or her legs.  She couldn't see her assailants in the
dark, but sensed movement as someone punched her hard in the gut. 
Her nostrils flared as she gasped for breath through the gag, and
they took advantage of her momentary disability by tying another
cord around her legs just above the knees.  Two pair of hands then
lifted her roughly and carried her across the room, dropping her
into a large laundry hamper on wheels.  The air rushed out of her
lungs with an oomph as she landed hard against the wooden bottom of
the cart on her hip and shoulder.  She looked up to see the dark
shapes of clothes fall over her trussed body.  She felt and heard
the cart start down the hall.


   She wimpered through her gag; what was happening to her?  What
did they want from _her_?  Her parents were wealthy, but not that
wealthy.  And where was she being taken?  Her wrists throbbed with
pain as the thin cord cut off the circulation to her hands, and her
legs ached for the same reason.  Her jaw was sore, unused to being
pulled so far apart. She squirmed around, trying to get more
comfortable, only scraping her bruised flesh against the wooden
bottom of the cart, driving painful splinters into her thighs and
back.  She moaned and started crying, softly sobbing into her gag. 
Suddenly she felt a cool breeze, and the wheels of the hamper
changed from a dull rolling noise to the staccio  chatter of
rolling across cobblestone.  She was outside, in the freezing
night; even through the pile of clothes on her her flesh raised
goosebumps, sending chills up and down her bound legs, and raising
her nipples to sharp points of hardness.  She shivered as she
sobbed.


   Without warning the nightmare ride was over and she sensed hands
lifting the clothes off her.  Lost in despair, she didn't know how
long she had been in the hamper, and she had no idea where she was
now.  She stopped her crying and waited fearfully for her
tormenters to reveal themselves.  Before all the clothes were
removed, the hamper tipped over, spilling her painfully onto a
hardwood floor, blinded momentarily by the bright lights around
her.  Lying painfully on her side, her legs bound together and her
arms tied behind her back, she blinked her large brown eyes, now
swollen with tears.  She turned awkwardly onto her back and peered
up into the faces of her Abductors.


   Karen registered shock as she saw Ingrid and Mercedes, two girls
from her school, standing over her.  Although both were wearing the
school uniform--plaid skirt coming down just above the knee and a
white blouse--they could not have been different in appearance. 
Ingrid was a Norwegan, her pale yellow, almost white hair cut into
a short bob, matching her face, which shone with a translucent
pallor.  Striking blue eyes stared out from a handsome face, a full
figured woman at 18 years of age, with a hard, strong, shapely
body.  She was a senior at the school, and her father was a
senator.  Now she stood her full 5'9" over Karen, and smiled
wickedly down at her.  Standing next to her was Mercedes, her
southern Italian blood showing her up even darker against the color
of Ingrid.  Mercedes was a slight, slip of a girl, standing only 5'
tall and weighing no more than 95 lbs, and Karen had always though
she was a bit mousy, with her wavy brown hair always pulled back
into a pony-tail and her small, angular yet pretty face adorned
with a pair of spectacles.  Now, without her spectacles, holding a
3" double bladed knife in front of her, and grinning bizarrly, she
looked frightening.  She was a Junior, and Karen remembered,
crazily, that she used to follow Ingrid everywhere.


   As Ingrid knelt down beside her and leaned over, staring
directly into her eyes, Karen felt a chill go through her body, and
tried to ask "what do you want?"  But all that came out was a
muffled moaning.  Ingrid smiled at her, revealing two rows of
perfectly white teeth, somehow frightening Karen all the more: 
"I'm sure you're wondering why you're here, aren't you, sweetie?"


   Ingrid smiled again as she reached down to caress Karen's cheek,
sending a shiver down her bound form.  She could not move, she was
petrified, a small bird caught in the icy blue stare of Ingrid's. 
Caressing the side of her face, Ingrid continued, "Well, to put is
simply, you're _ours_.  Actually, you're the seniors'.  We run
things around here, and we get to do whatever we like to little
snotty underclassmen like you."  She smiled again, sending more
shudders down Karen's spine, "And we've decided we're going to have
a little party, and you're the entertainment."  So saying, she
stopped stroking Karen's cheek and moved her hand down to her
stomach, slowly sliding her hand under Karen's sleep-T.


   Ingrid's hand felt like it burned as it lightly brushed her
stomach.  She tried to shrink away, and began shivering
uncontrollably.  This couldn't be happening to her.  They couldn't
be this cruel. "My poor little bird," Ingrid crooned, "are you
frightened?"  Glancing down at Karen's exposed stomach, "So firm,
so beautiful...."  Her hand moved higher, brushing gently against
the underside of Karen's breast.  "NO!" Karen screamed into her
gag, and began thrashing about, trying to roll away from Ingrid's
hand.  Please, Nooo! she screamed in her mind.  A sharp "smack"
echoed in her ears as her head was jerked to one side and fiery
pain filled the side of her head.  She became instantly still as
she stared up into Ingrid's glaring countenance.  "None of that,
you little bitch, or you'll get more pain than you can handle,"
Ingrid snarled.


   Resuming her easy posture, Ingrid turned toward Mercedes and
said, "I don't think our little Karen really understands her
position here.  Maybe a little caning will teach her."  Karen froze
at the word:  cane her?  Wasn't it enough that they had bound her
and were going to molest her?  Now they were going to cane her? 
She broke down, and started sobbing again through her gag. 
Ignoring her, Mercedes and Ingrid rolled her onto her stomach, and
Karen felt the knife cut through the cord on her wrists.  Pain
flooded her hands as circulation returned, and she groaned as two
strong hands took her wrists and put a leather cuff around each. 
They roughly rolled her over and clipped the cuffs together in
front of her, then dragged her to her feet.  Mercedes stood by her,
knife in one hand and the other helping Karen keep her balance, as
Ingrid walked over to the wall and began lowering a hook and pulley
contraption above Karen's head.  "Now be a good girl and put your
wrists over the hook," Ingrid said.  Meekly, keeping her eyes on
Mercedes and her knife, Karen did as she was told, and fell heavily
against her arms as Ingrid began pulling the hook up.  Soon she was
struggling to stand on the balls of her feet, straining the muscles
in her calves to save putting all her weight on her arms.


   Ingrid came over and said, "Cut her loose."  Mercedes quickly
cut the cords binding her legs, and she again fell against her arms
as feeling came back into her legs.  She regained her balance, her
calves and thighs burning with the effort, and stared in horror as
Mercedes brought the knife right before her eyes.  She shuddered in
fear as Mercedes slowly ran the knife down her cheek, across her
neck, and to the top of her sleeping-T.  Karen's heart nearly burst
when, with a quick motion, Mercedes brought the knife down, cutting
her T-shirt down the front.  A few more quick cuts at the arms and
her T fell to the ground.  She stood, stretched and bound before
her two classmates, her breasts standing out before their lewd
stares...she moaned in humiliation, her face turning red with
embarressment.  A slight breeze blew threw the room, causing her
nipples stiffen.  Mercedes brought her head down, and gently lapped
at her right nipple.  The warm, wet, pressure of Mercede's tongue
sent a shock through Karen, and she jerked back, trying to twist
out of the way, mincing on the balls of her feet to keep from
unbalancing again.


   Mercedes merely smiled cruely, and, grabbing Karen's underwear,
ripped them off mercilessly, causing Karen to swing out toward her
and land hard against her arms.  She regained her precarious
balance again as her two classmates stepped back to admire her. 
She was stretched taut, the strong muscles of her calves, thighs,
and stomach straining to keep her up on her toes, and her round
breasts firm against her chest.  Tears began running down her face
as they stepped close to her and began running their hands up and
down her body, sending chill shivers through her.  This couldn't be
happening.  It just couldn't.  It was all a bad dream, and she'd
wake up soon.  Please let it not be happening.  She closed her eyes
and tried to shut out the hands exploring her body, running over
her stomach, her back, her sides, caressing her breasts and legs. 
Suddenly she was brought back to reality by a sharp tug at her
mouth.  Ingrid was removing her ball gag!  Another quick tug and it
came all the way out, trailing her saliva behind it.


   She quickly swallowed and began pleading, "Please, let me go...I
won't tell anyone...Why are you doing this?...."  At which Mercedes
and Ingrid burst into laughter.  "Please...let me go..."


   "Shut up!" Ingrid commanded as Mercedes handed her a long
switch.  "I still don't thing you understand" she said as she
brought the switch swiftly across Karen's stomach.


   "AAAAAHHHGGGG!" she screamed as pain flashed through her and she
fell again onto her arms.  The world went fiery red for an instant
before returning to a dull throb through her midsection.  She
scrambled back onto her toes and stared in horror as she saw
Mercedes roll forward a video camera standing on a tripod and turn
it on.


   Slapping her switch gently against her palm, "Maybe this will
help you understand what your position is here.  You see, we tape
everything we do to you for the headmistress.  She likes to see how
her new students perform."  Smiling behind her, Mercedes picked up
another switch and walked around behind her.  As Ingrid said, "You
may begin,"  Karen's ass exploded in pain.  Throwing her hips
forward to escape the pain, they threw themselves into a blow from
Ingrid, burning across the front of her thighs.


   "AAAHHHH...NOOOO...AAAAHHHH...PLEASE...DON'T...AAAAAAHHHH...
STOP... PLEASE" she cried again and again, the switches landing
against her back, her breasts, her stomach, her thighs, biting into
her nipples, turning her whole body into one fiery mass of pain. 
She twisted and squirmed around on the end of the hook, unable to
escape the punishing blows of the switches as they flooded every
nerve in her body with unendurable pain.  After what seemed like an
eternity, she began to drift.  The pain raining down on her seemed
to spread across her entire body, leaving her in a sort of floating
numbness.  The pain was no longer pain...it was merely sensation,
feeling, engulfing her entire body, increased each time a blow
landed against her body.


   She heard distantly, "I think that's enough for now"--she had
stopped screaming a while ago, she did not know how long, and,
hanging against her arms, uttered only grunts each time she was
struck.  She felt her body being lowered to the ground, and two
sets of hands carry it to a large, cushioned table.  Her arms and
legs were affixed to cuffs in the corner, binding her
spread-eagled.  Gently hands ran across her body, sending shooting
signals of sensation through her as they brushed against her
bruised, reddened flesh.  Every touch seemed magnified a thousand
times by abused flesh, sending her higher and higher into a realm
of pure feeling.  It seemed as if she were looking down at herself
as Ingrid gently took her right nipple into her mouth and began
gently sucking, concentrating what was neither pleasure nor pain at
that one point.  Mercedes was leaning over the table between her
legs, stroking her inner thighs, and slowly, gently, placed her
mouth over Karen's vagina.  Her tongue snaked out and licked up and
down her slit, providing a counterpoint to the sensation at her
nipple.  Ingrid stopped and the sensation flooded into her groin,
then moved back as she began sucking at her other nipple.  She
began moaning softly as Mercedes pushed her tongue between her
labia, and a shiny coating of liquid greeted Mercedes as she probed
deeper.  Ingrid moved from nipple to nipple as Mercedes moved up to
Karen's clitorus, now hard and quivering, mimicking Karen's body,
which was emitting low moaning sounds from her mouth.  Mercedes
pressed her lips against Karen's clit and began softly massaging it
with the flat of her tongue, feeling Karen's thighs tense with this
new sensation.


   Karen did not know how long they caressed her body--she was
above it all, riding the waves of feeling which were slowly
increasing.  She sensed a pressure building up from somewhere,
slowly increasing, slowly drawing her back to her abused body,
criss-crossed with red marks and throbbing, throbbing.  Slowly the
sensations around her tightened, grew, and suddenly she was back in
her own body as the sensations became wave after wave of pure
ecstacy.  She screamed and bucked on the table, felt strong fingers
digging into her thighs and a quick tongue flicking her clit, felt
a mouth sucking almost painfully on her breast.  She beat her body
against the table, thrusting her hips forward and back, forward and
back, thrusting her chest up and down, up and down, as all the
sensations of the night, every feeling which had burned its way
through her nerves, came back to her as almost unendurable ecstasy. 
Slowly her orgasm broke, and her thrashing stopped, and she lay,
bound to the table, her chest rising and falling raggedly as she
sucked in great gasps of air.


     Ingrid and Mercedes, her face glistening with Karen's juices,
smiled at each other over Karen's prone body.  "What a slut,"
Ingrid said, tweaking Karen's nipple, bringing a twitching response
from her.  At Ingrid's words, shame and humiliation rushed through
Karen.  What had happened?  What had they done to her?  Her body,
covered with sweat, ached from the beating she had taken.  Between
her legs her thighs felt sticky and warm.  She shuddered in
revulsion at the way she had reacted.  The pleasure of a moment ago
was forgotten, and she began to quietly cry as she remembered her
body's betrayal, remembered the way she had screamed out during her
orgasm, thrashing about, no better than some worthless whore,
cumming uncontrollably, unstoppably.  She sucked in her lower lip
and thought:  maybe now they'll let me go...maybe now...please let
them let me go...please.


     She was interupted in her thoughts when she heard Ingrid say,
"I'm glad I asked a couple of my friends from Padduck over. 
They'll love this cunt."


     "Nooooo...," Karen moaned, "please...let me go...haven't you
done enough?"


     "Done enough?" Ingrid replied, "You loved it, you cunt.  I've
never  seen anyone pop her cork like you just did.  Hell, watching
you get your rocks off turned me on...hmmm...maybe I will send you
home for now; I'm sure Merc and I can take care of my friends.  I
do need a good fuck."


     "Wait," Mercedes broke in, "when I was sucking her off, I
noticed she's still a virgin."


     Surprised, "What, she hasn't been popped?  A slut like that?"


     "Nope, and I really want to see her get stuck for the first
time."


     "Why not?" Ingrid shrugged, "I'm sure the boys will have
plenty left for us.  Let's go get the bitch cleaned up for 'em."


     Noooo, Karen thought, wasn't it enough that they had beaten
her black and blue, that they had turned her body against her,
humiliating her?  Now they had invited men over to abuse her.  She
didn't know if she could take anymore....

     Ingrid and Mercedes quickly unclasped her arms and legs and
half-dragged half-carried her across the room and down a wide
hallway.  They pulled her unrestisting body through an open doorway
into a large shower stall with nozzles protruding from every wall. 
They reattached her wrist bands and, pulling her arms up and apart,
clipped them to the top edge of the stall.


     Karen let out a sharp cry as cold water instantaneously struck
her whole body.  She jerked her chin up to remove it from the
painful spray, and began shivering uncontrollably.  The hard,
pulsating spray felt like it was flaying her alive, driving against
her whipped flesh, sending ice cold sparks of pain through her
body.  Slowly though, the water began to warm, and her shivering
began to subside.  She noticed vaguely, through the spray blocking
her vision, Ingrid and Mercedes leaving the room.  Oh, God, let
them not come back, she thought, and began to relax for the first
time since she had been kidnapped that evening.


     The water helped, beating into her sore muscles, massaging her
bruised skin, sluicing down her stomach and thighs.  She became
more and more relaxed, and hung her head, letting the water beat
against her scalp.  She slumped down and began to doze off, the
tensions of the evening, as well as her own orgasm, draining her of
energy.  After she did not know how long, the water snapped off,
and she raised her head groggily.  Standing before her were Ingrid
and Mercedes.


     Ingrid stood bare-footed, attired in black stockings held up
by a black garter belt.  Bikini leather panties barely covered her
pubic hair, and her stomach was bare.  A black bustier squeezed her
large, round breasts up and together.  Black lipstick adorned her
lips and she had touched her eyes lightly with mascara.  She stood
heavily on one leg with her hip thrust out, her hand against her
hip and a cruel grin on her face.


     Beside her, Mercedes was completely naked except for a studded
black leather collar around her neck.  Karen noticed with a shock
that she did not have any pubic hair, which, combined with her
slight frame, made her look like a young girl of 11 or 12 years. 
Her stance, though, belied her slim hips and small breasts, for it
was confident and sure.  She was holding a large towel, and walked
casually up to Karen and began to dry her off.


     After her long shower, Karen's skin was hyper-sensitive, so
she squirmed away from Mercedes, who just more vigorously rubbed
the abrasive towel against Karen's tenderized skin.  Finishing by
drying her hair, Mercedes then unclasped her wrists, leaving her
leather cuffs on, and Ingrid and Mercedes gently took her by the
arms and began walking her back to the main room.


     She was beaten, physically and emotionally drained by her
experiences, and they knew it.  Held between them, she asked,
"Please can I go back to my room now?  I can't take anymore."


     "Sure you can," Mercedes smiled, "we've got two virile young
men just waiting to fuck you."


     Karen moaned, "Noooo...please..."; interupted by a stinging
slap from Ingrid, shocking her out of her daze and back into this
horrible reality where she was beaten and raped again and again.


     "Shut up, slut," Ingrid growled, "and behave.  It'll only be
as bad as you make it."

 She had to escape.  She just had to.  She knew she couldn't
take anymore abuse; it would drive her crazy.  Her body was still
sore, her shoulders aching from when she had hung her weight from
them, her skin burning from the aftereffects of the switching and
the shower.  Her classmates weren't holding her too closely; she
could easily twist away from them.  She was sure she could outrun
them once she got away, and then she would make it to the highway
and someone would pick her up.  She would tell the police and they
would be arrested.  Even if she didn't make it, even if she froze
to death outside, it would be better than this torture.


     Her thoughts were broken by a long, low whistle:  "Damn, you
sure did a number on her.  She's a looker though."  She jerked her
head up at the voice and beheld two young men, naked, their clothes
piled on the ground beside their feet.  Both stood about 21 years
old and 5'10, and where one was stocky and brown-haired, the other
was slim with blond hair.  It was the slim one who had spoken. 
Without thinking, she twisted from the girls' grip, turning as she
did so, and ran toward the door.  She heard cries of "Shit" and
"Son of a..." and the sound of pounding feet on the hardwood floor
following her.  She was halfway to the door when a heavy weight hit
her in the small of her back.  Strong arms wrapped around her as
she fell forward.  She barely got her hands under her as she fell,
and fell hard against the hardwood floor, knocking the breath from
her lungs.


     As she gasped for breath strong hands forced her arms behind
her, where her wrist cuffs were clipped together, and she heard
Ingrid say, "Stupid bitch...I'll fucking show her..."


   "Wait," a voice broke in, "I've got an idea."  She recognized
the voice as the slim young man's.  Mercedes and the stocky man
kneeled on either side of her as she lay there, gasping for breath,
and wrapped a thick, leather belt around the crook of her elbows. 
Mercedes quickly pulled the belt tight, bringing Karen's elbows
together, sending a painful strain into her shoulders, pulling them
back and thrusting her aching breasts into the floor.


     "Roll her over," the young man said, and she was roughly
rolled over onto her back.  She lay there, her arms crushed
painfully under her, her breasts thrust like an offering toward the
ceiling, her lolling back on the hardwood floor.  Everyone stood up
as she began to regain her breath, and Ingrid and Mercedes grabbed
her ankles, pulling them toward her head.  In a second, Karen was
bent painfully in two, her knees beside her head, her hair pinned
down on the floor by one knee each from Ingrid and Mercedes, who
also pinned her calves to the floor with strong hands.  She
struggled briefly, but found she could not move much.  She was
trapped there with her ass and vagina stuck gaping into the air. 
It was a humiliating position, and she closed her eyes, trying to
block out the world around her.


     Ingrid leaned close to her face and hissed, "Now you're going
to get it," and Karen's eyes widened in terror as she looked
between her legs and saw the slim man approaching her backside
holding a medium sized belt in his hand.  The other man was
slightly behind him holding the videotape recorder.  Both of their
penis' were coming to life as they thought of the punishment they
were about to inflict.


     "You're going to have to learn your place, cunt," the man
snarled as the belt whistled through the air, landing with a dull,
wet smacking sound directly on Karen's cunt and mound.  A blinding
white flash of pain seared through her guts and temporarily blinded
her, her body thrashing her hips up and out, trying in any way to
escape the torment within her.  Her voice was not her own as a
horrible shriek escaped her lips:  AAAAAAAHHHHHHHGGGGGGGGG.  It
seemed to go on and on in her own ears, and the pain kept building. 
She heard another dull smack and she exploded in pain again as the
belt dug into the tender flesh of her vagina, her voice a siren
wailing, her body thrashing around, banging again and again against
the hard floor.  Another smack and her whole groin was on fire,
burning and aching, the pain overwhelming all her senses:  she
could not hear nor see, all she could do was feel.





School Girl Part 2


   She wasn't sure if he hit her again, although he must have,
for the agony kept increasing, building to an almost inhuman level
where she thought her entire pelvis must explode, wished it would
explode, just to release the awful agony which was consuming her. 
It was beyond pain, beyond sensation; it was as if at the end of
every one of the nerves in her pelvis area a little fire had been
lit.  The noise had stopped, her mouth open in a silent scream. 
She half felt a weight lean against her, two hands roughly grab her
breasts, mauling them between strong fingers, pressing them into
her chest.  She felt vaguely a jabbing around her vulva, and felt
her hymen tear, the pain of that violation subsumed by the greater
pain left from the whipping, merely adding more sensation to her
already overburdened nerves.


     He was kneeling by her ass, his hands mauling her breasts,
pinching her nipples, causing her head to thrash back and forth as
his cock slammed mercilessly back and forth into her tortured
vagina, thinly coated with the blood of her hymen.  She thrust
uncontrollably back at him, the fire within her an unbearable,
burning pressure, a pressure which she, without thinking, needed to
burst.  She began grunting at each powerful thrust; her world had
narrowed to the terrible, overwhelming, consuming sensation
centered in her cunt.  Suddenly the pounding stopped, and her voice
rose into a kining, monotone wail.  He pulled out, quickly losing
hardness, leaving her hips bobbing up and down, her cunt gasping
and sucking in air.  Her mind screamed Nooooo...only a little
more...a little more and it would all be over...she would overwhelm
her senses and achieve oblivion...she needed just a little more.... 
Suddenly she was filled again with one brutal thrust as the stocky
man slammed his cock into her to the hilt.  He worked feverishly,
slapping her tits, her face, pinching her nipples, calling her
whore, slut, bitch, cunt.  She didn't hear, didn't feel, didn't
care, her whole body was on the edge.  He punched his cock into her
and ground his pelvis against her clit, sending her over the top. 
She froze, every muscle standing out in straining relief against
her body; she screamed as every sensation--the bite of the belt
into her pussy, the brutal tearing of her hymen, the slaps, the
pinches, the awful, overwhelming pressure was sucked down, like a
collapsing star, into one timy piece of flesh, her clitorus.  Then
it exploded in wave after wave of painful ecstacy, and she felt her
body convulse with every pulse from her clit, her strength inhuman
in the throws of her orgasm.  She was free of restraining hands,
free of the man's penis, which had filled her with seed the moment
of her orgasm, free to bang her legs and ass, her shoulders, her
head, again and again against the hard floor, flopping around like
a beached fish.


     Finally, she doesn't know after how long, or if she lost
conscousness as wave after wave of unbearable pleasure ripped
through her body, she came to her senses.  Her whole body ached,
especially her arms,  shoulders, and vagina, but she didn't care;
she was removed from everything, like she was caught in that
strange land between sleep and waking.  Voices drifted down to
her..."freaky...on tape?..every twitch...what a cunt...bite my
prick off...shit."  Hands lifted her, wrapped something around her,
led her into chilly air which she hardly noticed, laid her down on
a bed where she quickly fell into a deep sleep.
Karen awoke at one o'clock Saturday afternoon.  She could
barely move, she was stiff and sore all over.  As she swung her
legs to the side of the bed and tried to stand, the awful aching in
her vagina almost knocked her over.  Her mind was still numbed from
sleep and pain when she looked into the full-length closet mirror. 
Her large brown eyes widened in shock as she saw herself:  red
welts crisscrossed her entire body, concentrated on her thighs and
breasts.  Her vagina and the entire area between her legs was a
swollen, puffy red.  Her eyes were puffy and her face tearstreaked. 
Dried semen coated her inner thighs and stuck her pubic hair
together.  The horror of last night came rushing back to her, and
she collapsed onto the floor, sobbing.


   Every detail in crystal clarity pushed at her conscousness:  her
kidnap at the hands of Ingrid and Mercedes, how they beat her and
then turned her body treacherously against her.  The so relaxing
shower followed by the worst horror of the night, her attempted
escape and her punishment.  She quivered, unable to stop the flow
of memories, the memories of the pain of the belt on her cunt,
bringing her to a bizarre desire for release; of her hymen ripping
before a man's raping phallus, of his seed filling her to be
replaced by another man's phallus, and of her final, mind-bending
orgasm, which hurt so much but felt so strangly good.  She shivered
at the memories as she lay on the floor, her chest heaving with
sobs.

  Slowly she recovered, and, wiping the tears from her eyes, stood
up and staggered to her closet.  She grabbed a towel and went over
to her sink, washing herself off as well as she could; she didn't
want to go to the showers, she didn't want to be seen.  Her face
flushed with humiliation as she thought of Ingrid or Mercedes
seeing her and smiling their knowing smiles, laughing at her, at
how they wrung two terrible orgasms from her, at how they beat her
and tortured her and finally gave her to their friends to play
with.  She almost broke down again, but caught herself.  She lay
down on the bed and began to think.


   She couldn't go outside, not with Ingrid and Mercedes around;
they might grab her again.  Thinking that, she looked at her door
- -it didn't have any locks.  She stood up quickly, ignoring her
aching body, and wedged a chair against the doorknob, then returned
to bed, curling up into a fetal position.  She could tell the
headmistriss, Ms. Ellsworth, but if Ingrid had been telling the
truth, she already knew all about it, and approved.  She couldn't
turn to anyone at the school, and Su Lee was gone for the weekend. 
She couldn't call anyone either, since the girls weren't allowed
any outgoing calls.  If only her parents called her she could have
them come and pick her up, take her away from this hell; but they
hadn't called in two weeks, and were probably too busy with the
divorce to care about her.  She could try to hike to the nearest
town, or to the highway, but that would take four or five hours,
and she had no doubts that she was being watched.  She couldn't
escape.


   She stayed in her room all day, leaving only when she couldn't
hold her urine or her bowels any longer, afraid each time that she
would see Ingrid or Mercedes.  Gladly, they were nowhere to be
seen.  She didn't eat and she had a hard time sleeping that night,
but the next day finally came.  It was a repitition of the previous
day, except hunger pains drove her to the cafateria, where she
quickly grabbed some rolls and fled back to her room.  Su Lee came
back that evening, talkative, as she seldom was, excited by her
weekend with her parents.  Karen was in no mood to listen, but kept
up a pretence of interest:  she didn't want Su Lee to find out what
had happened to her.  Finally, though, Su Lee's energy began to
wane, and they both began getting ready for bed.  Karen waited for
Su Lee to leave the room for her toiletries before changing:  Su
Lee was bound to notice the ugly welts covering her body


   The school week passed uneventfully:  Ingrid and Mercedes were
seldom seen and ignored her completely.  The rest of the world went
on as if nothing had happened.  Still, Karen cringed every time she
had to go out into the halls and every time someone called her
name.  Finally Friday came when she received an unexpected note in
the mailbox:  it was from the headmistress' secretary stating that
the headmistress wished her presence in the faculty lounge that
evening at 7 pm.  At first she was scared to go...what if Ingrid
and Mercedes were telling the truth, and she would arrive there to
suffer more abuse at Ms. Ellsworth's hands...but what if they were
lying, and the headmistress had found out what happened to
her...then she would be saved...and if she knew nothing, then Karen
could tell her everything...she had to go...had to find out.  She
resolved herself to go over dinner in the cafeteria.  She wished Su
Lee had made it to dinner so she could ask her what she thought it
meant, but she was probably busy studying.


   When Karen returned to her room, she was surprised to see Su Lee
absent, but she was worried about her meeting with her headmistress
so didn't think twice about it.  She went to the mirror to check
out how she was healing:  not bad, all but the worst of the welts
were completely gone, and she didn't even feel those any more.  She
stretched and waited until seven, then left to meet the
headmistress.


   The faculty lounge was in the same building as the faculty
apartments, about a five minute walk across campus from the
student's dorms.  She made it in under three at a jog, and was
shivering in her oversized jacket outside the door marked "FACULTY
LOUNGE", knocking hard.  The headmistress' secretary, Paul, a tall,
stocky man, about 6' tall and 185 lbs, with sandy brown hair and a
handsome face, opened the door and smiled down on her.  "Right on
time.  Come in, come in."  He held the door open for her and
ushered her into a short, wide hallway with another door at the
end.  "Let me take your jacket," he said, and Karen gratefully gave
it to him to hang on one of the hooks on the wall; it was much
warmer inside.  She fell into step beside him as he walked down the
hall toward the other door.  He opened it and waved her through,
smiling.


   Karen stepped through the door and began to face forward,
feeling Paul following her, when she was pushed hard in the back,
throwing her off her feet to land hard on her hands and knees, her
hair falling over her head to obscure her face.  She grunted as her
hands and knees hit a soft, padded floor, much like the gym mats
she had practiced on when she was young.  Oh God, not again, she
thought as she scrambled to her feet.  As she stood, ready to flee,
she felt a strong hand grip the back of her neck, causing her to
freeze.  "Now, now Karen, don't do anything foolish.  You
remembered what happened last time," Paul said, holding her
tightly.  She trembled slightly, remembering; "Now put your arms
behind your back," he said, and she acquiesed meekly, feeling a
pair of metal handcuffs quickly binding her wrists.  Still holding
her neck, Paul brushed her hair from her face, giving her her first
good look at the faculty lounge.  She gasped as her eyes took
everything in:  it was a large room, maybe 200' by 200'; several
single parallel bars, about waist high, were bolted to a floor
carpeted with gym mats; large eye-hooks protruded from various
places on the floor and walls; several ottoman-like objects,
surrounded by eye-hooks, sat bolted to the floor; endless amount of
rope hung down from eye-hooks on the ceiling, 15' up; a ladder
leaned against the left wall, which was lined with glass cases,
filled with dildos, vibrators, canes, whips, pins, gags, clamps,
and things she had no idea what they were.  What drew her attention
immediately, though, was the object which dominated the center of
the room:  it was two large steel hoops, each about 10' in
diameter, intersecting each other at their diameters.  One hoop,
standing straight up, was securely bolted to a thick column, itself
bolted to the floor, which was capable of rotating; the other was
attached to the first hoop so that it could be spun around within
the first hoop.  She stared, aghast, at this contraption, for Su
Lee was tied spread-eagled within it, getting fucked by the slim
young man who had violated her!


   Su Lee's body was stretched to the breaking point, her slim
legs, arms, and stomach straining against the pull of the ropes
binding her spread-eagled to the hoop and against her own weight,
for she was suspended in the air, her groin tilted slightly upward
and her head hanging back, her hair cascading to pile on the
ground.  Welts marked her small breasts and her thighs, and her
beautiful asian eyes were closed tightly, puffy from the tears
which were streaming down her face to mingle with her hair.  Her
mouth was distorted around a large ball gag, pulling her full lips
tight around the gag.  The young man was standing on a small stool
between her legs, slowly pistoning his cock, coated with a thin
film of blood, down into Su Lee's pussy.  Su Lee was turned
sideways to her, and she shuddered...not Su Lee too...oh God...it
was too much....  "You like that," Paul said, his voice hard, "you
like seeing your friend get pronged like that?"


   She shook her head, "Nooo...nooo."


   
"Oh, come on, I saw the films, you loved it."

   She cringed, he had seen the video tapes, a red blush of shame
crept into her face, and she tried to drop her head, but he held it
up, forcing her to watch Su Lee being viciously raped.  She saw the
tendons on Su Lee's inner thighs straining at her position, her
small girlish breasts rise and fall with her struggling breath, her
pretty, petite face distorted by the gag stretching her jaws
obscenely apart; saw a cock, glistening red with Su Lee's hymen
blood, mercilessly slide again and again into the space between her
thighs.  She choked down a sob at the sight, and felt a tingle
crawl up her spine as she thought of her friend's terror.


   "Ah, her comes Ingrid," Paul said, drawing her eyes away from Su
Lee to Ingrid coming through a door at the other end of the room. 
Karen stared in horror as she met Ingrids piercing blue eyes and
saw her smile.  Ingrid stood there for a second, her statuesque
figure seemingly carved from ivory, the pure whiteness of her
nakedness broken only by a black bodice, drawing in her stomach and
pushing up and together her impressive breasts; she then began
walking toward her.  Karen began to struggle in Pauls strong grip,
but he merely dragged her by her neck over to a parallel bar,
slamming her thighs painfully into it.  Ingrid reached her a moment
later and quickly grabbed both her ankles and jerked them apart,
attaching them to the cuffs on the vertical bars of the parallel
bar.  "Please," she whined, "don't do this to me.  Please."  Paul
ignored her, and Ingrid answered by grabbing a handful of her hair
and dragging her torso down waist level, pulling her hips painfully
against the parallel bar.  She was now stretched taunt across the
bar, helpless as Paul pushed her skirt over her hips and began
rubbing his hands across her ass, pinching it through her
underware.  She squirmed at his touch and tried to pull away from
Ingrid as, still grasping her hair, she began to unbutton Karen's
school blouse, revealing Karen's strong stomach and firm breasts,
hanging slightly within a plain white bra.


   "Two virgins in two weeks," she heard a voice, the slim young
man's, say, "and that one, let me tell you, is tight."


   "Greg, be quiet and get me a pair of sissors; I want to get
these panties off," that was Paul.  She began squirming as Paul
began gently slapping her ass and Ingrid began pinching her nipples
through her bra, but there was nothing she could do, her arms
pinned behind her back and her ankles firmly secured wide apart to
the bars.  Held there, her mind began to wander, so she did not
even notice as her bra and panties were cut off.  She thought about
Su Lee, and imagined what it had been like for her:  to be strung
up, practically pulled apart on that metal hoop, hanging like a
piece of meat to be used by anyone; to feel the stinging bite of
the whip burning across your skin; to twist and squirm and try to
escape the punishment, knowing you couldn't, knowing there was
nothing you could do as a man drove his cock mercilessly into you,
ripping away your virginity....  She was suddenly brought back to
reality as she felt Paul slide a finger easily into her cunt.


   "Damn, she sure is ready to rumble," Paul exclaimed.


   Ingrid replied, "I told you, this one gets off on it.  I bet
she's thinking about how much she'd like a hard cock up her right
now."  She turned as she heard the door at the opposite end of the
room open, and said, "Oh oh, here comes Mercedes; this should be
fun."  Turning toward Karen, she knelt down, and placing one hand
between her shoulder blades, pulled her head up so she was looking
toward Su Lee and Mercedes:  "You see, Mercedes _hates_ asians." 
Then she smiled, and said, "this should be fun to watch."


   Karen's back had begun to ache, and her neck was hurting, being
pulled back at that awkward angle, but worst of all was the warm
feeling which was radiating from her vagina as Paul began to rub
his fingers, well lubricated by her juices, against her clitorus. 
How could she be enjoying this?  Poor Su Lee, poor her...what was
wrong with her?  To be turned on by these animals?  All these
thoughts ran through her mind as she watched Mercedes, carrying a
large bullwhip, walk slowly toward Su Lee.  She was wearing a dark
red corset, which made her waist practically disappear, attached to
which were garters supporting red stockings; her hair was done up
in a severe bun, and she had her glasses on.  When she reached the
hoop, she adjusted it so that Su Lee was hanging upside down, her
cunt pointing toward the ceiling.  She was so tightly bound to the
hoop that it barely relieved any of the strain on her arms.  Karen
saw her friend bound, every muscle in her body pulling against the
strain of the bondage, and thought, she didn't know why, she is
beautiful, so beautiful.  She had always thought Su Lee had a
willowy, exotic, beauty, but now she was captivating, and Karen
felt little pins and needles travel up and down her spine as she
watched her, feeling Paul's penis rubbing up against her cunt,
sliding back and forth against the slippery, swollen lips.

   Mercedes walked around to the side of Su Lee and unlimbered the
whip; suddenly, with a skill Karen found amazing, she drew her arm
back and forward, the whip following to strike with a SNAP Su Lee's
upper thigh.  Su Lee screamed through her gag and her beautiful
almond eyes popped open, and Karen could see the pain and fear
reflected in them.  A small bruise began to blacken the red mark
the whip had left, and blood started to ooze out of the broken
skin.  Again a SNAP, and Su Lee's body trembled, a high keening
sound echoed from her throat, through the gag, as her right nipple
began to ooze blood.  Su Lee's keening softened to a ragged sob,
then resumed with another SNAP, as her other nipple was struck. 
Then Mercedes moved in front of her, a little to Karen's left, and
raised the whip in her arm again, bringing it down this time with
a THUNK, directly on the front of Su Lee's vagina.  Karen saw blood
splatter up from Su Lee's cunt, and Su Lee howled and shook against
her bonds.  Shaking like a leaf, sweat pored down her body as she
sobbed into her gag.  Karen jerked against the hands and bonds
holding her at the sight of that blow, and she gasped as a soft
wave of pleasure crashed against her pussy...it was good, so good
without the pain driving her wild.


   Putting down the whip, Mercedes went over to the cabinet and
took out a thick leather strap, and returned to Su Lee.  Ingrid
turned to her, and saying, "Damn, now I'm really hot," sat down on
a pillow almost below the parallel bar, pulling Karen down with her
by the hair.  Adjusting herself and spreading her legs, she looked
Karen in the eyes:  "Now, bitch, you're going to suck me off, and
if you don't make me cum in five minutes, Paul up there is going to
fuck you in the ass."  Karen stared at Ingrid, fear coming into her
eyes as the strong scent of sex wafted up from Ingrid's pussy to
her.  She couldn't, they couldn't expect her to do _that_.  She
tried to twist her head away but Ingrid just let out a short laugh
and jammed Karen's head into her crotch and began to rub her wet
pussy all over her face.  At the same time, Paul sunk his dick, in
one smooth motion, into Karen's pussy, and began to slowly thrust
himself in and out of her cunt.  They were serious, completely
serious.  They would actually fuck her there, and they expected her
to lick another woman's pussy; it was awful.  Ingrid cuffed her
upside the head as Paul continued slowly fucking her, "Come on
bitch, use that tongue."


   Tenatively she pushed her tongue between her lips and tasted the
sour, slippery wetness of another woman.  Ingrid let out a low moan
as Karen began to run her tongue back and forth against her pussy
lips, the slap of leather against flesh and Su Lee's awful, muffled
screaming counterpointing the slow fucking Paul was giving her. 
Karen began to settle down into a rhythm as Ingrid slapped her ears
as she told her what to do--lick up and down the lips, rubbing her
nose against Ingrid's clit, then close on the clit with her mouth,
suck it gently into her mouth and flick her tongue back and forth
across her clit.  Then do it all again when Ingrid slapped her on
the head.  It wasn't so bad, she thought, the cock pumping slowly
in and out of her sopping cunt relaxing her.  Her postition was
awkward and uncomfortable, but this was so much better than the
whipping...poor Su Lee...she could still hear the slapping of the
belt followed by Su Lee's muffled screams.  As she thought about
it, about her bent across the bar, force to lick a woman's cunt
while a man used her cunt for his pleasure, Su Lee's screams in the
background, warmth began spreading through her loins and she began
to tremble.  Suddenly, though, Paul pulled out, "Time's up," and,
grabbing her asscheeks, pulled them wide apart, exposing her tiny
asshole.


   Karen began to panic...just when it was feeling so good...why
couldn't they just fuck her?...why did they have to hurt her?...and
tried to pull away from Ingrid.  Ingrid merely gripped her head
more firmly and thrust her hips forward against her face, "Come
on," she said, "I was almost there."  She kept struggling but she
couldn't do anything to stop this violation of her ass.  She froze
with horror, receiving a few blows to the head from Ingrid, as she
felt Pauls slick dick prod against her anus.  She tried to yell, to
say no, stop, but her voice was muffled by Ingrid, who pushed her
face against her pussy, effectively muting her.  "Come on, slut,
keep moving that tongue," Ingrid urged as Paul pressed his cock
harder against her small, puckered opening.


   "Give her ass a little incentive to open up, Greg," she heard
Paul say, then jerked forward hard against the bar as pain exploded
in her lower back, and the sickening slap of the belt came to her
ears.  Her anus spasmed at the blow and Paul shoved his cockhead
in, bringing a grunt of pain from Karen.  Ingrid was growing angry
at her for stopping her licking, and began to cuff and slap her
ears, "Come on, bitch," she growled.  She jerked forward again as
the belt drove more pain into her lower back, and Paul drove his
dick farther into her tormented ass.  The blows against her head
were disorienting her, distracting her from the pain in her ass. 
She stuck out her tongue and began to lick again, and felt Ingrid
relax, holding her head tightly between her thighs.


   Almost without her knowing, Paul had sunk his cock its full
length into her ass, his balls hanging against her swollen pussy. 
She felt so full, like she did just before she deficated, her anus
stretched painfully around his cock.  A strange shiver of pleasure
and pain went through her as he slowly began to slide his cock
back, seeming to draw her innards with it, and she grunted into
Ingrid's wet cunt as he slammed his cock back into her ass.  He
grabbed her hips in strong hands, bruising her, and began to fuck
her ass with abandon, each forward stroke bringing a grunt from
Karen.  It was so different:  it hurt, his plunging cock hurt, but
it also felt good, like when she took and extra big shit; she felt
an orgasm begin to build deep within her guts, a hard knot of
pleasure slowly increasing with each pounding stroke of Paul's
cock.  She began to lick fervently at Ingrid's clit, sucking the
soft flesh into her mouth and flicking her tongue wildly across its
bulging head.  Ingrid let out a gasp and pulled her head even
harder against her cunt, thrusting her hips into Karen's face as
she came.  Feeling Ingrid come around her face sent Karen over the
edge, the hard knot of pleasure bursting, consuming her entire
body, causing her to jerk against the bonds and hands holding her,
her ass spasming around Paul's penis, bringing his seed spilling
into her ass.  Slowly she came down from her orgasmic high, her
body tingling with sensation.  Ingrid stood up uncertainly and Paul
pulled out of her ass with a gently POP, leaving her feeling empty,
hanging over the bar at the waist, too tired to raise her body to
a standing position.


   She knew she should feel humiliated, ashamed, but she was too
numb, too tired, to care.  These people could use her all they
wanted, a small part of her _wanted_ them to use her, to beat her: 
she shuddered inwardly at this thought, resisting it.  She didn't
want this, no matter how much her body betrayed her, she didn't;
she wanted to be home, safe and secure, to be a normal teenager
again, not subject to the sexual whims of a group of sadists.  She
came back to herself as she felt a rope thread between the cuffs
connecting her wrists, and moaned in discomfort as her arms were
pulled from her back, dragging her upper body with them, until she
was parallel with the floor.  She didn't resist, didn't even
respond, as a collar was attached to her neck and a rope run
through a ring on the collar to another ring between her legs.  She
moaned again as her arms were pulled further from her body, until
they were at a 45 degree angle from her back, and the rope pulling
them was tied to the rafters overhead.  Her head was then dragged
back by her hair until her face was directly forward, her mouth
open to relieve the strain on her neck, her hair tied around the
cuffs on her wrists.


   She opened her eyes as Ingrid began gently stroking her cheek,
"It looks like Merc has something special planned for your friend,
Karen," she said, her voice smooth and mocking.  Still in a state
of mental numbness, of mental abstraction, Karen saw what Ingrid
meant:  Su Lee was bent over a something like a strange looking
ottoman, her knees bent wide under her, her knees held to the floor
by leather cuffs, her arms spread at right angles to her body and
also cuffed to the floor at bicept, elbow, and wrist, pressing her
chest into the ground.  Her head was propped by her chin on a
padded chin gaurd, so that Karen could look directly into her eyes,
only 6' away and swollen with tears.  Her pretty asian face was
still distorted by the ball gag, making her, Karen though
wistfully, look almost alluring.  Her ass was elevated high in the
air, causing her back to curve painfully back and exposing her
abused vagina and her anus.


   Karen closed her eyes for a moment, feeling her own aching body,
with Ingrid's juices drying on her face, Paul's semen leaking from
her bowls down her pussy lips, her head pulled painfully back, her
body bent obscenely over the parallel bar:  a wave of tired
resignation passed through her--she couldn't do anything, she was
helpless.  She opened her eyes and saw Mercedes, grinning, rub a
rag up and down Su Lee's exposed vagina.  She looked into Su Lee's
large, black, almond eyes and saw fear and pain and hopelessness in
them, and a terrible yearning to be let go.  She heard herself
whisper "Su Lee," before the sight of Mercedes opening the back
hall door snapped her out of her resigned complacency.  Horror and
an awful realization struck her as she watched a german shepherd
come bounding across the room toward Su Lee's bound body.  "You
can't," she cried, "Noooo....  Please don't...."  She began
struggling against her bonds, painfully trying to free herself. 
She struggled harder as she saw the dog stop at Su Lee's exposed
ass and stick his nose right into her cunt, snorting and licking. 
Su Lee jerked forward, horror widening her eyes and bringing short
gasps from her flaring nostrils.  Karen froze, her muscles tense
with her struggles, as she saw the dog mount her friend, claws
scrabbling painfully against Su Lee's narrow waist, hips thrusting
wildly against Su Lee's ass.  Then she saw the dogs narrow, red
penis slide home into Su Lee's pussy, and as she looked back into
Su Lee's eyes, she saw the horror and disgust and pain in her
tearing eyes.


   She heard Greg let out an exclamation and then she felt him sink
his dick into her still wet pussy.  She grunted at this invasion,
but she was still spellbound by the image before her:  the german
shepherd gripping Su Lee's waspish waist with its forelegs, its
neck thrust forward to nip at Su Lee's shoulders, its hips a blur
of motion, driving his slimy penis in and out of Su Lee's pussy at
an incredible speed.  Su Lee had her eyes closed, tears running
down her cheeks, curving away from the bulging gag.  Mercedes knelt
right next to her head, her face almost against her ear, whispering
Karen knew not what to her as she was raped by a dog.  Suddenly,
the dog began to slow its thrusts, and then slammed hard into Su
Lee three times and held its hips to hers.  Then the dog pushed
itself off Su Lee and staggered off a little ways, the tip of its
penis engorged into a large bulb.  Mercedes remained next to Su Lee
as Paul led the dog back to the hallway, only to release another
german shepherd, which came running straight for Su Lee.


   Karen couldn't take her eyes off Su Lee, her face twisted in an
agony of humiliation, her body covered by a dog frantically
thrusting into her, Mercedes in her red outfit kneeling by her ear,
whispering poisons.  She shuddered as she felt Greg's hard penis
slide in and out of her.  She couldn't stop thinking...what if it
was her tied down to the floor being mounted by a dog, its wet,
slimy cock poking against her pelvis, its claws scratching and
gripping at her waist, its teeth nipping her neck and shoulders,
with Mercedes whispering "dogfucker, whore, slut," into her ear,
telling her how much she liked it, to be fucked like that.  She
felt a wave of pleasure consume her as she orgasmed, but she still
could not stop staring at the sight before her.  Her arousal began
anew as the dog finished and another was brought in, and she came
again, with Greg slowly fucking her from behind, adding to the
stimulation from her mind.  A fourth dog was brought in, and she
saw the expression on Su Lee's face change ever so slightly.  Karen
gasped out with another orgasm as she thought she saw a flicker of
pleasure cross Su Lee's face.  She did!  Karen could see it, could
see Su Lee's closed eyelids flutter, could see her face tense
around her gag, her brows contracting.  Karen began to gasp in
excitement as Greg began pounding into her from behind in earnest. 
She heard a low humming coming from Su Lee through the gag, and it
ended in a muffled cry as her face twisted in a paroxism of pain an
pleasure, her whole body tense as a wound spring.  Karen heard
Ingrid and Paul laughing as her own orgasm hit her, shaking her
entire body, her cunt spasming around Greg's dick, sending him
spurting shot after shot of cum deep into her pussy.  As she came
back to herself, Karen saw that the dog had finished, and was being
led back to the hallway.  Su Lee was sobbing miserably through her
gag.





School Girl Part 3


  Karen was sore and exhausted, mentally as well as physically, as
hands began to release her bonds.  They lifted her up and pushed
her, staggering, out the door, her blouse still open and without
her bra or panties.  As she buttoned back up her blouse, she felt
the twin loads of cum begin to drip down her thighs, and staggered
back to her room, stunned by the events of the evening, but even
more by her reactions to them.


  Back in her room, Karen undressed and, wrapping a towel around
herself, went directly to the showers.  She didn't care who saw her
this time; she was too tired and dazed to care.  The shower revived
her somewhat and when she finally lay in her nightshirt on her bed
she reviewed everything that had happened to her that night.


   That the headmistress's secretary, Paul, was in on these bizarre
sexual games was without doubt, and she had to assume the head-
mistress also knew about everything that had been done to her.  The
entire faculty must know, and perhaps everyone in the entire school
participated on some level.  She couldn't believe that, but what
Ingrid had said to her, that she was the Seniors' to do with as
they desired, certainly suggested it.  If so, there was nothing she
could do but run away, and she thought they would know if she
tried, would stop her and torment her worse than they had done;
perhaps they would even do to her what they had done to Su Lee.  To
be bound to the floor and fucked like and animal--she shuddered,
shying away from her own reactions to what she had seen.  But they
kept coming back to her:  her arousal to being fucked, and the
horrible orgasm which she had when Paul had fucked her in the ass;
her multiple orgasms as she saw Su Lee being mounted by dog after
dog, and her surprise, and yes, she admitted to herself, her
arousal, when she saw pleasure cross Su Lee's face.  She couldn't
understand her own arousal at the brutal treatment she had
received, how could she understand Su Lee's?


   She shook herself as she felt her vagina grow damp and her labia
swell at these remembrances.  She curled up again and tried to
drive the pictures of Su Lee's abuse from her mind.  It was awful
what they had done to her, she thought, her mind becoming cloudy
with sleep, awful....  She became groggily aware of people entering
her room carrying a large bundle, which they threw on Su Lee's bed. 
Sleep pulled her back to unconscousness before she could see what
was happening.  She awoke early the next morning to see Su Lee
curled up into a fetal position on her bed.  She lay there asleep,
naked, and Karen could see the ugly marks of whips and cane
covering her body.  She wanted to go over and take her in her arms,
to hold her and comfort her; but what could she say?  What could
she do?  She was there to see what had happened...she pulled back
and shook her head, her brown hair swinging across her back.  No,
she couldn't.  Then she noticed an envelope on her dresser; it
wasn't there when she had come back last night.  She fearfully
opened it and read:


   Dearest Karen,


    Greetings to the Covenant School for Girls from your head-
mistress Samantha Kane.  I have seen the tapes and know that by now
you have been introduced to the main extracurricular activity at
our school.  In case you are in any way confused by your present
situation, this letter is designed to clear up those confusions. 
First of all, let me make it very clear that your main purpose
here, besides obtaining a first class education, is to service
myself, my secretary, the faculty, the seniors, the juniors, and
the members of Delta Sigma Pi, in that order, in any way they
desire.  Let me repeat myself:  you are to obey the preceding
without question.


   Now I realize that certain demands that we may make upon your
person may cause you certain discomfort; practice patience and
forebearance, and realize that no member of the above will be
allowed to permanently injure you in any way, or to impact your
schoolwork negatively.  Also realize that next year you will be a
Junior here at our school, and therefore free of certain of the
strictures which now apply to you, as well as gaining social
superiority over the Freshmen and Sophmore.


   Now that I have reassured you on the main points of your
situation, let me follow with certain simple rules you will be
expected to follow while you are a student here.


    1)  You will wear no underclothes except that provided by one
of the above persons.


   2)  You will speak to one of the above people outside of the
classroom only when spoken to.


   3)  You will refer, outside of the classroom, to the above
people as master or mistress, depending on the sex of the person.


   If you break any of these rules, realize that you will be
punished severely.


   One final note, in case you are thinking about revealing our
cozy setup here to anyone:  we have tapes of everything that has
been done to you.  Far from being self-incriminating, these tapes
will, properly edited, reveal you engaging in consenual, if kinky,
sexual escapades, and enjoying yourself immensely.  Any story of
members of this academy forcing you into unwanted sexual contact
will be dismissed by us as either malicious spitefulness,
overactive imagination, or "day after" regrets over your sexual
experiences.


                                Respectfully yours,


   
                                Samantha Kane



   p.s.  Please bring this letter with you to my office at 4:00 pm
this afternoon.


    She shuddered as she read the letter--it seemed hardly
possible.  Then she looked over at Su Lee, her naked body covered
with welts and bruises, and realized it was not only possible, it
was.  She sat down on the edge of her bed, stunned, vague thoughts
and worries running through her horrified mind.  She sat unmoving
for perhaps an hour, and when she finally did move, it was like an
automaton.  She had closed her mind off to the world around her;
she had pushed everything that had happened out of her mind so that
she could cope.  She would do her schoolwork and the like and then
she would meet with the schoolmistress at 4:00 pm--beyond that her
mind refused to function.


   At 2:00 two senior girls whom she did not know well came and
carried Su Lee away; Karen ignored them, and ignored Su Lee's
feeble, sobbing cries for help.  At 3:55, she rose from her desk,
checked to make sure she was wearing no underwear, and walked
unthinkingly to Samantha Kane's office.  When she arrived she saw
Paul sitting at his desk, his boss's large wooden office door
directly behind him.  He stood up when he saw her and leered. 
Karen shied away and murmered, "I'm here to see Ms. Kane."


   "I know," he said, moving from behind the desk to put an arm
around her.  She flinched, but let him guide her passively to Ms.
Kane's office door.  She didn't even react when he ran his hand
caressingly up her outer thigh to massage her naked buttocks.  "Too
bad," he murmered, "I almost hoped you would disobey."  Still
massaging her buttocks, he opened the door to Ms. Kane's office and
gently pushed her through.


   Standing in the headmistress's office, Karen looked up as she
heard the door  closed behind her.  Her protective
complacency shattered as she beheld what was before her, and she
backed, shocked, into the door.  She had remembered the
headmistress as a stern, older woman, about 40 years old, 6' tall
and exceedingly handsome.  She remembered when she had first seen
the headmistress, her brown-blond hair carefully done up, her
piercing blue eyes staring sharply at her from amid small wrinkles
webbing her face, her full and firm figure gracefully controlled,
her full length dress tasteful and unrevealing.  The picture before
her could not be more different.


   Samantha Kane was in the throws of rapture:  her medium length
hair spilling over shoulders, her face flushed, a small, catlike
smile playing on her lips, her back arched back as she kneeled over
the face of one of her students, her hands gripping her student's
breasts harshly, her own large, full breasts standing out proudly
from her chest, her large round nipples distended in pleasure, her
ass crushing down into her face, the outward extending penis gag
fully embedded in her moist cunt, her juices flowing down onto her
helpless student's face.  Samantha Kane shuddered in her orgasm
while smiling lazily at Karen.  Slowly she rose, her pussy sliding
easily from the plastic dildo, and moved toward Karen.


   Karen was transfixed by the sight of her approaching head-
mistress, but she couldn't help but glance at the hapless student
bound on the floor behind her.  A sudden chill went through her as
she recognized Su Lee, a penis gag, now covered with Ms. Kane's
juices, 1.5" in diameter and extending into as well as 7" out of
her mouth.  She was lying on her back, her calves strapped with
wide leather belts tightly against her thighs.  Her thighs were
pulled up and back against her sides, pulling her ass into the air,
and strapped there with another leather band running just under her
small breasts, which also held her arms against her sides.  In this
position her pussy and ass were obsenely exposed to the several
videocameras stationed around the room.


   Ms. Kane's voice cut through her thoughts, "Hello Karen, I've
been wanting so much to meet you."  Her voice had a silky, catlike
quality to it, and Karen submitted meekly as she gripped her upper
arm and led her around the large desk which Su Lee was lying in
front of.  Here she could not see her friend, but another sight
caught her attention: a stool, one foot high, stood bolted to the
floor where a desk chair should have been, and thrusting up from it
was a shiny metal dildo. It gleamed in the dim light of the office,
and as she followed it down she saw that the chair was "padded"
with what looked like small bed of nails, with what looked like a
seatbelt attatched to the side.


   "Kneel down on the stool, now, dear," Ms. Kane said, positioning
Karen over the stool, each leg on either side of it.  Karen looked
pleadingly at Samantha Kane, seeing there only determination and a
complete lack of mercy.  "You know what to do," said the head-
mistress as Karen knelt over the stool, her firm thighs flexing
under her skirt.  She looked up at the headmistress and lowered her
pussy right over the medal dildo as Ms. Kane nodded.  She shivered
as the cool, smooth metal touched her labia, and she blushed in
shame as she felt the slickness of her tunnel as it eagerly
accepted this foreign invader.


   "Look at me," Ms. Kane said sharply, both hands resting on her
shoulders, "look at me!"  Karen looked into her sharp blue eyes and
gasped as Samantha Kane pressed her violently down on the dildo,
driving her ass into the nails protruding from the stool.  Pain
flashed through her ass, mingling with a curious, cool pleasure
radiating from her cunt.  She froze, the nails pressing painfully
into her flesh, and the metal dildo feeling slick inside her pussy,
as Ms. Kane strapped her loosely onto the stool, leaving enough
slack to allow her to ride the dildo, but not enough dislodge it. 
She then strapped her knees and ankles to the floor and tied her
wrists to the sides of the stool.  Throughout this, Karen was
afraid to move, and her mind focused on the sensations coming from
her ass and groin.  Each nail around her ass and thighs was like a
little fire on her nerves; the dildo was a slick, cool invader
inside her, causing her pussy to spasm involuntarily around it,
sending pleasure shooting through her body. 


   "Ingrid says you suck cunt pretty good, slut," the headmistress
said coolly, rolling a chair forward in front of Karen and sitting
down, her legs spread wide apart on either side of Karen and her
groin resting on the front edge of the chair.  "Well, get started!"
she snapped, "and don't forget to fuck yourself on that dildo.  If
you don't, I'll be very upset," she smiled.  Karen knew resistance
was useless; it would only bring her more pain.  Slowly she leaned
forward and kissed Ms. Kane's labia while moving her own hips up
and down on the metal dildo, careful to avoid the sharp nails at
its base.  The sour, pungent odor of her headmistress's pussy
assaulted her as she licked at her swollen, glistening lips.  She
swirled her tongue around and then, stiffening it, drove it deep
into Ms. Kane's cunt, mashing her face against her pussy in the
process.  Ms. Kane groaned and grabbed the back of her head as she
licked at the inside of her pussy.  Karen worked her way up to Ms.
Kane's clitorus, rubbing her face all over her cunt as she moved
her mouth toward her stiff bud.  Her headmistress shuddered in
pleasure as she took her clitoris between her lips and began to
gently suck on it, running her lips over the small fleshy
protuberence.


   Karen broke out into a cold sweat, her own thighs shaking with
the strain of working her cunt up and down the dildo without
striking the spikes at its base.  She closed her eyes as she worked
her tongue over Ms. Kane's clit and concentrated on her dildo
inside her.  It felt strange, running back and forth across her
inner flesh, so smooth.  She worked her hips around, trying to get
something, some feeling, out of it--it was vaguely unsatisfying, so
cool and smooth, so inhuman.  She felt desire build in her...she
wanted to be fucked...she wanted to come...she didn't want this
teasing metal cock sending cold chills down her spine, making her
yearn for the real thing.  Frustrated, she slammed her hips down
hard against the stool, sending the nails stabbing into her flesh,
sending a delicious pain shooting through her cunt.  It hurt, but
it was fire compared to the ice in her cunt.  It sparked her to
frentic action:  she began sucking and licking her headmistress's
pussy with abandon, earning gratifying moans from Ms. Kane; she
also sent her hips into a flurry of action, her young, muscular
thighs sending her cunt slamming hard down on the dildo and the
nails again and again.


   A cold chill seemed to grip her body as she fucked herself
mindlessly on the stool, pain flowing in wave after delicious wave
through her body, each wave sending a thrill of warmth through her. 
A gut wrenching cramp took hold of her guts, and she grunted with
her efforts, her body covered in sweat.  Ms. Kane was crying out oh
yes aaahhggg ooohh as she rocked back and forth in the chair, her
thighs clenching an unclenching around Karen's head.  Karen
suddenly jerked and cried out as the pain in her gut cracked, and
a painful, nerve-wracking orgasm overcame her, sending her shaking
in release upon the stool.  Oh god, she thought, it was so awful...
so painful...so draining.  She felt wrung out, squeezed.


   "You are good," she heard Samantha Kane say, a lazy, satisfied
smile playing on her face, "I think I'll give you a reward."  Karen
watched her stand up and remained still as Ms. Kane released her
from the stool.  As she stood up, she felt her ass a flaming mass
of pain, and saw her drying blood on the tips of the nails and felt
it drip sluggishly across the back of her thighs.  She stood there
dazed as Samantha Kane removed her plaid skirt and white blouse,
leaving her standing naked.  She yelped and jumped as she felt a
sharp, stinging pain in her ass as Ms. Kane rubbed a damp towel
over it.  "Don't flinch, dear, this is just some bactine to clean
you up.  I don't want you bleeding all over my office."  Karen drew
her lower lip into her mouth and wondered what else her
headmistress had planned for her.


   She didn't have to wait long, for after finishing cleaning up
her ass, Ms. Cane opened the top drawer of her desk and pulled out
a large, strap on dildo.  "Put this on," she commanded, handing it
to Karen.  She obeyed meekly, gasping as she felt a tiny ridge
press against her clitorus when she pulled it snug against her. 
She allowed herself to be led around the other side of the desk,
her fake cock swinging from side to side.  She wasn't really taking
part anymore...she was just acting out her part in this bizarre
play designed by Ms. Kane.  She saw herself look down at the still
bound form of Su Lee...she had forgotten about her...and register
shock as Ms. Kane reached down and pulled out a buzzing vibrator
from Su Lee's pussy.  Su Lee moaned as the vibrator was removed,
arched her back, and shuddered.  Her headmistress merely smiled and
removed another vibrator from Su Lee's ass, receiving a grunting,
thrashing response from Su Lee.


   Samantha Kane handed her the vibrators, one slick with Su Lee's
juices, the other coated with a light film of oil, both still
buzzing insistantly.  "These are for you," she purred, "put them in
for the camera," she said as she moved behind one of the cameras
and focused it on Karen's crotch.  Karen blushed furiously but
moved to obey, taking part in her own humiliation.  She spread her
legs and lifted up the plastic strap on with her left hand, putting
the tip of the buzzing vibrator against her labia.  She shuddered
as she felt the vibrator slip easily into her cunt, sending its
vibration humming through her body.  She pushed it in as far as she
could, her fingers pushed up to the first knuckle in her own pussy,
and felt it touch her cervix, sending a shiver through her bones. 
It felt awkward inside her, but she dutifully took the other
vibrator and pressed it against her anus.  It made her want to
defacate, and her asshole spasmed as she shoved the buzzing cock
into her ass.  She pushed it all the way in until her asshole
closed over the end, and then she stood there, the two vibrators
seeming to numb her insides.


   "Good, good," she heard Samantha Kane say, "now put your cock
into your friend there."  She saw Su Lee's dark, exotic eyes widen
at these words, but moved, as if she were an automaton, to follow
her headmistress's instructions.  She walked awkwardly, the two
vibrators filling her up, deeply massaging her innards, until she
stood near Su Lee's upturned ass.  She knelt down, her legs on
either side of her ass, and placed her hands just below Su Lee's
bound knees, leaning her weight there.  The warmth of her friend's
skin brought her out of her objectivity, and she hesitated, looking
down at the large plastic dildo hovering just millimeters from Su
Lee's exposed cunt.  She quivered as she realized what she was
doing, but realized she had no choice.  She pressed the fake cock
against Su Lee's swollen, dark red, slippery labia, and gently
pushed forward with her hips, gasping as she felt the ridge on the
top to the dildo press into her clitorus.  Su Lee began grunting
and squirming around, but Karen bore down, putting more of her
weight on Su Lee's legs and pressing forward harder with her hips. 
My god, she thought, the vibrators spreading the pleasure pressing
against her clit throughout her body, I'm splitting her in half. 
She was entranced by the sight of the dildo, seeming so large
compared to Su Lee's oh so narrow hips, sliding slowly into her
cunt, her juices bubbling out around the edge of the cock as it
forced its way into her.  She shuddered in pleasure as she sunk the
cock all the way into her friend, feeling it hit her friend's
cervix, sending a jarring sensation against her clit.  A soft
orgasm blossemed in her clitorus, was grabbed by the vibrators and
spread throughout her guts.  Her stomach muscles and thighs spasmed
and she fell heavily onto Su Lee, ending up staring directly at the
penis gag obscenely jutting from Su Lee's mouth.


   She felt a hand grab her head and force her mouth over the gag
and press down slowly, forcing her mouth wide.  As the hand began
pressing her throat down on the plastic dildo, she began to panic,
and placing her hands beside Su Lee's head, tried to push herself
off.  "Stop that," Ms. Kane said sharply, "swallow, come on,
swallow."  Karen felt bile rise in her throat as the hand on her
head forced the dildo inexorably into her throat.  Her gag reflex
took over and she began to heave, her hips still attached to Su
Lee's by the strap on.  Ms. Kane relented, and Karen was able to
recover, swallowing the bile that had risen in her throat.  Again
the hand pressed her head down...she couldn't do it, couldn't take
that thing in her throat...it would kill her....  She began
swallowing madly as it pressed against her throat, and felt a
strange, warm tearing sensation as it slipped into her throat.  She
couldn't breath, her throat spasmed involuntarily around the
intruder, and still the hand pressed down, forcing it further into
her throat.  "Breath through your nose, slut," she heard, and
gratefully sucked in a lungful of air, her nostrils distending with
the effort.  The pain in her throat lessened and the hand stopped
pressing her down, but by now she had taken the whole thing down
her throat, and her lips were pressed up against Su Lee's, her nose
pressing against her friend's.


   Her whole body felt filled, her throat stretched around the
plastic dildo and the vibrators in her bowels and pussy sending a
humming numbness through her guts.  "Now fuck her," she heard Ms.
Kane growl, and jerked her hips back, feeling Su Lee twitch under
her.  She pressed her hips forward again and moaned as the plastic
ridge pressed against her clit, letting out a sharp gasp through
her nose as she bumped up against Su Lee's cervix.  She began
moving her hips back and forth, driving the strap on slowly into Su
Lee; the dildo in her throat made her seem somehow connected to Su
Lee, impaled and impaling, every hole stretched and filled.  She
felt Su Lee begin to rock with her thrusts, and moan each time
Karen brought her hips to press firmly against Su Lee's slender
body.  She felt her own nipples and Su Lee's stiffen as they rubbed
against each other, and Karen felt a boiling pleasure begin to
build deep in her guts.


   Suddenly with a load SMACK, pain exploded in her tenderized ass,
sending her hips slamming into Su Lee's, driving the plastic cock
deep into her cunt.  Her scream around the penis in her throat was
echoed by Su Lee when their hips met with a painful slapping sound. 
For a moment Karen didn't know what had happened, and froze in
place, her fake penis shoved as deep as possible into Su Lee's
pussy, her throat distended around the plastic penis gag, her lips
touching Su Lee's at its base, her body pressed, sweating, hard
against her friend's.  Then she realized what had happened--Ms.
Kane had used a belt on her poor, torn, ass--and Karen knew what
she would do if she didn't keep fucking Su Lee.  So she tenatively
pulled the strap on out of Su Lee's pussy, only to have her ass
explode in pain at its apex as Ms. Kane brought the belt across her
tender cheeks.  A matching pleasure shot through her clitorus as
her hips slammed forward into Su Lee's to escape the pain, another
cry coming from her gagged throat, echoed again by Su Lee.


   She pulled back again, SMACK, pain flashed through her ass,
melding with the sharp pleasure at her clit, spread through her
groin by the vibrators in her guts.  SMACK SMACK SMACK...her hips
humped up and down furiously, driven by the belt biting into her
ass.  She grunted in unison with Su Lee, each downward thrust
bouncing her off her friends slender hips, sending more pleasure
shooting through her body.  She was like a driven machine, sweat
dripping off her body, her breath coming in great gasps sucked
through her nostrils.  She felt a low kining come from Su Lee
through the gag into her own throat, and felt her friend's body
tense beneath hers.  Su Lee cried through her gag, sending chills
down Karen's throat, and began bucking wildly beneath her as Karen
slammed the strap on again into her cunt.  Answering fire exploded
in her own clit as she felt her friend twist beneath her, pinioned
by her bonds and by the driving phallus she wielded.  The vibrators
were a strong wind sweeping her pleasure like wildfire through her
entire body, engulfing her ass in painful pleasure, her groin a
countering cool wind of ecstacy.  Her body spasmed in the throws of
her orgasm, taunt and firm, and then she collapsed, exhausted, onto
Su Lee.

   Three weeks later, Karen lay on her bed at the boarding school,
thinking about what had happened to her after she had left the
headmistress's office.  She had had to go to the nurse to get the
vibrator removed from her ass, and she blushed at the remembrance,
remembering how she was told to lean over the back of the chair
while the nurse reached inside her with a metal device.  When she
had returned to her room, Su Lee was not there, and when she did
return, wouldn't speak to her.  Karen badly wanted to tell her
friend that she didn't want to do what she had done, but she had
been forced to; she wanted to tell her it would be all right, that
they could stick it out together; but Su Lee merely curled up into
a ball on her bed and ignored her.  Karen felt awful, but there
seemed nothing she could do.  What surprised her most was that, for
the first time, other of her classmates stopped by to talk to her. 
She remembered how wary they all were, and how they looked at Su
Lee with pity.  She remembered how each one empathized with her,
and let hints drop about how things worked at the school, and what
her role was. Her spirits were bouyed by these visits, and she felt
a growing sympathy with the rest of the underclasswomen at the
school.


   She learned that the original headmistress of the Convenant
School for girls had had a son who was a member of Delta Sigma Pi. 
It had apparently been his idea to turn the school into his own and
his fraternity brothers' private harem, and got his mother to
agree.  They then began setting up the social structure they had
now:  first they approached the more sadistic and easily influenced
teaching faculty and convinced them of the benefits of having a
whole school of young cunts at their disposal.  They then picked
out several of the senior girls who were especially cruel, and
subtly encouraged them to dominate the rest of the student body. 
Following the sly suggestions of faculty, and receiving absolute
support from them, these girls brutalized the entire school,
offering admission to their clique only to other seniors, and some
juniors--the alternative to being with them was to be against them.
Eventually they began actually torturing those girls who they
disliked, or who did not jump when they wanted them to.  It was a
short step from there to sexual domination.


   At first the school had trouble keeping these activities from
reaching the parents, but by imposing what was essentially a police
state at the school, they managed, until there was no thought of
escape, since there was no hope.  At this point they were ready for
the next step--the introduction of the members of Delta Sigma Pi to
these sexual games.  It wasn't hard, since by this time the seniors
were wallowing in their sexual domination of the underclasswomen. 
They knew that nothing was more humiliating and degrading than
rape, so, at the suggestion of faculty, brought over rapists.  This
act broke most of the underclasswomen, and no more resistance was
made; most accepted their lot, holding the hope that when they were
seniors they would be able to revenge themselves on the younger
generation.





School Girl Part 4


The headmistress and faculty even had a plan to keep the senior
girls from getting out of line.  It was simple:  they would
occassionally, maybe once a week, choose a senior girl who had
displeased them in some way, and tortured and sexually degraded
her.  Long before this stage though, the faculty who were not
willing to play along were dismissed, and more amiable teachers
were hired.  Everything was pretty much set now; the only thing
that was needed was to codify the rules the faculty had instituted.


   The headmistress, her secretary, and the faculty would have
unlimited use of any of the girls they wanted.  The members of
Delta Sigma Pi had unlimited use of any of the sophmores or
freshmen.  The seniors had the same priveleges as the Fraternity. 
The juniors were a special case:  they were free from everyone
except the faculty at the school, yet they had no priveleges with
the underclasswomen.  There was an arrangement, though, where a
junior could become a slave of a senior, who would then allow her
to use, at the senior's descretion, any of the underclasswomen. 
Pregnancies were a problem at first, but the pill, and then the day
after pill, took care of that; the day after pill was a godsend,
since it did not artificially mature the young girls like the pill
did, leaving them their girlish selves.


   She also learned something about the personalities who were
presently at the school.  Ms. Samantha Kane, she learned, was
reasonable, if sexually demanding.  Paul, her secretary, was a bit
of a sadist, and played favorites.  His favorite, and the favorite
of most of the faculty, was Ingrid, whom everyone was afraid of. 
She practically ran the school, getting everything she wanted, but
the girls were most afraid of the girl Ingrid had taken under her
wing, Mercedes.  Mercedes was a true sadist, delighting in bringing
pain to the underclasswomen.  The faculty, over the years, had been
weeded out to all hardcore dykes.  Some of them were nicer than
others, but they all liked to dominate the girls.


   The social politics at the school grew out of the fact that the
girls were expected to maintain their grades, limiting the amount
of time the underclasswomen could be put to sexual use. 
Animosities would grow over a favorite freshman or sophmore, and
the underclasswomen usually got caught in the battles between the
seniors.  The sophmores were used to the setup, and even enjoyed it
to a degree.  They made sure to make friends with a junior or two,
so when they advanced a grade, they could make a deal.  Also, in
their role as sympathizers with the incoming freshmen, most of whom
were traumatized by the attention paid them, they found girls ripe
for seduction.  The freshmen adjusted after the first few weeks,
when they realized there was nothing they could do about it.


   She also caught hints about what happened to Su Lee.  Su Lee had
refused to move from her bed for two straight days, not going to
class, not eating, not speaking.  They had carried her away a day
later, and Karen had not seen her since.  From what she could
gather, they had taken her to the D.S.P. Fraternity house and kept
her drugged and tied in an underground room, where anyone could
come down and use her as they pleased.  Hard cases, and cases like
Su Lee, who just couldn't come to terms with their predicament,
were sent for either breaking or desensitation.  After a month of
being tied in a drug haze, being fucked almost constantly in one
manner or another, they usually returned quite docile, willing to
do anything.


   Karen felt sorry for Su Lee, but was kept too busy to think
about it much.  Her schoolwork increased, and she, being new,
became an instant, if temporary, favorite.  She was taught
cunningless until she was a pro, and found that there were endless
ways her body could be made to orgasm.  The few men from the frat
who came over and used her were the best though, and every time she
was penetrated she thought about how much better the real thing
really was.  Two times a week she and a few freshmen were driven
over to the frat house and taught how to please a man.  Not only
did she suck and deep-throat countless men, and learn how to move
her hips, squeeze her pussy, keep a man on the edge of orgasm,
etc., she also learned how to flirt.  She learned to be an innocent
flirt, a haughty, take-me flirt, a sexy flirt, a slutty flirt; she
learned what to say to turn different men on, and what to do.  She
learned how to act during the sex act:  astonished and pleased,
scared, wanton, a combination of those.  She learned what to wear
and how to walk.  Most important of all, she was taught how to
reach orgasm, until with even the slightest stimulation, whether
pleasure or pain, she could come.


   She still wasn't completely reconciled with it all though.  Each
nerve wracking orgasm held it's own satisfaction, but a part of her
mind still dreaded it, dreaded seeing her kneeling naked before
some man, or on all fours, screaming and gasping as a cock was
buried in her ass, or lying on her back while she licked at another
woman's vagina, or bound in some byzantine way and beaten and
teased until she screamed in release. Most of all this part of her
mind dreaded the way she reacted, the way she degraded herself
before these abusers, the way her body danced to their
manipulations, coming again and again.  Deep down it made her feel
ashamed, made her feel like a whore, a slut, a worthless sex crazed
bitch who cared only about getting off.  At the same time she
secretly relished what was being done to her, and her qualms just
seem to add a tingle of excitement to everything.  She wasn't quite
resigned to her fate, but she knew she was close.


   ********************


    Su Lee returned a few days later, a brokenspirited girl
shambling around, doing what she was told.  She wouldn't speak to
Karen, wouldn't speak to anyone; she did her schoolwork and she
answered the demands of her superiors, but that was it.  Karen was
kept busy with her own schoolwork and other responsibilities, but
she was still hurt by Su Lee's reticence.  Over the next couple of
weeks, she discovered Mercedes' interest in Su Lee.  In fact,
Mercedes' was practically the only one who used Su Lee.  The other
girls whispered it was because Su Lee _hated_ what was being done
to her, and used her passivity as a weapon against her tormentors. 
Mercedes saw this as a challenge, and delighted in turning her body
against her, making her orgasm.  She videotaped every session she
had with Su Lee, and made the girl watch herself be abused over and
over.  She even kept photos of Su Lee at the moment of orgasm,
using them to further torment her.  Karen remembered seeing some of
the pictures, each one revealing Su Lee's orgasm in the expression
on her face, the still life straining of her body, her spasms
frozen on film.


   There was one picture of Su Lee hanging by her ankles from the
ceiling, her slender legs tied together at ankle, knee, and thigh,
her arms strapped behind her back, her long black hair cascading to
the ground.  Whip marks covered her body, and two large, vicious
clamps were fastened about her nipples, but the photo showed her
mouth open in a silent cry, her body tensed, just beginning to
jackknife at the waist, the rope leaning back at a slight diagonal,
obviously jerked there by Su Lee's thrashing.  Mercedes had labeled
it "Vibrator Ecstacy".  Another picture showed Su Lee hogtied and
rolled awkwardly onto her back, all her weight resting on her arms. 
Her head was laying back and a ring gag held her mouth wide. 
Multiple streams of urine coming from the naked bottom halves of
men splattered against her body, little sprays bouncing from her
glistening ivory teeth, her small, hard nipples, her flat, narrow
stomach, her thighs and her legs.  A small, womanly hand held a
fire poker plunged into Su Lee's cunt, Su Lee's body blanched,
tense and arched to meet the invading poker.  Mercedes called this
one "Stoking the Fire".  She had complete video tapes of these
scenes, but carried the pictures so that she could show whomever
she wanted whenever she wanted.


   Karen understood her friend's horror, but wished she wouldn't be
so stubborn.  If she only gave in, accepted Mercedes' attentions
instead of resisting her, Mercedes would lose interest in her. 
Hey, she herself had had plently of horrible experiences, but she
wasn't going to let it keep her down.  She learned and thought all
these things in a little over a month, managing to keep her grades
up throughout it.  Then she learned she had been picked to be prey
in the Hunt.


   She stood at the setting of the sun at the southern edge of the
forest which stretched across the northern side of the school.  She
was wearing only a pair of sandels laced up to mid calf, her
pleated, plaid skirt, and her white school blouse.  She shivered in
the cold, goosebumps all over her body, her nipples hard rocks
beneath her blouse.  She stood among four other girls:  Su Lee was
there, stoic and seemingly uncaring; Andrea, a young doe eyed
french girl with long blond hair and a boyish figure, stood,
freezing, with her arms across her small chest; Kelly, a large
curvy girl, plump in all the right places, squatted on the ground,
looking scared; and Diana, a tall, dark haired girl with classic
southern european features, well formed and knowing it, stared
defiantly at the group of thirty D.S.P. members standing just
twenty feet away from them, some holding hunting dogs tightly on
leashes.


   Karen had found out that the hunt had become a tradition carried
from the earliest days of the school, when fraternity members had
to hunt down real runaways before they could escape.  Now, the frat
voted on their five favorite girls, and all the college juniors and
seniors gave them a ten minute head start and then chased them
down, the first to catch each one got dibs.  The girls were then
carried back to the frat house for a weekend of debauchery.  She
also found out there were rewards:  if any girl managed to make it
to the road eight miles distant, or make it to the frat house
without getting caught, that girl immediately gained senior status
for her entire stay at the school.


   Karen started as the command to begin was bellowed, and turned
and dashed into the woods.  She ran straight into the woods,
quickly loosing sight of the other girls among the trees.  She
started to pace herself, figuring in her mind...ten minutes...six
miles per hour...I can make about one mile...only seven left to the
road...could never make the frat house...I'll have to slow down a
bit...rest...can't keep this up forever....   She had planned to
make a straight run for the road; she was in good shape, strong,
and if she could outdistance the other girls, the guys would waste
time with them.  Her legs flashed beneath her as she ran, and she
felt her muscles working in her thighs, in her stomach, in her
back.  Her arms pumped, and her eyes searched the way ahead for
obstacles.  Cold air bit into her lungs, to be expelled in a warm
breath.  Adrenaline began to pump through her, and an exhilarating
feeling rushed over her:  she was flying through the woods, her
body the furnace powering the engine of her legs, spreading warmth
and wellbeing through her.  She felt like crying out in joy; she
felt like she could run forever.


   About twenty minutes later, her elation, as well as her
adrenaline rush, had worn off, and she was leaning against a tree,
panting, feeling the chill of approaching night on her sweat
dampened skin.  She heard the sound of dogs behind her, she didn't
know how close, but she knew they couldn't be that close. 
Straightening up, she began walking as quickly as she could toward
the unseen road, and victory.  She walked like that for what seemed
forever, occassionally breaking into a trot, her apprehension
growing as the sounds of pursuit increased.  She must have traveled
five miles, she thought, she was so close.  Five miles in no more
than an hour...they couldn't be that close...if it wasn't longer
than an hour...just keep going...run...run.  She was feeling pretty
good, but couldn't do more than a brisk walk for any length of
time...and she wasn't sure she was going in the right
direction...she may have veered off the the right somewhere...she
had to keep running though...it was pretty dark now...made it hard
to see...slowed her down.


   Twenty minutes later she looked back, fearful at the growing
sounds of pursuit, the baying dogs and the call of voices back and
forth, and saw the light of flashlights being playing among the
trees. Adrenaline instantly surged through her, and she bolted away
among the trees, panic gripping her.  She could barely see, though,
dark as it was, and slowed, her heart racing wildly.  Suddenly a
beam of light caught her, and she blinked, frozen, temperarily
blinded, then she began to run.  "There she is" she heard someone
yell, and suddenly she felt a surge of people close on her, the
exposing light now fixed on her, now bobbing before her, now
behind.  She heard scurrying in the underbrush behind her and
something cannoned into the back of her thighs, knocking her from
her feet.  She landed heavily in the dirt and began rolling across
the ground as canine teeth nipped at her, canine bodies swarmed
around and over her.  Her arms covered her face as fear and panic
overtook her, the growling of the dogs and the play of the
flashlights disorienting her.


   Hands grabbed her, pulled her up from the press of dogs.  She
squinted into the blurred faces of six young men, all panting and
grinning and laughing.  They dragged her, struggling and kicking
and screaming, her head thrashing her hair wildly about her head,
and slammed her hips over a large fallen log.  She hung there,
still struggling, the bark of the log tearing into the tender flesh
of her stomach as they ripped off her cloths, until she lay there,
as if over someone's lap, completely naked and exposed.


   Everything was a madhouse around her:  the lights zigging her,
zagging there, the laughter and catcalls of the boys, and the
curious snuffling noses of the dogs.  "Hey," she heard in a daze,
"Caesar caught her, Caesar should have first shot!"


   Answering calls of "Ya!", "Let Caesar fuck her", "Goddamn slut",
"Bet she gets off", echoed through her head as she felt a furry
weight land on her buttocks, and a narrow, slimy _thing_ slide into
her cunt.


   "Noooooooo!" she screamed, feeling the dog's paws lock around
her waist and the dog's hips begin crashing into her buttocks,
sliding its slippery penis in and out of her pussy.  She struggled
and cried, trying to buck the animal off of her, but strong hands
held her down.  The dog quickly finished, and she trembled as she
felt its hot seed gush deep into her.  The animal was pulled
quickly off of her and she felt a man's cock drive deep inside her
now lubricated sheath.  Rough hands grabbed her hips and pulled her
ass back to meet the driving phallus, dragging her stomach and
breasts across the rough bark.  The chase, the lights, the dog, the
adrenaline still coursing through her veins, all overpowered her,
sending her into a daze.  The world whirled around her and all that
was left were the sensations assaulting her body.


   Her stomach and breasts chaffing against rough bark, tearing at
her tender skin; strong hands gripping the top of her hips,
squeezing and kneeding and pulling; hips slamming against her
buttocks, driving her clitorus painfully into the log, sending
brief flashes of overwhelming sensation through her body; a large
dick stretching her cunt wide, churning her insides up, sending a
warm, melting feeling through her; someone grabbing her hair,
pulling her head up, shoving their cock into her mouth and down her
throat.  Buffetted back and forth between two pistoning cocks, bent
naked over a log, pandamonium surrounding her, she shuddered and
came.


   The cock in her mouth slammed again into her throat, sending a
shock of pain to mingle among the awful scraping across her front,
the pain crashing into the overwhelming sensation of painful
ecstacy radiating from her groin, and she came again.  She came as
she felt seed shoot into her stomach, and again as another cock
forced its way past her anus, sending tingling pain through her
body.  She came when warm come squirted down her throat, and when
another cock forced its way into her mouth and down her through. 
She came and came and came.  She couldn't stop coming, not when
each guy took a second turn with her, not when they set the dogs
loose on her, not when they shoved a thick branch up her cunt,
sending splinters driving into her tender flesh.  She was a
flopping, jerking, coming piece of meat for she didn't know how
long, and when she finally stopped coming, she was being half
carried, half dragged through the woods back to the frat house, her
body still wracked with tingling pleasures.


   In her semi-conscous state, she hung between two men, thinking
it was oh so good, she wanted more; and before she passed out, she
thought to herself:  I can't wait...get me to the frat
house...please....


   *************




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Unknown


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





