BDSM Library - Strictly Evil




Strictly Evil
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: He was attracted to this beautiful vixen and turned to be her play thing.
Strictly Evil

by
beck_and_call@hotmail.com




Strictly Evil

by
beck_and_call@hotmail.com

Chapter 1


Our first conversation occurred at Doc Disorder's, the neighborhood
bar. I stepped in just like I did every day after work. Only this time,
I saw a strange face -- a really adorable brunette with hypnotic dark
brown eyes. She also looked like she just came from work. She wore a
short black jacket and a slightly above-the-knee black skirt. Black
nylons and pumps completed the ensemble.

She eyed me from across the bar and motioned me with her flashing
brown eyes to sit next to her. She was sipping a vodka martini, the
same as me.

"Some coincidence," I told her.

"You don't recognize me?" she asked.

She did look familiar. But I couldn't quite place her.

"I just started working in your department. You've been staring at my
legs all week, haven't you?"

I gulped hard. It was true. There indeed was a new set of legs that I'd
been ogling, but the face was always buried in paperwork.

"I have a little mirror that sits on my desk. A quick glance and I see
all the voyeurs in the office. You're public enemy number one. Your
name's Jason, isn't it?"

I just nodded in response. I was feeling slightly intimidated, like I
was a 4 year-old caught stealing pink-frosted cookies from the cookie
jar.

"I'm Lori."

She extended a slim pale hand and I grasped it firmly. It was warm and
soft. Her smile was friendly and inviting.

We continued to talk about work, all the while she stroked my calf with
her leather pump. It was only small talk but I hung on her every word.
Soon, her delicate hand found its way to my crotch, instantly waking it
up.

"I'm sorry Jason, but I've got to get home. I have a lot of reading
material to catch up on. I'll see you tomorrow. Buh-bye"

I was so aroused, I thought about masturbating right there in the bar's
bathroom. I reconsidered and had two more martinis before going home
and falling fast asleep.

Right before quitting time the next day, I found a house mail on my
computer from the "new girl." It politely asked me to show up at the
Holiday Inn at the corner of town and to get a room for the night at
approximately 8pm in my name. She said that she found me rather cute
and wanted me to excuse her brusqueness the previous day by joining her
for an intimate dinner in a private room. I should bring the
Chardonnay, she said in her sweet note, and she would bring the dinner.

I didn't see or hear from my new co-worker again until 8:30pm when she
called me from the hotel lobby to get the room number. Seconds later,
there was a knock on the door with a stunning vision behind it. At the
office, she was always the epitome of conservative businesswoman.  In
the hotel, she projected a snapshot of femininity, a wet dream come
true.

Instead of severely tied back, her dark, silky hair was worn loose and
softly caressed her angelic face. Her business suit was replaced by a
simple floral sundress, and her deadly leather pumps were replaced by a
pair of strappy sandals. But the most shocking change was the playful
smile that spread across her lips. Instead of unattainable princess,
the image she projected was a flirty sweetness.

I first noticed that she had a paper Macy's shopping bag with her. It
must be dinner, I assumed, as she made her way to the couch. We
started on the Chardonnay as she continued apologizing for what she
called rudeness.

"You liked ogling me in the office this week, didn't you Jason?," she
said as the playful smile slowly turned into a mischievous one.

I blushed. Noticing the paper bag between her legs, I leaned forward
and peaked inside.

"No, Jason. There is no dinner in there. But I was hoping to have you
for dessert," she purred, batting her eyelashes.

She grabbed the handle of the bag with her foot and brought it up to my
hands. I removed its contents one by one: two pairs of handcuffs,
electrical tape, rope, a small silver ring, and a strange-looking
harness. I looked at my colleague. She returned the look as if she were
sizing up her prey.

"I don't understand," I mumbled. "Are you kinky? Do you want me to tie
you up?"

I was quickly awakened from my confusion by a sharp slap to the cheek.

"Yes and no," my temptress serenely stated.  "If you want to have
breakfast here in the morning, it would be wise to do as I say."

I meekly followed her orders from then on. Lori told me to disrobe and
lie flat on the bed. I shuddered as she manacled my wrists to the top
two corners of the bedpost and put the key on the nightstand. She then
slipped off her pumps, climbed on the bed, and seductively placed a
dainty foot on my chest. I smelled perfume and leather and my cock
bobbed obscenely in front of me. She rolled her nylon stocking down
her milky white leg, slowly and sensually. Waving the nylon in front of
my face, the process was then repeated with the other leg.

I moaned from her teasing manipulations. But the sexy vixen proceeded
to tie my ankles to the bottom two corners of the bed. She then slowly
removed her clothing until she was just clad in bra and panties. They
were green, just like the ribbon in her hair. She hovered over my face
and planted a deep kiss on my trembling mouth. I swooned as she removed
the last vestiges of her clothing.

Lori then straddled my face, facing my erection. Something cold and
hard was slipped over it. All that I was able to see were her lovely
creamy-white buttocks, but she peered around to tell me that she
put a cock ring around my shaft to prevent any "accidents."

I then used my tongue to explore every nook and cranny of this
delicious goddess, from the small of her back to her belly button, and
everything in between. She tasted heavenly and soon her abundant juices
coated my face from my forehead to my chin, and dripped down my neck.
My own cock pulsated helplessly and leaked a copious amount of pre-cum
as Lori blew softly on it and darted her tongue at it like a dagger.

I went mad with lust but thoroughly pleased my goddess orally for over
an hour and gave her multiple orgasms. She kept me going by bringing me
to the brink several times with her wet pink tongue. She even suckled
my balls in her warm mouth which almost sent me over the edge. But,
alas, I was denied.

We were still locked in a "69" when Lori fell asleep. I, of course,
could not sleep a wink and when she awoke at dawn, I had a splitting
headache. Leaving me bound, she showered and dressed quickly, placing a
ten dollar bill on the nightstand, next to the key.

Picking up the key, I thought Lori was going to finally release me. But
she just re-positioned me and re-cuffed my hands behind my back. For
some reason, I let her, maybe because I thought I'd finally get to cum.
With obvious dexterity, my "date" attached the leather and metal
harness to my privates over the cock ring. I winced as the metal bit
deeply into my already bloated package. My complaints were met with
swift action by my tormentress.

She turned away from me and daintily lifted her sundress. Glancing at
me with a saucy wink, she wiggled out of her panties and proceeded to
stuff it into my mouth which she expertly sealed with the tape. The
taste of her essence distracted me as she rolled me onto my belly for
an ankle to wrist hogtie. I was still in dreamland when she used the
rope to cinch my elbows together. This furiously snapped me back into
reality as the pain seared into my muscles and my brain.

"Uh, oh. 9 o'clock. I'll be late for Ally McBeal. Gotta run," she sung.

As she headed to the door, I hollered through the panty gag. My
seductress swiveled on her heels, and drank in the image before her on
the bed: a hogtied, gagged, horny man with no relief in sight. She
brushed a lock of hair from her eyes and blew me a kiss.

"All I promised you was breakfast in this room in the morning," she
dryly sneered. "Just order from room service after the maid finds
you."

With that, my enchantress opened the door and pulled the "DO NOT
DISTURB SIGN" off the outside doorknob. She sashayed over to me and
dropped the sign in front of my nose. The last I saw of her was her
delectable rear end as it swayed from left to right and out the door.




Strictly Evil

by
beck_and_call@hotmail.com

Chapter 2


In five minutes my mind began to clear. It was still a bit numb from
the Chardonnay which I was still able to taste along with Lori's
womanly essence on my trapped tongue. I looked around the room and
thought about my sorry situation.

"It may be as much as twelve hours until the chambermaid finds me," I
shuddered to myself.

My pinioned elbows were causing me distress, as were my constricted
testicles. But my immediate thoughts were on my full bladder. I drank
half a bottle of the wine the previous evening and I would have to
relieve myself eventually, I thought.

In no time at all, my bladder was causing me unbearable agony, and I
just let loose, It was the first time I had wet the bed since I was
five or six years-old. I was mortified and tears welled up in my eyes.
It was also rather painful evacuating my bladder through my compressed
penis and testicles.

That got me thinking about other issues. Thank god I hadn't anything to
eat for dinner, or the chambermaid would be in for a real mess.

My shoulders, severely pulled back as they were, were soon numb. I
didn't feel much pain in them -- only a slight tingling. I hoped that
there would be no permanent damage. I also wondered how I would face
Lori at work, if and when I ever got back. Would I rip into her? I
doubted it. I would probably never want to look her in the eye again
and would hope that she'd never mention this to anyone else.

Somehow I'd managed to fall asleep. I slept in fits and starts for
about an hour. At about 9am, the harsh sunlight unmercilessly broke
through the clouds to wake me up. Lori was thoughtful enough to leave
the curtains wide open to assure me an uncomfortable morning.

Oddly enough, I started to think about by torturing vixen again as her
taste on my tongue started to arouse me. The blood never retreated from
my cock, so I was still erect, but I would soon find myself rubbing
myself on the urine-soaked sheets below me. I thought about Lori and
masturbated myself against the bed. I closed my eyes tight and pictured
her in that adorable floral sundress and her exquisite feet in those
strappy sandals. Faster and faster I rubbed, like a dog in heat. I was
disgusted by the smell of my stale urine, but I blocked that out and
concentrated on Lori. She was cruel, but beautiful and I wanted to
release my pent-up need in the worst way. It was indeed the worst way:
rubbing my restricted engorged cock against wet bedsheets until it
chaffed. I didn't care; I would rub it bloody raw if I had to.

Lori was kind enough to put the clock where I could easily see it. It
was a little after nine in the morning, and here I was at the Holiday
Inn, hogtied and rutting my bed in isolation. But it was no use. The
cock cage was just too tight and I was just too exhausted, horny but
exhausted.

Just then I heard a light knock on the door and it slowly opened. I
shut my eyes tightly and buried my face in the mattress. I heard a deep
intake of breath and the door slammed shut. I looked up and it slowly
opened again. Through tear-stained eyes, I saw her enter and close the
door behind her.

She was a petite woman with long, dark hair tied back in a ponytail.
She had an olive complexion and, underneath her powder blue dress, had
a tight athletic body. She reminded me of an Olympic gymnast. Just then
a knock on the door startled us both.

"Maria? Maria?"

She opened the door only partially, stepped outside, and closed it a
few inches. It seemed that she was hiding me from someone. I heard a
muted conversation in Spanish and soon Maria came back inside my room
and closed the door behind her.

Maria the chambermaid slowly walked up and hovered above me. I wondered
what she was doing. She slowly ripped a piece of paper from my back,
the tape ripping out the stray hairs that I had growing back there. It
seemed that Lori had taped a message to my back before she left. I
didn't even notice. The maid walked closer to the window. I looked up
and saw a message written in Spanish. Maria turned it over and read
what must have been the same message in English. I managed to read only
a few words but caught the gist; Lori basically explained the
situation. I did catch the last two words -- "HAVE FUN!" I shuddered
and turned beet-red as I heard little Maria giggle out loud.

I don't think she spoke any English but I did catch a few words here
and there; words like estupido and other put-downs that I learned in my
High School Spanish class.

Maria went over to the dresser drawer and opened it. It seemed that
Lori left my wallet there and my chambermaid helped herself to my cash,
my ATM card, and credit cards.

Oh, my god, I thought to myself. If I don't check out, the hotel
will just continue to charge me the daily room rate and leave it up to
the maid to see if everything's all right. If Lori keeps mum and Maria
doesn't tell anyone, who knows how long I could be kept a prisoner.
What especially worried me is that Maria had my wallet. She had a good
reason to keep me occupied while she spent my money. The only people
who could save me weren't likely going to. Lori could tell them
anything she wanted to at work. I probably would just back up her story
when (and if) I ever returned.

Maria gently got down on her knees and looked me squarely in the eye.
Her big brown eyes were as wide as an eight year old's on Christmas
Day. She pinched her nose, obviously an allusion to my pee-soaked
sheets, and slapped me with her tiny hand -- hard!

With my cash and cards in tow, Maria left with the "DO NOT DISTURB
SIGN" and put in on the outside doorknob as she left. I started to
sweat until she returned a couple of hours later. It must have been her
lunch hour since she brought a brown paper bag with her and a can of
Pepsi. I heard her behind me eating and watching television, "The Jerry
Springer Show."

The numbness in my shoulders and groin started to turn into a throbbing
pain again and I moaned through my gag. In seconds, I felt Maria jump
on the bed and straddle my back, knocking the wind out of me. She
grabbed a fistful of hair and yanked my head back. Cursing me in
Spanish, she spit in my eye and, taking the Twinkie in her left hand,
she pushed it into my face. The creme-filling went up into my nostrils
and I had a tough time breathing, but managed to force the air out and
maintain a clear passage. Maria left me alone to finish her lunch and
her television show.

I realized at that point how hungry I was. The smell of a Twinkie isn't
exactly the kind that whets appetites, but I hadn't eaten in 24 hours.
Her sugary phlegm started to dry on my right eye. That left me
essentially blind in one eye, albeit temporarily.

Just then the telephone rang and Maria nonchalantly answered it. She
spoke in Spanish but it sounded like she was discussing money, my money
I assumed. Maria eventually left but returned at 5 o'clock in her
street clothes and a duffel bag. What a knockout -- my cock throbbed
again in salute to her exquisite beauty. She wore tight denim jeans
that simply made love to her lithe body and little black ankle boots
that I've always adored. A tight yellow T-shirt complete the ensemble,
Maria's pert B cups standing proudly. She pulled the powder blue
scrunchie from her hair and sat down in front of me, gently brushing
her lustrous brown mane. My chambermaid seductively crossed her legs
and let her right foot bounce and wiggle in front of my upturned face.
She just smiled the whole time.

When she was satisfied with her hair she ripped the tape from my mouth
and the panties from my parched lips. Before I could utter a sound she
stuffed a Twinkie in it. I hungrily wolfed it down. This followed
another then another, until finally, I had consumed six Twinkies. I was
now thirstier than I'd ever been in my entire life.

"Wwwww.......agua, agua..." I croaked.

Maria moved behind me with the duffel bag and removed the cock and ball
harness, at least she tried to. Unless my cock softened a bit, that
just wasn't about to happen. She went to the nightstand and removed the
Bible from the top drawer and brought it over to me. Maria opened the
book to the middle and placed my testicles inside, then SLAMMED the
book shut.

"AAARRRGGGGGHHHHHHH!" I howled, like a pathetic wounded animal on a
desolate country road.

This apparently did the trick because both the harness and ring slipped
off and the circulation returned to my manhood. That's when the real
pain started. The nightmare of numbness culminated in this ungodly
suffering and for five minutes I screamed into a pillow that Maria
pushed into my face. Then she removed a gag from her duffel bag and
inflated it in my mouth until it stretched my jaw. It was hollow in the
middle and she threaded a clear tube through it. The tube was four
feet long and she let the free end dangle on the floor.

My chambermaid let my tortured cock relax for about a half hour until
she slipped what seemed like a condom over it. I would later find out
that it was a Texas catheter and she promptly slipped a 1 3/4 inch wide
hose clamp over it, down to the base, and tightened it. The free end of
the tube was slipped into the opening at the tip and she stepped back
to admire her handiwork.

Maria took a mini boom box out from her bag, placed it on the dresser,
and turned it on. A song from a CD started to play; it was that song
from The Offspring called "Pretty Fly (for a White Guy)."

Maria did a little dance for me and when the chorus started, so did
she.

"Give it to me, baby...Give it to me, baby," Maria sang along to the CD.

My cock started to swell and soon the hose clamp was evilly biting down
on the base of my organ. I suddenly realized what Maria had done. I had
no choice but to pee into my own mouth and swallow. As thirsty as I
was, I don't think I would resist anyway. I just hoped that the hose
clamp wasn't too constricting. It would surely prevent orgasms, but if
it prevented urination, then I was a dead man.




Strictly Evil

by
beck_and_call@hotmail.com

Chapter 3


"Good night, Jason. See you tomorrow morning," my evil little
chambermaid said to me in broken English.

She put the "DO NOT DISTURB SIGN" back on the doorknob and blew me a
kiss. In a flash, she was gone.

I would soon learn that the human waste recycling apparatus that Maria
set up was indeed workable. The urine went from my bladder, traveled up
the tube, and down my throat. When my belly filled, the process started
over again. Although I caught a few winks here and there, the next
morning, when Maria returned, I was both exhausted and queasy. But I
couldn't vomit, not unless I wanted to choke to death.

Maria released the rope that bound my elbows, and the feeling slowly
rushed back into my shoulders. I would need a chiropractor, definitely,
and a doctor, maybe, to tend to me. But I had more important and
immediate things to tend to, like how to explain my absence from work
the previous day.

Maria undid my hogtie and put the key to the handcuffs on top of my
wallet which lay on the nightstand. She was dressed in her street
clothes: a miniskirt, and cowboy boots. Apparently it was her day off.
She kissed me on the head and with a simple "adios," left the room.

With great difficulty, I struggled to my feet. I was weak and woozy
from lack of nourishment and fresh water but I somehow managed to free
my hands. Not surprisingly, my wallet had no cash, but my ATM and
credit cards remained. Like an idiot, I wrote the PIN number for my
bank cards (my maternal grandfather's birthday) on the back of my
Social Security card.

I made a couple of telephone calls and soon discovered that my bank
account was cleared out and my credit limit was reached, even on my
Chevron account. I wonder how Maria did that so quickly. That was $4000
in my checking and $2500 on my bank card. How would I pay my rent? It
was due the following week.

Luckily, Maria took care of my hotel bill and left my clothes. I
stumbled home, shaved and showered, and wolfed down four scrambled
eggs, four pieces of wheat toast with butter, and a whole carafe of
Maxwell House. I somehow made it into work almost two hours late.

"Jason, what happened to you? You look like hell. Where were you
yesterday?" my boss jumped at me. Luckily, she looked more concerned
than angry.

"Uuuhhh...food poisoning. I'm all right now," I told her.

"Nonsense," she said. "I'll have the new girl drive you home. You're in
no condition to operate a car."

I hung my head. Five minutes later, Lori exited the boss's office and
approached me.

"C'mon lover, let's go home," Lori purred as she winked at me.

I followed her to my car meekly and handed her my keys. Lori looked
around carefully and opened the trunk.

"Surely you don't expect to ride in the car with me, do you?" She
didn't wait for a response. "Get in."

Lori must have taken the scenic route because my head was knocked
silly. When we finally pulled into my apartment's parking area, I was
seeing double. Lori opened the trunk and we walked to my door.

"Ladies first," I said.

THWACK! Lori slapped me hard across my cheek and I saw stars.

"Sarcasm will get you nowhere, you little bitch," she hissed.

"I'm sorry," I humbly replied, and cast my eyes downward, wondering
what happened the the sugar and spice side of her.

"Go run me a bath, bitch, and be quick about it."

I followed her orders as she looked around my apartment and basically
made herself at home. I also tidied up the bathroom for her.

"Your bath is ready."

THWACK! THWACK! This time Lori hit me across both cheeks with the palm
of each hand.

"Shouldn't that be, 'Your bath is ready Mistress?'" Lori shot back.

I repeated the line correctly and she invited me into the bathroom.

"Remove my pumps with your mouth, bitch. But if you get teeth marks on
the leather or any slut saliva on it, your balls are mine...they're
mine anyway but if you disappoint me, I'll use them for jewelry. Maybe
I'll make you wear them as jewelry. That would be ironic, wouldn't it?"
Lori pondered.

She made it extremely difficult for me and didn't cross her legs. I had
to get down on my chest but managed to get her 2� inch heel between
my lips. With great difficulty, I pulled off her left shoe without
using my teeth and repeated the process with the other.

Lori ran her black nylon-covered toes across my face and over my lips.

"You think you're cute don't you, bitch? All the little girlies at work
probably fawn all over you, don't they?"

I thought it was a rhetorical question and didn't answer.

"I SAID DON'T THEY?!" Lori repeated, shoving her entire left ped toward
the back of my throat.

"Ymmmmmfffff...Mffffftrsss" was my muffled reply.

Lori giggled and added "While I take my bath, I want you to buy some
decent food for this dump. I took a look at your fridge and cupboards.
All crap! Junk food! I want you to buy some good food...and some nice
wine," she added.

"With all due respect, Mistress, I have no money."

"Look, bitch, I noticed that nice watch in your top dresser drawer.
Pawn the damn thing and go shopping for me."

Lori then slammed the bathroom door in my face and turned on the
bathroom radio, loudly, to a top 40 station.

"Damn, she found my good watch," I thought to myself. "It was probably
worth a grand but how much could I pawn it for? Before Lori mentioned
it, I was considering it myself to pawn it for the much-needed cash.
But now I was going to have to pawn it for her."

I had to drive about 20 minutes out of my way to the pawn shop and made
it back to my apartment with the groceries in 90 minutes. I got $200
for the watch and spent $100. I put a hundred dollar bill in my sock,
inside my shoe.

When I entered my apartment, Lori was on my couch in my blue terry
robe, brushing out her hair. She was nude under the robe and had her
legs crossed. Her feet were elegantly pedicured. Her toes were as
lovely as her face. Lori was indeed lovely, but oh, so cruel.

"I expect lunch on the table in an hour. Call me when it's ready. Oh,
and one more thing. I want you totally nude when I return."

Lori then took my "Entertainment Weekly" magazine from the coffee table
and went into my bedroom, closing the door behind her.

I disrobed, then made Lori a Chinese chicken salad and opened a bottle
of white wine for her. It felt ridiculous cooking in the nude.

"Mmmmmmm...my compliments to the chef," Lori said, tasting her first
morsel of broiled chicken. "Oh, I almost forgot, bitch. Your lunch is
waiting for you in the bathroom."

Our eyes met. Lori had a an impish gleam in her eye.

"It's in the tub. You get to drink my dirty bathwater. Consider
yourself lucky, bitch. It could have been a lot worse."

I excused myself and went into the bathroom. I looked down into the tub
at the soapy, filmy water and dipped my hand into it. It was about room
temperature. There must have been 20 gallons of water in the tub. There
was no way I could drink all of it. I got down on my knees for a closer
inspection. I could also see stray hairs floating in the dirty
bathwater. Just then, I felt a sharp blow to the back of my head. Lori
had kicked me with her bare foot.

"Get started, bitch. It should take you all day and night, if you're
lucky, that is. You better be through by tomorrow morning though. If
you're not, then you don't get to go to work tomorrow, and we all know
how important your job is now that you're broke. Oh, by the way, if I
catch you cheating...like, say, opening the drain...then you get to
start from square one. I like taking baths. Good luck and god bless,
and NO HANDS! Remember, you are not to leave the bathroom until you are
done," she added as she cuffed my hands behind my back, her voice
dripping with cruelty.

I breathed in deeply. Lori must have had some bath oils in her purse.
It smelled of lilacs. I put my lips to the water and took a sip. It was
bitter, but I continued until my knees ached and my neck was stiff. For
three hours I drank, got up, urinated in the toilet, then immediately
retreated to my knees again, and repeated the process. I looked down
into the tub. It looked as though I hardly made a dent. After another
two hours Lori entered the bathroom. She blindfolded me with one of her
dirty nylons while she tinkled in the toilet, then removed it when she
left. I sometimes heard her in the other rooms of my apartment, but
sometimes it was quiet. At one point, I think she might have left and
returned to work. There were no clocks in the bathroom, and Lori had
already removed the radio, so I really had no idea what time it was.
The bathroom was windowless as well.

I finally made some headway and it looked as though I was halfway
through my task when I heard what I think was the front door opening.
Minutes later, Lori entered the bathroom.

"Hello bitch. I just came from a delicious lobster dinner courtesy of
that 100 dollar bill that I found rolled up in your filthy sock. Our
boss thanks you as well, although she thinks that I treated her. I
think she's quite fond of me but is losing patience with you."

Lori blindfolded me again, but this time it sounded as though she was
evacuating her bowels.

"So, bitch, how's it going? Now, you make sure that you swallow all of
my cute little hairs, okay? If you don't, I may have some bigger things
for you to swallow."

With that admonition, I heard the toilet flush as Lori removed my
blindfold and closed the door behind her. I shivered, but my cock
jutted obscenely in front of me and painfully stabbed the porcelain tub
wall.

I must have urinated a hundred times that day and night, but I was
beginning to see light at the end of the tunnel. Only an inch or two
remained when Lori once again entered the bathroom. She looked as
though she slept for hours.

"Still not done yet, bitch? I'm having breakfast. I expect to shower
when I'm through. I expect an empty tub...no hairs!"

I smelled coffee brewing, just what I needed to urge me on. The tub was
soon empty, only a few hairs remained: some long ones from atop Lori's
head, some short and wiry from her pubic mound. My weary tongue
collected them all, then I stood up and walked over to the sink. I ran
the cold water, cupped my hands, and in one mighty gulp, washed Lori's
hairs down my throat, coughing and gagging the whole time. My Mistress'
lovely visage soon appeared from behind the door.

"Good bitch. Very good. You may go to the kitchen and eat my leftovers
while I shower. We have a busy day of catch-up to do at work today. We
don't want to disappoint the boss lady now, do we? I hear that you're
already on her shit list."




Strictly Evil

by
beck_and_call@hotmail.com

Chapter 4


My Mistress Lori and I drove to work together. I should say, she drove
while I bounced around in the trunk. I hardly got any sleep the
previous three days and had a long difficult day ahead of me. My body
and mind craved sleep but I had to muster up some self-control.

Lori and I worked all morning in my office. I actually shared an office
with another woman, but she called in sick that day. I was lucky enough
to have a private bathroom there, too. At least I thought I was lucky.
Lori would soon prove otherwise.

At around 12:30, we sent an intern out for lunch. I ordered a tuna
salad on rye and Lori ordered a taco salad. When our order arrived,
Lori promptly took my sandwich and flushed it down the toilet, right in
front of the intern. He looked at us both and just shook his head and
left. I was starved more than I was mortified. I cried real tears in
front of Lori and got down on my knees.

"Please, Mistress, I'm famished. I need food. I can't stand it," I
blabbered.

Lori planted her pert rump on my desk and crossed her legs, letting her
burgundy pump swing playfully from her toes. She dug her fork into her
salad and put way too much lettuce, cheddar, and ground beef into her
mouth. With overstuffed cheeks, she mocked me.

"Don't worry bitch, I'll make sure I leave you over some tortilla
chips. What are you so angry about anyway? I paid for the damn tuna
sandwich!"

Lori kept her word and let me have the chips. I hungrily chewed and
swallowed every last bit. I even licked the salsa from the bottom of
the plastic bowl, while she watched, noisily slurping iced tea from a
jumbo-sized cup.

"Thirsty, bitch?" Lori said with a mischievous glint in her eye.

"Yes, Mistress," I answered, with fear in my voice.

"Good, follow me."

Lori led me into the bathroom where she showed me a large box. It was
apparently delivered when I was otherwise engaged at the hotel.

"It's a portable toilet. Just some pieces of plastic and chrome shipped
discreetly from a medical supply company. It shouldn't be very hard to
assemble. I think all you'll need is a Phillips screwdriver."

I think I understood what this all meant and meekly began to assemble
the toilet. Lori left my office while I worked putting corner "A" into
slot "B." She returned just in time to see the results of my handiwork.
Lori brought a paper shopping bag with her and lifted a very large
funnel from inside.

"You did say you were thirsty, didn't you my pet?"

I nodded and Lori went behind me to cuff my hands. She glanced toward
the bathroom floor; there was an area to the left of the real toilet
big enough for the portable. She set it down there and had me get down
on my back and slide underneath it. Through the metal frame of the
toilet, Lori placed a blindfold across my eyes. She then placed the
pointed end of the funnel in my mouth and wedged the flared end down
into the metal frame; it was a perfect fit. She lowered the seat and
closed the bathroom door.

Lori finally slid down her skirt and panties, and sat down with a sigh.
She leaned forward and opened my fly. I was semi-erect.

"My, my, bitch. Aren't we randy today."

As she giggled, a steady stream of her urine splashed into the funnel
and hit the back of my throat. I gagged, but kept my composure. Lori
drank a lot of tea that afternoon and I certainly felt it. It was
pungent, frothy, and filled my belly, but I swallowed every last drop.
I was overwhelmingly bloated from my battle with the bathwater, but
this tasted rather pleasant compared to the dirty, soapy water; warm
and salty -- and it came straight from the source. I didn't realize it
at the time, but Lori applied the harness to my privates as I was
indulging in her womanly nectar.

My cock grew as I drank and soon my poor organ felt the evil bite once
again.

Lori stood up and pulled up her panties and skirt. She washed her hands
and re-applied her makeup in front of the mirror. She left the bathroom
without saying a word, shutting the light, and closing the door behind
her.

I lay there in darkness and silence for what must have been an hour. My
poor wrists were numb from having to bear the brunt of my weight and my
jaw was sore from having to stretch around the funnel.

I soon heard the familiar click-clack of high heels enter my office and
approach the bathroom. But something was wrong. It sounded like two
sets of heels.

"Laying down on the job, huh Jason?"

"Oh my god," I thought. It was my boss' voice, Ms. Hullaby. She was in
her early 40's, a tall redhead with a slender figure; a very nice
woman--or so I thought.

"Lori tells me that you have qualities that weren't listed on your
resume. Perhaps you'd like to share them with me now," Ms. Hullaby said
in a gentle, but mocking tone.

I was silent.

"Bitch, answer the boss lady!" Lori interjected.

Muffled by the funnel, I replied in the affirmative.

"Good," Ms. Hullaby responded. "Excuse me, Lori, I think I'd like to
try out the new toilet."

Lori left and I heard my boss lift her dress and lower her panties.

"I'm on the rag today. I hope you don't mind, Jason."

Soon, Ms. Hullaby's special elixir was spiralled downward through the
funnel. It tasted different than Lori's but I didn't waste a drop. My
boss replaced the used tampon with a fresh one and washed her hands.

"Thank you Jason. Your career here at Henderson, Frye, and Hullaby
will definitely take a new direction. You've heard of the glass
ceiling? I think we've just found the glass toilet."

Ms. Hullaby stepped out to speak to Lori. I heard them on the other
side of the door.

"I never would have suspected ole Jason as a Bloody Mary kind of guy.
I've always suspected him as the Gin and Tonic type. Anyway, I spoke to
my lawyer and I think we can make a contractual arrangement with Jason.
I pay his debts and you train him for me. When you're through, I get
him lock, stock, and barrel."

"And me?" Lori interjected.

"You get Jason's old job and salary. And I get him at my constant beck
and call. In fact, I don't really care for the name Jason. I think I'll
re-christen him becky, since he'll be at my beck and call, now and
forever."

"Lovely. Don't worry Lisa. I understand what you're looking for. I'll
brake the old Jason and rebuild him in the image that you have in mind.
When I'm done, his own mother won't recognize him. I'll soon have him
doing things that he wouldn't even dare say aloud. As bad as he thinks
things are now for him, like they say, 'You ain't seen nothin' yet!'
He'll merely be becky, slave to Ms. Lisa Hullaby--nothing more.

"Perfect. The two of you can live in my condo in the city. I think
you'll find everything you'll need there and more. In fact, if you do a
REALLY GOOD job, I may even allow you to continue living there at your
current rent. That's almost a 400% discount! My dear becky and I will
just have to make do in the 'burbs. I don't think it's what he had in
mind, though, of a white picket fence future."

The two women laughed heartily and Jason/becky knew his fate was sealed.

The meeting at the lawyer's office lasted all of twenty minutes. I was
soon spirited away to Ms. Hullaby's condo in the city. Lori was kind
enough to give me a tour. There was a wire cage on the balcony, just
large enough for a big canine, and one in the master bedroom's large,
walk-in closet. There was another bedroom that was converted into an
office, and a third room, one that Lori called a "playroom." There was
also a living room/dining room area and, of course, a kitchen. Much of
the condo, except for the two bathrooms, kitchen, and playroom, was
covered in thick white carpeting.

Lori kindly explained the house rules to me.

"Rule number one: You are never to stand upright while you are in this
house, unless directly following an order, like preparing my meals and
cleaning up.

Rule number two: You are never to wear human clothing while in this
house.

Rule number three: You are never to sit on the furniture.

Rule number four: You are never to speak unless directly ordered to
answer a question.

Rule number five: You are never to eat human food again. From now on,
you will eat generic dog and cat food, or whatever is on sale.

Rule number six: You are to carry out every order with all expediency
unless otherwise directed. Failure to do so will be a severe testicular
beating. You will then be given a second chance. A second failure on
your part will result in an even more serious scrotal punishment. I
don't even want to tell you what a third offense would entail."

After I stripped and got down on all fours, Lori attached a two inch
wide black leather dog collar around my neck and locked it on with a
silver padlock. A small silver tag dangled from it and was engraved
with the following: "MY NAME IS BECKY. IF LOST, PLEASE RETURN TO LISA
HULLABY."

Lori cuffed my hands behind my back and had me shuffle on my knees into
the dog cage on the balcony. We were on the 15th floor of the high-rise
and I had a lovely view of the city at night. However, Lori failed to
put a blanket down on the bottom of the cage; as a result, the wire dug
unmercifully into my knees. It was a cool night, but it would soon get
colder. Lori left me there until morning, when the temperature bottomed
out at 50 degrees.

I was shivering when Lori released me in the morning.

"I trust you had a pleasant night's sleep, my pet. I know I did."

Lori looked lovelier than I'd ever seen her. She looked well-rested,
happy, and glowing. She was absolutely purring to me.

"Now becky, I'd like some breakfast. When you're done, you may open up
a can of Mighty Dog and put it in the dog bowl that I've gotten for
you, the one with your name on it. Then you may join me for breakfast,
at my feet."

Lori unlocked my handcuffs and I painfully stood up and stretched my
aching joints. I prepared coffee, fresh squeezed orange juice, bacon,
two eggs-over-easy, and biscuits for her and opened up a can of dog
food for myself. It looked horrible and smelled even worse.

While the two of us enjoyed breakfast, Lori started to mumble to
herself.

"Damn pits. I don't like pits in my juice. Damn it!"

Lori kicked me in the ribs with her bare foot.

"You'll pay for this, bitch!"

After breakfast, I cleaned up and joined Lori in the playroom. She bent
me over a padded horse and shackled my wrists and ankles.

"I'll be right back, bitch. I have to change and get my workout tape."

Lori returned ten minutes later, put a video cassette into the VCR, and
turned on the 35-inch television. She looked absolutely dazzling in her
aerobics outfit and took my breath away. It was a two-piece, lime green
Lycra ensemble, with cute little yellow cotton socks. On closer
inspection, the socks were embroidered above the ankle in red with
Tweety and Sylvester; only the cat was in the bird cage as the canary
fluttered above it. Lori also wore white Reeboks and a lime green
scrunchie to tie her hair back.

After a good 45 minute workout, Lori finished her bottle of Evian and
approached me.

"Time for your punishment, becky. You do know why I'm going to punish
you, don't you?"

"Yes Mistress," I responded. "Because I inconsiderately allowed pits to
fall into your juice."

"Very good. There's hope for you yet."

Lori removed her Reeboks and her socks. They were moist with
perspiration, so she had to literally peel them off.

"Open wide, bitch."

Lori stuffed both of her damp yellow socks into my mouth and covered my
lips with a strip of metallic duct tape. I tasted her feet and my cock
began to twitch. She groaned mockingly at this sudden development while
she attached a parachute stretcher to my balls.

"Lets see if we can stretch these babies for Ms. Hullaby. She mentioned
something about wanting them at about knee level," Lori said
nonchalantly while she poked at them with her index finger.

I shuddered at the thought and wondered if she was serious.

Lori attached a short link of chain to the ring at the end of the
parachute and threaded it through an O-ring that was screwed into the
floor. I moaned through my gag as she pulled out all the slack and drew
my sac painfully downward.

"I think five kicks should suffice, don't you becky dear?"

She snapped her middle finger and thumb at my trapped balls and I
jumped, pulling them further away from my body. I nodded wildly.

"I thought so...here goes..."

Lori stood back, took aim and THUMP! She landed a direct hit to the
center of my imprisoned sac with the side of her left foot. I lunged
forward and felt like I nearly pulled my balls completely off. On her
second kick, I thought I would pass out and on her third, she made a
glancing blow to the side of my left nut. I started to moan in earnest.

But it was on her fourth kick that I let out a muffled, but blood-
curdling
scream. Lori landed an uppercut with her toes and I saw stars. I
actually thought I did pass out because I suddenly saw Lori's face in
front of me. At first, I thought it was an angel. But I blinked my eyes
and realized that it only looked like one. It was just Lori passing
smelling salts under my nose.

She patiently waited fifteen minutes before delivering the final blow.
Luckily, she missed her target completely, and kicked me in the thigh,
her toenail leaving a deep red scratch.

"That ought to teach you a little more vigilance with my breakfast. If
I catch any more pits tomorrow morning, your poor testes will pay even
worse. Now I'm going to remove your gag and I want you to thank me, my
pet."

Lori ripped off the tape and I winced. She pulled off a considerable
amount of facial hair since I hadn't shaved for a few days. The yellow
socks, moist with Lori's foot sweat and my saliva, was plucked from my
mouth and I sucked in fresh air.

"Th,th,thank you Mistress. You surely didn't deserve pits in your
orange juice. I will be more careful next time."

"You bet your balls, you'll be more careful next time. Their very
existence may depend on it."

It was the beginning of my first full day living with Lori, and it
wasn't even noon yet. I wondered if I would survive.




Strictly Evil

by
beck_and_call@hotmail.com

Chapter 5


Lori left me shackled to the horse until well into the afternoon. She
went shopping with some spending money that Ms. Hullaby graciously
offered her. She spent some on items that she deemed necessary to train
me, but I got the distinct feeling that she spent much of it on
herself. Lori returned hours later carrying several bags from the local
mall's department stores. She entered the condo humming happily to
herself.

"Oh, my!" Lori exclaimed upon entering the playroom. "You ARE well
hung!"

I didn't know what she was talking about until she described it to me.

"My pet, your balls are the size of grapefruits...ruby red, juicy
grapefruits. They must hurt something awful."

Lori took her index finger and gently poked my left nut. I let out a
blood-curdling scream.

"WIMP! I see that a gag will have to be your constant companion."

Lori slipped off one of her periwinkle espadrilles and shoved it toe-
first into my mouth. Her narrow foot meant that I was able to gobble
down nearly half the shoe. She found a leather bootlace and tied a knot
in the middle of the shoe, right in front of my lips. Lori took the two
free ends and tightly knotted them behind my head, wedging the shoe
deeper into my mouth which cut into the corners of my lips.

"Now I better get something to cool the twins down."

I sobbed softly in my restraints as my balls throbbed in agony. I
tasted the dirt and grime from the floor of the mall on my tongue but
could do nothing -- only swallow. However, the leather and the taste of
Lori's toes were heavenly. They gave me some measure of satisfaction.

Lori returned with a rubber bag filled with ice and another shoelace. I
winced and jerked forward when she pressed the cold pack against my
bruised scrotum but Lori just giggled girlishly. She took the leather
lace and tightly wound it around my sac and tied a knot. This just
served to intensify the pain, since the parachute spreader was still
attached to my balls.

"I'm going to take a nice, long, soothing bath. When I get back, I
expect the family jewels will have lost a little weight.

My sac was numb within minutes and within a half hour, I felt a dull
thump on the floor behind me. I was very frightened and started to
softly sob.

Lori returned to the playroom an hour later with a pink cotton terry
robe and her hair wrapped in a pink towel turban.

"Oh my! What have we here? Bitch, I think you've lost something. These
must belong to you."

Lori bent down behind me and picked something up. She brought it over
in front of me. It was the parachute and the ice bag.

"It seems your nuts got so frightened and cold that they retreated into
your body. I guess I'll have to coax them back out."

Lori put on a latex surgical glove on her right hand and put a small
dollop of Ben Gay in the center of her palm. My eyes went wild with
fear as she went back behind me and slowly stroked my cock. They were
short, slow, maddening strokes that gave me virtually no pleasure but
definitely put me in the mood.

"I'm in the mood for love, simply because you're near me. Funny, but
when you're near me, I'm in the mood for love."

Lori removed the glove and, with her thumb and index finger, plucked my
left testicle and wrapped a short choke collar to it. She tightened the
slack and attached a 5 pound weight to the free end, letting it drop
and swing freely. I screamed into the espadrille as Lori repeated the
process with my right testicle. She even swung the two weights at each
other and played them like Click Clacks.

"Well, my pet. You ARE due two meals per day, but I think that I'll
leave you like this until morning as punishment for screwing up my
juice. But don't worry, I'll free you first thing in the AM. After all,
who else will prepare my breakfast?"

The last thing I saw was Lori giggling as she scurried toward the door.
She turned and blew me a kiss.

"Good night, my pet," Lori said before she shut the light and closed
the door.

I was alone for maybe two minutes when the pain in my testicles
subsided to dull ache. But the heat in my cock nearly paralyzed me with
pain. The espadrille muffled my ear-piercing shrieks but I'm sure that
Lori heard me anyway. I tried desperately to shake loose from my bonds
but it was useless. Useless AND painful, especially since the shackles
cut into my skin if I struggled even slightly. I was sure to have scars
on my wrists and ankles when this ordeal was over. That is, IF it ever
ended.

For over ten minutes, my penis felt as if it were on fire. Even after
most of the heat had extinguished, it felt raw and tender -- almost as
if it had been skinned. My tears formed into a puddle on the floor
beneath my hanging head. I was drained and fell asleep crying to myself.

At 8am, Lori released me and I prepared her breakfast. My hands were
unsteady as I worked the juicer. My Mistress sat at the table eyeing
every move that I made. She looked simply beautiful, although she wore
no makeup and her hair fell wildly and loosely about her shoulders.
Lori wore an extra large men's white T-shirt with no panties. This fact
was made obvious after she parted the blinds and sunlight filled the
dinette and shone through the thin cotton fabric of her top.

"Becky, my pet. I think it may be a good idea for you to swallow any
and all pits that you find. In fact, you should try that every day when
you squeeze my juice. It's a good way for you to remember how much I
despise them. Consider it a helpful hint."

I did as she said, but it wasn't easy. Swallowing orange pits is bad
enough, but on an empty stomach? It wasn't as easy as it sounds.

I served Lori and proceeded to do the dishes from the day before. They
had stacked up while I was chained to the horse.

"Becky, leave the dishes for now. I want you to keep me company while I
eat. Come here, under the table at my feet."

I crawled under the table and waited on my knees. Lori's slim feet and
unvarnished toenails teased me unmercifully. Her toes danced all over
my face while she ate her breakfast and read the morning newspaper.

"Becky, I want you to suckle each of my toes and give them a nice bath.
Do a good job and I may reward you. Do a bad job and...well, you know
the rest."

I eagerly complied and ran my tongue juicily over and between each of
Lori's adorable little piggies. Then I took each one individually into
my hot mouth and gave each their own private tongue bath.

I was in heaven and my still-raw cock started to respond. Lori was
enjoying my homage to her feet and her T-shirt started to slowly ride
up her hips. I couldn't help myself and glanced upward at her pussy.
It was such a quick glance that I hardly saw anything, but Lori
obviously caught me peeking. She rammed the heel of her foot up into my
nose. At first, I thought she may have broken it when I saw stars.

"You'll be all right. Here, hold this up against your nose and tilt
your head back," she said, handing me the dirty dish rag. "I do hope
you realize that the punishment for what you just did is quite severe.
Peeping at a lady is one of the worst things a slave could EVER do.
But, believe me, you've just peeped your last peep. When I'm through
with you, you'll never even think of looking above a lady's kneecaps
again. In fact, you'll be too afraid to."

Lori brought my dog dish out and a can of chicken and liver Alpo.

"To intensify your punishment, I'm going to do something that normally
you have to earn. I'm going to allow you to masturbate to orgasm.
Sounds great, huh? HA! Do you realize how horrific last night's
punishment would have been had you not been so hot for my bod? Lust
absorbs much of the punishment. When that desire is sated, all you'll
feel is the pain. Oh, becky, there will be pain, lots of P-A-I-N," Lori
growled each letter into my ear.

Lori put the dish on the floor and had me kneel in front of it.

"Okay lil doggie, put some hollandaise sauce over that," she giggled.

My cock was still greasy from the Ben Gay and I was fearful that
rubbing it in would reactivate the heat. But I complied and started to
jerk off. I stared at Lori's pretty ankles as she egged me on.

"That's it bitch...bark...I wanna hear you bark!"

When I hesitated, she kicked me in the ribs.

"ARF! ARF!"

Within seconds, a jet of pearly-white cream shot out from the tip of my
cock as I aimed at the dish and grunted. Bullseye! A second shot, then
a third and fourth spewed all over the chicken and liver slop. I
squeezed my cock and pushed toward the head, milking out every last
drop.

"Good bitch, very good. Bon appetite."

Lori put her bare foot on top of my head and gently eased it toward the
bowl filled with the brown gunk and white spunk. I flicked my tongue at
my warm jism and took a deep breath. I hadn't eaten in 24 hours and was
hungry. The Alpo smelled vile but I dug in, using my tongue to scoop up
a clump dripping with my seed. I chewed it several times and it finally
slid down my throat and I repeated the process. My nose started to
bleed again as I was eating and it dripped into the bowl."

"Tasty, bitch? You might as well get used to the taste of blood. You
may be seeing a lot of it soon."




Strictly Evil

by
beck_and_call@hotmail.com

Chapter 6


"Let's go, peeping tom. Crawl to the playroom and wait for me," Lori
ordered.

I waited on my hands and knees, silently, for a half hour before Lori
finally strolled in. She looked devastatingly beautiful in a pair of
blue jeans that hugged every curve of her luscious figure and a black
and white T-shirt with "DON'T FUCK WITH ME" emblazoned on the chest.
She wore Reeboks on her feet and her hair was tied back into a ponytail.

Lori lowered a chain from a ceiling pulley. I never noticed it before
because I usually had my head down in the playroom. At the end of the
chain dangled two cuffs that my hands were locked into. My feet were
then cuffed to a four foot spreader bar and Lori cranked the winch
until I stood on tiptoe.

I watched her walk over to a trunk in the corner and retrieve a black
burlap bag. She brought it toward me and emptied its contents on the
floor. They were clothespins! Hundreds of them, in fact. They were
plastic and decorated in a rainbow of colors.

"I wonder if there's enough slave flesh on you to clamp all these
little fellas onto. Well, we shall soon see, won't we, bitch?"

I thought it was a rhetorical question and remained silent. Lori
slapped me across the face and I finally answered.

"Yes, Mistress."

"Let's start with that useless tongue of yours."

I was forced to stick my tongue out as far as it would go and Lori
placed six all around the tip. I could no longer put it back inside my
mouth.

"I guess we should work on that other worthless appendage. I'll have to
soften it first, I see."

I looked down at my hard penis. That only meant one thing. WHAP! Lori
kicked me in my balls and I swung in my bonds. But my cock started to
wilt and she began to place clothespins from the base on the underside
to just below the crown. The skin just below the head is extremely
sensitive and I thought I would pass out from the pain. In fact, I
totally forgot about the pain in my scrotal sac. As a finishing touch,
Lori put one right on the very tip of my cock, pinching my piss slit
closed.

I was in unbridled agony as Lori got down on her knees in front of me,
a very unusual position for her to be in. She placed more clothespins
on the skin between my anus and scrotum. Finally, she pinched every
available inch of loose skin on my sac and covered it with a clothespin.

A sheen of sweat started to coat my body as Lori placed six more
clothespins on each nipple and the area around them. She stood back to
admire her handiwork.

"You look so handsome, becky...so colorful...so festive. It's a pity
that when I'm through with your training program, your looks will be
one of the things that you'll unfortunately have to lose."

Lori put six more clothespins on both of my ears and even put one over
my nose, pinching my nostrils shut. I could only breath through my
mouth -- and even that was difficult with my tongue in its current
predicament. As I moaned, she grabbed twenty more and attached them to
my armpit hair.

Lori moved very close to me and our eyes met. She sensed my fear and
giggled, then placed five more on each of my eyebrows. As a finishing
touch, she put a clothespin on each of my eyelashes, which effectively
prevented me from opening my eyes.

"That should be enough...for now," she added ominously. "I'm going to
the movies. Don't get into any trouble while I'm gone, okay bitch? By
the way, I'm seeing 'The Thin Red Line.' I hear it's a three hour film.
I may join some friends for drinks afterward. Don't wait up. Bye-bye."

In a flash, Lori shut the light and closed the door. Only ten minutes
passed until my calf muscles started to feel the strain. But I had
other pain to concentrate on, or at least try to ignore. I prayed for
her swift return. The wait was unbearable.

When Lori returned home from the movie, she had a surprise for me.

"Bitch, I'm going on a little vacation starting tomorrow. I'm meeting
my sister in Acapulco. She just purchased a villa and I'm gonna help
her break it in for 14 fun-filled days."

A two week reprieve! I felt relieved.

"But that doesn't mean my power over you will diminish. No sir-ee. I'm
leaving you my sister's new telephone number. Starting at midnight
tomorrow night, and every hour thereafter, I want you to call up and
leave a short message on her answering machine. I want you to do this
for 24 straight hours. Don't think you can trick me, bitch. My sister's
digital machine is equipped with a time and date recorder on it.
There's no possible way to fool the machine or deceive me. Get used to
it, bitch. I may have you do it often during my vacation."

I almost started to cry. That was indeed worse torture than what I was
currently experiencing.

"If you fail the assignment, I will use the cane on your balls,
whacking them once for every hour you miss. If you pass out from the
pain, I'll do it all over again."

I really did start to cry.

"I'll free you in the morning. Good night, bitch. Pleasant nightmares."

Lori once again shut the light and closed the door. She had packing to
do.

The next morning I brought my sore, torture-wracked body into the
kitchen to make Lori breakfast. She seemed much happier than usual,
even whistling while she read the newspaper.

She called a cab and left without ever saying goodbye. She just left me
with a list of directions, things to take care of around the condo
while she was gone. The first thing I did was take a nap. I would need
all the rest that I could get if I wanted to complete Lori's sleep
deprivation assignment. I didn't sleep at all the night before, trussed
up on my toes like I was.

One hour later, the telephone rang, waking me up from my slumber.

"Hello, bitch? It's your Mistress. Hope I haven't woken you up," Lori
said from the airport pay phone, giggling all the while.

She called me again when she arrived in Mexico, then again when she was
settled in at the villa. I was so sleepy, yet anxious to sleep. I was
too afraid of what she might to to my balls.

I finally managed to sneak in two hours of sleep. Lori seemed to call
me often during the day, telling me how lovely her sister's place was.
I started my assignment right on schedule and called the number that
she gave me at 11:59pm. Lori's pre-recorded voice answered.

"Hello bitch, I'm not in at the moment. I'm out having some fun. At the
sound of the tone, please tell me how magnificent I am...BEEP!"

"Mmmmmistress Lori, you are the best lord and master that a slave could
ever have. I wish you were here with me. I kiss the...BEEP!"

I only had ten seconds to record my message. I would have to learn to
be more concise with my thoughts for next time. I just hoped to god
that she wouldn't hold it against me.

I called up the same number every hour on the hour, leaving a ten
second message. At 6am, I checked in with Lori's machine, then tried to
take a nap. I set an alarm, but it was no use; I just couldn't doze off.

It continued like this until the 23rd hour -- 11pm the next day. I
called the number as usual but on the third ring, instead of the pre-
recorded message, Lori picked up the phone.

"Hello, bitch. Happy to hear from me?" she said not too clearly. Her
voice was a little distorted.

"Yes, Mistress," I stammered.

"Guess where I am."

"Ummmm...."

"Rhetorical question, bitch. I'm calling from a hot tub...in my
bedroom. That's right. I'm reclining in a soothing whirlpool and I have
a bottle of Dom Perignon with me and I'm talking on the speakerphone.
Doesn't that sound simply delicious? Yep, this is the life. I could
really get used to this. Now bitch, I want you to listen carefully. I
want you to get a book for me from my bookshelf and bring it to the
phone."

"Yes, Mistress."

"Let's see, bring, uh, 'Exit to Eden.' No, no, no. Make it the Stephen
King book, 'Gerald's Game.' Yeah, that's it. Bring it right back to the
phone."

"Yes, Mistress."

With bloodshot eyes, I wearily shuffled over to Lori's bookcase and
selected her hardcover copy of "Gerald's Game."

"Mistress, I have it."

"Very good, bitch. Now I want you to read it to me, cover to cover."

I let the words sink in.

"What's the matter bitch, didn't you hear me? You'd better get started,
it should take a few hours."

I couldn't believe my ears. I thought that I only had an hour to go
with Lori's sleep deprivation assignment and now she wanted me to read
to her for the next several hours. I didn't know how I would be able to
do it.

"If you falter, bitch, I'll thrash your testicles with the cane once
for every page that you neglect to read aloud. I mean it. Now begin."

I opened the book and began to read. Lori was still finishing her first
glass of champagne when I read the first three pages. She had consumed
the entire bottle by the time I finished the first third of the book.
It was nearly 1am, and Lori giggled incessantly during my read. She
took a dry washcloth, wiped the sweat from her forehead, and yawned.

That's the last I heard from her for the next three hours. But I dared
not interrupt my book recital; I just continued hoarsely reading with a
parched throat and a dry tongue. I was too afraid to ask permission to
slake my thirst with a drink of water. I finally finished the novel,
without a further peep out of Lori. I just figured that she abandoned
me, but I still didn't hang up. I finally fell asleep at 4am on the
floor with the phone receiver cradled in my lap.

At 10am in the morning, I was awakened by a knock on the front door. To
my surprise, it was Ms. Hullaby.

"Jason, I've got a lot to tell you. Please sit down...on the couch. I'm
here to offer you your old job back," she said, holding my hands.

I was stunned.

"It seems that Lori has been embezzling funds from my company and used
it to buy some Mexican property. She wasn't planning to return."

I finally spoke up.

"Did you have her arrested? Are they sending her back to the states?"

"No, Jason. It seems that Lori celebrated a little too much last night.
The authorities found her nude body at the bottom of her jacuzzi.
Between her elevated blood alcohol level and the heat from the water,
Lori passed out, drowning herself in the process."

I looked up at Ms. Hullaby.

"So that's it?"

"That's it, Jason. Ding, dong."

I smiled.

"If you want to do something right, you've got to do it yourself," she
added.

I smiled again.


THE END


=====================================================

All comments are welcome at beck_and_call@hotmail.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  beck_and_call


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





