BDSM Library - The Charmed Ones




The Charmed Ones
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Three witch sisters were interrogated to confess their powers. They were brutally tortured and finally mutilated.
The Charmed Ones
by anonmix@home.com

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
$ THIS IS A PURELY FICTIONAL STORY WHICH DEPICTS EXTREME,
$ NON-CONSENSUAL VIOLENCE. IF YOU ARE NOT AN ADULT, OR
$ IF SUCH MATERIAL OFFENDS YOU, DO NOT READ THIS STORY!
$ I DO NOT CONDONE THE ACTIVITY DESCRIBED, EXCEPT AS FASTASY.
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$




The Charmed Ones
by anonmix@home.com

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
$ THIS IS A PURELY FICTIONAL STORY WHICH DEPICTS EXTREME,
$ NON-CONSENSUAL VIOLENCE. IF YOU ARE NOT AN ADULT, OR
$ IF SUCH MATERIAL OFFENDS YOU, DO NOT READ THIS STORY!
$ I DO NOT CONDONE THE ACTIVITY DESCRIBED, EXCEPT AS FASTASY.
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$

The Charmed Ones - Part 1.

Phoebe bolted from the couch screaming. She had just had the most horrific
premonition involving all three sisters. She had no idea how far into the future
she had seen, so she needed to warn Prue and Piper as soon as possible. She
raced for the phone quickly dialing Pure's mobile.

"Come on Prue, answer" she muttered while waiting for her sister.

Suddenly there was load crashing sound, like glass breaking,  and the room began
to full with smoke. Then there was another crashing sound as who knows how many
men smashed their way through the front door. Phoebe dropped the phone and tried
to run, but it was too late, the smoke had filled her lung. She was coughing and
could hardly see, tears running down her face. The men, wearing gas masks, were
on her in no time, forcing her to the ground, quickly cuffing her hands and
putting a bag over her head. The base of the bag was drawn tight around her
neck. Phoebe was now completely blind and restrained, not that she could see
much anyway with tear gas making her eyes hurt like hell.

"Suspect secure. Search the rest of the house." yelled someone.

Phoebe was face down on the floor with what felt like someone's knee in her
back. She couldn't move.

"The house is clear." another voice yelled.

"Ok, knock her out and lets get her downtown."

Phoebe felt a sharp pain in her upper right arm.

"Captain !"

"Yes Sanders"

"The phone, it's off the hook. It appears she was trying to call someone."

"Have the call traced."

"Yes captain."

"Ok men lets go." shouted the captain.

Phoebe felt hands around her upper arms, lifting her to her feet. She was
suddenly overcome with dizziness and ....

==================================================================

Phoebe awoke in a small featureless cell with concrete block walls and a thick
steel door. She was still a bit disorientated, but knew from the look of the
cell and the smell of new paint that she was in the new downtown prison complex
built especially for holding witches. Apparently a witches powers were rendered
useless within the complex. As Phoebe had no active power she had no way of
testing this.

As the drug that had knocked her out wore off, Phoebe began to focus more the
horror of her situation. The complex had been specifically built for the
interrogation and punishment of witches. She had heard frightening stories about
what went on in this place and she was not looking forward to finding out if
they were true. At least Prue and Piper would be all right, as the three sisters
had split up two years ago when the witch hunts had started. Phoebe had kept the
Halliwell name, but Prue and Piper had changed theirs and Daryl had updated the
central computer records to remove all traces of Prue and Piper Halliwell. She
hadn't seen or even talked to her sisters during the last two years and she was
fairly sure they wouldn't have talked to each other, the risks were to high. All
she had was a phone number for each of them, which she had memorized. "Shit the
phone call to Prue" she thought. "I wonder if they were able to trace it. I hope
not."

==================================================================

Phoebe sat in the cell for what must have been two hours when she heard a noise
outside. "Finally" she thought "I'm dying for a piss." The door burst open and a
guard walked in.

"Come with me."

"Where are you taking me. I need to go the the toilet. I've been in this cell
for hours."

"Shut up and follow me" he said loudly, making it perfectly clear that he wasn't
going to take any agro.

Phoebe decided against arguing and followed the guard out of the cell. As they
started down the corridor a second guard followed behind them. They proceeded to
the end of the corridor and through a door. One of the guards stayed in the
corridor, the other entered the small featureless room with Phoebe. This room
could have been another cell, except it had another door on the opposite side.

"Remove all your clothes" the guard ordered.

"But ...." Phoebe began, but changed her mind when she saw the guard tapping his
batten with his fingers.

She slowly remove her heels and then slipped the straps of her lavender dress
off her shoulders. The dress fell away revealing her firm young breasts and her
slim well toned waist. She wasn't wearing a bra, she didn't need one, her breast
although not small, were perfectly capable of holding themselves up. All that
was left now was her panties. She slipped her thumbs under the straps of the
panties and lower them down to her ankles. She stepped away from the clothes,
holding her right arm across her breasts and her left hand over her pussy. She
had nothing to be ashamed of, quite the opposite, her young tanned body was a
thing of beauty.

"Through there" the guard ordered pointing at the other door.

Phoebe opened the door and entered a larger room. There was a guard on either
side of the door and they quickly took her by the arms and marched her to the
center of the room. There were short chains attached to the floor and longer
ones hanging from the roof and the guards fastened these to Phoebe's wrists and
ankles. She now stood naked, her feet about three foot apart and her arms about
the same. The chains around her ankles were quite tight, but the ones on her
wrist had no tension on them and allowed her to bend her arms.

From this position Phoebe see half the room. Directly to her right was the door
she had entered through, the two guards were standing on either side of it
again. Along the right wall were a number of mobile trolleys with an assortment
of equipment that she didn't recognize. What was in front of her she did
recognize. It was a low long table with leather restraints at each end. Phoebe
had done plenty of reading on witchcraft and the fate of various witches
throughout history and she recognized a rack when she saw one. She also knew
what the rack was capable of doing to a female body and was glade she wasn't
strapped to it. To her left was a man sitting at what looked like a normal
office desk talking on the phone. He had his back to her and she couldn't hear
what he was saying. She wasn't even sure if he knew she was in the room.

At that moment she heard the door open and turn to see Prue, as naked as she
was.

"Oh no" Phoebe thought as tears began to well up in her eyes "they must have
traced my call. What have I done?"

Prue showed no emotion as the guards took her arms and moved towards the rack.
She was the oldest and didn't want to show any sign of weakness. She gave Phoebe
no more than a quick glance, not wanting to let on that they knew each other.
Prue was slimmer than Phoebe, but her breasts were as large, if not quite as
high and firm on her chest as her younger sisters. The guards quickly shackled
Prue's ankles and wrists onto the rack. Her ankles and wrists were about two
foot apart, but there was on tension on them yet. The guards moved back to the
door.

Just then the man at the desk hung up the phone, got up and walked over to the
two naked helpless women.

"My name is Doctor Simmons and I'll be interrogating you today. I need two
things from you. One, I need you to confess that you are witches and two, I need
you to tell me what powers you have. What you have probably already discovered,
if you are indeed witches, is that your powers have been rendered useless while
you are within this complex. What you may or may not know is that the law only
allows us to keep you here for 24 hours without being charged, so I think we had
better get started."

"Now" he said turning to Prue "I believe your name is Prue Spencer. Do you
anything to confess ?"

"Go to hell you bastard" Prue spat.

"I see, I'll take that as a no then" he said turning to Phoebe "and you, Phoebe
Halliwell, do you have anything to confess ?"

"No, please we haven't done anything wrong" begged Phoebe.

"We ? So you do know each other then. I was fairly sure you did, but it's always
good to get confirmation"

Both girls realized then that they were going to have to be very careful about
what they said, if not for their sakes, then for Piper's.

"Ok, anything else ? Either of you ?"

"I need to go to the toilet."

"That might work in one of your college classes Phoebe, but it won't work here."
the doc said, walking off behind Phoebe and returning a few seconds later with a
bucket which he place between her legs.

He then removed what looked like a remote control from his pocket and pressed
one of the buttons. There was a quiet hum and Phoebe felt her arms rising. The
chains tighten, drawing her up onto her toes, at which point her ankle chains
stopped her going any higher. Her wrist chains continued to tighten and she
winced as her body was draw taut and the wrists and ankle chains started biting
into her skin. The doc took his finger off the button and the hum stopped.
Phoebe was uncomfortable, but not in to much pain. The purpose of this had been
to immobilize her and it had worked, the only thing she could move was her head.

The doc pressed another button and there was another hum, this time from Prue's
rack. The rack itself was getting longer and quickly took up the slack in Prue's
body. The leather didn't bite into her as much as Phoebe's chains did, but the
tension was increasing beyond what Phoebe was subjected too. Prue's lower back
lifting from the table as the tension forced her back to arch. She winced as the
tension increased. Again the doc took his finger off the button before any real
pain had been administered.

"Ok, last chance. If you confess now you'll save yourselves a lot of pain"

Phoebe shook her head and Prue just stared straight up at the roof.

"Ok" he said pressing Prue's rack button.

Phoebe heard the hum of the rack and thanked her lucky stars it wasn't her
chains that were being tightened. Although she could hear the rack humming, she
couldn't see it getting any longer. The doc was obviously using a slow setting.
Prue however felt even the slightest movement as the tension increased. The
leather bindings were now starting to bite and Prue grit her teeth as the pain
started to flow from all her joints. Phoebe could see the pain in her sisters
face and saw blood trickling from her wrists and ankles where the leather was
now cutting into the flesh.

"oooooooohhhhhhhhhh please make it stop" Prue whimpered slowly rolling her head
from side to side.

"You admit you're a witch ?"

"No, please I can't. Make it stop" her stretched body now in considerable pain.

The rack continued to lengthen and Pure's body could do nothing but lengthen
with it. The pain was now becoming overwhelming and Prue tilted her head back
opened her mouth and

"AAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" she screamed as her body found the
only release it had available. Her shoulders felt like her arms were being
ripped from her body and all her tendons and mussels were screaming for release.
The doc removed his finger from the button, content to let Prue suffer at this
level of pain he moved on to his other victim.

"AAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" Prue screams continued as the agony
raged throughout her body. She was sure she couldn't take anymore of this.

Tears flowed down Phoebe's face she watched her sisters tortured body screaming
in agony on the table in front of her. Prue's figure looked slimmer than ever,
her skin, now covered in sweat, pulled tightly over her skeletal structure. In
some ways Prue had never looked better, but her suffering screams told Phoebe
that her sister was enduring considerable pain.

Suddenly Phoebe's attention shifted from her sister as the doc stood in front of
her. He had wheeled one the trolleys over and held in his hand what looked like
a curling iron, only the end was steel and smooth, about 6 inches long. Phoebe
didn't know what to expect as he moved the thing towards her right thigh, but as
it drew near she could feel the heat radiating from it.

"AAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" she screamed as the hot iron touched
the soft flesh of her thigh. The end of the iron burning into her, her whole leg
felt like it was on fire. The doc pulled back and waited for the screaming to
die down.

"aaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" Phoebe continued as the pain refused
to subside even though the iron had been removed. The doc had only held it on
her for 2 seconds, but to Phoebe it felt like an eternity.

"AAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" she screamed again as he pressed the
iron into her other thigh. The blinding pain joining with the pain in her other
leg. She never realized anything could hurt this much, but knew this was only
the beginning. As soon as Phoebe's screams started to fade the doc found another
supple piece of flesh to burn.

"AAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" came renewed screams. This time the
doc had stuck the iron in her belly button. Each new burn was adding to the
agony of the previous burns.

"AAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" she howled throwing her head back as
the doc targeted her right armpit. The pain more than she could stand, her mind
struggling to cope with the inputs it was receiving.

"aaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwhhhhhhhhhhhhhh please stop" she pleaded.

"Not yet" said the doc, pushing the iron into Phoebe's left armpit.

"AAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" as she screamed she could smell her
own flesh burning.

The doc then turned back to Prue, whose screaming had died down. She lay there,
her breathing a little strained, her body still in considerable pain, she was
whimpering softly. Her sisters screams still echoing in her ears. The doc lent
in close.

"You have something you want to tell me ?"

"No" Prue said weakly.

"AAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" Prue screamed as the rack started
moving again. Her whole body felt like it was on fire, she could believe the
agony she was enduring.

"AAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" she continued, thinking her arms
would be pulled from their sockets at any moment. But the doc knew what he was
doing and stopped the rack just before Prue's body was about to break. Her
screaming, of course, continued.

"Ok Phoebe, you are a witch, yes ?" the doc asked turning to Phoebe, her body
now glistening with sweat.

"No, please don't hurt me anymore"

The doc wheeled the trolley around behind Phoebe.

End of Part 1.




The Charmed Ones - Part 2.

She couldn't see what he was doing, but knew what was coming.

"AAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" her screams joining Prue's as the
doc ran the iron from her left shoulder blade down to the small of her back. The
pain blasting through her as the flesh on her back burned. The agony was worse
than earlier burns, as more of her flesh been scorched.

"AAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" her screams continued as the doc
went from the right shoulder blade down to same spot on the small of her back
and held it there. This time it was more pain than she could stand.

"AAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRHHHHHHHHHHHHHHhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" Phoebe fell silent as
the pain drove her to unconsciousness. At the same time losing control of her
bladder and filling the bucket between her legs with warm piss.

Prue's screaming had stopped, but not from lack of pain, but rather from the
fact that she had screamed herself horse or was it that she was just to weak to
scream anymore. The doc could see she would be confessing soon. In the meantime
he pulled some smelling salts from one of his pockets and place it under
Phoebe's nose.

"aaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" Phoebe moaned weakly as she came
around.

"Shall we continue or do you have something to tell me ?"

"No I can't take anymore. I'm a witch"

"Very good, and what powers do you have ?"

"I have premonitions"

"Excellent, now that wasn't so hard was it ? Any other powers ?"

"No"

"What, no active powers, you're not much of witch then. Still a witch is a witch
and you'll have your day in court. Now tell me about your friend here. Is she a
witch ?"

"No, my sis... she's not a witch"

"Sis ? Sister ? The records don't show any sisters ?"

"No please she's not my sister" begged Phoebe.

"I think we had better do some more checking on you two."

"No, please I gave you what you wanted."

The doc ignored her, went to the desk and picked up the phone.

Phoebe, still in considerable pain, cried as she contemplated what she had done.
Not only had she condemed herself, but she had probably condemned her sisters as
well. After about five minutes the doc returned.

"That checks going to take a while. Lets see how Prue's doing"

Prue lay there sweating profusely, her body still at breaking point.

The doc moved in close "Your sister has confessed everything" the doc whispered
"There's no point in holding out now. Your sisters confession is enough to
condemn the both of you. So tell my what powers do you have ?"

Prue, realizing that all hope was lost and just wanting the pain to stop,
confessed.

"I'm a witch and I can move things with my mind. Please loosen..."

"Not just yet. Do you have any other power ?"

" I can astral project."

"That's quite impressive. I bet you wish you could do that now ?"

"Please loosen the rack." Prue begged.

At that moment the phone rang. The doc quickly moved to answer it, leaving Prue
to continue suffering.

A few minutes later the doc returned.

"Looks like this is my lucky day. Who would have thought that I would get to
interrogate the famous charmed ones. This is indeed a great day in the campaign
against witches." the doc said with a smile on his face. Both Prue and Phoebe's
hearts sank as things just kept going from bad to worse.

"Now I need two more pieces of information. One, I need to know who changed the
records to remove all traces of Prue and Piper and two, I need to know how to
find Piper."

The doc turned to Phoebe "Will you tell me what I want to know ?"

"No" Phoebe said shacking her head.

"And how about you Prue, will you tell me ?"

"No, never"

Both sisters, while ready to confess their own sins, were not about to give up
Daryl and Piper.

"Brave words." the doc said walking over to the trolleys "Since stretching you
any further would probably kill you before you talked, I think some new
stimulation is called for"

The doc wheeled one of the trolleys across to Prue. What he held in his hand
looked very similar to the iron that he had used on Phoebe, except this one had
two prongs about an inch apart sticking out the end. The doc turned a dial and
flicked a switch. There was a quiet hum. He then approached Prue with the prod.

"AAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" Prue's world exploded as the
electric current surged through her. She through her head back and screamed.
Somehow her ability to scream had returned.

"AAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" her screaming continued as the  doc
ran the prod up her right leg, over her hip, across her abdomen, along her lower
rib, up her side to her armpit and finally along her right arm. He took almost
two minutes to cover this ground and Prue screamed wildly the whole time as the
current blazed it's way through her body and into her brain. Her sweat covered
skin the perfect conduit for the prod. The pain of the stretching was nothing
compared to this new agony or was the fact that she was stretched that made the
shocks so agonizing. The electric current forcing her fully stretched and
strained mussels to try and contract, a task that wasn't possible without
tearing the mussel and tendon from the bone. Somehow Prue had remained
conscious, she wished she hadn't, as the doc moved to her left side.

"AAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" she screamed as he ran the prod up
her left side, taking his time, the same as he had done on her right side. The
pain was so incredible, Prue's mind unable to cope. Her body convulsing as the
current tore through her.

"AAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRHHHHHHHHHHHHHHhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" This time it was too
much and Prue lost consciousness just before the doc reached her left armpit.
The doc went back to the trolley and turned off the prod, placing it on the
trolley. He then turned to Phoebe who was basically in shock from what she had
just witnessed. The doc picked up the iron, which was still behind Phoebe.

"AAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" Phoebe screamed as the iron burned
it's way down the back of her left thigh, stopping at the back of the knee. He
didn't wait for the screaming to stop before moving on to her right thigh.

"AAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" Phoebe knew she couldn't take much
more of this, but she was determined to protect Piper. The doc then wheeled the
trolley back around to the front of Phoebe. She watched as the iron approached
her left nipple. She could feel the heat radiating from it before it even
touched her.

"God please no AAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" The pain more intense
than anything she could of imagined. Smoke rising from her nipple as the iron
burned this most sensitive part of her body. The pain blazing through her whole
breast and into her chest. She felt her breast would burst into flames at any
moment. How was it possible that she could still be conscious, but she was.

"AAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" renewed screaming as the doc moved
on to her right nipple. Phoebe was taken to a new level of pain as the doc held
the iron firmly on her breast, twisting and pushing it on and around the nipple.
This was more than any woman could take and Phoebe finally got her release.

"AAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRHHHHHHHHHHHHHHhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" as she faded into
unconsciousness.

The doc put down the iron and turned back to Prue who was still out cold. He
picked up the bucket which contained Phoebe's piss and through it over Prue,
make sure that most of it landed on her face. This had the desired effect of
bring Prue back to consciousness, as she tried to spit the piss from her mouth.

"That should help the conductivity" the doc said picking up and turning on the
prod once again. "Tell me who changed the records" he demanded. Prue just shook
her head.

"AAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" Prue howled like never before as the
prod was applied to her right nipple, the current arching through her tender
flesh. Like Phoebe's breast torture, this took Prue to new levels of agony that
she never imagined could exist. The doc moved between the right and left
nipples, causing Prue's body to twitch and convulse as the electric current tore
through her.

"AAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" Prue's howling continued. The doc
switching nipples every couple of seconds. Like Phoebe, Prue thought her breasts
were about to burst into to flames as every nerve ending sent agonizing pain
signals back to her brain, a brain that could no longer cope. After about a
dozen switches the overwhelming pain drove Prue  to unconsciousness.

The doc took a break while both women were out cold. He returned about half an
hour later to find that both women were still unconscious. He pulled out the
smelling salts placing them under Phoebe's nose. She regained consciousness to
find the her nightmare was still continuing. The doc picked up the iron and gave
Phoebe a couple of minutes to orientate herself.

He held the iron just below Phoebe's pussy making sure she could feel the heat.

"No please, not there, please"

"Tell me who altered the records"

Phoebe hesitated and the doc moved the iron a little closer.

"Daryl. Daryl Morris. He's an inspector for the police department"

"Good, now where's your sister ?"

"No please I can't AAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" Phoebe's scream no
longer sounding human as the doc plunged the iron into her most private area.
Smoke rising from between her legs, Phoebe now wished she had given up Piper's
whereabouts. She wished she would just die, for this was the worst agony yet,
words alone could not describe the agony she was enduring as her womanhood was
burned away. The pain seemed to have no limits and was never ending, but again
unconsciousness finally and thankfully took her.

The doc withdrew the iron and checked Phoebe's pulse. "Good she's still alive"
he thought. He put the iron down and picked up the prod again. Prue was
conscious again and had heard her sisters final scream, if you could call it
that. As the doc approached her pussy with the prod Prue begged.

"Please don't, just kill me, anything but that"

"Tell me where Piper is"

"No please don't"

The doc pushed the prod into Prue's pussy and Prue braced herself, but nothing.
The doc hadn't turned the prod on, he just positioned it. His hand now rested on
the switch.

"Tell me where Piper is"

Prue could feel one of the prongs pressing against her clitoris and gave in.

"I'll tell you, please don't hurt me anymore"

"Where is she ?"

Prue gave the doc Piper's phone number false name. He then withdrew the prod,
used the remotes to loosen Phoebe's chains and retract Prue's rack. The guards
then took both women back to their respective cells.

=====================================================================

A week later the three sisters stood in the dock waiting for the judge to pass
sentence. Prue had to be held up as she wasn't capable of standing on her own.
Phoebe could stand, but was unable to walk. Piper was fine as she had chosen to
admit she was was a witch before the torture began. It hadn't been a hard choice
as she had seen the video of her sisters confession. There was no way she wanted
to go through that sort of ordeal.

"PRUE HALLIWELL. YOU HAVE BEEN FOUND GUILTY OF BEING A WITCH. YOU ARE HERE BY
SENTENCED TO HAVE YOUR POWER DISABLED AND THEN SPEND THE REST OF YOUR LIFE IN
PRISON."

"PIPER HALLIWELL. YOU HAVE BEEN FOUND GUILTY OF BEING A WITCH. YOU ARE HERE BY
SENTENCED TO HAVE YOUR POWER DISABLED AND THEN SPEND THE REST OF YOUR LIFE IN
PRISON."

"PHOEBE HALLIWELL. YOU HAVE BEEN FOUND GUILTY OF BEING A WITCH. YOU ARE HERE BY
SENTENCED TO HAVE YOUR POWER DISABLED AND THEN SPEND THE REST OF YOUR LIFE IN
PRISON."

"THE DISABLING OF THE POWERS SHALL COMMENCE IMMEDIATELY. TAKE THEM AWAY."

Guards grabbed all three sisters and marched them out of the court.

"What do they mean 'disabling our powers' ?" Piper asked.

"How is that possible ?" asked Phoebe.

"I don't know, but I think we're about to find out" answered Prue.

They entered a room. There was a heavy wooden chairs on the left and right
walls. On the far wall was what looked like a piece of gym equipment. Prue was
taken to the chair on the left wall, her arms strapped to the armrests and her
ankles strapped to the front legs of the chair. A strap around her chest and
another around her waist ensured she couldn't move her body. Her head was then
tilted right back until she was looking straight up at the ceiling and finally
the last strap was put across her forehead to hold her head in place.

Phoebe was taken to the other chair. Her ankles, chest and waist straps were the
same as Prue's. Long steal arms were then extended from the wall behind her. The
arms had thin nylon gloves on the ends and Phoebe's hands were placed in the
gloves. Her wrists and arms were then strapped to the steal arms. The steal arms
held Phoebe's arms out in front of her, her hands about two foot apart.

Piper was taken to the device on the far wall. She stood with her back to the
wall, her ankles and waist were strapped to hold her in place. They then wrapped
long tight leather gloves around her arms. The gloves stopped just above the
elbow. There were four wire cables exiting from each glove near Piper's hands
and as these wires were pulled she could feel the leather gloves tightening. The
wires ran off into the walls on either side of her, holding her arms out
horizontally. Next they placed very heavy leather straps around her chest and
tightened them so much that she could hardly breath.

The guards then left the room.

"What the hell are they doing to us ?" Piper asked.

"I don't know, but it can't be any worse than what we've already been through"
Prue replied.

"Yes it can, this is what I saw in my premonition. God I'm not sure we'll
survive this." said Phoebe.

At that moment doc Simmons walked into the room.

"Nice to see you again ladies." he said "I see you're ready for the first part
of your sentence. I think we'll start with you Prue."

The doc pulled a remote from his pocket and pressed a button. A small door in
the ceiling above Prue's head opened up and something started descending. As it
got closer Prue could see two red hot shafts, each about six inches long and a
quarter inch in diameter. As they approached Prue's face the doc adjusted them
so that they lined up with Prue's eyes.

"To move things with your mind, you need to be able to see them." the doc said.

"God no please don't do this." Prue begged.

The doc pressed a button.

"God noooooooo... AAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" Prue screamed as
the shafts touched her eyes and her world went dark. The pain was immense as her
eyes burst, smoke rising from her sockets. The fluid in her eyes boiling out
onto her face.

"AAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" her screaming and agony continued as
the doc withdrew the shafts. This was worse than the stretching and shocks, she
would have recovered from those, but this would be permanent. She would never
see again. After a few minutes her screams died down to soft whimpers. Somehow
she was still conscious and although she was going to see what was going to
happen to her sisters, she was going to hear it.

"Now I think Phoebe should be next"

"Please no, I'll do anything" begged Phoebe and she would've too, after seeing
her sister blinded for life.

"There's nothing you can do" the doc said, opening a cupboard and wheeling out a
stand with a red hot ball about a foot in diameter attached to it. He wheeled it
over to Phoebe and lined the ball up between Phoebe's hands. He then pulled
another remote from his pocket. She could feel the heat radiating from the ball.

"You get your premonitions when you touch things." the doc said

"I'm begging you, please have mercy, I'll never practice witchcraft again,
please"

The doc pressed a button and the steal arms holding Phoebe's arms started moving
inwards. Phoebe struggled to resist the arms movement, but it was no use. She
tried getting her hands free, but the gloves held her hands open. As her hands
approached the ball the gloves melted freeing her hands, but it was to late, her
hands were to close to the ball.

"AAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" Phoebe howled as her hands touched
the ball. The red hot sphere burning the flesh from her palms and then her
fingers. The ball was electrified causing her mussels to contract, making her
grip the ball.

"AAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" her screams continued as her hands
caught fire, the ball burning all the way to the bone, smoke and flame rising
from what was once Phoebe's hands. The doc hit another button and phoebe's
smoldering hands were pulled away from the ball.

"AAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRHHHHHHHHHHHHHHhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" Phoebe faded into
unconsciousness, smoke still rising from her charred hands.

The doc then turned to Piper.

"Two down, one to go"

"You can go to hell you BASTARD!"

"You stop time by waving your arms." the doc said

"You're a fucking animal"

"Such language" the doc said pulling a third remote from his pocket. He pressed
a button and the wire cables started to withdrew into the walls. Piper wasn't
about to give this bastard the satisfaction of hearing her beg. The cables were
moving quite slowly, but soon the slack was taken up and Piper winced as the
leather gloves tightened, cutting off the blood flow to her hands. This quickly
became the least of her worries as her arms were stretched to their limit. The
pain in her shoulders growing more and more intense as the ligaments tried to
hold the joints together.

"AAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" Piper screamed as her left shoulder
dislocated, tearing the ligaments from the bone. The pain blasting into her.
Before her brain had time to even begin to process this..."

"AAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" as her right arm left it's shoulder
behind. The pain equally blinding and relentless. How could this happening to me
she thought. The agony continued as the machine drew her arms further away from
her body.

"AAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" as the mussels and tendons began to
tear away from the bone. The agony beyond anything she could have imagined, as
her arms were slowly being ripped from her body. More mussel and tendon tearing
continued until the only thing holding her arms to her body was the skin, which
was now stretched to breaking point.

"AAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" she howled as her left arm ripped
off, blood spraying everywhere, pulsing out of the boneless stump that was once
her arm.

"AAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRHHHHHHHHHHHHHHhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" she faded as her right
arm hit the floor in a pool of blood, after being ripping away from her body.
Unconsciousness giving her an escape from the agony.

The End.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  anonmix


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





