BDSM Library - Caught stealing




Caught stealing
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Caught stealing and punished.
Caught Stealing
by Jan Wright




Caught Stealing
by Jan Wright

I checked the note again it said Go upstairs strip to your undies chain your
legs round the foot of the bed and handcuff your hands behind you. I will be
there at 8oclock. I went upstairs and into the bedroom there were the chains and
handcuffs. I took of my blouse and stepped out of my skirt, I caught site of
myself in the full-length mirror.

Who could resist me I had on my sexiest undies gold colored shiny nickers which
had to stretch to cover my arse and the matching gold bra which could barley
contain my big 38 inch tits the gold slip suspender belt and sheer stocking
completed my outfit.

I put the chains round my ankles and round the foot of the bed then putting my
hand behind me I snapped the handcuffs shut, it was 5 mins to eight.

As I waited I thought how I got myself in this mess. I had worked for the same
firm for years and I had stolen over ï¿½2,000. I thought I had got away with it
but my boss called me into his office and presented me with proof of my theft. I
begged him not to call the police, as I would get several years in prison for
this.

He agreed if I submitted to 3 weekends of bondage and punishment. I accepted as
I thought this guy would be a push over he would see me dressed all sexy have
his way with me and forget the rest. It was now 8:15 and I was getting worried
as well as being uncomfortable had he forgot was I going to be here all weekend
on my own dressed like this.

8:45 and still no sign of him then suddenly he walks in as large as life. I give
him a load of verbal abuse for keeping me waiting. You will soon learn you are
nothing you are my toy to do with as I like and you will
Pay for your insolence. I was shocked I had never seen him like this he was 50
years old and always seemed a kindly man very quite.

He walked over to me and examined me like a piece of meat touching my tits and
arse feeling the silky underwear and nodding to himself. Do you like what you
see I said? Shut up you don't speak unless I tell you. He disappeared from view
and came back with a thick collar, which he put round my neck and padlocked in
place. What's that for I asked aren't you going to screw me.

Something was at my mouth pushing I opened my mouth in shock and before I new it
there was a big red ball gag stuffed in my mouth and he had it buckled behind my
head and pulled tight. It filled my mouth completely and all I could manage was
a low grunt.

A silent slave is a good slave he said this will shut your foul mouth up.

He fitted a dog lead to my neck collar undid my leg and dragged me after him
down the stairs to the basement and into a small cold room with a chain hanging
from the ceiling. He locks my  handcuffed hands to the chain and my legs were
locked to a ring in the floor. We will now start your punishment he said I am
going to cane your arse 30 times for a start but first we have to make life
interesting. He disappeared only to return in a few moments with a bucket he
lifted my slip and I felt something cold on my arse cheeks. That will cool you
down he said we will wait while the ice cools you arse.

I stood there already cold and felt my arse getting colder and what was worse my
panties getting wet and the cold water running into the most intimate spots.
After about 10 mins he looked happy at the state of my arse and produced a very
thin cane.

Bend over and don't get up until you have had all 30 strokes he told me, as soon
as the first blow landed on my frozen arse I jumped up it would be bad enough
normally but with a frozen arse the pain was intense to say the least.

If you cant do as your told me will have to make you he said as he started
tweaking my nipples, he continued until they were fully erect then suddenly
there was a intense pain I looked down and saw him putting on nipple clamps. He
attached them to the floor ring and pulled until I was bent over, now if I stood
up it would pull my tits off.

I took the 30 strokes I had no choice a few times I tried to rise but the pain
in my nipples soon ensured I bent over very quickly.

I think its time for your bed now he said he undid my tits and released my feet
from the floor ring and my hands from the chain. Follow he said dragging my by
the lead.  He took me into a small room with a bed in it he undid my hands and
applied more chains that were chained to the bed but did give me some room to
get comfortable he also removed the ball gag. See you in the morning he said and
left me alone in the dark
nursing a very sore arse.

He woke me early the next day allowed me to use the toilet and eat some food.
Lets go and meet a friend he said dragging me by the collar my hand again
handcuffed behind me, he dragged me into another room and my eyes all most
pooped as I saw Jenny from the office hand cuffed in the corner of the room
wearing a red bra, panties garter belt and stockings.

Yes Jenny has been caught stealing as well he said reading my mind. We spent a
day suffering all sorts of torment and when It was time for me to leave I was
relieved to say the least. He released me from my bondage and left me standing
dressed just in panties and stockings I still had a dog collar locked around my
neck.  I will see you at work tomorrow don't be late he said.

I looked at him and asked were my cloths were to which he replied you wont need
them will you as he pushed me towards the front door. I protested again and he
gave me a totally see through plastic mac and pushed me out of the door shutting
it after me.

I had no choice but to put the coat on which only made me look more sexy and run
to my car, I spent the next hour in terror as I drove home and had to run up the
stairs to my apartment without being seen.


The END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jan Wright


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





