BDSM Library - The Humiliation of Jane




The Humiliation of Jane
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In order to teach this little arrogant girl a lesson, the magic gas was used on her so that she would obey every orders from anyone.
The Humiliation of Jane
------------------------------------------------------
Author: Jane 




The Humiliation of Jane
------------------------------------------------------
Author: Jane 

Part One

         Jane was going to make something of herself. At age 24, she was 
determined  to get through law school and become a corporate lawyer. Nothing
else  mattered  to her. Other people were merely puppets that existed only to
help her  reach her  goal. Her beauty was merely a tool that she used to get
others, especially  men, to  do her bidding. Unfortunately for Jane, the tables
were just about to turn  on her.  Jane was like a hellcat around the law school
library. She would make  impossible  demands on the library staff, and treated
them all with contempt. After six  months  of this treatment, the staff was
ready to strike back with vengeance.

        "Where are the books that I asked to be put aside for me," screamed 
Jane,  "You people are all morons, how will I pass my exam if I don't have my 
books?" A  young man who was the subject of her barrage remained calm though her 
tirade.  Tom was used to her tantrums. But today, it seemed like he was almost 
trying to  upset her by not putting out her books.

        "I have your books set aside in a special study carol," said Tom,  "I
did not want  anyone else getting their hands on your books. Come with me, and
I'll show  you  where they are."

        "Let's just hurry up with this," said Jane, "I've got hours of  studying
yet to do  tonight." Tom led Jane into a small room in the back of the library.
On the  desk sat  the books that she had requested.

        "I think you'll find that this is a much more conducive place for 
studying," said  Tom, "You won't have as many distractions here."

        "I don't know why you didn't just tell me the books were here in  the
first place,"  said Jane, "Now just get the hell out of here. How do you expect
me to  study with  you distracting me like this?"

        "Sorry Ma'am," said Tom as he shut the door. Tom left the room and  went
into  the adjacent utility room. From that room, he could see Jane through the 
vent. He  took out a small vial from his shirt, and then reached under the
boiler to  pull out an  oxygen mask. He then smashed the bottle on the side of
the wall next to the  vent.  Upon contact with air, the contents of the bottle
turned into smoke which  seeped  through the vent into the carol where Jane was
studying.

        "What the fuck?" said Jane as she noticed the smoke coming through  the
vent.  It was the last thing she said however, as the fumes quickly overcame her 
and she  passed out. When Jane awoke, it was several hours later. As she looked
up  from her  daze, she saw Tom.

        "Wake up, little Janey," said Tom, "You seem to have dozed off, the 
library's  been closed for over an hour."

        "Dozed off?" said Jane, "There was some sort of smoke in here, I'm 
gonna sue  the pants off of you and the whole library staff."

        "I don't think you'll be suing me, or anyone else for that matter, 
Janey," said  Tom. "That was no ordinary smoke. It was a powerful drug that
zapped that  part  of your brain that you might call your free will.' From now
on you will be  at the  mercy of anyone and everyone here. You will do anything
that they ask you  to do,  no matter how humiliating. Otherwise, you will remain
your usual  disagreeable self."

        "What the hell are you talking about?" said Jane. "I might feel a 
little groggy,  but I'm in full command of my abilities. I am going to report
you to the  Chief  Librarian."

        "I see that I'm going to have to demonstrate the full effects of  this
drug," said  Tom, "Stand up!" Despite not wanting to follow Tom's orders, Jane
stood up.

        "I was just about to get up and leave anyway," said Jane, trying to 
hide the fact  that she couldn't resist Tom's request.

        "Oh, you will be leaving here soon," said Tom, "but probably not  the
way that  you anticipate. Take off your clothes, Jane."

        "What! I'll have you up on charges," said Jane, "The very idea of  even 
suggesting that will land you in jail mister!" As she spoke, she started to 
unbutton  her blouse. "If you think for one second that I'm going to fall for
your  story, you're  crazy!" said Jane as she removed her blouse and let her
skirt fall to her  feet. "You  knock me out, and then try to convince me that
I'm no longer in control of  myself.  What a laugh!," said Jane as she undid her
bra and let her breasts spring  into view.  "There's as much chance of me taking
off my clothes for you as there is me  romping  naked through campus," said Jane
as she slid off her panties, leaving her  totally  naked.

        "I guess your mind doesn't know what your body is doing," said Tom, 
"Nice  pair of tits you have there, Janey."

        "How the hell would you know?" said Jane. At that point, Jane  looked
down  in horror and discovered her nakedness. "Oh my god, what have you done to 
me?!"  said Jane as she tried to cover herself from Tom's intent gaze.

        "Me? I haven't done anything," said Tom. "You took your clothes off  all
by  yourself. Put your arms to your sides and stop trying to cover up like 
that. In fact,  why don't you turn around and model a bit for me."

        "You bastard!" shouted Jane as she slowly turned around to give Tom  a
better  view of her body. "Why am I doing this?"

        "You do seem a bit more open to suggestions than usual," laughed  Tom.
"Let's  go into the main part of the library, there's some people there waiting
to  see you."

        "What do you mean, you pervert?" said Jane, as she followed Tom out  of
the  carol and into the main section of the library where about ten people were 
sitting  their awaiting her arrival. As Jane came into view, she was greeted by
the  hoots,  hollers, and whistles of the men and women there.

        "It worked!" said Sam, another member of the library staff, "I  can't
believe that  that stuff really worked!"

        "I'll have you all fired," screamed Jane. "Wait until the head 
librarian finds out  about this!"

        "But I already know, my dear," said Sarah, the head of the law  school
library.  "I've been fed up with your tantrums for some time We sort of hatched
this  plot  together. A friend of mine is trying to develop a drug that will
help  people to get  more out of psychotherapy. The only problem with the drug
seems to be a  permanent side effect if large doses are administered. If the
dosage is  large enough,  the drug actually permanently destroys the part of the
brain that controls  one's free  will. Everything else remains the same, the
person's personality and mind  are left  intact, yet they are very susceptible
to doing whatever ANYONE asks of  them. If  my friend is correct, you are now at
the mercy of everyone and anyone that  asks  you to do something. Let's test it
out. Why don't you put on a little show  for us. I  want you to play with
yourself in front of us."

        "This is all a bunch of nonsense!" said Jane, as her hand  gravitated
towards her  pubic area. "You can't get away with this!"

        "Ah, but what are we getting away with, Janey darling?" said Sarah.  "We 
haven't laid a hand on you, you're bringing all this on to yourself. Why  don't
you lie  down on this table and spread your legs so everyone can watch as you
rub  your  little clitty."

        "My god! This is sooo humiliating," sobbed Jane. "Please don't make  me
do this  in front of all these people."

        "You didn't seem to mind humiliating my staff with your demands,"  said
Sarah.  "Why don't you cum for us now?" Jane started rubbing her clit faster and 
faster with  one hand, and squeezed her breasts with her other hand.

        "No, no..let me stop, I'm cumming! Please, please, no more," said  Jane
as her  body began going into the convulsions from her orgasm. "You bastards! 
You'll live  to regret doing this to me."

        "Like you regret treating everyone here like scum?" asked Sarah. 
"Alright, you  can stop now, I have some other things I want to try out anyway."

        "Other things?!" cried Jane, "No, please, I'm sorry I treated all  of
you like I did.  I'll be nicer in the future."

        "A little late for that, Janey," said Sarah. "There isn't an  antidote
to the drug  you've ingested. I'm afraid that we couldn't change what you've
become even  if we  wanted to. Anyone else want to plant a suggestion in Jane's
mind?"

        "I have an idea," said Sam. "I think you need a change in diet.  From
now on,  you will be addicted to sperm. You will live for the taste of cum. They 
always say  the best time to start a new diet is now. Why don't you sample some
jism  from my  cock, Janey." With tears rushing down her face, Jane went over to
Sam and  undid  his zipper and pulled out his cock. She took it in her mouth and
started  sucking it,  intent on getting from him the nectar she was now addicted
to.

        "Take your time, and watch those damn teeth," said Sam. "Otherwise, 
we'll  turn you into a whore and make you screw the whole damn school."

        "Please, please cum for me, I need to have your sperm," said Jane. 
"This feels  worse than an addiction to heroin."

        "OK, Janey, here it comes," said Sam as he squirted streams of cum  into
her  mouth. Then, she rushed over to lick up a splotch of sperm that had missed 
her  mouth and landed on the library floor.

        "Tasted good, eh?" laughed Sam, "Well, if you're nice to me, you  can
come to  me for a fix anytime."

        "Well little girl, I guess we've had enough fun for one night,"  said
Sarah, "But  before you leave, I want to give you a little present that I had
made for  you. From  now on, you'll wear it everyday." Sarah laughed as she held
up a T-shirt  that had,  "Your wish is my command.." written across the front.
"Put on your new T- shirt  and your skirt and go on home," said Sarah, "I hope
you get used to your  new  lifestyle soon."

        "I said your T-shirt and skirt!" said Sarah, as Jane started to don  her
panties,  "Leave the rest of your clothing here."

        I'll figure out someway of beating this stuff," said Jane, "And  when I
do, watch  out...I'll get even with all of you."

        "We shall see, my dear. We shall see," laughed Sarah.




The Humiliation of Jane
------------------------------------------------------
Author: Jane 

Part Two


        Jane woke up the next morning and thought that the horrors of the  night
before  were all just a bad dream. "Must have been that pepperoni pizza I had
for  dinner,"  thought Jane, "I've got to watch what I eat a bit more." While
Jane  showered she  thought back and what she thought was a very vivid dream.
"Gee, just thinking about that dream has must be getting me horny,"  thought 
Jane, "I have an urge to suck some poor guy's cock dry." Jane left the  shower
and  began to don her clothes. She recoiled in shock when she looked in the 
mirror and  saw the words written backwards in her reflection, "You wish is my 
command..."

        "Oh my god!" thought Jane, "Maybe it wasn't a dream after all. I  KNOW I 
didn't have a shirt like this before. I'm really confused about all this.  Maybe
the  assholes in the library drugged me last night, but there's no way that it 
could have  done any permanent damage to my brain. I feel just fine. Those
bastards are  going  to pay for what they did to me!" Jane left her room, intent
on reporting  the events  of the night before to the dean. She walked across
campus and stormed into  the  dean's office.

        "Can I help you young lady?" said the middle-aged secretary.

        "Where is the dean?" said Jane, "I was drugged and attacked by the 
library staff  last night."

        "Oh dear," said the secretary," That's terrible, I can't imagine  any of
the library  employees doing anything like that. I'll see if the dean will see
you." The  secretary  buzzed the dean and relayed Jane's message to him. "He
will see you now,"  said the  secretary, "Just go in through that door."

        Jane entered the Dean's office, and said, "Mr. Johnson, I was  drugged
and  sexually assaulted by the entire library staff last night!"

        The dean looked skeptically at Jane and said, "That seems a bit  hard to
believe,  Miss. How exactly did they 'drug' you, and what did they do to you?"
Jane  proceeded to recount the events of the night before to the dean. "So, 
according to  what they told you last night, you are now addicted to sperm, and
you no  longer  have to will to control your own actions?" asked the dean.

        "Yes, but I think they just drugged me with something that affected  my 
judgement last night, I'm sure its impossible to destroy one's free will  like
that."

        The dean smiled and said, "I agree, it seems extremely improbable  that
a drug  could have such a long lasting effect. Such a drug, if it did exist
would  make you  extremely vulnerable to the whims of others. I do have a
question, though.  Why  would you actually wear that T-shirt that they gave you,
if something like  that had  happened to me, there is no way I would ever wear
the shirt." Jane looked  down  and noticed that she was still wearing the
T-shirt emblazoned with the  words, "You  wish is my command..."

        "I..I...I'm really not sure," Jane stammered. "It was sitting on my 
chair and I  guess in my hurry to come here, I forgot to take it off."

        The dean rubbed his chin and said, "Yes, I guess I could understand 
that." His  facial expression became to change a bit. His concerned smile began
to look  more  like a leer. "Well Jane, there is probably only one way to see
whether the  drug has  affected your ability to resist other's wishes."

        "What do you mean?" asked Jane.

        "Well, why don't you come over here and sit on my lap?" asked the  dean.

        "What?" shrieked Jane, "You dirty old man! How dare you even  suggest
that!"  As Jane yelled at the dean, she stood up and deposited herself on his
lap.

        "Well, well," said the dean, "There might be something to this all 
along." He  began to stroke Jane's hair and said, "In fact, if the drug does do
what  they said,  you're probably ready for another 'fix' of sperm." The dean
smiled and  said, "I'd be  glad to help you out, my dear."

        "No, No, NO," screamed Jane, "This can't be happening!" She stood  up
and  undid the dean's zipper, reached into his pants and took out his now erect 
penis.  Soon she was sucking it with great abandon. "Oh god....," cried Jane,
"Why  can't  I stop doing this? I have to have your sperm. Please cum for me,"
she  pleaded. The  dean began to moan from Jane's work on his penis.

        "I have a better idea," he said, "Take off all your clothes, and  lie
down across  my desk."

        "No, please don't rape me," said Jane.

        "Rape?" said the dean, "This isn't rape. I'm not forcing you to do 
anything. I  just asked you to screw me, and you're doing it. It's a situation
of two  consenting  adults having a little fun."

        "Fun?" sobbed Jane, as she finished removing her clothing and  draped
herself  across the large desk, "This isn't fun, and no matter what you say,
it's  still rape. You  know I can't help myself."

        "I hear that from all the women," smirked the dean as he grabbed  Jane's
ass,  pulling it closer to him so he could insert his dick into her. "You really 
are a good  fuck," said the Dean, as tears ran down Jane's face. "I do feel bad
that  you don't  seem to be enjoying myself quite as much as I do. I want you to
cum for me  Jane.  I want you to have orgasm after orgasm until I tell you to
stop." At his  words,  ripples of pleasure began to flow through Jane's body.
She became to  convulse with  orgasm.

        "Please let me stop," yelled Jane, "I...I..I can't take much more  of
this." The  writhing of Jane's body further excited the dean, and a few minutes
later  he spurted  cum into her pussy.

        "You can stop cumming now," said the dean as he took out a  handkerchief
and  wiped his brow. "I haven't had a good workout like that in years," he 
chuckled. As  Jane lay across the dean's desk, exhausted from the shear
magnitude of her  own  orgasms, the dean's cum began to seep from her pussy onto
the desk. "My,  my,"  said the dean, "We can't have that, can we? And you still
have that other  little  problem of needing to eat sperm, don't you?" The dean
handed Jane his  coffee cup  and said, "Here, sit up and squeeze the rest of my
cum into this cup." Jane  sat up  and proceeded to fill the cup with the juices
from their encounter.

        "Bottoms up Jane," laughed the dean, as Jane hungrily drank from  the
cup,  "Good to the last drop, eh?"




The Humiliation of Jane
------------------------------------------------------
Author: Jane 

Part 3


        Jane ran out of the Dean's office, afraid and confused as to what  her
next move  should be. I must get an antidote to this drug, Jane thought. But
where,  and how?  No one in the science lab would help her, they all hated her,
too. And  besides, she  had been told there was no antidote (Oh God, please
no!). Then it hit her,  Sally  Mist, the assistant to the head of campus
security could help her! She's a  woman  like me, Jane thought, She'll help me
and arrest those that drugged me and  force the  science lab to help!

        Jane literally ran all the way to Sally's house, hoping to find her  at
home before  she went to work at the Security office. Panting, barely able to
breath,  Jane rang the  doorbell and waited. Two seconds passed, she rang again,
then again, and  again,  finally just holding down the button. When the door
opened, Jane almost  screamed  in surprise. She looked at the door expecting to
see Sally, but instead saw  Brian, the  campus gardener.

        "What do you want?" asked Brian, looking over Jane's clothing (or  lack
of), a  glint of lust showing in his eyes.

        "I need to talk to Sally immediately. Let me in!" Jane shouted at  the
man, while her eyes glanced down to his crotch, her mouth beginning to fill with 
saliva,  and her addiction coming on strong!

        "She's not here," Brian replied, "Come back in a couple of hours,  she
should  be back by then." Jane pushed past him, walking into Sally's house and 
flopping  down into an easy chair in the living room.

        "I'll just wait for her," she said.

        "Like hell you will!" Brian replied, "I have work to do outside and 
don't have  time to watch you while I do it. Now get out of that chair!"

        Jane jumped out of her chair at his words, saying "I will not  leave, I
must stay  to report those men!" What's the matter with this bitch, Brian
thought, she  says she  won't go, yet jumped like a scalded cat when I told her
to stand up. That  bitch never  does what someone says, especially a man.

        "What's the matter, Jane?" Brian asked her, not trusting her one  bit,
having  been reported by her for various reasons in the past. Jane quickly told
him  the entire  story, not because she wanted to, but the drug gave her no
choice, she must  do  what ever anyone tells her, and Brian had told her to tell
him. As she  talked, a smile  started to form on Brian's mouth, turning into a
huge grin. Bitch, he  thought, if this  is true, we are gonna have some fun
today! Jane, realizing the danger she  was in,  started to leave.

        "Tell Sally I'll stop in later," she said.

        "Stop right there," Brian said. Jane immediately froze in place.

        "You'll regret this. I'll have you thrown in jail, too!" Jane  yelled at
him, tears  starting to stream down her face.

        "Shut up and stop crying, NOW!" he replied. She was immediately  quiet,
the  tears stopping on her face. This is great, he thought, now, to have some 
fun! Brian  walked over to the chair and sat down.

        "Now Bitch, take off all your clothes and then start to play with 
yourself. I  want you to rub your titties and finger your pussy. Bring your self
up to the point of cumming,  but don't  cum. Oh, and put a smile on your face,
and you can moan, but not talk!"  Jane  quickly took off her clothes. Her left
hand started to rub her firm, young  breasts, as  her right hand moved down to
her pussy. A low moan escaped her lips as her  hand  started to rub on her
pussy. First she started to massage her clit with her  palm, then  one finger
slipped into her hot channel, then two, and finally three  fingers were  inside
as her hips began to pump in rhythm to her hand moving in and out of  her 
pussy. She was on the verge of coming now, her nipples hot and hard to her 
touch  as she rubbed them, her salty come beginning to drip down her thighs from 
her  fingers. She was moaning loudly, her head thrown back and swaying gently as 
her  body moved in rhythm to her roving hands. Her pussy felt like it was on 
fire, her  fingers moving in and out faster now, trying to bring herself off,
but  unable to quite  make it to orgasm. Her cheeks were flushed, as was her
chest as she tried  and tried  to come, but could not because of Brian's orders.
Brian looked on in shock. She's actually doing it, he thought, I  can't believe 
it!

        "Now Jane," he said, "besides being addicted to sperm, your also 
addicted to  female cum, but the more you eat, the more you need sperm. Now, you
may  lick  your own cum!" Jane's hand left her pussy and went straight into her
mouth.  She  sucked hungrily on her fingers, trying to get all her juice off.
Her other  hand now  moved down to her pussy, plunging in and out, getting it's
own load ready  for her  eager mouth. Quickly she switched hands, not missing a
single stroke. Her  mouth  cleaning her fingers, her tongue getting every drop
of juice as she  greedily drank it  down, each taste of the salty fluid making
her want more and more. Back and  forth  her hands went, pussy to mouth, pussy
to mouth, till hardly a drop of cum  could be  seen, so well did she lick
herself.

        "Jane," Brian said, "Stop drinking your cum. Get on your hands and 
knees and  crawl over here and suck my cock!" Jane dropped to her knees and
started  crawling  over to Brian, her firm ass wiggling back and forth as she
moved, her tits  swaying  beneath her. She saw Brain had removed his clothes
while he watched her,  his huge  10" erection waiting for her as he sat in the
chair. She got between his  legs and got  up on her knees, her head moving
toward his penis, mouth opening wide as  she slid  her soft lips over his head!
It had a salty, stale, taste, and the strong  smell of body  odor hit her
nostrils. Must not have showered for a while, she thought. Her  head  moved up
and down about half his shaft, low moans escaping her lips as she  sucked  him
into her eager mouth, the taste of cum on the tip of his penis exciting  her
more  as she moved on his shaft, needing the whole load down her throat.

        "That's awful, Jane. Start using your tongue to lick my dick while  you
suck, and  take it all the way down your throat!" Brian shouted at her. Jane
pushed  her head  down on his huge shaft. It hit the back of her throat and kept
on going  down. She  started to gag on it, but could not stop herself from
swallowing it all.  She could feel  it spreading her throat as it went down,
it's hardness filling her neck, as  her tongue  now began to dart along his
shaft, from the base, all the way to his  sensitive head,  where it danced
across the top before started it's journey back to the  bottom,  moving along
the veins now sticking out of his rod like speed bumps, until  her nose  buried
itself in his pubic hair. She felt his hands move to her head, one  on each
side,  grabbing her hair and guiding her head up and down on his swollen member, 
her  mouth working feverishly to bring him off so she could have the cum she 
needed.

        Brian knew he was about to cum, the pressure building in his  testicles
as her  mouth moved up and down his rod, glistening with her spit. Up and down
she  went,  her tongue now driving Brian crazy, licking on each section of his
shaft as  she  moved her velvet mouth on it. Finally, he came, his hands pulling
her  sucking mouth  into his crotch and burying his dick deep into her throat as
he began to  pump his  load into her. He felt her throat contract again and
again, swallowing all  of his cum,  until he collapsed back into the chair,
watching her continue to suck every  drop of  cum from his dick. Jane knew he
was getting ready to cum, her mouth working  harder and harder to get the load
she so desperately needed.

        Then, she felt him tense, yanking her head into his crotch so hard  she
couldn't  breath (not that she could anyway, with his dick in her throat!), his
penis  burying  itself deep into her sucking mouth. It began to pulse even
larger, each  pulse sending  a squirt of cum that Jane wanted. Her throat acted
like a hand, milking the  cum  from his dick, and sending it to her stomach. As
Brian collapsed back, he  let go of  Jane. She moved her mouth to the top of his
rod, sucking for all she was  worth. The  salty taste of his cum began to
satisfy her, but she wanted it all.

        She sucked on his head, her tongue darting down his shaft, as her 
fingers  played with his balls, trying to get all of his nectar out. Another
pulse  filled her  mouth, she gulped, again and again, the thick fluid sliding
easily down her  throat,  beginning to satisfy her addiction. Some of his cum
leaked out and down his  now  spent rod into his pubic hair. Quickly she worked
her tongue down, cleaning  up  what had spilled, her tongue making little
circles in his pubic hair, then  up his now  softening penis, licking the drops
flowing down its sides, getting back up  to the tip,  plunging her tongue into
its hole seeking more of his nectar, until his  dick was  totally cleaned of
cum. She kept sucking and licking, moaning to herself  loudly,  trying to get
all his juice, not wasting a drop, swallowing over and over  to make  sure she
got it all, before she finally let his dick, now soft, but still  large, slip
from  her mouth, her head resting on his thigh, looking into space, quite 
satisfied now for  cum, but still quite horny, because she still hadn't been
told she could  cum herself.

        Brian looked down at Jane, "What a day we're going to have!" he  said,
"and it's  not even one quarter over with yet! I didn't tell you to stop
sucking, get  your mouth  back on my dick and don't take it off until I tell you
to!" Jane moved her  head back  to his dick. She opened her mouth, taking the
member into her. Her tongue  twirled  around the head, then down his shaft. She
could get the whole thing inside  her  mouth now with no problems, as soft as it
was. She sucked on its head,  stretching  his penis to it's erect size, then
moved back down to it's base. Her tongue  played  with it's head, moving around
the foreskin, moving the skin back and forth,  as her  mouth worked on the body
of his placid rod, slipping over its entire  length.

        "Ok Jane," Brian said, "I realize this has not been fair to you,  one
sided and all.  So, from now one whenever I say the word cunt, you will have an
orgasm, a  giant  powerful orgasm. After you cum, you will stay worked up and on
the verge of  cumming like you are right now!" Brian looked at her, the head
moving over  his  shaft, working feverishly to get him hard again, her breasts,
milky white  until her  nipples formed, standing straight out, hard as rocks
pressing into the  sides of his  thighs.

        "Cunt," he said.

        "OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" Jane moaned, then shuddered as a giant  orgasm
traveled through her body, shaking her so hard she had to grabbed  onto  Brian's
thighs to steady herself. Her knees, already sore from kneeling so  long  (thank
God Sally had deep pile carpeting), dragged back and forth as her  body  rocked
in orgasm.

        "Cunt, cunt, cunt, cunt, cunt, cunt," Brian said five times,  looking
down with  glee at the affect the orgasms had on her.

        "Awwwwwwwww, Ohhhhhh!" Jane cried, again and again. Five times as  she 
trembled for each orgasm and shook as they rolled though her body. The dick 
slipped from her mouth, her tongue jumped out, trying to recapture the 
glistening  tool. She needing to feel it back inside her wet cavity. My God,
Jane  thought, what  has become of me? I don't want to do this, but I can't
stop. I have no  control of my  body or my emotions. Her knees hurt from there
rubbing on the carpet, her  body  was sore and aching from her steam rolling
orgasms, but she continued to  suck on  Brian's rod, working with gusto to get
him hard again, and her pussy still  dripped  her juice, ready to cum again.

        Up and down her mouth worked, fitting his dick like a glove. Her  tongue 
played with the head, plunged at it's tip, and traveled down to the base, 
twirling  along his veins. Soon her efforts were rewarded. The tool began to
grow in  her  mouth, getting harder and harder with each touch of her soft
tongue, edging  into the  back of her throat, while her mouth moved along it's
length. Then it was  it's full  size, 10" of muscle moving in her mouth, down
her throat. All along it's  massive  length Jane sucked and tongued. Her own
addiction now took over, needing to  taste  his manly fluid again. Brian look at
his tool, now rock hard, disappearing  in and out  of Jane's sucking mouth.

        "Ok Jane," Brian said "stop sucking now. Lie on the floor on your  back
with  your legs spread wide, ready to be fucked, and play with yourself. I want 
to see  your fingers moving in and out of your cunt." Jane stopped sucking and 
began to  lie back, following Brian's instructions until she heard the word
cunt. The  orgasm  racked her body, sending her falling backward, her head
slamming into the  carpet.  As the orgasm hit and threw her body, her fingers
moved down into her  pussy, three  fingers started to pump in and out of her
love nest, as low moans of  pleasure  escaped her lips.

        Brian saw her lying there, fucking herself with her fingers, her  body
moving and  wriggling in unison with her plunging digits, her juice dripping
onto the  carpet. He  knew he had to have her, his dick was even harder at the
sight of her there  on the  floor, her hard nipples pointing straight up into
the air, jutting out so  much, they  looked like they wanted to takeoff like a
rocket.

        With one hand on his tool, Brian moved between Jane's legs, telling  her
to stop  playing with herself. He laid on top of her, kissing her mouth, forcing
his  tongue  into her, moving it around inside. His mouth moved down to her
right  nipple, taking  it into his mouth. He sucked on the dollar size orb, then
forced as much  into his  mouth as he could. His hand was playing with her other
breast, kneading the  soft  yielding flesh in his hand. His mouth now moved back
up to her nipple, his  teeth  reaching out, first gently biting her tit, then
harder, until Jane moaned  loudly from  the treatment.

        Jane felt Brian's weight press against her flesh. His hard chest 
smashed her  breasts, her nipples pushing up into his unyielding body. Her mind
was  repulsed by  his actions, but her body reacted warmly to his manhandling of
her. As his  mouth  moved down to engulf her breast, Jane's body arched it's
back, trying to  force more  of her firm tit into his mouth. As he sucked and
nibbled on her mammaries,  little  sparks of excitement went cursing through her
body, to center themselves on  her  love nest, now feeling his manhood probing
and rubbing on the outside of  her pussy,  hitting her clit, sending long moans
from her lips, as her juice continued  to leak out,  covering his huge member.

        Brian looked up at Jane's face, a look of total sexual want on it.  He
place his  massive member against her tight opening, and shoved. It's head
disappeared  into  her hole. Then, with one mighty shove, he buried the entire
length of his  dick into  her tight, wet hole. He could feel the head run into
her uterus, forcing it  back, until  his pubic hair was meshed with hers, his
whole pole deep within Jane, the  heat of  her pussy walls on his dick arousing
him even more.

        Jane felt the head of his cock move into her open pussy, spreading  it
more than  it had ever been. He can't put that huge thing in me, she thought,
it'll  rip me apart.  Then she felt him slam into her, his member going deep
into her soft  depths. She  moaned in pain, as his thrust pushed back her uterus
and took the breath  from her.  She felt as if her insides were splitting, his
penis a hot poker going up  inside her  canal, spreading her walls of love,
filling her up beyond capacity.

        God, she's tight, Brian thought! Her pussy grabbed onto his dick,  like
a tight  glove on a finger. He moved his dick out of her hole, with only the tip 
remaining in  her, then pushed back into her as hard as he could, going even
deeper into  her soft  flesh. He began to move, faster and faster, in and out of
her. As his dick  moved, it  felt like a thousand fingers running gently along
it's length, massaging  him, sucking  him back in on every stroke. Her pussy
walls massaged his member expertly,  the  heat spreading into his turgid member,
exciting him even more.

        As Brian began to pump in and out of her pussy, the pain slowly  began
to leave  Jane, to be replaced by a burning desire. She could feel his head move
up  and down  her channel. As it withdrew, a vacuum was formed, pressing her
insides  tight against  his rigid member, trying to suck him back into her hot
twat. She timed her  breathing  with his thrust, in and out. As he plunged into
her, harder and harder, her  breath  coming in short bursts matching his speed.
She could feel the huge rod  moving  inside her, so large it pushed her
intestines aside as it moved up and down  her  channel of lust.

        "Move those hips Bitch and fuck me back!" Brian yelled at her. She 
quickly  shot her hips up to meet his downward thrusts, pushing his manhood even 
deeper  inside. A loud moan escaped her lips with the deep penetration, bringing 
her even  closer to cumming, her desire giving her eyes an almost glazed look.
Her  hips were  shooting up with each of his plunges now, gyrating in circles
when it was  buried  deep inside her, then moving back down only to be thrown up
again with even  more  force. She could feel her pussy now, hot and moist from
her drug induce  desire,  massage his giant tool as it pounded in and out of
her, the heat building  in her lower  abdomen, spreading across her body. She
threw her love nest at him, like a  bitch in  heat, her ass getting sore from
the pounding it was taking on the floor,  each hit  hurting her, each thrust of
his manhood in her making her need more,  getting her  even more excited.

        As Jane began to thrust her hips into Brian, he knew he could not  last
much  longer before he came again. He could feel her pussy holding onto his cock 
with  each plunge in and out of her. Boy, he thought, she would have been a hot 
number  if she hadn't been so stuck up! Of course, she's not stuck up now, he 
laughed to  himself. He knew he was ready to cum, his dick moving quickly in and
out of  her  hot love nest, the slurping sound driving him crazy as it vacated
and then  refilled her  hole each time.

        He grabbed onto both of her tits, squeezing hard, and yelled  "Cunt!"
just as he  felt his orgasm engulf him. He pushed himself into her as hard as he
could,  slamming  her back down on the carpet. He was pushing against her so
hard, she no  longer  could move, but just lay beneath him, wriggling and
moaning in orgasm. As  his rigid  member buried itself inside her warm depths,
he could feel her tremble in  orgasm,  sending spasms of muscle twinges to her
pussy, working his huge dick for  all it was  worth as it began to spurt shot
after shot of hot jism into her tight  pussy. Brian was  in heaven, his tool
shooting shot after shot after shot into her hot  cavity, her  convulsing body
beneath him driving him crazy with lust. His hands dug into  her  soft breasts
as the orgasm swept over him, one of the most powerful he had  ever  had. He
finally collapsed on top of her, his breaths coming in short gasps  as her 
pussy walls continued to massage his giant tool. Shoved deep inside her, it 
still  trickled a small stream of cum into her depths.

        Jane sensed he was getting ready to cum, his pace picking up, his 
thrusts  seemed like a blur he was moving so fast. Her ass was bouncing off the 
floor with  each hit, now more like a vibrator on high speed, then a rhythmic
screwing.  Her  pubic area ached, he was slamming into her hard, each thrust of
his  enormous tool  filling her hole to its limit and pulling out, almost
pulling her inside  out, only to slam  back into her even harder. When he
grabbed her breasts, she started to cry  out in  pain, only to be cut off by her
own body when she heard the word "Cunt"  from his  lips. Like a thousand cannons
going off at once, her orgasm raced through  her body.  Pinned beneath his
massive weight, impaled to the hilt on his huge member,  all she  could do was
lie beneath him and moan loudly as his dick filled her to  capacity. She  could
feel it pulse, again and again, each pulsed followed by a hot  sensation deep 
inside her that she knew was his cum, splashing against her tight vagina  walls.
They  tried to suck him even further inside her, massaging his cock, trying to 
get all of his  jism into its hole.

        Her orgasm was a long one, already on the verge from all of their 
fucking, his

rough handling of her tits just prolonged it, the pain going to her pussy  as
pleasure  and heat, centering at her clit, now swollen in orgasmic ecstasy. Wave 
after  orgasmic wave hit her, not letting go, as her body shook and shuddered 
beneath  him, her pussy holding onto his dick with all its strength as it slowly 
began to grow  soft inside her body. Finally, she lay there exhausted, Brian on
top of  her, barely  able to breath against his weight on her chest. She could
feel his penis,  growing soft  now, begin to shrink quickly inside her as the
joint mingling of there  juices tried to  force there way out of her hole, to
trickle down into her asshole before  dropping to  the floor.

        Brian got up slowly, looking down at Jane, her legs still spread  wide
apart,  ready to be fucked again. Her nipples were still standing straight up,
her  body  following his orders from earlier to stay excited, ready to cum at a
word  from his  mouth. Brian moved backward into the chair he had sat in earlier
and fell  into it, to  tired to move at this point, sinking deeply into its soft
cushions.

        He looked over at Jane, her pussy was open to his view. Her hole 
clearly  showed an opening almost an inch in diameter. Well, he thought, she's
not  as tight  now as she used to be. He noticed a mixture of cum beginning to
ooze out of  her  swollen pussy. I'll fix that, he thought.

        "Jane," Brian said, "your pussy is leaking juice and your still 
addicted to all  cum. You better eat up while you can!" Jane's hands shot to her
pussy, one  moving  inside, three fingers cupped to catch the fluid that was
coming from her.  Her hand  moved up to her parted lips, her tongue already out
to catch the first  drops off her  fingers. They plunged into her mouth, while
her other hand worked her pussy  for  more cum. As she sucked, switching her
hands back and forth, low moans were  coming from her as she again began to
build her desires up. She poured the  juice  into her mouth each time, then
placed all her hand into her mouth, cleaning  each  finger with her tongue,
getting all of the salty mixture of cum she could,  not wasting  a drop. The cum
went down her throat easily, each taste making her want  more and  more. The
taste grabbed her senses. All she could think of was getting all  the  remains
of there fucking into her mouth and down her throat. The pungent  smell of  his
jism just excited her even more as her hands worked back and forth, not  losing 
any of the nectar. When some spilled onto her left breast, she bent her head
over, taking the half  cantaloupe sized  orb into her mouth, cleaning all the
drops off of it with vigor. Brian  watched her for  fifteen minutes, giving
himself a rest, as she cleaned her pussy of all its  juice and  stuffed her
fingers into her mouth time after time, not letting a single  drop escape  her.

        "Jane," Brian said, "there's still some cum on my dick here. Why  don't
you  come over here and clean it using only your tongue!" My God, Jane thought, 
won't  he ever leave me alone. How will I get out of this? She got up on her
knees  and  moved over to Brian's outstretched legs, her head dipping down to
his  crotch. The  smell of there lovemaking hit her nostrils quickly, a mixture
of his jism,  her cum,  and a lot of salty sweat, like a locker room with a
hundred men and no fan.  Her  tongue darted out, licking the base of his crotch,
moving around his pubic  hair,  lapping back and forth, from his navel down to
his huge balls, getting  every bit of  cum off of him, until only her spit was
left in his pubic hair. Then, she  moved to his  dick. Now soft, it was at least
6" long, but not as thick and she could  move it  around with her tongue easily.
Starting at the head, she moved her tongue  in circles  after first licking into
the tip, getting all of his cum that was still  inside his manly  tube. She
moved down his shaft, licking all around. It was hard to do, not  being able  to
touch it, she would lick one way and it would go the other way, but she  kept at 
it, needing to get all there mixed jism off of the dick. She licked off  each
and every  drop from his rod, swallowing the cum with gratitude whenever some
hit her  taste  buds.

        As she licked, trying to get every last bit off of him, she noticed 
something. His  member was getting large again. It slowly erected itself under
her licking  tongue,  growing with each lick until it was almost at full length
again. Jane  moaned to  herself. Won't this guy ever stay down? She couldn't
stand much more of  this. Brian  smiled down at Jane as she worked on cleaning
him up. It felt great, her  tongue  moving all around his penis and crotch,
licking up every drop she could.  After  awhile, he felt himself begin to rise
again, his massive manhood beginning  to stand  up from his crotch into the air,
as Jane's mouth moved around it, her  tongue exciting  him more with each
stroke.

        "Well Jane," he said, "looks like we're not through yet after all!  Now
suck it!"  A low moan of despair and lust escaped Jane's lips as she swallowed
his  member,  taking it all the way into her throat. Brian just grinned even
larger to  himself.




The Humiliation of Jane
------------------------------------------------------
Author: Jane 

Part 4


        Sally Mist walked into her house after finishing her morning run,  sweat
running  down her 26 year old petite body. As she walked past her living room
door  she  could not believe her eyes. There, sitting in her easy chair, without
a  stitch of  clothes on, sat Brian, the campus gardener, with some Bimbo
kneeling in  front on  him between his legs, with her head bobbing up and down.

        "What in the hell is going on here?" she yelled at Brian. Brian  quickly
jumped  up, searching for his clothes and quickly putting them on.

        "I can explain all of this Sally, honest I can. We were just having  a
little fun."  The young girl at Brian's feet also stood up and Sally could not
believe  it. Jane. That  bitch. The one person who has caused Sally more
problems then any other  student  on campus. A large grin started across her
face. What a great thing to have on her Sally, thought.

        "He raped me. I want him, and the Dean, and the library staff all 
arrested right  now!" Jane screamed at Sally.

        "I did not rape her. She liked it all!" Brian defended himself.

        "Whoa, right now," Sally said, the smile gone from her face. Rape  was
not a  laughing matter. "Jane, what's going on here. Take your time and tell me 
everything." Jane, still naked, quickly told Sally everything about the  drug
that had  taken away her free will.

        "Is this true, Brian?" Sally asked.

        "I think so, Miss Mist, she did everything I asked her," Brian  replied.

        "All right Brian, get out of my house. Don't say a word of this to 
anyone. I'll  handle it from now," Sally told him.

        "Yes ma'am!" and Brian was out of the front door like a shot.

        "I demand you arrest him at once!" screamed Jane at Sally. "I want  them
all  arrested this instance!" A large grin again flowed across Sally's face, and 
then a  long, deep laugh.

        "Oh Jane, Jane, Jane. Play with your pussy while you stand there. I 
want to see  fingers moving in and out of your hole!" said Sally. Jane's right
hand  quickly moved  down to her pussy, her legs spreading more as 3 fingers
sunk into her hole  and  started to move in and out, her juice beginning to drip
down her wrist.

        "Please, don't do this to me. I want those people arrested. They  have
no right  to do this to me!" Jane pleaded to Sally, as her fingers kept plunging
in  and out of  her moist hole.

        "No right? You dare talk to me about rights!" Sally said to Jane.  "You
have  caused me more problems then any student on this campus. 215 complaints 
against  male students and staff this semester alone! We are now ranked the
worst  campus  in the state because of your complaints and have lost all our
federal  funding for the  security department, which has caused the loss of 8
full time officers to  protect the  students that really need it. I have 15
demerits on my record because of  the  complaints you filed and then refiled
with the state security controller.  The local  police will hardly answer my
calls for help anymore because the figure it's  just  another false alarm from
you. No dear, don't talk to me about rights.  Beside, like  Brian said, no one
is forcing you to do this, it's all by your free will."

        "I'll get you for this, too. I'll get all of you for this!" Jane 
screamed at her.

        "Don't scream dear, you can talk, but don't scream. Also, you will  no
longer  cum when you here the word cunt, but only when I tell you to. You are
still  to stay  on the verge of orgasm, however," Sally told her. Jane could not
believe  this. The  fingers moving in and out of her pussy was getting her
hotter and hotter,  hitting her  clit with each surge upward. Her face and chest
was getting red from the  effort, plus  her embarrassment from being made to do
this.

        "Jane," Sally said, "quit playing with yourself. Go upstairs and  take a
shower.  A cold shower. And then comb your hair neatly and kneel in the bathroom
and  wait  for me. And be sure to clean your pussy good! And make it fast."
Sally  watched  Jane's ass and tits bounce as she went up the stairs and went
into the  bathroom. This  is to good to believe, Sally thought. Jane, I'll never
have to worry about  you again  after today. She walked over to her phone, and
dialed a number.

        "Hello, Brad. This is Sally. You aren't going to believe this, I've  got
the bitch  Jane here ready and willing to do whatever I tell her. Listen, get
your  video camera  and get Johnny and come over here quickly. Yeah, bring
anyone else that  wants to  come along. See ya soon." Sally heard the shower
starting upstairs.  Smiling, she  walked up the steps to the bathroom. Jane
turned on the cold water, her  nipples  standing straight out when it hit her.
Burr, she thought. I'll get them for  this, all of  them. They will pay!!!

        Her hands grabbed the soap, and began to move over her body,  washing
every  part, spreading her pussy lips and washing deep inside herself. She
turned  off the  water and stepped outside, grabbing a towel and drying herself.
Then  grabbed a  comb and began to force it painfully through her hair. She
moved to her  knees as  she did this, just in time to see Sally standing in the
doorway watching  her.

        "I will get you for this!" Jane said to Sally.

        "You are really becoming a bore dear, but that's ok," Sally told  her as
she  pulled off her jogging shorts and panties, exposing her dark pussy hair to 
Jane's  view.

        "Did you know I'm Bi, Jane?" Sally asked her.

        "No," Jane said, her voice trembling at the thoughts now running 
through her  mind.

        "Quit combing your hair," Sally told her. "Now, put your hands  behind
you and  lean back a little, with your head tilted back so I can put my wet
pussy on  it." As  she said this, her right hand was rubbing her cunt, the
juices beginning to  flow, her  left hand rubbing her tits through her jersey.

        "No, please don't make me do this, please!" Jane begged to Sally as  she
leaned  back, giving Sally easy access to her mouth.

        "Relax Jane, you'll like it!" Sally said as she walked to Jane, 
spreading her legs  at Jane's body, and moving her pussy over Jane's face and
mouth. She  reached down  with both hands and grabbed Jane's hair and brought
her mouth up to her wet  pussy.  "Now Jane, remember, your addicted to pussy
juice, too. I want you to stick  your  tongue into my hole, then lick along it's
length to my clit, then start  back down and  keep doing it till I tell you to
stop! Get as much tongue into my pussy as  you can  and keep your face buried in
my pubic hair," Sally instructed her.

        Jane's tongue leapt from her mouth, going deep into Sally's  wetness,
getting as  much of her juice as she could, they glided up the length of her
vulva,  lapping out  at her clit, then back down it's length again, burying
itself back into her  hole,  sucking out all of her juice and swallowing. Her
nose was being tickled by  her pubic  hair, the extremely salty, musky smell
almost suffocating her. I wish she  had  showered after her jog, Jane thought to
herself.

        Sally felt Jane's tongue enter her pussy hole. Probing upward  inside
her and  then moving along it's outside to her clit, now standing straight out
like  a miniature  dick, sending spasms over her body and juice flowing from her
hole. Back  the  tongue moved, into her hole, sucking out all her nectar. She
grabbed Jane's  head  even harder, trying to force her sucking mouth into her
hole. She was  getting close  to orgasm, the tongue under her driving her crazy
with desire, in and out  of her  hole, around her clit and then back inside her.
She moaned loudly, rocking  on Jane's  darting tongue.

        The orgasm raced over her body, making her freeze in place, her  hands
pulling  Jane's face against her pussy so hard Jane couldn't breath. She ground
her  hips at  Jane's mouth, the tongue buried inside her love nest, flooding her
mouth  with the  cum juice Jane so desperately needed. Finally, she let go of
Jane's head,  and just  stood there as Jane continued to lick her, getting every
last drop.

        Jane felt Sally shudder in her orgasm, her head forced so hard  against
Sally's  pubic area that she thought her nose would break. Her tongue worked 
quickly,  darting into her pussy as it spasmed on her tongue, trying to keep it 
inside her. As  Sally released her head, Jane continued to keep sucking at her
pussy, licking up every drop of the salty, fishy fluid that dripped  out of her 
hole, not missing any of it.

        "Stop now, Jane," Sally told her. She walked backward, sitting on  the
toilet to  steady herself. The orgasm had been a powerful one, and she was still 
shaking from  it. "Stand up and wash your face now, Jane. Then we'll move into
the  bedroom for  more fun." Sally told her.

        "I'll get you for this Sally!" Jane threatened her as she stood up  and
started to  wash her face, getting all of Sally's nectar off of her face.

        "Sure Jane, sure. When we get through with you, you will never  harass
anyone  again!" Sally said.

        "Who's we? What do you mean?" Jane asked, panic edging in on her  voice.

        "You'll see later. For now, follow me into the bedroom," Sally 
instructed her.  Jane walked into the bedroom, taking a quick survey of it. Not
much, she  thought,  just a plain bedroom with a king size bed and a red satin
cover on it. "Lie  on and  bed and spread your legs and play with yourself Jane.
Use one hand on your  tits and  one on your pussy, and be sure to clean off your
hand once in a while with  your  mouth. And smile, I want to see you enjoying
yourself!" Sally told her.

        "You bitch," Jane told her as she laid down on her bed. The cover  felt
slick and  cool on her back as she laid back, spread eagle, her right hand going 
between her  legs, her fingers dipping into her hot cunt, working in and out of
it as her other hand began to rub her tits,  pinching her  nipples, driving
herself crazy with desire.

        Her hand was working in and out of her pussy faster now, getting  coated
with  a large dose of her love juice. She moved her hand up, her tongue darting 
out to lick  her fingers clean. Just then a flash caught Jane's attention. She
looked  over to see  Sally holding a Polaroid camera. A low moan escaped her
lips as the flash  went  again, capturing her mouth engulfing her hand, getting
all of the salty  tasting cum  off and her hand. Back to her pussy her hand
shot, fingers moving in and  out. Flash.  Another shot for prosperity, with her
fingers buried deep in her hot flesh.

        "Here Jane, use this instead of your fingers!" Sally said, tossing  a
huge, black  dildo onto the bed next to Jane. "Just like your fingers, use it in
your  pussy, then  suck all the way into your mouth. Now, go for it." Jane saw
the huge dildo,  moaned  to herself. My God she thought, how much longer will
this go on? Jane's  right hand  reached out to the dildo, moving it down to her
pussy and shoved half of  it's  massive length inside her sore pussy. She began
to work it in and out of  her cunt,  her juices quickly covering it.

        "Put it all the way inside your pussy Jane!" Sally told her.

        "It's to big!" Jane protested. But as she said it, her hand obeyed  the
order and  plunged it inside her to the hilt, a loud moan escaping her mouth.
Flash  went the  camera. Her hand moved the dildo in and out, back and forth
into her love  nest.  Faster and faster, her hips jumping up to meet the dildo
on the way inside  her.

        Her hand now moved it to her mouth, opening wide she swallowed the 
entire  dildo down her throat, her tongue cleaning off all of her juice. Flash, 
another shot  for prosperity. Her left hand was still kneading her tits, now red
and  swollen from  the abuse they were taking. And back down to her pussy the
dildo moved,  plunging  into her soft wetness, burying itself to the hilt, only
to start back up  and then plunge  down again. Over and over, until it was
covered in cum, then up to her  mouth it  shot. For fifteen minutes this went
on, Jane beginning to feel faint from  the  workout. Finally, the door bell
rang.

        "Well, that will be Brad, the head of security. You remember him  don't
you,  Jane? You caused him more problems then you even caused me. He's brought 
some  friends for you. Don't go away, I'll be right back. Keep going though, 
he'll like to  see you like this!" Sally told her.

        "Please don't Sally, I promise I won't cause you anymore problems!" 
Jane  pleaded.

        "Oh, I know you won't, Jane. I know you won't," Sally said so  quietly
it sent  chills down Jane's spine as she quickly put on her clothes and walked
out  the door.  Jane heard voices down below. She could recognize Brad's voice,
the head of  campus security, plus Rod's, the assistant to Sally, and Deborah,
her  secretary. Then  the voices grew louder, and she could hear the footsteps
getting closer to  the  bedroom. They opened the door just as Jane was plunging
the dildo deeply  into her  pussy, then withdrew it from her hole and sent it up
to her wide open  mouth.

        "If I didn't see it, I would never have believed you Sally!" Brad  told
her as he  watched Jane shove the dildo down her throat and clean off all her
cum,  then send  it back inside her pussy.

        "Please help me!" Jane pleaded with them, from a large smiling  face.
They all  laughed at her.

        "Boy, this is great," Rod said. "Remind me to buy the science and 
library  department lunch tomorrow."

        "Yeah, it's great all right. But lets get this over with. I really 
don't like even  having this snobby bitch in my house as a slave. So lets get
the equipment  set up and  get this over with." Sally told them. "Jane, you can
stop playing with  yourself now,  I want you rested for later!"

        "What are you going to do to me?" Jane asked. "I'll get you all for 
this!"

        "Charming to the end," Brad replied.

        "Yeah, what a stupid bitch, doesn't have the sense to shut up,"  said
Deborah.

        "Right, lets get this video camera and lights set up for our new 
'Star'," Rod  said. Jane watched in horror as the men began moving lights into
the  bedroom,  setting them up in each corner of the room to get rid of all the
shadows,  and set up  the video camera on a tripod by the side of the bed.
Deborah took something  out  of a large plastic bag and put it under the bed.
Jane thought it looked  almost like a  deflated air mattress, but was flesh
covered.

        "What is that?" Jane asked.

        "Come outside the room with me Jane, and I'll explain what is going  on
here,  and what you are to say, do, and act like," Sally told Jane. Jane got up, 
following  Sallying, noticing she was holding a shiny black teddy in her hands.
As  they walked  outside, the others continued their hurried efforts to get the
bedroom  ready.

        "She's ready whenever you are," Sally told Brad as she walked back  into
the  room.

        "She's got it all straight now? I don't want to have to repeat this  too
many  times. I have a meeting in 2 hours," Brad asked Sally.

        "Yeah, from what I've seen and had her do, this should go perfectly  the
very  first time, and then we won't ever have to worry about Miss Bitchy Jane 
again,  unless she wants to be the next matinee at the XXX movie house!" Sally
told  him.  "Just yell action when your ready, and she'll come in and start the
show."  Sally  walked over to the dresser next to the bed and put the large
black dildo on  it, plus  another flesh colored dildo about the same size.

        "Well, that should do it. Is the camera ok, Rod?" Brad asked.

        "In perfect shape with lots of film, boss!" Rod replied.

        "Ok, remember everyone, no voices or noises, and keep your self out  of
the  way of the camera. I don't want any proof of our involvement to come back 
to  haunt us," Brad said. "Ok, Jane, ACTION!" Brad yelled at her. Everyone was 
standing against the wall now, except Rod, who had his video camera aimed  at
the  door, waiting for Jane to walk in, planning on following her every move for 
the little  movie they had planned.

        Jane walked into the doorway and stood there for a moment. A large 
smile on  her lips as her right hand moved down to rub the outside of her pussy 
through the  sheer black teddy Sally had given her to wear. She was a little
bigger then  Sally and  she stretched the teddy perfectly, her tits barely held
inside the sheer  material below  the open v of her neck. she had combed her
hair neatly, the long strands  going down  her back and some over her shoulder.
Her left hand moved over to her tits,  rubbing  them through the smooth silk
teddy, her nipples standing straight out as  her hips  began to rotate slowly
against her right hand.

        "God I'm horny," she said loudly. "I need a man to fuck me. I want  to
suck his  cock and let him fuck me. But I'm such a bitch no one will fuck me. I
guess  I'll just  have to make do by myself like I usually do." With that she
walked over to  the night  stand, and turning to keep facing Rod and his camera,
reached out and  picked up  the large black dildo. Opening her mouth, she shoved
the dildo down her  throat,  burying it all the way inside her, so deep her
fingers could barely hold  onto it, then withdrew it, making sure the camera
caught her throat bulging when it was  filled,  and her tongue licking along
it's length.

        For five minutes she stood there sucking the dildo, moving it in  and
out as Rod  got every bit on film, using the zoom lens to move in and out,
getting the  best shots  he could as the others stood against the wall and
watched in awe. Jane  moved over  to the bed, and lied down, still sucking on
the dildo. Her legs spread out  wide as her  other hand moved down to her pussy
and shoving the elastic teddy aside,  plunged  three fingers into her hot hole.
Her left hand continued to work the dildo  in and out  of her mouth, going all
the down her throat, as her fingers moved in and  out of her  pussy, getting her
juice all around her pussy and thighs, leaking down to  the bed.  Her hand
grasped the elastic snap at her crotch and yanked, the teddy  coming apart  at
her pussy. Her hand moved the dildo from her mouth down to her open love  nest 
and plunged it it with one hard shove.

        "Yes, oh my God YESSSS!" Jane yelled in pleasure as the dildo  bottomed
out  against her uterus, her hand beginning to pump it in and out as her hips 
jumped from  the bed to meet the plastic member inside her. Her free hand
reached for  the other  dildo on the nightstand, grabbing it and putting it in
her mouth, moaning  with  pleasure as it entered her throat, moving in and out.
Jane could not  believe she was  doing this, could not believe what Sally had
told her to do next, with the  camera  recording everything as a permanent
record of her depravity. Somehow, she  would  get the film and then get them,
some how. Only, how? For 5 more minutes  Jane  plunged both dildos in and out of
herself, then she took the dildo out of  her mouth.

        "Oh yes, yes, Please put it up my Ass, PLEASE!!!" Jane moaned out  loud
to  the camera. Her hand moved the dildo down past her twat to her tight 
asshole, her  other hand stopping for a second, the black dildo buried to the
hilt inside  her. Her  ass hole was extremely wet from all her juices leaking
down. She grabbed  the dildo  with both hands and shoved against her anus. First
a little went in, then  she pushed  with all her might and it buried itself
inside her shit hole.

        "AHHHH!!!" Jane screamed as the dildo went inside her. My god, she 
thought,  it's tearing me up! "YES, I love it!!!" Jane scream at the camera.
Jane  began forcing  both dildos in and out of her holes. When the black one
plunged inside her  pussy,  the other one left her ass, only to plunge back in
as the black dildo moved  out. In  and out they both moved, Jane moaning loudly
for the camera, her hips jump  and  rotating on the bed.

        After 10 minutes of this, Jane yelled "I want Johnny, I need  Johnny!"
She  jumped off the bed, both dildos now deep in her being held in by their own 
pressure  against each other inside her tunnels. Standing up, she quickly tore
off  the rest off  the teddy, and knelt beside the bed, legs spread, reaching
underneath it.  Rod kept  on filming, getting a close up of both of Jane's holes
filled as she knelt  beside the  bed. Jane's searching hands came out with that
flesh covered package that  Deborah  had put there. Laying it on the bed, she
could now see it was a inflatable  man with  a 11 inch plastic penis.

        "Oh yes Johnny, I need you badly!" Jane said, as her mouth moved 
forward to  the plastic stop to inflate the man. You could hear her breath
coming in  quick gulps  now as she began to inflate her lover to be. She held on
with one hand, as  the other  moved down to her dildos still inside her,
grabbing both roughly, she began  to move  them up and down inside her pussy and
asshole.

        Jane was in much pain now as the dildos moved in and out of her,  but
she  couldn't stop it, no matter how torn her ass felt at the time. Besides, she 
knew the  worst was still to come. "Johnny" was almost completely inflated now,
his  11 inch  dick standing straight up from the bed. Jane stood up, taking both
dildos  from her  body and put them back on the night stand.

        "Want some head, Johnny?" Jane asked the plastic man. "Sure you  do!"
With  that, she plunged her mouth onto his plastic manhood, going deep down her 
throat,  her tongue working on the outside of her mouth so the camera could get
it  all. Up  and down her mouth glided over his plastic dick, her other hand
still  playing with  her pussy, as her tits swayed back and forth as she knelt
over him.

        "Fuck me, Johnny!" Jane said as she moved her mouth off the  inflated
man and  moved her pussy over it. Jane shoved her pussy downward, then moved
back  up,  taking the doll with her. She grabbed hold of his sides and then
began to  pump her  hips on and off of his member. For ten minutes she fucked
the plastic man,  her pussy  grabbing his penis like it was the real thing.

        "What's that Johnny, you want to fuck my ass? You bet you can  honey, 
anything you want. I love it up my ass," Jane said, thinking I can't  believe
I'm really  doing this! She withdrew the plastic phallus from her twat, moved an
inch  forward,  and shove it all the way inside her anus. All the way inside her
it went,  stretching the  virgin hole further then she could imagine it could
without killing her.

        "AHHHHHHH!!! YES JOHNNY, YES," Jane screamed as she began to hump 
quickly on the penis now buried deep in her tight ship hole. In and out it 
moved, her  hips going faster and faster as it spread her hole. She was
approaching her  orgasm  now, Sally had told her to cum after 5 minutes of ass
fucking.

        "I'm cumming Johnny, I'm CUMMING!!!" Jane yelled as the orgasm  racked
her  body, her hips slamming down on the plastic penis buried deep within her. 
"That  was great, Johnny," she said as she kissed the doll repeatedly on the
lips.  "Here,  now let me clean you." With that, she moved her mouth down to his
plastic  dick,  now covered with her shit and slime, and sucked it into her
mouth. Jane  almost  threw up when the smell of her shit hit her nostrils, and
the taste really  made her  want to, but Sally had told her not to vomit and she
couldn't.

        She looked at Rod, a smile on her lips as she continued to lick the 
shit from the  plastic dick, praying no one would ever see this film. After the
penis was  good and  clean from her mouth, she grabbed the other 2 dildos, first
the one that  was in her  ass, and plunged it into her mouth also, licking along
it, working the  dried shit off  of it and swallowing it down. Then the other
dildo, down her throat it,  too, went  until it was clean. She put them back on
the night stand, then lying on the  doll, gave  it one big, tonguey kiss as she
laid next to it, her hand on the fake  penis.

        "Goodnight, Johnny," Jane said, "Thank you very much for a  wonderful
fuck!"  Rod filmed Jane laying next to the doll for 1 more minute, then turned
off  the  machine.

        "That's it folks, we can all breath again and talk," Rod said.

        "Jane, that was perfect. You can now be your old self again so we  can
talk,"  Sally said.

        "You bastards, you bitches!!" Jane yelled at them. "I'll get you  all
for this, I  swear it. Somewhere out there is an honest cop who will help me!"

        "Well, maybe, but not in this town, lady. You have just about  everyone
pissed  at you. And if we here one complaint from you in the future, this film
goes  on sale  at the student library plus the XXX book store. Understand?" Brad
asked her  roughly.

        "Look gang, I have to be someplace in 15 minutes, so do me a favor  and
clean  this up and get this bitch out of my house, will you please?" Sally
asked.

        "Sure Sally, no problem," Rod said, "Will do." Sally left the  bedroom,
and they  could hear the front door closing as she left.

        "You know, I can't speak for you guys, but that show of Jane's got  me
horny  as hell. I think I'll try her out while you clean up," Deborah said, 
looking at Jane.

        "No problem," Brad said, "just leave her with enough energy for us, 
cause I'm  hard as hell, too." Deborah quickly removed her clothes. Her 30 year
old body was in excellent  shape.  Her large 40DD tits sagged only slightly for
there size, her thighs already  showed  signs of cum leaking down them.

        "Please don't, Please let me go!" Jane begged.

        "No way bitch, this is to good a chance!" Deborah said. "Now, come  over
here  and suck my tits." Jane got up and moved over to Deborah, her mouth
opening  to  get as much of her tit in it as she could. They were so large she
could  barely get the  whole nipple inside her mouth. "Use your hands to play
with them, and move  them  back and forth," Deborah instructed her. Jane's hands
went up to the soft  flesh,  kneading the large mammaries like dough, her mouth
working on one nipple,  then  the other, both sticking out hard now.

        "Lie back on the bed Jane, on your back. I'm going to sit on your  face
while  you eat me." Oh my God, please stop this Jane thought, as she sank back 
onto the  bed, her face pointing up, waiting for the pussy to lower onto it.
Deborah  crawled  onto Jane's body, rubbing her wet pussy on her tits as she
moved up,  finally  lowering herself on her mouth.

        "Now, Jane," Deborah said "eat my pussy and suck my juice until I  tell
you to  stop!" Jane's tongue leapt out, going up into her hot love nest,
drinking  as much of  the slippery cum as she could find, then moved up along
the crack, hitting  her clit  and sucking it into her mouth before moving back
down. She loved the taste  of the  cum, being addicted to it. She tried to get
every drop she could, shoving  her tongue  as for up Deborah's hole as it would
go.

        Deborah came quickly, shoving her twat into Jane's open mouth,  staying
there  as Jane continued to kick her clean after she had cum, getting every last 
drop. When  Deborah got off Jane, she saw they had finished picking up all the
video  equipment  and where waiting their turn with her.

        "Have fun boys, I'm going back to the office," Deborah told them, a 
huge smile  on her face.

        "We'll be in some time today," Brad beamed back to her as she left.  Rod
and  Brad were sitting next to each other on the side of the bed, waiting for 
Jane.

        "Jane," Brad said," I understand you are addicted to sperm, so we  are
going to  help you. Come over here and kneel in front of use and give us both
blow  jobs,  NOW!" Jane walked over between them, kneeling down. One hand
grabbed Rod's  dick as her mouth went to Brad's, swallowing his 9 inch tool to
the hilt,  massaging  it with her throat as her tongue worked along it's side.
Her hand was  moving up and  down on Rod's shaft, slightly shorter, but much
thicker than Brad's.

        Her mouth moved up and down Brad's shaft, her hand playing with his 
balls.  After a couple more strokes, her hand moved up to his shaft, and her
mouth  moved  over to Rod's manly muscle. In it went, her mouth barely able to
get it's  width  inside. Down her throat it went, stretching it's sides, her
tongue working along it's side, from the base of his pubic hair, all the  way to
the  sensitive head, as her other hand continued to stroke Brad's cock.

        "Jesus, Jane, I'm about to cum, get your mouth over here now!" Brad 
yelled at  her. Quickly Jane moved her mouth over, the cock pulsing in it, the
first  spurt  hitting the roof of her mouth before she finally buried the
shooting tool  inside her  throat, milking it for every drop she could, loving
the taste of the cum on  the tip of  her tongue. Brad grabbed Jane's head,
forcing it down on his shaft as it  pumped it's  load into her eagerly sucking
mouth. He moaned to himself. This is the best  blow  job I've ever had he
thought. He continued to pump into her, a large load  had built  up from her
show!

        As Brad started to shoot, she felt Rod's penis enlarge in her hand  as
it too,  began to pump it's load out. She moaned, wanting it, but not wanting to 
give up  Brad's cum, too. Like a true addict, and wanted her cake and eat it
too! As  soon as  Brad released her head, she moved over to Rod's shooting
penis, putting her  mouth  on it, trying to catch all the cum as it shot out.
Some hit her nose, and  went into her  eyes. She didn't care, she wanted it all
in her. She sank her throat down  on the head  taking it all, using her tongue
to lick up the cum that had first spurted  out onto his  pubic hair, getting it
all.

        When she was sure he was through, she went back to Brad's, sucking  in
the last  drops on the very tip. Her hand was covered with cum from Rod, so she 
licked it  clean, plus used her fingers to get the cum from her nose and eyes
and  gratefully  swallowed it all. One shot had gone out onto the carpet, she
leaned her  head down,  crying to herself as she did it, and used her tongue and
mouth suck up  every last  drop. Rod got up, took the video equipment and left
the house. Brad looked  at Jane  for a second, kneeling on the floor, sucking up
every last drop of cum.

        "Ok Jane," Brad said, "your through. Get dressed and get out of  this
house. I  don't ever expect to hear a complaint from you again or the tape goes 
public.  Understand?"

        "Yes, I do," Jane said, crying. "What do I do now?"

        "I really don't care. I'm just sure what ever happens to you, you 
deserve. Now,  leave!" Jane quickly dressed, walked out the front door. What the
hell do I  do now,  Jane thought. No one will help me, no one likes me. They're
all jerks is  what they  are. If only my Dad, the senator was here, he would
know what to do! God,  Jane  thought, how stupid! Her parents, her powerful Dad
would take care of this!  30  minutes later Jane was on a bus home, plotting her
revenge.




The Humiliation of Jane
------------------------------------------------------
Author: Jane 

Part 5


        "OK, Jane. It's time to get even. You've heard that payback's a  bitch?
Well, that  doesn't BEGIN to describe how I'm going to pay you back for all the
shitty  things  you've done to me over the years!" Dennis grinned from ear to
ear. This was  fantastic, even better than his wildest fantasy! He had just
finished  hearing Jane  describe her incredible tale, complete with all the
delicious details of  her treatment  at the hands of the Dean and the Security
Chief.

        It had all started innocently enough. He had merely asked his older 
sister what  she was doing home from Law School during mid-semester. Jane had
seen him  and  tried to avoid him. She knew what would happen if he asked her
any  questions. The  drug she had been exposed to by the library staff at school
would force her  to tell  him the whole story. She couldn't bear having her
obnoxious little brother  know that  her free will had been destroyed by the
drug. That she was now COMPELLED to  obey any order given to her by anyone, no
matter how she tried not to...

        "First thing, I want you to take ALL of your clothes off!" He  grinned
and  licked his lips.

        "Come on, Dennis, you little snot. I'm your SISTER. Wouldn't you  much
rather  look at some other girls?" Jane objected but her hands immediately went
to  her  blouse and started undoing the buttons. Jane saw him leering at her but
was  unable  to stop herself from obeying his order. "This isn't funny, Dennis!
I'll  KILL you, you  little shit! Tell me to stop!"

        "Nooooo way, Jane. As a matter of fact, I want you to do a  striptease
for me!  Yeah!" He turned the stereo on in the living room and sat down in the
big  chair, his  father's chair. Nobody was home except for him and Jane and he
laughed as he watched her face turn scarlet.

        "Not here in the living room, Dennis! Please!"

        "Yeah, RIGHT here! Do it slowly and bump and grind as sexily as you 
can. Try  to turn me on. Don't be bashful!" Dennis got up and walked over to the
big  bay  window. He opened up the vertical blinds, then did the same to the two 
windows  on the other wall. He then opened the front door wide and turned the
music  up a  little louder before sitting back down in the chair. Jane had taken
her  shirt off and  was swinging it over her head. She threw it towards him then
kicked off her  shoes.  She unbuttoned her jeans and began slowly lowering them
as she swayed and  gyrated.     "What are you doing, you little monster! Close
the blinds! Someone  might see  me!"     "Oh yeah? Well, why don't you just go
outside right in the middle of  the street  and finish your striptease!" he shot
back.     "No! Please! I-I'm sorry. Really!" Jane had already begun hobbling 
towards the  open door. Her jeans were around her knees.

        "Okay, stay here, but you better be nice to me and stop calling me 
names or  you'll be sorry. Now keep stripping." Jane groaned, half in relief,
and  continued  pushing her jeans all the way down to her ankles. She stepped
out of them,  one foot  at a time, then kicked them to the side of the room as
she bumped her hips  to the  music. She reached behind her back and unclasped
her bra. As she pulled the  straps  forward she kept her arms over her breasts.
Dennis leaned forward and  leered as she  lowered her arms, exposing a very nice
set of knockers with large aureoles.

        Dennis began clapping his hands and shouting, "Make your nipples  stand
up!  Rub your titties!" His mouth watered as he watched his sister drop the bra 
then  begin pinching and massaging her nipples to erection. In spite of herself, 
she licked her lips and swayed her lips as she watched Dennis staring at her.
She  wanted to  smack that grin right off his face but instead she kept pulling
on her  nipples as he  told her to do. When they were rock hard little nubbins
she began lowering  her  panties.

        "Please, Dennis!" she implored. "This isn't right. You've had your 
revenge, now  let me get dressed again."

        "Are you kidding! For all the shitty things you've done to me over  the
years I  oughta make you do jumping jacks on the front lawn. Besides, A lot of
guys  my age  would kill to have a college girl at their beck and call. Just
because  you're my sister  doesn't mean you're not a girl. I'm gonna have a LOT
of fun making you do  things!  I really liked how that guy at school told you
not to cum and you didn't,  not until  he told you it was okay. I wanna do that
too. It was cool!" By this time  Jane was  lifting her feet one at a time to
pull her panties off. She danced with  them covering  herself for a minute then
tossed them across the room. She was finally  nude!

        "OK, you can stop dancing" Dennis told her as he turned off the  music.
"I want  you to lie down on the floor on your back with your legs spread as wide
as  you can,  then rub your titties and beg me to FUCK you!"

        "I'll get you for this, I promise!" Jane spat out as she was laying 
down on the  floor. With her legs spread wide open she began rubbing her nipples
and  begging  her brother to fuck her. Dennis was enjoying the view.

        "Oh yeah, don't cum until I say you can," he giggled. He watched  her
with a  rock hard erection as she tearfully pleaded with him to fuck her. She
hated  him for  what he was doing to her, but she couldn't stop herself from
doing what he  told her.  "Crawl over here now and lay across my lap. I think
you've been bad enough  to get  a spanking. I know I'd really like to give you
one so get over here!"

        Jane stopped rubbing herself. She felt close to cumming but she  knew
she  wouldn't be able to get off until he told her she could. It really 
humiliated her to  have her little brother have so much control over this most
intimate part  of her. She  got up, then quickly crawled over to where the
grinning little monster was  seated.  She slowly got up and draped herself
across his jeans. She felt incredibly  sluttish as  she felt the coarse material
against her naked thighs. Dennis began  fondling her ass  with both hands. He
pinched her a few times and cupped both of her cheeks.

        "Ask me to spank you, Janie."

        "Please spank me, Dennis." Dennis gave her white ass a slap.

        "Ask me nicer. Tell me you're sorry for all the times you got me in 
trouble. Tell  me you want me to punish you for all the shit I had to take from
Mom and  Dad  because of you. Tell me how sorry you are over and over again
while I beat  your  ass!" Dennis began slapping her helpless ass as she begged
him to punish  her. She  sobbed out her apologies to him as he watched her ass
turn from white to  pink. He  could see his handprints as he whacked her. The
more she squirmed over his  lap the  harder he spanked her. After at least 50
slaps he stopped and waved his  right hand  to cool it off. Jane was sobbing but
still begging his forgiveness. He  pushed her off  his lap and she tumbled to
the floor.

        "OK Janie, stay on your hands and knees and crawl upstairs. You're  hot,
you  hear me? REALLY hot! You want to cum so bad but you can't! I want you to 
crawl  upstairs and lie down on your back on my bed, with your legs spread real 
wide.  You're to rub your cunt for five minutes, getting closer and closer to 
cumming but  you can't get over the edge. Then I want you to crawl into Mom and
Dad's  room  and crawl into their closet. Shut the door and rub your cunt for
another  five  minutes. You're so hot it's driving you crazy! Then you crawl
back down  here and  I'll be waiting for you."

        "I'll get you for this you little creep! If it's the last thing I  do!"
Jane sobbed as  she began crawling up the stairs. Dennis laughed at her and went
to get the  video  camera. About ten minutes later Jane appeared again at the
top of the  stairs. She  had trouble crawling down them so she turned and came
down backwards, a  step  at a time. Dennis had the video camera out and focused
it on her red  backside as she  slowly descended. When she got to the bottom she
turned to see him pointing  the  camera at her. Her face was tear-stained and
her teeth were chattering  loudly.

        "Put that DOWN you little creep! I'm gonna kill you!" Dennis  lowered
the  camera and grinned at his sister. He despised the stuck up snob. Now he was 
gonna  teach the bitch a lesson in humility.

        "Lie down on your back and spread your legs... Now lift your butt  up as
far as  you can and your head too. I want you to try to lick your own pussy! I
know  you  can't reach but I want you to get as close as you can. Stick your
tongue out and try to lick it, and moan a lot,  too!"  Dennis focused the camera
again and filmed his sister contorting herself  lewdly. Her  knees were up and
she was pulling her thighs back as far as she could.  Dennis was  surprised that
she got as close to actually licking herself as she did! Her  tongue was  only
about six inches away from her spread pussy as she flicked it out as  far as it 
could go and moaned in frustration. Her inner thighs gleamed wetly with  pussy
juice  and it was obvious how incredibly horny the poor girl was. She trembled
as  she  begged, in between moans, for her brother to allow her to cum.

        "Please, Dennis! I'm right on the edge. I can't take this anymore.  I'm
so horny  that if I don't cum I think I'll die. Enough is enough. Please!"

        "No, Jane. I'm just starting with you. We've got a LONG way to go!  I
don't  know what they used on you at that Law school but just in case that drug 
ever does  wear off, this video's gonna be my insurance that you'll ALWAYS do
what I  want!  Face it, Janie, I own you now! Hahahaha! The rest of our lives
you're gonna  do  whatever I tell you to do! As for letting you cum, POOR BABY!
No, I want  you  to get even CLOSER to the edge! Come on! Frig that pussy of
yours. Put some  fingers in your cunt and hover right on the edge for me. Spread
open your  ass for  the camera and tell me you want a big fat cock up your ass!"

        "Pleeeeeeease, Dennis! Put a big fat cock up my ass......" Jane was 
practically  convulsing on the carpet as her whole body involuntarily shuddered
again  and again  and again. Dennis filmed her pathetic thrashings for about ten
minutes then  put the  camera down and picked up the phone.

        "Hi Steve. Dennis. Your folks still gonna be away till Sunday?  Yeah, I
know.  Party Time! Call up some of the guys and we'll party a little tonight
down  your  cellar. My sister's home from college and I'm bringing her over....
Yeah, I  KNOW  she's an asshole, but she's gonna show us a real good time
tonight, if you  catch my  drift... No, I'm not shitting! Just get the guys
together around seven,  you're not  gonna BELIEVE this! OK, bye." Dennis hung up
the phone and leered at his  pathetic sister. Maybe if she hadn't been such an
obnoxious creep to him  all those  years he'd have helped her out. Now all he
thought about was getting even  with her,  and getting his rocks off to boot.

        She had caught him jacking off once with a Hustler magazine in one 
hand. He  thought the house was empty and was lying on top of his bed naked
after  taking a  shower. She yelled at him then laughed her ass off. The worst
part was that  she told  their parents and actually gave them the magazine! What
a shit! She was  always  ratting on him or putting him down because she was
soooo fucking smart.  Well,  Miss smart ass, your ass is MINE now! Hahahaha!

        Dennis told Jane to stop and she lowered her legs down, though her 
teeth were  still chattering. He then told her to crawl out into the back yard
and get  in Duke's  dog house. Poor old Duke was gone but his house was still
out back. He told  her  to kneel inside with her ass sticking out the opening.
She was to reach  back with  one hand and frig herself until he came out to get
her.

        With a mixture of fear and hatred in her eyes she glared at him  then
began  crawling out through the kitchen on to the porch. She then crawled out on 
the cool  lawn and headed towards the doghouse. Dennis nearly busted his gut
laughing  as  he saw her pink ass sticking out of the opening of the doghouse.
He saw her  small  hand appear between her opened thighs and get busy rubbing
herself. This  was just  too much! He made himself a sandwich and a glass of
milk and sat on the  porch  watching her while he ate. After about ten minutes
he got up and walked out  to the  dog house.

        "How you doing, Janie?" he laughed.

        "Don't do this to me, Dennis. Not out here in the yard. Please!"

        "Come out of there, Jane. OK." He smiled as he bent over and  attached
Duke's  old collar around Jane's neck. He clipped the leash onto it and stood up 
straight,  jerking it occasionally and snickering. "So you're afraid of being
seen,  huh? Climb  up on top of the dog house. That's right. No, the other way.
Put a leg on  each side  of the roof and face away from me, so your ass is
towards the house. This  way you  won't know if anybody's standing in the yard
watching you or not." He took  the free  end of the leash and tied it to the
side of the doghouse. He straightened  up, then  pinched her ass a few times.

        "Arch your back down and keep your ass pointing up and out. Now, I  want 
you to balance yourself here and at the same time use your right hand to  really 
spank yourself HARD. Lower yourself down a little and just graze your cunt  on
the  peak of the roof. Keep yourself right at the edge of orgasm and wiggle your 
ass as  you spank it, but don't cum." Jane's whole body was shaking with 
humiliation as she  lowered her belly until her cunt was just bisected by the
peak of the roof.  She  rubbed it lightly back and forth and began moaning. At
the same time she  lifted her  right hand and brought it down with a sharp slap
on her exposed buttock.

        "Keep it up Janie, until I tell you to stop. Also, I want you to  bark
like a dog,  too. Woof! Woof! Hahahaha!" Jane was mortified beyond belief and so
horny  that  she thought she would faint. As she complied with his latest
instructions  Dennis  went over to the driveway, got his basketball, and began
shooting hoops. He  left her  like that for nearly twenty minutes. Her ass was
on fire but she couldn't  stop  slapping it. She also couldn't stop rubbing her
swollen and dripping cunt  on the  rough peak of the roof. Her titties dangled
on either side of the peak and  jiggled  each time her ass shook. Dennis finally
put down the basketball and got the  video  camera again. He had to add some of
this footage to his tape!

        "Pleeeeeeeease l-let me down, Dennis! Pleeeeease! I p-promise I'll  do
whatever  you want, only let me stop!" Dennis untied the leash from the side of
the  doghouse  and told Jane she could stop what she was doing and come down. As
she stood  before him he gazed at her and she lowered her eyes. For the first
time in  her life she  couldn't make eye contact with someone! He told her to
get back down on her  hands and knees and he used the leash to lead her back
into the house. Once  inside  he stood before her and slowly began to take off
his pants. Jane knew what  was  coming and she began sniffling. Dennis tugged
his underpants down and stood  before her, his cock was raging.

        "I think you know what to do, Jane. Give me a real good blow job.  I've
never  had one before so I want you to do the best job you can." Jane lifted her 
head until  it was only an inch away from the tip of his cock. She sniffed it a
little  then stuck the  tip of her tongue out and gave the head a little lick.
Dennis shuddered a  little, but  when her whole mouth sucked his cock inside,
his knees nearly buckled! He  sat  down on the big chair and Jane crawled closer
and put her mouth around his  cock  again. She began sucking on it, then licking
the underside and around the  head.  Dennis put his hands in her hair and began
breathing heavily.

        As much as she despised what she was doing she gave him the best  head
she  could. She actually took a little perverse pride in being able to make him 
tremble  and gasp. She used one hand to cup and fondle his balls while her mouth
began making loud sucking and slurping  noises. Her  head was pistoning back and
forth on his shiny dick and his eyes were  closed in  ecstasy.

        Finally she felt him stiffen. She bore down harder on him and she  felt
him start  to spasm and then shoot his load against the back of her throat. She 
gobbled it  down and continued sucking. When it was finally over he opened his
eyes and  looked down at her kneeling there between his widely spread thighs.

        "That was GREAT Jane! You're gonna have to do that for me EVERY  day! 
Mmmmmmmm!" He licked his lips. He pushed her back a little then got up and 
looked at his watch. "We gotta get moving, Jane. We're supposed to be at 
Steve's  house in about fifteen minutes. He tugged his underwear and his jeans
back  on and  as he was retying his sneakers he told her to put on her white
beach  jacket. He  always loved the way that short jacket made it look like she
wasn't wearing  anything  underneath, and he used to fantasise that she didn't
have her bathing suit  on when  he saw her in it. This time it would be for
real! As long as she didn't  bend over  nobody would be able to see that she was
stark naked underneath it. He  unclipped  the leash and stuck it in his pocket
but he left Duke's collar around her  neck.

        "Let's go, Jane. We're walking over to Steve's house." The two of  them
left the  house together. He, with a mischievous grin on his face, and her with 
blushing  cheeks nearly as red as her barely concealed ass.




The Humiliation of Jane
------------------------------------------------------
Author: Jane 

Part 6


        Jane flinched when she heard the phone ring. It had been a long and 
torturous  week at home. Between the humiliation she faced at school and the 
humiliation she  faced at the hands of her own brother she REALLY didn't know
what to expect  next. She considered taking her situation to a doctor, and even
began to  drive there  until some motorist screamed at her, "Get off the road,
you cunt!" Besides  enduring  the powerful orgasm (another command Dennis
reinstated during her first  gang- bang) she jerked the car completely off the
road. She had to call home,  where  Dennis answered and basically guided her
back home through her cellular  phone.  And BOY did she have to pay for that one
when she came home. Since then she  was barraged with phone calls from all of
Dennis' friends. The people who  she had  to fuck and suck earlier who were just
dying for another fuck-feast.  Fortunately,  most of these guys asked her if she
wanted to go out, and because they  weren't  commands she could say "no" without
any problems. Stupid brother, she said  to  herself. At least he had the decency
to keep my condition a secret... if  anyone... That  was when the phone rang.
She hesitantly picked it up.

        "Hello?" she said shakily.

        "Hi.. Jane?"

        "Yes?"

        "Hi Jane. This is Dave St. James. You probably don't remember me,  do
you?"  Jane racked her mind. At least THAT was still working.

        "Nope. Sorry."

        "Oh," Dave said defeated. "We were in the same classes in high  school. 
Remember?" She tried to remember. The name sounded familiar. Then it hit  her!

        "Oh yeah," she said. "Davie, right? We had the same class in  English
and social  studies."

        "Yeah," Dave said, as he flinched trying to forget that nickname.  "Look
Jane,  I heard you were in town and I figured if we'd go out see a movie or 
something.."

        "Look Davie," she said..

        "It's Dave," he corrected her.

        "Dave," she said automatically. "I'm not feeling well right now so  I
REALLY  don't think this is a good idea. Besides I didn't know you back then and
I  sure as hell  don't want to now!" That's it, she said to herself. Reassert
yourself! Take  charge of  your life again!

        "I'm sorry you aren't feeling well," Dave said. "But I KNOW going  out
will  make you feel better. Now.."

        "LOOK, I don't want to have anything to DO with you! You were some 
annoying little pest from high school and you're still one today! Good- bye!"

        She was just about to slam the receiver down when she heard, "DON'T 
HANG  UP THAT PHONE!" Her arm just stood there, an inch from the phone. No
matter  WHAT she wanted to do, she couldn't hang up the phone.

        "Jane? Jane are you still there? Answer me!" She put the receiver  back
on her  ear.

        "Yeah, I hear you, you bastard! And when I.."

        "Shut up," he said. Then after a minute of silence Dave continued. 
"Now, I will  pick you up in an hour. Wear something very sexy. You will enjoy
being out  with  me, Jane. If anyone asks you where you're going you'll simply
say 'I'm  going to give  Dave St. James a good time.' Understand? You can say
'yes' if you  understand."

        "Yes.." she said. But she wanted to say more. A whole lot more!  'Yes
you  rotten no good bastard I can understand you! And if I didn't have that 
fucking  chemical sprayed onto me that took away my fucking free will I'd have
you  and  every other guy in the area brought up on charges so fast you'll wish
you  were  fucking queers!'

        "Good. Now when I say 'bye' you can hang up the phone and get ready  to
meet  me. Get yourself all cleaned up and dressed real sexily and wait for me. 
Understand?"

        "Yes.."

        "Good. I'll see you in an hour. You can resume talking once the  phone
is hung  up. Bye!" She slammed the phone down, screaming obscenities as she did.

        "FUCK YOU! FUCK YOU! FUCK YOU! And fuck my fucking bastard  brother of
mine for doing this to me!" An hour later she came down the  stairs. True  to
Dave's suggestions, she showered and put on a sleeveless white blouse  and black 
leather miniskirt which showed off her shapely legs. She also wore the  "fuck me 
now" shoes she didn't like wearing, but had to so she could look sexy for  her
"date."

        "Jane?" her mother said when she got to the foot of the stairs.  "Are
you going  out, dear?"

        "I'm going to give Dave St. James a good time!" Jane said 
enthusiastically, even  though every fiber of her being wanted to tell her
otherwise.

        "Oh!" her mother said, startled at that revelation. "Well.. you  have a
good time,  then." Jane raced out of the house hoping to God Dave wasn't late.
She  didn't want  anyone else to ask her questions and have them hear the same
response.  Fortunately  Dave wasn't late. He waited outside his old Plymouth
Horizon. Jane  remembered  Dave as a pudgy eunuch of a boy who followed her
around like some lovesick  puppy. Of course, she wanted nothing at all to do
with such a loser. He was  pimple- faced and stood to lose fifty pounds back
then. Very little had changed  since then.  He still could lose fifty pounds,
but now his acne was replaced with a  receding  hairline. Either way, in Jane's
mind, he was STILL a loser.

        "Hi Jane," Dave said as he leaned to give her a kiss.

        "Let's just get this over with," she said as she avoided his  advance
and headed  for the passenger side of the car. Dave opened the passenger side
door for  her to  get in. Once she did she slumped into the subcompact car. She
tried to  frown, but  again because Dave told her she will "enjoy" going out
with him, she  retained a grin  that presented the illusion of contentment.

        "So where are we going?" she said cheerily.

        "Well I thought a movie will be nice. What do you think?"

        "No!" she said with that phony smile. "Please.. some place quiet.. 
okay? Please?  Then you can do what you want to me. I just want this over with!"

        "I don't think so Jane," Dave replied with a grin. He certainly WAS 
enjoying  this. "Remember what you told your friends about me in high school?
You  said,  quote, 'I wouldn't go out with him if he was the last living being
on  Earth! I'd rather  die than be seen with him!' Unquote. You didn't think I
heard that, did  you? You  certainly said it loud enough in the cafeteria to let
everyone know all  about my crush  on you. Well, I'm going to let everyone know
that you and I are going out.  And the  first place we're going is the Cineplex
over at the mall."

        "No," she said, still grinning. "Look, I'm sorry, okay? I was a 
stuck-up bitch  back then. There's no need to do this to me.. please! Please..
I'll... I'll  let you fuck  me. I'll let you fuck me and I'll enjoy every minute
of it. Please.. I'll  fuck you in ways  you never thought of before! Just don't
bring me out in public like this!"

        "Why don't you give me a taste of what's to come?" Dave said as he 
turned a  corner. "Unbutton your blouse and let me see what's underneath it."

        "Oh god.." she said as a tear started to fall. She really couldn't  cry
because she  was told to enjoy being out with him, so it really looked strange
for her  to have  tears while she happily unbuttoned her blouse to reveal the
lace bra  underneath.

        "Let me tell you a little of what I went through," Dave said as he  took
a peek  of her bra-encased tits. "How about you pull up that skirt and rub
yourself  through  the panties. As I was saying.. Yes, you knew I was in love
with you back  then. And  you knew it because you had me doing stupid things. I
carried your books for you, and even helped you on questions you couldn't 
answer. Remember those little notes asking me to show you my test answers?  And 
you always had me get you a soda in the cafeteria, when you 'graciously'  let me
have  lunch with you and your little group of friends." Jane started to moan in 
pleasure as  she continued to rub herself through her lace panties, which were
starting  to get  wet.

        "Do you know how many women I've been out with since then?" he  asked
her.  "Three. And all of them just like you. Spoiled bitches who think they're 
God's gift  to the world. Each one of them have stepped on my life, twisted it
around,  and  made it into a literal hell, just like you did all those years
ago!"

        "MMMMMM..." Jane started to shake as she could feel herself  starting to 
climax.

        "Stop rubbing yourself," he said. "And button up your blouse  again."

        "L- look," she said as she fixed her clothes, "it's not my fault  life
treated you so  poorly. That's YOUR problem, not mine."

        "That's where you're wrong," he said with a grin. "You were the  first
girl I was  in love with. If you treated me with respect and dignity and didn't
use me  like you  did, I may have had the self-confidence to ask some other girl
who wouldn't  treat  me like shit. But every time I found some beautiful woman
they turned out  to be  just like you- arrogant, self-centered, and conniving.
They only wanted to  use me  for what I could provide them, and teased me just
like you did when they  got what  they wanted, and then threw me away like I was
yesterday's garbage. Well  now you  and I are going to go out, just like I
initially wanted to all those years  ago. And then  some." Dave parked the car
in front of the Cineplex. The old movie theater  had only  two movies going that
night.. "Crimson Tide" and "Showgirls." Jane quickly  guessed which one Dave
want to see.

        "Now here's the rules of our date," Dave said once he turned the  car
off. "You  won't be able to speak louder than a whisper. You will cling to me
like you  would  a boyfriend, and no matter what happens, you will enjoy our
little date  like you were  having the time of your life. Now, let's go see our
movie." Jane couldn't believe how utterly humiliating it was for her,  not only
to  be seen with such a loser, but to go out with him to see a lame movie like 
"Showgirls!" In some ways, she'd much rather be fucking Dennis' friends  over
and  over. She prayed that nobody she knew would recognize her...

        "Hi Jane!" She was wrong. She was spotted by Kelly and Keith once 
inside the  Cineplex. They were Jane's friends from high school. Kelly, with her
cute  face and  red hair tied off into a ponytail, and Keith, the blond captain
of the  college football  team. The perfect couple...

        "Oh no.." Jane whispered. "Please Dave, don't let me..."

        "Hi," Dave said waving to the couple as they approached. Jane could  see
Kelly  was a bit put off by seeing her with such a loser like Dave. But she
still  clung to the  guy as though they were in love.

        "Jane, it's been a while," Kelly said. "How have you been?"

        "Fine," she said with a whisper.

        "She's got a bit of a cold," Dave said with a grin. "You know how  it
is.. skinny- dipping in a cold lake will do that to you." Kelly and Keith
chuckled, but  Jane could  only blush in embarrassment. "Well, we have to get
going. Our movie is  about to  start and we can't miss it. You know, Jane has
ALWAYS wanted to see Showgirls." Jane's eyes went wide.

        "No I didn't!" she whispered. But they couldn't hear it.

        "Really?" Kelly said with her eyes wide. "Well it's good to see you 
Jane.. call  me when you get your voice back."

        "I will.." Jane whispered. Even though she knew Kelly wouldn't want  to
talk  to her, now she'd have to call anyways once Dave allowed her to speak 
normally.  'Maybe I can find some way to get out of this,' she thought to
herself. The  movie  was exactly what she heard it to be- a dud. She didn't care
for Elizabeth  Berkeley's  character at all, and the dance scenes were even more
pathetic.. but that  wasn't why  Dave brought her here. Dave leaned towards
Jane.

        "You're getting hornier by the minute," he whispered to her. "I  want
you to  start rubbing yourself again, but you can't cum yet." Jane started
frigging  herself  again, this time getting hornier and hornier. Dave no longer
cared about  the movie  as much as he was about seeing Jane play with herself.
He motioned his hand  to his  crotch. "You know what to do," he said. Jane shook
her head. "Do I really  have to  tell you?" he asked.

        She shook her head, this time in resignation, then slid her body  off
her seat, and  threw her head over his lap. She undid his belt, then his pants,
and then  reached into  his briefs and pulled out his cock. It was only six
inches long, but it  didn't matter to  her at this point. She had fucked and
sucked every kind of cock in the  short time,  and she was still addicted to
sperm, even though she got her regular "dose"  from  Dennis already.

        "Oh god, that's great," Dave murmured as Jane's head bobbed up and  down
his  short cock. "I've always wanted a blowjob like the one you're giving me.."

        "SSHHHH!" came the sound in the seats above them. The theater was 
mostly  empty. The movie was on it's last day, and hardly anyone went to see it 
because of  the lame reviews and the NC-17 rating. But there were a few guys
there who  liked  the movie.

        "Stop sucking me," he said to her. "I want you to go to every guy  here
and  offer to suck them off. If they say yes, you give them the best blow job of 
their  lives."

        "Please, no," she whispered to him. "Please, don't make me do  this.."
But it was  too late for her. She got out of her chair and walked over to the
closest  guy.  Without even thinking she whispered into his ear. "I want to suck
you  off..." The  42-year old guy didn't say anything. He just nodded and
pointed down to his  crotch.  Jane got down on her knees and opened up his
pants. She reached in and gave  her  cock a few jerks to get it hard, then she
moved the whole thing into her  mouth. She  wanted to suck fast and get it over
with, but instead she had to take her  time and  give it the best blow job she
could.

        Minutes later she could feel him stiffen as he was about to cum.  She
bobbed her  head hard and fast, working his cock to the brink, and then sucking
in all  the cum  that he sprayed into her mouth. She cleaned him up quietly
walked over to  the next  man. She whispered her offer to the man in his late
twenties. He didn't say  anything.  When she repeated her offer, the man simply
shook his head. Jane breathed a  sigh  of relief and moved on to the next guy.
The third man was an older  gentleman.  Maybe in his late sixties. Jane couldn't
see too well who it was, but she  figured he'd  just say no and then she could
go back to her seat.

        "Please.." she whispered into his ear, "let me suck you off." Then  when
the man  turned her heart sank. It was Frank Rizzo, her high school English
teacher!  Oh god,  no, she said to herself. Please don't recognize me. Please..
Mister Rizzo  smiled.

        "Hello Jane. Are you offering to give me a blowjob?" Jane blushed  as
she  nodded. Mr. Rizzo then held up one hand. "Let's see what you've got." Jane 
couldn't  believe this was the man who helped advise her in high school, and now
she  was  unzipping his fly and pulling out his wrinkled cock to suck on! She
could  remember  all the times he advised her on how to get into college. All
the  compliments he gave  her for her work.

        "Oh.. yes Jane.." he murmured as he put his hands on top of her  bobbing
head.  "So good.." It didn't take long for him to cum in her mouth. The taste
was  stale,  almost as old as he was. But she still sucked his dick clean, then
put it  back into his  trousers. She wanted to leave, but he grabbed her arm.
"You'll have to call  me  soon," he said with a grin. "So we can.. talk.. about
the old times.."  Jane, still in  shock, simply nodded. Another command. Another
thing she'd HAVE to do.  There  wasn't anyone else left in the theater, so she
went back to her seat next  to Dave. The  movie was almost over, and she was
thankful for that.

        "How many guys did you suck?" Dave whispered.

        "Two," she replied with her phony smile. Then Dave unzipped his  pants
again.

        "Well, let's make it three."




The Humiliation of Jane
------------------------------------------------------
Author: Jane 

Part 7


        Dave came into Jane's mouth just before the movie ended. She had  just
finished  sucking him dry when the house lights came on. She quickly cleaned
herself  up as  Dave zipped up his pants.

        "That was nice," Dave said. "Are you having fun?"

        "N.." she started to whisper, but then replied "Yes Dave, I'm  having a 
wonderful time."

        "Good," he said smiling. "Let's go. The night's far from over."  Jane
clutched  tightly to Dave as he led her out of the theater. She was embarrassed
he  had her  offer blow jobs to every man watching the movie, and she
desperately didn't  want  to be seen by anyone. She spent years building up a
reputation as a woman  beyond  reproach, a women in control of things. Now
because of this stupid  chemical,  everyone whom she's stepped on has been
dishing their revenge on her. First  the  employees at the Law Library, then the
Dean, then the security department,  then her  own brother, and now the little
worm she used to step on in high school.  How many  other people would be next?
Once in the car, Jane asked if she could speak  normally. Dave nodded.

        "How did you find out?" she asked.

        "About you?" he asked as he started the car. "Well you may not know 
this but  I know a few friends at that law school you go to. One of them worked
at  the  library and told me about what they did to you. When he heard you
weren't  in  school anymore he figured you went home, so he gave me a call."

        "So that you can have your little revenge on me as well," she said, 
pouting.

        "I told you that you've brought this on yourself.."

        "FUCK YOU!" she screamed. "I didn't bring ANYTHING on myself. YOU  did!
You did this to me! You're commanding me to do this! You.."

        "SHUT UP!" Instantly her jaws clamped shut as they left the parking  lot
and  headed for the highway. "You brought this on yourself," Dave continued, 
"because  you stepped on people for your personal gain. You didn't give a shit
about  anyone  else, just what YOU wanted. Now you're getting what's due." She
started to  whimper. She still wasn't allowed to cry, because she was told she
will  enjoy her  "date."

        "Now," he said, "I'm really not a bad guy. Really. If you bothered  to
notice, I  was a pretty decent guy back in high school. To a fault, I'm told. So
for  'old times  sake' I can help you out tonight. Now I want you to tell me all
of the  things you're  commanded to do." Jane sniffled as she told him
everything. All the sucking  and  fucking, her having powerful orgasms upon
hearing the word "cunt" (which  she  demonstrated once uttering the word), being
addicted to sperm, stripping  for Dennis  whenever their parents weren't home,
having to call people when told to,  even being  forced to wear a T-shirt that
said "Your wish is my command" unless told  otherwise. By the time she finished
they pulled into the local motel.

        "Do you have a credit card?" Dave asked.

        "Yes, but..."

        "You'll pay for the room," he said. She didn't bother putting any 
resistance to  it. She knew that the night was far from over. Dave escorted Jane
into the  hotel  room. She was unimpressed by it. The hotel room was small and
Spartan. There was a TV/radio with a cable box  hooked  up to it. The cardboard
flap on top of the box displayed times for porno  movies and  how to access
them.

        "Why didn't you take me to your house?" she asked him as he put the  "Do
Not  Disturb" sign on the door. "Why here?"

        "I'd rather not say," was his reply.

        "So I wouldn't have to see what kind of a hell-hole you really live 
in?" she  asked snidely.

        "That's one interpretation..," he said. "Besides, we can be as  noisy as
we want  to be.. and we won't get much sleep tonight, that's for certain." Then
it  occurred to  Jane that perhaps she was taking it the wrong way. He WANTS her
to feel  humiliated by it all. What if she gave him what he wanted? She tossed
her  purse on  the table and kicked off her shoes.

        "So what now, Dave? I strip, I suck, I fuck.. you cum in my mouth,  my
ass, in  me, on me, around me.. I play with myself, you play with me, you make
me play with  you...  what's left for you to do to me that's so humiliating?"
She unbuttoned her  blouse.  "I mean, I've fucked maybe fifty guys since I've
been home. My pussy is so  wide I  could park your car in it! My ass is so big
it whistles if the wind blows  just right!  What's left? Huh?" She stood there,
with her shirt unbuttoned, her bra- encased tits  visible. Dave St. James simply
stood there with a clueless look that Jane  remembered well - she FINALLY
regained control over the situation. He  didn't  know how to respond to her
boldness! Then he grinned.

        "Take it all off," he said. She sighed.

        "Oh, OK.." She removed her open shirt, then the miniskirt, the 
stockings, the  garter belt, then finally her bra and panties. All as
nonchalantly as  though she were  in her own bedroom. "There!" she exclaimed as
she rubbed her breasts. "See?  What  now?"

        "Now step outside."

        "WHAT??" she exclaimed as she started to head to the door.

        "Fuck the hell out of first guy you see after you open the door, no 
matter who  he is. Fuck him like you never fucked anyone before." She got
nervous as  she  reached for the doorknob. Showing up someone like Dave was one
thing.. but  now  her biggest fear - going out stark naked and fucking the first
guy she saw  - could  very well come true. She had visions of having to fuck the
butt-ugly cab  driver they  saw as they arrived, or the police officers who were
running radar checks.

        "Please," she said as her hand shook on the doorknob, "don't make  me do 
this.."

        "Close your eyes," he said. She did, at the same time her hand  turned
the  doorknob and opened the door. She started to walk out naked into the open 
parking  lot. What sort of trouble was she going to get into? PLEASE, she
thought to  herself, let him stop this before it goes too far! "Turn around and
open  your eyes."  She did, seeing Dave stand there in the room. Instantly she
bolted back  inside and  went straight for the zipper of his pants.

        "Oh god," she mumbled as she reached in for his cock, "I thought  you
were  really going to do it!" She hungrily took his cock into her mouth, making 
obscene  slurping sounds as she sucked it to full erection.

        "OHHHHHH yeah!" Dave said with satisfaction. "That was just a  warning..
I  still could tell you to do that at any time... oh yeah.... so.. so don't 
forget that." Jane  continued to suck on his rod, while her hands were pulling
off his pants.  Then with  his clothes in a pile at his feet, Jane grabbed both
hands around his ass  and sucked  hard until he came in her mouth. With his jism
still on the sides of her  mouth, Jane  then began rubbing her breasts against
his cock.

        "Oh.. please," she said as she moved her tits around his spent  cock,
"let me fuck  you.. I want you to enjoy it.. really.." With his cock sliding
around her  hot tits, it  didn't take long for him to get hard again. And once
he was, she grabbed  hold of it  and led it into her wet pussy.

        "SSSSSSSSSS" she hissed as she brought him inside her.

        "OOOHHHH... YEAAHHHHHHHH!!!" Dave said with delight. He didn't need  any
more encouragement as he began to slowly piston himself in and out of  her hot 
cunt. Jane could feel his out-of-shape stomach slap against her taut belly  as
he  pumped her. She didn't want to fuck him. She wanted to sleep. She wanted to 
gargle a gallon of mouthwash to get the taste of sperm out of her mouth.  But
most  of all, she wanted to find some way to get her free will back so she can 
tell all these  people to FUCK OFF!!

        "Cum .. for me..." he said with a groan. "Cum.. HARD for me.." She 
cried out  as she climaxed. Her whole body shook. "Again.." he said. "Keep 
cumming...!" Jane  kept on cumming. She couldn't think anymore. Nothing mattered
anymore. Just  his  cock and her body as she climaxed over and over. It didn't
take long for  Dave to  cum inside her. She could barely feel his cock as it
pulsed inside her,  exploding it's  spunk into her. Then she cried out again as
she climaxed yet again... and  again...

        She didn't know how long she came before she could feel Dave get  hard
again  and insert his cock into her, this time rolling her over and entering her 
from behind.  But it didn't matter to her.. she was STILL cumming! Still crying
out as  she  climaxed over and over... Dave didn't stay in her pussy for long,
not with  her ass  more readily available! He positioned his cock around the
rubbery entrance  to her  anus, and, with Jane still screaming in delight,
slowly pushed the head in.  True to  her word, Jane's asshole was so loose it
felt just like her cunt! There was  little  tightness at all in her shitter!

        "OHHH Jane.." he grunted. "Your ASS... is so fucking.. WONDERFUL!!"

        "OOOOHHH!.." she said in a cracked voice between orgasms, " P- please!
I-I- IEEEEEEEE!!... I need to r-r-RESTTTTTTTTTTT!!!!"

        "Oh... Not yet... ALMOST!!!.... UUNNNGGHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!"  He
shuddered, then his cock erupted again, this time shooting cum up her  ass. She 
couldn't feel him cum this time. She was continually cumming for so long,  and
so  hard, that she couldn't feel anything anymore. "Stop cumming," he said as 
he pulled  his cock out of her ass. For a minute, she thought she wouldn't stop.
She  could  barely hear him. Her whole body was sore, and she could swear she
pulled a  few  muscles.

        "You.. bastard.." she said hoarsely. "You.. could.. have KILLED  me.."
But  before he could reply, she drifted to sleep. When she awoke, it was past 2 
in the  morning. "Huh?" she said, still a bit hoarse. "Wha..?" She was lying
face  down on  the bed, still very much naked. She looked around and found Dave
sitting on  the  little chair, watching the porno movie on TV. He was still
dressed in his  underwear.

        "I guess I didn't kill you," he said with a smile.

        "You bastard," she said as she got up, wincing at the muscles she 
certainly  pulled. "Why did you do that?"

        "Because I can," he said as he watched her walk into the bathroom. 
"Consider  that part of some of the frustration *I* went through since high
school.  You had me  jumping over hoops then, and you didn't care what happened
to me." He could  hear  the toilet flush between the "OHH" and "AHH" of the
porno movie. Then he  heard  the shower running. He got up and walked into the
bathroom. Jane was  startled by  the shower curtain being pulled back.

        "HEY!" she exclaimed. "I'm taking a shower!"

        "So?" he said as he closed the toilet lid and sat down. "Don't let  me
stop you  from taking a shower."

        "You pervert," she said as she continued to wash herself with the 
miniature  hotel soap. "Make me fuck you.. suck off those guys.. almost kill me
by  cumming  so many times..."

        "Play with yourself," he said. Her hands automatically went to her 
clit, rubbing  it slowly.

        "Oohh.. you bastard! Make me cum for you.." She moved the hand with  the 
soap to her breasts, massaging them with the bar. "You like this? Huh?  Oohh.. 
Watching me play with myself for you... UUNNGGHH... Why don't you jerk off...
huh? ... Why aren't you jerking off?"  Dave's hand was reaching for his cock,
but instead he got up and stripped  off his  underwear. Jane's eyes got wide as
he started to get in the shower with  her.

        "Give me the soap," he said as he closed the shower curtain behind  him.
"Stop  playing with yourself and start washing me off with your soapy hands."
She  complied, moving her soapy hands across his hairy chest. He built up a 
lather, then  began massaging her tits.

        "You like this?" she said trying to sound as slutty as she could.  "Does
this get  you hot? Is this what you wanted to do with me in high school?" She
moved  her  hand down to his cock. "Do you want me to jerk you off in here? How
about  fucking me? Yeah.. taking me from behind.. or better yet, in my ass? Hmm? 
How  about that?" He didn't say anything, just spun her around. "Yeah, that's 
right.. fuck  me.. just fuck the shit out of me.. get it out of your system
already!" But  instead of  fucking her, Dave resumed massaging her tits with his
soapy hands.

        "I read about this on the Internet," he said. "You'll love it!"  Jane
couldn't help  but love it, even if he didn't tell her to. The sensation of his
hands on  her body, the  warm water, the soap.. she never felt such tenderness
before. Most of the  guys who  have humiliated her just fucked her. Even her
boyfriends - back when she  HAD  boyfriends - were never this gentle. They just
wanted a quick suck or a  quick fuck.  She hummed in pleasure as he moved his
hands from her breasts to her sore  ribs,  then to her belly, where she had even
more sore muscles from her strong  orgasms.

        "D-don't do that," she said.

        "Why? Does it hurt?"

        "N-no.. but.."

        "Does it help?" She hesitated. It DID feel good, but she didn't  want to
feel  good. And she didn't want HIM to know it. "Be honest," he said.

        "Yes," she said automatically. "It feels so good.. and I don't want  to
feel so  good right now.." His hands gravitated down to her clit, and he slowly 
massaged  it with his soapy fingers. "OOOHH.. no.. Dave.. don't... NNNHHHH....
P- please...  OHHHHHH..." She felt his body rest against hers. She leaned
against the  shower  wall, no longer underneath the warm water, awash in the
pleasure Dave St.  James  was giving through his hands. "OOOHHHH... OH!...
MMMMM... please... don't  stop... I.. I want to... I want to cum...
OOHHHHHHH!!!!!" His gentle  finger- fucking continued for minutes, slowly
bringing her to a climax. Her body  shook, and  all the strength had left her
body. Only the shower wall and Dave's warm  and wet  body kept her standing.
Dave turned the shower off and filled the tub with  water,  then as it filled,
slowly led Jane down into the tub in front of him. The  water was  warm, and she
could feel her muscles relax as it crept up her body.

        "Why?" she murmured. "Why don't you just fuck me and get it over  with?"

        "If sex was all I was interested in," he said as he held her, "we  would
have been  done earlier. But I want more than just that. I want to make up some
lost  ground."

        "That's sweet," she said, "but why don't you just find yourself a  girl
who wants  to be with you? I mean REALLY wants to be with you, not coerced."

        "Maybe later," he said as he put his hands around her breasts. "But 
right now  you need a friend..."

        "I've GOT friends," she intercepted.

        "Bullshit. You got opportunists. Stepping stones. People who've  either
shit on  you, or you've shit on. That's what got you in the situation you're in 
now."

        "And YOU think you can be different?" He smiled.

        "Given a chance, yes." She thought about that for a minute. Sure he  was
still  a shit, but he did have a point. Everyone in her life were just stepping 
stones. Her  family, friends, teachers, other students... all just means to her
end, and  now because  of her affliction THEY all have the upper hand, using her
as a stepping  stone.  Where can she really turn? WHO can she turn to?

        "Fuck," she said out loud. "Oh, okay... Now what?"

        "Now," he said, "we'll fuck. Then we'll see about removing some of 
those  commands." She got on top of him and slowly brought him to another
climax,  all  the while hoping that he, unlike those she turned to, would help
her  instead of using  her...

The End




The Humiliation of Jane
------------------------------------------------------

Part 8

TEACHER'S REVENGE

Jane didn't get home till after six in the morning and as she laid in bed trying 
to get to sleep she smiled for the first time in a long time as someone may 
finally be able to help her. Dave had said that he would take away the majority 
of the commands if she would trust him. That was suppose to happen next week, 
unfortunately he had to go to a conference in Canada at noon, and wouldn't be 
back till the following week. Jane falls asleep thinking of better times.

When she wakes, she gets up and makes herself breakfast, it is already 12:45 in 
the afternoon. 'Thank God no one is here, right now.' After eating six pieces of 
toast, she realizes that she was suppose to call Mr. Rizzo. 'Damn, maybe I can 
get this over with, without any commands.' She picks up the phone and calls the 
school. "Hi, could I speak to Mr. Rizzo?"

"Sure," answers a woman on the other end of the line. 

Moments later Mr. Rizzo says "Good afternoon, this is Mr. Rizzo."

"Hi Mr. Rizzo it is Jane, you told me to call you."

"And you obeyed?"

"Uh-what can I do for you?"

"We have a lot of catching up to do, meet me at my place at 4 o'clock this 
afternoon, ok."

"Uh-ok," replies Jane.

"Good and dress to please, bye," commands Mr. Rizzo.

"Fuck you, I am, damn it," sighs Jane as she realizes Mr. Rizzo has already hung 
up the phone. "Fuck, now I have to go to his place tonight. Oh well, I need some 
semen anyways and if I get out of here now, maybe I can avoid Dennis today. Jane 
goes and showers, gets dressed casually in jeans and her hated 'Your wish is my 
command' shirt, and grabs some of her slut clothes for this afternoons 
encounter. She jumps in her car and heads out to the library, hoping she can 
find something there that may be able to break the spell.

'Shit, it's already three-thirty,' thinks Jane as she grabs a couple of the 
books she hadn't read yet and signs them out.

"Cute shirt," says the man at the checkout counter.

"Thanks," replies Jane, "it was a joke shirt from my bachelorette party."

The man laughs and Jane gets out of there thankful that no more commands were 
given. She gets to Mr. Rizzo's house a couple minutes early and begins to change 
her outfit in her car. She changes into a black miniskirt, matching garter and 
stockings, three inch pumps and a white see through blouse, with a black bra 
underneath. Jane struggles to get the stockings on and finally after a little 
frustration she is dressed to please. Jane gets out of her car and walks to Mr. 
Rizzo's frontdoor. She rings the doorbell.

Moments later Mr. Rizzo answers the door and says "Good afternoon Jane, come 
in."

Jane obeys and walks into the house, still hoping she could get out of this 
without fucking the old man. When she got inside she saw that there were at 
least 10 people there, all teachers that she had during high school. 'Oh shit,' 
thinks Jane, 'this can't be good.' Jane looks around 'there is the principal Mr. 
Weathers, the secretary the young Miss Wilson, my grade 12 law teacher Mr. 
Stones, my guidance counsellor Mrs. Webber, my History teacher Miss Thompson, 
the janitor Mr. whats-his-name, the Vice-Principal Mr. White, oh shit Miss 
Collins, the intern I terrorized, old Mrs. McBead the school librarian and Mr. 
Rizzo. Ten people. What could they possible want, they don't know about the 
commands yet, so just be patient and maybe I can get out of this.' "Hi, this is 
like a teacher/student reunion," Jane says.

"Ya, I guess you could call it that Jane," says Mr. Weathers as the big, black 
man, around 40 and in great shape(a ex-football player for the Jets) gets up and 
walks over to Jane and continues speaking "Paul here was telling us about him 
seeing you at the movies last night."

Jane lowers her head, but doesn't speak. Mr. Weathers grabs Jane's hands and 
says why don't you take a seat. Jane follows and sits down in the middle of the 
room, all eyes on her. "Do you remember everyone here?"

"Yes," replies Jane.

"My you are dressed rather slutty Jane," says Miss Collins. "Remember when you 
used to make fun of me for wearing short skirts in school. Remember when you 
complained to Mr. Weathers, saying I was flirting with the boy students." Miss 
Collins walks over to Jane and slaps her in the face. Miss Collins is wearing a 
rather short skirt for a teacher, with beige nylons and a conservative red 
blouse. 

"Ow, Miss Collins, I'm sorry, I was a bitch then."

"Calm down Angela, all in good time," says Mr. Weathers. "Do you know why we are 
all here, Jane?"

"No," replies Jane thinking so far-so good, no commands.

"Well after you called Paul he came and told me that you did everything you were 
told. He thought maybe you were submissive."

'Oh shit,' thinks Jane.

Mr. Weather continues, "So we called all the teachers and other school workers 
who you have pissed off during your four years at school. Do you even remember 
how you offended each one of us?"

"No," replies Jane a little terrified.

"Well Angela already gave her piece, even though you did everything you could to 
make her life hell didn't you?"

"Well I suppose that is true, but she was so beautiful and all the boys wanted 
her."

"So that makes it ok to try and ruin a young woman's career?" Jane doesn't 
answer. "Answer me Jane," bellows Mr. Weathers.

Jane startled quickly replies "No sir."

"How about Miss Wilson? Do you remember treating her lowly just because she was 
as you put it 'just a secretary'?"

"Yes," replies Jane.

"Of course you always challenged Ed in Law, did you really think you knew more 
than he did?" Not waiting for a answer he continues "Of course your complaints 
were a pain for both Mr. White and Mrs. Webber. Or how about the time you 
accused Miss Thompson of playing favourites? She almost lost her job."

"I didn't mean to," starts Jane.

"Shut up," demands Mr. Weathers. Jane immediately quits speaking. "Lastly, you 
treated Mrs. McBead horribly as if she was your personal servant. She was a 
librarian, she deserved respect. And Martin there, remember all the times you 
left crap on the floor or purposely made fun of him because he was the janitor. 
Ironically, the only person you didn't treat bad was Paul. Anyways, to make a 
long story short, it is pay back time."

"What do you mean?" questions Jane as she stands up.

"Do a sexy strip tease for us Jane," demands Mr. Weathers.

"No, I am not," starts Jane as she starts wiggling her ass, "don't make me do 
this please." Jane slides her hands on her breasts and rubs. "You are teachers, 
you are suppose to be respectful to students."

"You are no longer a student," replies Mr. Weathers.

"You bastards, don't make me do this, I'm sorry for everything I did in the 
past," pleads Jane as she begins to seductively unbutton her blouse. Jane 
notices that Paul has a videocamera and is recording her dance. "Oh no, Mr. 
Rizzo, don't tape this. Stop taping and I will let you fuck me," begs Jane 
seductively. Jane's blouse drops to the floor. She continues to wiggle her ass, 
moving right in front of Mr. Stones. 

Mr. Stones squeezes Jane's butt and says "Nice ass Janie." Jane winks at Mr. 
Stones and continues her dance. She slips off her bra to reveal her breasts to 
all of her former teachers. Jane feels humiliated, but is beginning to get 
turned on. Jane realizes she has not yet had her daily dose of semen. 
"Let's get the skirt off," yells Miss Collins. Jane notices that Miss Collins' 
hand is inside her skirt. Jane obeys the ex-intern's command and begins to slide 
the skirt down her long luscious legs. 

"Have you seen enough yet," asks a dejected Jane.

"Not even close," replies Mr. Weathers, "Now let us she how much you enjoy 
turning us on."

'Damn, a command,' thinks Jane. Jane begins getting hornier and now begins to 
enjoy having an audience. She rubs her hands on the outside of her panties and 
moans loudly. Then she slides her hand inside her panties and begins fingering 
herself. She pulls her finger out, walks seductively to Mr. Weathers and places 
her finger at his mouth. Mr. Weather's opens his mouth and sucks the juices off 
of Jane's finger. Jane walks away and continues to do her dance. She walks over 
to Martin, the janitor, and throws her right leg onto his lap. Martin takes off 
her shoe and then unhooks the stocking from the garter and slides off the silk 
stocking. 

Jane moves away and taking a hunch about Miss. Collins, throws her left leg on 
her lap. Miss Collins slips off Jane's shoe and sucks Jane's toes through the 
nylon fabric. She slides her hand up and down Jane's leg and then unhooks the 
stocking. Ever so slowly she slides the stocking off Jane's leg, continually 
kissing the inside of your thigh. Jane is moaning from the sensual treatment 
that her ex-intern is giving her. Suddenly, Miss Collins says "Let's see your 
cunt." Jane drops to the floor from the power of the orgasm, that had been 
building up for the past 15 minutes. Jane obeys the command and after regaining 
her strength, slides off her panties and reveals a freshly shaved pussy. Jane 
looks around and remembers who is watching her, she is humiliated, but 
remembering an earlier command, continues to enjoy herself. She stays on the 
floor but begins humping her body for her audience. 

Around the room the audience had began to shed their clothes. Mr. Weathers had 
got ridden of his shirt and his pants and has standing close to Jane with a 
massive bulge in his underwear. 

On the couch, Miss Wilson, about 30, blonde, with blue eyes, glasses, small 
breasts and long legs is topless. She is still wearing her jeans.

Also on the couch, Mr. Stones was still completely dressed, but was beginning to 
undo his pants. He was probably just over 40, with a decent body and relatively 
good looking.

Beside Mr. Stones was Mrs. Webber, she had discarded her blouse and skirt and 
was sitting there in a white bra, panty and pantyhose. She was probably 35, a 
bit overweight, with the hugest tits Jane had ever seen.

The janitor was shirtless, but still in his work jeans. He was probably barely 
30, skinny and extremely homily. 

The vice-principal, Mr. White, was still completely dressed and had taken the 
videocamera from Mr. Rizzo. He was actually retired now, over 70 years old, 
extremely overweight, with a beard.

On the loveseat was Miss Collins and Miss Thompson. Miss Thompson, 28, was a 
redhaired knockout, with green eyes, firm breasts and long, long slender 
legs(she stood at just under 6 feet). Miss Thompson had slipped out of her 
conservative long dress to reveal a red bra, red panties and a matching 
garter-belt and stockings, also red. Miss Collins had slipped out of panties a 
while ago, but still had on her skirt and bra. At the moment Miss Thompson was 
helping Miss Collins out of her blouse.

Mr. Rizzo was nowhere to be found.

Lastly, Mrs. McBead, over 60 years of age, was still fully dressed, but she was 
rubbing herself through her old dress.

Jane kept bucking her hips for the audience and watched as Miss Thompson started 
sucking Miss Collin's breasts. Jane doesn't have much time to reflect on the 
lesbian action as she feels a cock at the entrance of her vagina. She turns 
around to see Mr. Weathers and his 12 inch black cock. Jane begs "Please don't, 
its too big." 

Mr. Weathers does the opposite and plunges his cock into Jane's moist hole. Jane 
screams "Oh my God, fuck it is so biggggg." After a few strokes, Mr. Weather's 
12 inches are all the way inside Jane. Jane screams "Oh my God, fuck me, fuck me 
with that massive cock, oh ya..." Jane's screams are stopped by Mr. Stone's 
cock. Jane knows what to do and begins using her expert lips on her ex-law 
teacher. 

Around the room, Miss Wilson had got out of her jeans and was now only wearing a 
pair of black pantyhose. Mrs. Webber was now completely naked and fingering 
herself. Martin, the janitor, was busy sucking on Mrs. Webber's breasts. Miss 
Thompson had quit working on Miss Collin's breasts and was now eating her out. 
The librarian was still fully clothed and still rubbing herself. Mr. Rizzo had 
reappeared and was completely naked, he walks over to Mrs. McBead and places his 
cock in front of her. She opens her mouth and takes his small cock in. Mr. White 
was busy videotaping the whole thing.

Jane continues to work on Mr. Stone's cock while beginning to buck back on Mr. 
Weather's huge stick. Jane is obviously enjoying having two of her holes 
plugged. Jane hears Miss Collins scream "That's it Sarah, eat me." Jane looks up 
to watch the beautiful redhead eat out Miss Collins. Jane is envious. She wishes 
she could be that beautiful, that Miss Thompson was a knockout. Jane's focus is 
changed as she feels sperm slide down her throat. She continues working on Mr. 
Stones cock until every last drop of sperm is extracted from him. 'Uh, I needed 
that,' thinks Jane. 

Mr. Stones withdraws his cock from his ex-students mouth and starts getting 
dressed. As he gets ready to leave he says "Thank you Jane, Paul was right, you 
are an excellent cocksucker." 

Jane just smiles as she moans from the fucking that her ex-principal is giving 
her. Jane moans continually as she screams "Mr. Weathers don't stop fucking me, 
it feels so good."

Mr. Weathers slides his cock out of Jane. Jane turns her head to look at the big 
man and begs "Put it back in please, please, I need your cock."

"First take it in your mouth." Jane turns around, gets on her knees and starts 
to take the massive black cock in her mouth. "If you can take all of it 
inbetween those cocksucking lips of yours, I will fuck you again." Jane 
continues to take more of the black cock in her mouth.

Around the room, Mr. Rizzo has just came in the mouth of Mrs. McBead. He was now 
just getting on his knees and spreading the old woman's legs apart. After 
numerous orgasms, Miss Collins had now began returning the favour. She had got 
rid of Miss Thompson's red panties and was now licking at Miss Thompson's pussy, 
while she slid two fingers in and out of her box. Mrs. Webber had just finished 
sucking the janitor's average sized penis and was now getting on the floor so 
the janitor could do her doggy style. Miss Wilson, watching all the action, 
decides she wants to get involved and gets on the floor and places her vagina in 
front of Mrs. Webber's mouth. Mrs. Webber doesn't hesitate as she begins sucking 
Miss Wilson through her pantyhose. After a couple minutes of this, Miss Wilson 
slips out of her hose and rips off her panties and shoves Mrs. Webber's tongue 
into her moist box.

Jane now had 10 inches in her mouth and was trying desperately to get the last 
two inches into her mouth. She actually was beginning to like the taste of her 
own juices. Especially when it was on a cock. As Jane got the 11th inch in her 
mouth she contemplated what she had become 'I really am a slut. Here I am 
attempting to take a huge cock in my mouth, just so he will fuck me with his 
huge cock. I am more than a slut, a am a tramp, a whore, a sleazy piece of meat, 
thats only purpose in life is to suck, fuck and lick men and woman.' The 12th 
inch is in her mouth and she begins to get excited thinking of Mr. Weather's 
cock going back into her cunt. 

"Good work Jane, you are a great cocksucker. Now bend over if you want my cock 
again." Jane quickly gets on all fours and awaits Mr. Weather's prick. "Do you 
want it in your cunt," Jane orgasms, "or your ass?"

"My pussy, put it back in my pussy," begs Jane. Jane should have known better. 
Mr. Weather's rubs his cock at Jane's pussy entrance and after getting it well 
lubricated he places his cock at her shithole entrance. "No, not my ass, your 
cock is too big, fuck my pussy."

"Come on Jane, beg me to fuck your ass."

Jane sighs as she hears another command, "Oh please, please fuck my ass with her 
black fuck stick. Shove all 12 inches into my slutty bowels. Fuck me hard." Mr. 
Weather's begins slowly penetrating Jane's ass. "Oh ya, that feels sooooooo 
good, don't stop fucking me, don't stop fucking your ass." 

Around the room, Miss Wilson and Mrs. Webber had swapped places and Martin was 
now fucking Miss Wilson. Mrs. Webber was busy sucking on Mrs. Webber's massive 
breast. She really seemed to be in heaven. Mr. Rizzo was now fucking Mrs. 
McBead, apparently in the ass. Miss Collins was still sucking on Miss Thompson's 
twat and was now sliding a finger in both her pussy and her ass.

Mr. Weathers close to cumming from fucking Jane's tight ass, pulls out and 
demands "Open wide Jane."

Jane obeys and takes Mr. Weather's cock back in her mouth. Seconds later she 
feels the liquidly substance slide down her throat. She grabs her principal's 
ass and pulls him forward taking all 12 inches into her mouth. Mr. Weathers, 
exhausted, slides his cock out of Jane's mouth and sits down on the recliner. 
Jane collapses on the floor from exhaustion. She doesn't have much time to relax 
as she hears Miss Thompson say "Jane, get over here now,"

Jane slowly gets up and crawls over to the loveseat. Miss Collins stops eating 
out Miss Thompson and gets up on the loveseat. "Now bitch," demands Miss 
Collins, "start from the bottom and kiss every part of our feet and legs." Jane 
obeys taking each one of Miss Collin's toes in her mouth. Jane looks up to see 
the two woman swapping spit as Jane worked on Miss Collin's foot. 

Around the room, Martin about to shoot a loud of cum, pulls out of Miss Wilson 
and cums over to Jane and starts fucking her ass. Seconds later he shoots his 
cum in Jane's ass. Miss Wilson and Mrs. Webber, reposition themselves as they 
begin to rub their pussies together. Mr. Rizzo, stops fucking Mrs. McBead and 
positions himself behind Jane. He too, like Martin, slides his cock into Jane's 
well lubricated butt and quickly shoots his load into her. Jane begins working 
on Miss Thompson's legs, kissing her legs through her red nylons. Miss Collins 
grabs her purse and pulls out a couple vibrators. She says "Here Jane, fuck both 
of us simultaneously." Jane takes the two toys and begins fucking the two woman. 
Both woman start moaning as Jane fucks them with the toys. 

Miss Wilson and Mrs. Webber were now laying on the floor exhausted. Mr. Rizzo, 
Martin and Mr. Weathers were trying to recoup. While Mrs. McBead had crawled 
over to Mr. White, who was still taping the whole orgy, and began sucking his 
shrivelled old cock.

After a couple of orgasms, Miss Thompson says "Ladies, come over here and get on 
all fours. Jane here is going to lick all are assholes." All five woman line up 
beside each other. Jane realizes this wasn't actually a command, but Jane knew 
what was expected of her. Jane bent behind Miss Wilson and began licking her 
shithole. She continued this routine until she had licked the shit of all five 
former teachers. 

After this the five woman went in a lesbian daisy chain while Mr. Weathers lies 
on the ground and demands "Jane get on top and straddle me." 

'Man is this ever going to stop,' she thinks to herself as she gets on top of 
Mr. Weathers. Soon she is riding all twelve inches of Mr. Weather's massive 
pecker. Jane begins to hump Mr. Weathers furiously and massages her breasts. 
Jane feels a cock at her ass and turns around to see Martin, the ugly janitor, 
sliding his cock into her ass. Jane turns her head back around and sees a cock 
right in front of her. She looks up to see Mr. Rizzo starring down at her. Jane 
opens her mouth and takes her ex-English teacher's cock in it. 

"That's it cunt," says Mr. Rizzo, as Jane explodes to an orgasm, "deep throat 
me. Oh ya, keep sucking cunt." Another powerful orgasm flows through Jane's 
body. She struggles to keep working on all three cock's that are currently 
working their way in her. 

On the floor beside Jane and her threesome, is the daisy chain. Mrs. McBead had 
returned to swallowing Mr. White's cock, while the other four were still sucking 
each other's boxes, each sliding two fingers into the other's moist pussies. 
Miss Collins screams "Fuck my cunt," as Mrs. Webber slides a third finger in. 
Jane almost crumbles from that orgasm. 

Miss Wilson says seductively to Miss Thompson, "Your pussy tastes sooooo good."
Miss Thompson takes her fingers out of Mrs. Webber's cunt and pushes a finger 
into her ass. 

Miss Wilson begs "Rub my clit while you eat my cunt." Jane shakes violently as 
she has yet another orgasm. "Oh, my cunt is on fire." Jane collapses from that 
orgasm. 

Martin keeps fucking her ass, while Mr. Weather's pushes her up and demands 
"Keep riding me bitch." Jane struggles to regain her balance and continues to 
ride Mr. Weathers. She also engulfs Mr. Rizzo's penis. Moments later she feels a 
hot liquid shoot in her ass. Martin pulls out and sits down. Mr. Rizzo, pulls 
out of Jane's mouth and replaces Martin and starts fucking Jane's ass. 

Mr. White shoots a small amount of cum in the air as Mrs. McBead jerks him off. 
The cum splashes on the lense of the camera. Mrs. Webber screams "I'm cumming."
"Miss Wilson echo's her sentiments as she moans "Ahhhhh."

Miss Collins pushes Mrs. Webber's head harder into her cunt. "Make me cum now," 
she demands.

Miss Thompson begs, "Fuck my ass, I need your fingers in my ass." Miss Wilson 
obeys and slides a finger deep into Miss Thompson's bowels.

Mr. Rizzo doesn't last long in Jane's ass and pulls out and shoots his cum on 
Jane's back. Mr. Weathers demands "Jane, shove my cock in your ass and ride me." 
Jane eagerly obeys and repositions herself so she can ride Mr. Weather's cock. 
Martin has left. Miss Thompson orgasms from the finger-fucking in her ass. Miss 
Collins orgasms and pulls Mrs Webber's lips to hers. "Hmmm, I taste good," she 
says.

Mr. Weather's moans "I'm cumming!" He shoots yet another load of cum in Jane's 
well fucked ass. "Jane suck my cock." Jane gets off of Mr. Weather's cock and 
takes it in her mouth. She continues sucking him as his cock shrivels to its 
prehard length. Jane is still licking Mr. Weather's cock, until Mr. White brings 
the videocamera right up to Jane and says "Here, lick my cum off the lense." 
Jane obeys and is about to lay down on the floor to sleep when she hears Miss 
Collins say "Jane, get over here." Jane crawls over to Miss Collins. Miss 
Collins gives Jane a beer bottle and says "Here ride this."

Jane begs "Please don't make me do that." By the time she finishes that sentence 
her cunt has already engulfed the head of the bottle. On the couch Mrs. Webber 
is being fucked by Miss Thompson's foot. Miss Wilson is looking for her clothes. 
Mr. Weathers is dressed now, but is eagerly watching Jane take the bottle up 
your box. 

Jane continues to ride the bottle and swallows the bottle whole when Miss 
Collins asks "How does that bottle feel in your cunt?"

"OH my god," screams Jane in pain as the whole bottle fits into Jane's box. The 
bottle sticks in Jane, so Miss Collins comes over and pulls it out. 

Miss Collins demands "Get on all fours, cunt." Jane orgasms as she tries to get 
on all fours. Miss Collins slides the bottle into Jane's ass. 

Miss Wilson has left. Mrs. Webber was now sucking on Miss Thompson's foot that 
was just in her box. Miss Collins slides under Jane and sucks on Jane's clit as 
she fucks her ass with the bottle. Miss Thompson gets up and starts getting 
dressed. She calls "Angela, lets go home." 

Miss Collins stops sucking on Jane's clit and gets up obediently and says "Yes 
mistress Sarah." Miss Collins starts searching for her clothes. 

Mrs. Webber, still horny, says "Jane get over here and suck on my tits." Jane 
pulls the bottle out of her ass and crawls to the couch. Jane begins sucking on 
those massive melons. 

'Man these are the biggest tits I have ever seen,' thinks Jane. 'Man my ass and 
cunt are aching. Miss Thompson is Miss Collin's mistress?' 

As Jane switches to the other breast, Miss Thompson says "Jane, you will have to 
come to me and my slaves' house one day so we can play some lesbo games."

Jane looks up at Miss Thompson, trying to envision her dominating Miss Collins, 
that turns her on, "yes that would be fun," she replies.

"Be at my place, Tuesday, 7 o'clock, my address is 711 Wall Street, expect to 
sleep over."

"Yes mistress," replies Jane. Jane returns to Mrs. Webber's breasts as Miss 
Collins and Miss Thompson leave. 

Mrs. Webber demands "Eat my cunt, bitch."

Jane orgasms, again, and slides down to Mrs. Webber's pussy. 

Mr. Weathers is speaking to Mr. Rizzo, "Make sure you make a tape for everyone 
of us. This will be great staff party viewing."

"Sure thing," replies Mr. Rizzo, "see you tomorrow."

Mrs. Webber orgasms from Jane's cunt-lapping and gets up and starts getting 
dressed. 

Mr. Rizzo says "Jane, you look exhausted. Take a nap and when you wake you are 
welcome to leave. Oh, by the way, cunt."

Mr. Rizzo laughs as Jane collapses on the couch from the umpteenth orgasm and 
passes out. 





The Humiliation of Jane
------------------------------------------------------

Part 9

A FEW DAYS WITH THE FOLKS

Jane wakes up at 6 in the morning and quickly gets dressed and leaves. 'Man that 
was so humiliating and I have to go to Miss Thompson's house next Tuesday. 

'Shit.' Jane gets home and goes right to bed.

Next morning, Jane wakes up and goes straight to the shower. After a long shower 
she throws on a pair of shorts and her t-shirt(you know the one). As she goes in 
the kitchen she is surprised to see her mother home. Jane asks "Shouldn't you be 
at work?"

"Yes, I called in sick. I was concerned about you. You havn't got home till 
after six in the morning the last two days. Out of curiosity did you 'give Dave 
St. James a good time'?" asks her mother.

"I-I," replies Jane trying to figure out what she should say.

"Answer me now dammit," demands her mother.

"Ok, ok, yes I did show him a good time, I sucked his cock in the movie theatre, 
fucked him at the hotel using both my pussy and my ass, oh I'm sorry mom I," 
says Jane as she tries to recover from the outburst.

"Jane, and where were you last night?"

"I," starts Jane.

"Tell me now Jane," demands Jane's mother.

"I went to Mr. Rizzo's house, he told me to come over, and I ended up being 
fucked by Mr. Weathers, the old janitor Martin something and Mr. Rizzo. I also 
sucked off all three of them as well as Mr. Stones. I also ended up eating out 
Miss Collins, Miss Thompson and Mrs. Webber. I also licked all three of those 
ladies assholes as well as Miss. Wilson and Mrs. McBead. Lastly, I was forced to 
ride a beer bottle and then Miss Collins fucked me with the same bottle in the 
ass. After sucking on Mrs. Webber's tits and munching out her cunt," Jane stops 
to orgasm, "I fall asleep."

"Jane you have turned into a slut. First you drop out of school and now this. 
What has happened to you?"

Jane decides to tell her mom the whole story figuring the tape doesn't matter 
now. She tells her mom about the library, the dean, the other kids at school and 
how her brother, Dennis, had been blackmailing her lately. How her brother had 
not only fucked her in all three holes, but lent her out to all his friends. 
Jane's mother is supportive as she comes over to Jane and gives her a big hug. 
She says "Oh, don't cry sweetie." As she holds her daughter she thinks of the 
opportunity that presents her. She never had been that close to her daughter and 
agreed with all her earlier predators, she was a stuck up bitch. She had always 
been a daddy's girl; she always thought that her husband always wanted to fuck 
her daughter. Her husband was in Washington, a senator, and there sex life had 
been shitty for years. She knew he was having affairs in Washington, all 
politicians do. Yet, she found her daughter rather attractive and the thought of 
having her daughter eat out of her box was becoming extremely appealing. She 
also imagined her daughter must have gotten pretty good at pleasuring a woman by 
now. She decides to make a move and slides her hand up to her daughter's breast 
and starts caressing it.

Jane backs away and says "Mother, not you too. Please."

Jane's mother replies "Stop."

Jane obeys, but pleads "Mother, help me."

"Jane you have always been a bitch. So many times I wanted to slap you out and 
now I get payback." Jane's mother moves back to Jane and grabs her ass.

"Mom don't, don't do this," pleads Jane.

Jane's mother demands "Kiss me passionately."

Jane starts saying "Mother no..." but her protest is stopped as she presses her 
lips to her mothers. She slides her tongue into her mother's mouth. 

Jane's mother breaks the kiss and hops up on the kitchen table. She slips her 
panties off and hikes up her skirt and demands "Daughter beg permission to eat 
your mother's cunt."

Jane makes a face as she tries to hide the fact that she is having an orgasm. 
Jane cries as she begs "Please let me eat you out."

"Now-now Jane. You can do better than that. Let me believe you really want to 
lick your mother's pussy."

Jane looks at her mother and says "Why, why are you doing...oh please, please 
mummy, let your daughter lick your cunt, suck on your slit till you cum all over 
your baby daughter's slutty tongue."

"Eat me now," demands Jane's mother as she begins rubbing her clit. Tears are 
flowing down Jane's eyes as she begins licking her mother's cunt. 

Jane thinks to herself 'I could live with all the others treating me like a toy, 
but my own mother, I can't believe this.' Jane starts to fuck her mother with 
her tongue.

Jane's mother can't believe the feeling of her daughter's tongue in her box. She 
is an amazing cunt-licker. "Slide a finger in honey, finger-fuck mummy."

Jane obeys and is soon bringing her mother to orgasm after orgasm. "Oh ya fuck 
mummy, suck me hard." Jane's mother begins rubbing her cunt up and down on her 
daughter's face. After a couple orgasms Jane's mom goes to the fridge and grabs 
some fruit and vegetables. She says "Jane, get out of those shorts and hop on 
the table." Jane slides off her shorts and reveals she is not wearing any 
panties.

"No panties slut?"

Jane doesn't answer as she gets on the table.

"Spread your legs wide and masturbate for mummy."

Jane obeys as she pleads "Why are you doing this to me? I'm your daughter."

"Why? You have been a bitch to me your whole life. You were always a daddy's 
girl. Did you ever let him fuck you? Probably?

"Mother," says Jane shocked, "how could you ask me that? Hmmm." Jane moans as 
she gets horny from rubbing herself.

"Oh Jane. You are so cute, such a sweet looking girl. That is why it is so fun 
watching you turn into a slut," says Jane's mother as she grabs the cherries and 
starts sliding them into her daughter's pussy, five in all. Jane moans as each 
cherry slides into her twat. Jane's mother then bends over and starts sucking on 
Jane's box and slowly pulls out Jane's cherries. 

"Oh my God mother, that feels so good, don't stop," begs Jane hysterically.

Jane's mother continues until she retrieves all five cherries from her 
daughter's pussy. She then grabs a banana and slides it into her daughter. 
Jane moans and begins bucking her body onto the banana. "Oh yeah, fuck me mummy, 
fuck me hard, faster, faster, faster," screams Jane as she continues humping the 
banana. 

Just as Jane is about to orgasm, her mother pulls the banana out. Her mother 
grabs a cucumber and demands "Jane stand up and bend over the table."

Jane obeys and waits to see what her mother was going to do next. She didn't 
have to wait long as she soon felt the cucumber slide into her ass. Soon the 
whole cucumber is deep inside her bowels and her mother is quickly sliding the 
vegetable in and out of her daughter's ass. "Oh my God mom, the cucumber is so 
cold."

Jane grabs a carrot and slides it into her daughter's pussy. She was now 
double-fucking her daughter with vegetables. Jane's mother says "Come on 
sweetie, tell me how it feels to be getting fucked by your mother."

"It's bad and dirty, but it feels soooooooo good. Don't stop fucking me mummy. 
Please use me as your personal slut."

After a few more minutes of this double penetration Jane's mother slides the 
cucumber out of her daughter's ass and demands "Here Jane, suck this."

Jane opens her mouth and starts sucking the cucumber. Her mother is still 
fucking her with the carrot and Jane is desperately needing to cum screams "Oh 
mummy, don't stop fucking my cunt." Jane orgasms instantly and collapses on the 
table. "Thank you mummy."

Jane's mother asks "Do you always orgasm when someone says the word cunt?" 
Jane's body shakes on the table as she cums again. "Yes mummy," Jane finally 
says as she regains a tiny amount of energy.

"Lisa, Jane, what is going on here?" It is Jane's father, the senator.
"What are you doing home George?"

"We closed the senate for the rest of the week for a funeral, now what is going 
on here," bellows George.

Jane then retells the story and adds how her mother had just taken advantage of 
her. 

"You mean you have to obey anything someone tells you to do?"

"Yes," replies Jane.

"And Lisa, you took advantage of our daughter?"

"Yes, I," says Lisa trying to explain.

"George unbuttons his pants and says "Jane get on your knees and suck me."

"Daddy, not you too?" asks Jane as she drops to her knees.

"I have wanted to have a piece of you since you were 16. You walked around in 
those short skirts, those tight jeans, those see through blouses. You teased 
me." Jane was listening, but she had already start sucking her dad's penis. 
"That's it baby, suck daddy's cock, swallow the hole thing. Lisa get over here 
and eat your daughter's cunt." Jane's legs get weak as she orgasms. Her mother 
slides underneath her and starts licking up the juices that were dripping from 
Jane's box. Jane continued to use her expert mouth on her dad's cock. She was 
actually impressed, her dad's cock was a nice piece of meat, probably ten inches 
long and thicker then most that entered her holes. Her dad doesn't last long as 
he shoots a loud of white goo down his daughter's throat. "How did your daddy's 
cum taste, Jane?"

"Hmmm, yummy daddy, ahhhhh," screams Jane as she rides her mother's face. 

"Now Jane, get dressed and go to Fredericton's and pick up a dozen sexy outfits, 
you are coming to Washington with me on Monday. Lisa go with her."

"I would daddy, but I have already been told to go to Miss Thompson's house on 
Tuesday." 

"Hmmm. Well ok, I guess who will have to fulfill that commitment. You will then 
catch a plane Wednesday morning and meet me at the White House. Oh and you are 
not allowed to answer the phone or leave the house till then. Except for right 
now. Oh, and I do not want you speaking to that David fellow understand."
"Yes daddy," replies Jane as she rubs her cunt on her mother's tongue. Now go 
with your mother and pick up some clothe. You will display them for me and your 
brother tonight.

At the store she ended up eating two of the saleswoman, and was fucked by a 14 
year old kid, his first. She also bought over a dozen killer outfits. After 
supper, the show was to begin.

Jane dressed in the first outfit and came out to present it to her father and 
brother. It was a low dipping, sleeveless, black gown, that had a front slit 
that sent up to her thigh. She more black stockings and three inch pumps with 
it.

"Stunning Jane," says George, "next."

Jane changed into the second outfit. This one was simply a little black dress, 
with a seductive draped neckline and slim straps that cross in back. Made of 
acetate and spandex. It was to short to wear stockings or stay ups, so instead 
she had one a pair of black crotchless pantyhose. She wore a pair 5 inch heel 
pumps with straps that wrapped around her ankle. When she posed for her father 
she noticed that her mother was busy sucking her son's cock. 

"Janie that is sexy. Come here and bend over."

Jane does and her dad inspects the merchandise. "Crotchless pantyhose. Good 
girl," says her dad as he slides a finger into her daughter's box. After about 
twenty strokes, he pulls his finger out and places it at his daughter's mouth. 
Jane sucks her juices off her dad's finger. "Go put on the third outfit, tramp."
"Yes daddy," replies Jane as she leaves the room.

Jane switches into the third outfit. She is now wearing a white bodysuit that 
does a great job of presenting her tits. On top of the bodysuit is a purple , 
cropped button front jacket. Also a contoured waist black skirt with two front 
zippers that could be pulled up right to here waist. She is wearing the same 
pair of crotchless pantyhose and the same shoes.

Jane enters the livingroom and begins posing for daddy. Jane notices that her 
mother is still working on her brother's prick. Currently sliding her hand up 
and down it slowly while she sucked on his balls. Jane wiggles her nice ass 
around to tease her father and brother.

"Jane, slide those zippers all the way up," demands Dennis. Jane seductively 
slides her hand to your thighs and slowly pulls the zippers up as her naked 
thigh begins to show.

"Next," demands George. 

Jane leaves the room and changes into her fourth outfit. Jane slides one a micro 
mini skirt made of fur in a leopard design. She also throws on a black, low 
dipping halter top that showed her belly button. With this she kept her legs 
bare and wore a pair of six inch, platform pumps in a matching leopard print.
Jane re-enters the room and poses. She looks at her mother who is now starring 
at her as she gets pounded from behind by her son. Jane's mother screams "Oh ya 
son, don't stop, don't stop fucking me. Hey Jane. Your brother has a wonderful 
cock, doesn't he?"

Jane wants to say no but simple replies "I love my brother's cock, mummy." 

Dennis then says "Then come over here and suck it sis."

'Damn, that backfired,' thinks Jane. Jane goes over to her brother, waits for 
her brother to pull his cock out of her mother and then starts sucking her 
mother's pussy juices off of her brother's cock. After about 20 seconds of this, 
Dennis pulls out and plunges his cock back into his mother.

Jane's father grabs Jane, pens her over, slips up the skirt and says "Me tarzan, 
you Jane," as she slides his cock into her cunt. He fucks his daughter for a 
couple minutes and then says "Let's see what you have for us next, cunt."

Jane orgasms and keeps bucking her pussy on her dad's cock as she starts getting 
up to leave. Finally her dad's cock plops out of her box and she leaves the 
room. The fifth outfit was simple and sexy. Lingerie. A topless scami shaped 
outfit with ruffled underwired uplift, and V-line lace border, made of nylon. 
The outfit also had garters and a sheer back. The outfit also included a 
g-string and matching stockings, all purple. She wore no shoes with this outfit. 

Jane enters the livingroom to see her mother sucking her father's cock while she 
still was getting pounded from behind by her son's prick. 

"Oh that's nice slut," says Jane's father, "come here." Jane obeys and stands 
still as her dad grabs her naked ass and sucks on her uncovered tits. "You are 
wearing panties tramp."

"They came with the outfit daddy," explains Jane.

"No excuse, you must be punished."

"Please no, it won't happen again daddy."

"Sparky," calls George.

"Oh no daddy not that, please no," begs Jane. The poodle runs into the bedroom 
and runs to George. 

"Jane, get on your knees and suck Sparky's puppy penis," demands George 
laughing.

Jane drops to her knees pleading "No, daddy don't make me do that. Fuck my ass 
instead, shoot your cum deep in my bowels..." Jane quits talking as she finds 
the poodles small penis and starts sucking it. The poodle shakes as Jane works 
her expert mouth on the dog's pecker. 'This tastes awful,' thinks Jane. After 
about three minutes of sucking the poodle, a load of puppy cum slides into her 
throat. 'Yuch, this is gross,' thinks Jane.

"Now go and change into your next outfit, cunt." Jane orgasms as the aftertaste 
of the dog's cum lingers in her mouth. While changing into the next outfit, she 
brushes her teeth, trying to get the taste of the puppy cum out of her mouth. 
She grabs the next outfit. This one was hot. It had a tethered vinyl choker 
collar, cami and skirted garter, draped in dangling silver chains and nothing 
else.. The stockings are black and she was matching vinyl gloves go with it. Her 
legs are wrapped in a pair of black, thigh high boots, with a 5 inch heel.

She goes in the livingroom and sees her mother riding Dennis' cock, while daddy 
was fucking her ass. "That's better Jane," says George as he continues pumping 
his cock into his wife's ass. "Do you like the outfit you are wearing right 
now?"

She wants to say no, but instead replies "Yes daddy, it makes me look like a 
good slut." 

"Do you want daddy to fuck you?"

"Yes, daddy," replies Jane.

"Good, now go put on the next outfit."

"Yes master," replies Jane, disappointed. 'Did I say master' thinks Jane.

Jane leaves as she hears her mother say "I'm cumming!" Jane starts getting into 
her 7th outfit. Next was a three piece camisette. It was a plunging halter cami, 
seamed to shape, has clip garters and back hook collar close. Lattice stockings 
with fingerless gloves. Jane slid one a pair of conservative three inch pumps.
She enters the livingroom to see her mom relaxing on the couch inbetween the two 
men. Both cocks were now soft. Jane presents the latest outfit to the three 
spectators.

"Not bad Jane, makes you look quite sleazy."

"Thank you daddy."

"Come give your mom a kiss, on her pussy lips."

Jane's mother quickly opens her legs anticipating feeling her daughter's lips on 
hers. Jane walks over, gets inbetween her mother's legs and kisses her mom's 
pussy lips. Since the command was kiss, she continues trying her best to keep 
her lips on her mothers. 

"Come on Jane, make mummy cum," begs Jane's mother.

Jane obeys and starts lapping at her mother's box. Only seconds later her mother 
has a orgasm and pulls her daughter up and kisses her hard. 

"Next," calls George.

Jane gets up, feels a hand squeeze her ass, and goes to change into outfit 
eight. This outfit is a more conservative outfit, yet still sexy. Made of 
suadecloth, it includes a shirt style jacket, with a slim skirt, three inches 
above the knee with a back zip. Both are in nutmeg brown. Jane slides beige stay 
up nylons on her smooth legs. She puts her feet in a gorgeous pair of Italian 
styled spaghetti strap sandals with a sexy criss-cross pattern. Jane looks at 
herself in the mirror. 'Now this is how I used to look. Sexy, yet woman-like. 

Oh, those were the days.' 

Jane walks out into the livingroom and sees her mother slowly caressing both the 
men's cocks in her hands. Jane presents herself to your masters. Jane's father 
says "Jane, you look incredible in that outfit. Sophisticated, yet still 
somewhat slutty. Come here."

Jane saunters over to her father. He pulls the skirt up to inspect her 
daughter's box. Good girl, sophisticated on the outside, slut underneath. You 
have pleased your daddy. Come sit on his lap." George places his now hard cock 
straight up and Jane sits down on her daddy's lap taking in all of his stiff 
slong. Jane just sits there, on her daddy's lap, his cock completely inside her 
box. "How does it feel to have your daddy's cock inside you right now?"

"It's dirty, it's wrong," explains Jane.

"Jane, you love pleasing your daddy. You will do everything in your power to 
always please your father, understood."

"Yes daddy," replies Jane as tears once again come down her cheeks, as she 
starts to move your pussy up and down on her daddy's lap.

"Good girl, Jane, now go change. Something sluttier."

"Yes master, whatever pleases you," replies Jane, as she reluctantly gets off 
her daddy's cock and goes to change.

'Something slutty,' thinks Jane as she looks at outfit nine. A sexy french maid 
outfit. Jane first puts on a pair of garter hose in white. She then puts on a 
see through satin teddy with lace trim cups in black. Instead of a skirt, a 
white apron covers here pantiless crotch. She then slides on a pair of white 
gloves, a white choker and of course a headpiece. 'This should please daddy,' 
Jane thinks to herself. 

As she entered the livingroom her mother was back to work. She was busy working 
on her husband's cock while her son was busy fingering her tight ass. "Much 
better Jane, this is more of what you are, a maid, a servant. Go to your brother 
and serve his member."

Jane obeys and quickly engulfs her brother's member. She uses her tongue to 
tease Dennis, as she slowly spins her tongue around the head of his penis. "Oh 
yeah sis, stop teasing me, suck my cock whole, cunt."

Jane orgasms and quickly shallows her brother's cock until his whole cock is 
inside her petite mouth. Jane then starts sucking her brother's cock with 
reckless passion and soon is rewarded by a shot of her brother's delicious 
semen. Jane continues working over the cock until every drop is inside her. 
"Good cocksucking daughter, lets see what else you have instore to please 
daddy." Jane gets up and leaves the room as she hears her father say "Lisa, your 
daughter is a much better cocksucker than you. Now let's deep throat my member 
tramp."

Jane grabs the tenth outfit. She puts on the tight, red, curve-hugging, mock 
turtleneck, cardigan, that barely covers her breasts. She then slides on the 
tight matching velvet skirt. She then roles a pair of red stockings onto her 
shapely legs. Lastly, she slides her feet into a pair of sexy, red, 4 inch heel, 
pumps, with a sexy ankle snap. She adjusts her top to help show off her breast 
and heads back into the livingroom. 

In the livingroom, her mother was now attempting to deep throat her husband's 
cock. She was having difficulty getting the last inch in. Jane posed for her 
father. Wiggled her ass in front of him. "Oh Jane, that is sexy, your making me 
cum," he screams as he shoots a loud of cum in his wife's mouth. "Lisa," he 
demands as cum drips from her mouth, "you dropped some." He points to the floor. 
Jane's mother, gets on her knees and licks the cum from the carpet. "Jane go 
change and take your time I need to recover."

Jane goes back into the bedroom and looks at her last two outfits. She grabs the 
more conservative of the two and starts to get dressed. It was a one piece 
little black dress, that was so tight against Jane's body that her nipples stuck 
straight out. The dress was sleeveless, with a sexy gold chain belt. She slid on 
a garter belt underneath and hooked on a sexy pair of black stockings. She grabs 
her open toe, sleek, with strap, and a 7 and a half inch heel pumps. Jane looks 
in the mirror, 'hmmm, nice. This should get daddy hard again. Shit why can't I 
fight back?,' she thinks as she opens the door and goes into the livingroom. All 
three are on the couch, naked, but not doing anything sexual. Jane poses for her 
father, brother and mother. "Hmmm, Jane," moans Dennis, "that dress really 
brings out your knockers." Jane doesn't say anything as she continues to pose 
for the three, including bending over and touching her toes so the three can get 
a complete view of her naked snatch. 

Jane's father throws a dildo and says "Here's your mother's best friend. Fuck 
yourself with it." 

Jane takes the dildo, drops to the floor, hikes up her skirt, spreads her legs 
and shoves the medium sized dildo in her box. 'This is too small,' thinks Jane, 
'Oh, my God, too small? This is massive compared to the puny one I used to fuck 
myself with just a month ago.' Jane continues fucking her box and even to the 
surprise of her audience, she takes out the dildo and shoves it in her ass. 
"Does this get you horny daddy? Watching your whore of a daughter fucking her 
own ass with her mother's dildo. Doesn't it make your cock hard. Am I a good 
girl Daddy? Am I pleasing you?" asks Jane with the voice of a girl of maybe 10.
"Oh yes Jane, you are pleasing daddy. You have made daddy hard. Now go change 
into your last outfit, I hope you saved the best for last." 

"Yes daddy, I think the last outfit will please you," replies Jane as the dildo 
plops out of her ass as she gets up and goes back to the bedroom.

Jane looks at the last outfit. 'How much more basic can you get thinks Jane as 
she begins to dress herself in the slim, tight, opaque coloured body stocking, 
of course crotchless. She then puts on a red micro mini skirt and heads out to 
please daddy. 

In the livingroom she sees that her mother has a huge 14 inch strap on cock on 
her. She is standing as Dennis is busy sucking on it. "Holy fuck Jane, you look 
sexy," says George.

"Thank you daddy," replies Jane as she begins to slide the skirt down her 
shapely legs.

George says "Lisa, get on the floor. Jane straddle the fucktoy. Swallow all 14 
inches of it." Lisa drops to the floor and Jane straddles her mother's fake 
cock. Slowly Jane drops down on the plastic fuck stick and soon the toy is 
disappearing into Jane. George goes behind Jane and Dennis in front as they 
watch the toy disappear. 

Ahhhhhhhhh," moans Jane as her cunt swallows the last inch of the massive fuck 
stick. Jane's father goes up behind her and starts to penetrate her ass. Dennis 
unceremoniously shoves his cock in his sister's mouth. Jane begins sucking her 
brother's cock, while she slowly starts riding her mother's fake cock and feels 
her father's cock slide deep inside her bowels. Soon the foursome are moving in 
perfect unison. All three of Jane's holes are being violated by her family 
members. Her mom is fucking her cunt, her dad is stroking her ass and her 
brother is poking her mouth. 

George says "Cunt, cunt, cunt." Jane screams as her whole body shakes 
uncontrollable for over a minute. Jane struggles to keep riding her mother, 
while her dad continues to plug her ass. 

Dennis grabs Jane's head and demands "Get back to work sis. You need some 
semen." Jane swallows her brother's cock whole and starts working it hard. 
Moments later Jane feels the all too familiar feeling of a hot liquid sliding 
down her throat. Jane doesn't stop sucking as she continues to try and extract 
every drop of cum from her brother's cock. Soon she feels her father leave her 
ass and hears the words "Move Dennis I have a gift for my daughter." Dennis 
withdraws his cock from his sister's mouth. A second later Jane's mouth is again 
filled, this time with her father's cock. Jane continues to ride all 14 inches 
of her mother's cock as she swallows her father's penis, the penis that was just 
in her ass. "I'm cumming," moans Jane's father and for the second time in a 
minute, Jane feels the salty taste of semen slide down her throat. Her father 
withdraws from his daughter's well-fucked cocksucking mouth. 

Jane continues to ride her mother as she says "Did I please you daddy. Did my 
ass feel good. Did I suck you good, daddy?"

"Yes sweetie, you are a good slut, cunt," says Jane's father as Jane orgasms all 
over the 14 inch fuck toy. "Yes your mouth is hot, your ass is tight and your 
cunt," teases Jane's father as Jane orgasms again, "your cunt," again, "your 
cunt," Jane collapses on the floor with the cock still in her box, "is sloppy 
and sweet."

Jane lays on the ground exhausted as she feels the cock leave her pussy and is 
surprised to feel the cock slide into her ass. 'Is this ever going to stop,' 
thinks Jane, 'I need to sleep.' Soon her mother is fucking her ass hard with the 
toy. Slowly, Jane gets horny again and starts bucking her ass onto the toy, 
trying to get more of the cock into her shithole. 

"Do you want to orgasm daughter?" asks Jane's mother.

"Oh yes, mummy, please let your daughter cum, fuck your daughter's ass, mummy, 
shove all 14 inches into my shithole."

"Good cunt," replies her mother as Jane orgasms and passes out from the extreme 
pleasure.

Jane's mother goes to Dennis and says "Suck this son."

Dennis takes the toy cock into his mouth and sucks his sister's shit of it.
The rest of the week and weekend went on much the same as Jane was used again 
and again by her mother, brother and especially by her father. Her mouth, cunt 
and ass became a dispository for her brother's and father's cum. On Monday, her 
father left back to Washington demanding that Jane make sure she was there by 
Wednesday. Before that, though, she had to be at Miss Thompson's place Tuesday 
night. Monday, David called, but Lisa told him that Jane had left for a while 
and she would not tell him where. There went Jane's last hope. Wednesday she 
would be in Washington and she could only imagine what her father had in mind 
for her there. Jane went to sleep Monday night thinking about tomorrow night, it 
turned her on to think of Miss Collins being Miss Thompson's love slave. At 
least she wasn't the only slut in the world.





The Humiliation of Jane
------------------------------------------------------

Part 10

THE MISTRESS AND THE TRAMP

Jane shows up at Miss Thompson's house right on time. Jane had wore a new outfit 
that was sent to her by Miss Thompson. It included a choker, a vinyl playsuit 
with three ring tethers. Jane's breasts were wide open. Jane also wore garters 
that held up a pair of fishnet stockings. Her feet were in a pair of over- 
the-thigh, stay up vinyl boots, made of nylon/spandex, with three inch heels. 
Jane rang the doorbell and was welcomed in by Miss Collins, dressed simply in a 
white teddy and matching stockings. "Hi slave, how are you today?" asks Miss 
Collins as she pulls Jane in, pushes her against the wall and shoves her mouth 
into Jane's mouth. Jane responds back and soon their tongues are twisting inside 
their mouths. Miss Collins slides a finger inside Jane's box and soon is 
finger-fucking Jane fast while they french kiss. 

"Slave Angela, bring in the newest slut," calls Miss Thompson.

Angela reluctantly stops fucking Jane and drags Jane into the livingroom. Jane's 
mouth drops. The livingroom is full of many things she has never seen before, 
including chains on the wall. She also sees Miss Thompson dressed in a black, 
leather, one piece catsuit. Her breasts were covered, but her box was clearly 
visible.

"On your knees slave Jane," demands Miss Thompson. Jane obeys and waits further 
instructions. "Now tonight is your initiation as my slave. You will refer to be 
as mistress, understand."

"Yes," replies a scared Jane.

"Yes what," bellows Miss Thompson.

"Yes, mistress," replies Jane.

"Better slut," says Miss Thompson. Now crawl on your knees to my feet and lick 
my boot clean. Jane obeys and slowly crawls over to her mistress. Soon Jane is 
licking Miss Thompson's boots. "Slave Angela. Get under slave Jane and get were 
pussy ready."

"Yes mistress," replies Miss Collins as she slides her head between Jane's legs 
and slowly starts licking Jane's clit.

Jane switches boots and continues to clean her mistresses' boots. Miss Thompson, 
zips down her boots and pulls off each boot. Now slave Jane, suck each one of my 
toes. Suck each like you would suck a cock." Jane obeys and is slowly moving her 
mouth up and down on each of her mistresses' toes. Miss Thompson moans "You are 
pleasing your mistress slave Jane."

Jane moans as Miss Collins slides a finger in her pussy. Jane finishes sucking 
the last of her mistresses toes and hears her mistress say "Slave Angela, get 
Slave Jane up on the rack."

Jane looks worried as Angela pulls her up, leads her to the wall and buckles her 
hands and legs to the wall. Jane is now on the wall hands above her heads and 
legs spread wide. Miss Thompson walks over to her newest slave and slides her 
tongue up Jane's body. She then says "Watch as slave Angela pleasures her 
mistress. You will get hornier every minute while you watch this, but won't be 
able to cum until I tell you to."

Miss Thompson lays on the nearby bed and demands "Slave Angela, come and 
pleasure your mistress." Miss Collins quickly dives between Miss Thompson's legs 
and starts lapping her mistresses' pussy. 'Slave Jane, are you watching?"
"Yes mistress," replies Jane, wishing she could use her hand on her box. Her 
cunt is on fire.

"Ahhhh," moans the mistress, "is this getting you hot slave?"

"Yes mistress," replies Jane, "I wish that was my tongue pleasuring you."

"Don't worry slave Jane, you will get your chance, oh ya, slave Angela, don't 
stop," screams Miss Thompson who obviously is climaxing from the lapping of her 
slave.

Jane is getting horny all the time, watching the degradation of that bitch Miss 
Collins. 'I wish I could use this bitch,' thinks Jane. 'Look at her, she is so 
perfect, tight ass, shaved box, firm tits and luscious lips. Every boy wanted 
her in high school, if only they knew she was actually a lesbian slut slave. 
Man, I need to cum so badly'

Miss Thompson, the red haired beauty, turns to look at Jane and smiles seeing 
the bitch wiggling in the chains. This turns her on even more and she pushes her 
slaves face right into her box. Miss Thompson knows why Jane has turned into a 
slut, but she wants to turn her into her slave, without using any special 
powers. After another orgasm, she gets to her feet and walks to a table that is 
full of lesbian toys. The table is a smorg of pleasure. It includes an anal 
screw, a vibrator with nine attachments(including the phallic head, the squirmy 
head, the bumpy shaft and the tickler), a seven inch waterproof vibe, the 
emerald screw(a six inch vibrator made like a screw), three tubes of anal jell, 
a eight inch vibrator with a curved head, a thin nine inch vibrator, a pair of 
handcuffs, a whip, three butt plugs of various lengths and widths, a set of 
Chinese balls, a strap on cock, whipcream, candles, pudding, a gag, a blindfold, 
a double ended dildo, five other dildos of various sizes, a vibrating egg, 
ribbed anal stimulator, different lotions and a videocamera.

Miss Thompson grabs the emerald screw vibrator and walks over to Jane. "Hi Jane, 
how are you doing?"

"I'm soooooo horny," replies Jane.

Miss Thompson rubs the vibrator up and down Jane's body, turning it on slow. "Do 
you want me to fuck your slutty hole with this toy?" asks Miss Thompson as she 
slides the toy into her mouth.

"Oh please mistress, please shove that fuck stick up my box. Fuck the shit out 
of me," begs Jane.

"Are you sure? I do not want to make you do anything you don't want to, I want 
you to become my slave willingly? If you succumb to me now and give me 
permission to plug your hole with this cock, you are willingly saying that you 
will do anything I say for the rest of the night, no mind control, you will be 
my willing, eager slave, whose only pleasure is to please me. Do you 
understand?"

Jane can't control herself and screams "Yes, yes, yes I will be your slave, I 
want too, I want to be used as your personal slave, I want to be your whore like 
Miss Collins there. Now please fuck me, I need to cum so bad." 

Miss Thompson turns the vibrator on high ad plunges it deep inside Jane. "How 
does that feel in your cunt Jane?" 

Jane cums hard as she screams "Oh mistress, fuck me, fuck your slutty slave. 
Treat me as the lesbian-whore I am." Miss Thompson smiles as she starts fucking 
your new slave with reckless passion. Jane screams "Fuck-fuck-fuck me mistress, 
fuck your slave."

Miss Thompson pulls the toy out of Jane's cunt and says "Open up slave."

Jane opens her mouth and her mistress slides the toy all the way inside her 
mouth. Miss Thompson starts fucking her slaves' mouth. After all her cum is 
sucked back into Jane, Miss Thompson unbuckles the clamps and lets Jane stand 
up. 

"Slaves, here is a toy," says Miss Thompson as she hands Jane a two headed 
dildo, "now fuck each other and make me think your enjoying it. Talk dirty." 
The two slaves get on the floor and struggle to get the dildo inside their 
pussies as Miss Thompson grabs the camera and presses record. After a few 
seconds, the two whores have got the toy in their respective boxes and are 
awkwardly starting to fuck themselves with the toy.

Jane, wanting to please her mistress, says "Come on slut, fuck me harder, bang 
your former student, fuck her slutty hole, the one I know you wanted to munch on 
back then, didn't you?"

Angela is shocked by Jane's words, and before she can speak Jane continues 
"Didn't you, you dreamed of being my sex slave, my whore, my cunt-licking 
intern?"

Angela replies quietly, while beginning to buck her lips harder onto the fuck 
stick, "Oh ya, yes, I used to masturbate every night thinking of you treating me 
like a slut. I fantasized about you staying after school and then making me eat 
your pussy on my deskkkkk." Angela orgasms. 

Jane and Angela are now moving in perfect rhyme, feet to feet, they buck their 
bodies toward each other and the majority of the toy is engulfed in one of the 
two pussies. Miss Thompson is impressed by Jane's words, 'She has potential. She 
could be a mistress to other slave sluts and still a slave to me. She could 
catch other lesbian slaves for me.'

Jane screams "Oh my God, tramp, don't stop, keep fucking me."

Miss Thompson says "Jane, use Angela as your slut. Do to her as you please."

Jane smiles 'power' she thinks to herself. Jane demands "Dyke, stop fucking 
yourself and continue fucking me while you suck on my clit."

Angela obeys and is soon shoving the dildo deep inside Jane, while she tongue 
fucked Jane's clit. After an orgasm, Jane goes to the table and grabs the strap 
on cock and the Chinese balls. Jane demands "Miss Slut, get on all fours." 
Angela obeys without hesitation. Jane puts on the strap on cock and starts 
inserting the Chinese balls in her slave's ass. Soon all 6 balls are inside Miss 
Collins and Jane plunges her cock into her ex-interns soaking wet pussy. As Jane 
pounds her slave, she slowly extracts the balls out of Angela's ass. 

Plump. Angela sighs. Plump. Angela moans. Plump. Angela screams. Plump. Angela 
screams "Oh my God mistress, I can't stop cumming. Plump. "Fuckkkkkkk." Plump. 
"Oh ya, shove something back up my ass, please mistress." Jane reaches to the 
table grabs the big 3 inch wide, 8 inches long butt plug and slowly inserts it 
into her slave's ass. "Just shove it in, fuck your slave's ass," begs Angela. 
Jane obeys and soon Angela's cunt and ass are totally filled. Jane pounds both 
holes hard and fast as she bangs her slave so hard that Angela can barely stay 
on all fours. 

Miss Thompson continues taping this arousing lesbian action. 'This tape will 
make me a ton of money. I can even blackmail the senator. Delicious.'
"I'm cumming again mistress, don't stop fucking your whore," begs Angela.
Jane slides the cock out of pussy ad keeps the butt plug plunged deep in 
Angela's ass. Jane walks around to Angela's front and shoves the cock into her 
mouth. Angela struggles to take it all as Jane starts to fuck her mouth. Finally 
Jane pulls out, sits down and says "Now come pleasure your mistress." Angela 
eagerly dives into Jane's box and starts licking. "That's it whore, you eat 
pussy well." Angela slides a finger into Jane's cunt and after a couple minutes 
of finger fucking, Angela slides the sticky finger out of Jane's pussy and 
plunges it deep into Jane's ass. She continues to munch on Jane's box while she 
finger fucks her ass. "Oh ya eat my cunt." Jane orgasms hard and all over her 
ex-interns face. Jane grabs Angela's head, pushes it into her cunt and starts 
rubbing her pussy all over Angela's face. 

Miss Thompson calls "Angela, come and grab the recorder." Angela stops 
pleasuring Jane and gets up and takes the camcorder from her mistress. Miss 
Thompson walks over to Jane, still on the floor and says "Are you ready to 
submit completely as my slave. To do the ultimate task of submission."
"Oh yes mistress, I will do anything I am told. I will eat your cunt, lick your 
asshole, fuck other men in my mouth, cunt and ass. Anything to please my 
mistress, please let me submit completely," begs Jane.

Miss Thompson squats over Jane's mouth and says "Get ready to drink your 
mistresses' piss." Jane doesn't even blink as she opens her mouth and awaits the 
warm piss of her mistress. She doesn't have to wait long as a liquid begins to 
flow out of Miss Thompson. Jane takes all the yellow juice into her mouth, not 
missing a drop of her mistresses' piss. As the piss stops dripping, Jane lifts 
up her head and starts licking her mistress trying to get any more piss that may 
be at her slit, or in her very thin coat of red pubic hair.

Miss Thompson sits down hard onto Jane's face and rides her like a cock for a 
minute. She then gets up and says "Good slut. Welcome to my harem. You are now a 
perfect lesbian slave. Since you have been such a good slave. You may use slave 
Angela for the rest of the night."

"Thank you mistress, slave Angela, get over here and lick my asshole."

The rest of the night was a blur for Jane. She was fucked by every toy on the 
table, had her box eaten more times then she could count and most importantly 
she enjoyed every second of it. She loved pleasing her mistress and she loved 
having a submissive slave to please her, it made it extra special that it was 
Miss Collins. Finally at 5 in the morning she left her mistresses house, 
promising she would be back again, with a new slave. Her slutty mother came to 
mind. She would make a good slave for Miss Thompson. She gets home, gets a 
couple hours a sleep. For breakfast she has her daily dose of her brother's cum 
and for desert she had a delicious side order of mummies pussy. She finally 
leaves the house wearing her sexy, but still slutty, business suit and heads to 
the airport.

On the plane she ended up fucking three guys in the bathroom, suck off some 80 
year old man who sat beside her and ate out all five of the stewardess's. Funny 
thing was, she knew that this was just the beginning of her day. As the plane 
began descending to Washington she pondered just what her father had in store 
for her. Was she going to be her father's personal fuck thing? Was she going to 
be shared among his friends? The senate? The President? Jane got horny again 
thinking of what was next and said to the old man "Think you can get it up 
again?" Jane doesn't wait as she takes the shrivelled cock out and starts 
sucking. She feels a hand lift up her skirt and then feels a hard cock slide 
into her pussy. She quits sucking the old man's cock, now hard, and turns around 
and says "Hi minister, why don't you fuck my ass instead, it's a little 
tighter." Jane winks and takes the old man's cock back into her mouth. The 
minister takes his cock out of Jane's pussy and easily penetrates Jane's ass.
The end?

I know I changed the character of Jane a bit, but the potential of what can 
happen next is interesting. Her character has given up all hope and succumbed to 
the pleasure of sex. She has realized what her role in life is. A role that 
includes pleasing as many men and woman as she can with her three holes and her 
tongue.





The Humiliation of Jane
------------------------------------------------------

Part 11

Jane woke with a start, disoriented.

As she came out of her sleepy haze, she felt vaguely unclean and ashamed. She 
realized she'd been having a very sinful dream, but she couldn't remember any of 
the particulars, and she didn't want to: those kinds of thoughts were 
unchristian, and she was a good christian woman.

More awake now, she felt the unfamiliar, unwelcome signs of arousal - a warm 
sensation between her legs, her erect, sensitive nipples rubbing unpleasantly 
against the fabric of her undergarments. She blushed, upset with herself: 
somehow she thought that if her spirit was more pure, she would have better 
control over her own baser functions.

Still, what happened when she was unconscious wasn't her fault, and now that she 
was awake again, she was in complete control again, a young woman beyond 
approach. Yes, it was all coming back to her now. She was in the back seat of a 
limousine, on the way to an exclusive dinner party hosted by her father, the 
Senator. Everyone who was anyone in Washington society would be there.

And so would Jane, because she was always invited to these functions. Everyone 
loved her and, she had to admit, maybe they even envied her a little. And who 
wouldn't? After all, she was young, beautiful, well-educated and rich, a 
successful corporate lawyer from a successful family, on her way to the top...
...and she had the most wonderful husband in the world. Steve. Turning her head, 
she saw the handsome young lobbyist sitting beside her. Handsome, muscular, 
blonde - a self-made man, with impeccable morals. And he respected her. She 
smiled as she remembered how polite he had been during their courtship, never 
pressuring her for physical intimacy. Why, even on their wedding night, he had 
been the perfect gentleman. Naturally, she had been a virgin, and she'd been 
nervous about her marital duties - but after that first time, which had been 
magical and incredibly romantic, he had barely ever pressured her for sex, 
preferring only to snuggle with her and shower her with kisses. And that was 
fine with Jane.

Steve glanced over at her and flashed his pearly whites. "We're here, my angel. 
And, by the way, have I mentioned how absolutely elegant you look this evening?"
"Only about a dozen times, silly," Jane giggled, blushing. But it was true: she 
did look divine. She wore an elegant white evening gown of shimmering silk (made 
just for her by one of the finest designers in Paris), long white gloves and an 
expensive string of pearls. Her hair, coiffed by the finest stylist in 
Washington, was piled on top of her head so that she looked like Audrey Hepburn 
in Breakfast at Tiffany's. She even wore a little diamond tiara, and why not? 
She was queen of all she surveyed. And she knew she deserved it all.

Stepping from the car, her perfect evening was ruined by the sight of a filthy 
homeless man begging for change outside her father's palatial estate. "Please, 
I'm so hungry," the wretched specimen of human filth whined.

Turning to the chauffeur, Jane snapped, "Why do I have to see this? Don't you 
have sense enough to shoo these pests away without being told?"

"Yes, ma'am, I'm sorry," the chauffeur muttered, leading the homeless man away.
"There, there," Steve said, taking Jane by the arm. "Don't be upset, sugar 
plum."

"I'm not upset," Jane said bravely. "I just get angry when I see lazy people 
begging like that. Where is their dignity?"

Entering the house, Jane said hello to all the gathered dignitaries and 
socialites, blessing them with her presence. Steve escorted her into the 
cavernous, candle-lit dining hall and she took her seat at the long banquet 
table. Everything was so perfect, except...

"Boy!" she cried out to a 30-year-old Cuban butler standing at attention near 
the table. "Look at my wine glass! It's filthy!"

The Cuban butler rushed forward and saw that the wine glass did, in fact, have a 
small smudge marring its surface. "I'm sorry, ma'am."

"Well, you should be!" Jane snapped. "Doesn't my father pay you enough to do 
your job correctly? Maybe you should go back out to sea with the boat people 
where you belong!"

"My apologies," the Cuban butler backed away with the glass. "I beg your 
forgiveness."

"There, there, sugarplum," Steve cooed beside her, patting her leg. Suddenly, 
his powerful hand slid up between her legs, violently grabbing her crotch 
through the cool silk of her gown. "Don't be such a cunt."

Jane shot to her feet like she'd been zapped with an electric charge, too 
shocked to speak. "How DARE you!" she shrieked.

"Sit down and shut up," Steve snarled. Although she was utterly furious, Jane 
did as she was told, not wanting to cause a scene. Or at least that's what she 
told herself.

Across from her, her father stood up and tapped on his glass, enjoining his 
guests to take their seats at the table. "Thank you all for coming. I'm sure 
you've all been looking forward to this, and so have I. As you all know, my 
dirty little whore of a daughter has been given a drug that forces her to follow 
any command, no matter how degrading. Isn't that right, Jane?"

Jane gaped at her father in horror. Her face burned with such embarrassment that 
she felt like she was on fire. Everyone in the room was staring at her - the 
cream of Washington society - all her friends and co-workers.

SMACK! Jane snapped out of her initial paralysis as Steve slapped her hard 
across the face. "Answer him, bitch!"

Tears sprang to Jane's eyes as she jumped up, livid, shrieking, "I DON'T KNOW 
WHAT HE'S TALKING ABOUT! HOW DARE YOU...!"

"Stick a cork in it!" Steve laughed and Jane...practically delirious with 
confusion and emotion, suddenly found herself grabbing the cork out of the 
nearest wine bottle.

"I've never been so humiliated in all my..." The rest of her words were muffled 
as Jane stuck the cork into her mouth, smudging her lipstick. All the guests at 
the table laughed, openly mocking Jane now that the game was afoot.

"That's right, Jane," her father smiled. "You've never been as badly humiliated 
as you will be tonight...but you've been humiliated before, you just don't 
remember what a cum-guzzling whore you really are, because I commanded you to 
forget. I made you think that you were virginal and pure, and that all these 
people loved and adored you. But that was just a lie, so you could re-experience 
your utter degradation again tonight as if it were the first time. The 
horrified, helpless look on your face already tells me that it was worth it. 
Because, you see, Jane, as much as your mother, brother and I...and many of the 
other people in this room, including the porn star we hired to play your 
husband...enjoy fucking your ass and your face and your pussy on a regular 
basis...we noticed that you were starting to enjoy it too much. That's no fun. I 
want you to feel the pain and anguish of your punishment all over again. I want 
you to know that you're being raped and that you deserve it, because you're such 
a trampy little cunt."

"NOOO!" Jane screamed, nearly gagging on the cork in her sluttish mouth as she 
tried to run from the room.

"STOP!" her father commanded. She froze in mid-flight, nearly toppling forward 
as her legs suddenly betrayed her. This can't be happening, she thought, 

panic-stricken, squeezing her eyes shut.

"Turn to face us," her father continued. "Spit out that cork and open your 
eyes."

Jane felt like she was in a nightmare as she turned helplessly to face the 
table, spitting the cork from her lips. When her eyes popped open and she saw 
the familiar faces of her friends and family now transformed into hideous, 
leering masks of lust, the reality of the situation suddenly hit home. This was 
really happening.

"Please..." she wailed, her body racked with sobs. "I don't understand..."

"Don't speak unless you're spoken to, bitch," Steve snapped. "And answer like 
the dirty little girl you are, with a 'Yes, daddy' or 'No, daddy.'"
"Yes, daddy," Jane whimpered in a baby voice, subconsciously sucking her thumb 
for comfort.

"Don't expect any sympathy from anyone here," her father smiled. "You've always 
treated people like objects, and now you're our puppet. Do you believe that? Do 
you believe that you're a slut slave?"

"No, daddy!" Jane cried. "I'm a good girl!"

"Oh really? Let's see. Piss on yourself."

Jane couldn't believe her ears, but suddenly warm urine was running down her 
thighs, staining the front of her beautiful dress, forming a puddle at her feet.
A fresh wave of humiliation coursed through Jane as the room erupted in mocking 
laughter. The shame and embarrassment of the moment was so terrible that she 
wanted to die, but it only got worse as her father commanded her to raise the 
hem of her gown and expose her wet, naked cunt to the room.

As she felt the breeze on her exposed genitalia, Jane realized for the first 
time that she wasn't wearing underwear and that her pubic hair had been shaved 
off, leaving the moist pink lips of her pussy totally exposed.

"You're a dirty little girl, aren't you?" her father sneered.

"Yes, daddy," Jane muttered, lowering her eyes in surrender, knowing it was 
true.

"And does my dirty little girl want to be gang-raped?"

"No, daddy, no! Please!"

"Quiet! You have no choice. You're going to be raped in your ass and your cunt 
and your mouth, and the worst part is that you're going to like it. The more you 
get fucked, the better it's going to feel...but you won't be able to come until 
I give you permission. And I won't give you permission until you beg me. If 
you're really a good little girl, then we'll let you go free. But if you beg me, 
you'll know you're a whore and you'll be our slave forever. Now...ask to be 
raped...and be polite."

"Rape me..." Jane whispered. "...please..."

With that, three men charged into the room, and Jane gasped when she saw them: 
her chauffeur, the Cuban butler and the filthy homeless man she had insulted.
The three men grabbed her and threw her down on the dinner table, tearing the 
dress from her struggling body. Nobody had commanded her to lie still, so Jane 
fought the attackers, but the lustful crowd around the table grabbed her arms 
and legs, holding her down and spreading her legs wide open as the Cuban pulled 
out his huge cock and plunged it into her piss-wet cunt with a single hard 
thrust.

Jane screamed in pain as the giant phallus split her wide, but for the first 
time in the whole ordeal, she felt the first, horrible stirring of pleasure in 
her cunt. The chauffeur jumped up on the table and straddled her chest, tearing 
the necklace from around her throat. "I'll give you a real pearl necklace, you 
bitch," he laughed, grabbing her large tits and mashing them against his cock, 
thrusting it back and forth between her slick, sweaty breasts until he quickly 
ejaculated all over her neck.

Jane's ass squirmed around on the table as her cunt grew accustomed to the 
Cuban's cock, rising to meet his thrusts. The slickness of her pussy now had 
nothing to do with the urine residue there. Spasms of pleasure were shivering 
through her body now, growing every time the cock head pushed into her slit or 
the Cuban's massive balls slapped against her ass.

Jane's arms were still pinned to the table, with her hands hanging off the edge. 
Now she felt her father's cock being pressed into her gloved left palm; moaning 
she wrapped her fingers around it and began to stroke it while a warm wet pussy 
pressed up against her right hand.

Jane lolled her head to the side, drunk with lust now, and watched the gloved 
white fingers of her right hand disappearing into the slick, gooey slit of a 
redhaired young debutante.

Sex was all Jane knew now, all she wanted. She was a whore, she was a slut, she 
was a dirty little girl - but it didn't matter. Lust was better than shame, and 
now she wanted to share the pleasure she was feeling, to somehow purify herself 
with it. She jammed her fingers up the redhead's cunt faster and faster, 
diddling the woman's clit with her thumb until the debutante was shaking with 
orgasm.

At the same time, she was stroking her father's cock faster and faster until the 
Senator groaned and shot his load across his daughter's tits.

"Flip her over," the Cuban barked. "I want to come in her ass."

A dozen people rolled Jane onto her stomach and bent her over the table, 
releasing her arms. "You want it in the ass, bitch?"

"Y-yes, daddy!" Jane moaned, hopeless now with insatiable, ruttish lust. 
"P-please!"

"Then spread your cheeks wide!" Jane reached back, clutching her firm buttocks 
and pulling them apart until she felt the air on her exposed shithole. The Cuban 
grabbed a bottle and poured wine down the crack of her ass, then pressed the 
head of his cock against her tight, wet opening, then forced his way into her, 
making her shriek with agony and ecstasy. With her mouth opened wide, the 
homeless man shoved his slimy cock down her throat, making her gag.

The taste of the filthy organ was so foul that Jane tried to pull her mouth 
away, but the homeless man grabbed his head and began thrusting, fucking the 
lips of her mouth like a pussy.

However disgusting this latest violation may have been, Jane's passion only 
continued to grow and she worked her tongue around the mottled shaft, 
desperately hoping for an orgasm that might trigger her own. "Are you gonna 
come, big boy?" the redhaired debutante whispered into the homeless man's ear. 
"Let me shoot it on the bitch's face..."

With that, the redhead grabbed the homeless man's cock and yanked it out from 
between Jane's lips, jerking it until the come spattered all over the degraded 
girl's beautiful face.

As soon as Jane tasted the warm spatter on her skin, the salty taste on her 
lips, the feeling of depravity, combined with the hard driving cock in her ass 
pushed her so close to the edge of orgasm that she thought she'd go insane if 
she didn't come soon. Every nerve in her body was on fire, she was drooling like 
a yelping like a bitch in heat and she knew she'd be willing to fuck everyone in 
the room as long as the craving, the desperate longing in her cunt would be 
satisfied.

With a final jackhammering series of thrust, the Cuban filled her quivering 
asshole with jets of hot come, then he pulled out, letting the warm fluid drip 
from her crack down the back of her thighs.

Then her father shoved her to the cold floor like the used-up, cum-spattered 
whore she was. The gang-rape was over...she could leave...but no...she released 
an agonized sob, because she knew she would sell her soul to end the longing in 
her snatch...she was a slut, a bitch in heat...her spirit was utterly broken...
"...p-please, daddy..." she whimpered pathetically, turning her cum-spattered 
face up to her father in abject supplication. "...I'm a whore...a slut...I'll be 
your slave forever...just please...ooohh...ooooohhh...please let me come..."
"Only one cock can satisfy your hungry little cunt, my dear," Jane's father 
sneered, cruelly taunting her sopping fuck-hole with the toe of his boot.
"Ooooh....yes daddy..." Jane moaned, pressing her face to the floor and raising 
her naked rump in the air like a bitch waiting to be mounted. "...fuck me...fuck 
your dirty little girl..."

"Oh, no, you whore...not me..." her father laughed, pointing across the room. "I 
meant the cock over there."

Looking up, Jane was horrified to see one of her father's servant's entering the 
room with a huge black Doberman on a leash."

"Noooo..." Jane gasped. "...not that, daddy...I beg you..."

"If you want to come, you'll crawl over there and take my dog's cock in your 
mouth. He'll come once on your face, and then he'll mount you...and with each 
thrust of the animal's cock, you'll thank me until you come," her father smiled.
Utterly degraded, Jane began crawling across the stone floor, wincing in 
unbearable ecstasy every time a ridge in the masonry brushed her engorged clit, 
her foamy slit leaving a shiny trail behind her, like a snail.

Several times, Jane thought she would lose consciousness, and by the time she 
reached the Doberman, she was barely human. She was an animal. A bitch in heat. 
She wrapped her sluttish mouth around the dog's dark, wiry penis and fucked it 
with her lips.

It was a matter of seconds before the animal's spunk sprayed across her glazed 
face and lips, then Jane rolled over and thrust her ass in the air, grunting and 
snarling, her mind all but gone. She felt the animal's bristling fur against her 
creamy flesh, the powerful embrace of its limbs locking onto her...and then the 
final violation of a dog's cock in her foamy cunt, stinking with overheated 
juices.

"Thank you, daddy, thank you..." she bellowed in a hoarse, guttural moan as the 
dog's cock penetrated her. After that, she lost the power of speech as a 
mind-blowing orgasm seared through her body and soul, making her howl at the 
moon like a coyote as the Doberman filled her cunt with sperm until it 
overflowed into the crack of her ass and down the back of her thighs.
Jane collapsed in a heap on the ground and Steve came over to attach a dog 
collar and leash around her neck. Tugging her back to the table, he yanked up to 
her knees. "Sit, doggie, sit," he taunted, while Jane whimpered like the 
obedient animal she had become.

"Now open your mouth and keep it open," Steve ordered, pulling out his giant 
porn-star cock. "Your mouth is an open toilet from now on, and anyone can do 
their business in it. You'll remain in this room for the rest of the night as a 
toy for your father's guests...and you'll come every time somebody cums on your 
face."

With that, Steve slapped her in the face with his cock, but she didn't move or 
close her mouth, and he rewarded her by jamming his stiff member into her moist 
mouth. With a grunt of satisfaction, he pulled out and spattered her face with a 
fresh load of cum. "Good doggie," Steve said, patting her head as she shuddered 
in helpless orgasm.

Dinner was served, and throughout the evening, one guest after another came over 
to use the naked slave. A teenage girl, fresh out of high school, walked up to 
Jane and spit a loogie into her mouth. Jane swallowed obediently, then the 
teenage brat lifted her mini-skirt and pressed her hot snatch against the 
slave's lips. Jane fluttered her tongue against the girl's clit until she came, 
adding her slick cunt juice to the shiny glaze of cum dripping from Jane's 
once-proud features. "Stick your tongue up my ass," the brat ordered, and Jane 
fucked the girl's dirty asshole with her strong tongue for a long time. Finally 
the girl turned around and wrapped her thighs around Jane's head, pressing her 
cunt against Jane's mouth so she could piss down the girl's throat.

By the end of the night, Jane was covered in pussy juice and ejaculate from head 
to toe, like frosting. Her hair was stiff and matted, her face was flaked with 
dry sperm, and jism dripped from her nipples. Her very breath smelled like cum 
from the gallons that she had been forced to swallow. Every man in the room had 
shot into her open mouth at least once, and her father had even gone out to the 
stable to procure a pint glass full of horse semen, which he'd poured down her 
throat, after which she'd been forced to thank him.

She'd come so many times that she could barely remain on her knees, she was so 
weak and exhausted, but she remained there on the floor, with her mouth and legs 
wide open throughout the night, ready to serve, like the good slave she was.
Finally, everyone was gone but the Cuban, who was left to clean up the dinner 
dishes. Jane hadn't been told to move, so she remained where she was as he 
tidied up, then, finally he walked over to her and pulled out his hard member 
one last time. "Time to hose you off, slut," he smiled, releasing a powerful 
stream of golden piss.

The urine sprayed over her tits, then he directed the hot, powerful stream into 
her gaping cunt, fouling her even more. "Piss on my face..." Jane pleaded, 
unbidden. The Cuban sprayed her face and hair, stepping closer to direct the 
stream directly into her mouth. "Now thank me, cunt."

"Thank you," Jane gargled as the piss hit her teeth and tongue, washing down her 
throat into her belly. "Thank you, daddy..."

"Don't swallow, let the piss fill your mouth," the Cuban commanded.

Jane did as she was told, and soon the hot urine overflowed her mouth and 
spilled down her chin and neck, mixing with the jism and pussy juice that 
covered her.

Finally, the Cuban stopped and tucked his cock back into his pants. He pinched 
Jane's smeared nipples and tugged them hard, then cuffed her hands behind her 
back, shackling her to the wall. "You're beautiful," he whispered, then he left 
the room and turned off the lights.

Naked Jane remained in the dark all night, on her knees with her legs spread and 
her mouth filled with piss, happy at last.





The Humiliation of Jane
------------------------------------------------------

Part 12

Jane awoke and crawled out from her corner of her master's, her ex-high school 
boyfriend Tim, masterbedroom and started her daily morning rituals for the 
coming day.

Only wearing a studed dogcollar and a chain leash, she quietly crawled over 
Tim's body, stuck his 7" morning hard-on and did her earnest to wake him up as 
she humped up and down on his hot pole.

Jane was supposed to make Tim piss into her womb every morning and to enjoy him 
relieving himself. After that she got Tim to piss into her, Jane had to hold it 
in long enough to grab a glass and let it out along with her own piss and cunt 
juice. And then to drink every last drop.

In high school, she had made his life a living hell and ruined his future by 
tattling on him about every little cheat that he made to succeed in life. Tim 
was one of the school's geniuses.

When Tim discovered, from her father, that Jane, his high school promqueen 
girlfriend, had lost her free will, he took the advantage to pay the senator 
every thing he had to get the senator to disown Jane as his daughter and to give 
him her as his plaything. He also programmed her to call him, Daddy, Master and 
my Lord.

"Wake up Daddy. Janie needs to feel my master's pee-pee in her cunny," exclaimed 
Jane as she humped and pumped his phallus with her newly experienced pussy.
Two minutes later, Tim awoke with a groan. He was successful holding his urine 
in long enough to have Jane to beg for it over and over again, along with a long 
string of orgasms.

"Oooohhhh yeahsssssss...Ooohhh...You feel so good!! Oh yesss...Uuuhhhngh daddy 
yessssss...Oooo... Come on give it to me give it to me...sssss...give me... 
Gimme gimme gimme...ssssss...UUUHHHNNnnngh yeah...Yes...Aaahhhh...fuck Janie... 
FUCK JANIE...FUCK JANIE...FUCK BABY JANE!!... sss... Oohhh my 
gawd!!!...ssss...Oooo daddy fuc'me...Yes yes yes aahhsssssss... Oooo yesssss... 
I love Daddy's dick! It's soooo BIIIGGG!! Sssssss...Aahh aahh 
aahh........................Uuuhhhhsssss...Yesssssss........ pee-pee..... 
pee-pee n'me...... pee-pee n'me.........."

Tim enjoyed watching his plaything beg for him to fuck her and scream and moan 
like a banshee everytime they fucked. As well as watching her new DD- silicone 
tits, that he paid for, bounce above him and seeing Jane's diamond bellyring, 
again another present from him, sparkle as she went up and down.

After awhile, Tim couldn't hold his urine no more. Jane then got off after he 
deposited his morning urine and grab a glass from the bathroom and held it up to 
her bare cunt. Just like everyday, Jane asked Tim, "May the Lord's plaything 
pee-pee?....please?...."

"Yes, you may."

Jane then relieved herself into the glass, feeling satisfied that she pleased 
her master. The glass was being filled with a mixture of both their piss and her 
pussy juice.

Just as she finished filling the glass, Jane then asked, "May Janie drink the 
pee-pee please?"

"Yes, you may."

Jane then drank the urine like it was out of style. She never missed a drop.
Tim then ordered her to wash her mouth out and to get dressed in her outfit that 
he has her to wear everytime that she was allowed to leave the house.
"I found Miss Janie two jobs. And she starts today. If she does a good job, I 
will give her total control of her thoughts."

Hearing that, Jane jumped in glee, kissed her Master and ran to her 
dressingroom. This might be her chance to escape the humilations. She thought to 
herself that doing the two jobs today well and be obidient was a MUST.
In twenty minutes and never able to shower, Jane was dressed in a black patent 
leather strapless tankini and a matching mini-skirt, which hardly covered her 
ass cheeks and when she sat down, her cunt was exposed to all in public. The 
outfit also contained a pair of transparent open-toed 2" platformed sandals with 
6-1/2" spiked heels.

They then sped off in his cadillac to a warehouse on a pier. Tim explained on 
the way there that Jane was going to star in a porn flick, which would be 
released worldwide. As well as being copied and sent to all that was on a list, 
that her father had giving Tim, of people that she harrassed over the years. Tim 
also ordered Jane never refuse to do as he or the director tells her to do, and 
just to enjoy and get off from being told what to do.

For the next nine hours, Jane played a lonely housewife who enjoys being 
gang-banged at any time. She had been filled in all three holes about fifteen 
times each.

At 6:00 in the evening, Jane was paid $500,000 for a well job done. She was 
half-way to be freed from her humiliation. She and her master then sped off in 
his cadillac again. This time, they drove to a well-known strip club in L. A.
Tim explained to Jane that she left law school to become a stripper and had 
always enjoyed dancing and stripping in front of men and women, in fact she 
always got off just by thinking of that. In time, she ended up stripping at his 
club. And, that if anyone asks her if she would let them fuck her, she would not 
stop them and just enjoy the sex for the money.

Just as they entered the parking lot to the club, Tim told Jane that while she's 
inside the club, she is to go by the name J. Kitty and answer to Kitty. As well 
as having memories of dropping out of college to be a whore.

After dancing for four hours, Keith and the rest of the high school football 
team walked in for a bachelor party for the quarterback who was getting married 
the following day.

Keith was the first one to notice that it was Jane swinging on the pole on stage 
only in a G-string. He couldn't tell by those hugmongous globes that she had 
now. Keith then looked over at the poster on the wall. Sure enough, it was Jane 
with tits that could poke someone's eye out in a black and white sequined 
bikini, and above her photo read the name "Miss J. Kitty" in big, bold letters 
and the words "dancing LIVE nitely".

Keith then quickly made the team aware of who was on the stage dancing and told 
them that he and Kelly saw her a month ago in Washington at the movies with Dave 
St. James. They too, couldn't believe their eyes when they saw the melons on 
Jane.

Back in high school, Jane turned the whole team in for cheating on most of their 
tests and broke up some of the guys' relationships with their girlfriends by 
telling the girls that their boyfriends had slept with other girls.
As Jane finished her last dance before her next break, the team called out 
jokingly, "Hey Miss Kitty," in unison.

Jane then stopped in her tracks on the way to the back and walked towards their 
table. She then exclaimed, "Hey Guys! Hey Keith, how's Kelly?"

He told her that Kelly was ok and that he was surprised to see her there 
dancing. "Jane, what the hell are you doing here? And, what's with the new 
titties and bellyring?" The guys were also curious why she was there.
"eerrr...In here, I go by the name Kitty," Jane said as she tried to tell Keith 
that she had been drugged and humiliated, "Anyway, ...eerrr...My roommate in 
college paid through college working as a dancer. One night, she dragged me from 
studies and took me to the club where she had worked. Somehow, I ended up 
dancing that night and loved the pay. I went back every night for the following 
week. I then realized that it was more satisfying to be a stripper than to be a 
D. A. So, I started concentrated on pleasuring men and women. From there, 
everything fell into place. I didn't want to tell Kelly that her best friend 
fell onto a dark path. So, Keith, please keep my secret from Kelly?"

"Anything for you."

"Thank you, honey. So, why are you guys doing here?

Keith said, "Ray here is getting married tomorrow and this is his bachelor 
party."

Tim came over and said, "Don't patronize with my girls plea...." Just as he was 
about to say please, he noticed that the men were the football team from high 
school. "Hey!!! What's up Guys?"

"Daddy, it's Ray's bachelor party!"

"Really!"

"Tim, why did Jane call you Daddy?"

"Well, it's a long story. I discovered from Senator Peterson that some nerd at 
her college gassed her with a drug that freed her will of control of thought a 
couple months ago. And she had been going through a series of humiliations. I, 
then, bought Jane 'Kitty' from her father and made her my sex toy and star 
dancer."

Ken, the tightend, asked, "You mean that she has to do anything you tell her to 
do?"

"Yep."

Ken then said, "Guys, do you know what this means?"

All in unison yelled, "PAYBACK!!!"

Keith asked Tim, "Would you let us take Jane to the hotel and continue our party 
there?"

"Why certainly. Why don't you have a round of beer on the house while Janie gets 
dressed. Kitty go get dressed in your patent leather outfit."

"Yes Master!"

Tim then told the guys that Jane didn't recognize the name Jane anymore and that 
she loves going by Kitty.

As soon as Jane strutted out from the back on her transparent heels, Tim said, 
"You no longer recognize the name Jane Peterson. From now on, you will recognize 
the name Kitty Kat. As you think of the word, 'I' as in yourself, you will 
replace it with the name 'Kitty Kat'. But you still will be able to answer by 
just 'Kitty' as well. You will also call everyone Master or Mistress. 
Understand?"

"Yes, Daddy."

"Good."

Tim and Jane then went back to the guys' table. Tim then handed Ray Jane's 
dogleash and said, "Here's Kitty. Have fun."

As the group walked towards the exit, Tim yelled, "By the way, Kitty has a thing 
for piss!!"

Joe the linebacker yelled back, "Really?? Thanks Nerd-boy!"

The twelve of them packed in two vehicles. Jane, Ray and four others went in 
JT's van, and Keith and the five went in Stoney's Buick.

In JT's van, Ray sat in the back seat and two other guys sat there with him, one 
on each side. And Joe sat up front in the passenger seat while JT drove. Leaving 
Jane to sit on the floor. As they left the lot, Ray commanded as he pulled Jane 
closer to him, "Crawl over here and blow me, Bitch!"

Ray was one of the few blacks on the team. He worked out daily and was built 
like a Greek god like a few others from the team. All the girls except the ones 
like Jane were drawn to him.

"Yes Master," replied Jane as she started crawling towards him.

As soon as Jane got between his legs, she unzipped his fly, pulled out his 
monsterous yet still growing black salami, wrapped her over-lipglossed lips 
around the huge pre-cumming bulb and slowly started a bobbing rythym without 
hesitation as she stroked him with both hands.

This continued on for a few moments until each of Jane's hands were grabbed from 
Ray's 2x4 and found a size smaller dick in each of her hands. Each guy on both 
sides of Ray had pulled out their semi-erects and wrapped Jane's hands around 
each one.

Unconsciencely, Jane started stroking the two cocks as she continued on sucking 
Ray's. Jane then muffled out pleasurable moans as she worked her ernest to suck 
Ray off.

"MMmmmmmmm......."

"Hey, look at that!! Our high school bitch going without panties," said Joe, 
another black. Ray and his two pals hardly could see Jane's exposed netherlands 
from their view, JT had a better one from the rearview mirror, but Joe had the 
best because he was turned around so he could watch.

Jane then felt a tongue licking her ass. It was Joe on he's fours behind Jane 
lubricating her for later. He thought it was time to join in. She then found his 
tongue pleasurable and rocked her ass back and forth to meet Joe's tongue.
"MMmmmmmmm.......," Jane continued moaning as she continued pleasuring the 
groom-to-be and his three buddies. They soon got her leaking like a river. Joe 
then pulled down his pants and said, "This one's for getting Naomi to break up 
with me," as he rammed his pole up her asshole in one ram.

"MMmmmmmmm.......," Jane muffled a scream as she felt Joe's cucumber filling her 
hole.

She then got used to his member, then worked up a rythym to rock her ass to meet 
his thrusts. Jane went on continuing stroking the two guys and sucking Ray. Joe 
soon unzipped Jane's mini-skirt and let it fall to the floor underneath Jane. He 
slapped her ass as he continued ramming her.

The van then stopped and JT shouted that they were at the hotel. Everyone pulled 
all their sticks away from Jane and put them away. They did not let her put her 
skirt back on.

JT was the one who took Jane's leash this time. The others didn't get to the 
hotel yet. The five had Jane walk all the way to their room just wearing her 
patent leather tankini and heels. Vacationers were in shock from the sight of 
Jane walking through the hotel with pride and exposing her pussy and bare ass. 
She even started to leak just knowing that she was giving shocking attention to 
herself.

When they got to the room, Ray got undressed and laid down on the bed.
"What did you say what you like to be called?"

"Kitty Kat likes to be called Kitty."

"Well Kitty, hop on over here and get your kibbles!"

At that, Jane hopped over to the bed (not literally), straddled Ray, grabbed his 
monsterous phallus and worked it in her recent overly-used pussy. She then 
slowly worked up to a humping rythym. As they worked up to a fucking frenzy, the 
other four stripped naked.

As soon as they got to a fast rythym, Jane had a tensed look on her face. Ray 
then ordered Jane to beg for him to fuck her.

"Oooohhhh yeahsssssss...Ooohhh...You feel so good!! Oh yesss...Uuuhhhngh baby 
yessssss...Oooo... Come on give it to Kitty give it to Kitty...sssss...give 
Kitty... Give Kitty give Kitty give Kitty ...ssssss...UUUHHHNNnnngh 
yeah...Yes...Aaahhhh...fuck Kitty... FUCK KITTY...FUCK KITTY...FUCK KITTY!!... 
sss... Oohhh my gawd!!!...ssss...Oooo baby fuck Kitty...Yes yes yes 
aahhsssssss... Oooo yesssss... I love it! It's soooo BIIIGGG!! Sssssss...Aahh 
aahh aahh........................Uuuhhhhsssss...Yesssssss........," screamed 
Jane in moans. Suddenly, in the habit of having Tim fuck her, Jane moaned, 
"pee-pee baby..... pee-pee n'me...... pee-pee n'me.........." At that, the guys 
were shocked from hearing that and Ray complied as he was turned on from it.
Ray then got out from under Jane, leaving her to lay on her back on the bed as 
Ray's urine spilled out of her cunt. The five of them then helped Jane out of 
her tankini.

JT was the first one to command her to blow and stroke him. "For turning me in 
for cheating, blow and stroke me Bitch Kitty!!" Joe took the left side of Jane 
and had her stroke him. As soon as he was about to ejaculate, JT ordered Jane to 
stop doing him and to let him work himself under her. And she did. As JT worked 
himself under Jane, he worked his fucker into her asshole. She screamed until 
she got used to his member. Joe then told her to suck him as she continued 
stroking him. Wil, took JT's place to be stroked by Jane. Jane soon gyrated her 
ass on JT's pole as he thrusts up and down. As wet as Jane was, Tony and Ray 
were able to pound her pussy alternately, Ray went in as Tony pulled out and 
vice versa. Jane was now taking on five men and no way to refuse their raping.
Ray and Tony had comed on Jane's pussy, Joe had comed on her face, Jane was 
blowing Wil's member and had a string of orgasms and JT was still humping her 
ass by the time that Keith, Stoney, Ken and the other three showed up with a few 
cases of beer.

"Look at that!!! Bitch Jane is paying for the crimes that she had admitted to 
see us fail and she's loving it," exclaimed Stoney, the biggest of the black 
members of the group.

He then stripped and said, "Move away boys and let's see how li'l Miss Janie can 
take Li'l Stoney."

The five then pulled out and away, Wil came on her face adding his to Joe's 
sperm and JT added his to Tony's and Ray's. "She goes by Kitty now," said Ray.
Jane looked over her over-sized tits and almost fainted as she moaned when she 
saw Stoney's member. It was 2" in diameter and 8" long and not even hard. The 
other ten grabbed a beer and got comfortable to watch.

He then said, "This one's for being a bitch in high school." At that, Stoney 
rammed his schlong into Jane's over-wet pussy.

"Oohhh my gawd!!!...It's soooo BIIIGGG!! UUUHHHNNnnngh yeah...Yes...Aahh aahh 
aahh........................Uuuhhhhsssss......sssss...give me... Gimme gimme 
gimme...give Kitty... Give Kitty....Oooohhhh yeahsssssss...Ooohhh...Oh 
yesss...Uuuhhhngh Master yessssss...Oooo...fuck Kitty... FUCK KITTY...FUCK 
KITTY...FUCK KITTY!!..." Jane moaned as Stoney thrust in and out of her until 
she went into an unconscience state.

Jane's body was used to entertain the guys' until Stoney was the only one left 
to be able stay. Jane came around about four times in the night and was covered 
in cum, piss and beer by dawn.

At 4a.m., Keith volunteered to drive Jane back to the club, paid her $5,000 for 
a job well done and ordered her to give him head for the road. As he put his 
member back in his pants after blown his load into Jane's mouth, he promised 
again that he would keep Jane's new life a secret from Kelly.

Tim saw Jane walk in. He then asked about her night, Jane then recited what she 
could remember and what happened out front.

"Good Kitty. You now shall be rewarded. You have your free will of thought back, 
BUT all your lifes hopes and dreams will be to fill those holes of yours until 
you're 45 and get paid for it. After that, you will open and manage your own 
escort service. And you wont go to the police to report your humiliation."
Jane was now able to think for herself. She didn't go back to continue her law 
studies and kept the name Kitty Kat. Nine months later, Jane had a black bastard 
and found out a few months later that Stoney was the father. Tim and Kitty got 
married a few months earlier. For the following five years, Kitty danced at the 
club as well as dancing at a few clubs here and there and did about 80 XXX 
flicks. At age 29, Kitty retired from dancing and continued starring in XXX 
movies. In all of her 21 years of fimmaking, Kitty did well over 3,000 films. 
And, like as Tim had told her what she would feel like to do at age 45, Kitty 
retired as a pornstar and opened her own escort service with at least 20 girls 
from Tim's club.

Kitty never had sex after that.

THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Various Authors(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





