BDSM Library - Jason's Devotion




Jason's Devotion
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jason wanted to give his girlfriend an impressive anniversary gift. All she wanted was his total submission to her.
Jason's Devotion

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com




Jason's Devotion

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 1


It was the eve of our one year anniversary. We had seen each other
exclusively for the past year and I thought it was an appropriate time
for a gift. Not just merely any gift, mind you, but a "real" gift.
Something that forced me to sacrifice. No, I wouldn't be able to get
that new car any time soon, but "the hell with it," I figured. Women
like Katya don't come along very often.

We were in the middle of our Caesar salads when I took it from my
inside coat pocket and put it gingerly on the table next to Katya's
wine glass.

"Pour moi?" Katya chirped, feigning innocence.

I never bought anything with diamonds before in my life. But Katya, I
thought, was special.

"Jason, it's beautiful," she beamed, her cobalt blue eyes wet with
victory.

"It just means that you're important to me, Katya. It's a sign of my
commitment. It means that our relationship is serious to me."

"Commitment?" Katya whispered. "What do you know about commitment?"

An odd question, I thought, spoken just a bit belligerently. Katya took
a sip of wine and brushed a lock of her black hair from her forehead.

"I'm fond of you too, Jason, but perhaps I'm not as sure as you. I
like my men to go the distance, so to speak, for me, and a tennis
bracelet, while nice, isn't really much of a test."

"A test?" I answered. "Is that what you want me to take to prove that
I'm committed to you in this relationship? I didn't give you the gift
to bribe you. I did it to prove my devotion to you."

She looked at me with those wicked blue eyes of hers. Katya definitely
had the streak of the devil in her. Her soft lips curled up into a
smile, or was it a snarl?

The waiter returned with our dinners. Katya ordered the swordfish, I
had the petite filet mignon.

"You may take the doggie's dinner and put it in a gentleman's bag.
Oops, now that's embarrassing! I should say...well, never mind. You get
the idea.," Katya interjected, surprising both me and the waiter.

"Right now? Will you be leaving early?" the perplexed young man asked.

"No, we're staying, and I'll eat my dinner here. But Jason will wait
until later, won't you, Jason?" Katya stated as she started to
girlishly giggle.

I sat opposite Katya countless times over a multitude of meals during
the past year, but this was the first time that I wasn't relaxed. Katya
was the type of person who put you at ease immediately. But that night
was different. She excused herself and went to the Ladies' Room as I
pondered my situation.

Katya and I had, by this time, reached an understanding of who was in
control. But we really never talked about it. We kept this part of our
relationship fairly under wraps. The extent of her control over me was
kept discreet in public...until now.

When she returned, I looked at her like the first time I ever laid eyes
on her. It reminded me of the Edith Wharton line, "Each time you happen
to me all over again."

Katya possessed a contained vivacious energy, "like a crate of dynamite
trapped in a match box," I told her on our first date. That made her
laugh then, but I felt a more serious tone to the more current
proceedings. Katya lifted one of her ankle boots and slowly poked the
heel into my groin, the long white tablecloth effectively hiding her
teasing ministrations. She slid a forkful of baked potato into her
mouth, but somehow managed to do it seductively.

"Is that a peppermill in your pocket, or are you just glad to see me?"
she cooed.

I just sat silently, my cock growing.

"Jason, call the waiter over and have him put some fresh pepper on my
potato. But say it like this...my owner, Mistress Katya would like some
pepper on her baked potato."

I looked at her silently, her gaze never wavering. After a brief pause,
I called the waiter over.

"Mmmy owner...Mistress...Katya would like some pepper on her baked
potato, please," I managed to croak out, sweating bullets.

When the waiter finished, Katya had him keep the peppermill on our
table.

"Jason, sweetie. Be a dear and take the peppermill and grind some
pepper on my boot."

Her wide, loving eyes just melted my heart.

"Please?" she added innocently, batting her eyelashes.

Katya shifted in her chair and crossed her legs. I took the peppermill
and looked around. Luckily, our table was fairly secluded. I soon had
her right black leather ankle boot evenly dusted with cracked pepper.
Leaning forward, I looked up when I completed my task.

Katya looked down at me with an impish grin and, voice dripping with
honey, said, "My, my...those boots sure do need polishing. Perhaps a
good tongue-cleaning. Would you mind, Jason?"

I had tongue polished Katya's shoes many times before in private and
worshipped her cute feet behind closed doors. But public humiliation?
Never. I don't even think that Katya considered it humiliation. Just a
game to see how far she could take me in her control over me.

I waited until our waiter left with my credit card until I delicately
got down on my knees. I figured that I had better finish before he
returned with my receipt. From the toe to the base of her ankle, I
laved Katya's sexy boot. Apparently, straight pepper with no chaser
didn't agree with me (a big shocker there!) so I vainly reached for my
water glass. Alas, Katya had already drank it. Consequently, I was
forced to gulp down the rest of my Cabernet. I was dizzy when the
waiter returned, but my Mistress' boot was clean and glistening.

"Good boy. I may have some use for you after all," she giggled,
pressing her booted toe into my crotch as I coughed on my pepper-coated
tongue.

I drove her home with a lust-filled heart and a blood-engorged cock.
Katya had teased me before, but nothing like this.




Jason's Devotion

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 2


Back at her place, Katya set her plan in motion.

"Have a seat, Jason. I'll be down in a minute."

I sat on the sofa and tried to rearrange my bulging erection to make it
more...comfortable. A small wet spot marked my Jockeys with a stain of
pre-cum fluid. Fifteen anxious minutes later, Katya appeared, clad only
in a sheer black nightgown and hiding something behind her back.

"I have a gift for you, too, Jason. Something to show that I care. It
symbolizes my commitment to you. It proves that I don't want anyone
else to have you or to love you."

With this little preamble, Katya produced the gift. She held it out in
front of her on both upturned palms. It was a metal contraption with a
padlock and a spherical centerpiece that resembled a birdcage. In fact,
that's what she called it, "The Bird Cage." It was a chastity device,
no doubt, and she intended for me to wear it. I was to surrender my
cock and balls to my Mistress and lock them in the cage.

As soon as the small box arrived in the mail the previous day, Katya
eagerly opened it. She ordered it two months before when she surfed the
Web looking for a chastity device for me. The birdcage immediately
caught her eye. It cost $200 dollars, but seemed ideal for long-term
wear.

It was made entirely from welded stainless steel and was built to last.
Katya read the instructions and silently purred. A slight grin formed
across her beautiful face as she read aloud:

"The larger ring is pulled open, attached behind the testicles and
penis, then closed. The penis is then placed in the cage itself and the
cage is, in turn, attached to the ring. The padlock is then installed,
firmly securing the male and completely preventing sex or even
masturbation. It is possible to urinate while wearing the device,
although the male may have to sit like a woman. The device can not be
detected under clothing, does not unduly interfere with movement, and
can be worn for quite extended periods."

"You have two choices, my sweet Jason. Put it on or get out. It's
entirely up to you."

I noticed that from her necklace dangled a small gold key -- the key to
the cage, apparently.

"Your days of masturbatory freedom are over, my jellybean. From now on,
you'll have no choice but to be totally sweet for me at all times," she
said with a satisfied look.

The stainless steel device consisted of two pieces that, when locked
together, was supposed to prevent erection, and make masturbation
impossible. The two main components were the cock ring and the cage.
The inside circumference of the ring was the same as the outside
circumference of my flaccid penis. Where the metal of the ring came
together, it was bent at a 90 degree angle, forming two 1/2" plates
that had been drilled to accept a small padlock. The second and main
component of the device was the cock cage itself. Made out of the same
1/2" wide stainless steel strip, there were three parts: a ring and two
sections that were formed in a "U" shape.

"I'm going to make myself a cup of tea. When I return, I expect you
either to be gone or naked and on your knees in front of the sofa.
Choose wisely, for it may be the most important decision of your life."

As I watched Katya's sweet behind saunter into the kitchen, I decided
that my fate was sealed. I would give myself to her in the literal
sense. When she returned, I was indeed naked and kneeling.

"Very well, Jason. You may have made the worst decision of your
life...or the best. Only time will tell.

Katya picked up a pencil from the coffee table and flicked it at my
heavy-hanging scrotal sac. Before my brain could recover from the
shock, she fitted the ring around my flaccid penis and behind my balls
and slipped the cage over easily. The slot in the long tab on the cage
fit over the tabs of the cock ring. She replaced the lock that came
with the cage with one of her own. It was a personalized gold padlock
with the inscription of the letter "K."

Katya snapped the lock on, and I was totally secured...and chaste. I
would be able to urinate, but completely unable to have a full
erection, or have sexual intercourse. My balls were slightly squeezed
between the penis cage ring and the cock ring behind my balls.

"As you start to get an erection, the cock ring will trap the blood in
your cock, which will prolong the time it will take for your semi-
erection to subside," Katya matter-of-factly explained to me. "You may
need to experiment to discover in which position it is more comfortable
to wear, either pointing up or down. A jock strap may be necessary to
keep it from pointing straight out and causing an embarrassing tent in
your pants. Although the girls at work may enjoy that, don't you think,
Jason?"

I needn't answer. I only stared at my imprisoned organ and listened to
Katya's soothing voice.

"The device is surprisingly comfortable when you are flaccid. But when
you wake up with that morning wood...hoo-boy! It will REALLY hurt. If I
were you, I wouldn't dare dream about me. It may not be worth it. When
you start to become aroused, the cage will prevent a complete erection
and the tissue will begin to bulge out between the large ring and the
cage. This may be extremely uncomfortable, even painful, Jason, dear.
In due time, you will learn not to become erect."

This was a more serious predicament than I first thought. With my
manhood imprisoned, the ruthless chastity device merely allowed a
partial erection which took all the willpower in the world to
accomplish. I had suffered through full tumescence nearly all night
long and the cold, unyielding metal cage would have rendered this all
but impossible.

"I think it's time for me to sate my own randy cravings, don't you
think?" Katya purred, sliding the tip of her wet tongue over her glossy
pink lips.

After we entered her bedroom, Katya ordered me to lie flat on my back.
I shuddered as she manacled my wrists to the top two corners of the
bed. She gently stroked my cheek and blew in my ear. I moaned but Katya
ignored me, tying my ankles to the bottom two corners of the bed. She
then slowly removed her negligee until she was just clad in panties.
They were cherry red, just like the ribbon in her hair. She crawled
over my face and planted a deep kiss on my trembling mouth. I arched my
back as she removed the rest of her undergarments.

My new keyholder then straddled my head to face my captured erection.
All that I could see was her luscious rump. But she peered around to
tell me, in no uncertain terms, to please her. I then used my tongue to
swab every inch of my princess, from the crease of her buttocks to her
navel. She was absolutely delectable and her wine soon coated every
square inch of my adoring face. My own cock pulsated helplessly in its
semi-rigid state and leaked seminal fluid as Katya blew softly on it
and playfully flicked her tongue.

Agonizingly stifled with desire, I orally pleased Katya for two hours
and gave her several orgasms. She kept me on edge by teasing me with
her succulent tongue and sweet lips, but I was denied release. There
was just no way to achieve orgasm with that infernal device secured.

We were still locked in a "69" when Katya softly eased into a content
slumber. I, of course, could not sleep and when she awoke in the
morning, I had a throbbing headache. Leaving me bound, she showered and
dressed quickly, stuffing her panties in my mouth and sealing my mouth
with silver duct tape.

"My sweet Jason, I have such wicked delights in store for you. I hope
you can keep up with me. I'm very insatiable, you know. I hope you have
a strong tongue, at least as strong as that metal prison that keeps
such a close eye on your...I mean my...cock."

Moving closer, Katya placed a sweet, wet, loving kiss on top of the
thick tape. I could have sworn that I felt her hot breath seep through.




Jason's Devotion

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 3


"I think I would like to be treated to a nice champagne breakfast,"
Katya announced with renewed vigor supplied by the new day. "Put
your jockstrap on over the cage and get dressed while I shower,"
she added before turning away with a smile.

I heard my goddess humming in the shower while I tried to get my
trapped penis comfortably hidden under my pants. She started to sing a
Tina Arena song, her favorite.

When she emerged form the bedroom, Katya looked ravishing and smelled
even more divine. She knew how her perfume drove me crazy, but would
not reveal the name of it. She expected me to figure it out on my own
and to purchase it for her before the bottle emptied. If I didn't,
there would be hell to pay, she explained.

"Come along my jellybean," she breathed softly while striding past me.

She dropped her purse in front of me and bent over to pick it up. Her
ass, meanwhile, lightly brushed against my caged penis. I inhaled
deeply and tried to exercise some willpower. It was futile and I felt
the steel bite into my tender flesh. It would be a long day, I thought.

At the restaurant, we were seated at a corner table and ordered our
Cristal and Eggs Benedict. Katya slipped off her pumps and ordered me
to unzip my fly. Luckily, the long white linen tablecloth effectively
hid our erotic foreplay.

"Pull your jockstrap to one side, my jellybean," she whispered gently
to me.

Using her toes, Katya felt along the edges of the cage.

"So smooth...so cold...so delicious," she cooed.

She tried poking her big toe into the cage, which, of course, was
impossible. In turn, she tried all her toes, all the while sipping her
champagne and discussing the merits of an Al Gore presidency. When she
used her pinky toe, Katya was finally able to enter the cage and stroke
my restrained male flesh. She giggled and wiggled her toe, causing my
penis to gently throb to her touch. She saw the agony in my eyes as the
hard, unforgiving steel prevented any growth.

"What's the matter, Jason, dear? Have you no self-control? You better
get used to it. That thing's not coming off in quite a while. You see,
in this relationship, we have equality. I get as many orgasms as I
want. And you? You get as many orgasms as I want, too. You see?
Equality!"

Katya giggled some more.

"I think a fair trade-off would be 1000 orgasms for me and...let's
see...ONE for you! That seems fair, doesn't it, my jellybean?"

I didn't answer. All that mattered to me is that my Mistress Katya
allowed me to be in her divine presence. She allowed me to worship her
and to give her pleasure. What more could a guy ask for? I was
frustrated, but deeply satisfied.

"Pay the bill, Jason dear. I need to go to my beauty salon for a
manicure and pedicure. I expect you to take over those duties soon.
Anyway, since I'll be taking the car, you can walk home. I'll call you
if I need you. Ta-ta, my little jellybean," Katya softly sang,
wrinkling her cute little nose at me. Suddenly, she was gone. Out the
door. Oh, how I adored her.




Jason's Devotion

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 4


When Mistress Katya called me back to her home at the crack of dawn, I
jumped, as I always did when I received one of those phone calls.

No words were exchanged as I performed a desperate dance of lust and
rapidly stripped myself naked until I sank to my knees in front of her.

Giggling, Katya removed her robe, revealing white lace panties. God,
she was beautiful. She slid the panties down sensually, stepped out of
them, and sat delicately in a large chair in front of me. With a grin,
she looked down at my hard cock, jutting obscenely in front of me.

"I bet I could read your mind," she whispered as I blushed.

With a sigh, she settled back in the chair and let her alabaster legs
slowly drift apart. My eyes fastened on the soft dark hair of her pussy
as her finger caressed it. I could soon see wetness envelope the puffy
lips.

"Listen Jason," she whispered. "Today's your lucky day. I give you
permission to taste me."

With joy, I tenderly sank my face into that glorious honeypot, soaking
up the sweet smell and tasting her essence. With a determination that I
never felt before, I abandoned myself to her pussy. There was no sense
of time as my tongue explored, caressed, and nuzzled every inch of her
womanhood. I relished this moment like it was frozen in time.

Suddenly, Katya's hand grabbed the back of my head and ground my face
into her loins as she groaned with pleasure. I delicately licked her
soft inner thighs as she leaned back.

"Enough, Jason," she gasped and my intimacy with her pussy was left
unsated, merely leaving me with a frustrated and painfully chastised
cock and her juices glistening on my face.

Katya playfully tousled my hair.

"You're very convenient to have around, Jason," she cooed as she
languidly picked up her panties and wiped her moist pussy.

I waited, hoping that she would allow me some relief.

She stood up and cleared some items from the coffee table. I gaped at
her in her white bra as she beckoned me.

"Bend over the table, Jason," she ordered and I complied, crushing my
captive cock into the wooden table top.

"Open wide," Katya ordered breathlessly, holding my chin while she
forced her musky panties deep into my mouth.

I felt her pushing her damp pussy against my rear and her hard nipples
against my back, pressing me firmly against the table.

"I adore having you spread over the table like this," she whispered in
my ear, her long raven tresses tickling my shoulders. "You're just so
naked and vulnerable."

Startled, I looked back at her grinning face over my shoulder. I
suddenly felt very nervous.

"Don't move," she warned.

I felt her disengage from me as she rummaged through her handbag. Katya
proceeded to tie my wrists and ankles to the four limbs of the coffee
table with strong cord.

"I'm glad you wear a belt, Jason," she coldly stated." I heard her snap
the belt and then giggle.

"Better not disturb the neighbors," she said behind me.

The sudden noise from the stereo made me jump. A top 40 station was
playing -- Britney Spears singing about loneliness.

Katya was pushing into me again, grinding her sopping pussy against me
and driving my caged cock into the table. The belt trailed across my
shoulders and I was, suddenly, very afraid.

"What shall I punish you for this time, Jason? Surely you must have
done something this week to deserve it, haven't you? You must have
ogled some poor young thing when you went to the mall on Sunday to
return my shoes, huh? Don't lie to me."

I mumbled through the panties, trying to answer her in the negative.

"Hmmm...I'll take that as a yes," she said, her hot breath in my ear
until, suddenly, she turned away and the stereo volume doubled.

I never even heard the first stroke but I sure felt it as a fierce red
hot pain seared my rear end like sirloin on a grill. The panties in my
mouth muffled any protest. TLC started on the stereo.

"Two," she blurted and the next stroke cut deep into my backside. By
the fourth stroke, I shivered in pain, my hands pulling at the cord and
tears forming in my eyes. The fifth stroke had me perpetually groaning
into the panty gag, and by the seventh I was sobbing uncontrollably, my
cries absorbed by Katya's panties as I surrendered completely to her.

I don't remember her stopping the torment, but I saw her walk into the
bathroom carrying her robe as I sobbed on the table.

Finally, my sobs faded but the burning on my buttocks remained as I lay
there. Suddenly, the music disappeared and a fully-dressed Katya
appeared next to me.

"I'll let you keep my panties as a souvenir," she said. I'll just have
to remember to be careful when I cross my legs at work today.

Katya strolled to the door.

"Have a nice day, Jason."

I gingerly raised my head and, as I turned to face her, I was amazed to
feel my cock desperately trying to burst through its metal confines.

"We'll pick this up when I get back from work...don't go anywhere."

Katya tossed her long black hair back, giggled girlishly, and walked
out the door, shutting it behind her.

"I can't wait until she finally understands the measure of my
devotion," I thought to myself.

It was a long and difficult day, but I somehow managed to sleep
fitfully. My birdcage unfortunately woke me up from the middle of a wet
dream. Then my real-live wet dream woke me up.

"I'll e-mail you when I want to see you again," Katya loudly informed
me when she returned.

My erection made a comeback, at least tried to, when she brushed up
against me to untie my bonds.

"Prepare dinner while I freshen up, okay sweetie? And make sure that
Porterhouse is bloody rare."

Oh, god, Katya could be so adorable. It just killed me when she acted
like that. Sometimes it was easier to accept when she was cruel.




Jason's Devotion

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 5


The following evening, I nervously watched the clock tick. It was
already 11pm and I was supposed to meet Mistress Katya at midnight at a
pre-arranged destination. It was at the airport which was about an hour
away. It meant that I had to leave immediately, lest I anger my
Mistress with my tardiness.

I parked my car in the short-term parking lot and at 11:40PM, I made my
way to Terminal B. I was instructed in an e-mail to be in front of the
Ladies restroom nearest to Gate B15 at midnight. I arrived with ten
minutes to spare and waited. I tried to act inconspicuously and
pretended to wait, which wasn't hard to do.

I waited until 12:25, when Katya finally arrived and nonchalantly
walked into the restroom. As per e-mail instructions, I discreetly
followed her in. I joined her in the far stall and wordlessly stripped
off all my clothes. Katya silently watched, her lips curling into a
slight smirk. She wore a pair of jeans, a pullover black sweater, and
charcoal gray mules. Her arms were folded and she impatiently tapped
her right foot.

Katya quickly put my clothes into her shoulder bag and removed a four
foot length of chain and two combination padlocks. I didn't know what
to expect next.

"On your knees, Jason...and spread your legs."

I obliged and Katya snugly wrapped the chain around my scrotum and
locked it on with one of the padlocks. She wrapped the other end around
the base of the toilet bowl and likewise locked it on with the other
padlock.

"Go ahead, sweet Jason. Try to stand."

I attempted to get up off my knees, but could not. There just wasn't
enough slack and my testicles were pulled sharply downward causing me
to hiss through my teeth.

"Put your hands together behind your back, my jellybean."

Katya locked a pair of handcuffs on me and stepped back to get
something out of her handbag. It was an 8" by 10" piece of white
looseleaf paper and a roll of clear tape. She placed the paper against
the inside wall of the stall and, with a thick red magic marker, she
wrote the words "OUT OF ORDER." Taping it on the outside of the stall's
door, she looked back down at me.

"Sweet Jason, you have a very difficult night ahead of you. I have to
catch a 7am flight to New York for that trade show that I told you
about, so I don't have to be back here for another six hours. Consider
this your final test of devotion to me.

Suddenly she walked away into the stall next door. I heard some
rustling noises and within two minutes, Katya returned with a gift.

"Here are my panties to keep you company, my jellybean. Try not to
attract attention."

I stared at my Mistress with glassy eyes. I couldn't believe she would
do this to me in public -- in a women's bathroom no less!
She wadded the panties up into a ball and stuffed it into my mouth. She
then wrapped silver duct tape over my lips and wrapped it several times
around my head, before finally cutting it off from the roll and
smoothing it down over my face.

Katya picked up her bag and I watched the sweet curves of her ass as
she walked out of the stall and closed the door behind her. On my
knees, I stared at her shoes. Almost magically, her face appeared in
the twelve inch gap between the door and the floor. Our eyes met, and
she frowned at me.

"If I were you, my jellybean, I would try to become invisible, if you
know what I mean."

I was puzzled as I heard her heels click along the tile floor until she
was gone. I shivered in the cool bathroom for about a minute, digesting
her last words and my current dangerous predicament. I tried to peak
under the door when it hit me. My feet! They could see my feet! I put
the toilet lid down and carefully climbed on top. Luckily, there was
enough slack for me to kneel down. It was uncomfortable, and my
testicles were drawn awkwardly back, but I was successful in
"disappearing."

As I kneeled there, I contemplated being caught. What would I say if
someone found me. I went in there willingly, so I was indeed breaking
the law. I was naked -- lewdly naked -- in a public Ladies Room. Was
this considered a "sex" crime? Oh my god! If I was caught, I would be
utterly destroyed, let alone mortified. There I was, nude, kneeling on
a toilet in an airport women's room with a pair of panties in my mouth,
my hands cuffed behind me, and my balls chained.

Although the room was as cold as a refrigerator, I started to perspire.
The terminal was fairly empty when I arrived, but that would soon
change at daybreak. An hour passed until I heard a visitor enter. I
shut my eyes as the click-clack of high heels got louder and louder. I
heard a yawn and then a faucet running. It sounded like someone was
brushing their teeth. After about ten minutes of freshening up, I hear
her walk over to one of the stalls. I held my breath even as my thighs
started to cramp. I hear a light tinkling as the visitor relieved her
bladder. She flushed the toilet, then I heard a faucet run again. Soon
the door opened and she was gone. I exhaled sharply and felt the
tension drain from my body.

This process was repeated several times throughout that late
evening/early morning. At approximately 4am, I heard giggling as two
young women entered the bathroom. They sounded like they had just come
from the airport bar. They were drunk, loud, and carrying on like
sailors on leave. One of them turned on the faucet and splashed the
other with water. When they started to slam the stall doors, I got VERY
nervous. They chased each other throughout the bathroom, slamming the
stall doors louder each time. When they finally got to my door, I
froze. It opened, then slammed shut. More giggling, then it happened
again. There was a pause of total silence.

"Heather, I know I just had four margaritas, but I think there's a man
in there," the brunette said.

"What did you say, Stacy?" the blonde replied.

"A man...a real-live man!"

I looked down at the floor, then slowly raised my eyes as the door
slowly opened.

"Oh my God, Stacy. You're right. Hey mister, what happened? Were you
robbed or something?"

The blonde began to unravel the tape from my face as I averted my gaze
from the brunette, who had a small smile on her face.

"I doubt it Heather. His cock is wearing a Hannibal Lecter mask and
it's leaking like he's on the rag."

Heather pulled Katya's panties from my mouth and I cleared my throat.
Although this particular punishment was a surprise to me, I did know
what to say from Katya's detailed e-mail instructions. She told me how
to answer any and all question that night.

"I'm Goddess Katya's pet and I'm being punished for overcooking last
night's dinner."

That's all I was allowed to say.

"Who the hell is Goddess Katya?" Stacy responded with slurred speech,
slightly annoyed.

"I'm Goddess Katya's pet and I'm being punished for overcooking last
night's dinner."

"When will she release you?" Heather chimed in.

"I'm Goddess Katya's pet and I'm being punished for overcooking last
night's dinner."

"This is going nowhere fast," Stacy said. "I say we have some fun with
him."

"Is he like one of those guys from 'East of Eden?'" Heather asked.

"You mean 'Exit to Eden.' Yeah, he's a male wimp." Stacy answered. "I
wonder how long he's been here."

"Maybe we ought to re-gag him."

"Well, his Mistress left a roll of tape here on the floor. I got an
idea," Stacy said. "Get a couple of fresh pairs of socks out of our
bag. I've got just the ticket."

Stacy started to remove her tennis shoes and roughly shoved her pink
cotton socks into my mouth.

"Heather, take off you socks. There's still some more room in the
little slaveboy's mouth."

The blonde handed her lavender socks to her college roommate.

"Damn! Only one fits. A-ha! I got an idea."

Stacy pulled her friend's other lavender sock down the length of my
birdcage until the leaky head of my cock stained the fabric. I felt her
soft, feminine touch through the metal prison and nearly shot my load.
I moaned.

"I think you're turning the poor fucker on, Stacy. I think he likes
you," the blonde giggled.

"I don't think he'll like me after I do this to him."

Stacy pulled my handcuffs back until my shoulder blades were pointing
toward the floor. This put tremendous pressure on my back as the young
brunette pulled a clip from her hair and attached the handcuff chain to
the chain leading away from my scrotum. I was bowed backwards until
someone released me from this painful position. My knees had been
carrying my full body weight for nearly five hours, pressing against
the porcelain lid. I was in agony as I chewed on the college vixens'
socks.

"Buh-bye honey. I hope Katya doesn't forget about you," Heather said as
she left the restroom.

"Slavey-wavey, you're in a big ole heap a trouble. I wouldn't wanna be
in yer shoes. Adios, muchacho," Stacy sneered as she left me.

I held back my tears, and my position, for a full hour. At
approximately 6am, I heard a familiar voice.

"GOOD MORNING, MY PET! My, my...what have we here? I don't
remember doing THAT to you. You must tell me all about it one of these days,
Jason my sweet."

It was her. It was my goddess. It was my wonderful Katya. I never felt
such joy...or such shame, for burning her dinner.

"Hmmmm...Ya know what? I think I'll keep you. Whaddya think, my
jellybean?"

I couldn't answer, obviously. All I could do was cry...and cry...and
cry.


THE END


All comments are welcome at beck_and_call@hotmail.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  beck_and_call


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





