BDSM Library - Asian Bound




Asian Bound
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A lonely Asian wife, obsessed with sex and her compulsion for gambling, bets on Vegas only to lose her body to sexual tormentors.
"There is some truth in all fiction"

For responses and possible follow- ups to this story, E-mail me at the following
address

Billy6991@aol.com




Asian Bound



Kim slowly hung up the phone after talking to her husband for nearly an hour.
Their phone bill would be astronomical this month just like the last one.  Mark
was overseas on temporary military duty for three months; this was to be his
last trip before he was to be transferred from Phoenix to Sacramento California
shortly after his return.  The constant trips away would end. This would allow
Mark and Kim to concentrate on having children. What they had put off for so
long.

Kim wanted the change, it would also mean she would have to make radical changes
in her life again, just as she did when she first agreed to marry when he was
stationed in Korea five years earlier.  At that time, Kim was a young bar
hostess and dancer at a nightclub specializing in GI entertainment near Seoul,
Korea.  Kim had already worked the Tophat club for a year when she met Mark, of
course there had been other men but they didn't have the charm or good looks of
Mark.  Most men before Mark just wanted a good fuck from Kim but she didn't give
it up too easily, she had to want it and the customer had to want to pay for it. 
Kim charged slightly more than her colleges for sex, she had learned something
about price and demand in her only year of college; but when the money dried up
at home, she went to work first in a small family store managed by her older
sister.

 Kim's sister left the business a year later when she married her American
husband and moved to the states.  Kim ended up selling the store after getting
pregnant by an American GI who frequented her store during his tour. Kim learned
one thing from him, and that is how to suck cock.  After aborting the baby that
her boyfriend abandoned her to deliver and raise, Kim turned took a job as a bar
hostess at the Tophat Club.  The club manager and the other girls soon
encouraged Kim to dance since she had such a nice petite figure and great legs.  
(Kim is 5' 0, 103lbs with 34c/25/35, has a terrific ass and large tits for an
Asian.) After Kim picked up dancing in a bikini on the weekends, the men raved
to watch her and business picked up incredibly. Kim could really work the stage. 
Soon, it was money and sex that drove her.  The dancing got her more attention
and money even if it meant going topless on Friday and Saturday nights. Usually,
she ended up in bed with a drunken horny G.I. who was willing to pay for Kim's
services. This was her life till she met Mark...

Those early days were fun but also a struggle for Kim and Mark.  She had to
overcome a new way of life from the bars, she really loved Mark, and he was so
gentle and understanding of her. He helped her to transition to America and
forget her old ways.  He was prince charming to her and sexually he was the best
of the lot from all of her experiences in Korea. After arriving in the states,
Kim took a job as bar hostess in a Local casino. The money wasn't great but she
seemed to like the way high rollers looked at her and even though they were
usually just trying to cop a feel of her tits or ass through the sexy costume
she worked in. 

Times had begun to change for Mark and Kim. Mark was out of town a lot and Kim
had developed a compulsion for gambling. It began initially as an innocent after
work outlet; something to kill the time when Mark was away, it soon grew out of
control as her gambling debts had taken over her meager job earnings. Kim would
save her money till mark would travel, then she would blow it in a matter of
weeks at a nearby casino.  She knew it was a disease and fought to control it.
Mark was fully aware of her compulsion and sternly warned her to stop on two
occasions. It would have worked except that her gambling compulsion was being
fed by another fuel, a renewed desire for sex and the man that helped her to
support both habits, Tom.

Yes, Kim had just had a long phone conversation with Mark that included phone
sex, but Kim only pretended to cum with Mark on the phone. Nearly six weeks of
celibacy from Mark had made her frustrated and irritable. Men wanted her with
their eyes at the gym, the malls and at her job, Kim was ready for the real
thing now and knew where she was going to get it.  Of course, Kim was excited
after talking about fucking with Mark, her nipples were swollen and her clitoris
was protruding out, begging to be licked and sucked. But phone sex seemed so
premature when she could have real sex with Tom later that evening.

 Kim was really taking risks today, in less than three hours she was to fly out
to Vegas to meet Tom and get drunk with sex and gambling for the weekend.  Kim
made sure to tell Mark she would be visiting her sister in Tucson that weekend,
so not to try calling while she was away.

Kim sat in the bathroom and began shaving her legs, She watched herself in the
steamy full-length mirror, her jet-black hair was still long, a few strands
gently touched the tip of her left nipple. She shaved slowly, beginning at her
ankles, feeling warm and erotic from the soapy bath. As she shaved higher, she
watched her reflection more intently, she couldn't help but caress her thighs as
the razor continued its upward journey. Finally she reached the end of her
strong thighs, she flexed them in the mirror, the hours in the gym certainly had
paid off. 

As she reached the folds of her pussy, she sighed and had a thrilling thought.
Her breath shortened and her nipples immediately hardened as she decided to
shave her pussy for the first time since she was a dancer. She applied a thick
coat of shaving crï¿½me and began pulling the razor down.  She wanted to watch
herself more closely, so she moved within inches of the full-length mirror and
spread her legs wide. Her thick black bush slowly disappeared with each swipe of
the blade. Her breathing increased in tempo, as she had to caress her labia to
get at the hair at the bottom of her mound. She thought about Tom seeing her
bare pussy at his motel that evening, he would probably go nuts, sucking her
clit and fucking her wet box all over the bedroom.  Finally, Kim touched her
love button as she removed the final few strands of hair from her sweet pussy. 
God, it felt so good, please let Tom fuck me soon, she thought.

 Kim stood in awe at herself reflection in the mirror. She put her hair
temporarily in pigtails with some colored hair bands and could barely tell
herself from her schoolgirl days back in high school.  Her nipples were long and
perky. Her ass was still firm and her tummy flat. She thought about buying a
schoolgirl outfit for some role-play with Tom or her husband later. She
devilishly chuckled at the thought. Kim's nipples were aching to be touched, she
gave them a twist with her thumb and forefinger, making her pussy juices flow
down her legs. She should have used her vibrator during the phone sex, she still
could.  "No", she thought, "my pussy will be aching tomorrow from being
overfucked tonight, I'll just wait it out.



Tom was a bit older than mark, by ten years in fact. He had been stationed in
the service with Mark nearly four years ago.  Tom retired from the service and
took on the stock market; it was something he was very good at, so good infact,
that he took it on full time.  Tom had been friends with Mark and Kim because
they had something in common.  At the time, Tom was also married to an Asian. 
Selena was an outgoing Filipino, she had helped Kim get started in the states
but unfortunately, also gotten Kim initially involved in gambling.  It wasn't
long before Tom's discharge from the Air Force that Selena and he divorced.  Tom
had communicated that Selenas gambling made their marriage hell. The truth was
there were other circumstances and that was Toms open flirting with Kim.  Selena
could no longer handle the situation and moved in with her sister in Los Angeles
while pending a divorce.

Now Tom could hardly wait for Kim to arrive, it meant great sex and fun just
like they had on her last trip to Vegas nearly eight months ago. Unfortunately,
both Tom and Kim knew this would be their last encounter. Tom was going to
Orlando to start a new brokerage.  Additionally, Mark's change of station and
new "homelife"shut the door entirely on any future plans Tom and Kim would try
to make.  Tom sadly smiled with realization, the situation had to end, it had
always been a no string-attached affair.  He smiled though, realizing they would
both get what they wanted for their final weekend together.



During the short flight to Las Vegas, Kim suddenly became sullen, feeling guilt
and contempt for herself, she thought about how lonely Mark was and why she was
feeling so greedy and selfish while he was away, for a minute she wished she had
stayed home.  Those feelings disappeared quickly when the fasten-seat belt sign
came on.  The flight was cleared to land. Kim looked out the window, peering at
the busy streets of Vegas as the plane began its descent.  Now the fire in her
loins returned with new excitement, she caught herself touching her crotch
through the silk red dress while a burly man two seats over just smiled at her.
Kim couldn't wait to land.

Kim nearly ran off the plane in anticipation of seeing Tom after so many months. 
He was standing right beside the door with a rose and a big smile.  Tom's 6'2
frame easily picked up Kim with a massive hug. Kim kissed Tom and felt a hot
flash as she melted in his arms.  They both talked nervously as they quickly
headed for Toms Z3.  Once they were in his car, out of public view, Tom began to
slide Kim dress up slowly. He revealed her high top black stockings; he caressed
her inner thighs and told her how much he wanted her and how much fun they would
have this weekend.  Kim's excitement was mutual as she gave Tom's hard cock a
gentle squeeze in anticipation of what was to come. 

Soon they arrived at the motel, a very ritzy place with a full Jacuzzi, large
circular bed and plenty of mirrors. They kissed again in their room, Tom sucked
at Kim tongue and caressed Kim ass and breasts.  Kim felt Toms hard cock press
against her mound. She felt herself getting wet, wanting him.  Tom stopped the
action to tell Kim he couldn't stay, he had to get to a luncheon and then they
would have all weekend to play.  Kim knew his pattern well, first the tease,
then later, the marathon fuck, all night long.  She really didn't want to wait
this time; she pressed herself against him again.

Tom moved in behind her, pressing his cock against her ass.  " How long since
you have had any Kim?" "Almost six weeks", I bet your pussy has been wet all
day", "yes" she said as she pushed her ass against him.  "Keep it wet for me
tonight, I really have to go. I'm late but I want you to wear some clothes I
bought you, You know I like you to dress hot." "While I'm gone, use my card at
the casino, then we will do dinner and dancing before our all night sex
therapy", he laughed.  Kim sadly agreed but one thing she liked about Tom was
his domineering nature, he told her what he wanted to hear and made it her
worthwhile.

As soon as Tom left, Kim decided to hit the casino, She changed into some casual
clothes, grabbed some snacks and looked around for a good place to start
playing.  Vegas was so fun and casual, she felt at home.  The only problem was
money, she usually ended up losing most of her money there, but it was the play
of the game she was after, she never thought she would get rich from the table
or machine.

Kim fed Tom's card into a slot machine and bit her lip when she saw the amount
of credit he had left for her to play with.  She really thought $1000.00 was a
mistake, never had Tom allowed her to play with so much credit before.  She
decided to cancel the game and call Tom with his cell phone.  Tom answered
quickly.  Kim asked if there was a mistake on the card.  Tom Said hold on for a
sec.  When he answered gain, he said, no, the amount is right, just have fun! "
Kim told him she couldn't gamble that much money, Tom answered, this was their
last time together, but if she lost, would she pay him back sexually tonight.
Kim hesitated momentarily and said, "yes, I'll do what ever you want"; Tom told
her he owned her the rest of the night.  Kim agreed before hanging up the phone. 
She knew his way, he liked to control her sexually, she was submissive to him in
bed, in fact now, she nearly forgot about gambling in anticipation of what
sexual delights Tom was planning for her tonight.  Kim felt her nipples harden,
oh how she wished they had had sex while at the motel.



Kim got on with her gambling, with so much money; she felt she had already won. 
What if she didn't play at all and told Tom she had quit. Well, Tom didn't seem
to mind, and her sexual imagination kept playing with her like foreplay. 
Gambling, she convinced herself wasn't what she needed right now, but it would
pass the time till she met Tom again.  As Kim played, she experienced the seesaw
emotions of winning and losing she always knew.  Something didn't feel right
though, it wasn't the machines at the casino, it felt like someone was watching
her, as she sometimes saw shadows of men with her peripheral vision from time to
time.  She shrugged it off and played till she won a plus $280.00 on the slot
machines.



Now it was time for black jack, her favorite game.  Kim had briefly been a
blackjack dealer near home, but had to give it up when mark found out she was
using her job as an excuse so she could play the machines at the casino and lose
her earnings week after week. Still, she felt she had an edge at the blackjack
table, she knew the game anyhow.  She lost $300.oo at her first table and over
$400.00 at the next. She hoped she wouldn't lose more before Tom called her to
pick her up. Kim moved over to the Roulette wheel, She knew it was dangerous,
because she could lose so much in so little time. She played till she lost all
but two hundred of Tom's credit before he finally called her on cellular.

Tom told her he would be right over to get her and asked her loses.  She told
him and he seemed upset, "you know what you promised me"  "yes I will".  Kim
felt humiliated at her own stupidity for losing Toms money.  She wanted to repay
him but didn't know how, she quickly put his card away and walked to the front
door of the casino, Kim thought she heard someone snickering behind her as she
walked but saw no one behind her as she met the doorman.  She spotted Tom
pulling up along the curb outside.

Kim quietly sat in the car and waited for Tom to invoke the conversation.  Tom
looked at her a couple of times and smiled as they drove to the motel.  "It
doesn't matter about the money and I planned it like this because I want you to
play along with your promise, it will really excite me, Ok?"  She looked at him
with tears forming in her eyes.  Kim said "yes." Okay I want you to do what ever
I tell you all night long, is that clear?  Tom caressed Kim's thigh as he did
earlier.  "I really want you to loosen up and we will have fun tonight"" Kim
dried her tears and said she would do anything Tom wanted to do and was
definitely ready for tonight.

Tom took on a new look; it almost scared Kim but felt it was part of the game. 
When they got to the motel, they caressed again.  Tom played with Kim breasts
and told her he had wanted her pussy for so long. Kim began to undress for him
but he had her stop and instead, handed her the box of clothes he had bought for
her.  Open it. His voice was louder than normal, she felt tension in his voice. 
Do it.  Kim complied, opened the box on the bed.  It contained a stretch red
halter dress, it was unbelievably short, a micro mini, she then took out fishnet
high top hose, a sheer black thong, and finally a pair of high platform, single
strap sandals.  The items were right out of a Fredrick of Hollywood outlet. Kim
Began to question her wearing something so revealing and asked where the bra
was.  Tom answered there was no bra and to put the clothes on now.

Kim complied with Tom's wishes; after all she owed him $800.00 so if this is
what he wanted, she wanted it too.  She felt naked when she returned from the
bathroom 20 minutes later.  Tom looked at Kim with lust. Put on some more
make-up, I want you really hot. Kim put on the make up thick as Tom continued to
look her body up and down.  He liked looking at her petite, 103lb body all the
time.  He liked her long silky jet-black hair and slanted almond eyes; her 34c
breasts were just perfect with long nipples that pushed against her dress well. 
Her nipples were molded to the fabric and the fishnet stocking tops peeked out
from her extra short dress, even the bottom of her well shaped ass was exposed
whenever she bent over more than twenty degrees. As Kim stood and modeled her
new look, Tom's eyes traveled her body from her hair to her beautiful legs,
stopping at her toes, so well manicured with bright red polish.  The platform
sandals were very revealing as Tom had a fetish for nice feet, and Kim's size
five feet made him want her right there.

Kim made one last stand against going out with her new clothes. Tom responded by
grabbing her and kissing her hard, letting his hands play with her nipples
throughout the dress, Kim responded with involuntary moans.  Tom explained this
was foreplay and the better she followed directions, the hotter it made him.  He
pulled her hand to his crotch, she massaged his massive 7 inches while he told
her " besides, this is a place of call girls, escorts, and just a good time",
isn't that right?  Kim agreed, she was feeling so hot, she again said  "I'll do
what ever you want all night Tom."

They left in the car for dinner first, they both ate quickly, just raring to get
on with the evening, Kim wanted sex s so much, she wanted to verbalize it to
Tom.  Tom saw her face and asked her to express herself.  While she finished her
second glass of wine, she told tom "I want you to fuck me all night Tom".  Tom
looked at her boldly and said, oh, your going to do a lot more than that tonight
Kim, a lot more. Tom waited for Kim's cued response, "yes, I will."

Soon, Kim and Tom arrived at the disco, which was on the outskirts of town. It
was a large place with a huge dance floor.  There were go go dancers suspended
in cages wearing bikinis and the lights were in beat with the pounding dance
mix.  A DJ sounded off each requested song, all popular mixes.  The place was
beginning to get crowded at 10:30, Kim felt shy at first wearing her revealing
attire but then saw many of the ladies inside were dressed similarly, must be
hookers as Tom had suggested.  Kim felt her body beginning to sway to the music
before they even sat down to the table.

Tom ordered Kim a Margarita; it was a good start, as Tom knew it usually set her
on fire.  After a couple of long drinks, Kim pulled Tom to the dance floor, near
naked or not, she wanted to dance.  Kim got down to the dance beat, shaking her
body and moving her ass to the admiring glances of Tom and men dancing with
their wives. It felt like old times to her again, dancing to a hip beat while
men drooled over her, it was fun. Tom enjoyed seeing their faces just as much as
seeing Kim move her body well to the music.

They drank and danced for an hour or so, both of them were buzzing with the
alcohol and growing sexual excitement that was building.  Kim got a second wind
and wanted to dance more but Tom had already given out, he said he was saving
his energy for tonight.  Kim smiled and looked around at the neighboring tables,
she spotted the two men that had given her lustful glares since they arrived. 
In a moment another margarita show up at the table with a note written on a
napkin. It read "My friend and I love watching you dance, we want to dance with
you but don't want to offend your husband."  Kim showed the note to Tom.  She
quickly sensed excitement in his voice.  "Return the note that you want to dance
and your husband doesn't mind at all", Kim gave him a double look before writing
a response on the back of the napkin.  "Come over here and take me... to the
dance floor, ha"

One of the black men answered her note by introducing himself as Lewis.  He
stood 6'2 and had a well-toned body.  He made no bones about how beautiful and
sexy that Kim looked and hoped Tom didn't mind sharing her on the dance floor. 
Tom just said, "have fun". Kim liked dancing with Lewis; he looked handsome and
playful.  She imagined sex with him for a few minutes while they bumped on the
music. Lewis seemed to look her over like fresh meat, as if he wanted to devour
her whole body.  All of this was exciting Tom, he liked the sexual attention
that Kim got from other men, especially when he was the only one tonight that
was going to have her.

The next song was slow so Kim pulled Tom to his feet and they held each other on
the dance floor, the song was romantic and Tom kissed Kim as they moved, he
could see the two men at a nearby table just waiting for their turn with Kim. 
Tom asked Kim if she was having fun.  She said very much. Tom said jokingly,
"this could be a real gangbang night for you Kim", "All I want is you, all
night" she responded.  Tom confessed that the men wanting her were really
exciting him, he said, "just let them have fun with you, tease them on the
floor.  The more you taunt them, the more fun I know you and I are going to have
when we get to the motel", he said that as he slightly caressed her breast.  Kim
shuddered with Tom's caress, it had been so long for good sex, and she wanted it
tonight so bad.  She just replied, "whatever you want Tom", she smile and they
returned to her seat.

As they sat down, Kim found another note and a refill on her drink.  Margarita
did make her horny, and she knew this one would be the last because she'd rape
Tom all the way home.  She read the note as she drank. "My name is Mitch, I want
to be straight out with you, your body makes me hard, dance with me when you
hear my request, "pussy control." Tom read the note and caressed Kim pussy under
the table, he said go do it baby, I'm hard also."

Kim met Mitch out on the floor, he was strong and handsome as well, not as tall
as Lewis but she quickly noticed one difference when she started grinding her
pussy to the song, Mitch had a huge hard on, the biggest she had seen on a man.  
The music and alcohol intensified her excitement, Mitch would speak to her as
they danced, he especially liked to get behind her and grind her from behind as
he whispered in her ear things like, "nice booty, and better tits".  Kim smiled
with embarrassment.  "I want your pussy to control me" as he ground his cock
into her pelvis. Kim was equally hot on the floor, she looked at Tom
quizzically, he just smiled and gave her the ok sign. 

The next song was slow and Mitch held her hand to prevent her from leaving the
floor. They danced tightly and Mitch was more verbal. "Does your husband share
you?"  "No", she replied.  "If only he knew, she thought about Mark. "Baby, I
know your as wet as I am hard, Lets talk with your husband and see if all of us
can't have a little fun tonight" Kim tried to pull away after Mitches last
remark, but he held her ass tightly, continuing to grind into her.  "Be truthful
with me baby, You want it too don't you?"  "Tell me" Kim nodded yes, then said
it verbally, "yes" but I cant not this time, she broke away from Mitch and
headed for the bathroom.  When she returned, Tom had just return also from
talking with the two men.  He said she had better finish her drink, Mitch and
Lewis want you and I'm not sharing any of you.  Kim finished her margarita
quickly.  They then both left the bar in a hurried step towards the parking lot. 
Kim saw great disappointment on the faces of the two men she had tantalized in
the club. As Tom and Kim headed for the car, Kim said she was feeling dizzy. 
Tom said the same thing.  They both slowed to a stumble as they neared the Z-3. 
They sat in the car; the last thing Kim remembered before passing out was seeing
Tom slouched in his seat and her passenger door being opened by someone else.

When Kim awoke, she felt terrible pain in her shoulders and arms.  She couldn't
move and quickly saw why.  Above her, her wrists were cuffed to an overhead
hoist, she couldn't pull free from the cuffs, below, she saw her feet were also
cuffed together and chained to an anchor in the floor. She could only relieve
the pressure on her arms by standing tiptoe, which she did immediately.  She was
confused by her state of mind; the drugs they had placed in her drink made
everything seem surreal around her.



She looked around at her surroundings in horror, She seemed to be in some sort
of dungeon, there were various apparatuses scatter about. It was a large room,
with mirrors on all walls. She could plainly see her prisoned state; she looked
at her body swaying in the mirrors with horror.  Her clothes were intact,
thanking God she hadn't been raped or mutilated, but wondering even more of why
she was there and what were they going to do to her, moreover, what happened to
Tom.  Many questions began to fuel her mind. In another room she heard laughing,
talking and some sounds of someone getting beaten, she cried out realizing it
was Tom cries. After several of Tom's cries, Kim screamed out.

It wasn't long till the men inflicting Tom's pain came out from the room. It was
Mitch and Lewis! Kim tried to turn her head away in shock as Mitch approached
her. He quickly came behind her, cupped her tits and said: "well our china doll
is finally awake"  "looks like its playtime". Next Lewis came out this time
pulling Tom on a leash fastened to a collar around his neck.  He wasn't wearing
anything but a type of leather chastity belt , the leash also had electrical
cables attached to a remote at the end, apparently, and it was a torture device. 
Tom looked hypnotic and tired. They men fastened Tom to a chair with straps so
that neither his feet nor arms could move, he was only a few feet from Kim and
looking very sad.

"Well, I guess it's time to explain what's happening here people", said Lewis. 
"We are simply collecting some of the money that Mr. Bennett (TOM) here has been
laundering through some drug connected investments in Columbia.  It's a sizeable
amount of money and Tom here is going to pay up today whether he wants to or
not."  With that, Lewis pushed the remote control he was holding and Tom
screamed in agony. "Mr. Jones is modeling a special cock ring, it really
electrifies him" Both men Laughed.  "He is also on sodium penithol, so he's been
talking to us a lot not only about his customer account embezzling but also you
Kim"

Mitch walked over and began feeling up Kim again from behind, running his hands
all over her body as Lewis talked.  "so Kim, you want to know why you, right?" 
"yes" she blurted out.  "at first we thought you really were Toms wife, then
found out your just a chink fuck slut that comes in to town to spend his money
and fuck him in payment every few months." "we saw you before you went to the
club, at the casino. We just cant let you go, now for two reasons, One, because
your going to help convince Tom to give us the account code and transfer 2
million to our account and two, because you really did make us horny earlier
tonight, and we are going to party with you whether you like it or not." Kim
yelled out "fuck you" after his words. Lewis just said: "that's right your going
to fuck me and everyone I want you to fuck" I like the way your mouth looks when
you say that bitch"

"We'll give you some warm-ups first, don't feel shy baby", said Lewis.  Mitch
pulled up the back of her dress and played with Kim ass as Kim tried desperately
tried to pull away from her bonds.  "My arms hurt, please let me down", said
Kim. Got one more thing to explain to you both before we play.  First,  we don't
mind hurting people, hell, were both members of a bondage club right close to
town,  Look around, everything in here gets used and there are more rooms that
contain more pleasure and pain. Mitch here is a master torturer, he has certain
fetishes but let me get to the point, We don't want to kill either of you and
will only do so if you don't cooperate...fully.  If  Mr. Bennett here continues
to dabble in drugs and the black market, he is going to pay financially and with
pain.   Also I am told you have a husband that knows nothing about this, You
have a gambling problem, you don't know how to quit and you just love to Fuck
Tom, oh sorry we interrupted your little affair earlier, I know your juices are
turned on. " If you ever want to see your husband again, you will do everything
we tell you, or you will be the first victim tonight Kim!"

Kim looked him in the eye, she knew he was serious, for now she just thought
about the pain in her arms, shoulders and growing pressure in her bladder,
apparently, she had been hanging there several hours. Kim watched Mitch and
Lewis pop some pills.  Tom begged for water, apparently his drugged state was
causing him thirst and delirium. "Mitch came over to Kim and pulled her head
back by grabbing her long hair. He held her nose and pushed a pill into her
mouth. Kim choked it up once, then Mitch forced it in again, this time she
swallowed it. Another pill was force into the mouth of Tom.

"Everyone just got a boost of viagra baby, not exactly prescription level, just
something a little stronger, yours was for females, test drug, we will see" in a
few minutes, Kim slowly began feeling different, she felt her nipples tingle
against the thin fabric of the dress and her pussy seemed to melt into her
panties.  The slightest movement regardless of pain sent shivers down her back,
it was if her sex was amplifies many times. Mitch and Lewis  began to strip
their clothes, they both striped down to their bikini leather thongs,   Both men
were exhibiting massive hardons with Mitches looking like a telephone pole
stretching the thin ,material.

Mitch asked Kim if she wanted down. She yelled out yes, please!  Lewis handed a
card to Lewis for Kim to read.  "read this bitch!  She saw the words and said
"NO" and turned her head.   Immediately,  Mitch pulled out a leather paddle and
raised Kim dress.  She screamed out as he gave her ten hard whacks across each
bare buttock. "twenty this time?", "No" she cried, the pain was so much. "read
this then bitch" "okay" "

Kim cried as she struggled with the words, "I am a horny Asian slut, I will fuck
and suck as you wish, I will dance for you and make you want my ass,  pussy, and
mouth. I will eat your cum and say the words you love to hear, if I disobey you
for any reason, both  Tom and I will be punished severely." "Very nice Kim, you
can join our club here anytime", Lewis took the card and penciled in something
else.  "read the last sentence several times Kim" it will excite us. "Kim saw
the words and refused" Mitch readied the paddle and Kim said "ok" OK.  "me so
horny" "Louder bitch" "ME, SO HORNY" Again, make me hard, "ME SO HORNY".

Good, now let her down. Mitch let Kim loose from the wrist and leg chains.   Kim 
felt her circulation begin to return slowly.  She was petrified that the men
would kill them both, she didn't know what to do, and her bladder began to hurt.
"can I go to the bathroom? Please" Lewis yelled , say it like a whore.  "can I
pee please" Not like that, use dirty words"  "can I piss please", From where
Kim? "from my pussy".  I want to hear the other word bitch" From my cunt" she
bowed in shame, having to say the words.  "you can piss after you dance, and
believe me, you better dance like your dying  to get fucked, other wise, I am
going to jolt Mr. Bents balls to hell" Kim said no, softly. Mitch pushed the
bottom on the controller, sending electrical current through Toms cock and
balls, making him cry out loudly" "stop', I will dance" stop", said Kim.

Both of her torturers smiled.  Lewis turned on some disco lights and played
"Nasty" by Janet Jackson.  Kim moved to the center of the floor and began to
dance.  She tried to imagine herself back in Korea dancing to men's erotic
excitement instead of the filth that was witnessing her adulation's on the
floor.  The drugs were making her feel more sensual than ever, she wished she
were fucking Tom now rather than being  here exhibiting in front of Mitch and
Lewis. "lose the fucking dress before the song ends, or we punish both of you" 
Kim  felt the material of the dress rub against her breast, her nipples felt so
hot.  She rubbed her hands over her tits to please herself and to tantalize the
men.  She shook her pussy and ass to the men's pleasure.  Slowly, and
seductively, she peeled the dress off  to the rhythm of the beat , her nipples
stood out hard and ready for action. She couldn't control her desire. After her
dress was gone, Mitch quickly moved up to dance with Kim, he played with her
tits and ass from behind as he began to grind into her.  She felt his cock
strain against her ass as he verbalized what he wanted. "I have to fuck every
part of you slut" Kim responded by shaking her ass against Mitches ass, he was
grabbing her nipples and sucking them, she was super horny now with the drugs
and adrenaline, then the song stopped . Lewis put another song on, now both men
were rubbing their cocks with their hands.

Kim wanted to stop the dancing, her bladder hurt, she was afraid to ask to go to
the bathroom.  The song Pussy control started up and Kim began to dance again. 
She gyrated her hips as the men raved her on.  "play with your tits when you
dance slut", said Mitch.  Lewis followed up with "the fucking g-string comes off
now!"  Kim closed her eyes and began to remove her flimsy g-string. She whipped
her long hair like a demon as her g-string  moved down her legs, exposing her
shaven pussy.  Kim felt so sexual displaying herself in front of the men.
Feeling control with out power.  Mitch and Lewis are playing with their cocks
through their pants, Mitch began to unfasten his leather thong as Kim gyrated to
the pornographic song. "Off with the hose and shoes, chink!, yelled Mitch.  Kim
sat on a makeshift stage and  seductively removed her high sandals and peels her
fishnet stockings down one at a time.

The song was also driving her sexually, her breasts were red hot, and her pussy
was soaking wet. Kim was fully naked now and Mitch was pulling down his sexy
jockey.  She looks at him with lust.  He began to near her, yelling, "play with
your tits and cunt while you dance" Kim did everything asked of her now, she was
too horny to stop. She alternated her fingers between her wet pussy and her
nipples, feeling herself in sexual heaven.  "open the pussy lips and thrust
forward close to your boyfriend, bitch" Kim , fully naked moved towards Tom,
still dancing and playing, she squatted as she danced and pulled her pussy lips
apart for all of them, Kim quickly noticed that Tom had a hard on also.

Mitch had had enough, he moved behind Kim and pulled his thong off.  He pushed
his cock against Kim's ass as they both grinded to the music. Kim moved against
him, her pussy soaking wet. Tom picked up Kim and slid his cock between her
legs, back and forth while the other men watched. Kim couldn't believe his
length and turned to see that he was uncircumcised and at least 10 inches, He
picked her up again and mounted her on his face, eating her wet hole., Kim
moaned in delight. Lewis moved near them and told her to say dirt things.  Kim
didn't immediately respond so Lewis picked up the paddle, had Mitch hold her ass
wide as Lewis whacked her ass several times. Kim cried out in pain.  She said
"anything, just don't hit me anymore" Mitch pulled Kim to  a table and pushed
her on the table  with her legs wide and over her head. Mitch pushed his cock
head into her a little then backed out.  Kim moaned in disappointment. "ask for
it cunt" Mitch shoved in 4 inches this time and withdrew again, Lewis readied
the paddle again. Kim say" fuck me" Say it loud, use the words we want to hear",
said Lewis.

"Fuck my cunt".  "Ask nice", "Fuck my cunt please"" that's right whore". Mitch
proceeded to bury his monster into Kim. he went deeper with each stroke, Mitch
was groaning with pleasure, Kim felt herself strain against his thickness and
length.  It was really too big for her but she was too horny and too powerless
to reject him.  Kim  began to feel better as his strokes increased, soon Mitch
was plowing into her and yelling how tight and hot she was.  "Lewis was equally
turned on, he said" say the three words we want to hear if you want to cum Kim"
and with an Asian accent" now Slut" "Mitch stopped as he heard her begin  the
words. "me so horny" Louder Bitch, said both Mitch and Lewis as Mitch began to
pound her again.  "me so horny", "Keep saying it, more and more" "ME SO
HORNYYYY" Kim  felt her insides turn out as Mitch fucked her harder and faster.
"ME SO HORNY" "I CUMMMINNNNG NOW."  Kim screamed during sex for the first time
in her life" She yelled "FUCK ME" at the top of her lungs and rode the 10 plus
inch of pleasure that was building its own eruption. Kim came for several 
seconds, Mitch kissed her deep as he began to shoot his own load. he pulled her
off the table and wrapped her legs around his back. He shot a huge load into Kim
in wave after wave of pleasure.  Kim felt him shoot and contracted her pussy to
squeeze every drop of cum from his dick..

Lewis felt it was time to have a little fun with Kim.  He came behind her with
his cock protruding from his bikini jockey.  He had Mitch pull Kim over the side
of the table with her ass exposed. Lewis kicked her legs wide apart and began
rubbing a butt plug around  Kim wet cunt. He said, "I believe Mitch has
stretched your cunt, anyway, this is the hole I've been waiting for" Lewis used
the seeping cum to lubricate the Plug. He inserted it in her slowly with
protests from Kim.  The pain she felt was unbearable when compiled with her full
bladder and butt plug. Finally, it seated itself in her ass and the men let her
go. Kim felt full with the plug deep within her.  she noticed  wires and a small
tube extending from the plug, she was scared she was to be electrically tortured
anally. Lewis proceeded to explain the contraption. This plug is 5 " when
inactivated, I can use this pump t o make it extend to 8 inches at ant time. He
gave one pump to demonstrate as the pressure of its new length shocked Kim.  "it
also contains a powerful vibrator and I know you'll love both before I'm
trough."

With the added pressure on Kim bladder, , Kim immediately doubled over in pain,
. She begged to Piss.  Lewis fastened a collar around Kim neck and attached a
leash.  He pulled her over to Tom who was now elevated on a masochistic table. 
He was on his back with his body strapped in, his head was held firmly in place
by leather clamps at a lower level than the rest of his body. His table was on
wheels and could be positioned anywhere in the room.  Kim bent over in pain as
she was pulled to a harness overhead.  Again, Kim wrists were shackled to an
over head pulley.. Her legs were left free except for a  set of ankle cuffs and
a two-foot attaching chain. She was hoisted up off the floor and Toms table was
positioned so that his head lied beneath her legs. Kim was facing Toms legs as
the men worked to position Kim's Pussy directly over toms mouth.  She though, "
I need to pee, I don't want sex now". Kim was lowered onto tom's mouth and Tom
was told to  open wide.. Just before she was lowered down, another pill was
forced into Tom's mouth. Tom was told his thirst would soon be clenched.  Kim
now knew the sick horror that was going to take place. Kim's pussy now was
resting on Tom's lips. Tom had a nose plug placed on his nose to ensure he
couldn't close his mouth to breathe.  He was given a jolt to his balls to make
him open wide.  Kim was further secured to the table and tom so that nether one
could shift.  Kim was balancing on her tiptoes to prevent all her weight from
being put on tom's face.  "lick her cunt, do it now" Toms balls were slapped by
Lewis hand. Top lapped at Kim wet pussy, he could taste Mitches  cum as it
dribbled down his chin.  Kim tried to hold her bladder, she strained to keep
herself from letting go. "Piss in his fucking mouth chink" Kim refused, she bore
the pain and felt herself begin to enjoy Toms tongue. 

Mitch brought out a pair of chopsticks  and gave them to Lewis.  Lewis began
pinching several areas of Kim body with them, extracting gasps of pain from her. 
You want to piss bad don't you cunt? Kim restrained herself as best she could. 
Lewis pinched her nipples hard with the chopsticks. She cried out in pleasure
and pain. Give the bitch another pill, said Lewis. Mitch forced a pill into Kim
mouth and made her swallow. It won't be long cunt, till your offering your sushi
ass to all of us and mean soon!. Kim  tried to concentrate on holding her
bladder.  Tom had renewed his licking of Kim's swollen pussy and clit. She felt
a new wave of arousal slowly begin to take her over. Kim thought about fucking
and nothing else, she hated Tom for her situation but she was also enjoying the
sex immensely.

"Still not cooperating chink?" said Lewis.  He attached metal clips to Kim's
sensitive nipples.  There was wires protruding from both of them. "you're going
to piss like you never have before and if Tom here doesn't drink every drop,
you're both going to get cut. Mitch brought out a knife and held it
simultaneously to Tom's balls and  Kim's tits.  Kim felt pain in the balls of
her feet as she tried to stand on tiptoe.  Mitch  rotated a dial and pushed a
button behind her.  Kim felt electrical shocks go through her nipples and spread
out through her body.  Lewis pumped the butt plug twice and that was all Kim
could stand. She felt a trickle of piss drop into tom's mouth. he drank it
hungrily. Mitch gave the plug another pump and sent more juice through her tits.
Kim let lose of another stream of piss, trying not to spill it. She felt both
pleasure and hatred for tom, she was also getting hotter by the minute with the
drugs.

 Lewis reached out and gave the controls to Mitch, he gleamed in joy.  Give her
a workout. Mitch proceeded to work the controls sending Kim beyond pain and
pleasure. She let another shot of urine go directly into Tom's mouth.  She still
held a lot of piss and Lewis wasn't yet happy. Mitch pumped the plug to its
entire length and Kim felt new and harsher pressure to her anal canal. Lewis
reached around with a pair of chopsticks  and held her swollen clitoris  firmly.
"You want it bitch?" " yes "she cried. "I know you need a little cock." Lewis
brought the harness down and forward and locked them in place at the foot end of
the table, then she strapped Kim and  tom together making Kim take Toms cock
entire into her mouth. "suck it and piss bitch."  Kim sucked tom's enormous
hardon with pleasure.  she felt a another jolt of electricity go through her. 
She felt her feet being inserted in some type of platform shoes that  were
strapped with Velcro around her ankles. Her feet were doused with water and she
felt a new electrical wave tingle at her toes.  One of the nipple clips was
removed and placed directly on Kim clit.  It was activated and Kim lost all
control. She shot her piss hard into Tom's mouth as he gulped as fast as he
could.

"That's right bitch, all of it. Kim proceeded to give Tom  short bursts of piss
and nearly drowning him with it. She also worked his cock until she felt his
moans beneath her pussy, Tom came very hard and Mitch pushed her mouth down
further to be sure she drank all his cock had to offer. His cum bypassed her
mouth and went directly down her throat.

Kim began humping Tom's mouth trying to get the most pleasure from his tongue. 
Lewis and Mitch laughed, saying she's a real horny bitch. Lewis decided not to
let her cum for now and unstrapped her from Tom.  Tom had cleaned the last of
cum and piss from Kim pussy  before she was forcefully unmounted from him. Mitch
pulled her by her collar after Lewis had removed all devices except the butt
plug. Mitch pulled Kim to a recliner chair as he sat down. He made Kim kneel at
his feet for the next event.

It was time for Tom to do what he was asked. He was still showing some
reluctance to cooperate with the men when he was seated and told to enter a pin
number for his corporate stock account.  Lewis simply retaliated with a metallic
buttplug, he forced into Toms ass.  It had a wireless remote.  He gave it the
remote to Mitch for his pleasure.  Mitch was having his own fun with Kim. He
made her put her hair in a ponytail and pulled on her collar till her mouth was
inches from his huge balls. "if you want more of this baby, you'd better lick it
like an ice-cream cone".  Kim wanted it, she had to have it again, she started
licking Mitches balls, taking in his aroma and the dried taste of her own cum.
"That's a good bitch, I bet you hate that bastard that got you into this mess",
Kim nodded yes.  Mitch slapped Kim tits hard several times, making them red,  "I
don't like non verbal or sign language",  "I want to hear the words and lots of
em".  Kim spoke up, "I hate him, sir"  "What do you want to do to him bitch?" "I
want to hurt him, sir"  Mitch gave her the battery remote. "hurt him for me,
I'll let you suck me if you do it right" Kim quickly pushed the button, lighting
up the control and causing Tom to twitch in the chair, she held it for seconds,
to the pleasure of both Mitch and Lewis.  "How does that make you feel Chink?"
"Horny sir". Start sucking it, I want to see it disappear into your throat".

Kim began with the uncircumcised head, Mitch pulled the control from Kim hand
and shocked Tom whenever he felt his cock twitch in Kim expert mouth.  Tom
looked drained and could barely speak after a second round of shocks to his ass.
Finally, he agreed to enable the code for Lewis.  "That's good Tom, no body
needs to get hurt anymore, besides, I ain't had any of that pussy over here yet
, You've been wasting my time.  Lewis handed Tom a laptop and Tom went to work
on the account.  Tom made the transfer of funds as instructed, soon the
transaction was complete and Lewis smiled and said "now we can party".  Tom just
looked on at Kim and Mitch. Mitch was tugging Kim's ponytail as he forced her to
deep throat his cock in a long slow movement.  She could barely get half of it
down her throat and gagged repeatedly with the pressure of Mitches cock against
her throat. With the financial transaction complete, Lewis tied Tom down in a
chair with the plug still inserted.

Lewis removed his thong and extended his cock, it was hard and ready for action.
He walked over to Kim and pulled her mouth from Mitches cock to his own. Now
this ones smaller gook, show me how much you like dark meat. Play with yourself
too, I like a woman who can make herself wet. Mitch stroked his cock while
watching the new action take place. He grabbed the remote for her plug and
pumped it  a few times. Kim muffled a groan as she pinched her own nipples and
continued to stroke her swollen lips over Lewis cock.  "Work the pussy too
cunt", said Mitch, he pumped her butt plug to 8 inches and turned the vibrator
on.  Kim couldn't cum but she felt like she was so close.  Stop sucking bitch,
tell me what you want, do you want to party ?

"Yes sir, I want to party with you". "Only me? Don't disappoint the rest of us. 
"I want both of you, sir". "At the same time right?" Kim slid her wet fingers
over her clitoris and Spoke out "yes sir", come on, say what we want to hear. 
"I want to fuck you both at the same time sir", "keep talking bitch" "I want you
to fuck my ass while Mitch fucks my pussy, sir"  "but there's three of us here
Kim, don't want to leave anyone out, and we all need a good piece of ass".  Kim
looked down at the ground, remembering her newfound hate for Tom.  Lewis pinched
Kim nipples hard, she screamed in pain.  Tell me again what you want or all of
Lewis will take you ass now" Mitch just smiled.  "Me so horny sir","yes, and
what chink?" Me want to fuck all of you sir all together, me so horny".  "Now
you're being a good girl, come over here.

Lewis pulled Kim over to Tom's area.  Mitch pulled Tom up and fastened his arms
to a shackle. He shackled his widespread ankles to the ground and pulled a rope,
stretching his arms high overhead.  Then, Mitch rolled a padded table over to
Tom, Tom legs now straddled the table head.  He was facing away from the table.
Lewis laid on the table first and positioned Kim's ass directly over his cock.
He shrunk the buttplug and pulled it from her ass. Next he told her to put it in
her ass.  Kim obliged him, Her ass now stretched by the buttplug slid onto Lewis
8-inch tool with little pain.  She felt full with his cock.  "Stroke it a little
cunt" Kim started a slow movement  of rocking back and forth on Lewis's cock.
"That's right you tight ass chink", now lay back for me. Kim laid back with her
mouth just inches from Toms waiting cock.

Mitch lowered Tom till Kim took his cock entirely in her mouth. She was lying
completely flat on Lewis and still moving her ass with a slow rhythm.  Lewis got
on the table and slid his cock over Kim slick mound.  "Say it one more time
bitch", said Mitch. Kim stopped sucking Tom just long enough to say "Me so
fucking horny, Please fuck me, please" "ok bitch". Mitch pushed his cock into
Kim's bald cunt slowly, he could feel a new constriction made by Lewis cock in
her ass. This just made her even tighter and Kim squirmed with a muffled groan. 
Now she had three cocks in her and was in pleasure heaven.  Mitch twisted her
nipples as he invaded her cunt even more. He began a slow rhythmic stroke. 
Lewis could feel her ass constrict more and more as Mitch increased the depth of
his strokes.  Soon, Kim was pushing her pussy and ass in both directions, trying
to get the most pleasure for both men and herself.   Tom felt himself Precum as
Kim deliriously stroked his cock with her mouth.  "Tell us you want us to cum
bitch", said Lewis" "I want you to cum sir" Lewis reached around and pinched her
nipples slowly, making Kim louder" Fuck my ass sir" Lewis shot his load deep
into Kim's ass. Mitch felt his precum and backed off a second before he started
fucking her pussy as hard as he could.  Kim responded by milking Toms cock to a
new explosion of its own.  He came into her mouth in severe long spasms, she
gagged at the amount of cum he forced into her mouth. Mitch asked if he could
finish her himself.  Lewis said ok and moved from beneath her.  Mitch pushed Kim
legs high over her head and pushed all of his cock into her.  Kim still trying
to hold toms cum in her mouth, just gurgled with her own moans.

Mitch grabbed Kim tits and played with her nipples hard.  "Don't drink the cum
yet , hold it in your mouth" Kim couldn't help it from dribbling from the sides
of her mouth as she moaned loudly in unison with Mitches strokes. Mitch bit
Kim's toes and feet as he drove her home.  "Now get ready you fucking whore"
Mitch scream out "now, drink it". Kim swallowed the cum, it took several gulps
before it was gone and so was she.  She just yelled, "fuck, fuck" as she came
harder than ever before in her life.  She stroked Mitch till his cock was semi
hard again.  In a matter of two minutes she came again screaming "feels so good"
so fucking good". Finally it was over. Tom was let down from his hoist and made
to squeeze the cum from Kim ass and pussy into a martini glass.

Rick wasn't yet satisfied.  He had Mitch put Tom back on the shackle hoist to
watch the last performance.  Lewis pulled out a attachï¿½ case and opened it.  It
contained various phallic toys and appliances.  He then asked Kim how horny she
was. She said "Very horny, sir" Lewis smiled as he pulled out the first
appliance, it was a leather web belt shaped like a mans jock.  It had a metal
ring that Lewis used to snap in a pulsating 10" dildo.  Lewis demonstrated the
way it squirmed back, forth and in and out as the remote buttons were
manipulated. It would also contract and extend itself from 6 to 10 inches.  Kim,
still wet with cum felt the dildo impale her before the straps were fastened
with velcro around her waist and supported with two rubber straps that neatly
slid under her ass cheeks.

Next, Lewis demonstrated the torture bra.  It was also fashioned of leather.  It
had holes cut  for the nipples so that they protruded out. There were teeth that
surrounded the nipples. With the worn at default, it merely stimulated the
nipple area. To the rear of the bra, was a handle, it had two positions,
depending on how far it was pulled by the tormentor. At first position, it would
clamp the entire breasts almost flat, causing size 36 breasts extend to 38". 
With the handle pulled to the "full" position, the nipples were now clamped
tightly by the studded teeth surrounding each areola.  Finally a pair of 5-inch
stiletto see through sandals were given to Kim to put on her bare feet. These
shoes had small batteries installed within the heels. Electrical current control
was achieved from the same remote as her dildo belt. The shoes would also shock
her on their own whenever her feet became wet from perspiration and the control
was enabled. 

Lewis had Kim dance to "I want your sex" by George Michael.  Kim danced
seductively to the heavy beat of the song as the lights again whirled and the
men watched with awe.  Kim was enjoying the feel of the dildo even at its
passive state. Then Lewis applied power to her shoes first making Kim dance
faster and without rhythm to the music. Mitch quickly went over and paddled her
ass with the leather strap till she got into sync with the music. Finally, Lewis
enabled the dildo and Kim moaned outloud, she had never felt a cock like this.
The scene was so erotic since Kim was truly getting fucked as her naked body
danced to the music. "What do you want Kim?" cooed Lewis.  "Fuck my ass sir,
please". "Get your Asian ass over here now, cunt" Kim nearly ran to Lewis. 
Mitch took a nod from Lewis and strapped Kim spread ankles to the bottom of a
leather table. He bent her over the table then shackled her wrists over her head
and forward so that she was at a 45-degree angle.  Lewis asked her if she needed
an ass fucking, Kim responded with "Yes please, sir, fuck my ass hard" Lewis
pushed his cock into Kim's ass while the music was started gain. Kim grunted
with pain and satisfaction. She faced Tom and licked her lips with pleasure.





Mitch forced Tom to jack off as he watched. Mitch did the same. When Tom was
going to cum, Mitch had him shoot his load into the already half-full martini
glass. Mitch proceed to do the same, now the glass contained at least 12 ounces
of cum. Lewis began stroking Kim's ass hard.  She moaned and asked him to fuck
her harder.  Lewis turned up the speed of the sqirmer deep within her pussy and
also turned the dial up on her electric heels.  Her feet were sweating from the
dancing and she felt sharp jolts going through her toes and soles of her feet..
This, together with the simultaneous ass fucking and squirming dildo, brought
her to higher levels of sensation.  Now she was speaking deliriously of fucking,
sucking and wanting more. Finally, Lewis took hold of the torture bra handle and
pulled.  Kim cried out as the teeth of her bra bit down on her already sore
nipples.  They also made her nipples stretch out beyond proportion.  "Maybe Kim
wants her "cocktail now". He sensed that Kim was going to cum and began pulling
the bra handle in unison with his strokes.  Kim's moans were louder than ever
before.

Mitch brought the full glass of cum to Kim lips and told her to drink every drop
as she came. She turned her head away from the glass just in time for a hard
pull of the handle by Mitch.  Kim turned her head forward again as she sensed
the biggest orgasm of her life rapidly approaching.  She gulped the cum from the
glass as if she had not drank or eaten in days.  Lewis boosted all appliances to
high setting and pulled her bra handle again and again as he bucked into her
ass. Kim responded by finishing the cum (even licking the glass) while she
pushed her ass backwards to meet Lewis thrusts.  Kim and Lewis came
simultaneously, Kim came so hard she collapsed out. Lewis milked his cock in her
ass till he was dry. Everyone was finally happy.

Lewis and Mitch released all the devices from Kim and carried her to a bathroom.
She was revived with smelling salts and told to shower.  Tom was directed to
another bathroom and ordered to do the same.  They both returned to the room and
dressed themselves.  Kim felt herself drained from all the fucking and sucking
she had done in the past few hours. Tom was mentally and physically exhausted as
well.  He and Kim both slumped in a chair. Lewis announced they had both been
very good and was happy he didn't have to kill them.  They were both given a
pill and told to swallow it. They did although too tired to question its
contents or their future plans.

Kim awoke in Toms Z-3. It was daylight and she wondered what had happened to the
time.  She remembered they were on their way to the motel when she fell asleep
in the car.  She still felt the effects of the alcohol; she could hardly sit
straight in the seat. Tom looked startled also. He looked around in
bewilderment. Tom began to drive off when he noticed a cassette tape partially
extended in dash. It had a single work on its label, "push." Tom pushed in the
tape and he and Kim listened with shock as they drove away.

"You are both very lucky people because your still alive"  "you don't remember
what happened to you because of the amnesiac side effect of the drugs I
administered you", "let me bring you up to date"

First Tom, you had some fun with your pretty mistress and we had fun with you"
"but it cost you four million dollars as you kindly put it in our name" Don't
worry, it wont happen again as long as you keep your business legitimate and
never return  to Vegas"  if you do, you will see the bottom of Hoover dam face
first .  Don't try to start a racket somewhere else or go to the authorities, we
will be on your ass immediately.

"Pretty Kim, we most enjoyed your company, as your body is starting to reflect,
a little sore are we?" Kim felt her nipples, pussy, ass, and even her feet ache
from whatever trauma she had experienced. She looked in into the passenger side
cosmetic mirror to see her lips bruised and swollen.  The message continued;
"Kim, you were wonderful and I 'd love to play with you some more but let me
give you some advice before I get excited again. Get away from this loser, it's
his fault that this happened to you in the first place. Another thing, I know
you're a compulsive gambler, hopefully after today you wont make another bet. 
If you are still in Vegas by this nightfall, I will assume you want to play
more.  If you ever enter Vegas or even a casino again, you will pay with your
lips, cunt, and ass till death does us part.

"Thanks again for the money and ass people, this tape will dissolve and totally
fuck up your fucking stereo starting now. " The tape player began to smoke,
choking Tom and Kim. Top pulled out the now empty, melted case. Only a wax like
substance remained inside the tape door.  Tom soon pulled into the Motel parking
lot, nearly running over a pedestrian near the corner of the lot.  Tom and Kim
walked quickly to Tom's room.  Kim just said, "I hate you for whatever you did,
get me out of here". Tom shaken by Kim's new anger, got on the phone to make
immediate airline reservations for 1:00 PM. Kim looked at her body in the
full-length mirror as she changed into something conservative. She noticed with
terror the bite marks around her nipples, the welts on her ass and bruises on
her tits and even on her thighs and ankles.  Her wrists had bruises around her
wrists.  Kim made herself as normal as possible with makeup. She hid the bruises
on her body with pantyhose and a conservative dress.

Tom took Kim to the airport as fast as he could, considering the speed limit. 
As he pulled to the curb, Kim quickly stepped out without even a look in his
direction. Tom pulled away to gather his own things, he was leaving town also.  
He could not understand why his ass was hurting him, he had never had a problem
with hemorrhoids.  As he reached down, he noticed some blood coming from his
sore ass. Tom was pulled over NY a traffic cop.  He signed the ticket while he
wiped the blood on his pants, he knew he was getting out of town ...fast.

Kim cried during most of the short flight. She did a lot of thinking about her
past and future, She settled in the empty house with complete anguish.  As the
lonely nights went on, she decided with determination to change her life.  Soon,
all evidence of the past weekend left her, the bruises and welts all healed,
soon, she was back to normal and held a new esteem for herself. Mark called her
each weekend and mid week during the last month of his deployment.  Kim actually
played with herself when Mark called, she even initiated phone sex with him as a
surprise during his last week of deployment.  Kim swore to herself that she
would never reveal what had happened that faithful weekend in Vegas and chuckled
as she thought, she couldn't remember it anyway and she couldn't.

Finally, the day arrived for Marks last homecoming, He called from the airport
asking for her to pick him up.  Kim lied and told him she was sorry but she was
sick with fever and lying in bed. "please take a cab," she said.. Mark quickly
got a cab and headed home for the 25-minute drive, He asked the cab driver to
hurry, his wife was sick. The trip took 15 minutes.

Mark arrived at the house to find new flowers planted in the front yard, a new
porch swing was sitting on the front porch just waiting to be used.  Mark opened
the front door hoping to see Kim standing there, she wasn't.  He dropped his
bags and headed to the bedroom.  He was greatly surprised to see his "sick "
wife.  She was wearing only a smile on the new king sized brass bed.  She had
tied her feet and hands to each corner of the bed.  There were mirrors on each
wall of the room. There were flowers and scented candles everywhere around the
room. Next to the bed on a lamp table, there was a squeeze bottle of honey. Tom
smiled as he removed his clothes, he pulled his boxers over and down his aching
7-inch cock. "I though you were sick! " "I was  sick of not having you" They
both smile at each other as mark pulled off the last of his clothes and
approached her from the bed.

Mark poured some honey on Kim nipples and over random places of her body from
her lips to her toes.  He began to lick the honey droplets off her as she moaned
for him.  "Tom readied his cock for her pussy as Kim spoke, "I had a dream you
would rape me" I don't know why but I want you to do me rough, Please mark" Mark
answered Kim's request by twisting her nipples hard and entering her spread
pussy in one thrust. He had a load that he had been wanting to deliver to her
for months.  Kim felt the pain and manipulations of Marks movements' combine for
an aurora of pleasure.  As she moaned loudly and came, her mind flashed the same
pleasure in pain from something from the past. She didn't know what is was but
she loved it. Mark soon spent his long last load into Kim, soon she asked for
more and they did it again in full daylight with the window shades open.  Mark
felt he had found a new wife. He didn't realize how true his revelation was.





The end

Bill




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bill


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





