BDSM Library - Mother's Owner




Mother's Owner
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Mother's affair was found out by her daughter. Now it was the daughter's turn to take the control. See the mother was dominated by daughter and her friends.
                                  Mother's Owner
                                    by Paladin

This is a compilation of my series Mother's Owner ... Enjoy!


This is another story from my imagination. If you do not appreciate such, don't
take offense. Just go on to the next posting.


If you're under age or immature forget the following.


If you're offended by non consensual sex, violence, S&M ... ETC then go on to
the next posting.


                             You've been warned!!!




                               Mother's Owner # 1
                                    by Paladin


      As always she had argued with her mother. Violet was a rebellious teen and
the strains were showing. She left the house in a huff and went to the mall to
hang with her friends. She looked and looked but found no one there and nothing
to do. Hanging alone was boring!! Not any more fun than going home and listening
to her stereo.


      As she walked up the drive and saw that the house was strangely silent.
Only her parents room window was open. From the sounds emanating from it, it
appeared that their was some activity in that room.


      She sneaked up to the open window and heard,


      "OO OO God OOO You do that soo...."


      Her mother was getting it on with dad.. A smirk crossed her face but it
was soon replaced with a frown.


      Wait a minute... Dad was on a trip and wouldn't be back till Friday....;


       Vi thought.


      She cautiously chinned her self on the sill and peaked into the room.
There was ma sitting on ... old Mr. Willians from next door.


      ;


      Ma seemed to be trying to ride the old goat to death. She was ridding him
in a frenzy of passion.


       Vi thought.


      Ever since they moved here she remember the old lecher leering at her.


      


      Vi let herself down and rushed silently to the back door... of the house.


       She remembered..


      Silently she got into the house and stole to the drawer where they kept
the camera. She tip toed to the door and opened it quietly. She set the camera
to a burst of shots and squeezed off the whole remaining 20 exposures. The noise
of the camera startled the two lovers. They jumped up, turned to the source, all
the while  they sought to hide themselves.


      Vi, her evidence now in her hands, knew what to do. She ran like hell,
down the hall and out the door to the safety of the mall. Once safely there she
sought out Glen, the nerd.


      She knew he had a computer and could view the results on her camera disk.
Just a little persuasion and she could have him eating out of her hand.


      He was in the magazine rack, as usual, reading the mags. Nothing else for
him to do... He never had a pussy since pussy had him.


      She slipped up to him and rubbed her left tit on his right elbow.


      In her sexiest voice she said.... "Glennn could you help me???" A firm rub
to the fore arm, "I need you to show me how to...";


(I bet Eve used a similar line...)


      The teen boy was flustered beyond his wildest dream. Here was Violet
Campbell, the girl of his dreams, rubbing her.... He must be dreaming..


      "Vi... I I mean I wo.. what  I..." he stammered.


      Her lure taken, Violet grabbed Glens arm tight and lead him, now like the
poor captive fish he was, out of the store to his wreck of a car.


      She dragged herself over the shift lever, to keep tit to arm contact with
her 'boyfriend'. (Don't they all ways do that guys. Especially when they want
something??)


      Glenn could not believe his good fortune. He would wake up any time now
and find out he was in english lit or some other dumb place. Ah well he decided



      "Let's go!" Vi demanded. "Come on dummy... Er .. Uh ..Take me to your
house."


      "W... whe.. where do you want to go...?? " Glen blurted out and he could
not believe his ears..


      "Your place... Hurry up... we have to get to your.. room" she demanded
with a firm rub of nipple to elbow. (All right it was through the bra, but it
was the closest this nerd had gotten to second base in his short life...)


      "MMM My...roommmm" Glen said as he fumbled with the keys.  He coaxed the engine on and pealed out of the open parking lot in a
cloud of burning rubber, and blue smoke.


      He drove erratically all the way to his house and as she kept hold of his
right arm, let her come in with him. Quietly he snuck her, by his mom who was
watching her soaps, to his room.


       Vi thought; but the computer with
the latest pirated software was there. She picked up some skuzzy shorts from the
bed with two fingers, and dropped them on the floor. Then she sat her cute
little ass on the edge of the bed and crossed her legs. (She made sure she was
facing him his wide eyes at that very moment.)


      Making sure that lots of thigh was showing. She bent forward and handed
the stupefied boy the disk she had removed from the camera.


      "GLENNN I need to see the images I got on this disk... Please...I'd be
ever soo grateful... Please..." Vi seemed to beg.


      Glen could not believe his eyes... He had Violet in his room .... on his
bed... Jimmy would just... ;


      "Sure thing I can get you what you want.? 


      He took the disk and started up his computer. In no time at all he had
them viewing the blurry distorted images that Violet had taken of  her mother
and her lover,  .


      "Shit" she said.  She started to get up off
the bed. She was going to leave but Glen, now desperate, to keep her said,


      "We could... enhance the images if you want."


      


      He pushed the image resolution and the dip's to the limit and after 20
minutes work he had a recognizable rendition of Mrs. Campbell's face over a
white male body. There they had two blurry white form coming off the bed and a
succession of attempts to hide from the lens.


      "Where did you get these..." Glen asked his new 'girl friend'...


      "Never mind that. Can you get me a better copy of her face there?" Vi
asked.


      "Sure." Glenn said and pushed the print button.


      After inspecting it she said, "Not bad now give me an envelope and some
more of that paper.";


      Glen quickly complied and she got up to leave. His heart was breaking and
his face showed it.



      Ever the fixer, Vi stepped into the boy and kissed him, like he had only
dreamed of before. She rubbed, tit to chest, and even opened her mouth.


      Glen (never a cool dude) came in his pants.


      "Now I have to go and do some things. You stay here and see if you can get
me some better results off the other ones on the disk. I'll call you ....later
...." (That promise of hope.... )


      Glen stood there, dripping, and watched her leave. Her lingering perfume
convinced him she really had been there. That and the disk.


      


      Vi went directly to the mall and found a pay phone. She called her home
and waited through the phone message.


      Then she demanded, "Mother you better pick up YOU WHORE. You pick up or
I'm going to send these pictures to Dad's office and you'll be the sorriest
bitch their ever was..."


      "Violet I am your mother." came the voice from the phone, "Where are you?
We have to talk... about this...";


      "Listen and listen good WHORE!! I'm at the mall and you better get here
quick.. Bring you purse, I kneed some things and don't bring your stud.. I'll be
waiting at the dress shop.. Oh yea wear the my short sun dress of mine and get
here in 5 minutes..";


      Her mother's outrage and comments were cutoff as she then hung up the
phone.


      She waited there in the air conditioned climate and rehersed for the

coming confrontation. Soon she saw her mother rushing through the shoppers, and
she was wearing the short see through dress.


      Now Vi knew she had her. She had the envelope all ready to go to her dads
office. She had even bought a stamp for it but she had left it unsealed. She had
gone over, in her mind, the scene where she got her dopey mother by the short
hairs.... She was ready..


      When her mother approached her, she took up a position by the mail box.


      "I think I need some new things. What do you think.." Vi demanded.


      "Now look here young lady..";


      "No you look here." she said drawing the image of Olive's face from the
other blank pages. "Wanna see the BITCH with her sire?? Wann see them screwing??
How bout I send up to dads office? Bet his secretary would have copies all over
the office in no time.."


      Olive turned white... "Pl...Please don't show them around. I'll never.. I
mean... Don't mail them I... I'll do anything... I'm your mother...";



      "You will do whatever turns me on won't you mother dear?" Vi demanded of
the beaten woman..


      "Yes dear... Whatever you say... Now please give me the envelope." Olive
begged with a low voice. She hoped to get the pictures and then make it up to
Violet somehow. Quietly someplace less public.


      "I think you are over dressed. That bra will stretch my dress go over to
the rest room and take it off.... NOW BITCH. Vi demanded of her mother.


      Olive sought to please her bitch daughter and went to the ladies and
removed her bra in a stall. She tucked it into her large bag. When she pulled
the tight dress down over her hips and walked out of the stall. She saw that
every curve of her pendulous breasts were clearly visible through the shear sun
dress. She wanted to go back and tuck them safely back inside her bra but she
feared that Violet would do something impulsive so she went out into the mall.
Better to endure this for now. Then once she got hold of the pictures she

would show that little bitch.


      Violet smiled at the quivering mammarys of her parent. 


      "OK Ma lets go get me some tight jeans and some .... well don't look so
glum. We are here to shop aren't we...??" Vi demanded all the time waving the
stamped envelope.


      Vi lead her through every store in the mall and bought many outrageously
expensive things. As they placed their things in the car Vi demanded the keys to
the car.


      "I'll drive NOW!"


      Olive acquiesced and went meekly to the passenger seat. Relieved to be out
of  the public eye. 


      Vi reached among her purchases and found what she needed. She walked to
the passenger door and opened it. The shiny chrome circles in her hand behind
her back.


      Olive turned to her and asked, "I thought you wanted to drive?"


      "Give me back my dress WHORE...Now. You are stretching it all out of
shape."


      "Vi please" Olive begged but she saw the stubborn streak in her daughter
eyes. "You told me to wear it. Besides someone might see me.."


      "From now on you call me MISTRESS. Now get that dress off and be quick
about it. As for your modesty tell me about it in these pictures..


      Self continuously Olive looked around and, seeing no one, she slipped the
dress over her head and covered her breasts with it and her hands. She looked up
pleadingly at her, now controling off spring.


      Violet snapped the chrome cuff on her right wrist and forced her over and
down on her belly on the seat twisting the right hand up behind her back.


      "Mother you fight me in this and I'll scream. Then when someone comes,
I'll say you were trying to do some perv things with me. Now give me your other
hand and no more shit. WHORE!!";


      In horror, the nude Olive, surrendered her left hand to Vi and felt the
metal snap shut. She thought those cuffs were just decorative. Part of the punk
look but they sure felt real now.


      Flushed with success Vi made short work of her mother's panties and the
sun dress. They soon joined the purchases in the trunk.


      Then she grabbed her mother's hair and dragged the helpless nude out of
the front seat.


      "I should just leave you here to get home by your self..." Vi speculated..
as she dragged the nude to the rear door of the car.


      She threw Olive in the rear seat floor and then demanded,


      "Crotch down there and maybe I won't show your fat ass all over town....
If you are good.... Real good";


      Violet went around the car, and looked into the rear floor. There her nude
parent was huddled hoping that she could get out of this experience with out
being arrested or exposed to the world.


      "I for got something I need. I'll just take your purse and go get them..
No Mother don't get up. I can see you are better off there. Now don't you go
away. I'll be right back.." Vi commented as she want back to the mall.



      Olive was scared out of her mind... Huddled in the rear seat of her car.
NUDE!! IN HANDCUFFS!! Totally at the mercy of her daughter...


      She heard people moving around her. Cars came and went but she sat huddled
there on the floor, praying that no one came there and found her in her current
state.


       she thought.


      Then she heard another set of approaching foot steps. This time they did
not veer off to another direction. The came right up to the car and.. it sounded
like two sets of feet. 


      Olive's heart was in her throat. She crouched down as far as she could.
She tried to make her self as small as possible.


      Then the door opened behind her and Violets voice said,


      "See Lonia I told you she would be right here just waiting for us."





                               Mother's Owner # 2
                                    by Paladin


     "Cool", a female voice said behind Olives back. She was mortified. Her
daughter had....


      Their was a rustling of paper and Olive felt her hair being grabbed
causing her head to unwind from the tight ball she had assumed when she heard
the them approached the car.


      A flash of chrome streaked by her eyes and she fled a cold constriction at
her throat. Breathing became hard as the dog choke chain cut off her air supply
causing her to lift her head, further and further from the 'protection' of the
ball.


      She heard,


      SNAP


      Then she looked up to see that Violet had a leash extending through her
field of vision disappearing under her chin. She looked over and saw the other
teen. This was the girl, her daughter had told here of. The girl was a 'sadistic
little dike'. Vi's words not hers.


Lona was tall, thin and with a pixie cut head of black hair. The dark piercing
eyes added to the overall sinister effect of the all black attire she wore.


      The steady pull to her throat, caused her to come up from her desired
position, out of sight, on the floor, curled into a small ball of white female
flesh. More and more of her nudity came into the view of the obviously delighted
new teen. With a sparkle in her eyes the teen reached out her slim right hand.


      "Nice tits! I like up big like this!", Lonia said as she took a hand full
of the quivering right mammary. "Boy am I going to have fun with these. Bet you
really sucked on these." She said as she half turned to Vi.


      "Now Mrs. Campbell... Oh that sounds so formal when I have your tit in my
hand. Let's see...I'll call you Oli.... No I think I'll call you 'O' just like
in that book. Don't you think that would be better."  the new teen asked as she
squeezed and gave a slight twist to the mammary in her control.


      "OOOO Please that hurts.. OOOOO Stop it ....I...."  Olive began to protest
but the girls expression soured and she twisted the flesh harder. From her
position above and behind the woman the teen had all the leverage.


      "Listen bitch... Vi told me all about your hot little cunt. She even
showed me the pic's of you and your fuck. Kind o' old fart but who am I to
judge. Was he a good fuck??  You want to argue on anything, and we will just tie
this leash to that pole and drive off. Then you can fuck your way home.... You
understand ME! " Lonia told the cringing woman. "Now shut up and do what I tell
you O."


      With her hands cuffed behind her, nude and a choke collar on her neck
Olive had nothing to say. She looked up over he shoulder, for compassion into
the smiling faces or the two young females. She saw only delight and wonder.


      They looked over their new possession and it boggled their minds. Here was
a nude adult woman at their disposal. She was theirs!! If she so much as balked
they could just tie her to a support column and leave her. She would suffer
social ostracism, and they could not be brought to any accountability.


      If she went along, ... she was theirs forever. Oh what fun they were going
to have with her!!


      "Now is O all right with you?" Lonia turned and asked Vi keeping control
of the now twisted tit.


      "I think it is great. Compact and it tells her just what she is. Just like
in the book. A sex slave..." Vi expressed her opinion. "You do understand that,
don't you M... O."


      "From now on you are 'O,' and I and she are your Mistresses. You will not
speak till you are given permission and you will do what we order without
hesitation. You got that bitch."  Lonia demanded from her overseer position.


      "Yes... Mistress" Olive answered miserably to a tug of the choke chain to
her delicate throat and the further squeeze of her already hurting right
mammary.


      "I know just the place we can take her for the night." Lonia said, "But
first we have to get her 'comfortable.' Come on bitch it is a long ride. First
get out of the car.."


      The steady pressure to the choke collar and the command left her no
choice. She reluctantly uncoiled and crawled out of the back seat of the 'safe'
car floor to the seemingly cold damp air of the parking garage. Lonia let go of
the tit during her rise but ran her hands over the smooth white ass of her new
girl toy.


      Once outside she tried to crouch down and hide behind the car's metal.
Lonia used the crotch to again get in a lot of skin contact.


      "Please...Mistress... Someone mi...OOOO"  Olives exclaimed as her right
tit was hit with the slack part of the vinyl leash. Vi wasn't going to let her
get away with any break in the rules.


      "Dumb bitch O. You are not to speak. You are to ask permission first.
Then, if we allow it, you can speak. If not you shut your face. You ask
permission by saying,  'Can your cunt slave O please speak MISTRESS?' And no you
can not. I don't care if someone sees you. You are just a bitch... So it is up
to us who we show you to... You got that??" Lonia demanded. Violet burst out
laughing and Olive, with a sore left tit, miserably hung her head in the imposed
silence and tried to hide behind the girls and the car.


      "Now where we are going is a ways and I do not want my bitch to be
uncomfortable, so you just squat there and pee for us."  Lonia ordered the
cringing woman.


      "TOO MUCH...." Vi exclaimed with glee...


       Olive was stunned... and
froze. She could only looked up at the girls and shake her head slowly from side
to side.


      Then a viscous snap of the leash across her unprotected nipples convinced
her that this girl was serious. The sight of the arm raised again for another
stroke caused her to squat slightly and spread her feet wide apart. She strained
to open her little sphincter muscle to obey the horrible command. Her nipples
were stinging.. 


      "In the future, if you cause us to have to correct your sorry ass, when
you finally agree, we will do all over again after you do what is required. That
will be to convince you that you abstinence will only cause you more pain.
You'll learn quicker that way."


      Olive was having a tough time of completing the required task. She had
never been required to... do such a thing in her life, and before two other
women..


      (Peeing on command is never easy.)


      "Hurry up bitch O we haven't got all day." Vi demanded with a snicker. "O
here comes that old Mrs. Stevens you hate soo. You don't hurry... Boy what an
eye full she will get..."


      Panic overcame poor Olive... 


      SPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP


      Olive did the humiliating task, her young keepers had ordered. Sheepishly
she looked up for approval and saw her daughter Vi had recorded her humiliation
with their home video camera.


      "I'll get Chad to make me some stills of this. Why we can place um in the
old family album O. Won't that be gas!! I bet Grandma will love um" Vi smiled.


      "OKKKK Now we can..." Lonia started.


      "No!!  She has to wipe up first. I don't want any stinky cunt dribble in
my nice car." Vi demanded as she put down the video camera.


      "What do you want to do.. should we take her into the mall and get her
some paper?" Lonie retorted.


       Olive hopped. Her panic was intense. She would

just....


      "NA let me go get a rag from the trunk." Vi answered handing the leash to
Lonie.


      Soon she returned with the white panties she had removed from her mother
earlier.


      Vi ordered, "Spread them legs O. Then we can go. Unless you want to stand
around here and give beaver shots of that ugly cunt to all the boys."


      With mixed feelings Olive spread her legs to keep her daughter happy and
then the cotton was run through her crack. Back and forth it was rubbed by her
own daughter. The friction caused her little nub to heat up...


      "Would you look at that... This cunt is insatiable..." Lonia said
observing the stiffning  nipples whick O could not hide..


      "Ya and she loves those dicks too." Vi answered as she threw the now
soiled panties on the floor of the garage. "Wanna wait to see what happens when
one comes along?"


      "Wait a minute. That is littering. Pick them up. I've got a use for them."
Lonia demanded.


      Vi reached down and picked up the soiled white garment with two fingers.
She held them at arms length to her friend.


      Lonia took them and went to the passenger side of the car. She placed them
on the floor after she had opened the door.


      "O I want you to kneel right there on that spot. Like a good bitch.."
Lonia ordered.


      Olive did as ordered by the young woman. She was happy to be inside the
relative protection of the car. She looked up and saw Lonia was unbuttoning her
jeans.


      She was curious when the girl removed her jeans and panties and got into
the passenger seat and spread her legs to encompass the cringing nude woman's
head.


      "O look at the nice pussy you are going to eat. Get in there right now and
get it fresh...  I said get in there bitch or do I have to take you out again
and play slap the nips?"


      Olive was flabbergasted. When Lonia scooted over her head, she had
attempted to get as far away from the girls sex as she could, given the confines
of the car dash. 


      "O come on get right in there... You know what to do... I don't have to
tell you... You may not have done it before but you know what you'd like.."
Lonia ordered.


      O laid her face into the smelly dark haired secrete place of the girl. She
was horrified. 


      "I got it all hot and bothered just for you. Why I even let it go this
morning. I knew I'd run into an up tight bitch like you. Now you get right in
there slurp up the goodies...."


      The girls legs were draped over O's shoulders and her hair was pulled back
to cause her face to come right up into the smelly black hair.


      "Lonia...." Vi said.


      "Hunch.... Oh yea... for the album." Lonia said as she twisted O's hair
causing her to pier up from the hated sex to the all seeing eye of Vi's camera..




                               Mother's Owner # 3
                                    by Paladin


      Olive hopped the damn camera melted. She could not imagine a worse
position to be pictured in. Nude between a girls legs with her face in the girls
pubs.


      "Stick out your tongue O. Where are your manners. I give you something soo
good to lick and you just sit there. I... I won't have it.. Let me see last time
it took one to the nips, and that  means that this time it is two.. Unless...."
Lonia related.


      O's nipples screamed their silent protest. They could not take any more. O
bent her head down. Unfurled her delicate pink organ and began to lick the
smelly crack before her. Anything was better than that lash to her throbbing
nips.


      "O that is better. I know you love it.. Now keep your tongue out for the
video." Lonia said with glee as she wrenched the woman's face up and to the 
vision of the camera's lens.


      "Ain't that a pretty picture... Cunt Licker O. We'll title this scene.
Smile pretty O. Such a good slut..."


      Olive looked up and reluctantly smiled at the video camera in her
daughters hands. (What choice did she have.) She kept her tongue out.


      "Wiggle it for me O!!  Better do a good job. Or Lornia do your nips.
Wiggle it you old whore. Get all that tasty stuff slurped right up."  Vi
demanded.


      After an couple of minutes, that seemed like hours, of humiliation and
tongue waging, Olive was allowed to lower her head to Lonias crack. Vi closed up
the camera and put it away. She walked around and  opened the car door.


      "I think that will make a real nice video for our marketing campaign

for the bitch." Lonia speculated to a smiling Vi.


      Vi got into the car and raced the motor. Lonia took her discarded jeans
and covered her lickers head with the rough blue cloth as the car weaved a
complicated pattern to the mall parking garages exit booth.


      At toll booth, Olive heard the toll taker's banter with the girls. Seems
the girls had to search for the validation from a store to cover the parking
fee. Olive prayed that he would not while they were stopped, notice her presence
in this degrading position. A tug to her ear let her know that Lonia had not
forgotten her. She went on licked the stinky hole and crack. She hoped for some
relief.


      After many minutes seeking the girls found the receipt and the car's
engine roared again to life. It squealed into a sharp right turn onto the exit
ramp and out of the mall parking lot. O could sense the bright sun light
unhindered by the garage roof. They were on the road..


      "That was not nice O. You deliberately stopped while you thought I was
busy. We'll see to that when we get you.... where we are going."


  


      Lonia pulled up the covering jeans from her head. Olive saw the light of
day from her position on the car floor. Her hope of an end to this was again
dashed as Lonia demanded,


      "Enough of this lolly gagging O. Lick my crack. You could earn some

more licks for your uninspired performance. You should be happy to be doing your
initial cunumglius on a sweet pussy like mine. You could hurt my feelings. YOU
DON'T WANT TO HURT MY FEELINGS... I could probably get you an old nanny goat to
practice on... The video 'd be killer.."


      "Don't you dare slack off O. I think we are up to... well I'll think of
something to cure you of your 'attitude.' Turn here and get on that one." Lonia
directed Vi to the freeway access road that lead out of town as easily as she
did her captive's tongue.


      The car lurched and Olive felt like a sardine squashed between the girls
legs. She was hunched over her tormentors sex hoping for an end to all this.


      


      "For christ sakes, Vi. Slow down. You want a cop to stop us. Ma here would
make an interesting diversion to a ticket but that only works once. And it would
spoil all our fun. What I have mind.. well .. will be really.. killer." Lonia
requested.


     "Shit you are just a back seat driver like she is. OK I'll drive slow but
where the fuck is this... place.." Vi asked.  "The end of the fucking earth?" 
Vi answered her accomplice.


      After a bit Lonia ordered  "Left here... Now left and there it is here on
the right. Down the drive to the back. We don't want the police seeing us and
asking questions about our bitch here. Do we? Now park back here.. Good! O
you're in your new home..."


      Olive hoped that she would be taken to Lonia's house and after a while,
surely when the parents came home, set free. This was not Lonias house she knew
now. She looked up and tried to make out where she was.


      Lonia yanked her head up by her hair and proceeded to take her vision by
the application of cotton pads over her eyes and put some duck tape over them,
to hold them in place.


      "Be a good bitch. You have some stripes coming. Don't make it more by
pissing me off." Lonia explained as she fixed the blindfold. "You did not even
get me hot... Well I'll bet next time you do you best. I have just the think for
a reluctant cunt eaters like you.."


      Olive heard both car doors open. Then she felt the girls legs lift up and
shift over her head. The seat in front of her groaned from the bony asses
removal from it. A tug on the chain at her throat and the command,


     "Come on you old bitch. Let's get you all settled in your new home..."


      Informed her that she was somewhere other than Lonia's parents home. With
no little difficulty she was extracted from the car and lead, stiff legged,
across a grassy field. The sun on her uncovered body informed her she was
outside somewhere..


      


      "Damn!" Lonia said, "Here hold her leash while I go get my jeans. I left
the key back there."


      "You better put them on too. You might scare the neighbors with all this
pussy showing. That black bush of yours is soo thick." Vi said.


      Olive felt the hand of her daughter playing over her unprotected body.


      "Just think O!! I own this now... It is all mine." Vi informed her. Then
the hand explored into the privates of the woman. "Why you horny bitch... You
really are a nympho or something else.."


      A pair of feet returning informed Olive the other girl was back. She could
only stand there nude and blind, awaiting her fate.


      The warmth of the sun on her now reddening skin left no doubt she was
outside somewhere. Trust up and enslaved to the girls.


      "Vi please Vi... This has gone far enough... You have to let me go...
Violet I am your mother.." Olive tried to appeal to her punk offspring.


      "Na you are just some bitch, lives with us, screws dad when he comes home
and then goes sniffing around every dick in the hood." Vi retorted to her
mother, "I know.... I know cause that is me too... Only dad won't pork me... and
I think old Mr. Williams is a disgusting perv. Why did you know he use to give
me ice cream just to look down my dress. What a perv.. '


      Olive felt the wet hand on her left breast, and then Vi went on, "So from
now on I call the tune and you dance to it. If that old fart Willians want a
piece of these," the hand moved down over her belly and cupped her mons, "or to
ride this," a stab of a finger in her crack, " he is going to pay me. Just think
of it as my after school job. I'm going to pimp my own hot pants mother's ass.
If the perv won't pay.. then their are lots of our friends who have long hard
dicks and they will fit here just fine. They come faster and they come back
quicker. Ya you'll love um, and make me a fortune. Think of it like a college
fund."


      Olive was horrified. She heard the approach of the other girl and knew
argument had been futile now. She stayed quiet from now on...


      


      "Not much further O... Turn right here..." Lonia ordered after leading
them a short distance. She purposely spun Olive in a circle to confuse her
orientation.


      Then Olive heard a chain being drawn through something metal and the
creaking of a gate opening. She was directed through a dusty expanse. Then after
being again spun around again she was lead left and then right. She lost all
track of directions during  the twists and turns.


      "What is this place anyway??" Vi asked Lonia.


      "My last step ma wanted to raise pups. This is her puppy mill. She use to
bread the bitches and let um come to term out here. Couldn't do this close to
any neighbors. Too much noise so she bought way out here." Lonia explained.
"Great for this kind of thing... ain't it."


      "What's that thing there?" Vi asked


      "I made it when I had that run in with Carol. After a little time with me
and that, Carol became a my devoted servant. You saw her in school. Why she was
well broken in in no time. Here help me get this bitch ready. Back her up to
here."


      Olive was backed up to something metallic that contacted her legs just
under her ass cheeks. It was cold, solid, and round like a pipe.


      Two pairs of hands forced her back over the pipe and then lowered her till
her legs were the high point of her body. Each ankle was secured to something
about three feet higher than her ass and a full 6 feet apart.


      Olive was horrified and panaced.


      "Please p... Please I what are you doing to me.... I... Please...." she
complained and tried to persuade them to let her go.


      With her hands cuffed behind it was no contest. She found her self
positioned like an inverted letter 'Y'. Then the blindfold was removed and she

saw the world up side down. Their were a long row of metal cages set in concrete
walls. At the end of the row was a concrete fence.


      She looked up the two pairs of legs and then piered past her pubic bone to
see her open crack and the two girls looking down inside her.


      "Please let me down I... I'll be good... I promise I'll..."


      "O I told you to shut the fuck up till I gave you permission to talk. Then
too you were slow to lick my twat... OK now you've done it. You really piss me
off so now you are going to get it. I'll just see.... Where did I put that
shit..." Lonia informed the helpless inverted captive.


Lonia looked into a couple of indentations in the wall and finally she found the
little red bottle she was seeking.


      She shook it and piered into the dark interior of the glass. She went over
to a wall tap and added a small amount of water to the bottle. She again shook
it with the added liquid.


      "Shit is really dried out. Hope I didn't dilute it too much. I know it
worked like a charm on Carol when I bought it last winter or so." Lonia
explained as she advanced on poor Olives privates shaking the bottle vigorously.


      "What is that shit?" Vi demanded.


      Lonia showed  her what was left of the lable, and Vi commenced to
giggling.


      "You are going to use.." Vi began but Loria covered her mouth so that
Olive did not make out what the 'shit' was.


      Olive looked up pleadingly at the giggling girls but Lonia shook the
bottle and carefully dropped two droups of the liquid on Olives small pink love
button.


      Nothing happened for a second and Lonia started to direct the bottle over
the target again.


      Suddenly **FLAMES*** seemed to erupt on Olives poor little sex bud.


      She thought she would lose her mind... She commenced to screaming and
attempting to get her teathered hands to rub the affected area...


      Lonia took Violet around the isle in the cages. Once they had left the
area of noise they began,


      "Shit really gets to um. Don't it. Lets go look over your new stuff while
she comes to term with it."  Lonia decided.


      "What in that shit... Here let me see the bottle... (HOT SAUCE was still
readable after it's time outdoors.) That really all it is?" Vi exclaimed. "From
the reaction you got, it couldn't have been better if we set fire to her little
thing."


      "Yep... I give her another ten or so minutes and she will be eating pussy
with the best of um." Lonia explained. "Let's go see that new punk outfit you
bought."


      The girls went to the car and looked over the new purchases. Then they
returned to the suffering older woman. She was totally out of it.




                               Mother's Owner # 4
                                    by Paladin


      When the girls returned they found poor Olive still up side down with her
legs still attached to the upright poles. She had screamed herself horse and
just moaned a little. Her face was covered with tears from her eyes onto her
forehead and into her hair.


      The girls advanced up to the captive's wide open sex. Her little love bud
was an angry red color. It was probably hot to the touch. They looked over the
spread open legs and Vi observed,


      "I bet she didn't even feel that. Let's use the rest of the bottle this
time.. She has all ways been an obstinate bitch at hom.."


      "NO NO OH GOD NO PLEASE PLEASE MISTRESSES I WIL... I AM YOUR
SERVEN...SLAVE... DON'T DO IT ANYMORE YOU'LL KILL ME... PLEASE.." Olive babbled
on and on pleading with her new owners..


      Vi picked up the bottle from the concrete shelf and shaking it ominously
she offered...


      "Well I don't know... I mean we have a lot left. How bout we just pore a
little inside that hot shit cunt of yours. Sort of burn out the..."


      "NO NO PLease I will do anything you want... If you kill me I can not
amuse you.. or make money for you... Please..." Olive begged.


      Olive was still in horrible pain. For now the girls were her masters. She
would do... ANYTHING!!! to please the little bitches.


      "Well you have to be real good.. and lick Lonia ever so nice. And then
well , we will think of something... You understand O." Vi demanded at the open
slit before her still shaking the small red bottle over the red irritated clit.


      "YES MISTRESS I WILL DO IT. I WILL DO ANYTHING YOU WANT ME TO DO.. PLEASE
DON'T HURT ME...." O begged the legs of her captors..


      Lonia squatted down and placed her slit over the now very humble slave's
face.


      "Do me again and this time I want a whole lot of tongue... In fact why not
start this time in the back door..." she ordered.


      Olive blanched and thought she might die, but the application of more of
the stuff from the bottle, she knew, would surely kill her.


      O stuck out her tongue and began lapping the vile place indicated .. She
tasted the putrid remnants of the previous expellation and her stomach growled.
She fought to hold it down and kept from up-chucking what little was in her
stomach.


      "Now go round and round there till it gets nice and loose. Then I want a
stiff tongue up inside..... Come on come on... Or do I have to pore some of this
shit in here." Lonia demanded as she fingered O's open vagina. "Bet the whole
bottle wouldn't even fill up this gaping hole.. But might just burn it all out."


      O strained her stomach muscles. With great effort she managed to bring her
face into total contact with the damp smelly crack. She moved her neck muscles
round and round, keeping her tongue in contact with the stinking brown rose.


      "I think she has got it...OOOO God that is nice. Nothing is better 'n
this. Vi you just got to try it.. Come on the old bitch is really grooving on my
ass. Bet she would really do a number on yours..." Lonia observed with her eyes
all starry.


      As she fought to remove her tight jeans Vi offered,


      "Old bitch was all ways all over my ass... Do this. Do that.. Don't do...
You can't do... Now I think it will be cool to let her really get into my ass."


      O did not slack in her duties to Lonia. She fluttered her tongue bringing
Lonia off innumeral times. Then Lonia stepped back and she saw her half naked
daughter crouching down, mounting her greasy face recently vacated by the other
bitch.


      "Come on!! Come on!! You old bitch. You may have fooled Lonia but I know
you. I think you still need some of this shit in this gaping man hole here." Vi
demanded as she shook the bottle for O to hear and fingered her vagina. Vi left
no doubt in her parents mind.


      Olive quickly got her tongue doing whirls around her daughters little ass
hole. She fluttered. She lapped. Anything to placate the bitch... and change her
mind about poring that stuff in her...


      "O O O O I see what you mean..." Vi exclaimed. "This is better than ....
any of the studs I've had. Lonia I see why you go for the girls. Especially if
they all have tongues like this bitch."


      "Studs have their uses. When I'm in the mood, a long stiff one does hit
the spot. Then their are the times when only tongue is going to do it. Is it any
wonder that I swing both ways." Lonia observed...


      "Better than this!!!" Vi exclaimed.


      "You just been doing them stupid nerds. You kneed a horny jock, or two or
three. I remember the night I took on the basketball team. Only thing I didn't
do was cripple um. Should of though. They lost the next two games. Would have
pissed me off if I didn't get down on the other team at odds." Lonia informed
Vi.


      "You fucked the whole team??" Vi asked incredulously.


      "Yep all of um. Including the water boy... Then every time they got ahead
of the other team I'd flash um a little tit, or some pussy. They'd get all
fucked up." Lonia said proudly.


      "More tongue you lazy old bitch..... and you fucked um all again and
again?" Vi asked.


      "Na just that once, from then on I gave um blue balls." Lonia said.


      "OOOO O you are going to be such a good pussy lapper by Friday." Vi said
as she rose from her mother's face.


      "It is getting cold and dark. Lets put O away for the night and we can go
party now." Lonia informed Vi as she was releasing the captives left leg.


      Working together the girls soon had O freaded and they took her over to a
bottom cage. They forced her in head first and Lonia demanded,


      "Lub up the pretty little dicks. They're going to keep you warm tonight.
So be nice to them." Lonia informed O.


      O's eyes beheld, anchored to the wall, two huge dildows. They were each 9"
long and about 2" in diameter. She knew they would split her apart if she tried
to put them in her holes.


      "Don't want to grease um up, O? Want im nice and dry... Guess you just
love then dicks dry hugh?" Lonia said.


      No doubt remained. O did not want these in her but if they went in
DRY...... She quickly laved the bone hard projections. They were hard and cold.
They both had enormous heads which swelled from the curved tubes.


      "She ain't soo dumb. She is trying to lube um... Now try to get um, one at
a time in your mouth. Just to see how they will fit in the old cunt.." Vi
demanded.


       SMACK! A sting to her smooth
white ass convinced her to try. She had to try three different ways till she got
the position right so one went in her oral cavity and the other one did not put
out an eye.


      A hand gathered up her hair and another forced her mouth down on the
projection.


      One eyed she saw that her daughter had her ever present camera and this
too was recorded for the  family 'album'.


      "OK now come on out here and let's get you all comfy for tonight." Lonia
demanded jerking her by the hair out of the cage. They turned her around and
forced O to back into the cage.


      She shuttered when she felt the prods arrive at her precious grommets but
the girls did not let her balk. They forced her back and back till her ass
arrived at the base of the projections.


      O had never been soo stuffed. Her whole crotch felt near to busting wide

open. Then the choke chain secured her neck to the top of the cage insuring she
was not going to move from the prods. Her hands were released and flopped to the
floor of the cage uselessly.


      Her legs were chained to each side of the cage, keeping her spread open
for maximum penetration. Then the girls closed and locked the cage door.


      "Now you be a good bitch. You see how nice we are to you? We give you a
wonderful set of dicks to keep you amused and your hands so you can rub yourself
all night to keep warm. Come on Vi, I know O wants to be alone. The perv..."
Lonia ordered.


      "NO  NO Please dont leave me.... I'll be good I'll..." O pleaded.


      "Bad!!! Bad O!!" said Vi as she went over and got the dreaded red bottle.


      "NO NO Please not that I'll be good. I'll....AAAAHHAHAHAHHHH..." O said as
a small tickle of the reddish brown liquid worked its way from the top of the
cage, down between her smooth white moons of the slave. It flowed along the
grove to O's filled brown rose before she actually felt it. Then the burning
presence was now felt all along the path toward the second stuffed hole way..
some of it got inside and the rest worked its way down to the other secrete
grommet.


      "Come on she will learn to hold her tongue... someday. Or we can do her up
with a whole new bottle next time. Remind me to pick up some on the way back
tomorrow." Lonia said as the girls departed.


      Through her tears she saw the two girls leaving her. Trapped there in the
cage, naked and with the burning liquid eating her ass crack in a chemical fire.


She tried to bring her hands to rub the stuff off but they would not respond.


      Olive lapsed into a world of red burning flames in her mind. When she

again became aware or her surroundings she was freezing cold there in the dog
cage. She tried to explore the possibility of extracting herself from the prods.


      Short of strangling herself she could not get enough slack in the choke
chain. She tried to slide off the prods by bending double but she was not
dexterous enough.


       The emotions all flooded together and then she looked up
hopefully..


      "Please please help me... I ...." Olive pleaded as she sought to cover her
corpulent female appendages with her hands.


      The young girl cut her off immediately.


      "Didn't they tell you to shut up till someone talks to you. Where is that
stuff? This one needs a lot of it."  the little girl demanded.


       O thought. She reached up with her hands and
attempted to protect her mamorys from the new arrivals. As she was fixed in
place by the prods and the choke chain there was nothing else to do. Horrified
she waited in the imposed silence praying they did not fine the little red
bottle.


      "Old bitch ain't she?", the boy observed, "And she ain't so well trained
as the other one. Get your hands off them tits lady. Just let um hang right down
there. Why Molly here might want to suck um, if they is nice enough. You want ta
suck um Molly?" The boy called over his shoulder to the girl.


      Defeated O let her arms fall down to her side. As she looked up, she
observed with horror that the little girl had acquired the small red bottle. She
followed its every movement with her eyes. While she was distracted!


      She jumped, startled when a small dirty hand grabbed a fist full of her
left tit. She reached up to remove it when it twisted and the boys voice saying,


      "She's old enough to be mama, but she got nicer, bigger tits. Lookie here
Molly. They's plumb as big as you whole head." convinced her that it was futile.
She had to just stay still and maybe they would not use the little red bottle.


      "They are not... but they are a sight, ain't they.." The little girl said
reaching out to take possession of the dangling right fleshy globe. She still
retained the bottle with her right hand.


      The little hand grabbed the right orb and dug in with another set of
filthy fingers. They both twisted and weighed the breast meat and then the girl
observed,


      "Soft uns... Not like the puny little ones the other bitch had." I bet
they give a lot of milk when she is in season. Wonder if mine will ever be as
big and soft..."


      "Na you'll never get utters like these. You'll get little fired eggs like
ma's. This here is a growed up woman. I like her. Wonder if'n ma will let us
keep her?" The boy inquired. "Bet she'd fit right under my bed. The things we
could have her do..."


      "Ma'd tan our asses if she knowed we's fooling around here. Let's just do
something to her and leave." the little girl said holding the dreaded red bottle
up to the boy.


      "No no please I... I'll give you money or something...." Olive offered.


      "Don't see no money or nothing but these," the boy observed as he
continued to play with the fleshy orb. "I could take out my pocket knife and cut
um off. Yea!! That be something. Old Billy don't have no tits in his collection.
Just pictures..."


      He reached into his back pocket and produced a rusted old pocket knife. He
opened it and pushed it through the bars to acquire it for his collection. 


      Olive began screaming and pleading and trying to hold the boys knife hand
from it's intended task.


      Try as he might he could not position the desired flesh and knife where he
could lop it off... (Olive was being very uncorrupative.)


      "Molly help me hold her hands... I'll give you the left one.. if'n you
help." the boy promised.


      "I don't know... Fred." Molly commented but she grabbed Olives right hand
and managed to hold it out from the tussle. "She'll  bleed ever soo much and
then she won't be so nice to play with again. Besides Lonia will know it was us
and she will be so mad.. at us. We better not. Besides ma won't let us keep um
in the house. Remember that snake you done brought home?"


      "You girls always stick together... Never let a guy have any fun. Maybe
I'll just do a nip." Fred offered as he still tussled with Olives left hand for
the possession of the object of his desire. He wanted something for his
collection.


      "Why don't we just have her do you with her mouth, like the other one did.
Then we could go play down by the creek." Molly offered.


      "How we be sure she'd want to do me that away?" the boy inquired still
trying to position his knife for the flick that would give him a 'nip' for his
collection.


      "OH please let me do you..." Olive pleaded, "I'll be ever soo good to
you... I promise I'll..."


      "Well OK but she has to do you too Molly." Fred demanded, "So as you won't
tell on me to MA. She does us both or I'm going to fleck this thing off."


Fred had finally got the blade positioned just above the nipple. Olive froze
with fear. Any motion now might lose her her precious treasure. She looked up
pleading with the little girl for her precious nip.


      "Please I'll do you and her and any thing you say only Please don't..." O
pleaded with the youngster. She hoped the little girl would agree... She looked
up at the girl. It all depended on her..


      Oh well I guess... but none of your trying to feel my cookie while she
does me. You want to feel something you feel her's." Molly demanded. "You are
just too fresh with those fingers.. You might jurt little me and I don't want
to.... Now.."


      "Aw well OK.. but you got to take off that dress so I can see those little
nips of your's." Fred bargained. "It is soo cute when they get all stiff and you
go all... funny."


      "Sometimes I think you are just awful Fred. They ain't nothing but
nipples. Just like you got.." Molly explained but secretly glad he had

noticed.


      Fred stood up loosed his jeans and lowered them and his yellow stained
shorts. The smell from the unwashed child of nature would have turned O off in
ordinary circumstances, but one look at the rusty blade the boy had dropped by
her cage convinced her to do the boy and do him quick. She counted her
blessings.


      His little bud was hidden in the sparse forest of black hair. O, convinced
that she had to do it, reached right in there. No coyness no teasing now. It
might be misrepresented, she quickly manually guided the smelly one eyed slug to
her precious mouth. She was tempted to try hold it still with her teeth but
decided against it when the sun glinted off the blade.


      "Come on, come on, get that tongue in there a working." Fred ordered her.


       Olive wondered but she
slowly drew the tip of her tongue, across his odius little prick head. 


      "Molly get me my knife." Fred demanded.


      The girl came closer and retrieved the dreaded implement. She thrust it
through the cage bars and commenced to scraping it over the tender white tit
flesh of the sucking woman.


      "Maybe it wouldn't bleed soo much if we just took the nip." Molly
whispered into Olives right ear. Fred's organ began to stiffen at the sound of
that and Olives frantic tongueing..


      Olive commenced to Laval like her life depended on it. (Really the nipple
did.)


      "Now that is better... What the other one say that was... a dow job or
something." Fred observed as he stroked O's hair in appreciation of her
ministrations.


      "A blow job, silly." Molly said, "Only they don't blow ." she scraped the
blade a little deeper, "They suck... and then they drain these." the girl said
cradling her brothers lightly haired balls in her other small hand.


      "AAAA AH AHAhhh ahahahhhh" Fred murmured as his little white ass did a
staccato dance and then became still. "Molly you let them go!" Fred ordered when
his sense returned.


      "Was she good Fred?" Molly inquired still retaining possession of Fred's
jewels.


      "Better than the other one." Fred observed, now that he had a compairison. 
"Now let go and lets see her do you."


      "Aw do I have to. I mean I helped and that last one just wasn't what I
liked." Molly objected as she reluctantly let go of Fred's orbs.


      "Oh but this one is better and older. Probably more experienced." Fred
offered, "Ain't you bitch?"


Olive blanched....


      "I don't know... but she is positioned all wrong for doing girls." Molly
objected.


      O was at a loss as to what to say. She was 'experienced' with girls...
Well no but now she would lie to give them what they wanted.


      "Aw I can fix that. Help me turn the cage over." Fred said.


      A lot of tugging and heaving and finally the two industrious kids had O on
her back, facing the sky. Her tits puddled on her chest and her hairy twat was
still stuffed with the prods. Her ankles were still chained apart.


      Fred fiddled with the cage lock and got it opened. Molly reached for the
hem of her dress. Looking around to insure their were no strangers she finally
stood up straight and in one fluid motion lifted the cloth over her little head.
She had small immature nipples and no breast definition. She could be a boy for
all you could see above the waist.


      She looked around and assured herself that no one was there, except

Fred. Then she lowered her panties revealing a cute little cookie totally devoid
of hair. The small pink lips were soo small and the whole package was soo...
(Well you know!!)


      She looked over and exclaimed, "Fred you quit that... or  I'll tell MA."
As she observed her brother jacking his pud at the vision of child hood
innocence.


      "Quit what?" Fred asked innocently as his penis stood out straight from
its attaching point. (AW to be young and inexhaustible.) He quickly removed his
hand from its natural task.


      "You ain't getting any more for a long while.  You hurt me too much last
time. You told me you'd stop and you wouldn't..." Molly said squatting down and
backing into the cage. Her filthy feet came to rest beside Olives ears and the
small pussy descended.


      After last night Olive knew what was required. She used her fingers to
open the little clam like lips and commenced to laveling the little bud hidden
there in. It was soo small and the utheria was microscopic..


      Molly responded with the abandonment of youth. She wiggled and squirmed
her privates against the pleasuring tongue. She did not pay any attention to
Fred till she felt his hand grab her hair. Lost in her passion she did not say
anything but her mouth opened soundlessly.


      When she peered up at the small column of white flesh, its eye peered
right into her's. She opened her mouth further to object but Fred knew an
opportunity when he saw one and he took it.


      Stuck as she was, Molly could only squirm and suck.. soon the two merged
in her tiny belly and she commenced to coming and coming.


      She did not even stop when Fred lose his small (for it as his second in a
short time) load. She replaced his fleshy column with her thumb, like she had
years ago, as a child. It was better than Fred. This did not go down and taste
so cheesy.


      Fred stood back and marveled at how the female of the species could get
soo many cums from just a hole and some lips.... (Damn Women)


      Molly finally tired of the ministrations of Olives tongue. (Olive was
convinced that another minute and her precious pink organ would have fallen off.
The girl was insatiable!!)


      Molly waddled out of the cage and shouted at Fred,


      "YOU.... YOU Stink.... I hate you You.... You do that again and
I'll......"


      "AW you loved every drop of it and don't tell me different. Now help me
get this here cage back up right before Lonia or Ma comes and tans out hides."
Fred demanded.


      It seemed it took greater effort to right the cage but maybe it was that
the kids were tired out from O's ministrations. Finally when they got things
positioned like they felt it had been they turned to leave.


      "Please please." O began,&quot;Tell you mother to come rescue me. I'll
giv..."


      "Not hardly," Fred said. "She liked ta wore out her belt on us last time
when she found us when that other gal Carol. No we won't tell and if'n you know
what is good for you, you'll keep your mouth shut bout us being here. Else wise
next time I'll bring daddy's hedge clippers. Be real easy to snip off one of
them there tits for sure..."


      "Why is it all you think about is our breasts?" Molly asked.


      "What else she got. A stinky hole and some hair... Na these is what a guy
wants to have for his own." Fred observed as he stuck his hand inside the cage
for a final feel of the desired soft white tit flesh.


      The kids seemed to lose interest as they disappeared down the row of cages
from which they had come. This left Olive with a horrible taste in her mouth and
the stuffed feeling in her gut. The sun rose and rose till it was beyond noon.


      O was now dying for a drink of water and very hungry. She waited alone
with the flys and gnats causing her no end of torment. She decided for the 10th
or was it the 20th time to exercise her clit.. She should do something else but
their was nothing to do and the didlows kept her mind centered in her belly. She
reached up to start...


      She was almost there when she heard approaching footsteps....




                               Mother's Owner # 6
                                    by Paladin


      "Well look at the old whore.... Don't let us interrupt you and your
degenerate doings. Go on rub it till you get it all out of your system." Lonia
demanded. "Bitch is insatiable. Must be where you get them nympho trends."


      O ceased, embarrassed, when she saw her two owners approaching. Her hand
froze in mid rub. Now she dropped her hands to the cage floor to take the strain
of the chain off her neck. She looked up pleading them for release.


     "Bad O I told you to go on and do your thing... Now you better do it and be
quick about it. I want to see my little whore O come on command." Lonia reached
into a plastic bag and pulled out a crumpled up joint. She lit it with a butane
lighter. Then she brought the lighter to the bars and trusted it into the cage.


      "Wanna play 'Joan of Arc', bitch? You can be the main character." Lonia
inquired waving the small flame to and fro outside the bars below her helpless
captive.


      Shuttering O quickly resumed her masturbation. 


      "What do you mean 'nympho trends'" Vi started. "I mean their was only....
what... three guys last night and you said you did the whole team, You
'Nympho'!"


      "Relax lover," Lonia demanded after exhaling the potent vapors, "Here take
a hit and watch the bitch do her thing for us." Lonia then held out the
odoriferous stick to Vi.


      "Yeah that was some good shit you scored last night. This from the same
batch?" Vi inquired as she took the burning ember and drew its smoke deep into
her lungs.


      "Come on come on bitch. Do the dirty for us, or little Lonia burn." Lonia
demanded as she again stuck the lighter higher into the cage, closer to the
captives dangling tits.


      O knew the bitch would burn her if she did not go on. A day before to do
this would have been unthinkable before two sets of young female eyes. Now she
arched up as best she could and began where she had left off only this time she
worked frantically.


      "Not bad not bad. Now get into it more for us.... come on you know how
it's done... hump them prods. Boy what a stupid bitch. We give her an audience
and she just ...." Lonia berated O's performance.


      "Come on you old bitch. Hump them things like the pictures show of you
with that horny old perv from next door." Vi demanded from her position on the
other side of  the cage. She reached in with the funny cigarette and made a game
of poking it almost into the swaying left mammary much to O's horror.


      "Hay cut that shit out.. That shit is expensive. Use the lighter to warm
her up if you want to, but give me the weed." Lonia demanded.


      O was humping for all she was worth and then some. She hoped that the
girls would be satisfied if she came for them, but they were not. The made her
exert herself to greater and greater numbers of cums. Finally she couldn't go on
she stopped and just stood still sweating and panting.


      "Not bad... O. Now look what we went out and bought for you last night!"
Lonia said as she extinguished the nub of the joint on a cage bar. She upended
the bag and a variety or stuff fell out.


      Their seemed to be a jumble of things inside it. Some of her largest ear
rings, some hand cuffs, some key rings, a set of funny pliers (O had seen these
before but she could not remember where) some lengths of chain, a small lock
with a long loop, Some other stuff and most devastating of all, a large new
bottle of the 'Hot Sauce' she dreaded. Her whole contiousness focused on that
bottle.


      Vi undid the choke chain and demanded.. "Hands back here.. O."


      O surrender her hands behind her to her daughter. She felt the metal close
around her wrists as the handcuffs trapped her arms behind her. Then the chain
on her legs was opened by Vi and she was made to crawl out of the cage.


      O's stomach cramped at the loss of the filling prods that seemed to have
taken up permanent residence in her. Once outside the choke chain was again
attached to a leash.


      "Wait a minute.. Get her back in there. She has  to clean those dummies.
No telling what she did on um. I might want to use um on some nice young virgin
to break her in and I want um all nice and clean." Lonia demanded.


      Vi pulled the leash and O crawled back inside the cage, this time face
first, to cleanse the prods. They smelled like.... well it was only her own
waste products... And then too she had no choice...so she unfurled her tongue
and did the cleansing required with her mouth and tongue to her owners
satisfaction.


      Once she was done with the cage cleaning, she turned to see that Lonia had
stripped off her jeans and donned a huge strap on dildo. It was long... and
thick... and covered with vein like projections... and the head was shaped like
a small baby's fist.


      "Look what a treat little Lonia has for you, you old perv, and you thought
we didn't care. Come on over here and slick it down for me." Lonia demanded as
she balanced the projection at her crotch one handed like little Fred had done
with his minuscule pud this morning.


      O stared and tried to avoid any close contact with the horrific member.
They couldn't..... they wouldn't..... th...


      Vi said "Horny old bitch like my mother probably wants it up there dry.
She is after every inch she can get..."


      O looked up pleadingly at her offspring shaking her head...


      "Well I don't know... Dry it just might just do some damage... I know
let's use this to lub it up for her." Lonia said.


      O turned to see the red bottle about to be pored on the large dummy... she
tugged forward, frantic to 'lub' it herself. She began to lub the hard
unyielding plastic franticly. She licked and licked. The thing was stiff and had
a rough bumpy surface and that would soon reside inside her. She was not this
big down there. She could not get it in her mouth, as her jaw would

not open that far.  Just the thought convinced her to tongue bathe it
all over. She tried to get to all the surface area she could. Too soon for her,
she heard.


      "OK bitch get over the stool and spread um for your new lover." Lonia
ordered. "Give me any trouble and I'll do your ass instead."


      O panicked. She did not want the damn thing, at all, but in her ass!!! She
would die... she assumed the desired position, belly down over the stool Vi had
placed in the isle.  Ever helpful Vi closed the strap over O's waist to lock her
securely in the desired position.


      "Wider than that bitch. This ain't no needle dick next door neighbor fuck.
This is 'The Pleasurizer'. Your going to just love it. Instructions say it is
for only really perverted bitches. You hear that... It was made for you... OK
spread um and make room cuze here it comes." Lonia told the cringing O. "Might
help if you open your mouth in case it comes right straight through."


      Lonia knelt on a pillow she had placed between O's legs and was ready. She
positioned the stiff piece of plastic by hand at the entrance to O's sex. Then
she grabbed the woman's hip bones.


      "Now I think you want to get even wider than that  O. Else wise this

thing might just split you wide open." Lonia advised.


      "Na that is my mother... she likes it rough... Don't you you old whore.."
Vi spit out.


      Desperately O tried to widen her legs and ass cheeks.


      Then O felt the huge thing slide between her labia major and on to the
labia minor to her cringing hole. The head being tapered, it easily gained
purchase and started its long descent into O's very being.


      Lonia went slow as she wanted to be sure it was in the right place. A

thing this big could tear a whole new ass hole and that would be messy and
unproductive. The going became slower about 2 inches in..


      "Ow lookie here.. She is all tense up and we haven't even got to the big
part." Lonia withdrew a bit and drove in with more force. She also tried some
twisting on her end to stimulate her own clit.


      This time she got to 4 inches and O began to buck and wiggle to
accommodate the monster. Lonia retreated a bit and said to Vi, who was watching
the proceedings with glee,


      "Be a lot easier if she really gets into it. Whyn't you help your mother
girl. You just play with her tits and play kissy face with her. After all she is
your mother. I know she would love it coming from you..."


      "Aw maybe your are right." Vi said as she knelt before the straining woman
and began to manipulate the dangling breasts. She dropped the pliers she had had
in her hands under them and then ran her bare hands over the smooth white
expanse of tender skin and nipped at the woman's ear. She felt the nipples began
to stiffen and knew she was having the desire effect. Vi looked up and shook 
'yes' with her head to Lonia.


      Lonia shoved and came to a stop this time with 6 inches up in there, much
to O's displeasure. O seemed to be humping and responding to the friction and
tit manipulations.


      Lonia slowly withdrew and Vi kept up the manipulations of O's fleshy orbs.
Lonia rested with about 2 inches in and ordered,


      "Just like we discussed in the car. Do the left one first. Ready?"


      "Yea OK... Just let me get... OK.. I'm ready" Vi said after fumbling to
get and position the pliers under the left dangling orb.


      "Your going to love this...you bitch..." Vi said as she again nipped O's
ear. Then she squeezed her fist with all her might on the metal pliers.


      Lonia gave a mighty shove and plumbed O's depths. This caused O to raise
up to try to escape the drilling. At that very moment her left nipple exploded
in pain....


      "AAAAALKAAHAHAKKALL" O screamed and looked down at her left breast now
firmly in her daughters hand. Attached to the burning nipple was the strange
pliers... (They were the piercing tools from the mall.) Her precious nipple ....
It was mutilated...


      Vi pulled outward with the tools firmly gripped in her right hand. With
her left hand, she fumbled with and found a the large ear ring in the stuff,
that she has selected from home for this position.


      Lonia did not give O any peace. She had the foot long dildow almost all
the way in and she shoved and shoved to get it all in there. O's struggles
gradually subsided and Lonia felt the cheeks of the woman at her own pubic bone.
She had it all in there now.


      "Mission accomplished here.. how are you doing?" Lonia inquired.


      "Almost there. Come and look! It is going to be soo nice." Vi answered.


      Lonia unbuckled from the dummy from her hips. She attached it to the stool
and left it securen deep inside it's victim.


      She stretched and walked around the woman and knelt down to see Vi just
threading the heavy bangle through the newly made hole in the pink nipple. The
green stone and gold ring looked.... well 'Kinky' would be the word for it.


      Three pair of female eyes looked at the bobble. Two found it, 'far out'.
The third pair did not count anyway.


      "Please take it out. Take it...." O pleaded tearfully..


      "Who asked for your opinion? I like it. Glue it shut so it doesn't get
lost." Lonia ordered. Vi reached into the pile and secured the green stoned ring
to it's new home forever with super glue.


      "That dildow as much fun as it seems?" Vi asked.


      "Yeah go around and give it a try... MaMa and I have to get better
acquainted anyway." Lonia said as she slapped the attached dangling babble.


      Vi pulled the dummy out some from its form fitted home and attached the
straps it around her own hips... She then pushed into the shrinking hole. She
had to guide it with both hands to aim the heavy cumbersome thing. She shoved in
the 6 inches of plastic she had removed and started to sawing away. She met
little resistance as this was a freshly ploughed field.


      "Not as much fun as a guy but it is OK. But then too it can go on
forever." Vi observed from her fucking.


      Lonia took possession of the woman's breasts and began to feel them up
like melons in a store. The freshly pierced caused  screaming pain but the other
one started to warmed to the knowing female touch leaving O in a quandary.


      Real nice set of melons bitch. Be even better now with the decorations,
don't you think." Lonia asked her captive.


      "Please let me go and I won't tell... AAAAA" O began...


      Displeased Lonia twisted the big green stoned ring.


      "I asked about the decorations. Now you make me use the stuff..." Lonia
ordered.


      "Please please I didn't mean it I....." O pleaded.




                               Mother's Owner # 7
                                    by Paladin


      Lonia was mad. She looked up and said to the laboring Vi,


      "Your mother is one tight ass bitch. Vi I think this calls for more .....
No more miss goodie goodie, do her ass.... NOW!!!" Lonia demanded.


      Vi pulled out the now thoroughly drenched dildo and positioned the 'little
baby fist' like head at the entrance of her mother's neither hole. She leaned
forward and it went in a ways, as the hole was somewhat opened from O's night
time stuffing, and then too, their was the lubricant, it had on it.


      O felt the thing going in. She thought this would come out her mouth if
they tried to force it all the way in. When it stopped, she sighed a sigh of
relief. Its progress had stopped. Minor cramping was evident but it was nothing
like the pain she had had before in her vagina when Lonia forced the whole thing
inside her.


      Lonia gave her right breast a twist to cause a scream and with that an
expanding of the diaphragm. She called up to Vi,


      "Come on! Come on! Drive that sucker to her tonsils. I want that ass hole
open and worn smooth like butter for the boys... Rub down all those kinks in
er."



      Vi reared back and dug in her feet. She got her whole body behind it. The
'Pleasurizer' lumbered forwards into the now stretching moist hole. It this time
made much better progress. It slid to the very hilt were Vi's labia were. Vi
looked up from the white moons of her mother and smiled to her partner.


      "Mission accomplished!" she said as she tried to retreat the thing for
another stroke. The suction made the going here much slower and pulled on the
positioning straps. Vi reached down and held the things with both her hands to
keep the dummy on her own hips during the process.


      O was not happy. She stretched and wiggled and in general tried anything
she could, given her level of freedom to make room. The stiff unyielding

dummy had forced all her innards to adjust to its presence in its forward
motion. Now they were being sucked back to their former positions. A tug of war
was going on inside her vitals.


      All the while Lonia kept toying with her breasts. She kept stroking the
right breast till the nipple stiffened and then she would twist the left nipple
ring. Poor O did not know what to experience. Pleasure .... or ... Pain???


      Finally O had arched up her back to the allow the dummy some more
clearance in her bowels. All the while she screamed and screamed. When Lonia was
certain O was past caring about her pain / pleasured tits, Lonia secretly
reached down to the things left over from the bag.


      She found the thing she wanted. She lifted it to the distended right
nipple. The steel implement was positioned soo quickly that O did not even
detect it till...


      CLINK


      O's right nipple exploded in the pain she had recently experienced in her
left.


      She glared down and saw Lonia's hand holding the piercing pliers with its
needle scurrying her precious little right bud. She tried to stop all motion of
the breast meat to still the pain. But Lonia twisted the tool first right and
then left, to widen the hole for the large ring it was to house soon. O gritted
her teeth almost to the point of breaking them.


      Then Lonia reached down and picked up the big ear rings mate. The one with
the matching green stone. O sensing that movement would hurt more, stayed froze
and let her captor thread the ring all the way through the newly blazed path.
Satisfied it was positioned Lonia's right hand again went into the bags contents
and picked up the super glue tubes. O felt the slight pull as the babble dangled
freely. Then she saw Lonia take the two tubes and secure the metal to metal
bond. The green stoned rings were now a permanent part of her breasts. She had
no say in the matter and she knew it... 


      O was now a marked woman.. Only kinky sluts had this done and now she so
marked. She hurt. She realized she was still being stuffed in her ass. She was
in pain from a number of sources. She felt her contiousness slipping away.. This
was too much. She leaned way over the stool and passed out. The last thing she
saw was the shaking of the green stones on her nipple rings as she gave it up.


      "Would you look at that!!! After I do a wonderful job of decorating her
tits, for her, she goes to sleep on me. Vi you done with her ass?? You know we
agreeded to lock her up?" Lonia inquired rising from her position below the
stool. She had dropped the tools and glue and was wiping her hands on her own
naked ass.


      The green stones sparkled in the light from their positions on the
formally virgin breasts. They cast a crazy pattern on the ground of the kennel
as Vi kept pumping her mother's ass with the 'Pleasurizer'.


      "Hold your damn water. I'm enjoying this. Best time I ever had with her...
Should have done this during those mother-daughter shits. Oh the fun I'm gonna
have... in the future with this bitch. Aren't we having fun O??" Vi said as she
continued to saw at the now opened ass hole of her parent.


      Seeing it would be a while, Lonia went over and retrieved her discarded
jeans. She turned to watch the two other females at the joys of lesbo and
smiled. Should she....


      Lonia pulled on her jeans and then searched through the bags remaining
content to find another joint to pass the time. Shit!! she was unsuccessful.



      She picked up the small lock with the long hasp. 


      After a while Vi withdrew the 'Pleasurizer' and turned to Lonia.


      "Ok lets get her fixed for her lock." Vi said.


      The two girls unbuckled the holding belt from O's waist and laid her down
to the ground on her back. They spread her legs and Lonia went to get the tool.


      Lonia ordered, "Get her to tongue that dildow. I want to try that on
another girl I know, and I don't want her to catch something from this

nympho mother of yours.&quot;


      Vi squatted down and then sat on O's tender tits. The pain flared again in
her wounded mamorys. O woke up screaming. Vi positioned the dummy at the open
oral cavity and ordered,


      "Clean up the mess you made on it you dirty bitch." Vi demanded squirming
on the soft freshly pierced tit mounds to accent her order.


      O quickly began tonguing off the dummy even though it had just withdrawn
from her ass. She knew the would do something worse if she disobeyed. Vi lifted
up some and she felt some relief in her mangled aching tits.


      While she was laboring over the putrid cylinder she felt someone handling
her labia. They were pulling them straight out. First the right one and then she
felt something metallic squeezing the damp limp flesh.  She hopped.


      CLINK


      "O O O O O...." she moaned but went on with her tonguing of the dummy.
Then she felt her left labia being distended and then.....


      CLINK


      She felt the tender flesh being stretched and something stiff being run
through the newly made holes.


      SNAP!!


      "Would you look at that. I bet this sure puts a kink in her fucking. What
do you think Violet? Am I a genius or what. It is just the right size. No
question now... we own this cunt..." Lonia exclaimed. "She done with that thing
yet?"


      "Yeah I guess.." Vi said as she lifter her ass off O's tits and turned
around to look at the newly decorated cunt lips.


      There with its metal ring through O's labia was the small lock. It hung
down and secured the entrance to O's sex for all but those who possessed the
key.


      "Now every time she wants to fuck she has to have one of us give her the
key." Lonia declared as she gave a small key to Violet. Then Lonia went around
to O's head and showed her her key.


      "You see this bitch?? We now own your cunt. You fuck only who we say.. If
that dirty perv wants to do the dirty with you ... You just sent him to one of
us... We will decide when he can, how much he'll pay and all the details. From
now on all you have to do is fuck... Ain't that special??"


      Taking O's hair in her hand Lonia lifter her head to show her her

newly imprisoned sex.


      Sure enough Olive beheld the lock nestled snugly between her labia. 


      Lonia lifted and Vi helped. Together they got O on her feet. Lonia took a
leash and clipped it onto the locks ring. She stretched it out and pulled O's
privates lips. The pain convinced O to follow where the girl wanted her to go..


      "Walkies.... Bitch" Lonia announced..


      "Hay this is a trip. Let me go get the camera and then we can make her do
things..." Vi announced as she retreated down the isle of cages.


      "Please Please let me go. I won.... OOO AH AHAHHHAHA..." Olive started to
beg the girl when she was sure that her daughter was out of ear shot. Lonia did
not let her even start, She grabbed the right nipple ring and lifted it some 3
inches.


      The breast distended. It became a long nipple, a ball of fat, and so many
cords of flesh under the skin...


      "I told you to shut your yap bitch... I'll decide what and when you use
that cake hole for from now on. Just like the pussy hole it all belongs to me
and you better learn or I might just take a notion and snip this off..." Lonia
demanded. Then she tried to throw the ring down. It hurt like hell but O shut
her mouth and tried to obey. "Maybe I should have got another lock. I'll bet
you'd look real fem with one closing your cake hole too. I'll have to see what
Vi says."


      The breast gradually resumed it's former shape, except the ring hole was
now larger.


      


      A pull to the locking ring in her private lips and the command,


      "Walkies..."


      Caused the crying subdued woman to stumble forward like a dumb beast,
under the command of the girl... She hurt and hurt but she did not utter one
word.


      The rings green stones sparkled and shown themselves off. That was why she
had purchased them to dazzle when she was dressed up... Now they still captured
attention, but to a naked ringed sex slave from her pierced nipples... (And they
say diamonds are a girl's best friends!!)




                               Mother's Owner # 8
                                    by Paladin


Vi returned with the video camera and gleefully went about recording her parents
degrading exhibition at the end of Lonia's leash.


      "Now be a good bitch, turn and show your pretty little lock to the
camera." Lonia demanded with a jerk of the leash.


      O was mortified as she saw Vi taping her subservience but the tugging of
her labia and jangling pain in her nips convinced her to just do what they
wanted. She had no choice... 


      Vi knelt down and zoomed in for a close up.. O convinced that she must
spread her legs did so. There between her legs dangled freely the little lock

closing the labia till one of her owners opened it... with their key.


      "Now get a close up of the rings. I know we'll want to show them off to
all the gang and whoever else will be viewing this tape in future years." Lonia
ordered..


      Dutifully Vi raised the camera and recorded the bobbles as then sparkled
and did their dangling thing in the bright sunlight..


      "OK now O. You know you've been bad. So I'm sorry, but I just must punish
you." Raising her hand to forestall comment, "Any objections will double the
punishment. Now go get over the stool belly down and I'll do it now." Lonia
informed a cringing O. "Before we forget... Wouldn't want that now would we??"


      "Yeah... Ahh what did she do..." Vi asked.


      "She tried to get me to let her go while you were away." Lonia informed
Vi. "O I want you, in future to delineate what you are being punished for, and
after it is done you are to thank us for correcting your slutty ass. You got
that?"


      O hesitated...


      "If I have to use force, O. I will double the punishment.. Now last
chance. Get over that stool and face away from us.. " Lonia demanded.


      Olive realized she was in no position to delay. She quickly went over and
placed her belly on the stool. She kept her head high and looked down the row of
cages. She heard some whispering and some giggling and then the girls foot
steps, as they came to her side. The strap secured her to the perch. The breast
bobbles gleamed as they dangled freely in the sunlight.


      "Good bitch O," Lonia said as she ran her hand over the smooth white ass,
"You have been a very obedient bitch now so it will only be a little this time.
Next time though I will have to use whole lot more. Do you understand me? I mean
you have been warned..."


      "Yes.... Yes Mistress..." O answered as she felt the hands on her ass
cheeks, yawning them wide open. Then she felt a slim projection slip into her
unprotected distended ass hole. The projection went way, way inside. It stopped
deep inside her ass. (After the 'Pleasurizer' this thing was nothing.) She felt
the thick rubber ball now resting between her ass cheeks.


      "Now remember O you had better be on your best behavior, from now on, or
this will be the first of many, many more of these." Lonia informed the cringing
nude.


      "Yeah we're only doing it for your own good...." Vi giggled.


      Then someone, probably Lonia, squeezed the rubber bulb and the fiery
liquid was squirted deep into the poor woman's bowels... The nozzle was held in
her ass, by unseen hands, to insure all the vile hot stuff stayed inside her
vitals. O felt the fire burning deep inside her very being. Despite the warning
she screamed her head off and bucked and bucked at the restraining strap.


      Then the girls stood back and watched O try to expel the fiery brew inside
her ass hole. Man the squirming she did, and the screaming..... It was
deafening. Good thing they were in the country. Any close neighbors would surely
complain at all the noise.


      Vi was recording the event from the beginning. She had to give the camera
to Lonia since she was laughing soo much to hold it steady. (Digital stabilizer
or no.)


      O was beside herself with agony. Their was no relief. Inside it burned
her. Going out of her it burned her ass hole, and all the while she was doubling
over with the cramping... The girls finally tired of this spectacle. They
released her from the stool. Stood her upright, or as nearly upright as was
possible at the time, and then chained her neck to a bar on a top cage to keep
her standing up, as she tried to relieve her bowels of the stuff. Then bored
with the repetitiveness of the actions, they walked away down the row

of cages away from the sight, smell and noise.


      It seemed like hours went by before O felt a cooling flow of ice cold
water being applied to her body. It was first applied to her tits and upper
body. This did nothing to alleviate her inner torment. When she went to spasming
from the cold water, the hose was lowered and cleaned out the remaining sauce
from the outside of her privates. Nothing was done for her insides...


      "There, now the rest inside will keep you in the proper frame of mind for
your lessons..." Lonia informed her.


      After she had shaken her self almost dry, she just stood there and vouched
to never do anything to piss Lonia off at her again. The girl was her boss from
now on and they both knew it. No questions...


      "Now O I only put about half an ounce of that stuff in you THIS TIME, Next
time I wonder what all 6 ounces would do to you???" Lonia informed her, "No
matter I'm sure we understand each other now and you will be a good little slave
from now on. Isn't that right? Now I want to teach you some commands and
positions. Now stand up straight there and lets get started... Or do you want me
to go get that bottle again."


      O straightened, despite the cramping, onto her feet quickly and
concentrated on Lonia's every word. The girl had her do the most degrading
things. She was required, on command, to drop into a crotch and spread her legs.
Making sure all of her was on display.


      She was taught to shake the babbles so that the stones did crazy patterns
on the concrete walls of the kennel. (She was informed that in future she would
do this to cause her nipple bells to ring, maybe in a tune, while she was
fucking some customer. But as they had forgot the bells that would be going onto
later.)


      Lonia removed the hand cuffs but whenever her owners were in sight, O was
to place her hands behind her back, hands kept up between her shoulder blades,
and keep them there no matter what was done to her exposed treasures.


      Violet recorded the training and when the girls tired of it they had O
squat and tell them of her fuckings with Mr. Williams. The camera recorded it
all from it's position on a tripod.


      "How many times did you fuck the old perv?" Vi inquired from her right
side diddling with the right tit ring.


      O desperately looked around for some respite but Lonia had the little
bottle in her hand.


      "Twice...." O blurted out.


      This went on and on..


      "Did you blow the bastard?" Vi demanded.


      "No... I nev....." O admitted.


      "What?? You didn't blow him?" Lonia inquired.


      "No Mistreess..." O answered suddenly ashamed of her lack of skill.


      "Did you do daddy??" Vi asked..


      "NO... I...well I nev... Your father and I well we he.. " O was
embarrassed to go on.


      "That's just great... Vi get the nerd over to your house pronto. I want
this bitch to practice her lip lock on his pecker before the party. I don't want
to be embarrassed with a tyro cock sucker at the party when I promised the gang
a ball drained."  Lonia demanded as she twisted O's left tit to punish her for
her lack of skill.


      "Aw why do you want me to get Glen.. I mean he is such a nerd. He'll
probably cream in his jeans when he sees her. Let alone gets in her mouth..." Vi
inquired.


      "Because, shit for brains, he has the film disk you left there. Then too
we need someone to print the pictures we have been taking and he has the stuff.
And lastly she gets a practice monkey's dick to swing on, and he is our 'go for'
for as long as we like. Now do you get it.." Lonia informed her accomplice.


      Then the questioning resumed. It went on and on. It explored all aspects
of Olive's previous sex life. The where, when, how, etc or her married love
making, were of particular interest to the girls.


      After an embarrassing eternity for O the girls finally ran out of
questions. O, who had been reduced to starring at the tripods leg as she
answered the girls breathed a sigh or relief. She had done it and no one had
declared she was to be punished. The dull burning inside was a constant reminder
or what could happen again..


      "Now O I want you to make nice nice for the cameras. I think you should
show it what a slut you are." Vi quipped, She let go of the tit she had been
playing with and withdrew her key from the jeans pocket. She bent down and
opened the cunt lock. Withdrew it and went over to the pile from the bag. She
picked up a long black cylinder like object.


      Then she went over and whipped her wet hand on O chest and said,


      "You get excited at the most perverted things don't you, mother? Oh well
now do your thing for the audience. Who knows we may get you a guest show on
whore of the week on some pimps tv."


      She reached down and fed the long black cylinder into her mother's
dripping sex.


      "There you are, you old bitch. Now let it all hang out there. go on!!! Or
I'll get the stuff and I won't be as kind hearted as old Lornia over there.


      O, having been unlocked, and directed had no choice. She masturbated for
the camera with the large black dildow. She was listless at first but the sight
of the glass bottle and the command soon had her saying over and over what a
slut she was. How she longed to take it up the ass from a big black dog... etc..
When ever she slowed down Lonia asked her,


      "Do you think you need some of this stuff on that dildo to get the feeling
right?"


      She went to full speed again right away.


      As it was getting late this concluded her training for the day. O was
again cunt locked, but tonight she was not to be left in the kennel. She was
blindfolded and lead back through the maze of cages to the car.


      This time she was locked inside the trunk and told to use the dildow in
her ass to amuse herself on the way home.


      "And if I open this trunk and find you asleep or something... well just
remember I may have left the little bottle here, but we got a large bottle of
that stuff at home..." Lonia informed her.


      O went right to work... She did not even think of trying to remove the
blind fold. She worked the thing in and out of her ass all the way home??..




                               Mother's Owner # 9
                                    by Paladin


      Olive worked the dummy in and out of her ass through the whole long trip.
She wished the girls had left her labia unlocked so she might rub her clitoris
to get the proper effect. I mean it just did not feel like a natural thing to be
obtaining such stimulation from playing with her ass hole. It was... somehow
dirty...well nasty even.... Still the girl had ordered her and they would punish
her if she did not do it. So she kept up a steady rhythm.


      Then the car lurched right, it then rose up and then down and finally it
came to an abrupt stop..... somewhere...


      Olive heard the doors open and close. Then the sound of feet on gravel
coming back to the trunk lid. They were coming for her...


      She began to vigorously plunge the black cylinder in and out of her ass
hole. She wanted to please Lonia at all costs. She wanted to show her
obedience... It hurt but it hurt soo good...


      SNAP.....CRRRRRREEEEEKKKKK


      Then O felt the sun on her naked torso. She turned her ass up in the air,
so the girls could see her ass hole plugging and heard...


      "Would you look at that?" Vi's voice said, "She is really getting into
that ass fucking thing, Don't you know? Why we have a whole new cunt on this
bitch."


      "Perverted bitch. Feel how wet she is." Lonia's voice demanded withdrawing
the fingers that had encountered the river of girlie cum on the locked up labia.
"Yuck!! Hope she don't rust the lock permanently shut, of course we could call a
lock smith. Can you imagine?? 'UH could you come over and unlock my mothers
cunt...'Please mr lock smith man...."  a fit of giggling insued.


      "Aw well she is just a perv... Aren't you mother?" Vi demanded of her
humbled parent. "I'll bet she would love having some strange guy diddling with
the lock there between her legs... "


      "Yes d... I... Yes mistress!!" O answered quickly gaining her wits as the
cum subsided. She hopped they would not punish her for it. She hoped the lock
did not rust shut.. She would just die if...


      "You almost fucked up O. I'll just put that down as a half infraction.....
You are this close to a 6 ounce douche with the hot sauce you love soo much
bitch." Lonia related to the quivering blinded sex slave.. "Come on Vi let's get
her inside and anchored in her proper place before the guests come.."


      Two pair of hands helped her up after making O clean off the black dummy
with her oral sex organ. Then they lead her around the car and into a room. She
was sure it was a room because of the feel of the tiles under her feet.


      "Such a good slut to leave the blind fold on and now squat down and spread
um!" Lonia's voice ordered pressing down on the slaves naked shoulders. O opened
her knees and bent down into the humbling position.


      O complied and placed her hands, as, required, behind her and awaited
further orders from her mistresses. She felt a hand at her cuntlock and then a
snap . As the hand was wiped over her chest she heard.


      "There now. All nice and comfy... You slut... You must be leaking gallons
of this yuck!! I ought to..." Vi's voice informed her.. "This is your place and
you are never to leave the chain unless we tell you you can!"


      "Now!! Now!! You can not blame her she is just a natural born slut... Runs
in some families.. Something is missing...." Lonia's voice informed her.... "Oh
yeah... O whenever we come into the room you are to acknowledge our presence by
your position and Say.... I don't know.... Oh yeah.... 'Please Mistress How may
I serve you?' You got that slut??"


      "Yes mistress...." O said in a low voice.


      SWAPPPP


      Out of the void an intruder slapped her right tit. It hurt like hell and O
started to reach out to soothe the wounded mammary when,


      "You move those paws of yours and I cuff um and really wale on those head
lights or yours. Let it sting, it'll keep your mind focused on your duties. Now
what were you going to say?" Lonia demanded.


      "Please mistress how may I serve you?" O repeated and she really did not
want her other tit to feel this way. So she, this time, really meant it. Every
word...


      "Start by betting rid of that blindfold." Lonia commanded.


      O removed the rag from her eyes and found her self squatting in a corner
of her own kitchen with a chain snapped onto he cunt lock leading under her into
a pile and from there into the lower cabinet.


      SWAPPP


      The leash caught her other tit and she again fought to keep her hands away
from the now stinging left mammary.


      "Quit looking around slut.. From now on you will never look higher

than the sex of the person that is addressing you. You hear me slut." Lonia
demanded.


      "Yes Mistress...." O replied looking at the jeans clad crotch of her
mistress.  she thought as now both of her mamorys stung.


      "OK Vi go call that nerdo of yours and get him over here. O here needs a
little dickie to play with... Don't you slut?" Lonia demanded reaching out to
diddle with her left nipple ring..


      "Now wait a minute cunt. Why do I... Oh yeah ... yeah .. I'll go call Chad
and have him bring over the old film disk... He will do anything for me and he
comes soo easy... I left him with cum stains in his pants... last even though he
thought he was getting a little pussy. I guess I owe him a little suckie by my
little bitch here...." Vi observed.  She saw Vi leave the room for the privacy
of the hall phone.


       O thought, 


      In O's lowered field of vision she saw Lonia lowering her jeans.  The girl threw the denim material over a kitchen
chair. O saw the curly hared bush advancing upon the her naked face again.


      "Time for a little girlie tongue sex bitch.. Lets see if you got any new
twists in that tongue.. If it isn't better than last time, I'll go get the
pliers I found in the garage. I'll bet I could really twist that sucker up with
them. Want to try first to please me or should I get the rusty old things
first?" Lonia inquired..


      "Please mistress let me try!! I know that I will please you. Please let me
try..." O begged. 


      "All right if you are sure you really want to try.. but be quick and get
that tongue deep... I like that... Come on come on.... DO ME" Lonia said as she
mounted O's face like a saddle.


      O thought her neck would break. As she tried to relieve the pressure on
face by bending her neck but as she made to raise her hands she heard,


      "And no hands bitch... Just get that tongue in there and tickle my mind...
Come on... Is that all the far you can reach?? See I think I'd better just go
get ... ooo ...  well now that is better.... I like that... try to get that
tongue a little bit more... OOOO you long tongued bitch... I ought to fill up
your hole with hot sauce, for holding back on me last time..." Lonia said as her
eyes glazed over. Lonia grabbed her own nipples and seemed to be trying to pull
them off... (Man that woman was into it now... That was one happy woman.)


                 *********************************************


      Meanwhile at the kitchen wall phone looking over this disgusting display
of her mother and girl friend, Vi was dialing her faithful bow. (Some would say
sucker..)


      "Chad... its me.... Vi.. I..." a silence followed when she could not get
in a word.


      "OK I forgive you for not getting a better picture.... she tried to get in
her message... No avail...


      "NO Damn it... I mean... well just bring it back here now and I want to
use.." again she was cutoff by male apologies..


      "Well sure my mother is here but...." again she was stymied by the male
babbling on about nothing..


      "Chad just get your ass over here and bring the disk..." she finally
managed to gasp out..


      "Chad their is a blow job in it for ya if you get your ass over here
quick..." again she was cutoff..


      "Yeah that's what I said... No I'm not shitting ya...." again she was
cutoff by the exeurbent male and his skepticism.


      "Mother... well she will not be a problem..." Vi said as she watched her
parent throat action as she obviously was swabbing out Lonias hole.


      "Of course I'll guarantee you a blow job... No mother will not but in..."
She managed...


      "Chad ... Chad.... If you are here... In five minutes you get the blow
job.. If not then I'll get Tommie to come over...." SLAMMM


      "MEN!!! Damn fools. All he could say was 'He was sorry' 'he would try
again'   'mother wouldn't let him in'  'mother woul..'  AW shit... MEN!!" Vi
said disgusted as she collapsed into a kitchen chair watching Lonia cum for the
tenth or was it twelfth time..


      "Look I'm soo pissed I need some mouth loving. Lonia let me use the bitch
now." Vi demanded.


      "Aw I was just getting into her face... Well OK but I get her tonight
after the party.." Lonia demanded.


      Vi whipped off her jeans and quickly mounted O's face as Lonia collapsed
into the chair. Now this kitchen chair had sprouted a sheen of girlie cum.


      KNOCK   KNOCK


      "Who the fuck could that be?" an exhausted Lonia asked angruarly.


      "Must be Chad... You wanted him... I'm busy... You go answer the fucking
door... It was your idea... besides I'm not...dressed.." Vi said breathlessly.


      Wearily Lonia rose up and in a moment of inspiration, quickly clicked off
a few pictures of the mother / daughter act. These would be useful in the
future... she knew.


      She went to the door and flung open the door. There stood the out of
breadth boy. His smile quickly faded to a look of dismay. Lonia had not bothered
putting on her jeans.


      "Ya what do you want sicko? If you were a gentleman you would not be
looking down at my pussy. So you must be some perv..." Lonia said and made like
she was going to slam the door..


      Chad was having a tough time keeping his eyes in his head let alone
keeping them from the kinky hared snatch. This girl he had seen in school before
was here and she was neked from the waste down. He could not believe his eyes.
He weased and finally managed to gasp out... at the slowly closing door...


      "I   ...             I'm  ... C... ch  ..Chad... Vi as asked me t... to br
br  ing th is.... " His right hand rose of it's own with nothing in it. At his
left side was the disk firmly anchored there in a death like grip..


      "You giving me the finger you perv..." Lonia laughed.


      "No No Iiii I mean, no.." he said quickly raising the disk and his left
hand to the half nude vision...


      Lonia took the disk and made the door close till only a slight sliver of
an opening remained before Chad started to scream....


      "WAIT WAIT I WAS P PRP PROMISED A ... I MEAN I WA WANT TO SEE VI..
PLEASE."


      "Well why didn't you say so? Quit starring at my pussy you perv..." Lonia
said. She opened the door and took Chad's arm. She dragged the stunned boy into
the hall way. "Come this way." she ordered. Then she turned around and commenced
to swaying like they all do when they are being observed by a male. (Sort of
like liquid motion on ball bearings... You Know guys!!)


      Her smooth white ass, she knew, would be the only thought in the nerds
little nerd mind and in his DICK!!. When she reached the kitchen she turned and
was pleased to see the dumbfounded boy stumbling along bumping into the
walls and spouting a large tent in his crotch. 


      She held out her arm and pointed into the kitchen with her right hand. She
said,


      "Vi your boyfriend is here for his blow job...."


She held out her arm and pointed into the kitchen with her right hand. She said,


      "Vi your boyfriend is here for his blow job...."




                               Mother's Owner # 10
                                    by Paladin


Chad was in a daze. He had never seen a pussy, a real live pussy before, and
this one was real. And it was on a real live girl... Sure he had seen pictures
and every once in a while a glimpse of his ma, but this was different.. Never
like this had he seen one. It was sooo close and for soo eye catching and well
just right there.


This was a real live one and it was before him and it was just there before and
she did not make any attempt to hide it... like his ma when he walked in on her
in the bathroom. This girl did not seem to care what he saw or did not see. His
mouth opened so wide that he would have caught flies if they were any around.


(Just like you did when you got your first one!!)


Seemingly oblivious to him she had turned and lead him down the hall with her
**NEKED** ass right there in front of him all the way. She stopped and he ran
into the wall rather than come in contact with the wondrous white thing. She
turned and raised her arm and pointed into the kitchen. She spoke but he did not
understand a word. His mind was totally absorbed with the pussy again, all hairy
and shit, before his very bugged out eyes.


He did not care what she was saying. His eyes did not want to look away from her
pubic hair when she had turned to address him. He wanted to run his hands
through that hair. Was it soft or stiff? Did it.... He wan....


His eyes caught movement in the corner of the kitchen where she had pointed for
him. Finally he tore his glance from the pussy he would gladly now die for and
saw....


 he thought. It was too much.
His boner could hold out no more.. He came in his jeans.... (What a mess!!)


The sight of two other pussies was just too much. There before his very eyes
were neked pussies, more neked pussies, and their was one on top of another and
the bottom one was topped with neked tits too....


(In fact he was seeing Vi half naked seated on top of a totally neked older
female. He was totally dumbfounded.)


And they were going at it... The bottom pussy, with the titties, was doing
something to Vi's neked pussy...


(Even though he had just come off, old little peter started to

stiffened as his mind came to the realization of what his eyes were seeing...
They were getting it on girl to girl.... Doing the dirty.... before him....)


"Vi.... Vi... I said VI.. Chad is here... Don't you want to say 'Hello to you
boy friend?" Lonia chided the lesbian coupling pair she and Chad were watching.


"Hunch??? Ow Shit! Lonia you should have took him into the living room. I mean
really..." Vi started as she climbed down off her mothers face. She immediately
went over to her discarded jeans and sought to don them behind the table.
Anything for protection from the starring male eyes.


Snickering Lonia lead the nerd by the hand, over to the cringing nude crouching
in the corner.


"O what are we supposed to say when I come in the room?" Lonia asked the
miserable woman.


"Mrs ... s.... I.." Chad tried to begin but could not find the words. Here was a neked
grown woman.. Tits and all squatting before him. Her face all slick from her
lezzie actions previously. And she was a real live woman ... he knew her ... she
was just squatting there ... she looked.... well **NAKED**


O would have rather bit off her tongue. Her brain screamed at her to cover her
tits... Or her ass.. or something...  Instead she
heard herself say,


"How may I serve you mistress?" She turned beet red at her own words... and kept
her eyes down cast.


"Not bad only next time do it quicker and with feeling. Now what was it we were
going to have you... Oh I know Vi promised young Chad here a blow job and you do
need the practice don't you O?" Lonia asked in her sweet surripy voice, pushing
Chad ever closer to her spread open legs.


O cringed and looked up at the people... Quickly she remembered and looked down
at the denim covered crotch of the boy with it's spreading stain. The naked sex
of the girl, Lonia. O wanted to be somewhere else but she wasn't. Their was no
escape. She uttered the words required,


"Yes Mistress" she whispered...


"Come on you old whore this here is young prime dick... I think, You are a boy
ain't ya Chad??" Lonia asked the gawking boy forcing him ever closer to the
squatting opened nakedness that was old enough to be his mother.


"Y YES Yea I..." Chad spit out after a lag of seconds. He was enthralled at the
prospect of doing 'it' and with an older woman.. He'd be cock of the walk in his
classes at school.


"Now lets try this once more O, and the winner doesn't get her tits slapped. You
do want to do Chad here don't you bitch." Lonia said sweetly doubling the vinyl
leash in her hands.


O saw the leash and her tits all ready ached. She said in a loud voice,


"Yes Mistress. I want to do Chad nice dick for practice."


"Well idn't that special, but it is Chad's dick, so you have to ask.. no beg him
to let an old whore like you blow his nice young dick.. Now do it and be quick
about it before I lose my patience with you." Lonia said swinging the doubled
over leash in front of a cringing reddening nude O.


"Please Master Chad my I please practice sucking on your beautiful dick?" She
said cringing at the thought. 
The chain rubbed her left thigh and she knew she had no choice.


Chad looked at Lonia, and then at Vi, who was now on the other side of him. His
tongue would not work but he finally shook his head yes to Lonia. Yes to
anything.... YES!!!


"Why you shy stud. O he is going to let you try out for his first little dick
eater." Lonia proclaimed in a loud voice.


"I always knew you were a stud Chad. Now I'm sure." Vi cooed into his ear as she
nibbled it.


Finally Chad, in a daze, reached down to his fly. He was just fumbling with the
zipper ineffectually, when Lonia said,


"OH no NO NO... That is the whores job. O get out your wonderful dinner and be
careful with Chad's dick. If you are really really good at it I know we can talk
Chad into fucking your mouth pussy again in no time.. These young studs can come
a lot. Can't you stud?"


Chads hands fell beside his legs as O's slim long fingers un zipped him and
timidly reached in the messy underwear for the vile thing she was to service.
She had to fish around for the gooey thing. It's slimy coating made it hard to
grasp, let alone draw out from its housing. She kept finding the thing and then
loosing it. Finally Lonia interjected,


"She is soo inexperienced." Lonia delivered a slap of the leash to her smooth
white back and then ordered, "Un do his belt, bitch, and let it all down if you
are too stupid to find the wonderful little sucker he is so graciously providing
you."


Convinced that the next slap would be to her tit flesh she quickly lowered Chad
jeans. She cringed when she saw the slimey white coated hair and the dick
glistening with a jelly like glaze. It was just like a glazed donut laying in
there.


Chad felt a cringe of embarrassment and started move his hands to cover his
hardening dick but Vi held his hands out of the way and whispered,


"Let the old whore do it for you... She likes that and you'll feel soo much
better." again she nibbled his ear lobe.


"But she is yo..." Chad started. But little peter stiffened and started to
progress out to the white and blond forest of pubic hair and slime from the
other cum he had in his pants.


"She is just an old apprentice cock sucker, and you are really helping her out.
Now just stand there and let the bitch learn do her old thing. You are really
helping her out." Vi told the reluctant Chad.. This time she was tonguing his
ear. (You women know all the tricks.)


Lonia's hand pressed O's head forward into the smelly, slimy thicket of pubic
hair. O sensing the glazed dick touch on her lips opening. She ovaled her lips
and engulfed the horrible / wonderful thing. It was minuscule compared to the
'Pleasurizer'. It was small compared to the black dummy she had used on her ass
during the car ride, and in her mouth this afternoon, but she found it... well..
comfortable. It was warm. It throbbed with a life force. It was human and it...


 She thought but she could not
think of how she should feel crouched there in her kitchen. Nude, ringed, and
with a young boys slimy dick in her mouth.


Lonia's voice broke through her conflicting thoughts.


"Is the old whore tonguing you good enough?" she asked the shy embarrassed boy.
"Anything she does you don't like... You just tell me..."


"UM Well...." he began..


O commenced to tongue lashing the slimy pud with a vengeance, and was rewarded
with it's stiffening. It grew and filling her oral cavity to the tonsils. She
had to move back and started to raised her hands to control the boys exerburant
organ.


SLAPPP


The belt connected with her right shoulder as Loina corrected her,


"The best cock suckers do it all with the lips, tongue and throat.... I'm told.
I don't want her to get any bad habits." Lonia informed the amazed boy. Chad
would have objected, except the tongue and lips on his dick was soo good...


The lips running up and down the now long length of his manhood, and the teasing
of the tongue on it's head was a sensation like no other...  he thought 


"Go on O hurry up and help him get a nut... Come on, come on.. jack that dick...
with those cum sucker lips." Lonia ordered. She repositioned the doubled over
leash resting on O's shoulders. This convinced O to run her lips over and over
the rapidly hardening pud. Then the thing spit... it's second load of the hour.


She knew that she had to swallow the slime and she was grateful at the sparse
volume. Then she rested there with the shrinking dick in her mouth, uncertain as
to what to do. The bleachy taste on her precious tongue.



"All right you lazy slut break time is over. Now clean up his dick and balls. We
can not have Chad here go home with this mess on his balls. Then you can get him
a brand new hard on. You lucky slut... Then this time you can really suck the
cum out of his balls. Aren't you lucky to have such a stud??" Lonia instructed.


Chad tried to object but Vi started to rub her soft bra less tit filled sweater
on his chest. She then began to french kiss him.. Lonia came up behind him and
reached down to force O to take the shriveled dick back inside her oral cavity.
Then Lonia started to adulate her hips against him forcing him fuck O's mouth
with each wiggle of her cute little ass...


"Come on stud... come on fuck the bitches mouth. She loves it. She is a dirty
old cock sucker and you are doing her a favor..." Lonia cooed in his ear, egged
Chad on despite the pain in his shriveled balls.




                               Mother's Owner # 11
                                    by Paladin

O sucked and licked and did her lip lock number but the boy's flaccid dick which 
seemed to be dead.. Nothing, it seamed, would revive the flaccid organ.


Chad's dick, despite all the female wiles remained soft on O's tongue.


Disgusted Lonia pulled the boy away. He stumbling with his trousers around his
ankles, to a kitchen chair and sat down...


She turned and slapped O across the nipples... "Bad Bad O... Leaving Chad here
without getting his nut... I ought to..."


Chad looked up sheepish but glad that it was not his fault. Yea the whore had
failed. Lonia handed him a new disk and asked all sweetness,


"I'd be ever soo grateful if you could get us some blowups, of these pictures.
Violet says you are the best..."


Chad looked down at his shriveled pud, and then he looked at O's nudity, and
then to Lonia curly haired cunt. With his male ego renewed he smiled and said,


"I.... I can do it... I'll be right back as soon as..."


(Ah what a young boy will do for even a whiff of pussy... You gals have all the
cards..)


Lonia cut him off saying,


"No NO! Not tonight dear. We have something else planed but if you could just
come by in the morning... Say about 10 or so with the proofs, I'm sure the old
whore will have learned more lip actions and recovered herself enough to do you
till the cows come home... OK?? You big Stud?? You??"


"Y Y Yea I...I'll just .. um ..I'll be here tomorrow at 10." Chad assured her,
and taking the disk. He stood and tried to make his exit from the kitchen. He
fell flat on his face.


(Ever have one of those days guys??)


He had a tough time trying to exiting the kitchen with his pants tangled around
his ankles... When he finally got then untangled and positioned he still had a
problem exiting and looking at the curly haired slot of Lonia and O. Vi had to
slam the door in his face to get rid of him, as he would have stood gawking in
the door way all night wishing.


(Face it the boy never had such the plethora of female charms in his dull little
life...)


Ring Ring.....


Vi picked up the phone and made a sower face...


"What do you want you dirty old perv..??."


She listened for a moment .. and then ..


"Don't give me that shit. I know you want to come on over here to fuck my mother
don't you... perv??"


Again she listened ..


"I saw you fucker.. I know what I saw... You give me any shit .. and I think
I'll just come on over there and tell your old lady all about it. Think she
would like it if I brought her the pic's ... You know .. Your dick is not all
the way in in som..."


Again she paused to let the caller stammer a response..


"If you wanna come over here their have been some changes. Mother and I have
come to an understanding. She is my..... well I manage her studs... You wanna
fuck her, you come over here with ... say Fifty bucks... Cash!"


Again the other side of the call tried to respond..


"No you don't get to talk to the bitch; you want to fuck you bring

cash and a stiff dick.... The cash gives you 5 minutes or so to ride the
bitch... or talk .. She don't have time for idle jawing.. right now she might be
busy with a .. stu.."


O squatted at her daughters feet and blanched at the conversation discussing her
sexual services. She would have objected but Lonia was there in front of her
with the leash menacing her aching tits. So she just had to stayed there and
starred at the hairy slit of one of her Mistresses ... and wait.


"Look fucker you want to... You get the cash up or go fuck the old bag you got
over there...."


"How am I supposed to know where you get cash... Try the ATM, now quit bothering
me..." SLAMM


"Old perv wants her.. He wants to 'talk' to her... Now you listen to me..
Whore.. If he comes over here and you say one word to him, one word .. I'll see
that you are the sorriest whore in the world. You got that?" Vi demanded
twisting O's left nipple ring.


"Yess mistress", O answered her daughter.


KNOCH    KNOCK...


Lonia went to the side window and then smiling tore to the front door. She threw
it open and said with glee,


"GREG,  You old long dicked son of a bitch. I didn't think you were out yet. How
they hanging." Lonia asked the hulking form and reached between the legs to
confirm the hanging orbs dispositions. Then she lead the new male into the house
by her crotch hold.


"Peter be getting awful hard with all that pussy be right there MAMA" Greg
answered adjusting his tight jeans.


(These girls just has to put on some clothes soon.)


With the air of an old lover he sunk his right index finger into Loina's tangle
of pubic hair.


"I see I still got a place to park him."


"You slippery tongue devil you say the sweetest things, but come on bring your
dick on in here and let me introduce to the family that lives in this crib."
Lonia said leading the man into the kitchen playfully taking the huge hand from
her slit. Vi turned to look at then new comer and froze..


"What do we say when I come into the room O?" Lonia demanded.


"How may I serve you Mistress??" O repeated as she saw the now familiar naked
female sex and a pair of jeans and boots standing beside Lonia sex.


"Damn you be putting me on.." Greg said. "This another one of your trained
pussies?"


"No No not really. Make your self useful, O. Undo the man's jeans and get
acquainted .. with his dick... This one's a pussy pleaser and I can guarantee is
one won't wimp out on us like that limp dicked nerd before. Now Vi lookie here
this .. this, this here is a dick... This is one or um that your pussy 'll dream
of all your life." Lonia said.


Quickly O undid the jeans. She kept her eyes on the fallen jeans and hurriedly
pulled down the skuzzy greu shorts beneath. The long thing which sprang forth
from the confines caused her heart to stopped.


There starring her in the left eye was a huge black snake like organ.... She was
horrified and intimidated by the very appearance of the thing...


 Went through O's whirling mind, as
she gasped and had to look up, up into the smiling coal black face with it's
pearly white teeth overseeing her discovery with glee.


"What do you say to the nice man, O, and what did I tell you about keeping those
eyes down?" Lonia said swinging the leash.


SPLAT


O's back ached and she quickly looked down and repeated her lines.


"Please sir my I... may I suck your .... dick!"


"Man Lonia you done got yourself a old bitch. That other one was younger and
more fuckable... but then I done only seen hairy asses where I done been so I
guess I'll just avail myself of the house whore... Old bitch, you just stick out
that pink thing for him." Greg said as he stepped in close to the spread open
legs of the naked pussy chained O.


O entire vision was black as she ovaled her mouth and made ready as best she
could for the horrible snake like thing.


"No No Misses... You got's to get acquainted with him first. Start out with his
balls first. They'se all sweaty and nasty. They's needing a nice tongue bath
first. You'll do that, for me, won't you hoe?" He said squeezing O's lower jaw
in a vice like grip with his right paw.


Through the stench of sweat and god knows she looked at the odious thing, closed
her ovaled mouth and then she managed to say,


"Yes Sir." To the ugly black sight laid out for her oral ministrations. The
stench was overpowering. It did need a bath.


He released her jaw. Reluctantly she lowered her head and commenced to tongue
bathing the hairy black balls sack.. She hoped for a blot of lightning to kill
her, but none came. So she licked .. and retched .. and .. Then he lifted the
sack up, she did not have to be told. She scooted her head under there and
started to cleanse the filthy under side. She was relieved when he just 'let'
her kiss and lick the flaccid hose like thing he called Peter... big Peter
without a further stroke of the strap from Lonia.


Next O managed to get most of the dick inside her mouth and not dislocate her
jaw. But only just... She did her lip lock on it. The tongue flutter around the
head bit. At that the thing started to responded quickly... Suddenly, copious
amount of sperm spewed from the little piss slit in Peter's head. It sprayed in
her to the back of her mouth, all over her tongue and then clumped down the
hollow inside of her throat. Their was just soo much of it that it soon filled
the space and bubbled back up and began to drip out the corners of her mouth
onto the green stoned tit rings.


Soon the backup forced some of the salty thick fluid out up and out her
nostrils.


"Bitch be OK but she need a lot more practice... She one sloppy cock sucker..."
Greg said withdrawing before he drowned O. "Need maybe a hundred more brothers
to mouth train her...."


O shuttered when she saw the flaccid thing she had just serviced. She could not
believe it. It was huge and soo slimy.


"Well stud looks like you are the teacher, cause as you can see I ain't built
for the job." Lonia said spreading her legs. "And brothers are in short supply
out here. Besides I can see in her eyes she loves the taste.. of your cum. But
you know all us white pussies go for you chocolate dicks fuckers, Don't we O??"


O was taken with a fit of coughing as she knew the stuff in her nose
was... (Well it wasn't chocolate.)


"Now wait a minute. I done had me a blow job, and that blowed out the tubes but
now, now ... I want me some, of that there pussy." Greg demanded with his ham
like hand rapped around Lonia's smooth white ass. He lifted and tucker her under
his arm, ape like, and strode off to the living room with his piece of pussy to
fuck. No one objected. O was relieved to be rid of the sight of the damn black
hose if only for a little while.


Sniveling the yuck from her nose, O was happy for the first time in a long time,
as she heard the squealing and then the stead rhythm of flesh on the coffee
table being slamming under the animal pounding that Greg was giving Lonia's
pussy.



 O thought, 


 O hopped..


KNOCK ..   KNOCK


Someone was at the back door. Vi went over and looked out the window. Smiling
she threw open the door and there stood Mr. Williams blocking the doorway.


"Look Violet I have to see..." He began.


"Listed fucker, I told you $50 and I meant it." Looking down she further
observed, "And I think you better give it to me now or you won't make it to the
bitch. You perv."


Williams looked down, and had to agree. The nudity of Vi was the kicker.
Reluctantly reached into his pocket. He withdrew a hand full of wrinkled bills
and Vi, after counting the paper stepped aside and let the perv inside the
kitchen.


Vi called to him saying, "Blow job of fuck? And make it quick, We don't have
time fir small shit. Their are a lot of other customers for the bitch."


Williams was horrified when he perceived O squatting there in the corner, naked
with all her charms on display. O said nothing to him. She just knelt there and
kept her eyes lowered to his crotch.


"Olive what has she do...." he began.


"She don't talk to you, perv. Now you gave me money and, your pick or get out."
a naked Vi demanded of the old man, who was a head taller then her.


Williams turned to the girl and started, "Violet I'm here to get..."


"Be a problem Little Lady?" Greg asked from the doorway to the living room. His
coal black skin was broken only by the white mess at his crotch. "This old
fucker giving you some shit??"


"Now you wait a..." Williams said shrinking back against a counter at the sight
of the naked black with a messed crotch.


"Fucker here had a freebie before and now he comes over here all hard and shit.
And is giving me shit over the price." Vi said. "What a perv!!!"


"I guess the little Lady wants your ass to leave.. Now you going to go peaceable
or does I just throw your ass through that there wall." Greg ordered.


Williams went whiter with freight. (He like most or you had never raised his
hand to another human being since grade school, and the muscled black was
obviously not going to be the exception.)


Williams raised his right hand with more money and sought to give it to the
Greg. He hopped this would assuage his predicament.


Vi grabbed the money away, and again demanded, "Blow job of fuck?"


"UM ... Ua .. Fuck.... " Williams managed to blurt out still starring at Greg
atanding there with his flcid drippy dick.


Vi reached into her jeans pocket and said, "Damn... Lonia I can not find my damn
key. Let me use yours."


Lonia looked over Gregs shoulder and said, "Don't look at me girl. I ain't got
no pockets.. Let him use her ass. That's better

anyway. She really likes having her ass done..."


Vi reached under O. She unsnapped her chain coming from O's cuntlock and looked
up disgusted at her parent. The chain and lock was sopping wet.


"You slimy slut.... Get over that hassock, belly down, and spread then cheeks.
Come on... come on bitch. Service your customer. You liked it from him before.
You'll love it this way."


OK Now O spread those cheeks for the perv here..


Groaning O complied..


"Now look I ... I mean ... She ne... I never I mean." Williams looked at the
valley between Olives white cheeks and could not believe these people were
selling his Olives ass hole. He had pleaded for this a thousand times and here
it was his all his...


"You got's a problem sucker. You got a case of the shorts..." Greg asked still
menacing the scene from the kitchen door.


Williams looked down and shook his head, "No problem I Just..."


"Well let me see you get it on and then I be sure their be no problem... Get to
it mother fucker... NOW!!!" Greg demanded.


Self continuos Williams unzipped his fly and knelt behind O's wide spread ass.
He fed his little organ into the dry hole. It stiffened at the thought and went
in easily, even though the hole was somewhat dry.


"Come on little fucker. Reach round there and grab them titties Come on ride
that bitch... Want me to come over there and give you some instructions. Bet his
ass be real tight." Greg said to Lonia. The girls giggled.


Horrified at the thought of the big black's suggestion, Williams bent over O's
back and grabbed her tits. Horrified he felt the metal rings there and heard her
moans.




                               Mother's Owner # 12
                                    by Paladin


Mr. Williams was trying to forget Greg's eyes on his ass. It was distracting,
after all he was where he had wanted to be for soo long. Now .. now he couldn't
enjoy it..


 Williams thought as he looked up and
did not see the black buck in the door way grinning at his every stroke.


Then Mr. Williams saw the black dick before his eyes. He almost lost his woodie
till it went lower and came to rest behind the raised hair of his former lover.
A black hand had raised O's head to meet the black cock again.


"Come on Misses.... Lick the dick time again... You'll got's to get into doing
more than one old fucker at a time... Specially old bastards like this un. He
probably take a whole minute to get his nut." Greg announced as he sat down in a
kitchen chair before the apprentice sucker. (Man should make himself comfortable
while he is teaching a bitch .. shouldn't he??)


Mr. Williams went on, despite the distraction of O servicing Greg at her other
end, shakily till he got his nut. It was a good one but not the best cum..


As soon as he withdrew from  O rectum Vi demanded,


"OK perv... Now go get more money if you want to use the bitch.. again.. Or else
stay home and fuck your old tired home bitch."


He withdrew a his slimy dick.. and sought to quickly stuff it away before the
black would see its smallish size..


"Come on man I know's you old folks got lots of money... Pay the girl and the
bitch'll do you again... Fast as you can get it up I see she do you..." Greg
informed the shrinking fucker. "Aw man don't go way... Just go get more long
green." Greg chided the old man.


Mr. Williams slunk out the back door without a word.  he resolved. Meanwhile he would go to his favorite bar.
There he would be a big man... He just ass fucked a bitch... No need to tell um
about the $$.. 


O was mouthing Greg for the fourth or so time when...


Knock.....            Knock...


"Olive...... Olive dear.... "


Startled O looked up but the black paw in the back of her head caused her to
continue with the servicing..


Violet went to the door and smiling thought,  as her eyes beheld an older woman..


"She is busy right now Mrs. Williams.. But you come on in... I'm sure she would
love to see you .. when she's done."


Martha Williams was old. She had the thick waist and wore those hangey down
shapeless dresses... so you couldn't tell what else was there underneath.


She stepped into the kitchen smiling at the young woman and looked around. Her
smile turned to a frown and then a look of absolute horror...


 Martha's brain began to register. She was
flabbergasted... Right in her neighbors kitchen?? Before little Violet's eyes?


Slam..... The door closed behind her and Vi informed her...


"I'm sure that mother will be done with the fucker in a couple of minutes...
Would you like coffee or he could do you... That is what you came for...isn't
it. You want a turn... Wouldn't you?? Greg here seems to be able to get it up in
no time... Or could you want a turn with MUMSEY... I really don't know which way
you swing... Which way is it.... you old bitch..."


Martha sought to slink away from the sight she had only recently comprehended...
Sliding along the wall she was almost to the door when the black man looked up
and smiled at her. He said,


"Sure nuff. I gots lots more in my nuts for you... Just get your dress off and I
be with you in no time at'l. Her mouth be getting real educated...now."


Martha whirled around but saw the kitchen door blocked by the smiling Vi. She
turned again and sought to exit out to the living room. Another girl, Lonia was
there, blocking that exit...


"Oh we have a guest." Lonia said. "Did you come to suck the black wennie....or
are you a lezzie come for her services??"


Martha horrified and distort froze. She let herself be sat down in a kitchen
chair by the two girls. She strove to be as far away from the nude coupling
couple as she could, but she needed the support of the chair. Her legs would not
hold her up. Vi pulled up her hair reaching behind her as Lonia held her two
arms rigid at her sides.


She felt her dress loosen and she tried to turn around but Lonia would not let
her.


"Just relax bitch... Or I'll have Greg here plow you a whole new ass hole...
When he is done with her.." Lonia said stairing in her eyes.


Horrified Martha slunk down into the chair, and tried to oppose the lowering of
her dress and bra by turning and wiggling. She looked down and saw her mammarys
were out already. Lonia shifted her hold and then the tugging down of her
garments went quickly. She found all her precious covering cloth, was now below
her thick waist and going down further. She tried to keep her ass down hard on
the chair, and thus retain some of her covering cloth.


She felt a pressure on her breast. Looked down she saw a black hand manipulating
her right mammary. She turned away and tried to get up and away.. Then she felt
the cloth coverings, she had so sought to keep, slip down past her hips to her
crotch and legs all this at the hands of little Violet and the other girl. Then
while her panties disappeared down her legs she heard.


"Would you look at this old tit?? I bet it was something bout 20 years before."
Greg observed with his examination of the shriveled old mammary. He was rolling
it around the wrinkled old chest, like a prospective buyer.. with a cantaloupe.


Martha horrified, tried to twist her breast from the black hand. Greg squeezed
and did some twisting of his own. She stopped immediately with a little cry of
pain.


"OOOO Ple...I nee... Pleas... I ha..." Martha finally found her tongue and
sought to make her will to leave known.


"AW now  don't go getting uppity... Mrsses... I'se just trying to be friendly."
another half twist and the old woman sat down hard and started to cry.." Now
don't be soo touchy. Lookie here. This bitch love to have me play with her tits
don't ya bitch?" Greg asked as he diddled O's left ringed tit.


Olive, who had up till then sought to keep her face down in the black crotch,
was forced, by a hand in her hair, to lift up and see the now naked Martha..


Horrified O kept her eyes down after the initial vision of the now naked old
bag. She reluctantly offered,


"Yes sir I like you to play with my..... tits."  O finally spit out.


Martha looked down at the naked woman who had till then appeared like a normal
neighbor. Something sparkling and green caught her eye. She starred and her
mouth flew open...


 Martha
thought, 


Martha tried to rise up again, but well, Greg's hold on her tit did not allow
her to. She sought to reach her hands to the now aching mammary, but Lonia's
hold on her arms did not allow this either...


She was the prisoner of these people... She had come over looking for that
Bastard Angelo and...  she thought 


"Now take O to her place, Vi. While Greg and I get this old bitch all fitted out
for her first black dick..." Lonia ordered. "Now come along dearie and the nice
boogie 'll do your pussy soo nice you'll never want any white meat near it
again. You did want a straight fuck dear.... Or should he do your ass hole??"


Vi's handful of O's hair caused her to crawl over to her corner.


Then she demanded,


"Position bitch."


O rose from her knees to a squat with her knees wide open and her hands went
behind her back. As if in a dream, she watched, the black man, she had been
sucking for the last hour, and Lonia lift Martha to her feet.


A little scuffling insued but finally Martha was positioned belly down, over the
hassock, where she herself had been a short while ago. The strap around it and
her waist held her trapped there.


Violet grabbed the gray hair and held it up.


"See the bitch there... Well You are going to be just like that soon... Now pay
attention to the posture..." Vi said as she reached out to the nipple rings on
her mothers breast. "Why I bet your tired old tits will look soo much better
when I ring you..."


Martha struggled to no avail. Her eyes perceived her neighbor quietly squatting
there nude with her... nipple... things...


She tried to lower her head and then she felt hands spreading her knees.


"NO NO I"LL give you money I'lll Do anything I'll" she started to plead...


Vi reached up to the sink and grabbed a dry sponge. She forced it all into the
Martha's pleading mouth, soap scum and all.


Martha felt knees between hers and then something metallic closed over her
trapped wrists. She tried to wiggle like a netted flounder, off the hassock.
Then she felt a hand spread her labia and something warm and greasy rubbing her
perineum..


"OAOAHFDHSOPDMDFHAU" Martha tried to object but stiffened when she heard...


"Old bitch like this and she be wet like a mother... Be some hot pussy here."
Greg informed all the women present. A tittering of the females informed her
that her secrete was out before the whole world. "Yea a old Peter can always
tell. Hot bitch like this wants it straight down the hole first time... she see
him. Then we see how tight she be... You'll find any money in her things. I
don't want to waste my nuts on just any poor bitch with a hot hole."


Martha went limp. 


She felt the black dick sliding through her labia to the mouth of her vagina.
There the size of the thing stopped it.


"Come on Mrsses... Open up for old Peter here. He be a knocking and he going to
come in... You just relax and he go easy on ya. We all knows you want his old
black hide in that nasty ass pussy of your'n. You don't have to play, cold cunt,
here no more. Just relax and let me fly you'll to the moon."


Martha shuttered and tried again to lower her head. She twisted and squirmed
hoping to...


"That be good Mrsses... He like a fighter... Be soo much better when you gives
him a moving target..." Greg taunted the trust up the nude old woman.


She felt it gain purchase in her vagina.. Her wiggling and his skill caused the
thing to snake its way deeper and deeper inside her. She gave up the fight. He
was in her. Their was nothing further she could do. She went limp.


"Aw yea... ya be a good bitch and I gives you the sweet part NOW!!!" Greg said
as he piled on old big Peter, with his whole massive upper body. Old Peter sunk
balls deep in her pussy hole.


Martha tried to rise up to get away but then she felt two small hands on her
nipples... She commenced to violently wiggle again.


She opened her eyes and saw little Violet handling her mammarys.


 Martha's mind
started to overload. She started to hump back to match Greg's every thrust. 


Then she felt those little hands pulling her nipples away from her breasts. She
looked down and saw the old skin stretching out in Vi's hand. She closed her
eyes again and concentrating on her humping...


Vi stuck her sholder under Martha's heaving chest, holding her up. Thus
obscuring the proceedings from the woman's eyes. She positioned her tool on the
right nipple and squeezed.. She all ready had the large gold hoop rings to
decorate these old tits.


SNAP....... SNAP...


It took a second for the burning pain to register, but by then she  had a second
wounded tit to contend with... Martha's nipples were on fire... 


Her attempts at vocal complaint went unheeded.. Movement only caused more
pain...


Vi worked quickly and had both the newly opened holes stuffed with large gold
rings from her own costume jewelry collection in no time. She backed away and
held the rings stretched from the winded nipples thus allowing Martha to observe
her now ringed tits...




                               Mother's Owner # 13
                                    by Paladin


Martha was torn between the pleasure of the pounding in her cunt, the burning
pain of her pierced nipples, and the horror of being naked before these
strangers in her neighbors kitchen. She could not think... She could not
scream.... Her tits cried out her debauchery.... She could not bear it.. She did
the only thing... as she felt the hose spewing in her cunt .. she passed out.


Vi was holding her head up by her gray hair. Greg was pumping out the last of
his juices into the bitches hole.


Lonia went over to the squatting slave, O. She stood before the slave for a
second before she slapped the slaves nipples.


This served to remind the slave of her response,


"How may I serve you, Mistress?" O inquired.


"Put your hands behind your head and stick out those tits. You are one slow
bitch and I'm going to fix that right now." Lonia demanded.


Quaking with fear O assumed the required position. Her aching exposed mammarys
stood right out there and waited for the inevitable stroke...


"Why are we going to tit whip these?" Lonia asked... pulling on the nipple
rings.


"I was slow to ask for your will." O answered hating every word she pronounced.


"Good you are not totally stupid. You realize your error. Now beg me to punish
them... Or I'll do it when your sitting on a hot sauce prepared dummy. We have
lots of that sauce.." Lonia reminded her.


Just the memory or the hot sauce inside her influenced her to beg...


"Please please Mistress Lonia.... whip my tits.... I deserve it.. I .... Please
whip my tits." O cried out.


SPLATT


"AAAAAAA"


"Now that one doesn't count. You must thank the one correcting you. Now we'll
try again. Don't worry...You'll get it right... We have all day and then some
people will come over and they will help in your training..." Lonia related to
her trainee raising the lone leash.


This tedious training went on and on....


Meanwhile Vi was happily toying with the now ringed tits of poor Martha. True
they were old and tired. Vi decided to make them her project. She would enliven
the almost useless organs.


"Greg did she give you a real good ride.... and when I did these." she asked
holding up one of her hand worked tits.


"Liked to pinched off old Peter when you did her. Too bad we can't do um more...
Bitch be awful slow other wise..." Greg answered from his position with his head
in the refrigerator. "Any beer, or something to wet my throat?"


Lonia looked over at his big black ass sticking out of the refrigerator and
commented,


"Not really Greg. How about you go get some things for the party. Chips etc...
Here take O's whore money. I know she'll donate it and herself for the party...
Won't you bitch??"


From her position, nude, chained, totally exposed, she was grateful for the
respite from her tit whipping. She readily agreed.


"Yes Mistress..." she managed.


Greg took the money, put on his clothes and left to do the errand that Lonia
wanted.


"Hope he comes back." Lonia said to Vi.


"You mean he'd steal from us??" Vi demanded.


"NAA He wants to come back and dip his wick in the bitches... but well the boy
has a problem. He likes knocking over convenience

stores..." Lonia answered..


"And you gave him our money?" Vi demanded.


"No body's perfect." Lonia commented, "Now lets get these bitches to work
cleaning up the place. Move all the furniture out of the living room and here
and your room. This group'll trash it all if we have it out for um. Come on
bitch!" Lonia commanded O by tugging her now attached leash and started the
slave on her task.


Vi tried to get Martha's help but she proved to be real balky. Lonia had to take
a hand, or rather a strap,then she worked well. That strap on a woman's tits
worked wonders...


After the rooms were clear the slaves were taken outside and hosed off in the
back yard.


Lonia came up with an idea to keep the slaves busy till they were needed.


"I don't want them standing around with nothing to do. Bring um back here to the
shed." Lonia ordered.


O by her cunt lock and Martha by her tit rings were lead to the little metal
shed. They were forced to clean it out of the implements and plants. Now the
slaves were forced into the '69' position and their nipple rings were joined
with locks.


Each was given a dildow and the command...


"Give the bitch before you a good fucking. When I come back here, if I do not
fine a pair of wet red holes I'll take a curling iron to the other bitch." Lonia
explained.. "And I don't want any talking... Just fucking... Oh O I almost
forgot... Here let me unlock your lips... There now Martha... You give her a
good fucking... Come on stroke ... stroke.."


Smack ... Smack...


"Come on bitches get them thing in there deep..." Smack.. "Martha Don't fuck
around... dig it right in there... Start in the ass... Just like you like that
old fart of yours... He was in there before. Can't you smell him.." Lonia
inquired.



Enraged and feeling the cylinder wielded by O bruising her uterus, Martha
commenced to forcing her dummy deeper into her neighbors ass hole.. 


O sought to please the bitch Lonia, She forced her dummy deep inside Martha till
it bottomed out. All the while she tried to keep her aching tits in contact with
their counterparts on Martha. She hurts soo bad every time she loses contact tit
to tit. Then she felt Martha's deep thrusts in her wide open ass...





Martha and O tired during their long girlie session but neither ceased totally
to torment the other... The metal shed was like an oven and the sweat fell in
torrents on the madly coupling women.


Every so often the door flew open and Vi or Lorna looked in to see that the
girls were hard at work... The strap encouraged the slacking slave to strain to
greater efforts...


Finally the door opened again and it was evident by the darkness that the night
had come.


Vi unlocked the tit to tit locks and relocked her mother's labia. Both exhausted
women were taken out on the lawn and hosed down. As the water was ice cold and
did not totally clean up the women from their 'days work'. During the 'washing'
a couple of drunken boys came out of the kitchen and help.


They joyously dug right into the work of cleaning up the shrinking naked women.


Here a young man, probably a virgin, was allowed free access to female parts of
an older, and in the case of Martha, Old Old, woman.


(Just think of it.. All those things you never get to handle... A real live tit
and these were with rings.. Stick your hand in the slit where you came from??
Finger a bitch as much as you like and she has no say. You wanna put the soap
in... Well use your imagination...)


Then the naked women, shivering and cold were taken in the house through the
kitchen with its plethora of bottles and snacks, to the living room. There the
slaves were forced down over the seat of two kitchen chairs. They were arranged
so their chests stuck out one side. Tits swaying free for anything, decorated by
rings of gold. Asses available at the other Each hand was tied to a chair leg
and each ankle was similarly joined to a leg.


Cunts were on the other side and for the party O's cunt lock was ceremoniously
removed and the fucking and sucking began...


You can imagine the noise and the reaction if this was a city apartment, but
this was the country and the only nearby house was the Williams residence.....
and we know they weren't home..


************************************


Late evening old man Williams came home. He wanted his dinner.. He was drunk and
disappointed. Martha was not there. She did not call his beeper or leave a
message or anything.


She must be at some friends place.. But who?? She never...


Angelo went in to the living room and sat in his favorite chair and as he had a
heat on from taking his 'ass fucking' story to the bar. He soon fell into a deep
drunken sleep...


He woke up and his neck was killing him.. He stumbled to the toilette and
relieved the used liquids from his pervious day.


Wait a minute something was wrong... No Martha... No lights...


Only the din from the Campbell's house.. He scratched his now full balls and
thought fondly of the smooth white ass of Olives that had soo occupied his
day... His shriveled old organ began to stiffen from that thought...



Looking around he had nothing to do... Nothing on the tube... and then their was
still that stiffie he needed to take care of.


His hand?? NAAA.... Martha? Better but well... Not here! He reached into his
pocket and found the folding cash he had just retrieved from the ATM..


If Martha ain't here now would she miss him? What would it hurt..


He would go over and see if the niggar was gone. Maybe he could do Olive's tight
little ass again... 


He took a sweater and sought to walk to the neighbors lit up and noisy house. He
saw groups of chorusing boys and half naked girls at every window of the house.
He cautiously approached the lights and sought to make out if the niggar was
there... He did not want to meet the black again.. As he was peering through a
window..


"Hay bud what you doing there??" A voice came out of the dark.


Angelo whirled and there was a squat muscular youth peeing off the porch into
the bushes.


"Fucker man asked you a question." came another voice from beside the first
youth on the porch.


Found out and unable to hide further Angelo answered, "UM I'M the neighbor and I
was looking for my wife.. Have you see..."


"Look you old fart, this here is a great party and Lonia has whores and quite a
spread.. You fuck it up by calling the fuzz and We'll come over to that crib of
yours later and redecorate you and you place.. Ken go get Lonia and see if she
wants us to break his legs for him... And you .. fucker you .. jest stand right
there."


"Run and your dog meat... I do the hundred in... aw never mind...

Just stay there till Lonia gets here...or else." the boy ordered.


A scared Angelo tried to look dignified and awaited his fate at the girls
behest.


Lonia at the news of the 'old dude' from next door had a wonderful Idea...







                               Mother's Owner # 14
                                    by Paladin


Lonia went to a closed and got down two ski mask and placed one over Martha's
head. This caused boos and such from the crowd as this would slowed down the use
of Martha's mouth. Besides that the wool fabric would chafed the girls tender
bellies but that could not be helped. Lonia demanded they leave the mask in
place..


Then she did the same with O. Again their were complaints but she was adamant.


With that part of her plan fixed she strode over to the door and stood on the
porch. Inwardly she had a plan to blow the old farts mind and now here was the
way..


"Well perv. What are you doing... Getting an eye full. That how you started with
Olive... or was it Vi you were after??" Lonia began.


"I I I was looking for my wife..." the cringing old man began.


"This perv been bothering Vi.. I bust his nuts... You just give

me the word Lonia." Ted blustered in his heated state.


Paying no attention to the drunken Ted, Lonia began sarcastically,


"Yea perv she is here fucking the boys and licking girls.. You know what a whore
she is.. What are you married years??"


"NO NO I know she isn't like that... I just, well, I hoped she might be... I
mean she might have left word that she was going some where..."


"After she came for a visit this after noon.. Yea we had high tea and discussed
your fucking O's tight little ass." Lonia taunted him. "You should have seen her
take to Greg's long black dick. Why she just took that boogie in her cunt and
was crying for more. Said your little fuck stick just did not do it for her.."


"OH GOD don't tell me that... I mean she..." Angelo said trying to doubt the
lurid story the girl was telling him..."Tell me it isn't so...Please..."


"OK fucker It isn't so... Now get out of here unless you got more money!" Lonia
demanded.. "Like Vi told you... You got the money we got a whore with your name
on her ass. Just for ya.."


"AH Well I do have some more mo..." Angelo began...


"AW Lonia let me bust his nuts... I ain't done a deballing job since the
Kingston game... That fucker'll walk funny rest of his spick life..." Ted
slurred after a couple of swigs of liquid refreshment from a small pint he had
with him..


Ted started down the stairs, staggering all the way, with his right fist
extended palm up, toward the cringing old man... The bottle was now shifted to
the left. (Have to keep your priorities straight...right!)


"TED!!! TED!!! No... I don't want him deballed... Leave him alone..." Lonia
ordered with her arms crossed over her ample tits. "Bring him up here and lets
see if he has enough money."


Ted, disappointed at the turn of events, used his right fist to grab the old
mans arm and drag him up to Loina on the porch. Another swig from his bottle to
keep up his buzz while he awaited Loina's pleasure...


"OK fucker, let's see the money or I might let Ted here deball you..." Lonia
said to the cowering man. "He likes that... He has a whole collection he took
after various games..."


Angelo quickly used his aching arm to get out his wallet. He opened it to take
out some of the folding green there but Lonia snatched the whole thing away from
him...


"Wait a...." Angelo began and he took a step toward the girl.


Ted slapped the back of his head and this stopped him dead in his tracks. "Shut
your cake hole and give her what ever she wants. Just remember she says one word
and I'll tear your balls off."


Angelo looked on with an ache in his neck and pleading in his eyes, as the girl
took all the green and then flipped the wallet into the bushes the boys had been
using for a urinal only moments before...



"Not enough for my nice whore but well I guess we could let him use the bag...
Pance him boys and if you give them one ounce of trouble, Ted gets your balls.."
Lonia pronounced as she turned and went back inside.


Ted took Angelo's belt off and pulled down his pants and shorts... Frozen with
fear Angelo did not offer any resistance when the clothes were thrown into the
bushes along with his wallet.


"Would you look at this... Boys I don't thing their is an uglier pud in all the
world. I mean... would you look at it.. Get your hands down fucker... Don't make
me mad I still think I could use these for my collection..." Ted said as he, now
um opposed rubbed Angelo's balls. "They 're too small for my human collection
but I bet they could pass for simian... Yea dried and covered with plastic, they
probably pass for Ape balls. These old fuckers will try anything to keep up
appearances.. Probably a transplant.."


Angelo was ready to leave. He was sick with fear and would have gladly run on
home and hid under his bed but the boys would not let him.. Taking his arms the
boys started to the door...


The door opened and Lonia observed, "Ted I told you not to deball him.."


"I never...." Ted slurred, holding his hand in the familiar scout honor sign.


"Yea but you must of pulled off his dick." Lonia demanded.


"I swany I never did... That's all we found... You want me to reach in there and
see if I can find any more... won't be no trouble at all ..." Ted said fishing
down for the rest of the dick in question..


"Na leave it .... for now... get him inside and see he uses the old bag... He
can use her ass... He seems to like ass fucking..." Lonia said.


The gleeful boys took old Angelo into the whoreing room and positioned him
behind the 'old bag'. Ted stood there and over saw the ass fucking of Angelo and
the 'old bag'.  An inquisitive group of boys and girls gathered to see the
coupling. (Yea even the old fuck!!!)


Performing on command and ogled by a group of youths Angelo took a long time..
Every time he got going at it Ted would leaned over and extended his right hand,
palm up on the bent over whores back, smiling.


"Be better if you gave um to me." Ted smiled.. "You can't do it anymore
anyway.."


Lonia finally had to take Ted aside and whisper something in his ear. The
drunken youth smiled and went out of the room.


Ted went out to his car and came back with a length or thin wire with a large
loop at it's end.


When he finally performed the boys, man handled Angelo out the door to the porch
and then accompanied him home... half naked. Can not be too careful. Old fellow
like that half naked, might could get mugged or something... (Lots of bad shit
goes down at night.) Then the boys decided, since his old lady wasn't there,
that they'd help and put him to bed.


Ted went to the closet door and busted a small hole through it with his fist
while the others stripped Angelo or his shirt.


Once he was positioned nude on his belly the boys made to leave but Ted still
wasn't satisfied and so he told the others he would stay here and keep the old
man safe for the night, from his position on Angelo's back.


The old man thanked the other boys and would have been happier if Ted too left,
but their was no dissuading him.. TED STAYED.


After the guys were gone for a minute Ted twisted around on the bed and asked
the man under his ass,


"Are you lonely... I mean without your old woman?"


Angelo tried to ignore Ted but that was not possible... Especially as he reached
down and slipped the wire noose over Angelo's balls.


"If she don't ever come home... You wouldn't kneed these now would you??" Ted
asked.. tightening the loop...


"N  I Mean I... I would like to keep my balls..." Angelo pleaded with Ted...


"But they are just the right size for a new collection I'm starting and I want
them.." Ted objected... "Think of it balls of all the animals... Why yours be
the first there..."


"NO NO Please... Lonia said to leave them alone... You wanted to.. please
her..." Angelo tried to influence Ted in his drunken state..


"Fuck that bitch... I want um and I going to take um... Old fart like you
shouldn't have things like that anyway... Look what they done for you tonight..
You've been peeping in Vi's window and that ain't right now is it... Now if I
had um ... say in a jar at my place... You wouldn't be tempted... and you could
come over and see um anytime.. you wanted..."


"Please no I don't want to..." Angelo pleaded...


"You're missing the point... It would be better for you... and Vi 'd be safer
from them and... Yea I think I'll just go to the kitchen and get me a jar or
something to keep um in till I get home.." Ted babbled on and on as he worked
himself up in his deballing logic.. As he got to his feet and started toward the
holed door.


He lifted Angelo to his feet and dragged him along to the door by the wire
leash. He fed free end of the noose through the hole and fastened the wire end
over the coat rack on the other side of the door.


As he staggered to the kitchen for a container, Angelo tried to to escape the
door. He could but his balls were going nowhere. Also Angelo could not reach the
taught wire to release it from the coat rack.


Ted returned with a large jar. He seemed disappointed.


"You still here... I thought you would have been long gone..." Ted observed and
he went around the other side of the door. He loosed the wire and now fed the
wire over the pole in the back of the closet.. He started to close the door,
careful to take up the slack in the wire noose as it went closed..


This put more pressure on Angelo's precious possessions...


Ted gently closed the door and took up all the slack in the line..


"Now then...Just like when you were a kid... and had a tooth ache. All you got
to do is open the door real fast... Then your problems would be over and you
could leave. Won't bother no one no more... Why you even be relieved of all that
pressure..."  Ted observed... as he fastened the wire over the bed post...


Angelo stood stark still.. He tried to inch away from the door but the cutting
pain on his ball sack stopped him...


"Perv is this going to take long... I mean I saw some beer in the frig.. I'll
just go get me one... You wa... naa you got a big decision to make.. Wann a keep
a clear head.. I be back in just a minute..." Ted staggered away. He paused at
the door and said "Now don't you go way..."   He staggered away leaving Angelo
to his thoughts..


It seemed like hours later Ted returned. He came right over to the captive and
reached out to checked on the fleshy orbs. He shook his head and went to bed
with the six-pack he found in the frig.. Nearly deballed Angelo as he almost
fell on the wire, but he didn't..


"Sorry...." he said as he avoided the wire and sat on the bed..


"You just take your time... we got all night.. You want I should just come over
there and hall that old door wide open??" Ted offered... "Huch.... I ..."


"NO NO Please .... No Lonia sai...." Angelo begged...


Ted lay back, sucked up some of the beers and fell asleep. Angelo sought to
become one with his closet door... he wondered..


It was a long night and Angelo experienced every second of every minute of it...
When ever he would slouch down the unyielding wire reminded him of it's
presence..


Every time Ted's breadth seemed to change Angelo prayed for him to sleep on..
The boy might fall over the wire... or just deball him out of frustration....


His prayers were answered .. Ted slept.


Then finally with the suns rays, the din from the party seemed to lessen. After
a while he heard someone come across the lawn and into the house...


"Martha... Martha... help me please...." he screamed...


Ted stirred.... "Hu.... wh.... Who is't..."


The door opened and the youth was on his feet in a second.... He stood like an
animal ready to defend his territory. as the bed room door opened he smiled and
let down his guard....


Lonia came into the room. She perceived the set up and went to the closet door..
She took the handle in her hand and started to open it....


"NO NO Please don't I nev...I'll give you money I...." Angelo begged...


"Ted really wants your balls... and I DON'T WANT YOU AROUND HERE AT ALL" She
said. "Martha came over last night and we had a long talk... About your ass
fucking ways. She did not seem to really enjoy your ass fucking... She said
something about a perverted  bastard..... Now I'm sure from her reaction...she
really really  wants you gone... Perv.. Balls or no... Makes no difference to
her.. Now what should I do..."


"Please I'm gone... I'll leave and never come back... I" Angelo begged...


"Well I'm soft hearted but Ted here wants something for his trouble... How bout
we give him your dick??" Lonia cooed... She reached into the hole Ted had made
in the door and stroked the limp organ in question...


Angelo was horrified... He did not want....


"NAAA", Ted said, "I ain't no queer...It's the balls or nothing.." Then when
Lonia shook her head Ted, disgusted, stalked out of the room and back to the
other house. The one with the whores and the booze..... just next door. (He had
a powerful thirst for one or both..)


Lonia pulled the closet door slowly and demanded, "If I find hide or hair of you
around here, Perv,   I'll let Ted have these little things... YOU GOT THAT???
Perv."


"Yes yes I'm gone and I will never come back.." Angelo vouched and he was never
seen again...





                               Mother's Owner # 15
                                    by Paladin


Lonia released the old mans balls from the wire loop. He started his packing
right away. He had most of his things together even before she left... She was
sure he would be gone in an hour or so. Maybe she would send Ted to check on
things in an hour. He'd be happy to..


She went back to the Campbell's wrecked home and released the new

whores from their serving places. She had them suck and lick up the overflow of
their nightly servicing from the floor around their places.. Then with her
trusty lash she got them washing and cleaning up the house.


Vi and she over saw each of the rooms preparation as this was the date of Vi's
fathers return. Everything had to be just as it was before Olive's recorded
digressions.


Doug arrived promptly at 10am as he had been requested.


He had a bunch of prints from the disk, and the disk. Vi took the slaves outside
and hosed them off. Then they were made to soap each other and remove the sticky
film from each other privates.


Soon they were clean inside and out. Holes and lips were real red though, but
then they would toughen into it...


When they were dry Vi fastened Martha to a chair, kneeling, by her tit rings.
Then she called Chad out there. He was encouraged to sit in the chair astride
Martha's head. She eagerly took the small woodie to heaven.. (Want to make a
sucker suck?  Just don't feed or water her before her performance..)


Once that was settled, Vi took O back inside and sat her down at the kitchen
table. The pictures were there, laid out in roughly chronological order along
with a big new album. (Laura wanted it engraved but 'My Whoredom' versions were
not in stock... Pity!)


"O this is going to be the story of your new life as whore to the world. Write
your name and age on the inside cover. Do it nice and neat now. This is your
permanent record. Then on the first page..." Lonia ordered.. "Write your whore
name. One big red 'O'. Great, Now paste this picture there next to the name. Now
no one will confuse you're book with someone elses.."


Then she was required to write a commentary on how she needed dick soo bad she
had seduced the old man next door, the post man's, a traveling sales man, who
had stopped by...etc... All were added to her list of fuckers. Along with the
names, dates were all included to document her whoredom. Their was also, self
confessed, allegations of bestiality and longings for certain of the
neighborhood children all in her own handwriting.


Then the pictures that Doug had of her nude in bed were dated and signed. The
blurred people were delineated and O attested to this and previous dalliances
with old Mr. Williams. (The Perv..)


The classic shot of O's peeing in the parking garage also located and dated for
evidence of her nasty perversions in public places.


The pictures went on and on. Anyone, even a casual observer to

this book would know that O was a whore... a loose woman.. a kinky bitch ready
for any stiff dick that came along.


O sat there, with her ringed nipples shaking more as each picture was revealed
and noted in her own hand. The clarity at once, horrified and delighted her,
causing her cunt to flow all over the chairs seat. She became soo hot Vi had to
take her outside and hosed her off again with the freezing cold water again,
before they were done.


"Really she is such a slut that this is all we can do to keep her from going
crazy." Vi explained to a laboring Chad.. "Is the old bag doing a good enough
job for you, stud? I could encourage her with a couple of lashes to her tits!!
If you want... "


"AHA A W WELL UH I I man..." Chat spit out between labored breaths.


"Really Chad you must learn more restraint with women... Do you want to change
cock suckers?" Vi finally demanded to stop his babbling.. "This one here is
fresh and I can beat the shit out of that one for failing you."


Martha, at the sound of this comment, hollowed her cheeks and tried her
damnedest to suck the pud off the boys bod..


Chad just smiled and after digging his fingers in the old gray head, and coming
again, shook his head...NO!!!


"Well why didn't you say so... MEN!!" Vi said as she lead O by the leash
attached to her cunt lock back into the house. O began again, after licking the
chair seat clean of girlie juice, to past up and note the rest of the pictures
into 'HER' album. This took some time and again resulted in a wetting of the
chair seat. O was forced to clean it up after the paperwork on the album was
done.


With the tasks completed, O was again positioned in her corner, squatting with
all her parts displayed. Vi attached the chain to her cunt lock and stepped back
to look at the display...


"You know Lonia I think she is still hiding too much of herself from us there...
I know let me go get ....." Vi said as she ran to the master bedroom and
returned with a small object of smoke colored plastic on one side and a mirror
on the other in her hand.... She handed it to a bewildered O and then ordered.


"When some one comes in you are to say??" Vi demanded.


O quickly responded, "How may I serve you Mistress?"


"Yea right.. Now you hold that little mirror there under you ass and show your
brownie too..." Vi said with glee, "You understand me bitch..."


Blushing crimson O lowered her head. Positioned her hand, and said in a very low
voice... "Yes mistress."


"Move it a little to the right. That way the lock is in th...Yes Just like that.
Come here Loina... Look at our little whore's brownie.." Vi requested.


"Well that sure shows off her best feature. I think it is darling.. You're ass
hole is soo cute. Aren't you happy to show

it off for us, O?" Lonia said with a gleam in her eye. "I know it will be a big
hit when we have guests." Lonia just had to get the camera and record the new
display. (For the album of course.)


In tears O responded, "Yes Mistress.."


Lonia came over and ordered, "You got me soo hot I need my brownie done. You
really wanted to do my brownie didn't you, you big slut."


"Yes mistress" came the strained reply.


Lonia took off her jeans and mounted O's upturned face...


O found the stinking brown furled rose and stabbed it with her tongue.. She was
denied access. It was closed tight till she had licked it into submission. Then
she was allowed to access the inside of it, no problem...


"AH I think we found her true calling... A lesbo whore..." Lonia want on as she
came all over O's forehead and hair...


Vi went outside and found Chad passed out and Martha straining nonstop over the
poor little pud..


Vi disengaged the sucker and nudged the half naked boy on her front porch.


"Well stud, What say I put this old whore away... I really thank you for the
developing you did for me..." Vi pecked the boy on his right cheek and then
ordered, "M show your manners. Kiss the balls and say your thank you's and stuff
to the nice stud for providing you with such a nice cock to suck on.."


Martha lips were soo sore but Vi had her nipple rings in her hand. A little
pressure and Martha thanked Chad profusely for his thin sperm snack for the
morning.


The old woman was in a daze. 


Chad looked down at the old woman and felt his pud begin to stir but Vi led the
old woman to the kitchen door..


"AH VI AH.... Could I I mean..." Chad tried to think of some thing.. anything to
keep Vi and the whore with him.


"Look Chad we have things to do and my daddy is coming home this afternoon. He
wouldn't take kindly to you being here with your dick in your hand. I bet he'd
probably just get a kitchen knife and cut it off... So you better go home, and
be sure and put it away before you leave. Why you could slam your car door on
it.." Vi chided the flustered boy...


Slamm


Carefully tucking his limp pud inside his underpants and this time he pulled up
his jeans before he tried to leave. With his pants in place, Chad got up from
the chair. He saw stars before his eyes. He had to hold onto the railing and
carefully stagger over to the stairs.


In his weakened condition he took the stairs slow as his balls seemed to be all
hollowed out and now he knew what the hand rails were really for. (Boy needed
more protein in his diet.)


CREEK


The front door opened and Lonia came back outside. Hopefully Chad glanced up as
she extended her hand.


"Could you do these for us." She said as he took the offered disk.





Overjoyed at his good fortune he stammered,


"Y YY YEA I could hav un In ab..."


"No Daddy is coming and Vi and the whore have to look their best. Come over
tomorrow... I'm sure I can scare up some pussy for you then... Say tenish....
Who knows stud?? I may just fuck you myself.." Lonia informed him. She opened
the robe she was wearing and flashed him. "Think you can handle this??"


The open mouth stair was what she was going for. Chad stood there as the door
closed off his vision of her.


He leached to his car. After he managed to get in and sit carefully  in place,
he just sat there resting for a while. He had had a hell of a day and it was
what?? 11am.. Finally he fired up the motor and peeled out. He was remembering
Vi and the cock sucker.  Chad hopped. 


Lonia took some smelly chemical and removed the rings in O's nipples. She placed
a small flesh colored thread inside each hole and ordered,


"You lose those and the holes close over, well, we'll just have to drill some
new ones all over again. You wouldn't want that again would you whore? Next time
we use daddy's drill with a large bit.."


O resolved to never lose the thread. Her nipples were just now beginning to feel
somewhat normal. 


Vi brought down her sheerest robe and placed it on the kitchen counter. Then
after some discussions Lonia took M, leashed her tit rings and departed for the
other house. Martha, her hands behind her as ordered, struggled to keep up with
the tugging of her nipple rings.


Vi then began to instructed her mother,


"Stand up bitch."


O complied and Vi removed her cunt lock. Again small flesh colored thread were
fed in and would keep the holes from closing up for a short while.



"Now when dad comes in you put that robe on and make 'nice nice' to him.. You
know just like when old man Williams did your asshole yesterday... What ever he
says you do it.. and you will do it like it is the only thing in the world you
want to do... Do you understand me??"


"Yes mistress. " O said still naked with her hands behind her looking down.


"Ok now cook something nice for the return of your lord and master...." Vi
ordered smiling at her nude subservient parent.


O went about her chores and almost forgot that she was naked. When they heard
the car drive up, Vi demanded,


"Put on the robe and be a nice, bitch. Remember the album and all the nice notes
you made in it. You would not want me to show those to him would you?"


"Yes mistress. I mean No mistress...."


The kitchen door opened and Daddy came in. Vi ran over and sought to turn her
father on with her sweater covered tits in a vigorous chest massage.


When he pushed her away she acted hurt, but noticed with glee that he was
sprouting a woodie... 


O did the same after a stern dark look from her daughter...


Daddy was now visibly shaken by the women of the house. 


"Look girls I have been on the road for quite a while. What say I take a shower
and then we eat what ever it is smells soo good. Then we can catch up on the
goings on of our household, Ok??"


Vi pouted and acted hurt but her dad would not be dissuaded. He went to the
shower in the master bedroom.


When the water was heard running Vi took the robe way from O and ordered her,


"Go give him a good blow job... Don't take no for an answer.... and if you know
what's good for you it better be a ball drained. ..... Now go get that cock."


O reluctantly went to the sound of the water. Charles and she did no... well
they were mor...


Vi who was standing behind her grabbed her hair and threw her into the bathroom
portion of the bedroom. She turned to see Vi holding the dreaded album.




                               Mother's Owner # 16
                                    by Paladin


Reluctantly O went to the shower curtain and looked back. Vi smiled and shooed
her mother into the flowing water..


With no other choice O parted the curtain and smiled at her husband. She reached
for and secured her hand around his little pud. 


"W.... wha... Olive w wha... you wan... You ne...Olive dear I mean...I O Olive
dear O   O OOO.... " Vi waited smiling as she heard the fumbling of her parents
at play.. Knowing she had caused the deeds...


When O emerged from the water flushed and wiping her mouth, Vi smiled and
pointed back into the flowing torrent.


O shook her head and... started to disobey till Vi held up the album page of her
head in Lonia's crotch..


Horrified at what her husbands reaction to this would be, she turned and went
back into the cordoned off area..


"Olive what, do you.... Again.... My what a nice soft mouth you AHHAAA..... I
never ... I mean we..." Then the inevitable huffing and puffing and... then the
exhalation of the held breath... being expelled in pleasure..


It took a longer time this time and Vi put the book away. She waited till the
water stopped. Then when her mother came out of the bath room portion dry, to go
fix the food she stopped her and pointed back at the bathroom door.


"Get in there whore and fuck him blind... You know how.. just like Mr. Williams
liked your ass... go get that dick..."


Olive was beside herself with horror. Fucking all night and day at her daughters
behest had conditioned her to obey, but this was Charles... She and he
didn't..... He only was good for once...


She shook off the flimsy robe and went back, reluctantly, into the bedroom and
them...


"Olive Olive what has gotten in to... you never wan...Olive I don't think I
can.. What you are.. No you never let me... You .... OH god it is soo tight in
you... Olive you are soo hot... AHHH>>>AAAAA!"


After a while Olive dragged her self out of the bedroom and this time Vi let her
pass to fix the supper. She purposely waited till 'daddy' came out of the room.


Vi was pleased to see he was dragging....  Vi brushed
past 'daddy' making sure her soft tit meat rubbed his arm, she said,


"I just wann borrow mother's..OH Daddy you are soo solid... You make me feel..."
Vi cooed at her freshly bathed and fucked parent... He starred at her.. 


During the meal Vi continually ordered O, with hand gestures, to show her tits.
Bend over and have the robe show her ass, or pubic hair.. When ever she passed
dads chair she went close enough to tit rub his head or shoulder or what ever..


The flesh like feel or the sweater and the flashes of skin caused Charles to
become aroused again... His balls began to ache but well.. He could not help
it... (Who could??)


Olive could not understand it but she went along with it and soon Charles
sprouted another woodie... He rose from the table and grabbed his half naked
wife and took her straight to bed room...


There O did her duty with cunt and ass and afterward she wound up licking and
licking the flaccid organ of her nearly chomotose husband.


Charles finally secumed. He was totally out of it...


Vi opened the door and again with hand signals ordered O out to the kitchen.
There she was again cuntlocked in her corner naked and awaiting her daughters
order.


Vi picked up the phone and dialed a number while standing over her subservient
tired parent.


"Ready" was all she said. Then she hung up the phone and reached down to play
with her mothers left tit.


"Mother you really have nice tits, but I think they are better set off by their
decorations. Here put them back in...NOW!!"


Vi handed her mother a pair of long hangie down crystal ear rings she had found
in Martha's jewelry box. They were long and thin and hung down between O's
thighs pulling on her nips.


"Lick me while we wait whore..." Vi ordered.


O shuttered and did as ordered. If Charles came out here she wou...


Lonia came over and stood over her as a wet cunted Vi slipped away.... and went
up the hall.


After a long quiet time Vi came back out . She was nude and smiling. She said to
Lonia... "Mission accomplished...go get the old bag.... Now we totally fuck up
his mind.."


Lonia said "She is right outside."


Martha nude and ringed was brought in and taken to the bedroom.


Vi mounted O's upturned face and demanded,


"Clean out the dribble... I mean honestly mother you left almost nothing for
me... You whore..."


After two hours Lonia took the old woman out of the house and soon returned. Vi
departed for the bedroom and in an hour she returned... again nude and
panting....



Lonia went into the bedroom and she too spent about an hour...


Then O was again brought in to milk her husbands cock. When she saw the bright
lights, the tangled weave of bed clothes, and the sweating flesh of her mate she
was dumbfounded.


Vi was there feeding her father with her left breast.. and cooing softly in his
ear..


Her Charles sucking on Vi little nipples. Vi ordered her in a low voice and with
hand gestures to,


"Such the cum out of his pud and be quick about it whore.."


Lonia guided her to his flaccid well used dick. It was soft and red from much
use.. O began to suck on the greasy little thing and with the encouragement of
the lash to her ass she got it a little hard...


Charles was out of his mind. 














Through it all their was the lights.. The different women now came at him now in
pairs. Then the colors got brighter and the drained of his pud could find no
more... It all went dark... black velvet darkkk..


It was dark when Charles came too and he was not in his bed.. He was somewhere
else.. He was soo week and he could feel something metallic against the front of
his left arm. Behind it was the soft feel of warm soft pliable loose flesh..


He peered over his shoulder and there was the old women from next door. He
panicked.


In horror he tried to roll away from her but the metallic rings protruding from
her breasts stayed at his arms. They were joined around his left arm.. some way
and he could not escape. her tits stayed right there with him whatever way he
twisted or turned.


"Jack his dick M." came a voice and the blazing lights were switched on.


Charles felt a wrinkled old hand capture his organ and begin to rub the
shriveled thing. As he tried to pull away he ran into another set of rings. He
looked over and found Olive there attempting to cover him in her ringed
cleavage...


Looking up he saw Violet smiling and saying...


"Come on daddy. The bitches... will be more than willing to do you forever...
Aren't you lucky??"


Then Vi stood up and slid her naked pussy over his face thus obscuring his
vision from all but the hairs of her labia.


When he next came to contiousness he had the old woman behind him and Olive
sitting on his face and someone licking his balls..





Charles slowly came back to continuousness and he found himself suspended spread
eagle in a garage with two boys...


Their was a wire running from his balls up infront of his eyes. One of the boys
attached a gallon bottle to the wire. Then he peeded into the bottle.


At first their was a slight tugging to Charle's balls but soon he was pleading
with the youth to stop..


"You perverted bastard..." The youth screamed at him.... "You raped your own
daughter... You raped your little Lonia.. You raped your neighbor...... So we
are going to just castrate you you prevert...."


"NO PLease I didn... I don know... I did but I..." Charles pleaded.. 


"Don't lie to me you raped um all and they will all testify.. You will be in
jail for the rest of your life.."


"Please Please I did not mean it...I.." Charles begged..


The second boy took the half full bottle began to pee into it...


"NO NO NO DON"T.." he pleaded for the pressure of the wire was now cutting into
his sack.


Out of the light came a naked Violet. She went over and held up the bottle...
Shaking the vile contents in his face and smiling she began..


"Daddy what you did was baddd." She was now swishing the vile smelling yellow
stuff around under his nose..  "You need to be punished.. I should just drop
this and it would fix you good you rapist.."


"Pleas Darling I didn't mean it... I don't know what came over me..." he
begged..


Lonia came out of the haze and started shouting,


"Rapist Violet drop it.. Fix the bastard for good. Rape you. Rape me.. He
deserves it..."


Charles lowered his eyes and when he looked up the girl was gone. Violet was
there and the boys.


"Daddy do you really love me?? I mean really... forget mother. You are mine now.
Lonia and I will be incharge from now on.. Do you agree?? Or do you want me to
call the police or should we settle this here and now between ourselves?" Violet
demanded holding the wire encircling his captive balls in her small hand..


"Darling I did not mean... to..." Charles stammered. His little daughter... The
police.... he would be ruined.. "Your mother wil..."


"Forget that bitch... Now do you agree or do I drop this and go for the police.
Lonia and Martha and mother will all testify against you..." Voilet reached down
with her left hand and fondled the balls that made her..


"Darling I..... I ..... " he tried to find the words.


Violet lowered the bottle and the wire started to cut his ball sack...


"OK OK OK IIII Please I'll do what ever you want... I'll..." he begged...


Violet took off the noose and had the boys take Charles down and back to the
bedroom. There he spent the next week there lost in one or another pussy with
out end...


(Charles made his choice... What would you do???)




                               Mother's Owner # 17
                                    by Paladin


Now that Charles was under their control the girls, Violet and Lonia, had the
run of the neighbor hood. Hell they had the world at their feet.


(Funny how popular they could be with two female sex slaves and the total
obedience of Violets father..)


When Charles Campbell went away again on a long trip he had to call in every
night to them.


The girls held the purse strings. He had to account for every cent to them and
every minute of his time..


Olive, now freeded from her marital duties, began to accompany her daughter to
bars and parties...


Everyone waited in suspense for when Violet or Lonia would order the former
house wife,


"Strip for the people, Bitch!"


O would comply and was immediately the center of attention. Every time she was
slightly different. (Different rings.. fuller tits.. Lengthened labia....)


Electrolysis had totally removed her pubic hair and the little cunt lock was now
a large anodized (gold) bicycle lock hanging down between her thighs.. This was
all ways there, at the start of the exhibition of the whore.


Sometimes the girls made a game of it, other times they just opened the lock of
O's pubis for party use. (If the fee was high enough.)


O would stand there, during the game phase, and patiently wait to see if someone
could crack the lock. If the girls felt like it they would opened the lock. If
not everyone had to pay and poor Olives ass hole was sore for a day.. or two..


Martha proved very popular with the younger boys. Some described it like this...


("Man it's like,.. you know man..., like doing old mom... at home...")


At night after the slaves were put away Lonia and Vi played girlie games among
themselves.


One night, while Charles was to be gone for two weeks, Lonia talked Vi into some
new bondage games. Lonia chained Vi to the bed posts and, with the aid of a
strap on dummy, drove the girl to distraction...


Violet awoke the next morning with Greg pumping her sore ass hole with his long
thick dick. She stretched and tried to roll over to her back...but her bonds
would not allow this.


Vi shook her head and tried to tell Greg to lay off.. Then she found that her
mouth was stuffed with a wide thick dummy. She commenced to shaking and trying
to make Greg quit...


No effect... It even seemed to encourage him on to further efforts...


Greg tired after what seemed like hours and another long cocked

stud went at her ass hole anew... This one lacked the thickness of Greg but he
made up for it in length...


 Vi thought as she tried to relax and
think of a way to get back at Lonia for her sore ass hole.



Suddenly she looked up and there was naked old Martha.... She had the long
plastic thing Lonia had introduced her to in O's training.


Viewed from this angle 'The Pleasurizer' appeared impossibly long and thick...


Lonia's voice came from the other side, and Vi turned to see her friend
ordering,


"M be firm with her... She is such a bitch as of late..."


Martha disappeared behind her and the stud was replaced by the rippling grooves
of cold impersonal plastic.


"I know what a hot ass bitch you are so I kept it in the freezer over night. See
if you can soften it... Martha.... slow and steady... slow and steady..." When
Vi tried to pass out Lonia used ammonia to revive her... "Now that is soo
inconsiderate... I arrange for this ass opening and you fall asleep on me.
Martha.. to the balls. Lets show hot ass here who is boss here."


Violet now knew what the others had experienced... Her belly was full to
bursting and still the thing progressed in her vitals kept coming. Then it
reversed direction.... Vi felt as if her innards were being extracted.. Martha
started to saw back and forth over her former tormentor... M was very
motivated.. Vi ass hole was being opened like the other women, but as she was
younger her's was more elastic. No matter... Lonia was very inventive...


When Martha tired and the lash could not bring the desired response, Lonia
herself took a turn at the now gaping ass hole.


Every time Vi sought to escape by passing out, the ammonia awakened her choking
and gasping for breadth..


*****************************************


The next day Lonia awakened her by placing a small firecracker in her ass. The
presence of which was not felt till...


BANGGGGG


(Talk about awakening with a bang!!!)


Then it was screw the cunt day at the Campbell residence.. Vi had the cunt that
was being screwed and their seemed to be no end to the pricks for her servicing.


At days end Martha came in and the trusty 'Pleasurizer' again saw service...


Martha was very happy looking little Vi in the eyes as she did the bitches cunt
to pieces..


***************************************


The next day Vi was awakened to see Martha sucking on her small nipples. The old
woman had the little pink organs hard in no time. Quickly she took up some
needle nose pliers. Stretched out the stiff nubbins to the maximum and with one
of her old blunt darning needles proceeded to pierce Vi breasts just behind the
aureoles. The blunt needles was Martha's idea. It took longer but it made a
larger, rounder hole and Lonia liked the effect. Vi was not consulted and in
fact had to be revived numerous times during the proceedings. (Piercing behind
the aureoles is more secure there, but it does take a much bigger ring.. Again
Lonia liked it...)


Vi was sure that M had split her tits in two, such was soo much pain...


Lonia looked over the work and told her,


"My that M is a treasure... Just look at the wonderful tit rings she did for
you... Aren't we lucky to have such a talented bitch... Why it is soo good I
think I'm going to let her do your cunt... too.."


Vi shook her head... She tried to plead her erstwhile partner,


"NO... NO..."


All that came out from the behind the dummy in her mouth was some incoherent
babbling and gurgling.


"Martha come here and bring that curved needle you want to use on this bitch."
Lonia ordered.


It took two of the boys to get Vi's legs positioned, but soon her ankles were
secured to her collar. Thus folded in half Vi waited for her cunt
modification...


Martha and Lonia were seated comfortably at the cunt side of the table. They
toyed with the labia folds for a while and discussed the merits of one
continuous pierce vs. two smaller holes that could be expanded little by little.


All the while Vi was shaking and trying to plead for them to stop. It was to no
avail...


Lonia finally tired of the discussion and stood up and walked around the table.


"Go on do it M, but do it slowly so she can appreciate the care you are taking
with it. You fuck it up and I'll tear your's off with the tin snipes from the
garage.."


When Lonia was by her head she squatted down and showed Vi something in her
hand. It was an anodize bicycle lock, but this was a new one, pink in color.
(Can you guess where this one will be housed in the near future?? can you say
cuntlock??)


"Greg tells me their is a big market for mother-daughter fuck pairs. You know
the pervs love the lezzie shit. Well we talked about it and decided that if it
was O and our own little Vi.. why Greg tells me we will make a fortune. So you
see their is really no choice.." Lonia explained to the horrified victim.


"Here let me hold your head up so you can see what a good job M is going to
do..."


Vi's crotch seemed to explode with the piercing of the needle and then the words
sunk in.. Vi tried to shake her head... She was a partner... Lonia couldn't do
thi... 


"Really Vi... pay attention... Look what a good job Martha is doing... I know
you would be impressed..."


"You done... so soon??" Lonia demanded. "Damn. She fell asleep again.. Ah well
it looks soo good, here see if the lock fits.."


"Great.... Now hand me the bottle.. This bitch has some ass holes to lick... Her
training will not allow these rest periods she keeps taking..."


*************************************


When he got home no one was there to greet him. Charles looked and did not find
any of the cunts that usually greeted him with a wet cunt or mouth or ass hole.
He was bewildered.. and a little disappointed.. Lonia really lit his fire...


Then after an hour or so the phone rang..


"Would you come to the fair grounds at 8 pm Charles." Lonia's voice demanded.


"Yes, but where are the... I mean where is Olive and Violet??" he inquired.


"No time to talk got a million things to do before the show. Just you be here at
8. Bye.."


The phone went dead in his hands.





*********************************************


When he got to the fair grounds their was a circus playing. A small seedy one...
but a circus nun the less...


Charles had a time but finally found a parking space, way the hell in the next
county it seemed. He was late when he got to the gate, He was really pissed off.
Where were his women...fuck toys....


"You're late you miserable fuck." Lonia admonished him.


"Look where is..." he started but Lonia turned and walked away down the midway
toward a row of tents.


He had all he could do to keep up through the crowd and then when she turned
into the private housing area he caught up.


"Where is...." he began again..


"Shusss don't make a scene or I'll have them throw you out and maybe break a few
things along the way." Lonia said indicating some of the men hanging around the
back stage area she had lead him too.


Seeing they meant business Charles held his tongue and followed Lonia threw the
semi darkness, to the side of the stage. The barker was just announcing the next
act..


"LADIES.... and ... GENTLEMEN..... WE HAVE FOR YOUR PLEASURE TONIGHT HERE ON
STAGE FOR THE FIRST TIME ANYWHERE.... LONIA'S  TRAINED CUNTS..."


Quizzically Charles looked at the slip of a girl beside him. She was starring at
the stage like an expectant mother.


As Lonia and Charles looked on, from the other side of the curtain came a naked
Martha leading two tiger striped painted females by cunt leads. Crawling along
with their ringed tits swaying below them as they came...


Now Charles knew where his fuck toys were.... His hard on revived immediately..
along with every male in the audience..


Martha cracked her whip on the young ones ass. Vi quickly scooted

over and sat on a raised platform. She knelt up and shook her ringed tits. The
little bells jangled and in the stunned silence of the audience, they were heard
thorough the whole tent.


Snapp


The older cunt, O, assumed her position and she too shook her belled tits. Again
the ringing could be heard. In the spot light, the colored cunt locks, with the
leashes attached, gleamed.


Snapp Snapp


The girls rushed together and began to tit rub each other.


"THESE ARE A MOTHER-DAUGHTER LEZZIE PAIR. VERY RARE YOU FIND SUCK SLUTS AND IN
THE SAME FAMILY... LUCKY FATHER.. THESE ARE TO OUT KNOWLEDGE THE ONLY PERFORMING
PAIR IN THE STATE...HELL THEY MAYBE BE THE ONLY ONES DOING IT IN THE COUNTRY...
OUR MANAGEMENT HAS SPARRED NO EXPENSE TO BRING THIS ATTRACTION TO...."


The announcer hyped the act. Martha showed off the fine points of the team and
in general did her part.


Charles was horrified. His wife.... His little daughter.... He...


A soft female hand circled his woodie, and began to jack him off through his
pants..


"I got a contract for 26 weeks for them. They will travel with the rest of the
caged animals. Think of it, PARTNER, and the crowd loves um... The pervs..."
Lonia explained to the climaxing man...


"NOW FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO WOULD LIKE TO...UH...ER.. SPEAK WITH OUR ...ER...
PERFORMERS... THEIR ARE THREE SMALL TENTS BEHIND THIS GATE... BUY YOUR TICKETS
AT THE BOOTH... NO MONEY IN THE TENTS... THESE ARE NOT....." the barker drowned
on and on but Charles and Lonia did not care...


The line was long and the girls worked till the early hours of the morning...


the end for now....





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Paladin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





