BDSM Library - Underwater Hell




Underwater Hell
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Trapped in an underwater research facility, several female researches learn the meaning of pain and agony...
WARNING: By reading this story you must be 21 and able to differentiate between
fiction and reality.  The author of this story would never condone any of these
types of actions in real life just in fictional stories...Please do not copy or
use my material unless you ask...

 The following story depicts EXTREME torture and violence...




Underwater Hell

by Baer-chen


"NO MORE PLEASE!!!!" the young brunette begged as another large man approached
her from behind.  She was bent and over a large wooden table with her legs
spread apart so her ass was easily accessible to the 8 or so men who had
sodomized her in the last couple of hours.  Jenny could barely scream any longer
but the attacks continued to come.  One after another the men were taking turns
ramming their cocks into her small but firm ass.   The underwater science
facility had been taken so quickly that Jenny and several of the other
scientists had not been able to react. 

Jenny had been working in the underwater science facility for almost 5 months
now.  The only contact she had, had with the outside world was the 4 female
scientists that had become virtually become her family.  During college Jenny's
had been an honor student, but her gorgeous looks betrayed her intelligence. 
Running track for the university team had given her a body that many women would
have died for.  Nobody seemed to care who she was on inside or about the
intelligence she possessed, they all wanted to know her for the perfect D-sized
breasts that she tried so hard to hide.  Now she had graduated, finished her
Master's, achieved her doctorate's in Oceanography and was working on an "top
secret" government assignment on the ocean's bottom.   The all female team had
been formed in order to keep the researchers focused on the project at hand. 
Once every two weeks the other scientist were allowed "shore leave" to satisfy
any "cravings" that they might have had but, Jenny never participated.  Jenny
had thought it was intimidating that she was the youngest member of the team at
26, but she liked the fact that the other women respected her for her brains and
nothing else.

A man had attempted to rape her once when she was finishing her Master's degree,
but an off duty cop had saved her.  There was no saving her now.  Tears streamed
down her face as she felt the cum of the last assailant dripping out of her ass. 
The cum of the previous men was beginning to dry all over the back of her legs
and had formed a small puddle on the floor.  Jenny's body was trembling as she
waited from the next assault to come, but none came.  Instead she felt a sharp
pain in the back of her neck, and then all was black.

Jenny awoke; to the screams of one of her co-workers...slowly she opened her
eyes and saw that Amy hung before her, arms chained above her head, legs tied
together.   The Amy's body convulsed in pain but Jenny could not see from what. 
Amy was research analyst that had joined the team 4 months before.  She was
blonde and 30 years old.  Her short blonde hair was matted with sweat as her
head shook back and forth, her face masked in pure agony.  Amy was wearing a
blue wet suit that was zipped up to her neck.  With terrified eyes Jenny scanned
the screaming blonde's body up and down in an effort to locate what was causing
her pain.  Suddenly a large man walked over to her and began to feel Amy's body
up from the crotch to her neck, taking an extended amount of time to squeeze and
knead her breasts.  At his touch Amy's screams and thrashing had become more and
more intense.  Finally the man walked around the dangling girl and put on a
large pair of rubber gloves.  After ensuring that the gloves were snuggly on his
hands the man began to slice away the struggling girls wet suit with a small
exacto knife.  "Now quit fussing, bitch!! Or I'm going to make this hurt a whole
lot more!!" he screamed at her.  Amy's continued to scream and sob, but stopped
thrashing so the man could cut away her suit.  Under the suit Amy was completely
naked, but the source of her pain was now apparent.  Sticking in large clumps,
to her entire body was a rare from of stinging seaweed that the team had been
examining a couple of weeks earlier.  The weeds contained tiny spines that
contained an irritant that burned like a mild form of acid.  The weed also
contained a fairly strong adhesive that was the subject of the teams
experiments.  It was found that an extract from the weed could be used to create
a solvent stronger that any glue that man had created.  The team had used great
care to remove the tiny spines before working with the plant but judging by
Amy's screams the spines from these weeds had not been removed.  The man smiled
at the "green skinned" blonde and said, "why don't we start getting that shit
off of you."  He reached out and grabbed a clump of weed that was attached to
the girl's breast.  With a mighty tug he tried to rip the weed from her body but
it did not separate.  The poor girl wailed as he took a hold of the weed again
and tried again to rip from her tit.  After 5 hard tugs the weed tore from her
breast taking her nipple and skin with it.  Blood flowed from the gapping wound
as Amy's screamed and screamed.  "Guess that hurt, huh?" he barked and then
began to chuckle.  "Well slut I guess you have a choice here, either we leave
the weed and let it burn you into insanity or I could rip off you skin and let
you bleed to death.  Which will it be?"  Amy couldn't even think, the pain was
unbearable.  "Pleas Sir, P P Please make the pain stop, Please help me
PLEASE!!!!"  The man smiled and looked into her tear filled eyes and said,
"Where are the formulas?"  "F-F-FORMULA-SS!!" she cried, "W-w-w-wwhat are you
talking about?"  The man began to laugh.  "Well then, which will it be?  Shall I
skin you?"  "NOOOOOOOO!!!!!"  "Well then have it your way..." Walking to a
barrel on the right side of the room, he reached and produced a handful of the
weed and walked back to the once again struggling women.  Forcefully he shoved
the weed onto the raw bleeding skin of her previously tortured breast.  
"OHHHHMy G-G-AIeeeeeeEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!"  Jenny looked away.  What was happening,
what formulas were the man talking about?  "Please let me get out of her," she
prayed.  Her prayers were not answered.  30 seconds later she was unchained and
the man was raping her on the floor.  Her pussy this time was being attacked,
but the pain was the same.  The man grunted as he shoved his tongue into her
mouth, suddenly and unexpectedly Jenny made the greatest mistake of her life,
she bit down.  The man howled in agony as he jumped off her.  "YOU FUCKING
WHORE!!!" he screamed and kicked her in the side of the head.  Once again all
was black.

When Jenny awoke she was chained to a large metal table, her legs were secured
to stirrups on both sides of the table.  She was now naked.  From down the hall
she could hear the screams of some of her other co-workers but she could not make
out who they were.  Jenny lifted her head to see the two had just entered the
room.  One was a tall Blonde woman followed by the disgusting pig that she had
bitten earlier.  Terror filled her heart as she saw the large bucket that man
was carrying.  "You're going to pay for biting me WHORE!!!"  He screamed.  "Now,
Now, Charlie..." the tall blonde said, "Patience honey, patience, after a couple
of hours of torture we'll make sure that she is begging to have you rape her and
bite her tongue out!  Anything will be better than what I have in store for
her."  "Fucking CUNT!!  YOU HEAR THAT!!! YOUR GONNA SCREEAMM BITCH!!!"  Jenny
began to cry. "Please SIR I'm sorry I-I-I'm SOOO SORRY...OH PLEAASE I'm SOO
SORRY, don't hurt me, please don't hurt me!!"  "Shhhh child, there's no time for
that," the blonde whispered in her ear, "Save your energy honey your going to do
a lot of screaming tonight."  "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!"  Once again the man
punched her in the face.  The woman put on rubber gloves, positioned herself
between Jenny's trembling legs and moved the bucket close to her.  Jenny could
not see what she was doing as she bent down to retrieve something form the
bucket.  She was starting to sweat.  She could feel the man's hateful stare on
her fully exposed cunt.  "Charlie!" the woman said, "Stick your fingers in her
pussy and moisten her up a little would you?"  "Sure thing sis!"  At that he
plunged two dirty fingers and his thumb into Jenny's slit.  Moving them around
inside her he caught her clit between his thumb and middle finger and squeezed
viciously.  Jenny screamed in pain waiting for the pain to stop but it didn't,
he continued to squeeze and began to dig his nails into her pleasure nub. 
"Enough!!!" the blonde yelled and grabbed his hand yanking it away from Jenny's
spread legs.  "Step back and let me start working, I need you back up so I have
space.  By the way remind me later to teach you how to make a girl wet."  The
man grunted and withdrew.  "Now Sweetie I have a surprise for you.  I have a
present for you, for that little snatch of yours but you have to promise me that
you won't pass out in 3 minutes like your friend Evette did.  She couldn't take
it; she passed out about 6 times before I even started questioning her.   I'm
not going to question you though, I already have the information that I need,
you team leader provided it. You're just a play toy now.  Giving up the
information that I wanted ended the pain for her, but nothing will end it for
you.  You going to scream sweetie.  You're going to beg.  You're going to cry,
and your going to give my brother and I orgasm after orgasm watching your
torture.  Then when I'm finished I will devise new ways of hurting you.  You
ready to begin?" Jenny's mind whirled round and round, she could not believe it
was happening to her, it had to be a dream, a nightmare a...

"AIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!"  Something was biting her inner thighs.  She
looked up and saw the large blue-clawed crab that the woman was holding between
her legs.  Obviously the woman was familiar with handling sea creatures because
she was holding it in a way that avoided injury to herself but enraged the crab
causing it to pinch Jenny's quivering thighs.  "Shove it in her cunt!!!" 
Charlie yelled.  "HAHAAHA, wish I could, but it won't fit. I have other things
that will be put in there let's just let her scream as crabby here bites her
soft thighs.  This is just a warm up for her, let her get used to the pain then
we'll give her a new one."  At that he violently shook the crab and shoved it
towards Jenny's pussy.  The claws open and closed on piece after piece of
Jenny's flesh.  One time the crab got such a good hold of her flesh that the
woman jerked the crab back, ripping the pincer off and leaving the claw attached
to Jenny's flesh.  Jenny screamed and screamed begging for mercy as the siblings
laughed.   The woman got a new crab and mover to Jenny's huge tits.  Placing the
crab between Jenny's breasts, the woman shoke the crab a bit, until the claws
were closing on and off of Jenny's thrashing mamaries.  Blood trickled from
numerous wounds on her thighs and breasts.   "PLEASE GET IT OFF GET IT OFF
PLEASE PLEASE AIEEEEEE!!! She screamed.  After about an hour the woman was tired
of the crab game and went back to the bucket for a new toy.  From the bucket the
woman gently lifted in each hand blobs that looked like two moving rocks.  "Ohh
fuck!" Jenny thought as she recognized what they were.  Stonefish she thought,
the dorsal spines of the fish were about and inch long and carried a painful
poison that usually didn't kill but produced excruciating pain if not treated
within minutes.  The spines would eject the poison as soon as contact was made
and the woman was aware of this as she gently pushed one under each of Jenny's
bleeding breasts.  At first they pricking sensation felt as if needles were
being pushed into her breasts, but then the pain started.  It began as a burning
sensation then her breasts were on fire.  Jenny's body convulsed shaking back in
forth as if the movement would put out the fire that was burning the inside of
her tits.   The woman laughed at her futile attempts and turned to her brother,
"I need a drink, rape her till I get back, she should be in agony for the next
few hours that poison won't stop hurting her until we give her an injection of
Lignocaine to ease the pain and bactrin to counteract the poison.  Unfortunately
we have to do it so the poison doesn't kill her, but you should be able to get a
nice fuck out of her as she writhes in agony.  Be sure to squeeze her tits as
you fuck her, make sure that the poison spreads through those huge udders."  The
woman smiled and left the room. As she walked down the hallway she fingered
herself listening to her brother's grunts and the young girl's screams.

At some point during the raping Jenny had passed out.  Suddenly she awoke. The
throbbing was still in her breast but the pain was gone.  She looked to the
woman who was standing next to her.  "Feeling better honey?"  the woman asked. 
"T-thank Y-you," Jenny whispered.  "Don't thank me child, a couple of hours from
now you'll wish that the poison had killed you."  "I-I-I don't want to
d-d-die.." she cried.  "You will!" the woman sneered.  Jenny was now standing
arms chained above her head feet secured spread shoulder width to the floor. 
They had put a tight red bikini on her making a sure bet to win almost any
bikini contest.  In the far corner of the room 3 men were rapping tiny Evette
who was chained to the table that Jenny had been previously secured to.  Evette
screamed as she struggled against the men, but they fucked her hard in the
mouth, ass, and cunt.  A fourth man was poking her with a cattle prod.   In the
other corner was Amy still covered with the hell weeds.  The poor girl could no
longer scream she just slowly wiggled around like a fish after 10 minutes that
had been thrown into a bucket with no water.  The women were in Hell.  Pain
surrounded them and from somewhere off in the distance screams occasional
screams form the other women could be heard.  "Time for your pain to begin
again" the blonde woman said cheerfully as she fondled Jenny's breast.  "My
brother went to take a nap, so your all mine."  Smiling again she bent down to
retrieve something from the horrible bucket that was now behind her.  Jenny
began to cry again. "NO NO more Please Please PLEASE."  Her eyes turned to the
corner to where the men had begun to torture Evette.   With a small ball peen
hammer one of them was smashing her kneecaps as another was ripping off her
fingernails.  The third was breaking her toes with a small metal nutcracker. 
Evette screams were deafening.  "Sheesh!"  The blonde woman said to Jenny as she
stood up with a large glass jar.  "Well honey want to know what I have here?" 
Feverously Jenny shoke her head back and forth, sobbing "NO NO NO NO MORE
PLEASSSSEEE!!!"  "Well I'll tell you anyway," She said, "this my darling is a
whole jar of tentacles from the Lion's Mane jellyfish.  As you probably know,
this type of jellyfish produces the most painful but non lethal stings of all
the types of jellies."  She removed the top of the jar.  "NO NONO NONONONONO"
Jenny was begging with all her strength.   Grabbing the rim of her right bikini
breast cup the woman pulled the elastic, but tight fabric outward from Jenn's
breast.  Jenny continued to beg for mercy as the woman dumped half of the jar in
to the breast cup and let the elastic piece snap back into place squashing the
tentacle firmly against her breast.  Quickly she did the same to the other
breast.  The bikini top now pressed the stingers into Jenny's tits and the cuts
that the crab had caused earlier.  Jenny's screams were ear shattering.  
Quickly bending down the woman produced another jar that encased a large Sea
Urchin.  Removing the top she quickly held it up to Jenny's screaming face and
dumped it into her bikini bottom.  With a gloved hand the woman forcefully
grabbed Jenny's crotch and smashed the urchin into the poor brunette's crotch
area. Jenny's bikini bottom now looked as if she had shitted her pants, but the
urchins spines had been inserted all over the area.

It was a pure masterpiece of agony.   Amy moaned and writhed in constant pain. 
Evette screamed as the men were now well into there task of breaking very major
bone in her body and Jenny convulsed and wailed in absolute agony.  The woman
was happy; she could feel her orgasm coming.  Removing her gloves she shoved her
fingers into her twat and fingered her clit.  "OHHH YESS" she cried as the
orgasm came.  

The women and the men needed a rest.  She walked back to her cabin and took a
nap.  When she woke she returned to the room where Jenny was still writhing in
pain.   Her screams were now reduced to tortured moans.  She removed Jenny's
bikini and let the bikini and mush fall to the floor.  Jenny's breasts and
crotch were covered with horrible looking welts and sores.  The air stung as
Jenny came back to awareness.   "Well my child, you have been a lot of fun but
soon I have to leave.  Children to feed and a husband to take care of."  The
blonde woman smiled. "I love my job you know, but you unfortunately I guess you
do not."  "Time for your last torture session of the day, by the way, I just
wanted you to know that I have really enjoyed my time with you.  I've enjoyed it
soo much that I have decided to have you shipped back to my lab where I can
torture you and your friends for a long, long time.  After the next session I'll
make sure that the doctors take good care of you for a couple of days so you can
be fresh for more torture back in my fully furnished torture chamber.  I love
the way that you scream.  I love the way that you convulse in agony and I love
the way that you beg for mercy.  I had two orgasms today just watching you. 
When we get home I will find more and more ways of making you scream so I can
have orgasm after orgasm, besides my brother likes raping you right now he
trying your friend Evette's cunt out.  Oh well guess I have about two hours
before we have to leave so let's see if you can give one last orgasm for today. 
Are you ready?"  "Noooooo," Jenny whispered to exhausted to scream, she was
still crying, but the hopelessness had begun to set in.  The terror had set in. 
I can't scream any longer, I have no strength anymore, nothing can be worse than
what I have endured so far...she thought   This thought stayed in her mind for
exactly 30 seconds then once again Jenny was screaming. 

Baer-chen




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Baer-chen(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





