BDSM Library - Maria and John




Maria and John
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Maria's sister sets her up with a male friend on their vacation. He will tie Maria up, so as not to interfere with her sister.
Maria and John
by Leonard




Maria and John
by Leonard

Chapter 1: Plans for the Summer

The light of the setting sun shone through Judy's short white skirt, making the
silhouette of her upper thighs just as visible to her boyfriend Adam as the
naked lower parts of her legs. She wore a short white blouse, ending high enough
to show of her navel ring and her flat belly.

Adam was sitting on a sofa in his flat, looking at Judy standing in front of the
big living room window facing west. Judy was upset, but when exposing herself
like this, Adam could not concentrate on what she was saying. He asked Judy to
sit down next to him.

"I want you to listen to what I'm saying!" Judy said.

"Yes, I know, but it is easier for me if you sit down beside me." He hoped that
this would make her calm down a bit.

After a moment of hesitation, Judy did sit down to his left. The thing
concerning her was their summer vacation. Judy Smith, who had just finished her
first year of college, and Adam Anderson, who had been working for a year at a
bank after finishing his degree in economics, had been dating for half a year.
Judy had been promised that they could borrow her parents' summer house for two
weeks. Now, she said that her parents had changed their mind.

Adam still wore his business suit, just having arrived for work, except for the
jacket. It did look good on him, Judy thought, but she did not hesitate in
removing his tie, playing with it while talking.

"So we cannot borrow their summer house?" Adam asked. He brushed a strand of her
long, blonde hair away from her right eye.

"Why, yes, but only on the condition that we'll bring Maria." Judy wrinkled her
whole face. Adam thought she looked cute doing it, but found it wiser not to
mention this.

Maria was Judy's younger sister, though Judy had never really accepted her as
such. Maria was adopted, her mother, who had been an loyal employee of Judy's
mother, Mary, had been killed two days after being hit by a hit and run driver.
Since Mary could not have any more children after Judy, and Maria's father was
unknown, Mary had made a promise to Maria's mother before she died, that she
would take care of Maria.

The real problem, Adam knew, was that while Judy was an average young woman with
average grades and average vices, Maria was a top student who would rather sit
at home reading in the evening than going out with friends. Consequently, Judy
knew that her parents were arguing much more with her than they did with Maria,
and Judy felt that they treated her unfairly bad. This was even worse since
Maria was not really their child.

Adam pondered over this for a while, during which time he took his tie back from
Judy's hands, instead tying them together with it in front of her. Judy smiled.
"Why have your parents changed their minds?" he asked.

"Because they will both be on business trips and Maria have no other place to
go. She's fifteen, I could manage on my own at fifteen." Judy did not add, that
her parents would never have allowed her to be alone for more than perhaps a day
at the age of fifteen, even if she was certain she would have managed that.

"What are you afraid of? Would she disturb us?" Adam kissed Judy's lips lightly.

"Yes, I want to be alone with you!"

Adam had his right hand on Judy's left thigh, it was slowly beginning to move up
under her skirt. "At night, she can sleep in the guest cabin, can't she?"

"Yes, I guess so..." They kissed again. Judy moved a little closer to Adam, as
if they did not sit thigh to thigh already. "...but what about the daytime? Is
it any fun if we have to bring her along every time we go somewhere? Another
matter is her early mornings, Maria always wakes up early, then she will want to
get into the house, and then we cannot have our morning sex."

"She does not have a boyfriend to give her morning sex", Adam said, his left arm
now around the shoulders of Judy.

"No."

"So maybe we'll get her one?"

"What do you mean?"

"Well, you like to be tied up once in a while..."

Judy nodded with a broad smile.

"...which stops you from disturbing anybody else. What if Maria would be tied
up, thereby unable to disturb us? If she'd have a boyfriend, he'd tie her up."

"Hey, I like that! She could have someone giving her good spankings too,
wouldn't she deserve that?" Judy kissed Adam, wanting to hug him. With her
wrists tied together, that meant she would have to raise her hands above his
head and over it, but Adam stopped this by leaning over her. At the same time,
his probing right hand reached her pussy, feeling her being damp through the
fabric of the cotton panties.

They kissed again, but Judy had something more to say: "Whom shall we choose to
be Maria's boyfriend?"

"What about my cousin, John?"

Judy had met John a couple of times. He was just as intellectual as Judy's
sister, studying law at Yale, and having a lot of intellectual interests besides
that. "Is HE into bondage and spanking?!" Judy asked, surprised.

"He says so himself", Adam said, "though he has never had a girlfriend, just
like your sister has never had a boyfriend.

"By the way, you came here before I got home from work. Why didn't you take your
panties of?"

Judy knew Adam liked her not to wear any panties under a skirt or dress when
being alone with him. "Well, er, I forgot", she lied. Both she and Adam knew,
that she knew that he was aware of her lie. "Will you talk to John, then? It is
a good idea!"

"I'll talk to him", Adam said, "but first you deserve a punishment for wearing
panties." He started taking her panties off from under her skirt.

Judy wriggled her body to make it easier for Adam to remove her panties. "I
know, I broke the rules for being in your apartment", she said, then turned
herself over to lie in his lap.

"You know what is expected from you, when taking a punishment. That is
commendable." Adam raised Judy's skirt to her waist, then slowly, almost
absentmindedly, caressing her bare cheeks with his right hand. They were soft
and warm. Adam's left hand held Judy in the small of her back. "John seems to
like tougher bondage and harder spanking than we do, but I guess that is exactly
what you want for Maria?"

"Yes, it is." Judy smiled, a smile suddenly interrupted by Adam's first hit, his
open hand landing hard in the middle of her rear end. "Ouch!" Adam proceeded to
spank her in the rapid fashion that hurt well, and which they both liked. He
spanked her fairly hard. She could soon feel the heat of the skin of her cheeks,
her pussy getting more wet, his penis getting harder underneath his trousers.
Soon, her thoughts left everything behind but the blessed spanking. Of course
she had anticipated this when keeping her panties on, it was a sure way of
getting a spanking.

The spanking went on. She knew she wriggled around, Adam holding her still. She
could not help it, all of her attention being on the spanking. Adam kept
spanking her.

There is always an end to happiness. The spanking stopped, and Adam stood up.
However, he placed Judy on the sofa on her elbows and knees. She knew what to
expect then, and she loved him for it. Very soon, she felt the weight of him in
the sofa behind her, her legs being spread out a little bit more. Then his penis
was inside of her. It was big, it was hard, but it slipped in easily. He moved
back and forth inside of her. The tension grew even stronger. It was not long
before they both came.

He leaned forward and hugged her from behind. "You are not upset anymore, are
you, my dear?" He asked in a kind voice.

"No, I'm not, Adam. Now I'm glad for the sake of Maria!" They both laughed.




Maria and John
by Leonard

Chapter two: Rules

It was not until Maria was sitting in Adam's Saab 9-3 on their way from her and
Judy's home that she was told that they would have a fourth passenger in the
car. Maria sat behind the driver's seat, Judy having of course taken the seat
next to Adam. Maria had already been told that she would have to sleep in the
guest cabin, since Judy and Adam wanted the house for themselves. She had
readily accepted that, thinking that it would give her more peace and quiet.

Contrary to Judy's beliefs, Maria had never had any intention of imposing
herself on her sister and Adam. She was actually a bit embarrassed that their
parents had decided that she would join Judy and Adam on their vacation.
However, since Maria did not have any real friends, due to the fact that she was
almost always staying at home reading or studying, she did not have anybody else
with whom to make plans herself for the summer.

Maria was even to shy to speak to her sister about this, all the more so because
she knew Judy did not really like her and really disliked the idea of Maria
coming along. Judy was often sarcastic or angry with Maria, who was therefore
often afraid of Judy, obeying her or avoiding her. In Judy's eyes, Maria could
never obey her enough.

Judy just told Maria they would get another passenger. Maria acknowledged that
she had heard this, but when Judy did not say anything more about the fourth
passenger, Maria went back to the book she was reading. She could not
concentrate on the text, though, wondering who the fourth person might be.

"Who's this other guy?" Maria asked. She realised that they were taking the way
through downtown, probably to pick the fourth person up.

"It's my cousin John", Adam said, gently squeezing Judy's knee with his right
hand. Judy had on a pair of tight white trousers and an equally tight T-shirt in
the same blue colour as her eyes. The T-shirt, which some people would say was
to small for Judy, was so short it could never stop anybody from seeing her
navel ring.

"You've met him", Judy said, turning around towards Maria. "You know, when you
were at Adam's place."

Maria nodded. She remembered the tall, fairly handsome guy with dark blond hair
who had almost looked as out of place as she did.

"He thinks you're cute", Judy said, smiling and turning back to face forward
when she saw her sister blush and adjusting her glasses. The latter was
something which Maria always did when feeling uncomfortable.

"Will he stay with us?" Maria asked, without knowing why. She just had a hunch
that maybe John would only travel part of the way to the summer house with them.
"Where would he sleep?"

"He'll be with us the whole vacation", Adam said, "in the guest cabin. By the
way, here he is!" Adam stopped at the pavement, and the door on the far side of
the back seat from Maria opened almost instantly.

Maria recognised John, and they said hello to one another. Shyly, Maria turned
her face to her book again. She did not think he would consider her cute today,
with her long black hair just hanging around her face, her plain old black
trousers and her baggy black T-shirt.

Maria did not dare asking where she would sleep, if John would sleep in the
guest cabin. It consisted of one small room with a single electric light in the
ceiling, a door in one end and a small window in the other, and a bed attached
to each of the other two walls. For the rest of the journey, she tried to read
her book, while Adam and John had a discussion on whether to vote in the
upcoming presidential election or not. Adam tried to convince John to vote for
George W Bush, but John said he wouldn't vote for anybody except John McCain.

They had dinner in a small town close to the summer house. It was dark when they
arrived to the summer house, especially since the house was situated in the
woods. There were not many stars to be seen between the branches of all the
trees. Maria was just standing in the yard looking up in the sky while the
others were unpacking the car. She still did not have the nerve to ask where she
was supposed to sleep. There were two bedrooms in the house, theoretically, she
could sleep in one of them, now that John would sleep in the guest cabin.
However, Judy had told her numerous times that she and Adam wanted the house for
themselves at night. Maria just could not believe her own suspicion that she was
also supposed to sleep in the guest cabin.The summer night was warm, otherwise
she might have shuddered from nervousness.

Maria was brought back to reality when a small bag was put in her arms. It was
one of her bags, and John put it there. He held two torches, giving one to her.
The car was locked, no light in it, and there was a small light in the master
bedroom in the house. Judy and Adam must have gone inside already. "Now go and
use the bathroom, then go to bed", John said. There was only one bathroom, it
was in the house.

"I'm not sure where to sleep", Maria said, tears suddenly forming in her eyes.

"Haven't Judy told you? You'll sleep in the guest cabin." His voice sounded hard
and unforgiving.

"Wh-where will you sleep?"

"I'll sleep there too. Now go on, I'll use the bathroom after you. If you hurry,
you may be undressed and in bed before I get back to the cabin."

That was a possibility, Maria thought. She hurried away. When she got to the
cabin, she realised that none of the beds were made and that the key to the lock
on the door was not to be seen. She hesitated for just a moment, then quickly
draped a sheet over the mattress of one bed, laid a pillow case over a pillow,
took another sheet to go with the blanket and put them on the bed. Then she
heard someone walking towards the cabin, whistling a non-descript tune. With a
speed hampered only by her nervousness, she took her shoes of, then lied down
still wearing the rest of her clothes. She wrapped the top sheet and blanket
tightly around herself all the way up to her neck, holding it there with both
hands.

John got inside and stopped whistling. "Hi! Don't you take your glasses of
before you go to bed?" he asked in a friendly tone.

She just told him she had forgotten about them, and that this forgetfulness was
something which occasionally happened. Then she took them of, stretching her arm
up to lay them safely on a small book shelf mounted on the wall by the bed.

"It's going to be a warm night", he said, "what do you wear to bed except for
that T-shirt?"

"Oh, just..." She hesitated. It was a bit embarassing to admit that she had not
undressed at all.

"It does not matter", John said, to Maria's relief, but the he continued by
saying: "If I would decide, you would not wear anything at all."

Maria just stared at the young man. He was friendly enough in his voice, but the
words stunned her.

"Of course, this can wait until we have made your bed properly." He emphasised
his words by pulling lightly on the bottom sheet. This made Maria clutch to the
top sheet and blanket even harder.

Slowly, John backed off, sitting down on the other bed. Equally slowly, he began
to talk: "We have to straighten some things out. First, we will live in this
small cabin close together for at least a fortnight. This means that we have to
have some rules, and that we need to be friends. The second thing is, you are a
very attractive young woman and I am a man living together with you. This means
that I want to take advantage of you..."

"You can't do that!" Maria exclaimed.

"Yes, I could as a matter of fact, I could do it. That is why I want to set up
some rules. Will you agree to this?"

"Well, yes, some rules may be a good idea."

"First, I think we can promise each other one thing", John said. "We will always
be friendly to each other, trying to settle any disagreements by discussing
them."

Maria liked that rule, she promised John to adhere to it.

"Now, this is my idea on further rules", John said. "I promise to follow three
rules of yours, then you promise to follow three of mine. I promise to follow
your rules, whichever they may be, if you will promise the same for me. You may
state your rules first, and my rules can't be in conflict to yours."

Maria was not certain she had gotten this right. "You mean that you promise to
follow my rules, even before I have stated what rules they are?"

"Exactly as long as you promise to follow my rules before I say what they
are."

"...and I get to chose rules first?"

"Yes."

Maria smiled and agreed to this, eagerly sitting up, but with the blanket still
clutched to her body. After giving the matter some thought, she stated the
following rules, which John wrote down:

1. Neither Maria nor John will be naked or just wearing underwear if being
together in the cabin.
2. John will not even try to have sex with Maria.
3. John will never be angry with Maria, whatever she does.

John accepted these rules right away. He had, in fact, anticipated a rule like
number two, as well as number one. The main thing was, that Maria's rules would
actually not interfere with his own rules in a crucial way. The third rule was
really good, John thought, because of the rules he had planned to make, he would
never need to be angry with Maria if she would tease him or be angry with him.

These were John's rules, which Maria had to put on paper:

4. Maria will subject herself to being bound and sometimes gagged, and stay that
way, whenever John likes it.
5. Maria will subject herself to bare bottom spanking whenever John likes it.
6. Maria will always have her pubic hair completely shaved off.

John had expected Maria to complain about his rules, and she did. However, she
did not complain much after being reminded of her promise. She shrugged, lied
down, and said: "can we go to sleep now? I'm, tired."

"No, not right away", John said. "You have to be bound for the night first. You
are going to be tied up all through every night here."

"No! You don't mean that!" Maria sat up again.

"Yes I do, and you have promissed me I can tie you up."

Yes, Maria realised she had. More or less unconsciously, however, she actually
had not believed that she would have to subject herself to John's rules. His
rules did not seem serious enough, she thought.

One part of Maria was about to accept being tied up right away, but she realised
she could not make herself say it. She felt very nervous, her whole body was
shaking.

"There is one thing I have to ask you first", John  said. "Your pubic hair is
not shaved, is it?"

"No", Maria said.

"So do you want to shave it off yourself, or do you want me to do it? If you do
it yourself, you must, of course, show me you've done it."

Maria just stared at John. He had tricked her to promise him to give her a
nightmare. She knew some women did shave their pubic hair, but she had never
considered doing it herself, and now she did not want to do such a discusting
thing. It would not feel right, it would feel like an obscene thing to do. Apart
from that, he also wanted to tie her up and to spank her. She had never been
spanked in her whole life, and she had no wish to find out what it was like
being spanked.

Seeing John smiling at her, Maria considered she might at least delay the
humiliating shaving. "Can I wait until tomorrow to shave, please, John? Then I
can do it in the bathroom, I have my razor there, and I guess it is more
comfortable."

"Well, I have a razor, I can shave you tonight", John said, but Maria would
never allow John to shave her. She told him so, too. The idea of using his razor
to shave disgusted her.

"Your promise was to be shaved all the time", John said. "This means you have to
shave right away."

"What if I promise something else instead, just for tonight?"

"Would you promise to be naked?"

"No!"

"Then, what do you propose to promise me?"

Maria hesitated.

"OK", John said, "what if you promise me never to complain about having to
follow your promises any more? In that case, I'll let you wait until tomorrow
morning to shave."

"Yes, I'll agree to that. I promise", Maria said.

"Good, now let's tie you up!"

John opened up his bag and pulled a long white rope from it.




(The story "Maria and John" will continue in Chapter three: Maria's first night
in bondage.)




Maria and John
by Leonard

Chapter three: Maria's First Night in Bondage

Before Maria was tied up, John helped her make her bed properly. Since Maria had
not undressed, but had lied in her clothes under the blanket while talking to
John, John urged her to decide what to wear for the night before he tied her up.

John went outside for a minute while Maria changed into her night-gown. It was a
long, grey night-gown, reaching below her knees, not revealing any of her female
forms, and was thick and dark enough that nobody could see through the fabric.
Maria kept her panties on, too. Then she lied down on her back under her blanket
before calling out that she was finished.

John came back in, and Maria really began thinking of what it would be like
being tied up. She was very nervous. Her body was shaking.

John took Maria's hands and tied them together by her wrists. He tied them hard,
even though Maria's palms were facing each other, she could not press them
together.

The rope that went about Maria's wrists was long, and John tied it at the head
end of her bed. Maria got some freedom of movement, because John did not stretch
her hands up above her head. She could reach down to her breasts, if she wanted
to, where she lied now in the bed. However, this freedom would get smaller.

John reached down and dragged Maria down by her feet until they rested at the
lower end of the bed. Maira's night-gown did not follow her body, and her knees
would have become exposed to John, had they not been covered by the top sheet
and blanket. Maria did not like this, all of her night gowns reached below her
knees. With her hands tied up, not being able to reach below her chin now, she
could not adjust the night-gown herself. At the same time, she would not ask
John to do it. She would have to live with this.

Maria's first thought had been, that John would tie her ankles together and tie
them to the end of her bed. However, he spread her legs, tying her right ankle
to one corner of the bed. Mara's night-gown ended yet another couple of
centimetres up her thigh now, opening up because her legs were spread apart.
Although the bed was not wider than 80 centimetres, she felt extremely exposed,
and John tied her left ankle to the other corner of the bed.

 "Why do you spread my legs?" Maria asked. Her voice was shaky, she felt
nervous.

"Is that a question or a complaint?" John asked in return.

Maria told him she did remember her promise not to complain. She did not say
anything about feeling uneasy about it.

"There is a very simple reason", John said. "Bondage is of small use to the
binder, if it does not make it easier to have sexual intercourse with the
bindee."

"But isn't that a breach of your promise not even to try to have sex with me?"

"No, not as long as I do not try to take advantage of you while being bound.
Now, it is time for us to sleep." John bent down and kissed Maria on her
forehead. "Good night, Maria!" he said with a friendly smile.

John quickly made his bed, undressed, and went to bed, then he turned the light
out and turned to sleep on the side with his back to Maria.

Maria liked to sleep on her side as well. She moved further down in her bed to
bend her knees and turn about, but she could not help that this made the rim of
her night-gown move further up her thighs.

"John?"

"Yes, dear?"

He called her 'dear'! "What if I need to go to the bathroom?"

"Well, do you?"

"No, but..."

"Then don't worry about it. I want to sleep. Good night."

Maria fell silent. It did not take long before she heard John sleeping. With her
legs tied to the bed, she could not find a comfortable way of lying on her side,
so she turned on her back again. To her disappointment, her night gown moved
further up her thighs. She could not help thinking of how exposed she was. Her
mind flowed with unpleasant fantasies of having a man seeing her like this
without her top sheet and blanket. She realised that this man, in her fantasies,
was John.

It was not long before Maria realised that she was aroused. She further realised
the nervousness of being bound and helpless built up her arousal. In her
fantasies, the man � John � climbed into her bed between her legs. It was a
thought that made her both excited and scared. Naturally, she did not want John
to take advantage of her in any sexual way, the thought of it scared her stiff.
At the same time, she was surprised to nitice that the very same thought made
her excited and got her more aroused.

Maria was the kind of girl who had never had any great urge to get sexual
experience. She had never even kissed a boy, and John's good night kis was
actually the first kiss she had had from a man not in her family. Maria wanted
romance much more than sex, she had long since decided that it was more
important to give her virginity to the man she loved on their wedding night. If
she had been a different kind of girl, she would have regretted that being bound
stopped her from using her hands to release the sexual frustration she felt now.
Now, the thought did cross her mind, but she had always thought that doing such
a thing was discusting. Even the thought of it discusted her a little. By the
way, she could not even remember what it was called, when you did that to
yourself.

However, Maria had had sexual fantasies before, but none of them had been so
real as when she was really lying there bound in her bed. She had never felt
this excited or aroused before, either. She felt that her panties were wet. She
wondered what it would be like lying like this with no panties. She actually
wanted to try lying like this with no panties. Maybe she could lie like this
with no panties, tomorrow night? She hoped she could, without John noticing it.

Her fantasies kept coming back to having John between her legs, but she did not
want him there, really. She did not want him there, did she? "No!" she thought,
but felt less certain than she wanted. She knew that she would never let him,
but she could imagine it, could she not? "Yes, of course I can, even though it
is just fantasies", she decided.

Having decided that, Maria fantasised about having John between her legs. In her
fantasy, he ripped her panties of, then he entered her. Maria had no clue what
this would feel like, but she imagined it would feel good.

Maria felt that her fantasies kept making her more aroused. She did not know
what to do about it, though. Try as she might, her fantasies always came back
when thinking of something else. She always imagined it was John taking her.

Finally, Maria drifted of to sleep. She dreamt of walking with spread legs on
top of a roof, either leg on each side of the ridge of the roof. There were
people on the ground, far down, staring at her, and she realised she was naked.
She felt embarassed walkning there in the nude, but did not know what to do
about it.

She woke up early, just as she used to do, and stretched her arms above her
head. Suddenly remembering where she was and that she was tied to her bed, she
felt an urge to get free. Her hands felt numb and she needed to stretch her
legs. Her hips felt awkward, with her legs having lied spread out all night.

John was still asleep, but Maria called his name to wake him up.

"What?" John murmured.

"Could you untie me...please, John."

"I wanna sleep, be quiet."

"Please!"

"Quiet, or I'll gag you!" John smiled at her, then turned around again.

Maria sighed. She kept quiet for a while, then silently said: "John, my hands
are feeling numb."

John did not answer. It seemed to Maria that he had fallen asleep again. Perhaps
that was just as well, she thought, she did not like the idea of being gagged.
Her mind went back to the fantasies of the previous night. They were not so bad.
She could still not get rid of the thought that John would be the man taking
advantage of her when being bound, but she considered this to be a logical
development by her subconscious mind from actual facts. Therefore, she did not
mind. As a matter of fact, she thought John was handsome, and he had an
interesting mix of decisiveness and kindness. She wondered what it would be like
being gagged by him as well as bound. Considering her experience from the night
before, she was not altogether surprised to find that the thought aroused her.

This thought gave birth to another idea. Maria could always yell at John,
provoking him into gagging her. That would make her feel what it would be like
being gagged. The thought appealed to Maria from another point of view. She was
not inclined to ask John to gag her, it was self evident that she could not even
give him a hint of the fact that she actually enjoyed being bound.

Maria pulled the emergency brake of her train of thought. Did she actually
'enjoy' being bound? Was that the word she had used when stating her thoughts in
words, and if so, did the word give her mind a correct description of her
feelings?

She realised, to her own amazement, that 'enjoy' was an adequate word to use,
when describing her feelings. The bondage made her aroused, and who would not
enjoy being aroused? The feeling of helplessness, the feeling of her legs being
spread apart by force, and the feeling of being at the mercy of a man in this
way aroused her, and this did make her feel that she enjoyed being bound.

Of course, she would not feel happy about being bound by a disgusting man, a
rapist or the like, Maria thought. Here, she was among friends and family,
nothing could go way out of line. John had even promised her to obey some of her
rules, and the thought of this made her smile. On the other hand, Maria wondered
what might have been in the future, had she not made John promise not to try to
have sex with her. She was glad that she had thought of making that rule, but at
the same time, her fantasies when being bound like this did involve John
actually having sex with her. That would be rape, she told herself.

Having settled that, Maria's mind went back to being gagged. However, labeling
the scenario of her fantasies 'rape' made her less inclined on being gagged. The
single word rape made her lose her feelings of arousal and joy. Maria got angry
with herself for thinking about being raped. Then she thought that maybe she
would rather be angry with herself for calling the events of her fantasies rape.
On the other hand, if John would actually do those things, which Maria
fantasised about him doing to her, it would constitute rape. Unless, of course �
that other voice of her mind said � she would actively agree on being bound and
exploited in that way.

Maria settled on telling herself that she would never going to admit to John, or
any other man, that she had had fantasies of being raped, but this did not stop
her from enjoying such fantasies in the privacy of her mind.

John turned in his bed again, looked at Maria and smiled. "Did you have a
pleasant night?"

Maria nodded to him with a smile, then quickly turned that into a half-smile and
said: "It wasn't quite as bad as I thought it would."

"That's good. Now, do you want me to untie you?"

"Yes, I would like that very much", Maria said. She could not believe she had
almost told John that the night in bondage was pleasant.

John released Maria, and she stood up on the floor, flexing her hands to let the
blood flow freely through the veins. This was the end of her first night in
bondage. Maria felt glad, it was a terrific morning, until John reminded her
that this was the morning she had promised to shave her pubic hair off. Well,
the thought did put her down a bit, she did think it was a rather disgusting
idea, but she had had a good night after all.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Leonard


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





