BDSM Library - Kimmy The Fuck Toy




Kimmy The Fuck Toy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The young wife was captured and controlled by her step-daughter. Then she was turned to be a bondage slut bitch for the whole company.
Kimmy The Fuck Toy

anonymouse@csulb.edu
(anonymous)


     I favor receiving letters from dominant women who might be interested in
exchanging mail with a beginner, and to exchange ideas concerning dominants and
submissive viewpoints.  How can I reveal my innermost thoughts on the delicate
subjects that will be described to you in this letter? Is my situation unique?
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------




Kimmy The Fuck Toy

anonymouse@csulb.edu
(anonymous)


     I favor receiving letters from dominant women who might be interested in
exchanging mail with a beginner, and to exchange ideas concerning dominants and
submissive viewpoints.  How can I reveal my innermost thoughts on the delicate
subjects that will be described to you in this letter? Is my situation unique?
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     My name is Kim Taylor, a 22 year old W.F.  I was forced into a submissive
bisexual hussy life style,  by my dominant step-daughter, Vicki Masters, 35
After my husband died. It started one Thursday afternoon. I had showered and was
blow-drying my long hair. Vicki called me into her room. When I walked into the
room I was startled by the sight of three women standing behind me. My eyes
opened wide when the women stepped forward and two of them seized my arms, while
the third covered my mouth with her hand.

     The women pulled me across the room and forced me to sit on a heavy wooden
chair. They Placed metal shackles around my wrists and fastened them to steel
rings attached to the chair's arms. Vicki slowly walked across the room and
said, "You're nothing but a thief, my accountants discovered how you took
several thousand dollars from my father's company during past few months." She
showed me the papers to prove it in court. I pleaded, "Please don't have me
arrested, I'll do anything you want." She had me call my lawyer and transfer the
ownership of all of my dead husband's company and inheritance over to her.

     After the phone call, Vicki told me to meet her in the basement. She handed
me a key, to open the door. Dressed in just my nightgown, I padded quietly down
the backstairs on bare feet until at last I reached the basement level.  There
was no electricity in this level, so I went over to the table and lit one of the
candles there.  A loud, nerve shattering squeal came from the old hinges as I
pulled the old door slowly open.  As soon as the gap was wide enough for me to
fit through, I slipped inside. I was surprised to find that the room had been
wired for lights.  I flipped the switch beside the door and dim spotlights came
on all  around the room.  In the pools of light formed by each spot was some
sort of wooden or metal machine.  I had never seen anything like it before, and
had no idea what they were used for.

     I walked slowly around the room, stopping at each piece to try and figure
out what it was for.  Each one was covered with chains, leather straps, wheels
and locks. In the center of the room a heavy post was embedded in the floor.  It
was about three feet tall with a heavy wooden cross beam bolted across the top. 
There were three cutouts in the beam, and three more matching cutouts in a
second board that was attached to the first with a hinge.

     I don't know what came over me as I laid my head and hands in the holes in
the open jaws of the stocks.  The soft fur lining felt good on my neck and
wrists as I lowered the top of the stocks into place.  A shiver coursed through
my body as I heard the lock click shut. Suddenly I wanted out of this evil
device, but it was too late.  I struggled desperately to free myself from its
grasp, but I soon realized that there was no chance of that without outside
help.

     I continued my futile struggles until I had chaffed my skin before I
finally gave up and stood there hoping that someone would soon come looking for
me.  As the time passed, my back began to ache from being forced to remain in a
bent over position.  The muscles in my legs began to quiver under the strain of
holding this position for so long.

     I soon found that I could bend my knees slightly to flex the muscles in my
legs and relieve the strain on my back.  But this just put  more strain on my
neck and restricted my breathing.  Eventually, I was  forced to return to my
original position. It seemed like hours passed as I stood there.  My body was 
burning with pain from holding my position in the stocks.  Pictures of  myself
slowly dying raced through my mind as I began to wonder if anyone  would ever
find me locked away down here.

     Just when I thought that I could no longer stand the throbbing  pain in my
shoulders and back, the door behind me creaked slowly open on  its rusty hinges.
"Oh thank God you finally found me!"  I called out.  "Please get  me out of this
thing!" I was answered by silence.  I could hear whoever it was moving up behind
me. "Who's back there?"  I asked. Still no answer.  Hands grabbed the hem of my
nightgown and  slowly raised it upward, revealing my long smooth legs.

     "Oh!  Stop that right now and let me go!"  I demanded. Goose bumps exploded
along the backs of my thighs and shivers ran  up and down my spine as the hem of
my nightgown danced lightly across the  full moons of my panty covered ass.  The
gown finally came to rest on the  small of my back. "Oh God no!  Don't take my
panties off!"  I screamed as I hopped  from foot to foot in a pitiful effort to
escape the fingers that had  worked their way under the waistband of my panties
and proceeded to work  them slowly down over my hips.

     Gravity then took over, and in spite of everything I tried, they  soon
ended up as a colorful pool of fabric around my ankles. A hand grabbed my ankle
and lifted my foot until it pulled free  of the panties.  Something was then
buckled around my ankle and my foot  was stretched out to one side.  When my
captor finished, I found that my  foot was no longer free and that I was unable
to move it even one inch.

     After the process was completed on my other foot, I found myself  totally
helpless, and completely at the mercy of my unknown captor. "Ohhhhh!"  I moaned
as I felt long fingernails begin to tickle  and tease their way up my leg.  As
they passed the back of my knee, they  moved to the inside of my thighs.

     The fingers pinched and pulled at the sparse pubic hair that  covered my
pussy.  For the first time my captor spoke.  "Soon, not even  this will hide any
portion of your body from my gaze."  The voice of  Vicki said. "Oh please stop 
Vicki!"  I begged as I bobbed and weaved my ass around in the air as I tried to
avoid her exploring fingers. SMACK!! Her open hand struck my upturned ass with a
loud stinging blow.  It was not really painful, but the shock of it caused me to
jump in surprise.

     "My father married you, because of your tight holes and large tits, BITCH."
"Did you ever let my father make love to you?"  "Just a few times." I told her.
"Did you ever let him fuck you in the ass?"  "No, no, I never let him do that."
I told her "Did you ever suck his cock, you slut?"   "No, no, I'm not that kind
of girl." I told her


     Vicki dipped two fingers of her glove into jar of lubricant, then placed
the fingers inside my anus & began to penetrate my virgin hole. She massaged my
anal muscles with her two fingers & picked up a thick black dildo. Vicki
screamed, "By the time I'm through with you, you won't have any tight holes
left.  Now I am going to fuck you in the ass and whip that precious pussy of
yours. You didn't let my father fuck them, so now I'm going to use them for my
own type of pleasure."   She picked up a whip and pushed the dildo up my ass and
begun pumping it in and out with one hand and struck my swollen pussy lips with
the whip. I screamed in pain as she whipped and fucked me.  She continued to
whip me until I was about to faint from the pain. She withdrew the dildo from my
ass and lowered me to the floor & released me.

     "From now on you will address me as Mistress or Mistress Victoria.  Is that
clear?" I did not answer her right away, and my delay earned me another
resounding smack on my other ass cheek.  This one much harder then the first. "I
said, IS. . .  THAT. . .  CLEAR?"  She said, punctuating each word with another
sharp slap. By now, my ass was beginning to sting.  "Yes Mistress!"  I managed
to stammer.  My face turned red with shame and humiliation at being treated in
this manner.

     "I have no intention of letting you go. . .  Ever!"  Mistress Victoria said
as she passed a long, doubled up piece of rope around my waist.  "In fact, I
have been trying to think of some way to lure you  down here since you got here. 
It looks as if your own stupidity has gotten the best of you this time."

     She passed the loose ends of the rope thru the loop formed in the rope and
pulled them tight.  She then passed the rope between my legs.  Somehow she
fastened the rope to the ceiling above me, and pulled it tight before she tied
it off. As she stood back to admire her  , I discovered that I had to remain on
my tiptoes in order to keep the rope from digging into my  tender pussy.  I
could feel the ropes pressing into my pussy from either  side, pinching my tiny
clit between them.  Every time I tried to move,  the ropes shifted a little,
digging deeper into my tender flesh.

     "MMMMMMM, your ass is so warm."  Mistress Victoria said as she stepped up
behind me.  I could feel her belly pressing into my freshly  spanked ass as she
bent forward and reached around me so that she could cup and fondle my breasts,
topped by their soft brown nipples.  Her fingers were like magic and I could
feel my nipples respond  to her touch as they began to stiffen and grow in the
palms of her hands. I began to moan softly as the sparks of pleasure began to
radiate outward from my rock hard nipples and headed for my throbbing clit.

     I could feel the juices begin to flow between my legs as my body continued
to respond to her skilled touch.  My breathing grew heavier and my hips began to
jerk and roll in response to her touch. Then, the moment I feared the most
happened.  Her fingers left my hard nipples and began a slow, teasing dance down
my sides and across my belly to the thin patch of pubic hair that covered my
pussy.  This time, the fingers did not stop to play with my hair.  Instead, they
slipped up between my thighs and her long nails traced intricate pattern across
my  full, pouty, pussy lips until they began to spread open like some exotic
flower.

     My face burned with shame and humiliation as her fingers slipped inside me,
discovering my hidden wetness. "My, my, my, look how wet this little slut is." 
Vicki said as  she wiped her wet fingers across the cheeks of my ass. "I'm not a
slut!"  I'm a good girl!"  I protested.  SMACK!!  SMACK!!  SMACK!! "How were you
told to address me?" "Oh, I'm sorry Mistress!  Please forgive me!.  But I'm not
a slut!" SMACK!! "Are you calling me a liar?  Do you think that good girls get
wet when someone touches them like this?"

     As she spoke, Mistress Victoria ran her juice slickened fingers back and
forth across my clit several times before again burying them deep inside my
cunt. I gasped, and my hips jerked forward, driving my swollen clit into her
open palm.  My body began to tremble as waves of forbidden  pleasure coursed
through my bound body. But my pleasure was short lived as suddenly her hand
pulled away from that hard nubben of flesh.  A whine of frustration escaped my
lips  as my hips thrust forward in a futile attempt to remain in contact with 
those knowing fingers.

     Time and again Vicki drove me to the very brink of orgasm before she would
pull back, leaving me frustrated and unfulfilled. Before long, I was going crazy
with need.  Promising and saying  anything I could think of in order to get the
release my body so desperately desired.  In the end, I was calling myself a slut
whore and vowing to do or say anything to please her -- including becoming her
personal  sex slave.  Once these words had been uttered, Vicki moved quickly.

     A stand was placed between my widely spread legs, and positioned directly
beneath my dripping pussy.  A large vibrator was snapped into a  bracket at the
top of the stand.  The height of the stand was adjusted  until it just barely
touched my skin. A switch was flipped, and the buzzing monster came to life. 
Its  vibrating tip danced back and forth across the sensitive skin of my  pussy. 
Each time the tip touched my clit, my body would tense and jump,  only to return
to my original  position.

     The vibrations continued to push my passion higher and higher as my hips
tugged against the rope that held me away from it.  As I strained to push my
clit hard against the vibrator, I could feel the course texture of the rope as
it scraped and dug into the lips of my pussy and pinched my clit.

     Finally the waves of my first orgasm crested over me, causing me  to shake
from head to foot and cry out in pleasure.  When I finally  recovered my senses,
I was hanging limply in my bonds, the tip of the  vibrator still nudging gently
into my swollen clit. My passions again began to soar as my Aunt began to twist
and  pull at one hard nipple with one hand while the other gently played up  and
down the crack of my ass.  I trembled with lust and fear as the tip  of her
finger gently played with the star of my tightly clenched asshole.

     "There is so much to do to you," she said as she increased the  pressure. 
"That I really don't know where to start. I tried my best to move away from her
probing finger, but the way I was bound made all of my attempts futile. Vicki
was pleased with my suffering, but she wanted to humiliate and to control me
completely.  She pulled her skirt up and ordered me to service her. She took me
by the hair, and pulled my face into her hairy cunt and said, "Eat my pussy, you
little whore." After Vicki reached an orgasm, she turned around and spread her
ass cheeks a part and ordered me tongue her asshole to her satisfaction.

      I was too tired to speak, but Vicki paced around, lecturing me. "I know
your will is strong. I have not broken you yet.  Well, remember, I have the
papers and I will show it to anyone I can find.  I may one day give you up, but
until then you are mine to do with as I wish.  To show you that I am not all
bad, I am giving you a job, so that you can payback the money that you stole.. 
You will report to work tomorrow at 8:30 AM sharp.  Don't be late." She released
me to the floor and left.

     I arrived at precisely 8:30 AM as instructed. I walked confidently into
Vicki's office dressed in a conservatively long skirt, long sleeved blouse and
jacket.  My low heels rounded out a very business like outfit.  Vicki had to
admit to herself that I looked quite presentable, even somewhat formidable. 
However, this outfit would never do for what she had in mind.  I looked like a
mid level executive, and Vicki knew that I would be a good one.  Except for one
thing, she had a much lower level position for me. I would never reach anything
higher than entry level at Masters Industries, now matter how great I looked.

     "Sit down." She order, gesturing to a chair across the desk from her.  "You
are prompt, I like that. In fact, I demand it.  However, your attire is much too
upscale for the position I have for you. I know your background and schooling
was priming you to be an executive, but you'll be starting out at an entry level
position, and not a highly skilled one at that. You are no different than the
high school graduates. I thought you might overdress, so I took the liberty of
buying you a more appropriate outfit. You will find it hanging on the back of
the office door. In the future, you will come to work dressed in a similar
fashion." She motioned towards office door.

       I obediently walked over to retrieve it.  "Put it on."  Vicki said as I
eyed the clothes.  "Right now." I knew that this sort of sexual abuse would be
coming, and at least if she got it over with now, I could forget it for the rest
of the day.  I walked defiantly back over to the desk, tossing the outfit into
my chair. I was determined to do what I had to do, but no one said I had to
enjoy myself. Without expression, I  removed  my expensive designer jacket and
unbuttoned my blouse, carefully hanging both on the hanger.  Vicki was once
again amazed at how firm my breasts were.  As I raised my arms and began to pull
the very low cut sweater on, Vicki protested. "I think you can do without the
bra dear."  She said.

     I tried to conceal my increasing disappointment, but I had never been much
of an actress.  I knew that Vicki  did not want to make it easy on me, but her
plan seemed to include putting me to work dressed like a very fashion deficient
steno poll reject.  Avoiding her leering eyes, I unfastened my bra and let it
fall unceremoniously to the floor.  My breasts barely moved as I hurriedly
raised my arms to put on the sweater.  Vicki let me hurry through this step of
the ritual.  It would be better to leave me some control now so that she could
enjoy taking the last of it away from me at a later time.

     The sweater, a full 2 sizes too small, served to accentuate my full
breasts. "Now the skirt." Vicki said, smiling. I unzipped my skirt and let it
fall. The skirt Vicki had selected was a much shorter, tight stretch material. 
As I raised my leg to put the skirt on, Vicki said, "Loose the panties too.
Whores don't wear them." Without a word, I complied with Vicki's spoken
requirements.  I called her a bitch as I slid my black panty hose down my long
legs.  I did not even pause before removing my panties.

     As I struggled to pull the tight skirt over my curvaceous hips, Vicki
leaned back in her chair, satisfied with her feeling of utter power over this
beautiful young woman.  As I slipped my feet into the black five inch pumps she
had provided for me, she saw the last of my old self slip away, and she was
pleased.  The outfit was perfect.  It made me look like an exceptionally cheap
version of the minimum wage dolts she hired to do the shit work and keep the low
level executives happy as they endlessly tried to fuck their way up the
corporate ladder.

      Satisfied with my overall look, Vicki motioned me to once again sit down
in the chair. "You will be under the direct supervision of Stephanie Hughes and
will report to me twice daily for special assignments." I cringed at the added
inflection Vicki gave to the word 'special.'  "The most important thing for you
to know is that you will be required to work and work hard.  I am not going to
give you a free ride no matter how often I fuck you.  You will be watched at all
times my dear, so do be careful not to slack off."  She paused, smiling. "And I
would be careful about who you speak with. Welcome aboard  Miss Taylor, and do
have a pleasant day."

     I sat in the chair for a moment, not sure what to do next.  Surely this
couldn't be all he had in mind.  Not after yesterday.  At last, I stood and
hesitantly began to exit.  "Oh yes, one last thing, you are to follow every
order given to you by Ms. Hughes as if it came from my very own lips.  And I, be
here at noon, we'll have lunch."  With that, Vicki returned to her work and I
exited the office. I walked past the secretary, feeling the older woman's icy
stare on my back as I walked by in my new, all too cheap, outfit.

     Stephanie Hughes was waiting for me and grinned wickedly at the getup Vicki
had put me in.  "Oh, you will be a big hit in that."  She said mockingly. 
Stephanie raised my hand to silence me before I could even respond.  "Now let's
get you down to work Ms. Taylor. You're already 20 minutes late."

      I was led down into a crowded room filled with a dozen or so workers,
mostly young women, all sitting at computer terminals, frantically typing away.
After a brief explanation, Stephanie left I at a computer with a huge stack of
invoices to be inputted before lunch.  Alone now, I wasn't sure how to feel.  I
had graduated at the top of my class and after only year of college, already
knew more about how to run a company than half of the executives.  But there I
was at a computer terminal, surrounded by a bunch of high school underachievers.
None of who were qualified to clean my house, let alone stare condescendingly at
me as I sat typing away.

     The work was harder than I could have imagined.  My  typing skills were
decent, but the constant inputting soon had my hands and arms aching with
overwork.  The uncomfortable clothes did little to help my situation, constantly
riding up on my thighs causing me to shift in my chair.  As lunch approached, 
my  pile was less than half done.  The other girls all seemed to be finished and
had begun to  leave  for lunch.

     I pulled my chair back and started to stand when I felt a hand on my
shoulder, pushing me back down.  I heard a female voice scold me.  "No one takes
lunch until all of their work is done.  No free rides, no matter who you fucked
to get this job."  Rage filled I as the words hit me.  Who was this girl?   I
could run this whole company with my brains and education and there was some
minimum wage tramp implying that I,  had to sleep with someone just to get some
loser entry level position. 

     It was a complete outrage.  Luckily for me, Stephanie Hughes interrupted
before I could blow my cover. "Lunch time Miss Taylor." She said. "But, Ms.
Hughes, her work isn't finished. Policy says..." Stephanie cut her off. "I know
the policy Miss Siefert, thank you. But it seems as if the boss wants to
personally welcome our newest member to the company.  Her orders state that she
is to join her immediately while one of you catches me up on the work.  Choose
the one Miss Taylor." I stood silently, not responding.  This was way too cruel.
How could I work with these women if they all saw my getting special treatment,
and to top it off I had to choose which of the girls had to pull my extra
weight.  The look on Ms. Hughes' face reminded me of Vicki's orders.  Without
looking up to meet the icy stares of my coworkers, I pointed to the short,
stocky blonde girl who had shoved me back into my chair. Stephanie smiled, this
was a major mistake on my part, singling out the one girl in the group with any
balls at all.  "All right Miss Siefert, get to work.  Miss Taylor, you better
get your ass up to the boss's office before lunch gets cold."

      I hurried out of the room, not daring to look up at the disapproving faces
on the other girls.  I knew that Vicki would have something degrading planned
for me upstairs. Vicki was waiting in her office, sipping a martini and smiling
to herself.  It had already been a very busy morning.  The wheels were set in
motion for a very big, if risky move later that week.  Now she was ready for a
bit of relaxation.  At long last, she was going to get to fuck me.  I  knock on
her office door.  "Come in."  She called.  As I entered, Vicki was again struck
by my beauty.  No cheap outfit could alter my fine features and magnificent
body.

     I was stunning, the result of very good blood lines.  This only made her
desire to defile my grow more intense.  "Sit down."  She mumbled, still going
over a pile of papers.  I sat, my hands  folded in my lap, caressing the sore
flesh of my palms.  A hard half day's work was more than the little Princess was
used to.  Vicki smiled, satisfied with how it had begun.  Without looking up,
she asked.  "Enjoying your first day?" I grew angry.  She was mocking me.  "No." 
I blurted out, not thinking.  "How could you do that to me?  Making me single
out someone to do my extra work for me.  Do you know what they will all think?"

      Vicki looked up at me.  "First, my dear, never raise your voice to me
again.  Second, I don't care what they will think.  Third, how can I do it? I
own you.  I can and will do anything I fucking please with your life. Best get
used to that." I suddenly found myself without comment.  I had been able to
trick myself for a while that this was just an unpleasant job I would have to
tolerate, but deep inside I knew that for the time being, Vicki  did in fact own
me.  I struggled mightily to hold back tears.  The last thing I wanted to do
give her that satisfaction. 

     Sensing I was near the breaking point, Vicki decided it was time to
proceed.  "Lean back." She ordered. "Spread your legs like the cheap whore you
are."  She felt like a teenager discovering sexual power once again.  I slid my
ass to the front of the chair, spreading my tan thighs, exposing my hairy pussy
to Vicki.  I tried to block out her cruel words and pretend I was at home,
giving myself pleasure.  I closed my eyes and tried to block out the horror that
had become my life. "Open your eyes. "Vicki growled.  "Look at me  while you
touch yourself slut."  She wanted to see all that spirit and fight drain from me
as I  became more and more her possession. "Touch your dirty pussy .  You know
you are just dying for release.  All that fucking yesterday must have spoiled
you.  You came so hard we were sure you would never stop.  Finger your pussy and
pretend its my finger."

     I was unable to block out the memories that she was bringing back.  All
those women holding me down and fucking me mercilessly.   As my fingers stroked
up and down the length of my slit, I felt the lubrication begin to flow like a
fountain.  Another small piece of me will tore away and was lost forever.

     Despite my best efforts to ignore her, I found myself falling into the
hypnotic rhythm of Vicki's voice. I was now fingering my pussy with two fingers
at an increasing rate.  The tension building in my loins was unbearable, and I
knew that I would cum soon.  Vicki could sense this as well.  I was so easy for
him to control now.  This was a young woman so used to having men drop at my
feet, that the idea of someone taking all my power away was actually turning her
on. She watched my face flush as an orgasm approached. "Take your hands away now
slut."  She shouted.  When I did not respond immediately, Vicki slammed her fist
down on the desk and yelled. "I said stop that now you filthy whore."

     I was shocked back from the brink of climax and reluctantly pulled my
fingers from my dripping pussy.  I was shaking and out of breath, dying to let
myself go over the edge and cum.  Still trembling, I looked across at Vicki with
a confused, pitiful, questioning look on my face. "Oh don't worry slut."  Vicki
mocked.  "You'll get to cum.  That is what you want isn't whore?" I sat
silently, trying to regain my composure.  "Answer me."  She shouted.  "Tell me
you want to cum and I just might let you." Reluctantly, I nodded.  "Yes.  I want
to cum, please let me cum."

     A huge smile crossed Vicki's lips.  "All right, but first, I need some
lunch."  She pressed the intercom on her desk and ten seconds later the office
door opened.  I scrambled to cover myself as a deli delivery boy walked in
carrying a brown paper sack.  The delivery boy, who looked to be about my own
age, smirked as he walked past me, setting the bag on Vicki's desk.  He had seen
this type of low class bimbo in me before, trying to make my way in the world
the old fashioned way. "Thank you Jimmy."  Vicki said.  "Put it on the company
tab. Unfortunately, I seem to be completely out of cash for a tip."

     "No problem." The young man replied, turning to leave. "No Jimmy, you know
that I always pride myself on being a generous tipper.   I may be able to give
you something almost as good as money.  In fact, if you would stay a few
moments, it would be a great help to me."

     My  eyes opened wide and I tried to protest, but Vicki cut me off.  "Get
back to what you were doing, slut."  She bellowed.  Turning back to Jimmy, she
said.  "You see, I have this new toy and since I can't pay you, perhaps you
would care to stay a while and watch me show in place of a cash tip."  "No." 
Cried I, tears welling up in my beautiful blue eyes.  "You can't."

     "Poor misguided Kim." Vicki replied calmly. "You just keep forgetting I can
do anything I please.  You were just a few moments ago telling me how badly you
needed to cum.  I, being such a kind hearted woman, was about to let you, and
you treat me with such disrespect, and in front of Jimmy no less.  I'm afraid I
can't have that kind of insubordination on my staff.  I suppose I'll just have
to let you go Ms. Taylor."

     A sparkle of hope crossed my face for the briefest of moments.  Could he
mean that he was going to just let me go and forget this whole thing?  Was my
torture actually over?  Vicki could almost hear my thoughts as she paused for 
the slightest moment before continuing.  "Oh course, that would mean that police
would be receiving a certain package in the mail containing a certain
embezzlement."

     Jimmy watched silently, not sure what to make of the whole scene.  However,
he knew better than to comment or make for the door.  Vicki  was not one to mess
with.  "No."  Whimpered I, understanding again that I had no choice but to
submit to Vicki's orders.  Without words, I raised my skirt up and began to
slowly rub my pussy, moaning softly at the pleasure I felt in spite of my
growing humiliation. "That's better pet, show Jimmy what a ripe little whore you
are.  This is how you will be spending your lunch breaks, showing your cunt to
anyone I say, making yourself cum as a ordinary street tart."  My fingers worked
faster on my pussy as I severely tried to bring myself to orgasm before Vicki
could make me stop again. My breathing increased & soon I was moaning and
writhing in the chair wildly.  Vicki watched me carefully as she had done the
day before, sensing my approaching climax & at the last possible moment, barking
an order. "Stop!" She yelled so strongly that I was startled out of my rhythm.
"I didn't say you could cum yet whore."

     I moaned loudly in pain and frustration, that was twice she had stopped me
short, I felt as if my entire body might explode if I wasn't allowed to climax.
"Please" I panted, rubbing my wet lips harder again. "I said stop it now you
dirty slut." Vicki commanded. "Jimmy, it seems that Miss Taylor has a problem
keeping her mouth shut.  Since this is my last chance to cum before I dismiss
her permanently, perhaps you could help her." 

     The familiar look of protest crossed my  face, but Vicki beat me to the
next line. "Not a word bitch, or that file goes straight to police.  Now you go
back to making your little pussy cum and Jimmy will help you keep that mouth too
busy to make so much noise."  She nodded her head in Jimmy's direction and the
younger man stepped up next to me. Yes indeed, this was better than the usual
dollar tip  Vicki  usually gave him.

     He walked over next to me and began to undo his pants. I dutifully went
back to work on my pussy.  Once Jimmy had his pants around his knees, he leaned
in close and I wrapped my lips around his growing cock.  He moaned loudly as I
went to work on him, wanting to get him off as quickly as I could to get it over
with.  I suspected that Jimmy had never had someone as good at sucking cock or
as pretty as I was, so it didn't appear to be too much of a challenge.

     I was right on all counts.  Although no virgin, Jimmy had never had such a
skilled pair of lips wrapped around his cock. He also could never have dreamed
of having such a gorgeous  woman doing such things to him. Wanting to enjoy the
feelings, but also wanting to give in to the pleasure, Jimmy held off as long as
he could before groaning loudly on one of my very deep strokes. "I'm going to
cum." He mumbled.

     "Go ahead." said Vicki. "This little slut lives to swallow cum, shoot it
into her mouth.  That way she won't even need to eat lunch." At the same time,
Jimmy stopped thrusting and just stood there moaning.  His whole body looked
like it might explode as he Vicki laughed loudly as she watched me begin to
shudder, lost in my own climax, squealing against the cock blasted cum into my 
mouth. I wanted to deny Vicki the satisfaction of seeing me spill any of Jimmy's
seed on my dress, so I swallowed as quickly as I could, somehow managing to gulp
down each and every drop of the hot creamy fluid.

     As Jimmy withdrew his spent prick from my mouth, I was careful to suck it
clean, leaving no trace of the large load Jimmy had just left in my  mouth. 
Vicki applauded both of their efforts.  She allowed Jimmy ten seconds to pull up
his jeans before dismissing him with a simple gesture.  The grateful young man
hurried out of the office, knowing that he had a tale none of his friends would
ever believe.

     Alone with her, Vicki sat silently for a few moments, enjoying the sight of
me still playing with my clit.  "Well, my dear." Vicki said at last.  "It seems
we have used up almost all of your lunch break.  I do hope Jimmy's little
protein shake will be enough to hold you over until five o'clock."  She laughed
again as she stood behind her desk. "Come here slut"  she said, motioning for me
to stand and join her.  I obeyed, not bothering to fix my skirt as I walked
around behind Vicki's desk.  She placed me on the desk, legs spread wide as she
stood between them, stroking her cunt.  I thought for a moment of how it had
felt the day before rammed into my mouth.  I wondered if Vicki would be any
gentler on my pussy.  Luckily for me, the masturbation and subsequent orgasm had
left me more than adequately lubricated for almost anything she could dish out.
Vicki opened the drawer and pulled out the same dildo that I was fucked with 
yesterday.  She fucked me hard and fast, just before I had my last orgasm she
squeezed the dildo and filled my pussy with artificial cum.

     Vicki chuckled.  "Oh dear, you are late.  No time to clean up, what a pity. 
Guess you'll just have to leave all that cum in you until five.  Enjoy the rest
of your day."  With that, she turned away.  I stood up carefully, trying to hold
my pussy muscles tight so as not to have a tell tale drip coming from my pussy..
As I  took a step towards the door, Vicki said to me.  "Leave the panties. You
can pick them up  after work."

     My head hung low as I walked out of Vicki's office.  It was uncomfortable
to walk all that way holding the  cum inside me.  In addition, all of the 
workers seemed to notice how messed up my face was.  Whispers of "Slut,  Whore,
Tramp" and a host of other names echoed in my ears all the way back down to my
cubicle.  The roomful of workers all glared at me as I walked in.  I was a full
ten minutes late coming back from lunch and my appearance only confirmed what
they already knew, that I was fucking the boss.  While almost everyone in this
office was fucking someone to get ahead, the idea that this new girl was fucking
the big boss put me at the top of their hit list from the start.  Add to that,
my lack of job skills and the fact that my lagging behind was put off onto
another worker. and I could feel their hateful stares as I sat down at my
terminal.

      I tried to concentrate on getting my work done.  The humiliation of not
being able to keep up with the others was almost as bad as having to fuck and
suck whenever and whomever Vicki said.  I could hear the others chatting about
me behind my back, but did my best to put it out of my mind.  What I could not
put out of my mind however, was the slow oozing of Vicki's cum from my pussy. 
There  was just no way to hold it for that long, so the sticky cream dripped
from me, making a large and uncomfortable wet spot on the back of my skirt. 
When I stood up to stretch at break time, I was mortified to hear the others
giggle and see them point at the spot.  Even worse, before I could sit back
down, a large glob of half dried cum dripped from me, landing on my shoe for the
others to see.  They roared with laughter and once again , proud and privileged
Princess could do nothing to stop them.

     Five o'clock could not have come soon enough for me.  Even when it did
finally come, I had some work left over.  I wanted to finish it myself to avoid
having to put one of the others through all of that mess again, but I also knew
the penalty for not showing up in Vicki's office on time.  My look of indecision
must have been obvious, because one of the others spoke up.  "You better get
someone else to do it for you, I'm sure you're meal  ticket wouldn't want her 
whore to be late." Turning my head to see who had spoken, I saw that it was the
blonde I had given my work to earlier. "I don't know what you think you're
talking about.."  I said, suddenly remember myself and feeling full of pride. 
The other girl approached me, unafraid. "Oh yeah?" I questioned.  "Then what's
with that cum stain on your dress? Even a whore knows to clean  herself up after
the fucks." "You would know all about that I suppose" I replied, as I walked
toward toilet.

     When I walked inside, I noticed Linda Siefert, the girl that taunted me
before lunch, and her group were talking amongst themselves as they followed me
inside.  I didn't pay much attention to them, as I headed for a  stall. I pulled
my panties down, and I sat on the toilet. When I came out they saw me, their
faces turned serious. Linda started approaching me. I began backing away,
thinking I had to back down, but then realized that there was nowhere to go, for
my back was touching the toilet wall!

      Linda seemed pleased. I started grinning. "Allright", I said. Then I
noticed something else. She was looking at me in a strange way, like she was
sizing me up. Her stare fell right on my chest, and her smile disappeared. Once
again she started to get closer. "Close the door!", she roared to one of
friends. They complied  immediately, like I was afraid of her. She picked up an
object I couldn't make out, and stuck it under the bathroom door. Now no one
could enter  the bathroom. I saw Linda's evil grin reappear "You're very pretty,
you know that??..."

     I think I displayed a faint nervous smile. She began moving even closer.
"What's the matter?" She said, in a seemingly concerned voice... But before I
could answer, I felt her hand rubbing up against my inner  thigh. OH GOD!!!  I
thought I was gonna pass out. My heart was beating faster than ever before. I
was being molested, and my mind did  not know how to deal with the situation! I
begged her to stop, but she  wouldn't. Then I felt her other hand grab my butt.
My mind was in a whirlwind of questions, guilt, and other emotions. I did not
know how to react. My  whole body seemed frozen in place... Linda's right hand
stopped rubbing my thigh and grabbed my butt. She  then pulled me close to her,
and moved her face close to mine. I could  see her lick her lips right before
she started French kissing me!

     I was terrified! I didn't know what to do to make her stop!  Her tongue was
exploring my mouth with tenacity, and her hands were rhythmically squeezing my
ass!!! I tried to push her  away, but her grip was strong.... BUT, all of a
sudden, a new feeling enveloped my body, . It was a feeling of pleasure, one
that I never felt before. I could feel my body heat up, and my cunt started to 
get wet. Linda stopped kissing me, looked deep into my eyes for a moment, and 
began to pull up my sweater. Somehow, I knew I was starting to enjoy the
encounter. She then began rubbing my tit's thru the material.

     I felt like I was about to explode. No one had ever touched me like that,
and the feeling was fantastic. Her hand  then moved from my tits to my cunt. I
could feel  that I was starting to become wet down there, and started smiling.
Her left hand proceeded in rubbing against my slit, and her right hand was
squeezing my tit. The double dose of pleasure I was receiving set me over the
top, and I began moaning softly. I then increased her hand speed. "OHHHHHH, YES,
OHH, don't stop..." I moaned.. After about 30 seconds of that, my body began
trembling, and I started to  cum, and cum and cum!! 

     My first orgasm shook my body and the feeling was one of pure lust  and
pleasure unlike anything I ever felt before! I could feel a tingling sensation
from head  to toe, and it felt great!!!! My twat was flowing with girl juices,
and my nipples were like rocks.   Linda then slipped a finger in my pussy!  "OH
MY GOD", I thought, as I nearly let out a cry of  pleasure, for the sensation
was maddening!  "You're tight!", she said, as she started working that finger
inside my twat, sending waves of  fantastic pleasure thru my body! Her tempo
picked up, and pretty soon  I was having another awesome orgasm.

     By this time, I was getting VERY aroused, and my pussy was soaking wet. 
Her hands seized my nipples, squeezing and twisting them, making them ever more
erect. She started kissing my neck, working her way down to my tities. She then
took my left nipple in her mouth, making me gasp for air!!! All this while the
other  girls were sitting around outside, grinning. I felt ashamed, standing
there,  with all these people thinking about me, while I was being fucked by
another girl! But  my brain was too overwhelmed with pleasure to think about
anything else. She  then pulled off  my skirt, and whispered in my ear: "Spread
your legs, little whore." I complied, and she knelt down in front of me. Her
fingers opened my tight cunt, and she started working her tongue in and out of
my slit. I couldn't believe I was just sitting there, getting my pussy licked by
some girl I didn't even know, and was enjoying myself!!! Her tongue kept darting
in and out of my cunt, licking up my  juices, bringing me closer and closer to
another orgasm.

     Sometimes, she would grab my clit with her teeth, and slowly pull back.
"Ohhh!! YES! AHH!" I would cry. My body was trembling continuously from the many 
orgasms that followed. I was breathing very  hard, and my heart was pounding as
it was about to jump out of my chest.  I thought I was gonna  pass out right
there. She stood up, licked her lips of my juices, and asked: "Did  you like
that, slut?" I barely nodded yes. "Welcome to our whoredom," She said, as she
was leaving.  Linda and her crew left, and I cleaned myself up and went toward
the elevator..

     Walking down to the elevator as I pushed the button for the elevator, I saw
Vicki talking with a group of men standing in the hallway saying her good-byes
to them. They must've had a good time because they were all laughing and talking
as they looked at me. They left and headed towards the elevator. I looked at
them and they said, "Hi."  Of course, being the friendly person that I was, I
said, "Hi" back.  We stood there for a while waiting for the elevator to arrive. 
I could  hear movement behind me but I was pretending to ignore it, when I felt
an arm reach around me and stop the elevator and by the look in their eyes, I
knew what was going to happen. I was scared, but deep down, I was also very
excited!  The oldest of the men seemed to be in charge.

     Before I knew what was happening I was held by the two younger men and
forced onto the floor! I hit my head and cried out in pain!!  One of them ripped
off my top, while the other one removed my skirt.  As they started to unzip
their pants the older guy yelled, "Hey! I'm first!"  He pulled down his pants
and lay on top of me while the other two held me down. I could feel his hot
breath on my face as he started kissing me! I turned my head from side to side,
trying to keep his lips from touching mine, but he grabbed my head with both
hands and held me still.  As his lips touched mine, I opened my mouth and bit
him! His head came up and at the same time his hand came down and hit me across
the face and in my mouth. I heard him say, "Do that again bitch, and I'll kill
you!" 

     The look of fear in my eyes seemed to please him, so he continued.  I could
feel his mouth on my face and felt it move slowly down to my neck.  His
un-shaven face rubbing against my skin hurt, but I was too terrified to say
anything.  I could feel his mouth and tongue moves slowly down my body. Then his
hands were on my breasts, squeezing them with such force that I had to yell! He
just looked at me and laughed.  My pain seemed to give him pleasure so he
lowered his head and started sucking on my nipples, gently at first but then he
sucked harder.  I felt his teeth bite down on my nipple while his hands squeezed
harder and harder on my tits. He went from one nipple to the other, biting and
sucking; biting and sucking until he was satisfied. I'd never felt so helpless
in my life!

     Then I felt one hand move down my body to my pussy.  He put his hand on my
pussy and just rubbed it back and forth and seemed pleased when he felt its
wetness.  Removing his mouth from my tit, he licked his way down the rest of my
body until he had to slide his body off mine and onto the floor to put his head
between my legs..  With one hand, he spread my pussy lips and with the other, he
stuck his finger deep inside me. At first he was gentle, but then suddenly he
just went crazy!! It felt like he shoved his whole hand into me!! It hurt like
hell, but it seemed the more I yelled, the harder he shoved his hand into me!  I
almost passed out from the intense pain he was inflicting and his mouth took
over. 

     He ran his tongue up and down the length of my pussy, then flicked it
across my now hardened clit.  I could feel his hot breath on my pussy as his
tongue licked it from top to bottom.  Then his lips went around my clit and he
started sucking for all he was worth!  I didn't want to enjoy it, but all the
while he was doing that, I kept thinking, "Damn, this guy can really eat pussy!" 
As he ate me his hands went up underneath me and I felt his finger go up my ass
and the pain I felt made me yell out again.  As I lay there with my eyes closed,
yelling, I heard him say to his friends, "Shut her up!"

     I closed my eyes tighter, thinking I was going to get hit again, when I
felt a cock against my lips.  I opened my mouth to say no, but he shoved his
cock deep into my mouth before I could utter a word. It made me gag, but I tried
not to let him see that. He kept shoving it in and out, telling me to "Suck on
it!"  Afraid to do anything, I had no choice. Not wanting to admit to myself
that sucking a cock and being eaten at the same time was really turning me on!!!

     As I sucked his cock, the older man sat up and said, "She is ready, make
her kneel on all fours!" They lifted me up and I knelt on my hands and knees. I
felt the older man rub his cock up against my ass and say, "First, bitch, I'm
going to fuck your tight little pussy, and then I'm going to fuck you in the
ass!" All I could do was moan, because I had the other guy's cock inside my
mouth. He thrust into my pussy harder than I'd ever had it done before! Putting
both hands on my ass he pulled his cock in and out, shoving  it in deeper and
deeper with every thrust.  It hurt, but at the same time, felt fantastic!

     The faster he pumped, the faster I sucked his friend's cock. Being fucked
and sucking cock turned me on more than I cared to admit.  As the rhythm got
faster and faster I could hear them start to moan, and I knew they were getting
ready to cum. I sucked harder and harder, and he came in my mouth the same time
his friend came in my pussy.  I felt the pulse in his cock start to beat faster
and I knew he was close.  With one last thrust into my pussy, I felt his cum
shoot deep into me and I sucked the cock in my mouth harder until I felt him
start to cum and stick his cock deep down my throat. I could feel his cum
sliding down my throat, and I swallowed every drop. Hearing my moans of
pleasure, the older man said,  "You love it, don't you bitch?!?"

     I nodded my head in agreement. Now in your tight little ass!"  The youngest
of the three was sitting there with his cock in his hand, when the older guy
said to him, "I want you to stick your cock up her pussy while I fuck her in the
ass!"  By now I was starting to feel very tired, but the thought of having 3 men
fucking me brought me back to life.  So, while the oldest of the three stuck his
cock up my ass, the youngest one shoved his cock up my pussy, while his brother
(I assumed) started pumping  his cock in and out of my mouth.

     We all seemed to be moving as one. I was never without a cock inside me. My
loud moans of pleasure & pain could be heard  throughout the elevator. They
started pumping faster and faster and I sucked faster and faster.  The older guy
kept smacking me on the ass, but it felt good!!  After what seemed like hours,
the older guy came first and shot his hot cum all over my ass! Then I sucked
harder and harder until I made the cock in my mouth cum, and finally I felt his
brother start to cum and I just lay on the floor, exhausted.

     As I lay there I felt the elevator suddenly start to move again, and I saw
the guys putting their clothes back on. I looked around for  top and skirt,
wanting to cover myself up before the elevator reached  the  first floor.  As I
saw the numbers get closer and closer to the first floor, the elevator didn't
stop, but kept going down into the basement.  I was glad, because I didn't want
anyone to see what had happened!  As the doors opened They thanked me for the
good time!  "Tell Vicki, thanks, we enjoyed it" I heard them laughing as they
walked away.

     As I was putting my close back on I saw Ms. Hughes walked into the
elevator, She was on her way to the company's gym on the last floor. She me
Vicki wanted me to go along, and get some exercise, and she would join us later.
She reached into her bag and gave me a gym shirt and shorts to use. I accept her
offer and on the way to the gym locker she said, " You go ahead Miss Taylor,
I'll join you in a few minutes.

     Once in the gym locker room, I removed my sweater and as I was putting it
in a locker, Ms. Hughes walked over with her gym outfit on. As I was trying to
remove my skirt, she took my gym shirt and tied it around my head, blindfolding
me. When I tried to talk, a tangy, musty taste filled my mouth as I felt a moist
cloth being shoved in my mouth filling it completely, and my hand and legs were
grabbed by four hands. The girl holding my hands hissed. "How does my cunt-juice
taste?. This morning all three of us stuffed those panties in our cunts and
masturbated at least half a dozen times, don't worry you'll taste all of our
pussies before we're done with you."

     There was the sound of a Polaroid camera taking a picture, followed by a
murmur in the group surrounding me. I struggled to get free but one of the girls
pinched and twisted my nipples until they were hard and erect.  "get her on the
bench." Ms. Hughes barked. They used a pair of pantyhose and tied my wrists
behind me. Two girls pulled my ankles apart and tied each ankle to leg of the
bench, which left me spread wide open so that Ms. Hughes would have full access
to my pussy folds.

     I tense in shame as I felt Ms. Hughes 's hand slowly sliding up my the side
of my right thigh and touching my pussy. She parted my cunt lips and shoved a
finger into me. The sound of another picture being taken alarmed me. My cunt was
a slippery mess as she began to slip two then three fingers in and out of my
heated slit.

     "Eiaghie" I screamed, as the wet end of a towel sliced at the base of my
thigh. I begged them to stop as another blow from the towel stung deeply at my
other thigh. I screamed again as the wet towel painted a hot red welt across my
swollen, excited pussy lips. Someone was kind enough to take another picture for
my picture album. Tears welled up in my eyes as the burning sting of the three
towel strikes hit my tits.

     "Why? Why are you doing this?" I blubbered, "Please stop, I'll do anything!
Just stop, Please "I said in desperation. "Fine then, untie her." Said Ms.
Hughes. I felt my arms and legs loosen and I immediately pushed myself up to a
kneeling position on the bench. I covered my tits with my left hand and arm, and
covered my pussy with my right hand.

     Slap! Her hand crashed across my face. " Don't cover your self. I want you
to feel totally ashamed." I slowly placed both hands on the bench next to my
thighs. "Are you ready to begin Ms. Taylor? She asked. I nodded my head in
silence, as she forced my knees apart with her hands.

     "Jennifer. Jennifer Jacobs, get over here."  Ms. Hughes snarled loudly.
"Yes ma'am." The big breasted girl blurted. "Take your cloths off and teach this
bitch how to lap a cunt, I want her to be an expert cunt licker by end of the
day. The rest of you girls strip down. Kim's gonna suck some serious pussy
today." As Jennifer striped her panties off, at the upper right of her red pubic
patch was some letters tattooed. I strained my eyes as I tried to read them.
"For Ladies Only." When I asked about the tattoo, the shameless bitch said,
"That means I've only let woman have my bush."

     Jennifer paused at my knee, I felt her place a hand on inside of each knee.
"Relax and open up." She snapped. When I hesitated to comply, she slapped my
tits with her hands and yelled, "Spread them open my little whore." I opened my
legs and surrendered to her hot lesbian rape. Jennifer attacked my cunt savagely
with her tongue and fingers  as I grunted loudly and tensed up as I came.

     My head exploded in a bright white light flash of pain as Ms. Hughes
slapped me. She pulled my head by the hair and screamed, "Lick my cunt, Bitch!
Lick it now you fucking cunt."  In fear I opened my mouth and stuck my tongue up
her acidic pussy. I tongued her until she arched her back and let out a grunt
and filled my mouth with thick acidic secretions of her cunt, while the took
more pictures.

     Ms. Hughes slowly lifted her self up from my face as Jennifer pulled her
fingers from my cunt. Well dear, you have a choice, you can lick each of these
girls cunts or finger fuck yourself till you cum in front of us all." She
growled. I begged them to let me go, but she instructed Linda to sit on my face.
"Kim, you lick her cunt and suck her off, while we shave your nasty black bushy
hair from your filthy cunt." She whispered.

     As I licked Linda's cunt, I felt a the warm, slipperiness of the shaving
cream as it was applied to my crotch by one of the girls. I felt her finger slip
into my cunt & asshole as she applied the shaving cream and someone captured the
moment on film too. The bitch shaved my pussy and asshole twice before stopping,
making sure I was  bald & sleek as a baby's face. As I brought Linda into
orgasm, she filled my mouth with hot salty liquid, as I realized that Linda was
pissing in my mouth. As I tried to spit it out Linda held my nose and forced my
mouth shut forcing me to swallow every drop of her acidic urine, while someone
photographed my first golden shower.

     When my shaved pussy was toweled off, Ms. Hughes took me into the shower
and tossed a bar of soap to me and said, "Wash  up." When I bend over to pick up
the soap someone snapped a picture. "Kimmy aren't you forgetting our little
show, or would you like to eat cunt the rest of the afternoon?" interjected Ms.
Hughes.  One of the bigger girls as she ran a hand over her cunt said, " Let her
do me."

     I shuddered at the thought of another meal of unwashed filthy cunt and
slowly sat on the floor of the shower area.  I leaned back and parted my thighs
slightly. I gently stroked a finger over my pussy lips. "Spread your legs, you
little slut whore." Yelled one of the girls.  I pulled my thighs apart, opening
my slick, bald flesh of my shaved cunt to their prying eyes.  I rubbed my clit
and pulled on my cunt lips.  The hot wetness was exciting as  I played with
myself. I slowly began to slide my finger in and out of the oozing slit. My hips
rocked involuntarily as I tried to cram as much of my hand into my clutching
hole.  I finger fucked myself, till I felt a climax approaching. I pumped my
cunt as fast as I could, as I grunted and had an orgasm.

     Suddenly everyone applauded and screamed as I closed my legs. As I got up
and held a bar of soap to shower up, I noticed Melissa Brown took the bar of
soap from my hands and proceeded to lather up my chest, arms, legs, and bald
pussy. Her fingers lingered over my clit, while her other hand tickled my slit
from the rear. I was becoming excited as she began to finger fuck my pussy.  I
shifted my weight and parted my thighs, making my cunt and ass available to
her.. Melissa began to rub my clit with the bar of soap, making it slippery.
Then she paused for a second. Then she paused for a second and shoved the bar up
my cunt. Then she walked away.  I squatted down to pull it out but could not get
a grip on the soap.. I forced my fingers into my cunt and struggled to grip the
bar, when Melissa returned with 3 huge dildos in her hand. She pushed me onto my
back and said, "It's time for your dildo training." As she slid her fingers up
my cunt and pulled out the soap, as someone took another picture.

     While I was recovering from the pain, Melissa fastened a harness around her
waist and thighs, and attached the dildo to the harness. She stood over me and
said, " Get on your knees in front of me. I want you to suck my cock and finger
my pussy until I come." I quickly knelt as instructed.  She took the shaft and
shoved it into my mouth. While I was sucking, she ordered, "Now finger my slit
while you suck my cock."  I slid my hand into her crotch and fingered her cunt
as she grabbed my head and rocked her hips, fucking my mouth. The photographer
captured that moment too. Soon she was ready to cum, and with one hard thrust of
her hips she shoved the dildo all the way down into my throat, as she shuddered
in an orgasm.

     "Now lay back Kim." I heard from the back. It was Mary, as she stood over
me she said, "I want to cunt fuck you." As Melissa removed the harness and
handed over to Mary. Mary took the harness and fasten it in place.  She slapped
my face with the dildo and said, " I'm gonna take you just like a man would. Now
lay on your back and spread them like a whore." She pushed me on my back, and
grabbed my ankles and opened my legs as she placed her self between them.
Someone took another picture. With one hard shove Mary forced the dildo in all
the way, as shower room flashed brightly as they captured another image on film.

     Mary held my hips and began to piston the dildo in and out of my slit.  She
pumped me for good ten minutes while pictures were being taken.  She increased
her speed bring us both an orgasm as Mary fell on top of me.  Two girls moved
into the shower and took me back to the locker room where Ms Hughes was waiting
for me.

     "Lay  on your stomach. Be quick about it. We don't have much time. The boss
will be here soon." She barked. As I lay down on the bench Jennifer and Linda
cut my hip long brunette hair to my shoulders and colored my hair dirty Blonde,
while Ms. Hughes slipped her finger up my asshole as I felt her apply some
lubricant to my rectum. She forced her finger into my hole and finger fucked my
asshole. Then with the other hand she reached into my cunt and fingered my slit.
She fingered my both holes until they were well lubricated to her satisfaction. 
She pulled her finger out of my asshole and as one of the girls handed her a
black dildo.  Ms. Hughes inserted the dildo in my cunt while continuing to slide
her finger in and out of my asshole. Someone took another picture. As she fucked
my cunt with the dildo, I felt her fingers pulling out of my ass and it was
replaced with another dildo. Now I had a cock in my ass and one in my cunt. The
domineering woman began to slowly fuck my holes with the dildos.

     "Oh God no." I shrieked as I felt my ass was tearing. I cried  in pain, "
Please stop." But it was no use. Ms. Hughes called Mary over & said, " Mary, gag 
this bitch."  Mary pinched my nose with one hand & the her strap-on dildo with
the other hand & said, " Suck my cock whore."  Since I could not breathe, as I
opened my mouth for air, Mary shoved the Large dildo into my mouth. She grabbed
my head with both hands & pushed her hips forward, shoving the dildo all the way
down my throat. Next she pulled the cock out living the tip in my mouth & pushed
it back in very slowly, all the way down my throat. Mary persisted this while
Ms. Hughes dildo fucked my pussy & asshole.  I was soon panting & bucking back
to meet their thrusts. I came twice more before the rubber cocks were removed.

     I fell back on the bench exhausted. While I was recovering I saw Vicki
enter the locker room with a box in her hand. As she stood over me, she showed
me a pair of gold rings and said, "Do you like your new nipple rings." When I
tried to cover my tits, she ordered, "Hold her down." The girls seized me
tightly and kept me from moving. Vicki smacked my breasts from left to right and
then right to left with both hands till I was docile. She opened the box and
pulled out a small tool and pierced my already erect nipples with a pair of gold
rings as sign of her dominion. On their way out every one gathered around me for
a group picture. Ms. Hughes shoved the dildos half way up my cunt and asshole,
as Mary forced her strap-on into my mouth.  There I was with three rubber cocks
inside my openings, and surrounded by a group of office workers whom enjoyed
raping me to their satisfaction. The photographer just before snapping the last
shoot, looked at me and said, "Say I'm a whore." As I mumbled "AAMMM WHHRR ",
she snapped the picture. On the way out, Vicki fondles my cunt and asshole and
said, " Remarkably very nice, just the way I like my slave's holes; Well-fucked,
Depilated, Loosen and Augmented. I love your hair color too, it matches your
identity, dirty Blonde for a dirty whore."

     It took me about an hour to get myself back together. As I started to look
for my cloths, I found a pair of panties, bra, shirt, and a skirt.  On the way
out I was stopped by the guard. She was the biggest black woman I had ever seen.
"Hey, what are you doing here? No one is suppose to be here at this hour!" She
yelled. I tried to ignore her, but as I walked by, she grabbed me by the hair
and  said, "I'm talking to you." I screamed, "Let me go you black bitch, let me
go." She held me by the hair and screamed in my ear, "You little white bitch,
I'm the boss here at nights and I give the orders around here. I'm gonna have to
teach you some manners."

     She dragged me into the woman's toiled and shoved me on the ground. When I
tried to get back up, she seized me by the shirt and rip it to shreds.  As I
tried to cover myself, she grabbed the bottom of my skirt and tore it off. When
I tried to run out, she grabbed me by the strap of the bra and tossed me to the
floor, ripping the bra from my chest.

     Before I could make another move, she opened my legs and pushed the crotch
of my panties to a side and forced her black night stick up my cunt and said, "
Use my Billy club on your pussy while I get ready." I could not believe this was
happening to me. She removed her uniform and stood in front of me wearing only
bra and panties.

     She pulled me up by my breasts and said, "Suck my tities, you little
cunt-itch." As I tongued her nipples, she pistoned the stick in and out of my
slit, causing an agonizing pain inside me. Once she was satisfied, she pushed me
to my knees and pulled the crotch of her panties to a side and unmasked a five
inch black cock into my face. "Suck my big black clit, white bitch." She
demanded. I was in such a big shock, that without a word I took her cock into my
mouth and began to suck it. The harder I sucked, the bigger it got. "Pull the
stick out and finger your cunt." She snapped. I obediently reached into my
crotch and pulled the night stick out slowly and began to slide my finger in and
out of the oozing slit. My hips rocked involuntarily as I tried to cram as much
of my hand into my clutching hole.  I finger fucked myself, till I felt a climax
approaching. I pumped my cunt as fast as I could, as I grunted and had an orgasm
as I gave her a blow-job. "Now stick your finger in your ass and give your shit
hole a lube job with your cunt-juices." She demanded.  I obediently removed my
finger out and shoved it up my ass.

     By now I was starting to feel very tired, but the thought of having a
SHE-MALE fucking me brought me back to life.  "I want to fuck your  cunt-ass,
bitch. "Haul your ass to the toilet bowl, bend over and clean the juices off my
stick with your tongue." She commanded.  I tongued the stick as I  bend over the
toilet, she tore the panties off my hips and slapped my ass and said, "Hold
yourself open, bitch." I used my teeth to hold the stick and used my hands to
pull my buttocks apart and reveal the focus of her interest. Is she pleased?  I
hear her chuckling. "You look used. But I'm sure you need a good lesson in
mannerism." She stuck her cock up my ass, and shoved two fingers  into my pussy,
while I pumped her night stick in and out of my mouth. She started pumping
faster and faster and I sucked faster and faster. She kept smacking me on the
ass, but it felt good!!  After what seemed like hours, she came  and shot her
hot cum all over my ass!  I sucked harder and harder until I made the stick in
my mouth clean, and finally I felt a climax approaching. She fingered my cunt as
fast as she could, as I grunted and had an orgasm. I just lay on the floor,
exhausted.

     As I lay there I saw the guard putting her clothes back on. "You like it,
don't you bitch?!?"  She said while leaving. I nodded my head in agreement. I
looked around for  top and skirt, wanting to cover myself up before someone
walked in. I put the torn shirt and skirt on and went home.

     Once at the door I found my stuff in front of the door in three suitcases.
As I tried to open the door with my key, Vicki opened the door and let me in.
She barked, " You can no longer stay here. You must move out and find a place of
your own."  I could not this was happening to me. I had no where to go.  "Oh no
, please don't kick me out. I have no where to go." I was too tired to speak,
but Vicki paced around, lecturing my. "I know your will is still strong.  I have
not broken you yet.  Well, remember, I have the papers & I will show it to
anyone I can find.  I may let you stay , if you agree to move in the maid's
quarters & live there with an understanding that you will be under my direct
supervision  for special assignments."

     The next morning  Vicki came into my room and gave me a piece of paper with
a list of chores that needed to be done around the house. Including : cleaning
the house and doing the laundry. She slapped my ass cheeks and snapped, "Get to
work slut. I will inspection your work when I get back from the office."  Since
I was so sore and tired, I decided to stay in bed and play with myself,
forgetting Vicki's orders.

     Mistress Vicki, walks into the room, impeccably dressed in a pink wool
channel day suit, beautiful fendi bag at her side, on three inch ankle strap
open toed pumps.   She caught me half naked, legs spread rubbing myself.  "Is
this what you do all day while I'm at work, you tramp??.  Take your panties off
when I'm in the room, bitch."  "Yes Mistress."  I removed my panties and handed
them over.

     Mistress examining my wet, soaked, cummy panties.  "You little tramp, you
have just been masturbating all day." Throwing them back in my face, "I want to
watch you eat and suck on them , you whore.  Eat your own cumstain out for me,
slut. Does it turn you on to suck your own panties, freak?  I love to watch you
do it.  That's it slurp them and suck them, suck them good baby, yes, suck them
right on the crotch, suck that cotton panel, suck all the flavor out, taste your
own cuntjuice. Oh you must like that. I just thought of a new rule for you,
never send a pair a panties to the laundry again unless they've been sucked out,
I'll be checking."  "Yes Mistress." I answered

     As I tongued the panties, she had me climbing on the sofa while not using
my hands. She continued, "Head down, ass up, knees spread." As I complied she
picked up a riding crop. She put the tip of the rod between my labia and spread
them. She moved the rod producing a tickling sensation.  Vicki stopped for a
moment as she reached into her pocket and pulled out a pair of alligator clips.
She rose one of my legs to get my cunt exposed, and clipped my labia. I feel the
teeth of the alligator clips immediately, a sharp stinging pain the quickly
becomes a constant agony.  She fondled my buttocks and said," I want your ass.
From this day keep yourself well lubricated for any unexpected penetrations.
Hold yourself open." "Yes Mistress." I answered. I put my head down and pull my
buttocks apart with my hands, exposing my rectum. I feel the oil when she
applied it and then I feel her fingers pushing inside me. She pushed her fingers
up my sore ass and began to finger fuck me. Then I feel her hand slide into my
crotch and to find the clips attached to my labia. She twisted one of the clips
& the searing pain caused me to cry out. She continued to finger fuck me as she
played with the clip. She stopped just before I could cum and, removed the clips
and pulled her fingers from my asshole. 

     She cleaned her fingers with my hair and ordered,  "Come and put your lips
on my tight pantied cunt."  Vicki sat on the sofa and opened her legs and
continued, "Suck my nice pink nylon panties, suck em clean baby." As I licked
the crotch of her panties, she barked, " That's right on the hole, suck my dirty
panties, slut.  You look so pretty licking my wet panties, rubbing your face all
down on them, pressing your nose it them, sniffing them, you love that smell
don't you? That's it, suck that material in your mouth and strain out all the
juice.  You'd be worthless if you wernt good for keeping my panties clean, you
pussywipe.  Too bad I can't wear your mouth as my pantyliner.  Would you like
being a human pantyshield?" I nodded my head in agreement, while licking the
panties.

      "Now you can pull them off and kiss my hard clit and slippery wet
cuntlips, you can suck my hole too, slut, you've earned it.  See how spread and
open my pussy is, how red it is and how swollen plump its gotten, how gaping my
hole is, that's because I just let a man fuck me, see how sticky wet it is,
smelling of cockfuck and dripping mancum.  Just the way you like it." She
barked.   "Yes Mistress." I nodded my head, while licking her cunt. I licked up
and down, lick her from one end to the other.  "Ohhh, Mistress is  cumming, get
ready for me to gush all in your mouth, my little pussylicking cuntslave.  Yes,
suck it you hussy, you cunt craving harlot." She ordered. As I brought her into
orgasm, she filled my mouth with hot salty liquid. Vicki ordered me to get my
self cleaned up.

     I hurry  into the shower. I turned on the spray and leaned back against the
wall as water cascades over my body.  Suddenly shower door slides to the side
and I see Vicki standing naked. Her eyes meet mine, she looks amused, she steps
into the shower. She takes the soaps and soaps my shoulders and then my hips to
my buttocks. Then she reaches around to cup my tits in her soapy hands. She
holds them, squeezes them and pulled and twisted  my nipple rings and drops one
hand down to my belly and then to my cunt and stroking it. "Keep our little
money-maker bald and shiny, okay? We can make an endless amount of profit. I
have many potential buyers aroused to pay vast amount of money as an entrance
fee." She whispered. "Yes Mistress Vicki." I moaned.

     She ran her hand over my ass and with a quick shove, she pushed her finger
up my tender asshole and she holds it there. "Lean forward." She said. "Put your
hands on the wall and spread your legs." After I do that she started fucking me.
First it's one finger in my ass and then two fingers. She bites my nipple till I 
was whimpering. She pushes me down, and opens her legs and fits her hairy cunt
into my mouth and I start sucking it. Her hip is moving, her cunt moving on my
face. She bucks her hips as she comes into my mouth, and then at the end she
pisses and the acidic urine and shower spray wash over my turned up face like
holy water from heaven. "You love it, don't you my little piss house?!? You may
turn in early, because you will have a long day tomorrow."  She said while
exiting the shower. I nodded my head in agreement as I lay there.

     Next day, when I woke up I found a note on the table, reading Kim report to
Mistress Katrina at this address by nine o'clock. I went to my room and became
dressed in a crochet trim dress. When I arrived at the house, I was met by
Mistress Katrina's live-in slave, Sara. She let me into the living room of
Mistress Katrina's home. I was pleasantly surprised when Mistress Katrina
entered the room. She told me that I was here to be rejuvenated and revitalized
for Vicki. She had me fill out a questionnaire that thoroughly detailed every
aspect of her policy. While I was reading the questionnaire, I heard Mistress
Katrina speak to Sara saying, " Get her ready  and bring her downstairs." Before
she left the room. " Yes Mistress." Sara replied.

     When I handed the papers back to Sara. She grabbed my wrists and hand
cuffed them behind me. She inserted a dildo gag into my mouth and said, "OK my
dear lets see what you have underneath." As I struggled to get loose. Sara
unbuttoned my jacket and pulled it open, keeping me from moving my arms. She
unbuttoned my dress and pulled it open exposing my bra and panties. Next she
grabbed the crotch of  my pantyhose and ripped it open to my shoes. Sara slapped
my right thigh and said, "Remove your shoes." As I stepped out of each shoe, she
pulled the rest of the pantyhose off. She grasped the clasp at the front of my
bra, between the cups and ripped it open, exposing my tits. Then she grabbed the
crotch of my panties and pulled hard to one side, display my cunt. 

     Sara led me down to the dungeon in the basement where Mistress Katrina was
waiting. She looked like a Goddess in the tight fighting leather corset and
fishnet stockings. We stopped at the door way. Sara grabbed my dress by the
collar and pulled it down to my wrists, and said, "Your whore is ready
Mistress." Then she lowered my panties to my knees and kicked my legs open, left
me standing there with my tits and cunt accessible to Mistress Katrina.

     Mistress Katrina placed a collar around my neck and then snapped a chain to
it. She pulled the chain and forced me to follow her into the dungeon. As we
walked further, I saw several slave girls who are shaved completely. All of them
are blonde except one girl who is a brunette.

     With her strong German accent, Mistress Katrina ordered Sara to strap me to
her horse. As the restraints were clamped around my ankles and wrists, I could
hear Mistress's high heels as she walked away behind me. "Pull and twist the
little pain dog's nipples until they are hard as a little acorns and she is
barking." She ordered at Sara. Mistress Katrina took the bottom of my dress and
tore it off me, striping  me  naked with only my panties around my knees and
unfastened bra. While Sara twisting and pulling on my nipples, Mistress swats my
ass with her riding crop. The feelings were incredible. Each hit was, a
different sensation.. She took me from mild to wild.

     After my ass was, according to her ... " Rosy Red" from her implement,
Mistress told Sara  to put Rat traps on my nipples and cunt lips and add a
weight to each one.  As Sara clamped the Rat traps and added the weights
Mistress slapped my ass forcing me to swing them.

     After what seem like an eternity, (in actually it was only a few minutes)
Mistress instructed Sara to remove the leather straps, traps and the gag. I was
then led to another room where I was trussed up like a little pig on the floor.
As I lay there on my back I could see some writings on the ceiling. It read : My
clitoris is a hard marble; my ruin is total. These are the rules of engagement:
The slave speaks only when ordered to speak. The obedience of the slave is
always complete. The punishment of the slave is never questioned. The pleasure
of slave has no meaning.

     Mistress then returned wearing another outfit, this one with a leopard skin
bra and leather but crotchless panties.. Mistress handed Sara A black lit candle
and said, "Drip candle wax all over her cunt." As tried to protest, Mistress
muffled my mouth as she fits her hairy cunt into my mouth and I start sucking
it. Her hip is moving, her cunt moving on my face. She bucks her hips as she
comes into my mouth, and then at the end she pisses and the acidic urine fills
my mouth. I moaned loudly in pain and frustration as Sara dripped hot wax on my
cunt. As the last drop drained on to my tongue, I felt my body beginning to
shudder with the first few waves of a huge orgasm.

     When she was finished with me, she instructed me to read the writing on the
ceiling. She said, "I want you to read it over and over again until you
memorized every word. Do you accept little whore." I nodded my head in agreement
as I lay there. Before Mistress left, she ordered Sara to clean me up and take
me to her dressing boudoir.

     Sara led me into the shower stall and gave me a razor and a can of shaving
cream and drops one hand down to my cunt. "Keep this without hair. Shave
everything off, okay?" She said. "Yes Ms. Sara." I muttered. Once I was done
soaping my body I applied some shaving cream to my arm pits, cunt, and my legs.
The initial stroke of the razor over my cunt felt like an ice cube. As I slowly
shaved away any trace of pubic stubble that had grown since the girls in the
gymlocker had shaved me.

     One I was finished, I followed Sara into Mistress Katrina's transformation
room. I had never seen such a collection of beautiful clothes, wigs, shoes, and
make-ups. Once inside Sara removed my towel and said, "She is ready Mistress."
Mistress Katrina  enjoyed having me try out all sorts of different French Maids
outfits until she found the perfect one. Then she had me try on different kinds
of wigs, shoes, cupless bras, and crotchless panties, etc. until the
transformation was complete. I was transformed right down to the doily hat in my
hair and the bright red lipstick. I was very excited when Mistress told me that
I looked like a perfect little slut whore and that I would be going out with her
to a party that evening. But not before I learned what my slut whore duties
going to be.

     She asked me if I knew how to suck cock. The next thing I knew she was
lifting her skirt, and forcing me down to my knees. She took my hand and rubbed
it against what I thought was her cunt, encased in black leather panties, but
there was a large bulge under there. She slipped her hand under panties and
pulled out a huge 12" dildo, that she had strapped on while I was busy with my
stockings. She told me to lay on my back, and she straddled my face and
shoulders. She started ramming her cock, deep into my throat, and telling me
what a little whore I was, and now I was going to service all of her friends and
any stranger at the party that we were going to. Mistress then started to moan,
and she told me she was going to cum, she pulled the dildo out of my mouth, and
squeezed it, and it shot a load of hit, sticky cum all over my face.

     As we drove through the city, Mistress informed me that we were going to
attend a local swingers club that was open to those involved in the S&M/B&D
lifestyle. As we walked into the house, it was quite apparent that Mistress
Katrina was the center of attention. After a few hours of waiting on party
guests' hand and foot per Mistress's instruction, I was ordered to go and stand
in the middle of the room, where Mistress asked every one to observe the show
that I was going to carry out. As everyone gathered around, Mistress points out
to everyone, what a little whore slut I was, and how I sucked a mean cock. She
asked if there was any special request. From each corner of the room I heard
voices, "Grease up a dildo and have her ride it", "Have her squad down and fuck
a dildo with her ass", "Spank her tits & ass until her cunt drips", "Dildo gag
the little cocksucker".

     Mistress proceeded to blind fold me, and unzipped my uniform and let it
drop to the floor, revealing my most private parts to every one. I immediately
pushed myself up to a kneeling position on the ground. I covered my tits with my
left hand and arm, and covered my pussy with my right hand.

     Slap! Her hand crashed across my face. "Don't cover your low life body. I
want you to feel totally humiliated." I slowly placed both hands on the ground
next to my thighs. "Are you ready slave? She asked. I nodded my head in silence,
as she forced my knees apart with her hands, exposing my freshly shaven cunt. As
everyone cheered and screamed, she add a weight to each nipple ring. She put a
leash on my collar and had me follow her around on my knees, giving everyone an
opportunity to pet me.

     Once Mistress was satisfied, she pushed me down on my back and ordered,
"Spread your cunt, whore." As I opened my legs, she pulled a vibrating egg out
of her pocket and forced it up my slit and taped my pussy shut with duct tape.
She had all the men in the party line-up in front of me, and drop their pants,
and that I was going to have to take care of them all. As I knelt before the
first guy, I felt a cock against my lips.  I opened my mouth to say no, but he
shoved his cock deep into my mouth before I could utter a word. It made me gag,
but I tried not to let him see that. He kept shoving it in and out, telling me
to "Suck on it!"  Afraid to do anything, I had no choice. Not wanting to admit
to myself that sucking a cock  was really turning me on!!!

     As I sucked his cock, an older man sat up and said, "She is ready, make her
kneel on all fours!" Mistress ordered me to kneel on my hands and knees. I felt
the older man rub his cock up against my ass and say, " Bitch, I'm going to fuck
your tight little ass!" All I could do was moan, because I had the other guy's
cock inside my mouth. He thrust into my ass harder than I'd ever had it done
before! Putting both hands on my ass he pulled his cock in and out, shoving  it
in deeper and deeper with every thrust.  It hurt, but at the same time, felt
fantastic!

     The faster he pumped, the faster I sucked the cock in my mouth. Being
fucked and sucking cock turned me on more than I cared to admit.  As the rhythm
got faster and faster I could hear them start to moan, and I knew they were
getting ready to cum. I sucked harder and harder, and he came in my mouth the
same time the other guy came in my ass.  I felt the pulse in his cock start to
beat faster and I knew he was close.  With one last thrust into my ass, I felt
his cum shoot deep into me and I sucked the cock in my mouth harder until I felt
him start to cum and stick his cock deep down my throat. I could feel his cum
sliding down my throat, and I swallowed every drop. Hearing my moans of
pleasure, the older man said,  "You love it, don't you cunt?!?"

     I nodded my head in agreement. "Now it's my turn!"  The next guy that was 
there with his cock in his hand. He shoved his cock deep into my mouth before I
could utter a word. As I sucked my second cock, a black man pushed his cock up
my ass. Quickly I felt the vibrator inside my pussy became alive. It took me
from mild to wild.

     We all seemed to be moving as one. I was never without a cock inside me. My
loud moans of pleasure & pain could be heard  throughout the room. The black guy
started pumping faster and faster and I sucked faster and faster.  The  guy kept
smacking me on the ass, but it felt good!!  After what seemed like hours, he
came first and shot his hot cum all over my ass! Then I sucked harder and harder
until I made the cock in my mouth cum.

     The next guy pushed me on my back as he shoved his cock into my mouth. As I
sucked my third cock, another cock was shoved up my ass. They pulled at my snow
white tits and hard little nipples as guy after guy pushed his cock into my
mouth to be sucked and guy after guy got between my legs and fucked my ass. On
top of everything else the vibrator inside my cunt was driving me crazy. Their
cum lubricated my tight ass and mouth, so each man got a nice warm juicy hole to
wildly fuck as they traded-off. I could feel the cum fill my ass and mouth. I
felt looser and sloppier with each guy. I could feel cum being forced out of my
mouth and ass, it seeped out and ran down my face and smeared between my legs
until I was a gooey, sticky, cum soaked mess as each guy's cock slipped in and
out of my mouth and ass. Finally it was over, as the last two guys grunted and
grimaced as they pumped their load inside my well fucked and cum draining ass
and mouth. I just lay on the floor, exhausted as Mistress Katrina laughed, and
removed the vibrator from my cunt and said, "Get up little sperm bank, clean
yourself up before we go home."

     When we got back, Mistress had me sit on the floor and explained, "I loved
watching all those men fuck your slutass and pussymouth.  Specially the way you
suck all those big hard cocks all at once letting every man cum in your mouth
and then taking dicks up your ass over and over.  Ive actually seen cum drip out
of your ass because its become like a donut with a big hole in the center. 
Those cums poured out of your open asshole like water out of a facet while you
had your ass in the air waiting for the next man to mount you. It was just that
so much cum poured out of your ass it shocked me and really turned me on.  I've
never seen a bitch drip so much cum.  I also like watching your well practiced
dicksucking ways, the way you like to lay on a bench with your head off the end
so a man can just walk up and stick his dick right in your mouth and fuck it
like a pussy, I admire the way you take cock all the ways to the root until
those balls are stuffed right up you nose.  To bad you can't breathe like that
or we could leave you with that dick shoved down you throat.  I know you'd like
having cock stuffed down you gagging you all the time.  So many men have fucked
you today your more soiled then a dirty cumrag passed around at a men's prison. 
I see cum dripping out of your mouth, your belly must be full of cum, cum on
your face, cum on your tits, cum on your pussy and cum on your ass, you
cumsoaked slut.  Your covered and dripping in men's cum, which I know you love. 
You love dick don't you?  Sucking dick, kissing the head, sucking on a big
flabby foreskin, licking a mans balls, sucking the whole sack in your mouth,
having a man bang your mouth, mouthfucking you, letting him cum in your mouth
and swallowing it.  You never spill any.  I think you look prettiest when your
on your knees before a man and have his big dick in your mouth and your drinking
his cum.  I love the way you squeeze out every last drop, milking it. Milk those
dicks, you cumslut.  I know you wish you could live on cumjuice."

     She tossed me a large dildo and commanded me to suck on it as she began to
message her pussy. As I was sucking the dildo her body began to shake and
quiver, it became obvious that Mistress Katrina was having an incredibly intense
orgasm right here in front of my eyes. As she came, she moaned loudly, "Oh Kim,
you little cunt, I'm so damn hot." With that she screamed in my ear, " I want
you to cum right now, I want to watch while you cum all over yourself right now,
my little whore." My body began to shake and quiver as I started to cum.
Mistress forced my head down pulled my ass up in the air. "Now fuck you ass
bitch." She ordered. I pulled the dildo out of my mouth and shoved it  into my
well-fucked ass. "Faster bitch, fuck your ass faster my little prostitute."
Mistress yelled. As I increased the speed, I could feel Mistress's fingers on my
cunt. Suddenly I felt a strong pain in my pussy as I screamed in pain I saw she
pierced my both cunt lips and installed a  big plastic ring on my labia. "I
think you look much nicer my dear."

     By the time I got home, it was two in the morning, and Mistress Vicki was
sleep. I was so used up and sore, that I didn't bother to take a shower. I just
fell in my bed and went to sleep, so I could be up early to go to work. I woke
up around six o'clock and jumped into the shower. When I was done I went to my
room to put some dress on. I was approach by Mistress Vicki. "Well did you enjoy
your rejuvenation?" She asked. "Yes Mistress." I answered.

     She opened the closet door and said, "Find the skimpiest skirt that you
have." I searched through my cloths and found a black mini skirt. I showed it to
her, in order to get her approval, but she shook her head and said, "No my dear,
that is not skimpy enough." She pushed me out of the way and searched my closet
for a few minutes and pulled out a plastic covered coat hanger. She took the
plastic off and gave me the outfit. It was my old cheerleaders outfit from when
I was in highschool. "Oh please Mistress don't make me wear this. It's too
small" I cried. "None sense you little whore. Put it on. No panties or bra. Come
to the kitchen, when you done dressing." She barked. 

      The sweater was at least 3 size too small. It barley covered my nipples.
At least and inch of my tits were visible. The skirt was  much shorter than my
normal mini skirts.  As I struggled to pull the tight skirt over my curvaceous
hips, I realized that it barley covered my ass cheeks. As I bend over to slipped
my feet into the black five inch pumps, the skirt riding up on my thighs,
exposing an inch of my ass cheeks.

     Once in the kitchen Vicki had me squat down on the kitchen counter. She
rose one of my legs to get my cunt exposed, and used the scissors to cut the
plastic ring off  my labia. As I yelled in pain, she attached a gold ring to my
labia's lips and clipped a small silver bell to the ring. I saw some writings on
the bell. When I looked closer, it read Mistress Vicki's Property. When she was
done she ordered me to get my ass off the counter and go to work. As I walked
the bell dangled against my cunt and jingled.

     There was no way I could go to work dress like that. I begged her to let me
change my clothes. She ignored my plead and walked into the garage. I followed
her into the garage crying and begging her to at least let me put some bra and
panties on. She looked at me in silence and smiled, and said, "All right I'll
give you a choice between a bra or panties. But it's gonna cost you." "Panties
please." She opened her purse and gave me a small bag. As I opened the bag I
found a pair of skimpiest panties I had ever seen in my life. It was a white
G-string and it barley covered my slit. Quickly I put it on. It almost covered
my slit as I jumped into the car.

     On the way to work she stopped at a local tattoo shop. Once we were inside
she ordered "Get your cunt out and sit on the tattooing chair." "But why?" I
asked. She smiles and said, "This is how you will pay for your panties." While
she was talking to the shop operator, I pulled my panties down and sat on the
chair as tears rolled down my face. After they finished talking the old man came
over and said, "Lean back, Spread your legs"  I slid my ass to the front of the
chair, spreading my tan thighs, exposing my bald pussy to him. I closed my eyes
and tried to block out the horror that had become my life. "Open your eyes.
"Vicki growled.  "Watch the old man tattoo your cunt." As I watched the old man
preparing his tattooing gun, Vicki pulled my sweater up, exposed my tits. " Play
with your tits bitch." She ordered. As I stroked my tits the old man began
tattooing the top my slit.

     After about an hour or so, he finished his work and toweled my cunt clean
and said, "Okay Mistress, your little prostitute is done." When I looked at my
poor pussy I could read the word KIM tattooed an inch above my clitoris. While
driving to work I remembered that I have  forgotten to pickup my panties. I left
them there at the shop. When we arrived to her office, she closed the door and
had me standing next to her table to finish a three page slave contract. "Here,
read and sign this." She said. "No." I Cried, tears welling up in my beautiful
blue eyes. "You can't do this to me."

     "You'll do it and like it or you will be beaten right across your red
swollen cuntlips with a wire hanger.  I'll won't spare your clit either.  I'll
pull your legs over your head exposing your fat bottom and whip that fat pussy
good.  I'll give you a lot of whacks you won't soon forget on your bare pussy
till it looks like you sat on a waffle iron, you disobedient driphole.  If that
doesn't do the trick , I'll punish your nipples with a pair of pliers.  I don't
want to have to twist your nipples off. You just keep forgetting I can do
anything I please. You are my prostitute." Vicki replied calmly.

      When I was finished with the contract, Mistress Vicki looked at me as she
slapped my ass  harshly and said, "All right whore, from now on I will use you
as I see fit and you will do exactly as I say or I will throw you out like a
pair of worn soiled panties."

     My head hung low as I walked out of Mistress Vicki's office.  It was
uncomfortable to walk all that way past the secretary, feeling the older woman's
icy stare on my well-exposed posterior as I walked by in my, all too skimpy
outfit. Whispers of "Slut,  Whore" and a host of other names echoed in my ears
all the way back down to my cubicle.  The roomful of girls glared at me as I
walked in.

      Stephanie Hughes was waiting for me and grinned wickedly at the getup
Mistress Vicki had put me in. "AHHH!" I shrieked as Stephanie brought her hand
down cruelly onto my merely covered ass, to silence me before I could even
respond. I shrieked again as a second vicious slap assaulted my ass cheeks. 
"Now put your hands on the table, spread your legs and stick your ass out  Ms.
Taylor. You're already 40 minutes late." Ms. Hughes commanded.  I tried to pull
away, but she barked, "Do it now, bitch.  You'll have to be spanked until your
worthless ass cheeks are red, you good for nothing cunt whore."   I wiggled
awkwardly and complied. as I heard the bell ring between my legs.

     The cool air of the office room chilled my damp, swollen, pouting inner
pussy lips. I could feel them part slightly as she pulled my skirt up and the
third vicious slap assaulted my ass. "Form a line on each side of Ms. Taylor
girls." Spoke Ms. Hughes. "Now each of you may swat her as you walk by." She
added. I bit down hard as the first few girls slapped my naked ass. I was
determined not to scream. The hands burned my creamy round cheeks like fire. My
nipples hardened again and the burning pain of slaps changed to a warm glow that
perversely pleasurable.

     I blushed as I felt a finger toying with my cunt and anus. Ms.. Hughes
pulled my sweater up and over my head, exposing my tits. She pinched my nipples
& slapped my dangling tits.  I  heard the bell ring between my legs and could
feel my pussy begin to drool down to my thighs as the girls laid slap after slap
on my red jiggling bottom. The harder girls slapped, the rapidly my cunt
drooled. I felt  sloppier with each slap. I could feel my cunt-juice being
forced out of my pussy, it seeped out and ran down my legs until I was a gooey,
sticky, cum soaked mess.  At that point I realized that Mistress Vicki has
broken my will, and transformed me into a Complete Sluttish Slavish Whorish
Bondage Pain Slut Bitch. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  anonymouse


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





