BDSM Library - Hired Help




Hired Help
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She was hired as a maid for her master and paid very high salary. Later she found out that her tasks were not just housekeeping.
HIRED HELP




HIRED HELP

Chapter 1

     "So, Miss Brooks, why are you applying for this job?"
     Jennifer looked down at her hands when she replied.  "Mister
Hane... I think that I would be very good at this job."
    He stared at her, and Jennifer met his gaze for a moment. before
looking away again.  "Did you understand all of the requirements that
I have for this position?"
    Jennifer fidgeted with the sleeve on her blouse.  "I think so. 
You are looking for a maid to work in your household.  To cook and
clean and that sort of thing."
     There was a short silence.  "Is that it?"
     Jennifer swallowed hard.  "W... what do you mean?"
     Mister Hane sighed.  "If you had not figured that out from my
letter, I think that we should end this interview now."
     "No!  Please!"  Jennifer said, raising her voice for the first
time.  "I really need this job!  It's the only one with a decent
enough salary..."
     "So it's just the money you want."
     Jennifer's chin quivered as she spoke.  "What else do you want
from me?" she said, looking him in the eye.  "Does it have something
to do with that little notecard you put in the envelope?"  She saw
him nod slightly.  "I really haven't been out on my own very long. 
If you could just explain it to me, maybe I could understand it."
     Mister Hane sat in thought.  He slid his chair back away from
the desk and stood up.  "You've put me into an uncomfortable
situation," he said.
     "Please, Richard," she said, using his first name, "give me a
chance."
     Richard Hane looked her over closely.  She was a young woman,
probably no more than twenty one years of age.  She had medium length
curly brown hair that framed a soft, round face.  Two green eyes
looked out from it, meeting his eyes briefly before darting away. 
She wore a pretty pink stitched white blouse with a light brown
skirt.  Her matching shoes had inch long square heels, and her feet
were twitching, nervously.
     "If you are indeed serious about this..."
     "I am!" she said.
     "I should tell you that there is a reason for the high salary
that I am offering.  I am looking for something more than just a
housekeeper.  I am looking for someone to do more... personal
services."
     "What?" Jennifer said, confused.  "What kind of personal
services?"  After a few seconds, another thought crossed her mind. 
"I'm not a hooker!" she said.
     "I never accused you of that," he said, as he walked over to
her.  "If I allowed you to take the job, when could you start?"
     "Right away!" she said.
     A slight smile came across his face.  "What if I said that I
would like you to start immediately.  Right now."
     She looked up at him.  "But my things are still at my
apartment..."  Richard did not say anything.  "I... guess that I
don't really have much there, come to think about it.  Except my
clothes..."
     "That will be taken care of."  Richard gestured for her to get
up.  "I have a contract ready for you to sign."
     "A contract?" she said, as she stood up.  A smile was forming on
her face.  "You're going to give me the job?"
     "If you want it, after I explain a few things."  He went over to
his desk and took out several papers from a drawer.  "You can read
the contract first, of course, before signing anything."
     Jennifer started to read, then shook her head.  "This is
gibberish.  It looks like a lawyer wrote it.  Can you just explain it
to me?"
     "Certainly.  Pages one and two describe the length and terms of
service, and the compensation.  In essence, the length of time is one
year.  The payment is $150,000, payable in full at the end of the
time.  During this time, all of your expenses will be covered and
room and board will be provided.  Should you choose to break the
contract, the payment will be greatly diminished, only $2000 per
month worked.  However, should I dismiss you early, without you
breaking any of the conditions of the contract, you are entitled
$12,500 per month worked.  Oh, this position is considered to be a
salaried position."
     "One hundred fifty..." she said in a low voice.
     "Pages three and four describe the duties that are to be
expected of you.  Failure to perform these duties is grounds for your
dismissal, with the lower compensation being given to you."
     "What are the duties?" Jennifer asked.
     "They include all of the typical duties of a housekeeper. 
Cooking, cleaning, making the beds, and the like.  You will be
considered to be on duty 24 hours a day, seven days a week, though of
course you will be given time to yourself.  Additionally, there is a
dress code associated with this position, and the uniforms will be
provided."
     "Dress code?  That doesn't sound like a big deal.  Where do I
sign?"
     "Right here," he said, handing her a pen.
     She signed the four sheets of paper without reading any more of
it.  "I will make copies of this for both of us," he said, as he put
the papers back into his desk.  "Let me show you to your room."
     There was a stairway up to the second floor, but Richard led her
to a doorway that was on the first floor.  As he followed him, he had
a chance to examine his walking profile.  He seemed to be in good
physical shape, and she decided that he had a very cute butt.  "This
will be your room," he said.  "Your first assignment is inside.  You
will find a tape measure and a sheet of paper.  Please measure
yourself as indicated on the sheet, so that we can have your uniforms
made up.  After that, you can have the rest of the day off to
yourself.  Just report back here first thing tomorrow morning.  Oh,"
he said, opening up another drawer of his desk.  "Here is a five
hundred dollar advance on your salary."
     Jennifer took the offered money, with a bit of disbelief in her
eyes.  "Really?" she said.
     "Really," he replied.  "Just be back here at nine o'clock in the
morning."

     Jennifer looked at the outfit on the bed in disbelief.  "This is
a dress code?" she said aloud.
     Richard had left her alone in her bedroom to prepare for the
day.  Jennifer picked up the first item and examined it.  It was a
pair of black patent shoe with a black stiletto heel that were easily
five inches long.  The other one was still on the bed.  There were
two straps on it, one an ankle strap and the other was a mid strap. 
Both had small buckles on them.
     A pair of fishnet pantyhose was also there.  She walked around
the bed, and picked up the last item.
    It was a one piece french maid uniform.  It was made of a shiny
black vinyl material, and still had a strong plastic smell.  The
sleeves were long, and the skirt had a very full crinoline sewn right
into it.
     Jennifer thought about walking out right then, and confronting
Mr Hane.  But then she remembered the five hundred dollars that she
had just spent last night.
     "Oh, god, what if I had to give it back?" she whispered aloud. 
She did some mental math and mumbled as she did it.  "If I leave, I
get $2000 a month.  That's about $500 a week.  So I just have to do
this for a week, and then I can get out of here."
     With a sigh, she took her clothes off.  First, the fishnet
stockings.  The feeling was a bit odd as she slipped them on.  She
couldn't remember ever having worn fishnets before.
     Next, she unzipped the vinyl maids outfit and put it on.  It fit
rather tightly around the waist.  She had some trouble zipping it up.
     Last, she sat down as she put on the shoes and buckled the
straps.  As she stood up, she had to grab ahold of the bedpost to
balance herself.  "God, how am I going to walk in these things?"
     As she walked over to the door, she saw herself in the full
length mirror that was attached to the back of the door.  The dress
was form fitting around the waist, and the skirt was extremely full. 
But it barely came down low enough to hide her privates.  In front,
it was cut so low that it barely covered her nipples.  "If I bend
over, everyone's going to see me!" she said.  She saw her own ankles
wobble as she tried to balance in the heels.
     Slowly, she opened the door and stepped outside of her room. 
She heard the sound of a voice from the kitchen, so she slowly walked
towards it, making sure to stay near a wall.
     Richard was there, talking on the phone.  When he saw Jennifer
enter, he ended his conversation and hung up.  "That will do," he
said, walking over to her.
     Jennifer's face was flushed with embarassment as she stood
there.  "What should I do?" she said to fill the silence.
     She was almost expecting him to fondle her, or say something
lewd.  "I'm in the mood for a late breakfast," he said.  "Ham and
cheese omlet with just a few onions.  You should find everything in
the refrigerator, and the cookware is in the cabinets below the
microwave."
     She was surprised by this.  But then again, she didn't know what
to expect.  "Mister Hane?" she asked as she slowly walked toward the
refrigerator.  "Why do you have a dress code... like this?"
     He smiled a bit at this, and looked at the ceiling as he thought
of a reply.  "Well, I'm a rich man.  I know what I like to see.  And,
to be quite honest, I like the way that you look when wearing that."
     She opened up the refrigerator and started to hunt for
ingredients.  There was the butter, the eggs, the cheese..."Am I
going to have to dress up like this every day?" she asked.
     "No, definitely not," he said, and she let out a sigh of relief.
 "This is just what we could get on short notice.  More will be
arriving."
     More? she thought.  More what?  Her mind took a different turn
as she remembered him calling himself a 'rich man'.  "Are you
married?" she asked as she closed the refrigerator door.
     "Actually, no," he said.  "I haven't met the right person yet."

****

     She slowly walked back into her room and closed the door behind
her.  "My feet are killing me," she said.  She tried to kick them
off, but was reminded of the fact that there were straps keeping them
in place.
     Jennifer sat down on the bed and unbuckled her shoes.  She
sighed in relief as she threw the shoes across the room.  Her hands
massaged her feet and ankles for several minutes.
     She took some time to survey the room.  She had not paid much
attention to her room before, as she had had other things on her
mind.  There was a stereo system, a television, a huge dresser, and
the king sized bed that she was now sitting on.  As she fumbled with
the zipper at the back of her outfit, she noticed that there was a
door ajar that led to a private bathroom.
     She slid her hot sweaty body out of the vinyl maids outfit and
took off the fishnets.  "A bath!" she said, and raced in the nude to
the bathroom.
     All of the fixings for a long bath were there, which included a
huge whirlpool bathtub.  After filling the tub, she slid in and let
the swirling hot water take the tension out of her body.
     She thought back to her day.  Richard was with her most of the
day, showing her the house as he had her do chores.  It was just
cleaning, dusting, cooking, and the like.  Every time that she bent
over, she could feel his eyes on her buttocks.  But he never said
anything about it, and he never touched her once.
     She had to conclude that Richard was an attractive man.  He was
a touch over six feet tall, with dark brown eyes and a full set of
hair.  From what she could gather of his phone conversations, she
concluded that he was some kind of investor, making his money by
moving stocks and bonds around.
     As she relaxed, she thought about her own situation.  She was in
the house of a rich perverted vouyer, walking around in an
embarassing outfit for his eyes only.  Rich single perverted vouyer,
she reminded herself.  He should be able to afford more servants, she
thought, but she had not seen anyone else in the huge house.  There
must be at least thirty rooms, she thought.
     Then there was the money.  She had been out on her own for
almost six months, but had lost her job a couple of months ago.  With
unpaid bills everywhere, she was about to lose her apartment.  Then,
the only place she could have gone is back to her mother's house.
     No!  I'm not going back to live with that witch! she said.  She
realized that she wouldn't have to move back, if she stayed here. 
This was a live in position, and she had used the advance to pay some
of her back rent.  The woman at the desk had given her another month
to come up with the rest.
     Wouldn't it be nice to move everything in here? a part of her
thought.  I wouldn't have to pay any rent, there would a big check at
the end, and I would work for cute boss!  Then she looked out into
the bedroom and saw the shoes on the floor and the black vinyl maid's
outfit on the bed.
     "Let's make a decision after a week," she said out loud.

     When she got out of the bathtub, she could not find her street
clothes anywhere.  Out of habit, she put away the maid's outfit and
shoes in the huge but empty walk-in closet before going to bed.

     She awoke to the sound of a knock at the door.
     "Who is it?" she said loudly.
     "It's nine thirty," came Richard's voice from the other side of
the door.  "You should have been out here a half of an hour ago."
     Hurriedly, she left the bed and went to the door.  Then she
realized that she was completely naked.  With a moment of hesitation,
she turned and went to the closet.  "I'll be out in a minute!"
     The fishnets, black vinyl maid's outfit, and five inch spiked
shoes were on in a couple of minutes.  When she emerged from the
room, still wobbly on her heels, she saw Richard waiting for her just
outside her doorway.
     "Late the second day on the job," he said.  "We'll have to do
something about that."
     I can't lose this job yet! she thought to herself.  Is he going
to fire me?
     Richard shook his head and said nothing more of it.  "Move along
and get breakfast started," he said.  "I'll be there soon."
     She saw Richard pick up a large cardboard box and walk into her
room.  She was about to ask him about it, then thought better of it
and headed for the kitchen, still unsure in the high stiletto heels.
     As she cooked, she thought that she heard the sound of power
tools.  She had finished breakfast for two and was still waiting for
him.  She was hungry, so she sat down and started to nibble on her
toast.
     Richard walked in and stopped at the entrance to the kitchen. 
"I see that you're sitting down on the job," he said.
     Jennifer quickly jumped to her feet, and had to grab the table
for support.  "I'm sorry, I didn't mean..."
     "That can be remedied," he said.  She looked at him, but he
offered no explanation.  He sat down next to her and started to eat. 
"If there were guests, you would be expected to serve us and then eat
privately later.  But as there are no guests, we can be informal
here."  Somewhat calmed, she sat back down.
     Breakfast went quickly as both of them wolfed down their food. 
"As you might have guessed yesterday, your uniform is incomplete --
something of a stopgap.  I apologize for this.  Your first complete
uniform is now here.  If we could go to your room?"
     "I guess so," she said, with less than full enthusiasm.  If this
was a stopgap, what is the real thing going to be like?  As she
walked beside him, she suddenly lost her balance on her heels. 
Almost instantly, Richard grabbed ahold of her by the arm and waist
and steadied her.
     "Are you all right?" he said, releasing her.
     "I'm fine," she replied.  Between the slip and his touch, there
was a wash of energy going through her.  She wasn't sure what to make
of it.
     "Out of curiosity," she asked as they entered her room, "where
are the clothes that I wore here?"
     "In storage," he replied.  "I don't think that you'll be needing
them anytime soon."
     She saw that there had been changes to the room.  There was a
similar yet subtly different outfit laid out for her on the bed.  And
on one of the walls to the room, there was now a solid block of metal
attached to it.  From it emerged a long metal chain with a keyring
attached to the end of it.  There were a dozen or so keys on the
keyring.
     "I will leave you alone to dress after I have explained it," he
said.  "The stockings are essentially the same.  The shoes, however,
are slightly different," he said as he picked up one of the two
shoes.  It was also a black patent leather shoe with, if anything, a
higher heel than the ones that she was wearing.  There were two
straps, one of which ended with a D-ring, but no buckles.  "If you
would sit down?"
     She sat down, and allowed him to take off her shoes.  She
noticed that on the bed there were several small padlocks, as well as
a black satin object with lacing that took her a moment to recognize.
 A corset?
     Jennifer flushed suddenly as she realized that Richard had a
clear view of her crotch.  He did not comment, and put one of the
shoes on her.
     "These straps work like so," he said demonstrating them.  He
wrapped them around her ankles, then around the middle of the foot. 
He joined the two straps right in front of the heel underneath the
shoe.  "and this ring goes through this slot," he said.
     "But won't they just slip off?" she asked.
     Richard reached up and took one of the small padlocks.  He put
it through the ring and snapped it closed.  "It won't come off until
it's unlocked," he said.
     "Why?" she asked.
     Richard took the other shoe and put it on her foot.  "Because I
like my hired help to be in uniform, at all times while on duty," he
said.  "And in the contract, it states that you are to be in uniform
at all times that you are outside of your quarters here."
     She wanted to voice an objection, but couldn't seem to get it
out.  As he locked the second one on her foot, she asked, "Where is
the key?"
     "Right over there," he said, pointing to the keyring on the
chain.  "When you are through with your duties, you can take them off
at your leisure."
     "I see," was all that she could say.  He picked up the corset
and another maid's outfit.  This one was also constructed of shiny
black PVC with long sleeves and a very full red crinoline was sewn
into it.  But the outfit continued all the way up to the neck.  The
zipper was in the back, like the one she wore now, with a large loop
pull on the zipper.  At the top of the outfit, in back, there was a
metal ring sewn into the fabric next to the zipper.
     "You should put on the corset first," he said, "and snug it up. 
Then, when you put on the maid's outfit, use one of the padlocks to
connect the zipper to the metal ring."
     So I can't unzip it, she finished mentally.  "Is the key also
there?" she said, pointing to the keyring.
     He nodded.  "I'll leave you now to change," he said, and left
her there.
     She stood up, and was even more wobbly than before.  "These are
even *higher*," she said aloud.
     She had never worn a corset before.  This one had front busks
and back lacing.  It had built in support for the lower half of each
breast, and extended down well past her bellybutton.
     With some struggling, she managed to get the front busks closed.
 She remembered that the back laces were for tightening it.  She
hoped that she didn't have to use that.  Jennifer unzipped the maid's
outfit, stepped into it, and tried to zip it up.
     The zipper barely moved.  Jennifer saw that the only way she
could get the shiny black maid's outfit on was to lose at least three
inches of waistline.
     Jennifer struggled with the pullers on the corset for a good ten
minutes.  She pulled herself to what she thought was very tight, only
to have the zipper on the maid's outfit jam.  Frustrated, she tried
it again.
     This happened six times, and she nearly came to the point of
tears.  There was a knock on the door.  "How are you doing?" came
Richard's voice.
     "I can't get this thing on!" she said.
     "Would you like some help?" he said.
     "Yes!" she said, before thinking about it.  As Richard opened
the door, it was too late for her to change her mind.
     "What seems to be the problem?" he asked.
     "I can't get this tight enough," she said as she waved the
corset string  in front of her.
     "Let's see what we can do about that," he said.  "Turn around
and grab ahold of one of the bedposts, please?  And keep ahold of the
strings, if you would."  She complied, and felt him tightening the
strings all along the top and the bottom of the corset.  Then, with a
strong pull, she felt her waist constricting."
     Jennifer struggled to breath against the corset, but it was only
with difficulty that she could seem to get enough air.  "Let's try it
now," he said.
     He pulled the black maid's outfit up on her and she put her arms
into it.  It was a tight fit, but he managed to get the zipper all
the way up.
     "And the lock," he said, taking a padlock and locking the zipper
in place.
     Jennifer looked at herself in the mirror.  She saw a woman with
flushed red cheeks, but what caught her eye was the figure.  Her
breasts were much more prominent than they ever had been before,
which was accentuated by the narrow waist that she now had.
     Wow, do I look sexy! she thought with surprise.
     
****

     It was lunchtime, and the two of them sat down to eat.  Jennifer
had prepared potato salad and sandwiches.  Jennifer found herself
being full in spite of the lack of breakfast.  It must be the corset,
she thought to herself.
     "Mister Hane," she said.
     "You can call me Richard," he said with a smile.
     "Richard," she said back, also smiling.  "I was wondering when I
would be able to get all of my stuff out of my apartment?" she asked.
     "Tonight, if you would like," Richard said.  "You should be able
to after supper tonight."

     Jennifer finished up the last of the dishes.  "I'd like to go
get my things," she said, as she headed towards her room.
     "Where are you going?" he asked.
     "I was going to change..." she said, her voice trailing off. 
She stopped and looked back.  "Could I have my clothes back?"
     Richard slowly shook his head.  "It clearly states in the
contract that you are to be in uniform at all times except when you
are in your room here," he said.  "I'm afraid that I cannot make an
exception."
     "I'm supposed to go out like this?!" she exclaimed.
     "You don't have to go out at all," he said.  "That's your
choice.  But the rules are the rules."
     "Let me see that contract!" she exclaimed.
     "Certainly," he replied.  The two of them walked to his study,
and Richard took the contract papers out of his desk.  "Right here,"
he said.
     With horror, she saw that he was right.  Additionally, she saw
in the paragraph above that the definition of uniform was essentially
whatever kinky outfit that he chose to provide to her on a given day.
     What have I got myself into? Jennifer wondered.

     Jennifer did not quit.  Instead, she waited until nearly
midnight before leaving for her apartment.  When she had asked for
her keys, Richard has calmly complied.
     Trying to walk on the sidewalk at night in nearly six inch heels
was not easy.  And when she got to her car, the rigid corset
prevented her from bending her waist and she nearly banged her head
on the doorway of the car trying to get in.
     With the heels, she had trouble using the pedals of her stick
shift car as she pulled out of Mr. Hane's driveway.
     Once she was on her way, it became easier.  She saw a parked
police vehicle on the side of the road, and quickly looked at her
speedometer.
     "Six over," she said.  "Aaah!  And I don't have a license on
me!"
     She clutched the wheel in terror and brought her car back to the
speed limit.  In her rear view mirror, she saw the police car pull
out and start to follow her.
     "Please don't pull me over," she whispered.  She could just
imagine what the story in the paper the next day would be like if she
was brought in looking like this.
     It was twenty minutes of terror as she made her way to her
apartment.  The police car followed her all the way to the parking
lot of her apartment, but did not turn on his lights.
     Jennifer parked her car and waited.  The police car did a circle
around the parking lot, but then exited and drove off.
     Whew!  There was no one else around, so she left the car with
her keys in her hand and headed for her apartment.
     She was on the second floor, and she found out that climbing
stairs in the shoes was not easy.  She fumbled nervously with the
keys as she tried to open her door while also keeping a lookout for
any late night travellers.
     She entered and closed the door behind her.  A flip of the light
switch revealed a rather bare one bedroom apartment.  For living room
furniture, a single ratty recliner faced a small beat-up television. 
There was a smell from the kitchen that she knew was from dirty
dishes left unwashed.
     She headed to her bedroom, and went to the closet.  "What to
bring, what to bring..."  She saw that there were very few clean
clothes in the closet.  Most of them were dirty and in the hamper or
on the floor.
     She took one of the few clean blouses, a skirt and a pair of
pants.  Then she walked over to her dresser and selected some
underwear and a nightgown.
     Her feet were really starting to kill her.  She sat down on her
unmade bed and tried to massage her feet.  But with the corset on,
she couldn't quite reach her feet.  With a sigh, she laid down on the
bed and rested for a minute.  It felt so good to lay down and get the
weight off her feet...

     Jennifer woke up to the warm feeling of sunlight on her face. 
It took her a moment to understand the significance of it.
     "Oh, god!  What time is it?"  Her bedroom clock showed that it
was five minutes to ten.
     She couldn't go outside like this in daylight!  Jennifer rolled
over and picked up the phone.  It was very awkward to do that in the
corset.  She needed to call Richard Hane and tell him that she
couldn't come in today.
     The silence of a dead phone greeted her ear.  She realized that
she had not sent any money to the phone company in several months. 
There was no way that she could call Richard and explain what had
happened.
     Panic and indecision gripped her.  If she headed back now, she
would be late.  He might fire her, and then she would be up a creek
without a paddle.
     But if she stayed here, with no explanation, she would be fired
for sure.  She'd be left with no income source and a pathetic little
apartment.
     With unwilling resolve, she got out of bed and took a few
seconds to readjust to walking in the locked-on stiletto heels.  She
dumped out a clothesbasket full of dirty clothes and put last night's
selections and her keys into the basket.  Jennifer went over to her
door and cracked it open, looking and listening for anyone in the
hallway.
     No one was around.  With difficulty, she opened the door and
walked outside.
     She had to take the stairs down very slowly.  With each
tentative step, she grew more and more worried that someone might see
her.
     Finally, the first floor.  Now, if there was no one in the
parking lot...
     The sound of a door opening up behind her sent her heart
pounding.  Her breath quickened and her chest fought against the
confines of the corset.  Making a quick decision, she walked forward
and tried to ignore it.
     She could not see where she was walking, and she felt one of her
shoes land on something slippery.  With limbs flailing and clothes
scattering, she fell forward.  She landed with her rear in the air,
exposing all to whomever was behind her.
     She struggled to right herself.  "Let me help you up!" came the
voice of a familiar male voice.
     God no!  Don't let him see me like this!  She turned and looked
up into the familiar face of  Eric Kaller.  He was only a couple of
years older than she was, and lived on the first floor.  They had
gone out on a few dates, and she kind of liked him.
     There was a look of shocked recognition on his face. 
"Jennifer?" he said.  "What the... why...?"
     She could feel a hot flush on her face.  "Help me up, please?"
she asked.
     He took her hands and helped to her feet.  She was surprised to
find out that she was actually taller than him in these shoes.
     "What are you doing dressed up like that?!" he asked, loudly. 
"It's May.  A little early for Halloween, isn't it?"
     "It's a long story," she said, lamely.  She tried to bend over
to pick up one of her nightgowns, but couldn't manage it in the
corset and heels.  She nearly fell over again in the process.
     "Let me help," Eric said eagerly.  He bent over and quickly
threw her things into the clothes basket.  She noticed that he had
missed her keys.  "Could you hand me my keys?" she asked.
     Eric fetched her keys with alacrity.  She heard the sound of
another door opening up.  "What's all the commotion out here?" came a
female voice.  Jennifer turned her head, and saw yet another familiar
face.  "My god!" said the older woman.
     Jennifer lost her composure and panicked.  As Eric was picking
up her clothes basket, she ran for the door.  Incredibly, she did not
fall while doing this.  She pushed the door open and headed for her
car as quickly as her spiked heel shoes would allow.
     There must have been a dozen people in the parking lot that
witnessed her.  As she ran, the skirt of her shiny maid's outfit
bounced up and down, revealing her crotch and buttocks to all that
cared to see.
     She nearly fell over trying to stop.  Her keys were still in her
hands, and she managed to shove one of them into the lock and open up
the door.  She banged her head getting into the car, but shook it off
in a moment.
     She saw Eric running towards her, with her basket.  "Your
stuff!" he said.  But she didn't wait for him.  Jennifer jammed the
key into the ignition and almost ran him over on her way out of the
parking lot.
     She was panting furiously as she drove out of the parking lot. 
The combination of strenuous activity with the corset was almost too
much for her.  For a long moment, her head started to swim, and a
part of her wondered if she was going to pass out and get into an
accident.
     Fortunately, she did not.  She calmed down, and in less than a
half of an hour, she was back at the Hane household.
     I've never been so embarassed in my life!  she thought to
herself.  I can't go back there!




HIRED HELP

Chapter 2

     "This is only your second full day of work, and already you have
been late twice.  Do you have any explanation?" Richard asked while
he stared at her intently.
     Jennifer looked at the floor.  "Well, I was trying to get some
of my stuff, but I got there so late.  I just wanted to rest for a
minute... and I fell asleep."
     "What am I going to do with you?" he asked.  "You know that this
is grounds for dismissal."
     Dismissal.  I would have no money, no apartment.  I couldn't go
back there even if I had money.  That means living with mother.
     "NO!  Please, don't fire me!"
     "I don't think that you're taking this job very seriously," he
said.  "You are being paid a premium wage for your services.  At
least you should be able to do your job in a professional manner."
     "I do take this job seriously!  Please, don't fire me!  I'll do
anything!" she said.
     "There is an alternative to dismissal," he said.
     "Anything," she said.
     Richard thought for a long moment, composing his words.  "I
could let this go with disciplinary action.  You will be punished for
your tardiness."
     "Punished?" she asked.
     "Would you prefer to leave?" he asked.  Jennifer swallowed hard,
then shook her head.  "Wait here," he said.
     She stood and waited as he left his den.  She steadied herself
by leaning on the desk and taking some of the weight off of her
shoes.
     I wonder how ripe I am?  I have been sweating in this outfit for
over a day now!
     Within a few minutes, he returned with a large bundle of rope
and something that looked like a rubber ball with a strap going
through it.  He put it all down on his desk and pulled a chair from
the edge of the room to the center of the room.  "Come over here," he
said.
     Slowly, she complied.  "Stand behind the chair, and bend over,"
he said.  The back of the chair came nearly up to her crotch.  She
was able to do it, but it was very uncomfortable in the corset to do
it.
     He took the rope and tied her hands to the front legs of the
chair.  He pulled the rope tight first and bent her over even
further, and she had to gasp for breath.
     Next, he tied her ankles to the back legs of the chair.  She was
now stretched out and bent over like she was trying to touch her
toes.  "I don't like this," she said.
     "This is a punishment.  You are not supposed to like it," he
said.  "And you're not supposed to talk while you're being punished. 
Now, open wide," he commanded.
     Jennifer hesitated for a moment, then did so.  He put the rubber
ball into her mouth and put the straps around the back of her head. 
She felt him pull the straps tight and buckle them together.
     "Mmmm!  Nnng!  Mmmmnm!" was all that she was able to say.  She
found herself struggling for breath and very uncomfortable.  She
struggled against the ropes, but could not budge them an inch.  She
bit against the gag.  The ball yielded slightly, but she could not
get it out. 
     She heard him walk behind her.  Jennifer tried to crane her neck
around and see what he was doing, but the shiny black vinyl of the
still very wide skirt kept her from seeing anything.  Somehow, she
could almost feel his eyes looking at her exposed butt.
     "That should make a good view," he said.  He went to his desk
and sat down, still behind Jennifer.  She heard the shuffle of
papers, then heard him pick up the phone and dial.
     How long is this going to last? she wondered.

     Her stomach was grumbling with hunger and her muscles were
aching from the position.  "All right," Richard said.  "I think
you've learned your lesson."  First, he took out the ball gag, and
Jennifer's jaw muscles were immediately grateful.  Then he untied her
legs from the chair.  She kicked her legs up in the air for a moment
to try to get some circulation back in her feet, even though this put
most of her weight on her crotch area.
     The arms were last.  Richard helped her get back to her feet. 
"Oh, am I sore!" she said.
     "I'm sure that you will get over it.  There is leftover chinese
take out  in the refrigerator for you.  You can go to your room
whenever you're done.  And remember, don't be late tomorrow."
     "Um, Mister Hane?" she asked as she tried to stretch her legs. 
"How can I get up on time when there is no alarm clock in my room? 
There isn't even a window, for god's sake!"
     Richard tilted his head to one side.  "Hmmm... You have a point.
 I will wake you up tomorrow, then."
     Jennifer went to the kitchen and found the food that he had
mentioned.  She looked outside and saw that the sun had already set. 
"How long was I there?" she muttered to herself.  From the discomfort
in her bladder, she guessed that it had been quite a long time. 
After having a light supper, she relieved herself and made her way
back to her room.
     It took her a minute or so to use the keys on the keychain in
her room to unlock her black vinyl maid's outfit and her shoes. 
Getting out of the corset was a struggle.  It took her almost ten
minutes to loosen the laces enough to get out of it.  Afterwards, she
hung the outfit up in the closet before treating herself to a nice
long bath.  Jennifer noticed that her other maid's outfit and shoes
had disappeared from the room.
     This doesn't seem real, she thought.  Here I am, the strutting
around in that outfit for a rich man's amusement, and he doesn't even
feel me up!
     That thought rolled around for a while.  He hasn't felt me up! 
Jennifer started to feel vaguely insulted by this.  He went through
all the trouble of having me look like that, and then he doesn't even
touch me?!
     She dried herself off then went to the bedroom and turned on the
television.  As the mindless drivel of evening sitcoms passed by, she
thought about her employer.  He sure does seem to have a lot of self
control, she thought to herself.  I wonder how much?
     With this thought, and with the TV on, she fell asleep.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 3

     She woke up to the sound of a knock on her door.
     Jennifer stretched on the luxuriant king sized bed where she had
slept.  As she rolled out of bed, her last night's thoughts came back
to her.
     Well, if he isn't going to give me anything to sleep in, I guess
that I'll have to answer him in the nude, she thought mischeviously.
     She walked to the door and opened it wide open.  Richard was
standing there, already dressed for the day.  "Yes?" she said.
     He appeared to be startled, but only for a moment.  "Just the
wake-up call," he said.  "You should get dressed and start in on the
day.  There is no need to make breakfast for me, however.  I have
some errands to run, so I will be back later."
     She nodded and smiled.  He looked at her from toes to nose, and
smiled a faint smile.  Then he turned away and walked out of sight.
     Jennifer almost closed the door, but listened intently through
the crack.  When she heard the sound of the heavy front doors
closing, she opened her door and scampered naked through the house.
     "I can dress up later," she thought to herself.
     Jennifer took this time to explore the house on her own and
without the discomfort of the outfit.  She found two locked doors,
but the rest of the house was accessible to her.  The house was a
vast sprawling one and a half story mansion with a large in-ground
pool in the back yard.  If there was a basement, it was behind the
locked door.  His bedroom was probably behind the other one, Jennifer
inferred.  The decorations in the house seemed almost bare and
impersonal, except for his den.
    That room had his large oak desk with the cozy fireplace and
myriad of bookshelves.  There was a computer tucked away in a corner
cabinet that was hidden unless the cabinet doors were opened.  There
were several chairs for guests here, including the one that she had
been tied to yesterday.
     To her surprise, one of the desk drawers was unlocked.  She was
expecting to find her contract, but that was not there.  Instead,
there was a pile of financial papers that had some very large numbers
on them.
     She sat down on his chair and studied them.  Math and accounting
were not her strong points, but when she found the bottom lines, they
were easy to interpret.
     "God!  It looks like he's worth over fifty million.  Easy!" she
said aloud.  And there were references to other funds and holdings
owned by Richard.  As she dug deeper into the drawer, she found a
folded note in the back recess.

From: Lexington Personal Services.

 To: Richard Hane

     Although our resources are large, we regret to inform you that
we cannot find any candidates that meet your requirements in a
spouse.  If your requirements change in any way, feel free to contact
us with your new requirements.
     As always, your confidentiality is assured.

     Personal services? He's placing *personal* ads to try to find a
wife?  This baffled her.  Why would a good looking *loaded* man need
to be using personal ads?  Then a thought occurred to her.  He's
loaded.  He's single.  He's looking for a wife.
     And I'm here.
     The thought of being covered with jewels and fur coats appealed
to her.  Talk about never going back to mother!  And even if it
didn't work out in the long run, she knew from TV that divorcing a
rich man was oalmost always a profitable experience.
     She heard the sound of a car coming up the driveway.
     "Oh, shit!" she said as she jammed the papers back into the
drawer and closed it.  She raced back to her room and pulled on the
fishnets.
     I'll only have a chance to do that if I don't get fired!
     The black stiletto heels were put on next, then locked on.  Then
the corset busk.  Then the corset lacing...
     I wasn't able to get the corset on before without him, she
thought.  Damn, damn, damn...
     Wait a minute... If he left right away, how was I supposed to
get it on myself?
     She tugged the corset puller strings and tried to close the gap.
 Experimentally, she tied the strings and tried to put on the maid's
outfit.  It wouldn't go.
     Putting on her best little girl face, she walked out of her room
that way.  The black vinyl maid's outfit was on but unzipped, and the
corset was only partially tightened.

     "My apologies," he said as he pulled the black satin corset
tight.  She felt the constriction of her waist again, and it took her
a second for her breathing to adjust.  "I was negligent.  Even so,
you should not have left your quarters without being fully dressed." 
He tied the corset strings together.
     "I'm sorry," she said, with eyes downcast, and breath rapid.
     He zipped the shiny maid's outfit up to her neck, then locked it
in place.  "No harm done today.  I want the house in top shape today.
 I'm going to have a few guests over tonight."
     "Guests?" she asked as she turned around to face him.  The
thought of anyone else seeing her this way brought a red flush to her
face.  The encounters at her apartment still had her shaken.  "Are
they going to see me like this?" she asked.
     "A bit self-conscious, are we?" he asked.  She blushed and
looked down at the floor.  "You have nothing to be self-conscious
about, you know.  You have a very appealing body, especially when you
are dressed up.  But to answer your question, no.  They are not going
to see you like that.  And you won't have to prepare any food for
them, as I am having dinner catered."
     She let out a small sigh of relief.  It would have been a large
sigh if she would not have been wearing the corset.

     The morning ended shortly afterwards and turned into afternoon. 
Jennifer tried to made it a point to be cleaning whatever room he was
in.  When she walked in front of him, she tried to give an extra
wiggle to her butt as she went by.  She used every excuse that she
could to bend over and show him her bottom.  She even managed to
accidentally bump into him once.
     At sundown, he told her that it was clean enough.  She watched
him carefully for signs that her displays were having an effect.  But
there was no hint that he was aroused by it.  Jennifer ground her
teeth at this.
     If that was too subtle for him, how blatant do I have to get?

     "I thought that I was going to have off when your guests were
here," Jennifer said.
     "That is not what I said.  I said that 'they are not going to
see you like that'.  However, they will see you like something else. 
You won't even be showing any skin, so to speak.  But if you need
convincing, it explicitly states in the contract that your duties can
be required when I entertain guests."
     Jennifer did not even bother to ask to see the contract. 
Somehow, she knew that it was in there.  If I only would have had the
patience to read it, she thought.  Instead, I just looked at the
number after the dollar sign.
     Her wage was peanuts compared to what she guessed he was worth.
     "If you would care to disrobe, I will get your evening attire,"
he said as he left the room.  "I assume from this morning that you
don't mind being naked in front of me."
     She felt a slight flush from this.  At least he noticed that I
was naked, she thought.
     Jennifer unlocked and took off her maid's outfit.  Without
removing her corset, it was very difficult for her to remove her
shoes.  When he returned, he found her struggling with the back
lacings of the corset.
     "Still struggling with that?  We'll have to see if we can do
something about that," he said as he dropped a box on the bed.
     With his help, she was able to get out of the corset in less
than a minute.  The shoes came off last.  She wriggled her toes and
stretched out her feet.
     "So, what do you have now?" she asked.  She turned to face him
and did a little wriggle of her body and jiggle of her breasts.
     Richard seemed not to notice.  "It's fairly simple, actually. 
But you probably will want to take a bathroom break, first, before
you dress."  She complied, trying to wiggle her butt as she walked to
the bathroom.
     "First, I think, should be the pantyhose," he said.  She made a
production out of sliding them up her legs slowly.  I need to shave
my legs, she noted mentally.  "Next, the shoes."
     Jennifer saw that these shoes were almost identical to her other
pair except that these were made out of a shiny red patent material. 
They had the locking straps just like the others.  She was not eager
to wear them but she put her feet out for him.  He put them on her
and locked them in place.
     "As you might have guessed, a corset next," he said, pulling out
a red satin corset with back lacing and breast support.  She fastened
it together herself, and then he started to tighten it.  She noticed
right away that it was tighter, and it took him a much longer time
than before to lace the corset up.  She had her hands against the
bedpost while he did that.  By the time that he was done, she was
gasping.
     "God, that is tight!" she said.
     "That is the point," he said.  "This is a formal affair, so
gloves as well.  He handed her a pair of elbow length red gloves. 
She was surprised to feel the distinctive touch of thick rubber.
     "Rubber gloves?  That's for doing dishes!" she said.  Richard
looked at her without saying anything.  "All right," she said, as she
started to put them on.
     It took her longer than she expected.  They were tight fitting,
and she ended up having to invert the gloves and roll them on.
     "And lastly, the dress," he said, pulling out a large red mass
of rubber out of the box.
     "What the..." she said as he lowered it to the floor for her to
step into.  She hesitated before doing this.
     Richard pulled the dress up her body.  It covered her from ankle
to neck with heavy gauge rubber, and it had long sleeves that came
down to her wrists.  There was a single zipper in back that went from
just below her butt cheeks to the very top of the neck.  As he zipped
it up, she felt it grip her whole body tightly, including her
corsetted waist.  When it was fully zipped, he padlocked the zipper
to a metal ring at the top of the neck.
     The lower portion of the dress was very tight fitting.  She took
a couple of experimental steps forward.  The maximum separation of
her feet was less than a foot, and her knees half that.  Between the
hobble dress and the stiletto heeled shoes, she had to grab ahold of
Richard for support.  "God," she said as she looked at her silhouette
in the mirror.  "I look like a red rubber Morticia Adams."  Except
she had a better figure, with that tiny waist and big bosom.  As she
breathed, she could see her breasts rise and fall against the tight
rubber.  The only part of her skin that was exposed was her face.
     "That's the idea," he said.  "I'll help you out to the living
room where we are going to be tonight."
     Progress was very slow for her, with the necessity of taking
tiny steps and balancink in the heels from hell.  She leaned against
him on the way, and deliberately fumbled around his body.  She
managed to get her hand to his crotch in what appeared to be an
accident.  It was fairly hard, by her estimation.  Hmmm... she
thought to herself.
     "If you don't mind my asking," she said, "why did you dress me
up this way?"
     "Why is such a hard question to answer," he said, carefully
guiding her through a doorway.
     She felt herself becoming hot under the rubber.  This is going
to be a long night, she thought to herself.  "Could you try to
answer?"
     "In just a moment," he said.  They had emerged in the main
living room.  He guided her over to a couch and sat her down there. 
She could feel the rubber pulling at her knees and butt as she sat
down.  "Because I'm a rich man, and I want to dress you that way."
     "But why do you want to?" she asked.
     There was the loud sound of a doorbell.  "That must be our first
guests," he said.  "You'll need to get up.  Your duty is to greet
them at the door, take their coats, and hang them up in the coat
room," he said, pointing to an alcove that was at least thirty feet
away from the doorway.  "Invite them to sit down."
     "In this?" she asked.  "How?"
     "You'll find a way, I'm sure," he said.  "I need to change.  I
will be back."
     "But, but..." she said as he left the room.  Taking as deep of a
breath as she could manage, she tried to get to her feet.
     The tension in the dress at her knees and rear worked in her
favor.  She was able to get up, and stabilize herself in the heels. 
Slowly and carefully, without support from Richard, she worked her
way towards the door.
     The doorbell rang again before she was able to reach it.  With
an effort, she opened up the door.  She had to hold onto the handle
as she backpedaled, or she would have fallen on her rear.
     There were three men there in their forties.  All were dressed
in suits and ties.  They seemed surprised to see her.  "Greetings to
Mr Hane's household," she improvised.
     They looked at each other, then looked at her intently.  She
felt very uncomfortable standing there as they looked at her in her
tight rubber outfit.  "Please, come in."
     "Excuse us," said the one of them with the least hair.  The
three of them entered the house.
     "Can I take your coats?" she asked.
     There was a momentary delay, before the same man said
"Certainly."  They took off their coats and handed them to him.  She
started the long trek across the floor.  Thank god this is hardwood
and not shag carpeting, she thought as she concentrated on balancing
in the shoes and taking one baby step at a time.
     She thought that she heard whispering from behind her.  She
couldn't turn her head enough to look behind her, so she continued
forward.  After what felt like an eternity, she made it to the
coatroom and hung up the men's jackets.
     When she turned around, she saw that all three of them had not
moved and were looking at her.  The all too common sensation of a hot
face came over her.
     "Please, sit down," she said.
     Two of them did, but the one that had spoken up originally
walked over to her.  "Sorry for the rudeness," he said.  "My name is
Henry.  My associates are John in the blue shirt and Adam in the
white.  And you are?"
     "Oh, I'm just the hired help," she said.
     Henry was about to continue, but the doorbell rang again.  Henry
left her and took a seat next to the other three.
     When she finally made it to the doors again, she met two men at
the door.  One of which was in his sixties, the other his thirties. 
The younger man's eyes widened upon seeing her.  The older man just
smiled.
     "Please, come in," she said.
     She took their coats and invited them to stay.  The older man
introduced himself as Ben, the younger as Collin.
     She made a second trip to the coat room.  She wiped beads of
sweat off of her forehead with one rubber gloved hand.  When she
turned around, she saw Richard as he entered the room.
     "So, you're doing it properly, at last!" Henry said to Richard
as he entered.
     "You just had to give me a little time," he replied.
     Henry turned to Collin.  "You're still looking, as I remember."
     "Don't remind me of that," Collin replied.
     "Gentlemen," he said as Jennifer slowly wriggled towards them. 
"This is Jennifer.  She's a new employee of mine."
     There was a chaotic wave of greetings from the seated men. 
"Nice to meet you all," she said.
     "You can return to your room now," he said.
     She was a little surprised by this.  Richard had obviously went
out of his way to display her to these men.  Now why isn't he keeping
me here on display?
     She smelled the odor of food coming from the kitchen, and the
sounds of activity.  It must be the caterers, she thought.  I don't
really want them to see me like this, she thought.  Then again, I am
hungry.
     The quickest way back to her room was through the kitchen.  But
she chose to use a longer route through a side hall.
     When she neared her room, the sounds from the kitchen were gone.
 Hunger got the better of her.  Slowly, she inched her way into the
kitchen, staying near a wall whenever possible.
     There was a feast fit for a king prepared there.  As she
prepared a plate of food to take back to her room, she could make out
a few words of the men conversing in the livingroom.
     "... I didn't think you could do it, Richard,..."  "...you can
be easy on her this time... because it's her first...but then..." 
"...you know, it's really to early to tell.  You could have to do it
yourself next time..."  There was the sound of laughter.  "Like last
month!"  "Oh, fridays are worth looking forward to."  "I'm getting
hungry.  Where is the food?"
     This brought Jennifer out of her listening trance.  She made for
the door as fast as her shiny rubber hobble dress and stiletto heels
would allow.
     She just made it around the corner of the doorway when the
sounds of voices filled the kitchen.  "Serve yourself!" she heard
Richard saying.
     No one said anything about seeing her as she wormed towards her
room with a plateful of food.  She managed not to tip it over before
she made it in her room.
     Jennifer put the plate of food down and baby stepped over to the
keyring.  She unlocked the zipper, unzipped it, and let her hot
sweaty body experience a blast of fresh air.
     This corset was even harder to get out of.  It must have taken
her almost twenty minutes of panting and tugging at the cords to
loosen it enough to get out of.  Finally, the shoes and the
pantyhose.  She drew a hot bath for herself, and took her plate with
her to the bathroom.  She dined while she relaxed in the swirling hot
water.  "I wonder what they were talking about," she said.
     Out of habit, she hung up the dress and put away the other
articles.  Her bedroom was still nearly bare of clothing.  The maid's
outfit was still here.  She was half expecting that to disappear as
well.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 4

     There was a knock on the door.  Jennifer opened her eyes and
looked around.  Yesterday was friday.  Today is saturday.  No one
should be waking me up, she thought fuzzily.
     She made her way to the door and opened it.  Richard was there,
ready for the morning.
     "It's saturday," she said.
     "What does that have to do with anything?" he said.
     She was about to object, but then she remembered him saying '24
hours a day, seven days a week.'  Damn.
     They went through the morning routine, except that he brought in
a different corset with garters attached.  These were used to hold up
a pair of fishnet stockings.  Next was locking on the five an a half
inch stiletto heels.  He pulled the corset even tighter than before,
in her opinion.  And last was the shiny black patent maid's outfit.
     "Am I going to be wearing this every day?" she asked.
     "A good number of them," he said.  "But there will be variety,
of that you can be sure."  Somehow, this was not comforting to
Jennifer.
     She started breakfast, and thought about her attempts to arouse
Richard.  Well, if that wasn't good enough, there's something that I
know will! she resolved.
     She made up a pair of omlets.  He sat down to eat one of them. 
"Aren't you going to eat?" he asked as she remained standing there.
     "I will," she said.  "I'm just in the mood for something else." 
She went to the edge of the table and carefully lowered herself to
the floor.  Then, on hands and knees, she made her way over to
Richard's legs.
     "Jennifer, what are you doing?" he asked.
     Her hands slid up to his crotch.  She felt a half-hard cock
within.  Without waiting, she unzipped his pants with one hand and
dug for his cock with the other.
     A few seconds later, an erect penis emerged from his pants. 
"Jennifer, please..." he said.  But he did not continue after she
pulled herself forward and put the head of his cock inside of her
moist mouth.
     "Jennifer..."  She started to slowly bring his erect penis
within her mouth.  It was not a porn star's penis, but definitely
respectable in size compared to her previous boyfriend's. 
"please...don...uuungh."  She felt his cock throbbing to a new level
of erectness as her tongue played with tip of his penis.
     She tried to tease him slowly, but soon she could feel him
twitching his legs and feet.  She slowed down even further, merely
sucking softly on the head of his penis, but was soon surprised to
feel his cum entering her mouth.
     She swallowed although she didn't particularly enjoy it.  She
had done it for her last serious boyfriend only because he had asked
her to.  But today was special, so she kept swallowing, and continued
to suck the thick cum right out of his penis.
     If he doesn't notice me now, I don't know what it will take! she
thought to herself.
     She felt his penis slowly softening as she continued to suck. 
With a smile of satisfaction on her face, she backed up and pulled
herself back to her feet.
     Richard was looking at her with what was clearly lust... the
look had an intensity that made the smile slowly fade from her face. 
She felt a dampness growing in her crotch as his eyes bored into her.
 Her breathing became rapid and she started to strain against the
corset.
     He stood up and strode over to her.  Without saying a word, he
picked her up and sat her down on the center of the table.  She saw
that his cock had returned to rock hardness only a minute after he
had ejaculated.  With her fishnet stockinged legs and stiletto heeled
feet in the air, and with her skirt in disarray, Richard pounced on
her.  He held her hands to the table with his own as he thrust his
penis into her.
     She didn't scream or cry out for help.  She moaned as his
manhood thrust inside of her and pushed deep into her pussy.  It has
been a long time since I've had good sex, she thought to herself.
     As he kept thrusting, he kissed her savagely and thrust his
tongue deeply inside of her mouth.  After a moment of startlement,
she kissed him back, and their tongues played a manic, erotic game of
tag.
     She heard the breakfast plates being swept onto the floor by
their activity and shattering upon impact.  Jennifer did not care. 
As her body rushed towards orgasm under his relentless thrusting and
probing, she tried to arch her back.  The corset would not yield, and
as she came closer and closer, her head started to swim.  I take that
back, she thought deleriously as her body went on autopilot and her
legs writhed and tried to bring him closer inside of her.  I've never
*had* good sex before this!
     A thundering orgasm coursed through her.  She could feel the
muscles in her pussy clenching reflexively.  For the longest time,
her head swam in an ecstasy that bordered on overload.
     When she finally came down, he was still thrusting madly.  Oh
god, she thought to herself..  He already came once, so this one
could take a while.   "Sto...
     Just as she said that, another orgasm coursed through her
system.  She struggled and tried to get away, but he had her arms
pinned to the table.   "Please..." she begged as the orgasm slowly
ebbed and she gasped in exertion against the corset.  "Please..."
     She heard him grunting in pleasure as her third orgasm hit. 
There was a smile on his face and she felt him ejaculating into her. 
When the orgasm hit its peak within her, she struggled one last time
before the exertion and the constriction of the corset sent her into
unconsciousness.

    When she woke up, she found herself spread eagled to a bed.  The
room was lit up, but she did not recognize it.  This must be his
bedroom, she thought.
     She tried to call out to him, but only a mumbled reply made its
way out of the gag that she wore.  It felt like leather, and there
was something long and phallic that extended inside.  There must have
been some sort of hole in it, because she was able to breath through
it.
     She saw Richard's silhouette appear over her.  She turned to
look at him, still not fully recovered from the ordeal in the
kitchen.
     He was naked from the waist up.  She could see the muscles in
his chest and arms and the dark hair on his chest.  His eyes bored
into her with that same intense look.  She felt a wave of lust go
through her at the sight of him.
     Below the waist, he was wearing what appeared to be tight rubber
trousers.  His penis was erect and in front of him.  To her surprise,
his cock was covered in the same black rubber, and that latex sheath
was actually built into the pants.
     She writhed in fear and anticipation as he climbed onto the bed.
 His hands roamed over her legs, and she felt a shiver go through her
as he touched her pussy with his fingertips.  She felt herself
becoming wet almost immediately.
     Instead of mounting her, he brought his face down to her crotch.
 She moaned as he started to nibble on the outer lips of her pussy,
and teased them with his teeth.  His hands roamed around her outer
thighs, and caressed her hips.
     His lips left her crotch, and she moaned in desperation.  He
leaned over her, and his hands touched the vinyl of her outfit. 
First, they were around her narrow waist, then they slowly moved up
to her breasts.  He felt her rock hard nipples through the shiny
fabric.  Richard teased her nipples and fondled her breasts through
it.  She put her head forward, desperately trying to touch him with
it, to kiss him in spite of the gag, but his face returned to her
crotch, with only one more long tickling of each nipple.
     Richard started in earnest now.  His tongue first worked near
the top of her pussy, and only slowly worked its way down.  She
writhed against her bonds, but she could only move her arms and legs
a few inches.  She felt his tongue probe deeper now... then he
brought his lips in to gently suck.
     His tongue was driving her mad.  She thrashed about and moaned. 
Her breath was labored against the corset, and as she approached
orgasm, that light headed feeling returned to her.
     He touched her clit with his tongue.  Finally! she thought.  At
first gingerly, then he thrust it in more deeply and played with it. 
He licked back and forth, faster and faster.
     "MMMMM...MMMMMM!" she exclaimed.  Again, an orgasm rocked
through her.  She struggled to stay conscious and gasped for air
through the gag.
     Mercifully, his tongue stopped its exploration.  As she
recovered, she saw his face hovering over hers.  Slowly, ever so
slowly, his hard rubber sheathed cock slid into her pussy.
     His penis worked like a piston inside of her.  Slow and
methodical at first.  She felt her juices dripping between her butt
cheeks.  She tried to wiggle her feet and toes, but they were still
locked within the black stiletto heels.
     Faster and faster now.  She felt herself again reaching that
level of excitement that was so pleasurable.  She tried to gasp for
air, but the feeling of light headedness reached up for her.
     Another wave of pleasure swept through her and she felt her hold
on consciousness slip away.

     The world returned to her, but ever so slowly.  There was a
feeling of dreaminess to it all.
     Again, she found herself tied up.  This time she recognized that
she was in Richard's den.  She was bent over and tied to the chair in
the middle of the room, just like before.  The same ball gag was in
her mouth now.
     She heard something from behind her and tried to look.  But the
wide black vinyl skirt blocked her view.
     Jennifer felt a man step behind her.  As she felt a rubber cock
rub up against her butt cheek, she guessed that it was Richard.
     He took her from behind, thrusting his rubberized penis into her
pussy.  She should have cried out, but in the dreamy state that she
was in, she felt like she was only an observer.
     He was fast and efficient.  This time, he brought her to the
brink of orgasm.  She heard a grunt of pleasure from him, and then he
stopped.  She moaned in frustration, but he did not seem to care.
     Now, apparently calm, she heard him pick up the phone and make a
call.  It was a bunch of numbers and financial terms that would have
lost her even if she had been clear headed.  After the longest time,
he hung up and returned to her.
     Five more times he used her that night.  Each time she found
herself orgasming at least once, sometimes twice.  And that fifth
time, he kept going and going and going...
     Until consciousness fled her, one more time.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 5

     When Jennifer awoke to the sound of knocking, there were two
feelings that fought within her.  First, the lingering memories of
the last night were still trickling through her.  But also, her
stomach grumbled and complained.
     I haven't eaten in a day! she thought to herself.  Slowly, she
rolled out of bed and walked to the door.
     Richard was standing there, again with a box in his hands. 
"Come in," she said, with a smile.
     His face was nearly expressionless.  "It is a new day," he said
as he walked in.
     "It is, isn't it?" she said.  Deep down, she was proud of the
fact that she had broken through his mask and found the sexual animal
underneath.  Oh, and what a beast it was!   She felt like she had won
a major victory.
     She ignored her grumbling stomach and stepped up beside him. 
She looked up at him, with yearning eyes and lips quivering and
aching for a kiss.
     "I'm sure that you're hungry," he said.  "You should really get
cleaned up and dressed so that you can make yourself breakfast."
     She was a bit disappointed in his cool demeanor.  But he had a
point about breakfast.  She went to her bathroom and relieved
herself.  She was still fragrant from the last night, so she took a
quick shower and combed her hair quickly before coming out.
     Richard was still waiting for her, patiently.  She was half
hoping that he would ask her to go about her chores in the nude
today.  Wouldn't that be fun! she thought.  Another part of her
guessed that if he brought in another box today, he was probably
bringing in something for her to wear.  Too bad.
     He had laid out her black vinyl maid's outfit yet again.  She
actually wished that he would give her a different outfit, or at
least change it.
     He was silent and expressionless even when she strutted about in
front of him nude.  With a bit of disappointment on her face, she put
on the fishnet stockings, then let him lock the stiletto heels on her
feet.
     The corset took five minutes of pulling on his part, then he was
done.  As she fastened the stockings to the garters attached to the
corset, he pulled out a piece of shiny leather with bits of
glittering steel in it.
     "What is that?" she asked.  It looked something like an
industrial strength bikini bottom or G-string in her opinion.  It was
made out of thick shiny leather, and it had what looked like locks in
at least two places that she could see.
     Richard took out a key from his pocket and unlocked it.  This
opened up the belt as well as the cross piece that would cover her
crotch.  "I'll explain in a moment," he said as he fastened it around
the narrowest part of her corsetted waist, placing the lock in front.
 The other strap of the belt dangled down behind her
     The belt was snug around her waist when he locked it together. 
He reached up between her legs and she spread them, hoping that he
would feel her up down there.   But she was disappointed when he
grabbed ahold of the strap that pulled it between her legs and up.
     "Aaah!" she exclaimed as he took the metal end of the strap and
pushed it into the same lock in front.  The strap pulled up tightly
all the way between her butt cheeks and pussy.  It was distinctly
wider in the front than in the back, and completely covered her
vagina.  There was a small and metallic part of it resting against
her body between her pussy and her anus.  A 'click' sound could be
heard as it locked into place.  "That's tight!" she exclaimed.
     She felt the thing around her with her hands and looked at it
with the mirror.  A dim recollection started to churn within her, and
this was confirmed by Richard.  "This... is a chastity belt."
     Chastity belt?  Wasn't that... supposed to *prevent* sex?  She
thought back to last night, and the intense, mind-blowing sex that
they had together.
     She was flustered and a little insulted by this.  What kind of a
man is he?  But before she could think of something to say, he was
gesturing for her to put on her vinyl maid's outfit.  She slid it on
and let him zip it up and lock it into place.
     "Get down to the kitchen and get breakfast started for us, would
you?" he asked.
     She looked at him imploringly.  "But... but what if I have to go
to the bathroom?" she asked lamely.
     "For now, you have to hold it," he said.  "But that will be
remedied shortly."
     Flustered and confused, she walked to the kitchen.  Balancing in
these shoes was getting a little easier, but it still required
concentration.  Jennifer still stayed close to the walls, just in
case.
     She was still very hungry, and in no mood be patient with her
food.  She poured herself a bowl of cereal, added milk, and sat down
to eat.  When that was done she poured herself a second.  But she
could barely get a spoonful of the second bowl down.  It must be the
corset pushing on my stomach, she decided.
     "Come back to your room, please!" bellowed Richard's voice
through the house.
     Jennifer slowly walked back to her room.  The euphoria from the
last night of sex was dispelled.  What did I do wrong? she wondered. 
I thought that all guys wanted sex, the more the better!
     She entered her room, and saw a shadow from the bathroom. 
Slowly, she walked into it.
     Richard pointed towards the cabinet beside the toilet.  Jennifer
noticed a change.  Next to the roll of toilet paper there was now a
long metal chain attached to the cabinet.  At the end of it was a
small forked piece of metal.
     "This is the answer to your question," he said.  He picked up
the forked piece of metal and put it in her hands.  "At the bottom of
your belt, you probably feel a small metal lock.  There should be a
slot in it for this."
     Jennifer took the piece and fumbled with it between her legs. 
After a little while, she managed to find the slot and push the metal
fork into it.
     There was a 'click', and the pressure around her crotch was
suddenly released.  She felt that the strap between her legs was now
divided... and the front one was now attached to the chain via the
metal fork and the lock.
     "You can do your business here whenever you want to," he said,
"but the only way to disconnect yourself from the cabinet is to
reconnect the two parts of your belt.  Then it pops out
automatically."
     She pulled the two parts together underneath her, and managed to
join them together.  The fork popped back out of the lock, leaving
her free to leave, but with chastity belt intact.  She thought that
she saw a look of pride on his face.
     You even thought of this, she thought glumly.

     The Sunday went by very slowly for Jennifer.  She did not
continue her games of peek-a-boo with Richard.  What was the point? 
I have a night of sex with him, and he locks me in a chastity belt. 
He can't even see my pussy now for god's sake!
     Finally, the day was over with and he dismissed her.  She found
an immediate problem.  After she took off the maid's outfit, she
found that the chastity belt prevented her from removing her corset. 
She tried all of the keys on the keyring in her room, but none of
them opened up her belt.  With a sigh, she locked the maid's outfit
back on and went to find Richard.
     He was in his den, on the phone of course.  She waited patiently
at the doorway for him to finish.  "Yes, Jennifer?" he said.
     "Sir?" she started formally.  "How can I take my corset off with
this belt locked on?" she asked.
     "The answer is that you don't," he said flatly.
     "But...how will I get to sleep?" she asked.
     "How did you fall asleep in your apartment, with the corset on?"
he asked.
     She had no answer for that.  She left with a downturned gaze and
slowly went back to her room.
     By kneeling down, she managed to unlock her shoes.  With her
chastity belt and corset still on, she laid down on the bed and tried
to get to sleep.

     The next three days went by at a snails pace.  Richard let her
out of her chastity belt and corset twice in order to bathe, but the
rest of the time she was constantly wearing them.
     She could not get saturday night out of her mind.  Even now,
when she thought back to it, a smile crept onto her face and she
sometimes started to feel herself getting wet.
     Until that wetness reminded her of the chastity belt.
     You don't miss something until it is taken away, she decided. 
For most of the time that she had been living alone in her apartment,
she had been free to seek out sex.  It was never a great priority to
her then.
     But, wearing the chastity belt nearly 24 hours a day was a
constant reminder that she couldn't have sex.
     Being told that she couldn't have sex made her want sex even
more.
     Richard, too, also served as a reminder.  He reminded her of
that saturday night, and the intensity with which he had made love to
her.  Raped her?  Somehow, she couldn't think of it as rape.  It was
something in between the two, and it made her hot remembering it.
     Finally, Wednesday night, after supper was done, she could stand
it no more.  After she finished the dishes, she marched down to his
den in her heels and black vinyl maid's outfit, with her skirt
flouncing with each step.
     "Richard," she said bluntly.
     He was busy scribbling down figures and punching numbers into a
calculator.  "Yes, Jennifer?" he responded.
     "Why did you put this chastity belt on me?"
     "Because I wanted to curb any inappropriate behavior between
us," he said, without looking up.
     "Inappropriate?  What is that supposed to mean?  You certainly
seemed to enjoy it.  And if I objected, wouldn't you think that I
would have left?" she said.
     Richard put down his pencil and looked at her.  "Miss Brooks, we
met for the first time less than a week ago.  And besides, I am the
employer and you are the employee.  That is what I mean by
inappropriate."
     "Then why were you so eager to continue once I started it?!" she
asked.  "I seem to remember that the first move was mine, but the
next eight or nine were yours!"
     "I don't wish to discuss that," he said flatly.
     "Damn it!  Don't you get it?  I get hot just when I look at you
and remember what happened on saturday.  And then there is this damn
belt reminding me every day that I can't have that!  I don't care if
I work for you or not.  Damnit, I'm horny!" she said.  And indeed,
she knew that at right that minute, she was starting to get damp
again.  And the stress of yelling at him was making itself felt as
she panted against the corset again.
     "I'm sorry.  Saturday was a mistake on my part." he said.
     Jennifer walked over to the desk.  By now, she was moving much
more easily in the heels than when she had first worn them.  She took
one hand and felt his crotch.  She found a moderately hard cock
beneath his trousers.  "Maybe I should play with this again and see
what happens?"
     He slowly but firmly took ahold of her hand and pulled it away. 
"That would not be a good idea right now.  But perhaps I can find a
way to... alleviate your condition, so to speak."
     "Please," she said, with her eyes begging.
     "We'll take this up again tomorrow," he promised.

     Again, morning arrived with a knock on her door.  Thusrday, she
thought as she returned to consciousness.
     This was the fourth night in a row that she had been forced to
sleep in the corset and chastity belt.  Last night, after talking to
Richard, she had gone into the bathroom and unlocked the belt with
the metal fork.  After finishing her business there, she couldn't
help but think about him and last saturday night.  She masturbated
twice last night before she finally locked the belt in place and went
back to bed.
     She opened the door, and saw Richard there.  He was again
already dressed.  A smile formed on his face as he saw a familiar key
ring in his hands and a paper wrapped package under his arm.
     I bet he's going to unlock the belt, she thought eagerly.  Just
the thought started to get her hot.
     Doubt gripped her as he first directed her to put on the
fishnets and locked on the spiked heels.  But then he bent down and
unlocked the front lock on her chastity belt, releasing her from the
device.
     The smile returned to his face.  As one of Richard's hands was
unwrapping the package he had brought in, the other was gently
running its fingers through her pubic hair.  She moaned and shivered
as his middle finger started to move deeper.
     She barely noticed as he finished unwrapping the package.  It
looked like the other chastity belt... almost.   "Huh?" she said as
he locked the new belt around her waist, leaving the cross piece
dangling behind.
     "Lie down on the bed with your legs spread, would you?" he said.
 Eagerly, she obeyed.  He pulled the crosstrap down between her legs
and continued to massage her pussy.
     As her juices flowed, he used his free hand to pull the strap
tightly up between her butt cheeks.  There was a small metal piece
between her anus and pussy, as before.
     He stopped playing with her and pulled the strap up.  Jennifer
looked down, and saw that this belt had something on the inside.  It
looked like there was a short, thick dildo build into the inside of
it.  Just above that, there was a rectangle of built up material that
was covered with small, soft rubber nubs.
     Jennifer was about to object, but then he guided the dildo into
her with one hand while pulling the strap up with the other.  She let
out a moan as it slid up into her.  She felt the phallus lodged
against her, and the nubs above the dildo were pressed up tightly
within her, reaching for but not quite touching her clit.
     With a familiar 'snap', the new belt was in place.  She moaned
and ground her hips for a long time.  She put her hands down at her
crotch and tried to reach her clitoris.  The belt was too tight
against her body for her to do that.  She tried to move the phallus
and nibs around inside of her, but the belt was too tight for her to
do that effectively.
     She looked up at him, with a wild, frustrated look.  He said
nothing, and only held up the vinyl maid's outfit.  She rolled out of
bed and let him lock her into it.
     "Why did you do *this*? she asked.
     Richard walked out of the room.  "You said that you were horny. 
I said that I would do *something* about it.  I did not say what."
     Flustered, she followed him out.  Each step made the plallus and
nubs in the belt shift around ever so slightly.  By the time she
reached the kitchen, she was panting in frustration.
     Oh, you bastard! she thought as he sat down, waiting for her to
prepare breakfast.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 6

     Thursday was an agony of pleasure, if such a contradiction could
exist.  If she stood still for a few minites, the sensations in her
crotch would subside.  But sitting down was uncomfortable now, with
the plug in her.  All that pressure down there quickly made her stand
up.
     But the chores that Richard had her do did not lend themselves
to standing in place.  As she walked, the dildo inside of her and the
rubber fingers wormed around and moved about.  On more than one
occasion, she had to stop and lean aganst the wall as she lost
concentration in her heels.  And yesteday she had almost been used to
walking in the things!
     After lunch, she found herself alone.  The genital teasing was
getting to be too much for her.  She found a chair of about the right
height and stepped next to it.  She relaxed her knees slightly, and
drove her crotch down onto the front and bottom of the chastity belt,
grinding back and forth.
     She was so close, so close... then she heard footsteps.  With a
groan of frustration, she stepped back and smoothed out the skirt of
her vinyl maid's outfit.
     "I thought I heard something here... is there anything wrong?"
     Anything wrong!?  You son of a ...!  "No, not that I know of,"
she said, with her face starting to turn red.
     Richard looked at her for a long moment, then shrugged.  "I'll
be back shortly, he said."
     Groaning in frustration, she returned to washing the dishes.

     Supper was finally over, and she rushed back to her room.  She
went to the bathroom and put down the toilet seat.  Sitting down, she
jammed the metal fork into the bottom of the chastity belt.  The two
halves separated, and she immediately brought her hands down to her
groin, massaging the hot, moist tissue there.
     It took her less than one minute to climax.  She panted against
the tightness of the corset afterwards and slumped on the toilet
seat.
     After recovering, she slowly went about the business of her
other bodily functions.  "Dammit!" she said aloud.  "I'm gonna go
crazy!"
     A plan born of desperation sprang to mind.  Maybe if I give him
head again, he'll get horny again and unlock this damn thing!  One
small corner of her mind reminded her that giving him oral sex was
what had put her in the contraption to begin with.  She was not
thinking clearly at that moment and easily ignored this small
rational corner.
     With a sigh, she pulled the two haves of the chastity belt back
together underneath her.  She felt the plug worming its way inside of
her again, and she started to get hot again.
     She stood up, a bit unsteadily, and marched out of her room,
heading for his den.
     By the time she arrived, all the motion in her crotch had made
her horny as hell.  As she guessed, he was in his den, reading.  He
only grunted when she entered, and did not look up.
     Jennifer did not say a word.  She walked over to him.  The front
of his desk was open, so that she could see his legs.  She knelt down
in front of the desk and crawled under it.  She heard him say
something as she unzipped his fly and yanked out his penis.
     It was completely soft, but she immediately brought all of it
into her mouth and started to suck.  She felt him sliding back on his
wheeled chair, and she crawled forward to keep her face in his groin.
     Just as it was starting to get hard, she felt him stand up, kick
his chair back, and grab ahold of her arms.  She felt his strong
hands through the thin vinyl fabric of the outfit.  Jennifer let out
a pathetic moan as she felt herself being pulled off of him.  She
sucked hard, trying to stay attached to his penis, to no avail.
     She looked into his eyes with desperation in her face. 
"Please..." she said.
     Richard shook his head. "Tsk, tsk.  Young lady, when will you
learn?"
     Jennifer only moaned in frustration as he turned her around and
marched him through the house, holding her arms behind her back. 
What kind of a man turns down a blow job? she wondered.
     They arrived at a door that she had never seen unlocked.  He
took a keyring out of his pocked and unlocked it.
     He guided her inside and turned the light on.  Almost
immediately, she knew that this must be his bedroom.  Maybe he is
going to unlock me after all, she hoped.
     There was a large king sized bed with satin sheets and
pillowcases.  It had four huge bedposts, and connected to each of
them was a chain ending in a wrist or leg cuff.  There were two huge
dressers, a large wall mirror, and three other doors that she guessed
led to either bathrooms or closets.
     On the opposite side of the room from the bed were several
wooden racks with eyebolts, straps, and other points of attachments
for a victim.  She did not get much of a chance to study it as he
walked her over to the foot of the bed.
     There, she could see that a pair of fur lined wrist cuffs were
suspended from the ceiling by a chain.  She only moaned as he took
wrists one at a time and locked them into place above her head.
     Her arms were almost completely outstretched above her.  She
could relax her shoulders, but not much else.  As for moving, she
could walk about two feet in any direciton, and twirl around, but
that was about it.
     As she stood there, Richard dug in a dresser drawer and pulled
out a gag.  This one was made out of leather with a wide but short
rubber phallus built into it.  As he brought it up to her face, she
resigned herself to her fate and let him put it in her.
     This one also had a breathing hole, she noticed as he fastened
it in place.  This was good, because her nose was starting to become
congested.
     Richard left her there teetering on her locked-on heels and went
to one of his dressers.  He brought out what looked to be an
electrical device of some sort.  It had several knobs on front, and
two electrical cords protruding.
     What the hell is that? she wanted to say, but the gag only let
mumbles come out.  Richard walked to the foot of the bed and leaned
over to fish an extension cord out from underneath it.
     She could only watch and wonder as he plugged the device into
the extension cord.  A couple of lights went on as he plugged it in. 
She could also see some sort of glowing numeric LED display.  She saw
him play with the knobs until he stopped with a look of satisfaction
on his face.  He put the device down and slid it a few feet under the
bed.
     Richard then took the other cord and brought it up to her
chastity belt.  There must have been some sort of receptacle there
that she had failed to notice, because the phallus inside of her
suddenly started to vibrate intensely.
     "Mmmngh!" she said through the gag.  She had heard of vibrators,
but never had the courage to get one for herself.  As she writhed
there, he returned to his dresser and came back with another set of
restraints.
     She barely noticed as he locked the leg cuffs on to her legs. 
Only when she tried to kick her leg up did she realize that her legs
were tied together with less than six inches of play between them.
     Richard left the room and turned off the lights, shutting the
door behind her.  The only light was from the dim glow of the
readouts on the box under the bed.
     She soon realized what the purpose of the device was.  She
ground her hips around, trying to climax.  But right before she made
it, the device turned the vibrations off, leaving her wet and
dripping in her dark prison.  She panted through her gag and heaved
against her corset.  More than once she lost her balance in the
heels, but that only resulted in pressure on her arms until she
righted herself.
     Minutes later, the vibrations started again.  This time, she was
able to climax before the device turned the power off again.
     For unknown hours, the box toyed with her.  There seemed to be
no pattern to the things bursts of power.  Sometimes, she could
climax, once, twice, or even three times.  Then there was a long
stretch of brief bursts that left her sobbing through her gag and
struggling against the corset for breath.
    She twisted around furiously during the next surge of
electricity, and felt the cord wrapping around her.  She kept turning
the same way, on tiptoes in the heels, pulling the cord around her
until she felt something budge.  The lights on the box went out, and
the vibrations stopped.
     She sagged in relief, as the buzzing in her crotch died.  Then,
as the silence endured, she became worried.  What is Richard going to
do when he finds me like this? she wondered.
     Probably think of something even more twisted, spoke up a
cynical little corner of her mind.
     She endured in silence, trying to find some way to get
comfortable.  Several minutes of squirming demonstrated the
impossibility of that.
     Finally, after an eternity of suspended agony, she heard
footsteps from outside.  She twiched and twisted in place, and saw
him as he entered the room.
     He walked up to her and shook his head again.  "Jennifer,
Jennifer.  I just don't understand," he said as he untangled the cord
that was wound around her.  After a minute or so, he bent down and
inspected the box.  It did not look damaged, and he managed to get it
to work again by simply plugging it back into the extension cord.
     "I was careless, I see," she said.  Jennifer tried to sigh in
relief, but the gag and the corset interfered.  "Don't worry.  I will
do better next time.  I learn from my mistakes."  Somehow, this was
not at all comforting to her.
     He went over to the dresser and returned with a length of nylon
cord.  He took one end of it and tied it to one of the two bedposts
at the foot of the bed.  Then, he went behind her and tied it to the
narrow piece of leather that went between her butt cheeks. 
Continuing, he took the other end of the cord and tied it to the
other bedpost at the foot of the bed.
     Jennifer quickly realized that this would prevend her from
repeating her previous stunt.  The nylon cord would run out of slack
in less than two rotations, leaving her very uncomfortably
constricted.
     All she could do is moan in protest.  "You leave me a bit
puzzled, dear Jennifer," he said.  "You told me that you were horny,"
he said.  "If you would have been paitent, I would have showed you
how to use the vibrator yourself.
     "But you were impatient, and needed to be punished.  I gave you
the pleasure that you desired... I thought.  Did I err?"
     Did I err?  Don't you know what you've been putting me through?!
she thougut furiously.
     "Here is my quandary," he said.  "Your punishment must continue,
of course, for your misbehavior.  But do you want to be plugged back
in, or do you wish to continue your punishment without any
distractions?"
     She could only stare at him.  What a decision!  It was hard for
her to decide which would be worse.
     "One grunt means that you wish silence.  Two will indicate that
you wish it to be plugged back in."
     She moaned once immediately.  Then, after a long pause, she
grunted again.
     Why did I do that? she wondered as he set up the box again and
plugged her in.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 7

     This time, the first burst from the box was exceedingly brief. 
As her vibrating belt silenced itself, she was able to watch Richard
as he went about his business.
     He opened another door and turned the light on.  She could see
that it was a large bathroom, and witnessed him disrobing down to his
underwear.  This is the first time that she had seen him nearly
disrobed in a well lit place.  As another short pulse from the belt
hit her, she found herself heating up at the sight of him.
     She saw him brush his teeth, then he finally shed his underwear.
 His manhood was limp when he emerged from the bathroom.
     Richard gave her a long, hard look as the vibrator started up
again.  She wriggled and tried to bring the vibrator further into
her.  As she looked at him, she saw his penis stiffen and rise up
from its resting place.
     He shut the door behind him and went into a darkened room.  The
light from the room revealed it to be some sort of walk-in closet,
with clothes on the hangers.  But the clothes were rather odd...
     He shut the door behind him and she could see a bar of light
peeking through the bottom of the doorway.  He emerged just a minute
later, with a few things in his hands.  Oh, god!  What is he going to
do to me now?  She was close, so close...
     The vibrations died again and she hissed in frustration through
the breathing hole in her gag.  Richard laid two things down on the
bed and went over to dim the lights.  One of the things resembled the
chastity belt that she now wore.  But I'm already wearing one!  How
the hell could I use another? she wondered.
     He had put it down near the foot of the bed, so she had a good
view of it.  This one had a phallic protrusion on it, but it was a
bit longer and narrower than hers had.  And it was on the thin rear
strap, instead of the wider one inside of her right now.  Oh god! 
Now he's going to put something up my ass!  It took her a moment to
notice the front of it...
     In front, it looked like there was a sheath for a man's penis to
go into. It also looked like underneath the sheath, there was some
sort of bulge with a wire protruding from it.  That wire went back to
the plug in back.  She thought that she could see some sort of
recessed plug in, like for an adapter, on the bulge underneath the
penis sheath.  He's going to wear *that* to bed?
     The vibrator switched on, and coherent thought became difficult.
 She saw Richard return to the bed and start to apply some sort of
lubricant to the plug.
     He laid down on the bed, and she had a very nice view of him as
he pulled the thing on and slid the plug into place.  Then he slowly
worked his penis into the sheath.
     When he was done, he buckled the belt together around his waist.
 There was no lock on the belt that *he* wore, she noticed.  She was
surprised by the next thing that he did.  He took out a pair of
leather cuffs, and fastened his own ankles together.  How bizarre
*is* this guy, anyway? she thought as she felt the muscles in her
vagina starting to tense up.
     He reached up, and she saw him pull a very short chain out from
behind the bed.  Jennifer saw that it seemed to be attached to the
wall.  There was a wire wrapped around it that attached to the inch
cubed metal block that also served as the end of the chain.  A second
wire about six feet long emerged from the metal box.
     Richard took the second wire and plugged it into the bulge under
his penis sheath.  She didn't hear any additional buzzing as she came
closer to her own orgasm.  Then, he took out a pair of wrist cuffs
and padlocked them to his own wrists.  There was no connection
between them, but there was a short oddly shaped metal key attached
to each cuff via a very short chain.
     She saw him push one of the metal keys into the box, and heard a
click.  She was so close, so close...
     As she saw him push the second key into the box.  Now both of
his hands were nearly chained together, and she heard a second
buzzing noise, this time coming from his belt.
     As soon as she saw this, the orgasm hit her.  She was thankful
when the vibrator kicked off seconds later.

     It was impossible for her to sleep in this condition.  The
standing in the stiletto heels with arms overhead made it impossible
enough, but the vibrator kicking in and out over the course of the
night made it even more exhausting.
     With nothing else to focus on, she watched Richard over the
course of the night.  His vibrations also kicked on and off, she
noticed, but it seemed much more regular.  There was a long on
period, and an even longer off period.  She saw him writhe on the bed
and struggle against his own self-inflicted bondage.  Near the end of
each session, she saw him twist and thrust his hips and grunt in
pleasure.  Only one time did she see the vibrator kick off without
him apparently finishing the job.  God! she thought as her vibrator
kicked off again, leaving her panting.  I wish that was me on his
penis!
     This cycle must have happened at least a half of a dozen times
during the night, compared to Jennifer's dozens of random pulses. 
Finally, she saw a hint of light creep through the closed curtains.
     Finally!   She thought.  But then she wondered about something. 
He's tied up too.  How is he going to get untied?
     Her question answered itself.  There was one last period of
vibration in Richard's belt.  After a while, and just after he let
out a grunt of pleasure, she heard a sharp electronic clicking noise.
 Jennifer saw that the metal keys were now loose from the small metal
box on the end of the chain, and the vibrations had stopped.  Slowly,
he yawned and opened his eyes as Jennifer's exhausted body shuddered
with yet another spasm of pleasure.
     "Good morning," she heard him say as he smiled at her.  He
unbuckled his wrist restraints and slowly bent down to unplug the
power cord to his belt.  As he was working on the straps around his
ankles, the continuous vibrations sent Jennifer into another bout of
moaning through her gag.
     He got out of the bed, with his belt still on.  She was glad
when he bent down under the bed and switched off the box.  She saw
his muscular butt moving as he made his way to the bathroom and
closed the door behind him.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 8

     She heard Richard shower and go through his other morning
activities.  When he emerged, he was completely naked.
     He walked over to her and untied the rope that kept her from
twisting around.  Next, he unplugged the cord between her chastity
belt and torturously stimulating electrical device.
     After he unlocked the wrist restraints, she collapsed.  Only
Richard's strong arm around her corsetted waist kept her from hitting
the floor.  I'm so tired... she thought as fatigue, held at bay for
so long, now entered her with a vengeance.
     He did not release her feet from the hobble, but instead picked
her up in his arms.  I've been swept off my feet, she thought
deleriously as he carried her out of his room.  If only I could
appreciate this.
     Richard gently laid her down on her bed.  She collapsed
immediately and barely budged as he started to remove the remaining
bondage attire from her.
     The ankle restraints, the shoes.  Then, to her surprise, the
belt.  She managed to crack her eyes open and look at him as he did
that.  The look on his face was almost... tender.
     "Richard...", she said dreamily as he turned her over and
started to unlace her corset.  Within a few minutes, he rolled her
back on her front and unhooked the front busks.
     Did she dream it, or did he give her a kiss before he left the
room?

     Birds flew by underneath her as she traveled on tiptoes above
the clouds.
     Jennifer looked down, and saw the world below her.  She was not
surprised to see that she wore white shoes on her feet, with the
stiletto heels so impossibly high that she could not see them touch
the ground.
     A bird landed on her left shoulder, then another on the right. 
Both were green with red feathers around the eyes.  "See, see!" the
one on the right said.
     "Listen, listen well," said the one on her left shoulder.
     They disappeared, and she looked around.  Then, from behind her,
a hand reached around and touched her on the cheek.
     She shivered as a pair of lips kissed her on the back of the
neck.  "Richard..." she called out, and tried to turn around.
     Jennifer moved with impossible slowness.  She felt her heels
slipping on the earth far below, and her body began to fall, fall so
far...

     She woke up with a start.  For the first time several days, she
woke up completely naked.  Slowly, she rubbed her hands over her
chest and crotch, not quite believing it.  Her shoulders and feet
were still sore from her last ordeal.  Her crotch did not seem sore
at all, surprisingly.
     She rolled to a sitting position on the side of the bed, and
tried to stand up.  The headache that greeted her sent her back to
the bed, and she remained there for several minutes until it
subsided.  This almost feels like a hangover, she thought.
     Slowly, she managed to get to her feet.  Jennifer walked to the
bathroom, and found some ibuprofen in the medicine cabinet.   Three
tablets later, she walked back into her room and discovered a note on
the nightstand.

Jennifer,

     I won't be back until late tonight.  Feel free to make yourself
whatever you want for supper.
     There is going to be a small change in your sleeping
arrangements.  I would like for you to get up before me and have
breakfast waiting for me in the kitchen.  Therefore, you will need to
get all of your preparations done the evening before.
     As for your wake-up call... I'm sure that you saw my alarm clock
system in action last night.  There is now one for you as well in
your room.  The control panel, wires and chains are located in a
panel in your headboard.  You will find it if you look.
     The wire connects to your chastity belt, and the wrist cuffs are
in the top dresser drawer.  All parts need to be connected for it to
properly work.  Remember... there will be no wakeup call. 
Oversleeping will result in disciplinary actions.

Richard.

     What the... Jennifer thought as she read his note.  She was
mulling over the full ramifications of the letter as she felt around
her headboard.  Sure enough, it was there.  She found a small hinged
door there, with recessed hinges and a hard to find latch.  Jennifer
opened it, and saw an electronic control panel set several inches
back behind it.  There were four dials along the bottom and a
flashing LED display that flashed 030...008...020...030, then paused,
then repeated.
     Below that there was a short chain with a wire wrapped around
that on the inner ledge.  Jennifer took it out, and saw that it was
identical to the one that Richard had used.  The chain ended in a
small metal cube.  This cube had the two slots in the sides, just
like Richard's.  The wire entered the box on the top, and exited out
the bottom.  Six more feet of power cord led to a plug for a power
socket..
      She left the panel open and sighed.  She went to her dresser
drawer and opened it up.  Sure enough, there were two wrist cuffs and
two padlocks there.  The wrist cuffs each had four inch long chains
which ended in the familiar metal fork...
     And her chastity belt was there, complete with dildo and rubber
warts.  She did not know whether to smile or cry when she saw it.
     She sat down on the bed and was about to turn on the television
when her stomach grumbled.  Jennifer headed for the door... and
remembered Richard's rule about leaving her room out of uniform.
     She opened the door a crack and listened intently.  Not a sound
came from the rest of the house.  "If he's not here..." she said as
she stepped out naked into the hallway.
     There was no sign of him as she cautiously made her way to the
kitchen.  She threw last night's leftovers into the microwave and sat
down while they heated up.  Ding!  She pulled the food out and dug
in.
     Ten minutes later, she was done.  She hunted around, and found a
clock that showed the time to be half past seven.
     Hmmm, she thought.  Time to do some exploring.  Most of the
house as she remembered was very impersonally decorated.  The only
rooms that had any personality at all were his den and his bedroom.
     Thoughts of his bedroom started to make her warm.  But that's
probably locked, she thought to herself.  Guessing that, she headed
for his den.
     It was unlocked, and she let herself in and sat down at the
desk.  Let's see what's in these drawers...
     The lower three drawers were unlocked, but the top two were not.
 There, she found another few financial sheets with outrageous
numbers on them.  Then, in the other one...
     Drawings.  They looked to be originals, not copies, and were
fairly well done.  The first drawing took her a moment to recognize. 
It was a nude drawing... of herself.
     The second one showed her in her maid's outfit.  It was not
exactly lifelike, but more like a fashion plate.  She turned it over
on the desk and looked at the third.  This one was a picture of her
in the red rubber hobble dress.  She looked up momentarily, and saw
that there was writing on the back of the second drawing.
     'Can you make this by tomorrow?' was scrawled on top.  Below
this, in different handwriting, was the reply.  'This and the next
one... but the other four will take at least a week... probably two.'
     Four others? she wondered.  The rest of the sheets were blank. 
She searched the drawer for more drawings, but none was there to be
found.
     Jennifer poked around his den, but did not find anything more of
interest.  Out of idle curiosity, she poked around the rest of the
house.  Room after impersonal room.  On the second floor, in a dark
side hall, she found a doorway that led further up.  Jennifer had not
been there before, and she headed up immediately.
     It was dark, and she fumbled around with her hands in the
stairwell until she found a light switch.  A single lonely lightbulb
cast a dim light around the very expansive attic that she saw.
     There were a number of cardboard boxes stacked up in one corner,
and a large chest in the other.  Carefully, she moved through the
shadows and started to open the first box.
     She noticed that they were all labeled "Dad's stuff".  She
grabbed ahold of the first object at the top of the box.  It was a
musty, yellowing bondage magazine.
     Jennifer scanned through it and saw page after page of tied up
women.  High heels and corsets were common in the magazine.  She saw
that the copyright was from over twenty years ago.
     The rest of the box was the same.  Jennifer repacked the box and
started to methodically investigate the others.
     There were four more boxes of the same.  The sixth box held
clothing instead.  High heels, a corset, a bra with built in
falsies... a couple of dresses
     She slipped a shoe on briefly, and felt that it was much too
large for her.  With a start, she realized that this clothing was
sized for a *man* to wear.
     Jennifer repacked the box and continued.  One more box of
transvestite trappings.  The last three held all sorts of restraints
and discipline devices.  The leather felt old and stiff, like it had
not been cared for in years.
     She repacked the last box, and went to the trunk.  It was
unlocked, and did not look to be terribly old.  Inside, she found
more clothing.  Thigh high boots with stiletto heels, a corset,
leather gloves... and a whip.
     There were pictures in this box as well.  She saw a younger
Richard posing with a raven haired beauty.  About half of the
pictures were of them in mundane settings.  There was a wedding
picture of the two of them.  From her dress, she guessed that the
woman had to be wearing a tight corset underneath.  But the rest were
of a more intimate sort.  Richard and the woman dressed up in leather
at what looked like a kinky party.  There were pictures of the woman
bound up, wearing corsets and heels, with sex toys on her genitals...
and wearing a dominatrix outfit, identical to what was in the box.
     Richard was also the subject of a candid photographic history. 
There were many pictures of him in a dominant leather outfit, but
some pictures of Richard being the one tied up.  And in a some, it
looked like Richard was dressed up in woman's clothing, usually in
bondage as well.
     She dug deeper, and found letters.  Not many, but a few.  She
found the one with the latest postmark and started to read.

Dear Richard:

     I'm sorry that it had to end this way.  You showed me how to
look inside and find what's really inside.  Now I know what I really
want.
     I will fondly remember the wonderful moments that we had
together, and try to forget the pain that I caused.  I hope that
someday you can forgive me.
     I've found a slave named Jerry that may prove to be worthy to
serve me.  His ordeal will be severe, but there is no other way to be
sure, is there?
     With memories, and regrets,

Susana

     Jennifer thumbed through the rest of them, and found them to be
similar in content.  Deep in thought, she repacked the trunk and
headed back downstairs, turning off the light on the way down.
     She wandered to the entryway, and paced back and forth a bit. 
But then, through a window, she saw headlights traveling down the
long private driveway.
     "Oh, shit!" she said aloud.  "He's almost here!"




HIRED HELP

Chapter 9

     She took off for her room at a dead run.  Jennifer flew inside
and headed for the top drawer.  First she locked on one wrist cuff,
then the other.  She hesitated with the chastity belt.  Once I get it
on, it isn't coming off until he unlocks it, she knew.  Maybe I can
just plug everything in without actually wearing the belt, she
thought.  But, somehow, deep down, she was sure that he would check
in on her tonight.
     She pulled the belt tightly around her waist.  She had to strain
to lock it in place.  This puzzled her for a moment.  Then she
realized that before, there had been a corset underneath that had
narrowed her waist.   *Now* Jennifer remembered the directions on his
note.  He had told her to 'get all of her preparations done the
evening before'.  "Shit!" she said aloud.
     Jennifer clenched her fists in frustration, then made up her
mind.  She reached between her legs and pulled the strap through.
     Her lack of lubrication made it very difficult to get in
properly.  She had to spend almost a minute putting it in, and when
she finally latched it in place, it still felt much more
uncomfortable than it ever had before.
     She heard the sound of the front door opening.  Jennifer quickly
walked to the bedroom door, wincing as she stepped forward and moved
the unlubricated parts around inside of her.  She quietly closed the
door, and turned off the light.
     As she fumbled for her bed, she thought that she heard footsteps
in the house.  Jennifer hastily flopped into bed and fumbled with the
chain.  She realized that she needed to plug the belt in first, or
she wouldn't be able to after her hands were connected to the wall
with just a couple of feet  of chain.  Frantically, she fumbled in
the dark, finally finding what seemed to be an outlet for it.
     First metal fork.  It went in with a click.  The second one
slipped away.  As she fumbled around, trying to get a grip on it, she
could tell that her wrist was now firmly attached to the wall via the
chain.
     The second one finally slipped in.  Jennifer arched her back and
had to stifle an outcry as the vibrations erupted in her groin.  She
writhed and tried to bring her hands down to her crotch.  She wanted
to pull it out... do something.  But the chain held tight and
prevented her from doing this.
     Jennifer saw the door starting to open.  She gritted her teeth
and managed to reduce her movement to a slow grind.  As the door
opened, she closed her eyes to a mere slit and looked at him.
     The light from the hallway seemed to shine directly on Jennifer.
 She saw that Richard did not come any further into the room.  He
just looked her up and down, with a slight smile on his face.  Then
his smile turned to a frown.  Without saying anything, he closed the
door and she could hear the sound of his receding footsteps.
     Jennifer let out the groan that she had been stifling.  In spite
of the discomfort, the vibrations from the dildo in her belt were
slowly getting her juices flowing.  In a matter of a few minutes, she
was lubricated enough for the dildo to slide the rest of the way
inside of her.
     The nubs above the dildo finally slid into their appointed spot
near her clitoris.  This was vibrating just as furiously as the
phallus inside of her.  As they touched the flesh inside of her, the
resulting sensations felt like a bolt of electricity coursing up her
spine.  Her hands strained against the cuffs and her toes curled. 
"Aaahh!" she cried out.
     Jennifer twisted and thrashed about in the bed.  She managed to
turn over and tried to dislodge the plug to her belt, but it seemed
to be almost all the way inside of the belt and impossible to remove.
     There was tension along her entire body, from face and hands
down her back and through her legs.  She must have held this pose for
minutes.  When she finally relaxed her body, it was to grind her hips
back and forth in an insane fury.  Jennifer did not know whether she
was trying to dislodge the vibrating devices within, or to push her
body closer to them.  After only seconds of this, she cried out again
as an orgasm slowly started to rumble through her body.
     It started as a fire in her crotch, then magically moved to her
toes.  Her fingers were next, and it felt like gentle, humming waves
radiating out from her groin.  Slowly, ever so slowly, the waves of
pleasure traveled through her body.
     When the waves met the fire in her fingers and toes, her entire
body seemed to catch on fire.  She kicked her legs up and waved them
wildly in midair as the pleasure reached its peak.
     The ebbing was just as slow.  First, her legs were released from
the flames, then her thighs.  Jennifer's legs dropped back to the bed
like the nerves had been cut.  Next, the heat in her hands slowly
cooled down, and her hands unclenched of their own accord.
     The inferno receded from her face, and she was able to unclench
her jaw.  There was a tingling in her breasts, and all that was left
was a humming feeling in her crotch.
     She had two more orgasms before the power finally turned off. 
When it was done, she felt relaxed, but not tired.  There was a
feeling of euphoria as she tried to move her pillow into proper
position and get comfortable on the bed.
     Just as her thoughts were starting to wander in the way that
they do before sleep comes, her belt suddenly came alive again.  She
twisted her head and thrashed her legs in surprise as the ordeal of
the belt resumed.

     Jennifer lost track of the number of times that the belt kicked
in.  It must have been at least eight more times, she thought. Nine? 
Maybe ten?  Each time she came to an orgasm, often several minutes
before the vibrations would stop.  And each time, she seemed to
remember being just *that* close to a second orgasm before the belt
would return to a state of quiet.
     Finally, there was one that seemed longer than the rest.  She
just made it to her second orgasm when the vibrations stopped within
her.
     She was surprised when she found that her hands were now free. 
Bleary-eyed, she looked around.  Jennifer stumbled out of bed and
turned on the light.  As she looked back at her bed, she saw a huge
wet spot on the bedcovers.
     "God, do I have to pee," she said as she staggered to her
bathroom.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 10

     Jennifer put the metal fork into the lock in her belt and opened
it up.  She immediately relieved herself, spending almost five
minutes getting everything out that wanted to come out.
     She cleaned up her crotch with a dry cloth, then found herself
having some difficult getting the plug back inside of her.  She
solved this by masturbating for a minute or two and getting her
crotch wet again.
     Jennifer reconnected her belt, which released her from the
bathroom counter but sent the phallus firmly back into her.  She then
was faced with the problem of what to wear as she made breakfast.
     She was sure that he wanted her to wear the corset.  But as she
tried to fasten it, she knew that it was supposed to be on underneath
the belt.  And as she tightened it, the waiststrap of the belt became
*much* more uncomfortable with the corset over it.
     Of course she couldn't put the maid's outfit on over it.  She
simply could not cinch it tight enough on her own, and the belt
underneath made it even more difficult.  Damn, damn, damn...
     Jennifer made her decision.  I don't think there's any way to do
this, she thought to herself.  She donned the parts of her outfit
that she could, which included her fishnet stockings and locked on
stiletto heels.  Then she carried her corset, maids outfit, and lock
for it downstairs.  As she walked, the chastity belt reminded her
that it was there with every step that she took.
     She put the corset, maid's outfit, and padlock on the kitchen
table.  Then with a resigned sigh, she started to make breakfast.
     He's probably going to be pissed at me, Jennifer thought. 
Goddammit, I tried to do what he said!  This probably means he's
going to punish me.
     That thought brought forth both fear and anticipation.  She
never would have done any of his 'punishments' voluntarily... but she
had managed to survive, and with a few orgasms to boot.
      Jennifer finished up the hashbrowns, eggs, and bacon.  She made
up two plates of food and put them on the table.  Next, the orange
juice and coffee.  All that was left to do was wait.
     Just a minute later, she heard the sounds of Richard's
footsteps.  She saw him fully dressed standing at the entrance to the
kitchen.  He stared at her and her bare breasts for a long moment. 
Then, he walked in and sat down at the table.
     Richard just looked at her, quietly.  The silence was becoming
unbearable for Jennifer.  Just say it! she thought.  Just say that I
messed up and get it over with.
     He continued to say nothing.  She was the one to break the
silence.  "I'm sorry that I'm out of uniform this morning.  I...
didn't plan well last night."  There was continuing silence from
Richard.  "I'm sorry.  I suppose that I am to be punished," she said,
looking down.
     "I guess that I did not make myself clear in the note," he said.
 "I knew that you would likely have problems on your own.  I expected
to find you in the living room waiting for me or some such thing.  I
was planning to be home in time to tuck you in."  There was a slight
momentary smile on his face when he said the last three words, then
the smile faded.  "Although you didn't come to breakfast in uniform,
it is not entirely your fault.  For this I will suspend your
punishment."  She let out a relieved sigh.  "But... I'm quite sure
that you were up and about out of uniform when I was gone."
     Jennifer went from relief to anxiety.  "H...how did you know?"
she said, not denying it.
     A half smile came across his face.  "The readout on your 'alarm
clock' indicated that your cycle had started just moments before I
had stepped in.  This means that you probably rushed to get into it
when I arrived.  And if you had been in uniform, you would have gone
to bed with your corset on.  I know that you can not get out of it
quickly."
     Jennifer's sighed an admission of guilt.  "Now what?" she asked.
     "Let's eat breakfast," he said.  "I must think about it."
     Breakfast was very quiet.  Richard was eating his breakfast
slowly, obviously lost deep in thought.  Jennifer ate more quickly,
and found herself fidgeting as he finished up the last of his
breakfast.
     "I have decided upon a suitable punishment," he said.  Jennifer
held her breath in anticipation.  "Go to your room," he commanded in
a calm voice, "and take these," he said, gesturing at the corset and
maid's outfit.  "Disrobe there.  I will be there shortly."
     She scooped up the unworn parts of her outfit and returned to
her room.  She put the outfit, corset, and padlock away, and unlocked
the shoes from her feet.  After she removed her fishnets, she sat
down on the bed to wait.  The chastity belt remained in place as she
did not have a key for it.
     Five minutes later, Richard arrived.  He held in his hands
several rubber items.  "Just a word of explanation.  You flaunted the
dress code that is required of you when you are outside of your room.
 It is not particularly difficult for you to function in your normal
outfit.  I just want you to know that it can get worse for you."
     "Worse?" she said hesitantly.
     Richard handed her something made of rubber.  She recognized it
after a few seconds as an enema bag, rubber tube, and nozzle.  There
was a clamp no the rubber tube that was blocking any water flow. 
"Give yourself an enema," he said.  "Then, when you have expelled it
all, do it again."
     She was taken aback by this.  An enema?  She slowly walked to
the bathroom as Richard put the rest of his load on the bed. 
Jennifer slowly filled the bag up with warm water and sealed the bag.
 When she was done, she turned back to shut the door, but found
Richard standing in the doorway.
     She felt his eyes boring into her as she tried to work the
narrow nozzle into her rectum.  "Can't I use some Vaseline or
something?" she asked.
     Richard went to the bed and came back with an unlabeled tube. 
"Try this," he said.
     Jennifer liberally coated the nozzle with the thick lubricant. 
It was much easier to put in place.  When it was there, she slowly
raised the bag over her head and let the water flow in.  She was
acutely uncomfortable with Richard watching her as she did this.
     She found it to be an interesting experience, as her bowels
filled up with fluid.  By the time that the bag was empty, she felt
like she had a case of diarrhea and had to go.
     "Wait a few minutes," he said.  She hopped from foot to foot in
agitation.
     "What if I can't?" she asked.
     "Then I'll have to add something else to your punishment," he
promised.
     The next minutes felt like hours to her.  At last, he gestured
and nodded for her to relieve herself.
     WOOSH!"  After she removed the nozzle and sat down, the watery
contents of her bowels came rushing out.  It was several minutes
before she was fully done with it.
     While she was doing this, Richard refilled the bag.  "Again," he
said even before she had stood up.
     Jennifer guided the nozzle in while she was still sitting on the
toilet.  He held it even higher, and the water rushed in even faster.
     This one she could not hold at all.  Almost immediately after it
was done, her sphincter let go and released the pressure behind it.
     Richard watched her impassionately as she finished up and
started to clean up.  When she was done, he walked out and curtly
gestured for her to follow.
     He picked up the next item and brought it over to her.  She
realized that this was a corset made of very heavy red rubber with
attached breast cups.  It only had lacing in back, with no front
closure, and extended from hips to armpits.  There were several very
short garters on the lower rim.  Richard put it on her and began the
laborious process of lacing it up from scratch.
     She noticed something unusual about the breast cups almost
immediately.  She felt rubber warts on the inside that touched her on
the nipples. As he tightened it around her, she felt her nipples
stand erect as they were stimulated.
     Now he started to pull it tight.  This corset felt subtly
different than the other ones she had worn.  This one did not
actually force her to hold a specific posture.  But when she tried to
bend over or breathe, it felt like a tight powerful spring was
fighting her every movement.
     By the time that he was done lacing it, this one was just as
effective at keeping her breathless as the other corsets.  Right
after he finished with the corset, he told her to sit on the bed.
     Next there was a pair of red rubber stockings.  Richard had to
almost roll them onto her.  They were very tight, and the upper edge
was touching the innermost corner of her thigh.  Calmly and
efficiently, he attached the garters to the stockings.
     Jennifer was starting to become hot in this outfit, and it had
nothing to do with sex.  Only her groin, arms, neck, and head were
open to the outside world.  The rest was encased in the firm, tight
rubber.
     Now Richard dug in her closet.  He found the red shoes that she
had worn before with the hobble dress.  Grabbing two padlocks from
the collection here, he locked over five inches of red stiletto heel
onto each foot.
     Rubber gloves were next.  These were not the elbow length ones
that she remembered.  Instead, these went up to her armpits.
     Sweat was forming on her brow now.  Jennifer let out an
involuntary cry as she saw the next item that he had for her to wear.
     It was a chastity belt.  It looked identical to the one she had
been wearing... but this one had an additional feature.  On the strap
that went between her butt cheeks, there was now a red rubber butt
plug there.  Richard had her stand up as he locked it around her
waist.  Then he liberally applied lubricant to the plug.
     The plug was the first thing in.  "Please, no!" she begged of
him as he started to slide it into place.
     "Do I have to think of something worse?" he said with a raised
eyebrow.  This implied threat reduced her to whimpering as the plug
slowly slid into place.
     The last couple of inches went in quickly, as the narrower base
of the plug was thrust inside of her.  He pulled the front phallus
inside of her.  The rubber warts in the breast cups must have excited
her sexually, because the dildo slid into her easily.
     He locked it in front, and Jennifer felt the belt cutting in
tightly, thrusting the two rods into her.  She felt more nubs above
the front dildo, that came dangerously close to tickling her clit.
     Jennifer was sweating profusely now, but the only place it was
visible was on her face.  Richard went to her closet and pulled out
the red hobble dress of several nights before.
     "I'll bake!" she said as he unzipped it.
     "I'll turn on the cooling system," he offered.
     With a pathetic look on her face, Jennifer stepped into the
dress.  He zipped it up in back to her neck.  Richard locked the
zipper in place with a small padlock he had in his pocked.  Jennifer
guessed that this one could not be opened with the ring of keys in
her room.
     "There you go," he said.  She looked at herself in the mirror,
and saw the same red version of Morticia Adams staring back at her. 
This time she had a second layer of rubber under the dress.  Her face
was covered with sweat and her hair was limp from the perspiration.
     "Now, you need to attend to the laundry," he said, walking out
of the room.  Jennifer took six inch steps in her stiletto heels,
which was all that the dress would allow.  Even these small movements
of her legs had the phalluses inside of her wiggling around.  And as
she moved, the rubber gave enough for her nipples to be massaged with
every jiggle.
     As she passed her door, she looked in the mirror and saw a bead
of sweat running down the front of her shiny red rubber hobble dress.

     Richard was good in his offer to turn on the cooling.  The
temperature plunged low enough that her nose was cold.  Jennifer felt
that she could survive for awhile, at least.
     He also said that she could stop to drink as often as she
wanted, as long as the chores were done.  She took advantage of this,
but knew that she wouldn't be able to get everything done.  She would
be lucky if half of today's work was finished.
     The plugs and breast cups were also driving her half mad. 
Whenever she closed her eyes, she had visions of being in bed with
Richard and having vigorous, pounding sex.
     After she prepared lunch, Jennifer took a can of soda and
wriggled over to a couch in the main living room.  Richard was also
sitting on the same couch.  Between them there was an open briefcase,
and he was intently pouring over a handful of documents.
     "You know there's no way that I can finish everything today,"
she said.
     He put down his papers and looked at her.  Jennifer's rubber
dress was slicked in spots with perspiration, which enhanced the
gloss even more.  She though she saw a moment of that intense lusting
look on his face, but if it was there, it faded before she could be
sure.  "You have a problem then, I'd say," he said, looking back at
his papers.
     "Then why should I try?" she asked.
     He looked up again.  "That's a rather poor attitude, isn't it?"
he asked.
     Jennifer shrugged.  "I'm really not here to do the chores.  I'm
here to be on display for you."  Carefully, she stood up and started
to twirl around with tiny steps in her stilettos and hobble skirt. 
"Do you like what you see?" she asked.
     She definitely saw the lusting look, she was sure.  But it faded
again.  "I think that you should go back to your chores," she said.
     Jennifer sat back down again.  She felt the tightness of the
dress at her knees and her buttocks as she did this.  "Why?  I'm
right here, for your viewing pleasure," she said.
     Richard stared at her.  "What do you want?" he said, with a hint
of exasperation.
     "I want to know *why*," Jennifer asked.  "I want to know why you
had me strutting around with no underwear, but you wouldn't even
touch me.  I want to know why you have me dressed up like this, right
now, with dildoes and everything driving me nuts while I sweat to
death."  She paused and battled the rubber corset to regain her
breath.  "I want to know why you tied yourself up that one night."
     "I don't want to discuss it," he said.  "You should really
resume your chores."
     Jennifer took a long sip of her soda.  "Does it have something
to do with you ex-wife?  Or your father?" she asked.
     His eyes bored into her.  "How do you know about that?" he
asked.
     "I was a very bad girl last night," she said.  "When I was
prancing around naked, I found some things that you had stashed in
the attic."
     She saw his teeth clench and his hand start to twitch.  "What
were you doing up there?" he asked, with what appeared to be very
genuine anger.
     "I was trying," she said, "to find out something about my
mysterious employer.  This employer who offers me a great deal of
money to dress up for him.  He's so strange that he will turn down
offers of sex with his beautiful housekeeper, even when she's dressed
up.  Even when she's ready and willing to do it, without thinking of
the money.  Even when she looks like a girl right out of his
fantasies."
     Richard shut his eyes and breathed deeply.  Slowly, she saw the
tension fade from his face and hands.  "Do you want to tell me why?"
she asked, softly.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 11

     "'Why?' is never an easy question," he said.
     "Try," Jennifer said as she slicked her sweat down the front of
her rubber dress.  Now there was a watery sheen over her breasts. 
That felt kind of interesting, she thought, as the movement had moved
the rubber warts in her outfit against her nipples.
     Richard took a long look at her shiny slick red bosom.  "Perhaps
I should start at the beginning," he said.
     "My father, Andrew, was very 'into' corsets, rubber, high heels
and the like," he said.  "So much so, that he married a woman that
would cater to his every wish in that regard.  He was fortunate to
have the means to indulge his fantasies.
     "I can remember her clearly," he said, "I must have been, maybe
six.  My parents thought that I was tucked away in bed.  I heard
something, and cracked the door open.
     "I saw my father dressed in rubber from head to toe.  And my
mother wore a black rubber french maid's dress, with long black
rubber stockings, long black rubber gloves, and stiletto heels.  Her
waist was so tiny... later I learned that it was very corsetted.  I
saw them both disappear into their room.  My curiosity got the better
of me.  I snuck out and went to their door.
     "They left their door open just a crack, and I was able to watch
my parents having passionate sex while attired in their kinky
outfits.  My mother was tied to the bed while my father ravished her.
     "My mother passed away two years later," he said.  Richard's
voice started to choke.  "My father was heartbroken.  He cried so
much at her funeral... I had never seen him cry before."
     "I'm sorry," Jennifer said.
     Richard continued as if he did not hear her.  "My father was
never the same man after that.  For almost two years, he went through
the motions of life, with almost no joy or pleasure.  It was during
this time that I discovered my father's collection of pornography,
and his stash of sex toys and kinky outfits.  By the time that I was
ten, I had tried out a dozen butt plugs, walked around in my mother's
high heels, and masturbated to the sight of women in rubber and
heels.
     "Then," he said, "My father started to date again, if that was
the correct term.  He would bring women into the house.  They would
stay a few days to a month or two.  I managed to catch a glimpse of
them on occasion.  They were dressed up like my mother used to. 
But... I never saw the same look of enjoyment on their face.  Later,
I learned that he used his money to attract them, and the girls
dumped him when they had sponged off of him for long enough.  There
were exceptions, but few.
     "I... had oral sex with my first woman when I was fourteen. 
This woman was one of the exceptions.  Named Victoria, she was a
dominatrix.  I spied on them twice.  The first time, she had my
father kneeling down on the floor as she made him lick her boots. 
The second time, he was tied to the bed, blindfolded and gagged.  A
chastity belt was on him.  That was the time that she found me.
     "'What are you doing here?'" she had asked me out of earshot of
my father.  I stammered and stuttered.  'I don't do this for an
audience, only for participants," she said.  Victoria whipped out a
pair of handcuffs and fastened my hands behind my back.  As my father
moaned in his bedroom, she led me to the sitting room.  She sat down,
spread her legs wide, and commanded me to lick her pussy."  Oh, god! 
thought Jennifer.  No wonder he's so far out in left field when it
comes to sex!
     "Victoria repeated that about a dozen times.  Each time, she
would come over and tie my father up.  Then she would come for me and
have me use my mouth to give her pleasure.  She was a very good
teacher, actually."
     Jennifer remembered the time that he had performed oral sex on
her.  It certainly was the best that I'd ever had! she thought.
     "I'm not sure why Victoria stopped coming over.  My father's
next girl was not a dominatrix.  In fact, when I spied on them, she
was always dressed up from head to toe in rubber or shiny vinyl, and
tied to my father's bed.
     "One day, when I was listening through the door, I heard the
phone ring.  After finishing, my father said 'I have to go for a
couple of hours.  I think you'll be able to manage for that long,' he
said.
     "I raced back to my room and waited for my father to leave. 
When I was sure that he was gone, I went back to my father's room and
slowly snuck inside.
     "The woman was there, in a full body suit that covered her from
head to toe.  Her eyes were hidden by the hood, and she was breathing
through a tube in her helmet.  High heels were locked onto her feet,
and the only part of her flesh that was visible was her pussy.  Her
narrow waist was obviously due to a corset underneath the rubber.
     "I'm not quite sure why, but I used Victoria's lesson first. 
With my tongue and lips, I had her squirming against her bonds.  I
heard her moaning through her breathing tube.  Then, when I was done
with that, I climbed up onto the bed and mounted her.
     "I had sex with her three times.  I was fortunate in that there
was a window in the room that would let me see my father's car
approaching.  When I saw it coming, I pulled out and headed for my
room.
     "If my father ever found out about that, he never told me.  And
three years later, he died as well.  There was a pileup on the
highway... and my father did not survive."
     Jennifer closed his briefcase and put it on the floor.  She
tossed his papers onto the top of the briefcase, and wormed over to
him.  She put her rubber encased arms around him, and pulled him
close.  "That must be painful to remember," she said.  He did not
pull away from her.
     Richard nodded, but did not elaborate.  "I was left, just
fifteen years old, with all of my father's money and possessions.  It
was very awkward for me.  I had always had private tutors when my
father was in charge of my education.  My father had named my second
cousin my legal guardian, and he was actually rather nice to me.  He
had his own sizable fortunes and was not interested in manipulating
mine.  He showed up when a legal guardian was needed, but didn't
meddle in my life.
     "I was not exactly the socialite.  I spent my time designing
bondage and fetish outfits, as well as handling the portfolio that my
father left me.  I learned how to do self bondage in some very
elaborate ways.  When I was twenty two, I had the idea to acquire
partial or full ownership in a company that would cater to my
particular tastes.
     "That company was Fantasy Supreme.  The company headquarters and
production facilities are just across town, actually.  However, I was
not and am not the sole owner of the company.  The five men that were
over on friday are the other five stockholders.  We each have about
equal holdings in the company.
     "To tell you the truth, it is not the most profitable company
that I own.  But it seems to be consistent in its balance sheets from
year to year.  In fact, all parts of your maid's outfits and the
rubber dress that you are wearing now came from Fantasy Supreme.
     There was a long pause in his narration.  "What about your
wife?" she asked as she tried to adjust the plugs inside of her
rubber encased body.  All she accomplished was to stimulate herself a
bit more.
     Richard took a very deep breath before answering.  "I met my
wife three years later at the company Christmas party of Fantasy
Supreme.  She was a new hire, and was rather amazed by all that she
was seeing."
     "Susana?" Jennifer asked.  Richard nodded.
     "We talked for the longest time that night.  We had our first
date two days later.  I slowly started to show her the things that
turned me on.  She was hesitant at first, but it didn't take her long
to really get into it.
     "But... I guess that we were two people that saw what we wanted
to see in the other person.  That wasn't clear until we were married,
about two years after we had first met.
     "I tried to let her find her innermost fantasies.  I succeeded. 
Unfortunately, they did not mesh well with mine.  I wanted all of the
trappings of a life of fetish with a great deal of sex to boot.  As
she became more versed in the possibilities, she found herself
adoring the lifestyle of a dominatrix."
     "She constantly wanted to be in charge, while I wanted more
balance in our relationship.  Also, her main pleasure was derived
from keeping control of a man in all ways... which included long
periods of enforced sexual abstinence.  I... did not like that."
     "How do you think that I liked it?" she asked.
     Richard smiled.  "It is one thing to have a chastity belt in
anticipation of a reward at the end.  It is quite another not to know
when or even if your other half is going to relent.
     "Two years after that, we finalized our divorce.  In the end, it
was an amicable parting, I suppose.  She had signed a pre-nuptial
agreement that left her with a comfortable nest egg."
     "That was a year ago.  I have dwelt alone here since then.  I
have been looking... for something to compare to that first year that
Susana and I had together.  The joy of exploration, the closeness,
the trust..."
     This reminded Jennifer of the letter from the personal service
to Richard.  "So," she asked, with her red rubber arms still around
him, "where do I fit in?"
     Richard snorted with a twisted smile.  "Originally, I just
wanted someone to help out around the house and indulge a few of my
voyeuristic fantasies.  I never meant for it to become more than a
business relationship."
     Jennifer rolled her eyes.  "What do you expect?  You put my body
on display, and expect me not to think of sex with the handsome man
who happens to be my employer?  Maybe there's some impropriety, but
dammit, I don't care!  I'm not staying here for the money anymore. 
I'm here because of you."
     Richard stared at her.  "Be careful what you say," he said.  "I
have some very definite and stringent requirements in a companion. 
Most women are rather put off by it, while the remainder seem more
interested in my checkbook than in me."
     "Why don't you give me a chance?" she asked.  "I'm here, right
now, and willing.  No waiting."
     "I... have been burned already.  It is not that easy for me to
believe... that there is someone interested in me for my own sake."
     "You just don't understand," Jennifer said.  "I've never had a
person that really wanted me.  My mother told me day after day how
worthless I was.  Every boyfriend that I had when in school and when
I was out on my own just wanted a live blow-up doll to screw silly. 
Whenever I asked for just a little more, they were gone.
     "The way that you looked at me that night... with that hunger in
your eyes.  That hunger was for me, I'm sure.  I've... never had
anyone look at me like that.  And... well, when you finally did get
to business, you didn't leave me hanging.  Every other boyfriend I
had would get me that close... and be done with it.  Half of them
snored."
     Richard thought about this for a long time.  "I... am not sure. 
I want you to really know what you're getting into.  Remember," he
said, looking her in the eye, "you can leave at any time.  Just say
the word, and I will release you from your contract.  You will of
course be paid the higher wages."
     Jennifer had not thought of the contract in quite a long time. 
By her estimation, she was probably due for three or four thousand
dollars.  "I'll remember that, but I don't think that I will be
taking you up on it."
     "I have to be sure... don't expect our relationship to change. 
I *have* to be sure."
     She looked at him.  "Can you at least drop the pretense of me
being here to do the chores?  You could hire a couple of people to do
all of that much more efficiently than I could do it.  Then you would
have more time with me.  Why don't you just admit that you like to
see me dressed up for your pleasure, and that you really wouldn't
mind throwing me to the floor and taking me right now?  Come on!  Why
don't you do what you *really* want to do with me?"
     "There are some practical difficulties with that," he said. 
"But..."  A smile came across his face.  "There is something that
comes to mind..."




HIRED HELP

Chapter 12

     There was a buzzing in her crotch and anus.  Jennifer moaned and
tossed her head.  Sweat was again rolling down her body, slicking the
front of her red rubber hobble dress.
     She was seated in a leather chair.  The back was low enough that
her arms could both be behind her.  This was necessary because they
were now encased in an arm binder made of matching red latex.  Her
stiletto heeled feet were tied to the legs of the chair, and the end
of the armbinder was fastened to the back legs of the chair.
     Richard had unlocked her outer dress long enough to run a wire
from her chastity belt down and out the bottom of her skirt. 
Additionally, one of her hands in the armbinder was now clutching a
button that she could press.  The wire for this control was strung
out the top of the armbinder.
     Both wires ended in a metal box with an LED readout that she
could clearly see.  '00:49:57' was on the readout.  Every second, the
last number decreased by one.
     This box fed power to her chastity belt through the wire that
ran up her dress.  And the button in her armbinder controlled the
box... in a way.
     Richard smiled at her as she writhed and moaned.  They were in
his den, and he was pretending to do serious work.  But he spent most
of his time watching the wriggling Jennifer in her torture device.
     He had told her the rules.  "You can turn off the vibrations at
almost any time by pushing the button that you have," he had said. 
"And when the time runs out, your ordeal will be over.  The button
will stop the vibrations for ten minutes," he said.  "But if you use
it, *twenty* minutes will be added to the timer.  And you will not be
able to use the button to stop it for five minutes after the
vibrations resume."
     Jennifer gritted her teeth and labored against the rubber corset
that constricted her waist.  Damnit, on this one the dildo *and* the
butt plug both vibrate!  And these things against my nipples are just
icing on the cake!
     She closed her eyes and tried to ignore the clock.  She was
getting closer, closer...
     A wave of pleasure shot out from her overstimulated genitals. 
She kicked out violently, but succeeded only in moving the chair a
fraction of a millimeter.  "God..." she said aloud.
     The vibrations continued, and she found herself overwhelmed. 
"Aaaa!" she said as she pushed the button.
     The vibrations stopped immediately.  She opened her eyes, and
saw the readout on the box.  '00:43:21' it said.  She let out a gasp
when she saw it change to '01:03:21'.  "Oh, god," she said aloud. 
"I'm losing ground."
     She looked over at Richard, and he was grinning widely.  "This
device teaches endurance," he said.
     "Don't you know what I'm going through?" she said.  Sweat simply
ran down his face.
     Richard brought over a glass full of beverage with a straw in
it.  Jennifer drank greedily as he offered it to her.  "Actually,
there is a similar device for men that I've invented," he said. 
"I've tried it out on my self.  Most interesting.  Except that, with
the male version, there is a sensor at the tip of the penis. 
Whenever there is an ejaculation, it has the same effect as you
pushing the button."
     "Has anyone ever told you that you are a pervert?" she said,
between sips through the straw.
     "Repeatedly," he replied.  "But compliments will not get you out
of this.  Only a high tolerance for pleasure will get you anywhere."
     She drained the glass dry.  "I'm still thirsty," she said.
     "I'll get you some more," he said.
     He returned several minutes later with a refill of lemonade. 
Richard also carried a full pitcher of the stuff in with him."
     "What if I can't run it down to zero?" she asked, just before
she sucked greedily on this beverage.
     "Then you will just have to do it again tomorrow," he said,
"until you get it right."
     With that statement, the current flowed into her belt again, and
the torture of pleasure resumed.

     She knew that she had used the button at least eight times. 
Richard kept the lemonade coming as she asked.
     '00:01:07' she saw.  An orgasm was ravaging through her body as
her eyes were fixed on the readout.  "Please..." she said
pathetically.
     '00:00:44.'  She kicked violently against her restraints, but
only succeeded in pulling on her ankles.  She tried to spread her
legs wide, to reduce the pressure on the devices within her, but the
rubber hobble skirt kept her legs tightly together.
     '00:00:18.'  Another one shook her to her very core.  She
twisted violently in her chair, and Richard could see her bosom
heaving against the rubber of the dress and the rubber corset
underneath.
     '00:00:00.'  Finally!  She felt the vibrations within her cease.
 There was a wild, crazy smile on her face as she looked over to the
seated form of Richard.
     "Very good!" he said.  A wave of a very different kind of
pleasure went through her.  Maybe I impressed him, she thought
eagerly.  He walked up and started to undo the restraints that kept
her attached to the chair.
     A few minutes later, the armbinder was gone and the dress was
unlocked.  She stood up and allowed him to unzip her.  She was
surprised to see a puddle of sweat on the floor below her dress. 
Jennifer was surprised that he unlocked the chastity belt and started
to untie the rubber corset
     The inside of the dress was drenched.  And then there was the
other layer underneath.  "Go upstairs and get cleaned up," he said,
after he had removed the corset.  Perspiration was dripping from the
inside of the corset to the floor.  "I'm sure that you would
appreciate a bath right now.

     He was so right!  Jennifer let the jets of hot water massage her
body.  She closed her eyes and felt relief spreading through her
body.
     Her eyes traveled around the bathroom.  She idly rummaged
through a pile of towels that was within reach.
     She felt something underneath the pile.  When her hand emerged,
she was clutching a fetish and bondage magazine.  There was a six
inch wooden ruler being used as a bookmark.  "Wonder how this got
there," she said.  It was an old wooden one that had probably been
there a long time.
     Suddenly curious, she got out of the bathtub and went back to
her bedroom.  She found her black stiletto shoes and measured their
heels.
     "Five and a half," she said aloud.  She then measured the red
heels that had so recently imprisoned her feet.  "Five and seven
eighths."
     She put the ruler on her dresser and returned to the bathtub. 
She dried her hands and idly paged through the magazine.

     Jennifer was drying herself off when she heard her bedroom door
opening.  "Yes?" she said.
     Seconds later, Richard appeared in the doorway of the bathroom. 
She saw that he was wearing a long full length bathrobe that went all
the way to the floor.  "I took the liberty of ordering out for
dinner.  If you would care to join me?" he said.
     "Certainly," she replied.
     "It is a formal dinner," he said.  "You will need to dress
appropriately."
     Jennifer rolled her eyes for the briefest of moments.  "I take
it you've already picked something out?" she said, putting the towel
down.  She was now fully naked, less than six feet away from him. 
But Richard was calm, and there was no burning desire in his eyes.
     "Out here," he said as he walked over to her bed.  She followed,
and saw him holding up what looked to be a one piece bodysuit made of
shiny black rubber in one hand.  Even the stiletto heels were built
right into the outfit.  In his other, he held up a black rubber
corset.
     It took him fifteen minutes to lace the corset onto her.  When
he was done, that familiar constriction around the waist was once
again fighting against her every breath.  "Sit on the bed, would
you?"
     Richard unzipped the back zipper and started to put her left leg
into it.  There was some sort of white powdery stuff on the inside,
and her leg slipped in rather easily.  Jennifer saw that the crotch
on this outfit was open.  She was half expecting some diabolical sex
toy to be inside of it.  No chastity belt... she could feel herself
becoming hot, as she guessed what he might do to her... later.
     Jennifer's left leg was now all the way in.  Richard repeated
the process for the right leg.  "You'll need to stand up now," said
Richard.
     She did, and nearly fell over.  Richard grabbed ahold of her by
her corsetted waist and kept her from falling over.  These heels are
even higher yet, she thought.  They *have* to be over six inches
tall.
     Now he guided her right arm into the sleeve of the outfit.  To
her surprise, she found that the sleeve was bonded to the outside of
the outfit, running straight down her right side.  The sleeve ended
in a thumbless mitten.  Next he put her left arm into the matching
sleeve.  The last step was to zip the outfit up in back all the way
to her neck.
     Jennifer turned around and looked at herself in the mirror.  She
was encased in skintight shiny black, with stiletto heels over six
inches high attached to each foot.  The opening at her crotch
revealed a vagina that was moist and ready.  There was the narrow
waist and very perky breasts.  Her hard nipples were showing through
the rubber fabric.  And her arms looked to be glued to her sides. 
She tried to move them , but only saw the rubber twist some in
response to her efforts.
     Robert put one arm around her waist and guided her out of her
room.  I was just getting used to the other heels, Jennifer thought
to herself.  Then he changes the rules on me!
     Soon they were in the dining room.  A full dinner was laid out
on the table, with a single candle lit in the center of the table. 
"Oh, how romantic," she said.
     "Thank you."  Richard guided her to a chair.  Jennifer gingerly
sat down.  There was enough give in the rubber of her sleeves to
allow her to sit comfortably.
     Richard now took off his bathrobe.  She saw that he was wearing
the tight black rubber pants with the built in sheath for his penis. 
Jennifer remembered what it was like the last time that she saw him
wearing them... and she felt even wetter down at her crotch.
     As he sat down, she asked a question.  "It is gonna be tough to
eat while wearing this," she said.
     "I don't understand," he said, with a hint of playfulness in his
voice.  He picked up her fork and put a bit of the salad on it. 
Carefully, he guided it over to her mouth.  "I think that your mouth
will work just fine, actually.
     Jennifer took it into her mouth and ate it.  "That's good," she
said after finishing her mouthful.
     A long dinner ensued, with Richard feeding her each and every
bite of food and every sip of wine.  He ate off of his own plate as
well.  Jennifer was sweating inside of her outfit, but did not
mention it.  The excitement of the situation was overriding it.
     "What's for dessert?" she asked.
     "Hmmm..." Richard said.  "I must have neglected to order that. 
We'll have to improvise, won't we?" he said.
     He pushed his chair back, but instead of standing up, he knelt
down on the floor.  Within seconds, he had crawled under the table
and had found her dripping vagina with his mouth.
     "Oh, god!" she exclaimed.  She slid down in her chair and spread
her legs wide, to give him better access to her privates.  He was
methodical in his explorations of her.  First, gentle nibbling with
his lips.  Then his tongue started to probe, first up near the top
and only very slowly moving down toward her most sensitive parts.
     "Please!" she said, rocking her hips back and forth.  He was
bringing her close... so close...
     She panted against her corset as he backed off his stimulation
ever so slightly.  "Ooooohhhhh!" she moaned aloud.
     Suddenly, his tongue attacked her clitoris with a vengeance. 
Within seconds, an orgasm wracked through her body.  She clenched her
legs together around his head, trying to get him to stop as she
groaned in pleasure.
     Richard apparently took that in good grace, and brought his
probing tongue back home.  He backed away, and when she next saw him,
he was standing up by the table taking a sip of wine.
     "I thought that our little training session this afternoon was
supposed to increase your tolerance for pleasure," he said. 
"Apparently, it has its limits."
     "That was *wonderful*" she said between pants.  Jennifer looked
at him, and saw that his black rubber coated half-hard penis was
rapidly becoming fully erect.  It stood at attention, and pointed
directly at her.
     "Oh, my," she said, staring directly at it.  When her gaze
returned to his face, she saw that look of lust, that look of
*intensity* returning to it.
     "Am I in trouble?" she said in a girlish tone of voice.  Richard
did not reply, but bent down and picked her up.  She kicked her
stiletto heeled feet in the air feebly as he carried her to his
bedroom.
     Richard put her on the bed, then reached down below the bed.  He
brought out a three foot long bar with a cuff on each end.  With a
quick efficiency, he fastened her legs to the spreader bar.  When he
was done, her legs were held apart at an angle that was a touch
greater than 90 degrees.  "Oh, god!" she said as she felt her groin
muscle start to protest.
     Moments later, he was on top of her, thrusting his hard and
erect manhood into her wet and ready pussy.
     Richard was relentless.  If he ever ejaculated, she did not
notice it.  After her first orgasm, he gave her a few seconds of
pause.  Then, he was back on her, thrusting away.
     "Oh, godohgodohgod!" she screamed against the tightness of the
corset as the second orgasm swept through her.  Richard stopped for
an even briefer period of time before resuming again.
     It was in the middle of her fifth orgasm that the tightness of
the corset finally overwhelmed her, and she passed out.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 13

     When Jennifer woke up, she found herself in her room.  Her arms
were out at her sides, which immediately told her that she wasn't
wearing the rubber bodysuit anymore.
     The light was on in her room.  She opened her eyes groggily and
looked around.
     Jennifer tried to prop herself up on her arms.  It was at this
moment that she realized that she was still wearing the rubber
corset.  The sleeping cuffs with the metal forks were locked to her
wrists... and there was a chastity belt complete with intrusive
vaginal plug.  A moment of moving her hips around revealed that this
one did not have a phallus for her rear orifice.
     She rolled out of bed, and saw that there was a handwritten note
on her nighttable.  There was also a sealed box just inside of the
doorway.  Jennifer picked up the note and read it.

Jennifer

     I took the liberty of preparing you for bed after we finished
our dinner.  You did look lovely last night, in your rubber and
heels.
     I would like to take a moment to explain the controls for your
'alarm clock'.  The readout flashes four numbers.  The first number
is the number of minutes of stimulation that will take place when you
first tuck yourself in for the night.  It is controlled by the first
knob.
     The second number is the number of times that you will be
stimulated during the night.  These will be evenly spaced between the
time you went to bed and the wake up time (9:00 am).  This is
controlled by the second knob.
     The third number is the number of minutes that you will be
stimulated for each time during the night.  This is, of course,
controlled by the third knob.
     The last number is the number of minutes that you will be
stimulate for right before wakeup time.  This is controlled by the
fourth knob.
     The device is made such that you have to have at least 75
minutes of stimulation during the night.  You can set it for more, of
course.  The night that you so hurriedly put it on, it was set for
220 total minutes during the night.  Of course, I might decide to
increase that minimum time, if I am so inclined.
     The box in your room contains your outfit for tomorrow.  You
can, if you like, get ready tonight, but that is optional.
     I look forward to tomorrow.  Sleep tight.

Richard.

     Hmmm... thought Jennifer.  I bet it would really turn him on if
he knew that I wore one of his kinky outfits to bed!  With that
thought in mind, she moved the box to her bed and started to pull out
the contents.
     On top, there was a pair of shoes.  These were made of shiny
black patent, with the same locking closures that were on her other
pairs of shoes.  These looked to be even taller yet.  Jennifer
retrieved her ruler from the dresser and measured it.  "Six and a
quarter," she said.  "When are these things gonna stop going up?"
     Next, there was a black rubber garter belt.  She put that aside
and fished out the next items.
     Black rubber stockings.  These looked like they would go all the
way up to her crotch.  Black rubber gloves were next, ones that would
go all the way up to her armpits.
     And the last item was a maid's outfit.  This one was not made of
vinyl.  Instead, this was made of shiny black rubber.  The skirt was
flared out even wider than her last maid's outfit, and was even more
revealing of her crotch.  This one also had long sleeves and went up
to the neck, just like the other one.  There was no revealing cutout
to show bare cleavage.  But with the skin tight properties of the
rubber, did it matter?
     "Another maid's outfit?" she said aloud.  Then something churned
within her memories.  "Isn't... isn't this what he remembered his
*mother* wearing?"
     Except for the chastity belt...  Jennifer had very strange
feelings about the outfit laid out on the bed.
     If she wanted to turn him on, was there any better way than to
enter his deepest fantasies? a part of her thought.
     Jennifer made up her mind.  She put on the garter belt, then
slowly rolled the rubber stockings up her legs.  When she was done,
she fastened them to the garters.
     The extreme stiletto heels were difficult to manage with her
corsetted waist, but she managed to lock them on.  The gloves took a
while to properly wriggle into.
     Last, there was the maid's outfit itself.  It was not too hard
to zip up herself.  There was a small ring at the top like with the
other outfits.  For completeness sake, she locked it into place with
one of the padlocks in the room.
     I want to make sure that he knows that I'm dressed like this,
she thought.  I should find him and say goodnight.
     It took her intense concentration to walk steadily in the heels.
 She was able to manage, as long as she kept it slow and stayed near
a wall.  The wriggling in her crotch was bearable... so far.
     Jennifer first went to his den.  Richard was nowhere to be seen.
     She was not in the mood to wander the whole house to find him,
especially in her shoes.  So she went directly to his bedroom.  I'll
just wait for him here, she thought.
     Idly, she turned the doorknob, expecting it to be locked, as it
ususally was.  But to her surprise, it opened at her touch.
     The light was on, and she heard faint rustling sounds. 
Gingerly, she poked her head through the opening and looked at side. 
She used latex gloved hand on the doorknob as additional support for
her unsteady balance.
     She saw that Richard had already gone to bed.  But this time he
was wearing something more extreme than she remembered.
     Richard's hands were cuffed above him, connected to the chain as
before.  His ankles were strapped together, and he wore a chastity
belt with a wire going up from it to the box that joined his wrists. 
But this time he also wore a leather hood.  There was no opening for
his eyes in the hood.  There were two holes for his nose, and a very
small hole where his mouth should have been.  At the moment, there
were no vibrations coming from his belt.
     He can't see me... thought Jennifer.  That means I can't show
off my outfit to him!  Damn!  But... I could poke around and he'd
never know!
     With a new purpose, Jennifer walked into his room, still
unsteady in her heels.  She stopped near his bed and looked down at
him.
     A muscular, hairy chest heaved and hissing noises came through
the holes in his hood.  Strong legs idly twitched against their
bindings.  Just watching him makes me wet! Jennifer thought.  The
vaginal plug in her chastity belt was now starting to get to her.
     She tore her eyes away from him and slowly walked around the
bed.  With care, she made her way towards one of his closet doors.
     This one had only mundane clothing, like business suits, shirts,
pants, and the like.  Jennifer slowly closed the door and made her
way to the other one.
     The light was off in this closet as well.  Jennifer found a
lightswitch and turned it on.  God!  Jennifer thought to herself. 
What a collection.
     This was a huge walk-in closet some twenty feet deep and ten
feet wide.  There was a row of dressers down the middle of the closet
that almost split the room in two.
     All along the outside walls, there were kinky outfits on
hangers.  Most of them were made of rubber, with some vinyl and some
leather as well.
     Jennifer walked over to the nearest one and pulled it from the
wall.  This was a pair of blue rubber pants with a matching shirt. 
She put it back into place and looked at the next one.  This one was
a black leather straight jacket.
     A bit overwhelmed, she turned her gaze to the other side.  She
grabbed the nearest thing that she could.  This was a red rubber
hobble dress, just like the one she had worn herself.  But... this
one was too big for her.  It would actually fit Richard quite well,
now that she thought of it.
     This surprised her.  She put it down and examined the clothes on
this side of the closet.  As she examined them more closely, she saw
that it was all kinky female clothing that seemed to be sized to fit
Richard.  The opposite side seemed to consist of male style clothing
made of kinky materials.
     Jennifer next made her way over to one of the dressers in the
room.  Arbitrarily, she picked the top drawer and opened it up.
     She found several pairs of shoes here.  They varied from what
she guessed was five inches to almost seven inches in height.  Most
of them had similar locking closures to the ones that she wore now. 
They were also sized to fit Richard.
     Jennifer went to the next drawer down.  Here she found several
corsets.  Some were satin, some were rubber, and one was leather. 
These, too, would have fit Richard just fine.
     Jennifer closed that drawer and leaned against the dresser.  He
dresses up like a woman? she thought.
     No, that is not exactly true, she thought to herself.  He
dresses up like a *kinky* woman.  He doesn't seem to have any normal
female clothing.
     Why would he have all of this stuff? she wondered.  He must
dress up in it.
     The fact that Richard had probably experienced all of what she
was experiencing made her feel better, actually.  He must *like*
dressing up like that, or he wouldn't have that much of it, she
thought.  Half of his kinky closet is like that.
     With that running through her mind, she exited his closet and
closed the door behind her.  Just as she was walking by his bed, his
chastity belt started to vibrate.
     I wish it was me on top of you now, Jennifer thought as he
slowly started to move his hips in response to the stimulation. 
Fearing that she would be discovered, she made her way to the door
and closed it behind her.
     Within minutes, she was sitting on her bed.  "How should I set
this thing?" she wondered, idly toying with the knobs of her alarm
clock.
     She finally decided to reduce it from its previous settings, but
not to minimum.  "Twenty minutes initially, twenty minutes at the
end, and four in the middle fifteen minutes each," she settled on.
     Jennifer turned off the lights, then positioned herself on the
bed.  She plugged the cord into her belt, then plugged her cuffs into
the metal box one at a time.
     Her chastity belt came to life the instant that the second cuff
was plugged in.  "Oh god!" she said aloud as the belt brought her
higher and higher.  She had been hot from watching Richard in his
room.  It wasn't taking much more right now.
     Did I set it for too long? she wondered as an orgasm ripped
through her less than ten minutes after she had locked herself in
bed.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 14

     Again, she found herself walking through the clouds.
     Jennifer looked down, and saw that she was wearing impossibly
high white stiletto heels... and nothing else.  The ground below
looked so far away... like a view from an airplane.
     There was a gust of wind, and she nearly lost her balance. 
Somehow, she stayed upright in her footwear.  In front of her, a
large fluffy cloud was being moved by the winds.  Standing on it, she
could see a man...
     "Richard!" she cried out.  She tried to run, but her foot
twisted underneath her.  She grabbed ahold of a nearby cloud and
managed somehow to right herself.
     She looked around frantically.  The cloud that had carried
Richard was now quickly receeding.  A moment later, it was only a
pinprick on the horizon.
     "No!" she screamed aloud.  As she struggled to move, two green
birds with red feathers around the eyes started to circle above her.
     "Not yet!" one of the birds cried out.
     "Don't fall!" the other one screeched.
     Jennifer let go of her cloud and tried to step forward. 
Somehow, she managed it.  But her second step put her shoe into a
river far below her.  She could feel the silt of the river sucking
her down, and she started to fall...
     The two birds dove down onto her shoulders, and flapped their
wings with a great effort.  Slowly, they pulled her up and her shoe
was freed from the river.
     The birds stopped flapping as she righted herself.
     "You are not yet ready," one of the birds said to her.
     "Don't run when you can't walk," the other one said.
     "Ready?" she asked back.  "When will I be ready?"
     "You will see," said the first one.
     "We will help," said the other one, with a wink.
     The two of them took off with a sudden wingstrokes.  She watched
them as they flew to a nearby cloud and tore pieces of it out with
their taloned feet.
     They flew overhead, and dropped their cloudy burdens onto her. 
They were shaped like something...
     She was now wearing a dress made of clouds.  She looked down and
saw the long wide flare of her misty skirt.  It went down all the way
to the earth.  And behind her, there was a veil of vapor thin ice
crystals that trailed magnificently behind her.
     The two birds landed on her shoulders again.  "It's a start,"
one of them said.
     The other bird ruffled its feathers.  "It's the *end*!" it said,
as it stared at the first bird.
     Then a buzzing started in her crotch, and the realm of clouds
and dreams faded away.

     Jennifer was already twisting her hips as she returned to
reality.  The throbbing in her vagina had already made her juices
start to flow.  She clenched her gloved hands and struggled in her
rubber outfit, trying to gain some control over the buzzing in her
crotch.
     It relentlessly sent her upwards.  She labored against her
rubber corset and kicked her black rubber legs into the air. 
Jennifer's stiletto heeled feet twirled around as she came nearer and
nearer to culmination...
     "Ooooh!" she exclaimed as she reached her peak.  She arched her
back slightly against the rubber corset as the pleasure went on and
on and on...
     The buzzing died before she had another climax.  She heard the
familiar metallic click from her wrists that indicated that she was
free of her bed at last.
     Jennifer spent several minutes laboring for breath against the
corset as she recovered from her 'wake up call'.  When she finally
recovered, she rolled out of bed and unsteadily walked to the
bathroom.
     She inserted the key into the bottom of her chasity belt,
separating the bottom section so that she could take care of her
bodily functions.  When she was done, she was still wet enough to
easily slide the phallus of the chastity belt back into place.
     She got up and washed her hair in the sink.  It was a strange
feeling to scrub her hair with rubber gloved hands.  Jennifer toweled
it dry and ran a comb through it.
     "Sure doesn't look very nice," she said aloud.  But somehow, she
didn't think that Richard would really notice her hair today.
     On the way out of her room, she stopped to look at herself in
the mirror again.  Six and a quarter inch black patent shoes were
locked to her feet.  She was wearing long black rubber stockings that
went all the way up to her crotch.  She could see the garters that
held them up.  The bottom of the chastity belt was visible below the
crinoline.
     The black rubber of the skirt must have extended out over two
feet in all directions.  It was held up by some very stiff red
crinoline that could be easily seen if she was bent over in any way.
     The black rubber of her maid's outfit was very tight around her
waist.  She was naturally a twenty six inch waist.  What am I now,
maybe a twenty one? Jennifer wondered to herself.
     The corset also pushed her breasts up and out.  The tight clingy
rubber of the maid's outfit showed her erect nipples as a pair of
dainty points on the tips of her breasts.  The rubber continued
upward, and ended at the top of her neck.  The shiny black rubber
continued down both arms.  When the rubber of the maid's outfit ended
at her wrists, the latex of her gloved hands took over.
     "I could stop traffic on the expressway!" she said as she
twirled around in front of the mirror.  This moved the phallus inside
of her around, and she was surprised with the intensity of the
sensations.
     "That was interesting," she said as she grabbed hold of a
bedpost.  A few moments later, she headed out of her room and made
for the kitchen.

     Jennifer had just finished making breakfast when Richard walked
in.  "Good morning," she said as she carried two plates over to the
table.  She had to concentrate intensely to carry anything while
wearing the six and a quarter inch high stilettos.
     Richard looked at her from head to toe as she brought breakfast
to the table.  "Good morning, Jennifer," he said.  She saw that he
was not fully dressed as he normally was.  Instead, all he wore was a
pair of rubber shorts that concealed his groin.
     "I dressed up last night," she said, almost proudly.  "I wanted
to show you... but you had already gone to bed for the night," she
said, with a hint of disappointment in her voice.
     "You forgot to turn the light off in my closet," he said.
     Oops!  "I'm sorry.  I... curiosity got the better of me.  I
shouldn't have," she said.
     "No, you shouldn't have," he said as he started in on his
breakfast."
     Several minutes passed with only the sounds of clanking
silverware and dishes.  "Richard... are you going to punish me?" she
asked.  He seems to enjoy that so much, she thought to herself.  I
hope he does and gets himself so stiff..."
     "I'm not sure yet," he said.  "I have to think of something...
appropriate."
     "I see," she said, sipping on her juice.  She finished it off
before asking her next question.  "Why do you have so much of your
kinky stuff... in dresses and women's stuff?" she asked.
     Jennifer did not see him become upset at all at the question. 
He swallowed before answering.  "Well, it has to do with a long
period of living without any companionship," he said.  "I prefer to
see a woman dressed up, but when that wasn't available, I did it
myself.  And I was very curious about how it would feel.  Why should
women have all the fun?" he said, with a smile.
     "I see," she said.  Should she press her luck? she wondered. 
"When was the last time that you dressed up like that?" she asked.
     Richard studied her for a long moment.  "My, you are brave
today," he said.  "Especially with your snooping around last night." 
Jennifer just smiled and shrugged.  "Actually, it was a month and a
half ago," he said.
     Jennifer was thinking of her next question when Richard finished
up his food and wiped his face.  "I think I have decided upon your
punishment.  However, it may have to wait for tomorrow.  You have a
temporary reprieve."
     She wasn't quite sure if she was relieved or disappointed to
hear this.  "Get everything you can done by three," he said to her. 
"I will be in my den.  I have a large number of phone calls to make."
     "Why three?" she asked.
     "We have a wedding to go to," he said.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 15

     "Can you explain why we are going to a wedding?" she asked.  "On
a Sunday night?"
     "It's not exactly a wedding, actually," he said.  "It is a
renewal of marriage vows.  It is their anniversary, and it
coincidentally happens to fall on a Sunday this year."
     This answer did not satisfy her, but she decided to change
tactics.  "Who is getting married?  Or getting renewed, anyway?"
     Richard led her over to the ring of keys in her room and
unlocked her maid's outfit.  "You have actually already met the man. 
Henry and his wife Vicki are going to be the guests of honor," he
said as he unzipped her black latex french maid's costume.  Richard
next unlocked her shoes and detached the garters from her rubber
stockings.
     "I bet you already have something picked out for me to wear,"
she said.
     "That's one way to put it," he said as he unrolled her rubber
stockings down her legs.  "In fact, you are to be one of the
bridesmaids."
     She was confused by that.  "I don't understand," she said.
     Richard had taken everything off of her except for her chastity
belt and rubber corset.  He unlocked the chastity belt and then
started to loosen her rubber corset.  "Don't worry about it.  Just
take a bath, make yourself pretty, and by the time you're done, I'll
have your outfit ready.
     She followed his directions, and sure enough, by the time that
she was done, Richard was waiting there, in her bedroom.  He was
wearing a skintight rendition of a tuxedo done in shiny leather,
complete with leather tie.  Her outfit was laid out on the bed.
     First, Richard picked up a pair of purple thigh-high boots. 
They looked to be made of shiny vinyl, and the heels were at least
six inches high.  They closed by lacing up the front.
     Jennifer sat down on the bed so that he could put them on her
legs.  It took him fifteen minutes to lace them up her legs.  "How do
they feel?" he said.
     She stood up and looked at herself in the mirror.  "Actually,"
she said, taking an experimental step in them, "They seem fine,"  In
fact, they felt like they gave her more support than her stiletto
shoes.  It was a bit less difficult to walk in these, she decided.
     There was only one other piece to the outfit.  It looked like a
frilly purple bridesmaid dress, done in shiny purple vinyl.  It had a
high neck and long sleeves, but there were two small holes in the
front that were about where her nipples should be.
     As she stepped into it, she saw that in the back it had the
lacings of a built-in corset.  Sure enough, her nipples protruded
through the holes in the dress.  As Richard slowly tightened the
corset, she could feel her nipples starting to protrude through their
holes.
     "Oh, god!" she said as he tugged his last time.  "How tight is
that?" she asked.
     "Just a touch above twenty inches, when fully closed," he said. 
"It is fully closed now."
     Jennifer looked at herself in the mirror now.  Purple vinyl
extended from her neck to the floor, with long sleeves.  Her breasts
almost seemed to be bursting out of the outfit through the two small
holes in the front.  The corset gave her an ever so tiny waist, which
was emphasized by the flare of the full skirt below.
     "Let's go," he said, offering his arm for her.  She took ahold
of it, and accompanied him out of her bedroom.  No chastity belt, she
noted mentally.  Maybe tonight...

     There was a limousine waiting out front.  "Don't worry about the
driver seeing you," Richard said.  "He's from Fantasy Supreme."
     "If you say so," she said.
     Richard guided her into the huge back seat first, then sat down
beside her.  As he shut the door behind them, the limousine started
to slowly move.
     Jennifer slowly moved her hand over to Richard's leather covered
crotch.  "Can we play on the way there?" she asked.
     Richard shook his head, but did not jerk her hand away.  "He's
less than fifteen minutes away.  I would really rather not."
     Jennifer sighed against the tightness of the corset that was
built into her vinyl dress.  "All right," she said, but she did not
remove her hand.  She left it there, moving it ever so slightly, for
the entire trip.
     Her efforts were rewarded as she felt his penis slowly hardening
on the way there.  By the time that they stopped, it was as rock hard
as she had ever felt it.
     Richard seemed to be moving a bit uncomfortably as he exited the
limo.  He offered his hand to assist her out of the car.
     Jennifer saw that they were at yet another mansion.  The sun had
nearly fallen, and a cool breeze that swept by put goosebumps on her
exposed nipples.
     Richard escorted her up the path that led to the front door.  He
knocked on the door, and it opened almost immediately.
     "Come in," said a woman dressed in a satin french maid's outfit.
 It was very similar to the one that she had worn, Jennifer noticed. 
She wore five and a half inch stiletto heels and fishnet stockings. 
The skirt of her outfit dropped lower than Jennifer's, but was just
as wide.  She guessed that there was a corset underneath it.  The
outfit did not go up her neck, but stopped a bit below that.
     Richard helped her through the doorway.  Jennifer immediately
saw that there was a second woman dressed almost identically to the
first.  However, this woman was nearly five inches taller in height.
     "You can follow me," this one said in a lower, huskier voice. 
They followed this satin french maid through the hallway and gestured
for them to go through an open double doorway.
     The maid turned and walked back where she came from.  "Henry and
Vicki have two very talented servants," Richard whispered to her as
they walked forward.  "The one that first greeted us is Becky.  The
one that led us here is Arnold."
     "Arnold?!" she said with an excited whisper.  "That was a man?!"
     "Indeed," he said.  "In fact, if I'm not mistaken, Becky and
Arnold were married themselves a couple of months ago."
     Jennifer's brain did not know how to handle this information. 
She was so confused that it took her a few seconds to start looking
around the large ballroom that they were now in.
     Three large crystal chandeliers illuminated the long rectangular
hall.  Jennifer and Richard had entered at one end of the hall. 
There was a long red carpet ahead of them, which ended at a small
raised platform.
      Soft music was playing in the hall.  Jennifer could see that
there were two tuxedo clad men standing near the end of the aisle on
one side, and two similarly dressed women on the other.  "It's
already started," he said.  "I'll show you to your place.  Remember,
stand still and be quiet.  For me," he said, looking into her eyes.
     "For you, " she repeated, looking back.  She kept looking at his
beautiful eyes and supported herself against him as they traveled
down the aisle.
     He stopped, and she turned to see where they had ended up.
     To her right, there were two women that she did not recognize. 
The one furthest away was no older than she was, while the nearer one
was perhaps in her mid thirties.  Both were dressed as she was, in
the purple vinyl bridesmaid dresses, complete with holes for the
nipples and built in corsets.  From their height, she guessed that
they were wearing similar high heels.  They both looked at her, but
were standing still and at attention.
     In front of her, there was a metal pole built into the floor. 
It came up about two feet, and then ended in a rectangular metal
block.  Two dildoes protruded upward from the block, just inches
apart, and there was something on the block between the dildoes.  It
looked like both phalluses had been well lubricated.
     Jennifer gave him a questioning, somewhat alarmed look.  "Just
like the red dress," he whispered.  "You can do it."  This *is* just
his kind of kinky thing to do, isn't it! Jennifer thought.  He'd
*better* appreciate this!
     Jennifer lifted up her dress and turned around.  She moved so
that her crotch was right over the two phalluses.  Carefully, she sat
down, letting both of them find an orifice.  "All the way," she heard
him whisper.
     Finally, she was all the way down on the two dildoes.  They felt
cool, and slid inside of her more easily than she could have believed
possible.  The feel of the dildoes was starting to make her hot. 
When she was done, the flesh between her pussy and anus was now
touching the cold rectangle of metal.  She was surprised to hear the
low hum of a mechanical device.  To her surprise, she felt the pole
underneath her start to slowly move up.
     Jennifer shot him a panicked look, but Richard smiled
reassuringly at her.  The dildoes could not go any further into her,
because the metal plate acted like a very narrow seat for her.  She
kept going higher and higher and higher...
     It stopped only when her legs were fully extended out underneath
her.  If she unbent her knees at all, she felt her weight start to
concentrate uncomfortably in that tiny region of flesh that touched
the metal.  As she was already standing in her tiptoes in these six
plus inch stiletto heels, there was no way that she could get the
dildoes out of her.
     I'm stuck here, she thought to herself.  Richard, still smiling,
took a place across from her, some fifteen feet away.
     By the time that this was done, the next procession had come
down the aisle.  But this was not a couple.  Instead, it was just one
person in a bridesmaid dress like her own, being escorted by Becky
the french maid.  But the nipples poking through the holes in the
bridesmaid dress looked fake, somehow.  The corset looked to be very
tight around the waist, but the final figure was not that dramatic. 
And the face...
     It had enough stubble that she knew that it had to be a man. 
And... it looked like one of the men that Richard had over that
friday night... John!
     There were two poles with dildoes left her right side that were
not occupied.  Becky did not lead him over to the poles.  Instead,
she unscrewed the front dildo from its socket, and replaced it with
something resembling a penis sheath that would stick out horizontally
instead of vertically.  After she had done this, he picked up his
dress and turned around.  Jennifer could see that he wore matching
purple patent boots that had heels at least as high as her own, if
not higher.  John rolled his eyes at Jennifer briefly, sighed, and
slowly sat down on the rear dildo.  When he was done, Becky reached
under his dress and guided his penis into the sheath that now was a
part of the device.
     Just as had happened to her, the pole started to raise up.  As
this was happening, Becky turned and walked back up the aisle. 
Jennifer noticed that there was no one standing across the aisle from
him.
     Let's see... Jennifer tried to remember the names of the people
here while she shifted and tried to find a more comfortable way to
stand.
     The first man was Collin, the young man that she had remembered.
 He stood across from the woman that was Jennifer's age.  Then there
was Ben across from the woman in her thirties.  Then Richard of
course, looking at her as she fidgeted.  She felt herself actually
blush at the attention.
     On my other side is John, the bridesmaid.  That leaves... she
wasn't able to remember the last one.
     A couple walked down the aisle.  The name Adam came to mind.  A
woman in her late twenties held his arm and traveled down the aisle
with him.  She was dressed as the rest of the bridesmaids.  She
seemed to be walking unsteadily in her footwear.
     Adam guided her to the last empty double dildo pole, and helped
her get on it.  That one too raised up, and made her stand up at
attention as Adam took up a place across from her.
     The music changed to a wedding march.  Jennifer looked towards
the entrance, and saw a pair that was very slowly traveling down the
aisle.  Jennifer looked the other way, and saw that Arnold, the very
convincing transvestite french maid, was standing on the platform
waiting for them.
     A low hum started in the dildo in her vagina.  Jennifer looked
over to Richard.  He only put his finer to his lips and shook his
head.
     The vibrations grew in intensity as the couple made its way down
the aisle.  She thought that she heard vibrations coming from both
sides of her, as well.  Jennifer looked at the woman on her left, and
saw that she was clenching her teeth.  John on her other side was
fidgeting and twisting back and forth, setting his vinyl skirt
swaying.
     Jennifer was having a very hard time staying silent and keeping
still when the bride and groom walked by.  The groom was wearing a
metal studded leather collar, shiny black leather gloves, and a pair
of black leather shorts.  There was a hole in his shorts, and his
erect penis was standing out at attention, with a slight upward
angle.  In his hands, he held a chain that connected to a leather
collar around the bride's neck.
     The bride caught Jennifer's attention.  There was a very filmy
white veil over her, but it was so translucent that Jennifer could
make everything out underneath it.  The bride was wearing a white
leather harness around her head that had a built in leather blindfold
and a gag.  Below that was a white leather posture collar that kept
her from slouching her neck.
     She wore a brassiere, of sorts.  It consisted of two strips of
leather about three inches wide that tightly circled the base of each
breast.  They were held in place with straps around her back and her
shoulders.  Each nipple was pushed against a small metal ring that
was held tightly in place by four chains that connected to the
leather breast wrap.
     At her waist, she wore what was either a very wide white leather
belt, or a very narrow white leather corset.  It looked to be cinched
very tightly, and there was a noticeable bulge of flesh both above
and below it.  At both sides of the belt, there were wide white
leather arm cuffs attached.  The brides wrists were firmly restrained
there by the cuffs.
     From the front, the bride looked to be wearing a white leather
hobble skirt that extended from waist to floor.  But as she passed,
Jennifer saw that almost all of the back was cut away.  There were
buckling straps in back at the waist, at the knees, and at the
ankles.  But other than that, her entire backside below the waist was
open for viewing.
     Jennifer also saw that the bride was wearing white patent shoes
with over six inch tall heels.  Her backless leather skirt was
buckled so tightly that she could only step three or four inches at a
time.  So that's why she was taking so long, Jennifer thought. 
Jennifer also noticed a strap that went through the bride's butt
cheeks, that did not seem to be a part of the skirt.  Jennifer
concluded that the poor girl was probably wearing a chastity belt
under all that, as well.
     The two of them slowly marched by as quickly as the bride could
inch along.  Behind the bride, tending the bride's long veil, was the
french maid Becky, in her black satin uniform and black stilettos. 
She now had a cord around her throat that had a key on it.
     The trio finally stopped in front of the platform.  The
vibrations in her groin were becoming unbearable.  Just as Jennifer
shifted forward enough to get the vibrations away from her clitoris,
the one in her anus started to quiver ever so slightly.
     "Dearly belusted," the pastor/french maid said.  The voice was
either that of a high pitched man or a low pitched woman.  "We are
gathered here today for a joyous event.  We are here witness the
joining and coupling of this man and woman.  Look, all, and witness
the bonds of attraction that join the two of them.
     Bonds of attraction.. oh god! Jennifer had to stifle a moan and
clench her teeth.  She looked over and saw that Richard was grinning
at her like a fiend.
     "Witness her bridal finery!  Is she not an object of lust?  And
witness his fine show of manhood!  Does he not lust for her?"
     The male french maid looked down at the two of them.  "Let us
recite our vows, and take them to heart.  You, Henry, do you take
this woman..."
     "Yes!  Anytime!  Anyplace!  As often as possible!" the groom
blurted out.
     "I'm not done yet," said the pastor/maid.
     The four assembled men chuckled.  None of the girls (or John)
chuckled at all.  Jennifer assumed that they were trying to keep the
fires in their groin at bay.
     "As I was saying," continued the pastor, in his satin maid's
outfit, stiletto heels, and fishnets.  "Do you, Henry, take this
woman, Vicki, to be your wife and slave?"
     "I do!"
     "And do you promise to use her as you will, to express your lust
and your deepest fantasies with her, and bring her pleasure like none
seen before on earth!
     "I do!"
     "Vicki, I would also ask you to recite your vows, but you cannot
right now.  So I will recite them for you."
     "I, Vicki, promise to be a willing and sexy companion for Henry.
 I will dress to keep him as horny as humanly possible.  I promise to
couple with him as frequently and as frantically as the limits of my
flesh allow.  And I promise to bring him pleasure like none seen on
this earth before! Grunt once if you agree."
     There was a single grunt from the bride.  Jennifer was
frantically clutching at her dress with her hands, trying to stay
under control.  She was sure that her juices were dripping down the
pole and were now probably pooling on the floor.
     "Is there a key for the bride?" the pastor/maid Arnold asked.
     "There is," said the french maid Becky.  She took it off of her
neck and handed it to Henry.
     "You may disrobe the bride," the pastor/maid instructed.
     Henry threw back her veil and quickly unbuckled her hobble
skirt.  As it fell to the floor, Jennifer saw that she had guessed
right.  The bride wore a white leather chastity belt under the
backless hobble skirt.  Eagerly, he put the key into the heart shaped
lock in the front of the belt and removed it from her.
     "You may now take the bride," the pastor/maid Arnold instructed.
 "And the assembled masses can now voice their pleasure at the
event."
     Almost in unison, the five purple dressed women and one man let
out groans and moans of pleasure.  Henry had already lowered his
bride to the floor and was now frantically thrusting away inside of
her.
     "Remember, guests!" said the maid/pastor.  "No fornicating on
the grounds except for the bride and groom.  If you truly must,
please leave.  Of course, you are all welcome to witness the blessed
event for as long as you like."
     Jennifer saw the older gentleman Ben go over to his companion
and bodily lift her off of the dildoes.  The woman staggered as Ben
eagerly led her out the door.
     All the others left except for Richard and the male bridesmaid
John.  He was grunting and groaning in his predicament just as
desperately as Jennifer was.
     There's no one to let him down, Jennifer thought.  She looked
over to Richard, who, Jennifer thought, should have taken her off of
her stand and hauled her out to the car.  But instead, he just stood
there and smiled as the two vibrating phalluses brought her made her
scream as she reached an orgasm.  Maybe that was a bad idea, Jennifer
thought as the tightness of the corset affected her after her
screaming orgasm and made her head swim.  She felt herself starting
to fall...
     And felt Richard's strong arms catch her bent torso.  He
straightened her out, then lifted off of her double dildo restraint.
     Jennifer did not actually pass out from the experience, but felt
lightheaded.  She staggered along in the heels that were impossible
to walk in now.  She caught a glimpse of the bride and groom still
going strong as they left.  The two maids were nowhere to be seen as
Richard pulled her into the limousine and closed the door to the
vehicle.
     The lightheaded feeling was almost gone after just a minute of
riding.  "So," she said to Richard.  "We're no longer on the grounds.
 Is fornicating allowed now?"
    He smiled at that as he unzipped the fly on his leather tuxedo
pants.  "Driver, take the scenic route back," he said.  Richard threw
up her dress, and even with her soaking wet crotch, she was a bit
startled by the force he used to push her down on the seat and thrust
his rock hard penis inside of her.
     She floated higher and higher as he had his way with her. 
Jennifer felt detached from her body, almost like she was an
observer.  Her chest labored against the built in corset, and her
legs waved their purple spike heeled boots in the air.
     Two orgasms swept through her in quick succession.  She thought
that she felt him ejaculate, but she was so lost in her own
experiences that she just wasn't sure.  Richard paused afterwards to
use his lips and tongue on her exposed nipples.  She felt an erotic
chill pass through her body as he sucked and played with the two
tender points of flesh.
     He now dove below her dress, and she felt him probe her drenched
pussy.  With lips and tongue... he only toyed with her.  For minutes
and minutes, he brought her ever so slowly up to another moment of
ecstasy.
     Jennifer heaved and flailed in her corset.  But Richard was
patient... his tongue stayed just millimeters away from that spot
that she knew would give her release.
     Suddenly, he was thrusting inside of her again.  The intensity
of the long overdue climax, with the tightness around her chest, was
just too much for her.  Jennifer rolled her head and started to lose
consciousness yet again.
     Maybe I'll get to do this with Richard sometime *without* a
corset, Jennifer thought as the last wisps of consciousness fled.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 16

     When she regained consciousness, she found herself on her bed,
back in Richard's mansion.  She was still clothed in her purple vinyl
bridesmaid's outfit.
     "God," she said aloud.  Bits of the pleasure from her sexual
ordeal with Richard were still swimming around her mind.
     "I wonder if Richard is still up."  She rolled out of bed and
used her hands to straighten out her gown.  She was initially
unsteady in her stiletto heeled boots, but she could walk in them
slowly.
     She looked at her form in the mirror again.  "I guess that this
isn't my color," she said.  "And it especially doesn't work with this
shiny stuff."  But then again, Jennifer thought, aren't all
bridesmaid's dresses are supposed to be ugly?
     She walked out of her room, and found that the lights were still
on.  She found Richard in his den, talking financial jargon with
someone on the phone.  He noticed her right as she entered the room.
     Jennifer sat down in a chair and waited.  Richard was naked from
the chest up.  Below the waist, he still wore the leather pants of
his tuxedo.
     She waited patiently for ten minutes or so for him to finish his
business.  "Jennifer?" he said.
     "I woke up," she said.  "You were wonderful.  But... I have a
couple of questions about this evening."
     "I'll answer them if I can," he said.  "Let me write a few
things down first, though."  He scribbled in a notebook for a few
seconds.  "I'm done.  What do you want to know?"
     "Well, the whole vow renewal thing was... bizzare to say the
least."
     "Bizzare?  What else did you think of it?"
     "Honestly, I think that watching Henry and Vicki go down the
aisle did get me hot," she said, "but I'm not really sure.  It's hard
to be objective about that when there is seven inches of buzzing
dildo in your pussy and up your rear.  I also really wished you would
have dragged me off of my little stand before you did."
     "Why?" he asked.
     Didn't I come in here asking the questions? Jennifer thought. 
But she answered anyway.  "I just really wanted you," she said.  "As
soon as you dressed me up, and I wasn't wearing a chastity belt, I
started to hope that... maybe..."
     "I didn't let you down, did I?" he asked.
     "Oh, no!!" she exclaimed.  "But... that's not why I came in
here.  I'm starting to catch on a little.  The thing that I *really*
don't get, was why John was dressed up like a bridesmaid with corset
and heels and all, had a wriggling dildo put up his ass and a
vibrator around his penis, and had to stand there and moan like me."
     Richard smiled at that.  "Ah.  There was no way for you to know
about that.  My guess is that he had not made up with his wife yet. 
As of friday, he was on poor terms with her.  I'm not exactly sure
what about, but..."
     "I'm missing something," she said.  "Then why didn't he just
show up in a leather tux like the rest of you guys and watch the
show?"
     "You've heard me say this before, but 'why' is not an easy
question to answer.  Fortunately, this 'why' is easier than your
last.  I didn't actually want to tell you about any of this... but
that was before we talked about... our personal matters."  Jennifer
nodded, remembering the stories of his childhood that he had told
her.
     "It goes back to when I bought into Fantasy Supreme," he said. 
"When I first bought my shares, I showed up for the monthly
stockholder's meetings.  Very little actual financial business was
discussed at those meetings.  The rest of the time, the other five
men spent their time telling lies about their kinky sexual exploits.
     "The genesis of it all was my idea, actually.  I was the
youngest one of them, the one with the least exposure to others. 
But... that means I had a few original ideas stashed away."  Richard
said that with a broad smile.
     "I suggested that we change the actual stockholders meetings for
Fantasy Supreme to twice a year.  That way, maybe we could at least
do it over lunch or something.  As for the exploits... I suggested a
game to 'prove' some of these exploits."
     "The other five haggled over details, but none of them could
back out.  They had built up their stories so high, and backing out
would have been an admission of failure.  I was gracious, and
suggested that we wait one month before starting the game.
     "Here are the rules as they were, and they are very similar to
the rules we use now.  Each of us initially at that stockholder's
meeting, designed anywhere from two to ten kinky outfits as best we
could.  Some were pretty tame, similar to the outfit that you wore
your first day of work.  Others were more challenging for someone to
wear, like the red rubber hobble dress you wore when you greeted them
all at the door.  A few were even wilder yet.
     "It really didn't matter how many any of us designed them or how
bizarre they were.  We took all of these outfit ideas, and put them
into envelopes.  The envelopes were then mixed.  Each of us drew one,
and the rest were put into storage.
     "We each read the designs that we drew.  It was possible to draw
your own design... I did, actually.  Now that we knew what the outfit
was, we each had to convince a female to willingly wear the outfit in
front of all six of us.  We would do this by meeting on six
consecutive friday nights, one night at each of our homes.
     "The host would have to produce this woman dressed up in the
outfit that he had randomly picked.  She could not be coerced,
indimidated, or threatened in any way.  She had to do it of her own
free will.  We also decided that the woman could not be hired to do
the job."
     Jennifer thought about that.  "What about me?" she asked.
     "We amended the rules later," said Richard.  "I'll get to that. 
But if the host was *not* able to produce a woman in the outfit, he
had to wear it himself!"
     She thought about it.  This game had been going on for how long?
 Several years, at least.  Richard had not had a companion for much
of that time.  "Your closet full of clothes?" she asked.
     "Almost half of the feminine ones were collected as a part of
our game," he said.  "The rest I had made on various whims."
     She thought about that for a while.  "But... what if the outfit
had a plug, or something on the nipples, if you know what I mean?"
     Richard nodded.  "We came up with a list of modifications for
situations like that."
     "What if the host didn't have a girl, and didn't dress up?" she
asked, curiously.
     "We have a 'three strikes' rule," he said.  "Nothing has to be
done if someone wimps out up to twice a year.  People do get sick,
and schedule conflicts arise.  Sometimes a friday night get together
can be moved a few days.  But if someone would strike out three times
in a year, the other five could decide on a suitable action... up to
and including taking all of their Fantasy Supreme stock away and not
inviting them to play any more."
     "That only came up once, with Collin.  He *really* doesn't like
to dress up for us.  He earned three strikes when his luck with women
was down.  But we came up with an alternative punishment.  The rest
of us decided that he would have to go through a solid week locked up
in a straightjacket.  We didn't care how he handled his appointments
or who wiped his ass.  We also randomly checked to make sure that he
was really locked up in it all the time.
     "Collin agreed, and managed it.  He was rather fragrant
afterwards, now that I remember it," Richard said with a smile.  "He
is also a little more tolerant of dressing up than he used to be."
     "What about the rule change?" she asked.
     "Collin actually suggested allowing hired women to dress up,"
Richard said.  "We debated it, and agreed to allow it in a very
limited form.  Essentially, any such agreement must be formally
written up.  The woman must agree to be 'on duty' for 24 hours a day,
seven days a week, for at least a year.  She must also know that she
can walk out at any time with no questions asked.  They also closed
the loophole that I used.  The woman cannot be an employee of Fantasy
Supreme.  I found Susana before that rule was passed."
     "The woman also cannot be under serious financial distress," he
said.  "Otherwise, they might be effectively 'coerced' into staying
because they need the money so badly.  That rule is one reason why I
was leery about you.  I checked into your financial background.  You
were unemployed and a few months behind, but nowhere near the money
problems that I've seen.  You had no mounting credit card debts, your
car was paid off, and no one was trying to repossess your soul. 
Actually, I took care of all of your bill problems and had someone
clean up your apartment.  If you wanted to, you could walk out right
now, debt free, and with a handful of cash."
     Jennifer had already thought about that possibility.  "No.  I'll
stay awhile," she said with a smile.
     "As long as you remember that when your in this house, it's my
rules," he said.
     "I remember," she said.  "But... tonight wasn't a friday night. 
And it wasn't anything like one of your friday night get-togethers,"
she said.
     "Ah.  Another rule change.  We decided to spice things up after
the first year.  Each of us was allowed one 'holiday' during the
year.  More if everyone agreed to it.  During this holiday, the host
was able to make up the rules for the event, as long as he told
everyone about them ahead of time.  It could be just about anything,
as long as the rules were the same for all the guests.  The host did
*not* have to be playing by the same rules.  If someone didn't show,
they had a strike against them.  But if the host made up rules so
insane that no one showed up and played, the *host* had a strike
marked against them.
     "In the case of Henry and Vicki, the rules were that there had
to be a bridesmaid there from each of us, dressed like you are, that
would sit quietly on the dildoes during the ceremony.  If we couldn't
produce one, we had to do it ourselves.  I only have to remind you of
John.
     "In this particular case, the bridesmaid needed to be assisted
off of his or her... stimulator.  I think that Henri and Vicki
probably left John on there for quite some time, actually.  He might
be heading home now, depending upon how long the newlyweds decide to
honeymoon.  John probably would never admit it to my face, but I bet
he enjoyed it immensely.  He just can't bear to do something like
that without being able to blame it on someone else.  His masculine
ego, or something similar.  On a side note, Henri and Vicki trade
roles every year."
     That made Jennifer pause for a moment.  But it was nothing
compared to the pastor!  She decided to ignore it and continue.  "Do
you have a 'holiday?'" she asked.
     Richard looked off into space.  "I did, back when Susana and I
were married.  She even dressed up for me for a year on our fridays. 
Then she started to refuse as she became more and more into her
newfound dominatrix role.  It's not that I wouldn't have done it on
my own... but it was just the heartless, cold way that she treated
me.  It was like the Susana that I knew and loved was swallowed up by
the dominatrix, so utterly that I couldn't recognize the woman that I
fell in love with...  like she was so in love with her new self that
she couldn't see who I was anymore."
     Richard stared off for the longest time.  "I guess that she's
happy now.  From what I understand, she has two loyal slaves now that
positively spoil her rotten.  The ice has thawed some as well.  I
suppose that once she felt confident in her new role, she could show
her real self again.
     "The real mistake was holding on for as long as I did.  I should
have just accepted what she was becoming, given her a kiss, and
cherished the memories for what they truly were.  But I just
couldn't..."
     Richard stopped his soliloquy and put his face in his hands. 
She could hear the distress in his voice as he remembered his
ex-wife.
     "It's all right," Jennifer said.  What should I say? she
wondered.  Is he about to cry or something?
     She remembered an article in one of her magazines that mentioned
that it was very hard to get guys to talk about their true feelings. 
Many of them were scared by deep emotions, and would flee rather than
deal with them.
     I don't want him to flee, or send me away, she thought.  Then
again, this is the first time that a man has opened himself up this
much to me.  I wouldn't know if the article was gospel truth or a
complete crock.
     "We were talking about the games that you six guys play," she
said, changing the subject.  "How did it start for you?  Did you have
a woman back then to dress up for you?" she asked.
     Richard took a deep breath, and uncovered his face.  "Actually,
no.  It was also decided that because I was the one to propose it, I
should kick it off.  I had designed my own outfit, and I had to wear
my own outfit.  I couldn't hire someone to wear it for me, but I did
hire someone to help me get into it and out of it!"
     "Do you still have it?" Jennifer asked.
     "I'm a packrat about things like that.  I think I still have
every kinky outfit that I ever wore."
     "Would you show me?" she asked.  "It would mean a lot to me."
     Richard looked at her.  "I haven't looked at that in a *long*
time.  I think that it is in storage in the basement.
     The basement... I haven't been there yet.  She remembered that
there was one door that she had never been behind.  Richard took her
by the arm and supported her in her towering heels.  Sure enough,
they ended up at the mysterious locked door.
     Richard took a keyring out of his pocked and unlocked it. 
Jennifer watched carefully, and saw that he left it unlocked.  He
flipped on a switch just inside the doorway and the stairway down was
now very well illuminated.  Carefully, Richard guided her down the
stairway.
     They ended up in the middle of a long hallway.  "That way," he
said, pointing to her left, "I have a private bondage dungeon, some
S&M equipment, and two rooms that are unfinished playrooms.  They had
much more use when Susana was here."
     "Shhhh...  we don't have to bring her up," said Jennifer.
     Richard nodded.  "But this way," he said, "I have stored just
about everything that I've had designed, or tried on once, or had
someone her try on once.  Several times I had girlfriends that didn't
work out.  Every time, early on, I jumped to conclusions about the
relationship and had dozens of sexy outfits made up for them."   The
two of them slowly walked forward, and they passed the first of four
doors.  "They are behind this door.  I have them very roughly
organized by size, style, and material... just in case."
     "The next one is unused," he said.  "I'll show you all of these
in detail, but if I did it tonight, we would be down here until
sunrise.  This third door holds apparel of mine that is more
masculine in intent.  The door at the end, where we are approaching,
holds my feminine kinky materials.  I had a number of things made up
in anticipation of one of the guys needing to dress up at the last
second.  Sometimes, they managed to get someone at the last second."
     Richard opened the door and turned on the light.  She was
expecting to see kinky outfits strewn everywhere.  Jennifer was
disappointed to see that the walls were lined with unmarked drawers
of varying sizes.  "How is it organized?" she asked.
     "I use the Richard Hane random access system," he said.  "I
remember where eighty percent of things are.  I search frantically
for the other twenty percent, if I care enough about it."
     Richard guided her to a drawer near the entrance.  "I bet this
is it," he said.  He grabbed the rather large drawer by the handle
and slowly pulled it out.
     Jennifer was surprised to see that the drawer came out almost
six feet.  She saw several items on it, that Richard brought out one
at a time.
     The first items looked like high heeled shoes.  I've seen enough
of those around here, Jennifer thought.  Maybe six inch heels, maybe
less, she thought.
     The next thing that he pulled out looked like a cross between a
corset and a hobble skirt.  As he turned it around for her to
examine, she realized that it served both functions.  It would extend
from ankle to the armpits, and laced up the back.  There were several
buckling straps along each side that would probably restrain the arms
quite nicely against the sides of the body.
     The last item was a helmet.  It had open eyeholes, and
noseholes.  At the mouth, there was a removable gag with a breathing
hole.  On the inside of the gag there was a very short but wide
phallus that would keep the mouth quite open.  All three items looked
to be made of shiny black vinyl.
     "Wow," she said.  "You wore that?"
     "Indeed I did," he said.  "I didn't get into it on my own,
though."
     "How could you sit down in that?" she asked.
     "Sit down?" he replied.  "You must be kidding!"
     Jennifer examined the hobble corset dress.  As she looked at it,
she saw that there was a sheath in the front, where a man's penis
could stick out.  The sheath appeared to be held on only with snaps
and could probably be removed...  Suddenly, an idea flashed through
her mind.  If she only had guts to go through with it...
     "Why don't you bring it upstairs?" she asked.
     "Why?" Richard asked.  "It certainly won't fit you.  Though I'm
sure I could get one..."
     "That's not what I mean," she said.  "I'd like to see what you
looked like that first time," she said.  "It's probably the closest
thing you have to a prom picture," she said.  "Or showing off your
prom dress, as the case may be."
     Richard looked at her for a long second, and she started to feel
uncomfortable with her scheming.  "All right," he said.  "It *has*
been a long time since I've worn this."
     Jennifer carried the shoes and the helmet, while Richard dragged
the corset dress up the stairs.  Richard closed the door behind him,
but did not lock it.
     He led the two of them up to his bedroom.  "What first?" she
asked.
     "Shoes first," he said.  Richard sat on his bed and put the
shoes on his feet.  He walked around for a bit, experimentally. 
Jennifer could see in the mirror that their shoes were about the same
height.
     There was a front busk on the dress, and Richard opened it up. 
"You will need to help me with this," he said.
     It was a challenge, but he managed to wriggle his way into it. 
He ended up standing up, supporting himself against the bedposts with
his arms.  He did some more wriggling while staring at his crotch,
and she assumed that he was getting his penis in the sheath.
     She closed the busks up for him, in front, then began the slow
and laborious process of lacing up the back.  "God, this is a lot of
work!" she said.
     "Now you know how I feel," he said.
     A bit of revenge was flowing through her thoughts.  She spent
close to a half of an hour tightening up everything that she could. 
By the time that she was done, he was laboring for breath himself
against his corset.
     Poetic justice, she thought to herself.  As he stood there with
his hands against the post, Jennifer picked up the helmet and slid it
over his head.  She deliberately did not remove the gag.
     Richard let her put it on and lace it up fully in back.  "We're
not done yet," she said.  Jennifer guided one of his arms into the
straps against his corset.  She buckled his arm to the corset near
the shoulder, just above the elbow, and at the wrist.  Then, she did
the same thing to his other arm, leaving him teetering in six inch
heels without being able to move his feet an inch in any direction. 
From ankle to armpit, he could not bend at all.
     Jennifer saw that he was about to fall, and made sure that he
fell onto his bed.  She managed to push him all the way on his bed,
lying on his back.
     Finally! she thought to herself.  Finally *you're* the one tied
up and helpless!
     The taste of anticipation on her lips was sweet, indeed.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 17

     She heard him trying to talk through his gag.
     Jennifer walked around the bed and looked down at the black
vinyl encased Robert.  He turned his head and looked up at her.  "I
can't hear you very well," she said with a smile on her face.  This
would be fun!  But... I don't really want him to get all pissed off
about this, she thought.
     "Robert," she said.  "You seem to be in a bit of a bind," she
said, smiling at her little joke.  "All those closures and lacings on
your outfit are *so* complicated.  I'm just a dumb woman.  It would
take me forever to figure them out," she said, doing her best blond
bimbo imitation.
     "But, I know you might be getting very upset about this.  I just
want to have a little fun now that you're the one in distress.  I
promise that by morning, I will let you out of it."  She looked down
at him, and could not read the look in his eyes.  "If you *truly*
can't trust me to do this, clench your right fist, and I'll start to
get you out right now.  But if you don't mind going along with your
dirty minded maid, clench your left fist."
     Richard didn't clench either for almost a minute.  "Can't
decide?" she asked.  Finally, he made a fist with his left hand, and
a thrill went through her.
     Jennifer was smiling broadly.  She looked at Richard's bound
form one last time.  He had six plus inch black stiletto heels on his
feet, a very tight black vinyl corset that went from ankles to
armpits, and a black vinyl hood with eye holes, nose holes, and a
gag.  His arms were attached to the sides of the corset by buckling
straps, and could not move from their places.  Out of the middle
front of the corset, a black vinyl penis sheath was erect.  It could
be unsnapped from the corset... something that Jennifer relished the
thought of.  "I have something else for you to think about.  I am
going to get out of this purple vinyl bridesmaid's dress and boots,
and run around the house naked for a while.  That means that I will
be out of uniform, breaking the rules.  Just imagine how you are
going to have to punish me for that!" she said, and gave him a kiss
on his exposed neck.
     Jennifer left his room, walking slowly in the six and a quarter
inch stiletto heeled boots.  She made it back to her room, and
started the laborious process of unlacing herself from her dress and
boots.
     Maybe twenty minutes later, she was free of them.  "Now what?"
she wondered aloud.  "I want to wear something to really turn him
on."  The thought of wearing the black rubber maid's outfit did not
appeal to her, because Jennifer also wanted to surprise him.  "I
could check out his stash downstairs," she said aloud.  Maybe there I
could figure out what would turn him on best.  I'm sure that the
outfits that he designed himself would really turn him on!
     Jennifer walked out of her room, and detoured to Richard's room
before.  "Look!" she said, walking over to him.  "Out of uniform!" 
She scampered out, and went to the basement.
     She opened up the door to the ex-girlfriend's outfits, and
turned on the light.  This one was also row after row of drawers. 
However, there were labels on these drawers, as well as lists of
contents.
     Jennifer slowly walked around the room and surveyed the labels
for themes.  "Let's see, high heels are everywhere, and corsets are
almost everywhere.  I knew that already."  She continued to look, and
saw some other themes.  "Hmmm... it seems that about half of these
say 'hobble skirt', and most of the ones that don't say that say
'tight skirt' instead.  Richard really likes that, doesn't he," she
said.
     That presented Jennifer with a problem.  She wouldn't mind
wearing one, but that would get in the way with what she wanted to do
with Richard.  "Aha!" she said, as she spotted another label.  '6"
shoes, size 8 1/2.  Corset, black, satin, 19" (autocorset ready). 
Hobble skirt, black, rubber.  Full back 2-way zipper.'
     "That's it!" she said, opening up the drawer.  The corset was
smaller than she had worn yet, but she wouldn't have to lace it all
the way up.  She just wanted a skirt that was easy to remove when she
wanted to.
     She pulled out the contents of the drawer.  The shoes had the
familiar locking mechanism that she was used to.  The rubber hobble
skirt fit the description.  It looked that it would fit her very
tightly, but there was a zipper that extended from floor to waist,
with zippers on the top and bottom.
     The corset had her confused.  It would extend from the top of
her butt to the middle of her breasts, with half breast cups and a
high back.  But there were no lacings at all, and no opening in back.
 Instead, in front, there were two metallic strips with metal loops
on the very top and bottom.  Projecting from one of the strips were a
half dozen very short metal rods that ended in hooks.  They looked
like they would enter the other metal strip via a very thin slot in
the metal.  Between the metal strips, there was a very long tongue of
black satin material.
     There was one more thing in the drawer.  This looked to be some
sort of mechanical device, with two electric motors and a pair of
short blunt metal hooks for each motor.  There was an electrical plug
for a wall outlet.
     Something clicked with Jennifer.  "Ah!  The motors will pull the
corset in place, then the little hooks will hold it closed.  This
will be much easier than lacing.  She took her outfit and the device
and ran up to her room.
     First, she put on the shoes and locked them in place.  Her next
project was the corset.  She first had to put the corset around her
body.  Then, she attached the hooks of the corseting device to the
loops on the front of the corset. She made sure that the tongue of
black satin would protect the flesh at the front of her chest from
being caught between the metal strips.  Last, she plugged the device
into the wall.
     There was the whining of electrical motors, but nothing seemed
to happen.  She brought her hands up to the front of the corset, and
found that it was indeed closing slowly.
     Her breath became more and more labored as the motors labored. 
She had to grab ahold of one of her bedposts and pant as the two
metal strips neared each other.  "Wasn't I planning to leave the
lacings open?" she whispered aloud as the machine neared the end.
      "Click.  Clickclickclickclick.  Clickclickclickclickclickclick.
 The motors on the device suddenly stopped.  Somehow, Jennifer
managed to disconnect the machine from her corset and put it on the
dresser..
     She had to rest before putting on the skirt.  She wanted to make
a good entrance, so she left the bottom zipper at the floor. 
Jennifer unzipped the top zipper, and managed to wriggle inside of it
while sitting on the bed.  She stood up, and zipped it up in front of
her.
     The skirt was tighter than she had guessed.  Her feet could only
take four inch steps in the skintight rubber hobble skirt.  As she
made for the door, she saw her reflection in the mirror.
     Locked on six inch patent spiked heel shoes adorned her feet. 
Just above them, an ultra tight shiny black hobble skirt began, and
went all the way up to her nineteen inch corsetted waist.
     This black satin corset was the most extreme that she had ever
worn.  After the machine had done its work, there was no obvious
opening in the corset.  Her ultra narrow waist was countered by a
very full chest.  The breast cups kept the breasts upright and perky,
and the top half of each nipple was visible.
     "This ought to get him hard," she said as she slowly walked out
of his room.

     The heels and skirt were so restrictive, that it must have been
ten minutes before she arrived at Richard's room.  Jennifer was
becoming hot in the crotch with anticipation, and this was without
the aid of any intrusive vaginal devices.
     She slowly opened up his door, and she saw him crane his head
around.  He couldn't see her quite yet.
     "I'm sorry for the wait," she said.  "But I had to get done up
all special for you," she said.  
     When he caught full sight of her, she swear that she saw the
sheath on his black vinyl body corset move.  Jennifer smiled at this.
 "Do you like?" she asked.
     There was a mumbled response from her gagged employer.  Ever so
slowly, she walked over to him.  "I thought that you would appreciate
this," she said breathlessly.  The breathless part was more because
of the corset than by design.
     Jennifer sat down on the bed and wriggled over next to him. 
Richard was on the center of the bed, so that by the time that
Jennifer was next to him, she was entirely on the bed herself.  She
sat down next to his crotch, and angled her lower body towards his
upper body so that he could get a very clear look at what she was
wearing.  Jennifer raised her ankles up and wriggled her shoes around
for him to see.
     "Are you a little excited by this?" she asked as she put one of
her hands on his vinyl sheathed penis.  It barely moved at all. 
"Maybe we'll just have to do something about it.  Slowly, ever so
slowly, she unsnapped the sheath that kept his manhood chained in
place.
     It took her some effort to get the sheath off of his manhood. 
When it was off, she saw why.  His erect penis was bigger around than
the width of the sheath.  He must have been mighty uncomfortable! 
Jennifer thought.
     Slowly and gently, she used her hands to stroke his penis.  It
was rock hard, and hot under her touch.  I'm not going to make it
easy on you, she thought, remembering Richard's teasing tongue.
     Several minutes of gentle stroking left him hard.  She thought
she felt something twitch inside of his black body corset, so she
stopped and grinned at him.  "Close?" she asked.
     His only reply was a groan.  Jennifer wriggled around and
managed to lie down on her front.  Her corsetted and rubber skirted
rear was right next to his head.  She twitched her butt muscles and
wriggled her legs when she knew that he was looking.
     Jennifer leaned over him and brought her tongue into play.  She
licked around the base of his penis, then ever so gently licked the
underside of his penis while holding the base with one of her hands.
     She felt it twitch in her hands.  Semen suddenly shot out of his
intensely erect penis and hit the mirror some fifteen feet away.
     "Christ!" she said aloud as he continued to spew forth his
fluids.  A good amount of it made a mess on his black vinyl corset
dress.  She heard him moan and try to wriggle within his confining
outfit.  But he had designed it too well and all he could do is
rotate his high heeled feet.  I guess this kinky stuff *really* turns
him on, she thought.  I've never even heard of a guy coming that
easily.  As she tried to breath in the corset, Jennifer realized that
'easily' was a matter of perspective.
     "What a mess you've made!" she said in mock anger.  She took the
corner of a bed sheet and used it to wipe the thick fluid off of his
corset.  "What am I to do with you?" she asked.
     Richard's penis started to become limp.  All that she had to do
was wriggle her butt and bring her hobble skirted legs even closer to
his face.  His penis was instantly hard again.  "Again?" she asked. 
"I don't know about this.  I think that you've been a bad boy.  Do
you deserve any more tonight?  Maybe I should just put the sheath on
you and prance around in front of you for awhile.  What do you
think?"
     Richard let out a long, incomprehensible groan.  "Well, if you
put it *that* way," she said.  Let's just see how hot my outfit and
his makes him, she thought.
     She brought her head down on his groin, and brought her lips
down on the underside of his penis, near his base.  She gently
sucked, but didn't move up the length of his penis or use any hard
pressure.
     Jennifer did this for maybe ten minutes, while wriggling her
lower half around in front of him.  She was about to try something
else when she felt a familiar twitching in his penis.
     Another wad of semen was ejected from his penis.  This one only
made it to the edge of the bed.  Again, while moaning in pleasure, he
made a mess of his shiny black corset.
     "I just don't know what I'm going to do with you," she said,
shaking her head.  "No self control at all."
     Jennifer decided to see what kind of limits Richard had.  She
didn't even bother to clean him up.  Instead, she sat back up and
grabbed ahold of his penis.  With full pressure and range of motion,
she used her hand like a piston to stimulate him.
     She had to switch hands, but forty minutes brought three
climaxes.  "Are you sure that you haven't starred in a porn movie?"
she said.  His response was mumbled.  Richard's penis, although
moderately large, did not have the superhuman mass that she had seen
in her two X-rated movie experiences.  And after the third time, it
took her less than a minute of rubbing her rubber clad legs against
his bare arm and stroking his penis to bring it back to full hardness
again.
     "And to think that I've been wasting all of that," she said. 
Jennifer leaned back on the bed, and unzipped her skirt.  She
slithered out of it, showing her bare legs and dripping crotch in
stark contrast to her extreme black satin corset and long six inch
spiked heels.  Moving carefully in her corset, she straddled his
slick black vinyl corsetted body and guided his erect penis into her
wet and waiting receptacle.
     "Ooooh," she said as it slid in.  She gently moved her hips back
and forth against the slick vinyl.  She moved his penis back and
forth inside of her, bringing it up against her aching clit.
     It only took her a few minutes to reach her height of pleasure. 
When she was there, she collapsed on top of him, with his penis still
inside of her, and struggled to regain her breath against the extreme
tightness of her corset.
     She could feel him trying to thrust, but the corset held his
legs and torso rigid.  All he could do was thrash his shoulders
about, clench his fists, and twitch his high heeled feet about.
     At least I can recover between orgasms, she thought to herself. 
Even if I am wearing a corset, I don't have to screw until I pass
out!  She righted herself and looked down at him.  "Is something
wrong?" she asked.
     There was only a short groan from Richard.  Jennifer resumed her
grinding and sliding, and it took her less than ten minutes to reach
orgasm again.
     Again she collapsed on top of him to recover.  He was still rock
hard inside of her.  It took Jennifer longer to recover this time.
     The third time, as she orgasmed, she finally felt him shooting
his sexual fluids inside of her.  She smiled as she collapsed on top
of him yet again.
     "Was that good for you?" she asked as she recovered from this
experience.  Richard moaned a great long moan through his gag.
     "I'll be back," she said as she disengaged from him.  She had to
truly concentrate to walk in the heels with echoes of sexual pleasure
still bouncing around her body.  She went to the bathroom, took a wet
washcloth, and soaked it with warm water.  Jennifer cleaned herself
up, then Richard.
     She was not quite in the mood to continue yet.  So, she returned
to the bed, and wriggled her way back into the rubber hobble skirt. 
"You like me to wear this?" she asked him.  A half erect cock that
suddenly reached a full erection was her answer.
     Jennifer teased the tip of his penis with her fingers for the
longest time.  Then, she unzipped the skirt and found her position on
top of him once again.
     He's going to get no sleep tonight, Jennifer vowed.  But for
that matter, neither will I.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 18

     Jennifer was lying on top of the still bound and corsetted
Richard, almost but not quite snoozing in her own ultratight corset
and heels, when she saw the sun starting to poke through his almost
closed curtains.
     "Morning?" she said, wearily.  Richard's penis was still inside
of her.  It wasn't very hard at the moment, but a bit of grinding on
her part brought it to life.
     There was mumbling from inside Richard's gag.  "Time to let you
out," she said wearily as she slid off of the black vinyl that still
covered his body.  Before starting that, she teetered in her heels
over to the bathroom and cleaned herself up with a washcloth.
     Jennifer walked back over to the bed and started to untie his
arm.  It took her a minute or so to do that.
     Richard immediately reached over and started to work on the
restraints of his other arm.  "Turn your head," said Jennifer.
     He did so, and she unlaced his black hood from his head.  A
minute later, both of his arms were free and he was able to talk for
the first time in hours.
     "Did you have fun?" he said.  She wasn't sure if there was
sarcasm in his voice or not.
     "I would have to say yes," she said.  "You might want to roll
over on your side so I can work on those back lacings."  Between the
two of them, Richard managed to roll over onto one side.  Jennifer
sat down behnd him and started to undo the very tight lacings.  "How
long were you in this thing when you first wore it?" she asked.
     "Not this long," he said.  There was a pause as she worked on
some stubborn lacing.  "You can truly be a devious woman, you know?"
he said.
     "Why, thank you!" she said.  "So, have I been a bad girl?  How
are you going to punish me?" she asked.
     "Oh, I know that I will think of something appropriate," he
said.  "And *long*.  You still have one stored up from when you went
into my closet."
     "Did you like my outfit?" she asked.
     "Yes, I did," he asked.  "I was very surprised to see you in the
corset," he said.  "You managed to figure out how to get into it," he
said.  "I think that I might be able to work the front busks now."
     Jennifer and Richard worked on the corset for a couple more
minutes, then he was free of it.  All that was left was the shoes on
his feet.
     "I'm very tired," said Jennifer.  "And I bet that you are too. 
Can you wait to punish me until we get some sleep?" she asked. 
Richard paused, then nodded.  "How do I get out of this corset,
anyway?" she asked.
     Richard smiled at that.  "There isn't an easy way, actually.  It
requires a very special tool that I'm not sure if I have.  I'll
probably have to have it specially made."
     "Have it made?" she asked.  "How long is that going to take?"
she asked.
     "Oh, when I get around to it," he said.  "Now, go get some
sleep," he said as he handed the hobble skirt to her.
     "Oh god!" she said when she was in the hallway.  Even after
wearing the corset for hours, she still thought that it was *damn*
tight!  "I bet he knows exactly how to open this thing up," she said.
 "This is just his idea of a punishment!"  And she'd probably pass
out even more easily with his style of sex.  It was only because she
was in control of the pace that she was able to function sexually in
the corset for that length of time
     Well, she had asked if he was going to punish her.  It looks
like she had chosen her own punishment.

     She was again walking in the clouds, with her impossibly high
heels and dress made of clouds.  The two green birds appeared,
circling overhead.
     "Beginning!" screamed one.
     "Ending!" screamed the other.
     The two birds dove down onto her, and with several powerful
beats of their wings they blew away her vapory dress.  One of them
grabbed her by the shoulders and lifted her up, while the other tore
at the straps of her shoes with its sharp talons and beak.
     "What?" she said as her shoes fell away.  The birds brought her
lower and lower, closer and closer to the ground.  No, wait, thougth
Jennifer.  That's the ocean that we're over...
     "Take a tailfeather," said the one that was not carrying her. 
It flew next to her, within arms reach.  Jennifer reached out and
plucked a long full feather from the creatures tail.  She tucked it
behind her ear.
     "Remember us," said the one that was carrying her.  "The feather
can help you."
     "Remember!" screechted the free flying one as she was released
from the bird's grasp.  She fell into the ocean with a mighty spash.
     Jennifer found herself in a coral reef, with colors and
creatures everywhere.  She inhaled, and found it to be pleaseant and
fresh.
     A seahorse swam over to her shoulder.  It was less than a foot
long.  "Your prince travels overhead," it said in a squeaky voice.
     Jennifer looked down, and saw that she was no longer human. 
Instead of legs, she now had a long, elegant fish tail.  "I'm a
mermaid," she said with wonder.
     "Hurry, or you will miss him," it said.
     With powerful strokes of her fin, she made her way to the
surface.  As she did, she saw a ship in the distance.  She swam over
to it, and saw Richard at the wheel, as other men scrambled about the
rigging.
     She dove below water, and found that the seahorse was still
there.  "What do I do?" she asked.
     "Sing for him," he said.  "Sing for his heart."
     "Me?  Sing?" she said.  "I want him to stay, not to run in
terror!"
     "Sing," the seahorse insisted.
     Taking a deep breath, she again surfaced.  The ship was slowly
sailing away from her, picking up speed.
     She opened up her mouth, and tried her best to sing.  It started
out ragged, but soon gained an unearthly, hypnotic quality to it. 
The ship continued to receed, so she swam closer and did it again.
     The ship continued to pick up speed, and she knew that she
couldn't keep up with it.  Jennifer saw Richard leaning over the back
of the ship.  He took something and threw it towards her.
     She submerged and chased after it.  She saw it falling towards
the ocean floor... With a desperate burst of speed, she swam over and
snatched it before a lurking octopus grabbed it with a tentacle. 
Jennifer looked in her hand, and saw that she had a steel key.
     The seahorse was again at her side.  "What is it," she asked it.
     "It is the key to his heart," it said.  "But you must find his
heart to use it."
     Then the watery world around her started to dissolve, as she
slowly awoke and retured to the real world.

     She awoke to the grumbling of her stomach.  Though how it could
grumble in its present predicament was beyond her.  Jennifer managed
to get out of bed.  She found that she had not removed her locked on
shoes from her feet before going to bed.  Oh, well, she thought as
she made her way to the bathroom before heading for the kitchen.
     The house was dead as she made her way to the kitchen in her
nineteen inch black satin corset and six inch spiked heels. 
Remembering what the corset did to her appetite, she prepared a very
small plate of food from the selection in the refrigerator.  "Someone
should go shopping soon," she observed.  The clock on the microwave
revealed that it was five in the evening.
     The small plate of food satisfied her.  She was surprised to
find that she was getting horny again.  "There must be something to
this frequent sex," she said.  Jennifer washed her plate off and made
her way to Richard's room.
     When she arrived, she found the door unlocked.  Richard was
asleep in bed, naked and without any particular sex toys attached. 
The black corset dress was still next to the bed.
     Jennifer was about to close the door and leave when Richard woke
up.  "Is that you, Jennifer?" he said.
     "Who else would it be," she replied as she stepped in.
     "What are you doing up?" he asked.
     "I was hungry," she said.  "And, well... I'm horny again, I
guess," she said.
     Richard laughed at this.  "You are amazing, you know that?" he
said.
     She felt herself blushing as he turned on the lights to the
room.  "Thank you," she said, shyly.  Somehow, it was tough for her
to take compliments.  She had so few of them that she could remember
in her life...
     "You are horny again.  Do you have something to suggest?" he
said.  "I'm not planning to dress in the corset for you again, you
know," he said.
     Jennifer thought furiously.  Maybe I'll suggest something up his
alley.  He probably won't go for jumping on top of me right now.  He
seems to like elaborat things.  "I remember... when you had me in the
red rubber hobble dress, with the vibrating belt, you told me that I
needed to increase my threshhold for pleasure," she said.  "I seem to
remember that you were coming *very* easily last night.  Maybe you
need to work on your self control, too?" she asked.
     "You have something specific in mind?" he asked.
     An idea crystallized in her mind.  "Why don't we have a
contest," she said.  "You remember that timer thingee you had me
hooked up to, with the button?  Didn't you say that there was a
version that worked for men, too?  Something about detecting when you
ejaculate?"
     "Indeed I did," he said.  There was a very pleased look on his
face.  "That devious part of your mind seems to be working in
overdrive now.  Have I created a monster?"
     "Actually, I was thinking that we could make it a competition,"
she said.  That ought to appeal to his male ego.  "First one to get
their timer down to zero wins."
     Richard thought about that.  "Intriguing.  I like it.  Anything
else?  What does the winner get?" he asked.
     "I'm not sure what the winner gets.  I was figuring that you
have all sorts of automatic locks and such.  Can you rig it that each
of us can't get out till the timer reaches zero?" she asked.
     "My, you *are* thinking!  I could do that.  It would take me ten
minutes or so to assemble the parts."
     "Also," she said, thinking furiously, "we sit facing each
other... and wear what we want," she said, with sudden inspiration.
     "A minor detail," he said, fully awake.  "But let me add a
detail.  Let's do it blind... and turn the timer readouts away from
us, so that there is no way to tell how much time is left.  But what
about the reward for winning?" he asked.
     "Well, I bet that we both want very different things if we win,"
she said.
     "Very well then," Richard said.  "You can name your prize now,
and I will name mine.  You first?"
     "All right.  I want you to get this corset off of me, and spend
all day tomorrow making love to me *without* any corset on me!" she
asked.  "I want to experience it withouth passing out!  And when I
say making love, I mean no sex toys, vibrating or not!"
     Richard grinned and chuckled.  "I hear you!  Ah, but I get such
a charge out of watching a damsel faint under my gentle touch," he
said.
     "Try it without the corset then," she said.
     "Very well.  But if I win..." he said, "You spend tomorrow with
the corset, and will be touched *only* by vibrating sex toys for the
whole day."
     Ack!  The opposite of what I asked for.  "Get everything set
up," she said.
     "I think that your double dildo belt is in your bedroom
dresser," he said.  "Make sure to make sure your bowels are empty
before you put it on.

     They sat in Richard's den.  Richard had worn a pair of rubber
trousers.  Under that, he had on a chastity belt with vibrating penis
sheath and vibrating butt plug.  His legs were bound to his chair,
and his hands were behind his back.  A wire ran from the metal box
that would hold his wrists together, to the chastity belt, and down
to a box that was plugged into the wall.  This belt of Richards did
not cover the head of his penis.  There was some sort of tiny
electrical device that was adhesively attached there that would sense
when he ejaculated, and add to his timer for doing it.
     Jennifer was wearing her six and a quarter inch high heels from
her maid's outfit, and the very tight rubber hobble skirt that she
had worn last night.  Her legs, too, were bound to the chair.  She
was wearing her nineteen inch corset, but that was not visible under
the rubber french maid's outfit that she had put on over it.  The
outfit covered her from crotch to neck, and down to her hands as
well.  She wore rubber gloves, so that the only part of her flesh
that was visible was her face.  I have on every damn kinky thing that
could possibly turn you on! she thought.  Take that and try not to
cum!
     Her button was in her hands, and her chastity belt was in place
under the hobble skirt.  "I'm ready when you are," she said.
     Both of them wore their bedtime wrist restraints with the odd
forks on the end.  Almost in unison, the two of them plugged in their
cuffs.  As the electronic boxed detected that they were now bound in
place, the vibrators inside of them came to life.
     Jennifer made sure to moan and wriggle against her rubber
outfit.  She had to stop herself after a few minutes, as her
wriggling was only making it worse.
     She was going higher and higher... Jennifer looked over at
Richard.  His eyes were not focused, and she saw him trying to breath
in a controlled fashion.
     Damn you, she thought as the phalluses in her kept bringing her
higher and higher.  Oh, god, here it comes!
     Jennifer closed her eyes, twisted and fought, using every last
ounce of will to avoid pushing the button hin her hands.  Finally,
the avalanche of sensations started to subside.  She opened her eyes,
and looked over at Richard.
     Suddenly, his cock sprang to life.  The vibrations ended for him
as his juices shot out from his penis.  They landed almost directly
between her breasts, and slowly dripped down her rubber outfit. 
"Richard!" she said aloud.
     "This was your idea," he said as his vibrations had not yet
resumed.
     Jennifer fought again as another wave of pleasure snuck up on
her.  "Oh, please... she said.
      She simply had to use the button this time.  After she reached
her peak, the vibrations in her came to a halt.  She panted against
the corset and looked over to Richard.
     "You have first blood," he said.  "Or semen, as the case may
be."




HIRED HELP

Chapter 19
     
     "Yes!!!!!!" screamed Jennifer as the vibrations stopped in her
groin.
     Richard's vibrations were still going strong.  "You win, you
voluptuous vixen," he said.
     Jennifer bent over as best she could in her outfit and fumbled
with the restraints at her ankles.  She was nearly breathless in her
ultratight corset, but managed to get her legs unbuckled.
     She stood up triumphantly in her six inch locked on heels. 
There were several blobs of cum on her, one between her breasts and
three on her ever so tight hobble skirt.  "Look at what a mess you've
made," she said, with her latexed gloved hands on her corset and
rubber exaggerated hips.
     "You set the stage," he said.  His cock was still hard in his
belt as the vibrator continued to buzz and stimulate it.  She knew
that there was another vibrator attached to a butt plug inside of
him.
      Jennifer unzipped her hobble skirt and unplugged the cord from
her belt.  She walked over to the boxes.  She saw that hers displayed
a blinking zero, while his had thirty minutes still left on it.  He
did hit me with his semen enough times, she thought.
     "What about me?" Richard asked.
     "You are done when the time runs out," she said.
     "Oh, you cruel woman," he said.
     Jennifer grinned a devious smile as she took her skirt and
walked to the bathroom.  "Let's watch him squirm," she said, as she
cleaned wiped up her black latex maid's outfit and black rubber
hobble skirt.
     Jennifer walked back to his den, and stopped outside of it to
put the hobble skirt back on.  She left the bottom zipper unzipped up
to the knees.  Now, when she walked in, her ankles were free, but her
knees were still almost immovable against each other.
     "Richard," she said as she slinked her way over to him.  "I just
wanted to say goodnight," she said to him.
     "Goodnight," he said, with a smile on his face.
     "In a special way," she said.  She walked directly in front of
him, showing her full backside to him.  Then she sat down on his lap,
and put her latex covered arms around his chest.
     Jennifer pushed her tight rubber covered breasts against him and
kissed him deeply.  He looked surprised by this, but quickly
participated in the kissing.  "How are you doing," she said as she
stroked his back with her black gloved hands.
     She saw a shiver go through him.  Jennifer wriggled around on
his lap, making sure to jostle his vibrating penis.  A minute later,
her efforts were rewarded.  He ejaculated yet again, hitting the side
of her hobble skirt.
     "It seems like *you* are the one who has to work on their
threshhold for pleasure," she said.
     "You twisted woman," he said with a smile on his face.
     Jennifer smiled back and stood up.  She walked out of the room,
and saw that his timer now read 53 minutes.  "Goodnight," she said
with a smile as she left the room.
     Jennifer returned to her room and took off her hobble skirt. 
She cleaned it up again, then went to the keys on the ring.  "Wait a
sec," she thought.  Jennifer went over to the temperature controls in
the room and turned the room down a few degrees, then turned the
lights down.  "If he comes in here in the morning and sees me like
this, he'll be hot and ready to go in the morning."
     She was still wearing her special bedtime cuffs from the
competition with Richard.  Jennifer, with the skirt in her hands,
worked her way face up to the center of the bed.  She put the control
wire through the skirt and plugged it into her belt.  Then she
slipped the hobble skirt up and zipped it completely up.
     Jennifer wriggled up the bed and fastened her wrists to the
chain at the head of the bed.  She was immediately greeted by a
double vibration that was not normal for her sleeping arrangements.
     "This one has *two* vibrators," she said as she wriggled on the
bed.  Within minutes, she was moaning and thrashing as best her
rubbery restraints would allow.

     With a final last dying hum, her belt lost power.  Jennifer,
awake now, found that her hands were free of their restraints.
     Richard was not yet there.  Jennifer stayed there in bed and
turned her body towards the doorway, waiting for him.
     Richard arrived a few minutes later.  When he opened the door,
he saw her all dressed in skintight rubber, from her gloves and maid
outfit to her hobble skirt.  Her shoes were still on as well.  "Would
you mind helping me disrobe?" she said.  "We have a *busy* day
today."
     Richard smiled but was silent as he walked in.  He did indeed
help her disrobe, and within twenty minutes she was left only in her
corset.  Her feet felt funny and tight from being in heels so long. 
"This too," she said, pointing at her corset.
     Richard took out a long flat metal tool that slid between the
locking front busks.  He moved it back and forth in a way that she
could not understand.  Then, he went over to the corsetting device
and re-attached it to the front of her corset.
     "I have to tighten the corset slightly to release the hooks," he
said, as he turned it on.
     Even another quarter of an inch felt so tight to Jennifer.  He
moved the tool up suddenly, and she felt something change with the
corset.
     Richard reversed the motors on the corsetting device.  Slowly,
the corset opened up, allowing her to breath fully for the first time
in over a day.
     "Do you wish to freshen up first, or would you rather start
right away," he said.
     The impulse was strong, but she elected to take a quick shower
first.  "I want to really enjoy today," she said.  "I'll just be a
few minutes."
     When she emerged from the shower, Richard was waiting there with
a blindfold.  "What is that for?" he asked.
     "You didn't say anything about blindfolds," he said.  Jennifer
sighed, but allowed him to tie it around her head.
     Richard first led her to the kitchen, and fed her a breakfast. 
Afterwards, he led her out of the kitchen.  She found herself
navigating a set of stairs down.  "What are we doing?" she asked.
     "You'll see," he said.  "You won't have to be patient much
longer."

     "Mmmmm!" she moaned aloud.
     Jennifer was still blindfolded, and now she was tied
spread-eagle to an X-shaped wooden rack.  This rack was below her,
supporting her arms, legs, and torso.  It was padded and comfortable,
except for the restraints at the corners that kept her wrists and
ankles in place.
     There was no excess material in the rack except what was needed
to keep her in place and about three feet above the floor.  Because
of this, Richard was able to sit on the floor, and his head was right
at her wet, waiting crotch.
     Richard resumed his work, and continued to nibble on the outside
of her labia.  He slowly worked his way in, starting at the very top
of her pussy.
     "Oh!" she moaned aloud.  "That feels *so* good!"  And I won't
pass out this time! she vowed.
     Jennifer lost track of time as he slowly brought his tongue into
play.  He moved it around inside of her, just barely brushing her
clitoris.  Then he turned his attentions elsewhere as she panted.
     He did this four more times, and Jennifer moved her hips around,
trying to get his tongue to stay against her pleasure spot.  But he
was careful, and her movements did not get her any closer to release.
     "God!" she said aloud.  "I'm *so* close!"
     Richard did not seem to hear her.  He leisurely kept his
attention just above her clit.  He stroked her legs with his hands as
he progressed.  Closer, oh, so close...
     In his style, he suddenly went from teasing to ravishing.  His
tongue now pushed against her clit, and rapidly wriggled up and down
in her wet, waiting pussy.
     It was only seconds before the pleasure took ahold of her.  Her
arms and legs strained against their restraints.  She tried to close
her legs around his head, to get him to stop, but he insistently
continued.  "God!  Stop!" she screamed.  "I can't take this!"
     "Stop?" he asked as he brought his face free of her crotch.  "Do
you mean that the day is over for you?"
     "No!" she said aloud.  Slowly, the pleasure passed through her.
     "Only if you tell me not to stop," he said.
     "Don't stop!" she said aloud.  Grinning, he immediately moved
his mouth between her legs and within seconds found her clitoris with
his tongue yet again.
     "Richard!" she screamed out as he sent her soaring again.  He
relented this time as her pelvis bucked around wildly.
     "You like?" he asked.  She could not see the look on his face.
     "God yes!" she said.  "Oh, Richard.  That was wonderful!"
     He brought his hands along her legs, then felt her narrow waist
and tender breasts.  Slowly, he massaged them, moving in circles
closer and closer to her nipples.  He paused there for a moment, then
let go of her entirely for a moment.
     When she felt him again, his lips were once again at her crotch.

      He left her lying there after she had been brought to several
heights of pleasure.  When he returned, he started by kissing her. 
First, gently on the lips.  As she strained up for more, he worked
down her neck, then between her breasts.  Richard lingered a moment
at her bellybutton, then worked his way down her leg.
     When he worked his way back up, he again started his slow,
gentle massage of her pussy with his lips.

     "Oh, ohohohohooooo!" she said as his lips brought her to yet
another climax.
     Jennifer had lost track of the number of times she had felt
that.  She was surprised to feel him untying her from the rack, and
taking off her blindfold.
     Her eyes were not accustomed to the light, and she squinted at
him.  "It's lunchtime," he said.  "If you would care to accompany me
upstairs, for a light lunch?" he asked.

     She was on his bed, now.  The six inch heels were locked onto
her feet, and her legs were spread wide by the metal spreader bar. 
Jennifer's arms were held wide apart by another spreader bar, and a
chain connected it to the wall.  Again, she was blindfolded.
     Richard was on top of her, slowly thrusting inside of her.  She
had no choice but to spread her legs wide for him, but she wouldn't
have it any other way now.  "Richard," she said aloud.  "Oh,
Richard!"
     "Yes, Jennifer?" he replied without missing a long, slow stroke.
 He paused with his penis deep inside of her to gently suck on her
nipples.  "Is there anything I can do for you?" he asked.
     "You're doing it!" she let out.  "Just keep doing it.  More!"
she pleaded as he continued his slow, relentless pace.
     Richard sped up ever so slowly.  She tried to twist around on
the bed, but couldn't.  "Ooooh!" she said as she bent her knees as
far as they could be bent.
     His pace was no longer leisurely.  Jennifer clenched her fists
and twisted her stiletto heeled shoes around in their restraints. 
"I'm sooooo close!"
     Richard held his pace right there.  Jennifer twisted and
thrashed on the bed.  She arched her back and tried to move down the
bed, to take him inside of her just that little bit more...
     "Aaaaaaaa!" she exclaimed as every muscle in her body tensed up.
 "Please!  Harder!  Please!" she begged, right on the threshhold.
     Richard switched gears, from his relentless beat to a pace of
frantic urgency.  Jennifer went over the top, and screamed at the top
of her lungs.
     Richard paused for only second to let her recover.  Then he
pounded into her again, bringing her to another thunderous peak.
     Jennifer thrashed about in her restraints, but could do nothing
to affect the sensations in her crotch.  "Please....!  not... ohhhh!"
she moaned as another one swept through her sweat covered body.
     As she finally felt him ejaculate inside of her, she felt a
moment of triumph.  I didn't pass out, she said as he pulled out of
her.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 20

     There was a warm glow of pleasure wandering around under her
skin as Richard released her arms and legs from the bars.
     "What now?" she asked dreamily.  Richard removed her blindfold,
but she didn't bother to open her eyes.
     "The day is over, and evening has started," Richard said.  "Come
on.  I took the liberty of ordering pizza for supper.  It's on the
table now."
     "Pizza!" she exclaimed.  Her stomach grumbled as Richard
unlocked the shoes from her feet.  "I haven't had that in weeks!"
     She opened her eyes and saw that Richard was also naked.  She
followed him out of his room and to the kitchen.
     Jennifer grabbed a piece of pizza before she even sat down. 
Richard sat down and joined her.
     "You didn't *have* to stop then," she said.
     "I might have gone on longer, but we are going to have guests
over tonight."
     "Guests?" she asked.  "What guests?"
     "Henry and his wife Vicki are coming over.  It seems that he has
finally untied his wife after their renewal of vows, so they can now
socialize again.  He told me that he'd like to use the pool.  He has
not yet had one installed."
     "When did you talk to him?" she asked.
     "I returned his message and ordered pizza during our brief
breaks," he said.  "I didn't want to be gone for too long, so I kept
my calls brief."
     Jennifer thought back, and guessed that he would have had enough
time to do that.  "Are you going to give me a swimsuit to wear?" she
asked.  Richard nodded.  "Actually, if you would clean up supper,
I'll attend to that detail right now," he said.
     She cleaned up the table and put the leftover pizza in the
refrigerator.  Jennifer sat down and waited briefly for Richard to
return.
     When he did, Jennifer had a funny feeling when she saw what he
was holding.  "This is it," he said with a smile as he handed the
blue rubber garment over to her.  He was wearing only tight rubber
swimtrunks himself.
     She spread it out on the table.  It was made of blue rubber, and
would extend from her breasts down to her toes.  It had a zipper in
back, and would hold her legs together.  At the bottom, there was a
single swimming fin.
     In short, it was a mermaid's tail.
     Her underwater dream suddenly came to mind.  "Are you all
right?" he asked as she stared off into space.
     "I'm fine," she said suddenly.  Jennifer unzipped it, and
slipped into it.
     Richard had to help her zip it up in back.  When it was on, she
found that the fin was made of very rigid rubber, and her feet were
bent straight down.  She couldn't even stand up on dry ground, much
less walk.  There was a subtle pattern of scales worked right into
the texture of the rubber.  Both of her breasts were covered, but
with the skintight material over them, they moved as if they weren't
covered at all.
     "When are they going to be over?" she asked.
     The distinctive sound of the doorbell interrupted their
conversation.  "I'd say that they are already here," he said.  "I'll
get you to poolside first."
     Richard picked her up, and carried her to the side of the
inground pool.  She had strange feeilings about wearing it... but
definitely liked the feeling of his hands around her, sweeping her
off of her feet...
     Her dream was interrupted as he put her down.  "I'll be right
back," he said, giving her a quick kiss on the lips.  Jennifer's
heart raced when he did, and she was left aching when his lips left
her face.
     A minute later, Richard returned with his two guests.  Both
Henry and Vicki were wearing long bathrobes.  From her low vantage
point' Jennifer could see that Vicki was wearing red stiletto heeled
sandals that were probably six inches high.
     "Now that's an interesting bathing suit," Henry said as he saw
Jennifer lounging at the side of the pool.
     "We could get one for Vicki fairly quickly," Richard said.
     Henry's wife looked at Jennifer and studied her up and down. 
"It looks good on her," she said.
     "I don't think it's quite my style," said Henry.  "But I can see
the appeal."
     Jennifer quickly found out what Henry's style was.  All three of
them sat down in chairs very close to her and the edge of the pool. 
First, Henry and Vicki took off their bathrobes.  Henry was wearing
rubber bathing trunks, similar to Richards.  There was a zipper in
front, which would allow easy access to the male organs withing.
     Vicki wore a bikini that looked to be made of shiny red latex,
and six inch high stiletto sandals with long lacings that wound up
her ankles.  Jennifer saw that the crotch of her bathing suit was
open, allowing free access to her vagina.
     Richard and Henry started to talk about stock prices of high
tech companies.  Vicki listened for a few minutes, then left her
chair and sat down next to Jennifer.  
     "Nice outfit," Vicki said.  "Really shows you off."
     "Thank you," said Jennifer.  "Richard wanted me to wear it
tonight," she said.
     "Why don't you swim across the pool in it.  I want to see how
you swim in it," she said.  "I'll walk around and meet you there,"
she said.
     Jennifer was curious herself.  She slid into the pool, with a
momentary shock as the cooler water touched her skin.  Vicki was
already on her stiletto heeled feet, walking around the pool with
sharp clicking sounds from her shoes.
     Jennifer used a modified breast stroke to make her way across
the pool.  She was able to propel herself somewhat by moving the tail
up and down.  She could tell that it gave her quite a bit of power in
the water, but it was hard to synchronize with her arms.
     When she reached the other side, Vicki was waitinig for her
there.  Jennifer stayed in the pool, with her hand on the edge. 
"What did you think?" she asked.
     "Neat," she said.  "I may have to get one, whether or not Henry
thinks that it his style," she said.  "*I* would be the one wearing
it."  Vicki sat down at the edge of the pool, and Jennifer pulled
herself out and sat down on the edge, with her tail in the water.
     "Henry tells me that you're the 'hired help'," said Vicki.
     Jennifer nodded.  "It started that way, but..." she trailed off,
unsure of what she should tell the woman.
     "But... it's gone further than that?" she said.
     Jennifer nodded.  "He offered me more money than I'd ever
thought I would be able to make.  I started here because of that. 
Now... I don't even think about the money."
     "You took us all by storm," she said.  "One day, Richard is
pining away alone in his huge mansion.  The next day, you're there,
out of nowhere.  We've been just a *little* curious about it all,"
she said.  "And Richard has hardly been leaving his house as of late,
to come over and socialize with us.  Talk about rumors now..."
     "He almost didn't hire me," she said.  "I think he was looking
for someone that... knew more about his... unusual interests," she
said indirectly.
     "You mean you didn't know he was kinky to the bone when you
started working?" she said.  "God, he had balls to do that."
     "I begged him for the job," she said.  "Now, I'm so glad that he
hired me.  I've never met a man like him before."
     Vicki smiled and chuckled at that.  "He sure is different," she
said.  "I hear that when Richard first started to seriously talk to
the guys about his interests, they were surprised at how bizzare he
was.  He took them places that they had never gone before, so to
speak."
     "What does he like?" she asked, with an idle flick of her tail. 
"What does Richard *really* like?"
     "You might know that better than I do," she said, twirling her
stiletto heeled shoes around.  "I know that he really likes his women
to be in heels and corsets as much as possible.  Rubber is a big
plus.  He has a thing for hobble skirts, so your swimwear doesn't
surprise me."
     "That sounds familiar," Jennifer said.  "I... I really like
spending time here, with Richard" she said, "although I'm not sure if
I like every last detail.  But things like the corset and the
heels... I'm getting used to them.  But... somehow, there is a part
of him that he always keeps hidden.  I don't know how to put it...
when he made love to me today..." Jennifer broke off and started
blushing after she blurted that out.
     "You were at our renewal," Vicki said.  "What could you have to
be embarassed about after seeing that?  You were riding the dildoes
right there.  It didn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that
Richard was probably enjoying the personal services of his maid," she
said.  "Go on.  ...part that's hidden... when he made love to me
today..." she prompted.
     "When he made love to me today," Jennifer resumed, "It was like
he was putting on a performance.  It was wonderful... but he wasn't
really making love to me.  He was putting on a show for my benefit,"
she said.  "A *good* show," Jennifer said, with a smile on her face.
     "What do you want?" Vicki asked.
     Jennifer thought about that as she ran her hands through the
warm water of the pool.  "I want to *really* get to know him," she
said.  "I want him to not seize up whenever something reminds him of
his ex-wife," she said.  "Maybe... I want to stay for a long time,"
she admitted.
     Vicki thought about that.  "I don't know how much I can help you
with Susana," she said.  "We only know bits and pieces of what really
went on.  But... one of the things that really turns him on, is when
a woman takes the initiative and plays to his desires.  He wants a
woman that *wants* to be used by him, tied up, paraded around in
kinky outfits.  He wants a woman that will surprise him with things
that he hasn't thought of or hasn't had the courage to ask to do.
     "I know that because we had a really long talk several years
ago, before he started seeing Susana seriously.  Actually, I think
that he mentioned a few other things that he would like to do..."
     "Like what?" she asked.
     "He likes the idea of going out in public with kinky stuff
underneath," she said.  "He likes women that are elegantly dressed
up, from head to toe, because so much kinky stuff can be hidden
underneath," she said.  "He told me a very vivid fantasy of his once.
 He said that he would like to go to the opera with a woman that was
dressed up in a fancy gown.  But underneath, she had on so much
bondage and rubber that she could barely walk."
     Jennifer thought about that for a few moments.  "But... aren't
guys usually turned on by seeing what they think is sexy?" she asked.
     "I think that Richard is a little different," Vicki said.  "I
think that if he just *knew* what was under the dress, it would get
him rock hard.
     "I don't know if he ever did that with Susana.  Actually, I
suspect that he didn't.  I think that he was afraid to ask her to act
out some of his more extreme desires.  I think that he was afraid
that she would run away if he did, or say no.  Men in general don't
like to be turned down.  They'd rather not ask."
     "Hmmm..." said Jennifer.
     "Tell you what," Vicki said.  "Henry is leaving town on
wednesday, flying to the east coast on business.  Now that I think
about it, I remember Henry saying that Richard might be coming with."
     "Richard didn't tell me this," said Jennifer.
     "I'll tell Henry to encourage Richard to come along," she said. 
"Why don't I come over, and we can talk in more depth about what you
can do?" she asked.
     "Sounds fine to me!" she said.  "I could use some help now," she
admitted.
     "I'll make a few calls to Fantasy Supreme," she said. 
"Hopefully, when he gets back thursday morning, you'll be able to
knock his socks off," she said.
      "I would really like to surprise him," said Jennifer.  "Out of
curiosity, what is Henry into?" she asked.
     Vicki smiled.  "His big thing is that likes me to be available
to him at all times, even if he isn't actively screwing me.  Notice
the bikini with a hole in it," she said.  "Usually he likes to go to
bed with me tied to the bed, legs spread wide.  Just in case he gets
in the mood," she said.  "Sometimes, I'm the one in charge, and he's
tied to the bed.  Usually when we go out on the town, he'll have me
wear a flowing skirt with nothing on underneath, just in case he
wants to throw them up and screw me in a closet or something.  He
also likes the way my legs look in heels.  A corset is bonus points,"
she said, "but a bare torso is good too."
     "So," Vicki said, rising to her feet, "I see that Henry is
waving to me.  I bet that he wants to skip the swimming part and take
me to one of Richard's spare bedrooms," she said with a smile. 
"Wednesday, then?" she said.
     "Wednesday," Jennifer agreed.   She swam a slow, lazy course
back over to the two men.
     "There you are, wench!" said Henry.  "Let's skip this pool
thing.  Just watching you is getting me all hot and bothered,"
     "Henry!" she said with her hands on her hips.  "Do we want our
hosts to think that we are animals in heat?" she asked.
     "Fine by me!" Henry said, gathering her in close and putting his
hand at her crotch.
     "Mmmmm..." she said, as he moved his hand.  "Animals then," she
said as the two of them walked away from the pool.
     "I'm ready for a swim," Richard said, diving in.
     They must have spent at least two hours horsing around in the
pool.  Jennifer soon improved in her ability to swim in the mermaid
tail, and was swimming circles around him.  Richard was sitting on
the side of the pool, with his feet in the water, when Henry and
Vicki returned.  "We're going home now,"  said Henry as he gathered
up his robe.  "The wife needs some attention."
     "Why don't you tell me something that I don't already know!"
Richard said with a smile on his face.
     Vicki waved, then the two of them left, leaving Richard and
Jennifer alone in the pool.
     "Have you ever made love to a mermaid?" Jennifer asked
playfully.
     "I don't think that I have," he said in reply.
     Jennifer swam to the edge of the pool and pulled at his rubber
swimsuit.  Richard helped, and it was off in seconds.  "What do you
have in mind?" he asked.
     Jennifer would like to have straddled him, but that was rather
difficult in her swimsuit.  So, instead, she pulled herself out of
the pool and used her mouth for something other than talking.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 21

     Jennifer the mermaid again found herself underwater, with the
seahorse hovering over her shoulder.  "You must go now," it said to
her.
     "Go where?" she asked.  "Why?"
     The little seahorse swam away, and Jennifer followed it.  "To
the realm of darnkess," it said.  "There is nothing left to do here."
     She saw a huge cave in front of her.  "In there," the seahorse
said, stopping.  Jennifer swam forward, into it, and all was black...
     The floor was smooth and stone.  It felt cold against her feet. 
Jennifer looked down, and saw that she was naked.
     The cave she was in was immense.  Although it was lit only by a
few torches set into the walls, she could see clearly all around.
     Jennifer felt something brush up against her foot.  She looked
down and saw an almost blind mole nudging against her ankle.  "We
have to hurry," it said.  "She is near."
     "She?" Jennifer said as she followed the scurrying rodent.
     "Mistress of the dark," it said.  "Guardian of the way."
     They entered a long tunnel through the stone.  "Where are we
going?" she asked.
     "You must dress," it said.  "You must prepare for battle."

     The dream broke up as she felt a buzzing in her crotch.  The
buzzing turned to pleasure as she slowly emerged from the land of
dreams.
     "Oh, my!" she said, twisting her crotch around.  Her hands were
held together above her head.
     Jennifer had set the timer accurately this time.  Just seconds
after the vibrating chastity belt brought her to orgasm, the
vibrations died and the cuffs were free of the chain.
     Jennifer smiled and slowly stretched on the bed as the sexual
pleasure slowly faded.  At least it makes you look forward to waking
up, she thought as she unplugged the wire from the belt.
     She was wearing a black satin corset that laced in back and the
chastity belt with the single phallus in front. This was how Richard
had dressed her for bed after she had pleasured him while she was
dressed up in the mermaid outfit.
      "Tuesday," she said aloud.  It was hard to keep track of the
day here.  It seemed so irrelevant...
     Jennifer went to the bathroom and unlocked her belt to take care
of her morning bodily functions.  When she was done, she heard a
knock at the bedroom door.
     "Come in," she said.  Richard entered as she was exiting the
bathroom.  "So, what do you want for me to wear today?" she asked.
     "Your black vinyl maid's outfit should suffice," he said.
     Jennifer put on the fishnet stockings and attached them to the
garters on her corset.  A brief search did not reveal the five and a
half inch black heels that went with the outfit.  All she could find
was the six an a quarter inch ones of the other maid's outfit.
     "That will do," Richard said, helping her lock them into place. 
He brought out the long sleeved, high necked vinyl maid's outfit and
zipped it up on her.  He finished by locking the zipper in place at
the back of her neck.
     "I do appreciate your dirty mind," he said.  "But... our little
competition only delayed the fact that you are due to be punished...
for several things, actually."
     "Punished?" she said, with eyes wide.  "What do you mean,
punished?" Jennifer said, with complete innocence in her voice as she
batted her eyelashes at him.
     Richard took a small box out of his pocket.  "If you would raise
your skirts?" he asked.  Jennifer was glad to, and revealed her
chastity belt covered crotch to him.
     Richard locked the box to the top of the chastity belt with a
click.  Then he did something... and the phallus inside of her belt
started to vibrate.
     "What...?" she asked.  The vibrations were not as strong as they
were when she was hooked up at bedtime.  But they were very
noticable.
     "Now get to work," he said.  "I think that you have become too
accustomed to working in the belt.  Let's see if you can deal with
this distraction.  There is quite a bit to do, as you have not been
keeping up with the chores the last couple of days.
     "Oh, you bastard," she whispered to him.  He apparently heard
it, and smiled.

     Jennifer had to pause several times during breakfast and lean
against the counter.  She took fast shallow breaths in her corset as
the vibrator inside of her brought her close... and close again...
with Richard watching the whole time.
     She finished breakfast and sat down across from him.  She ate
slowly, and did not even finish her food.
     The chores seemed to take an eternity.  Every step was filled
with distractions from the buzzing in her crotch.  By eleven the
insides of her thighs were damp from her flowing juices all the way
to her knees.
     "I have to go to the bathroom," she said finally.  She had to
concentrate hard to walk in her heels in her excited state.  Jennifer
sat down on the toilet in her room and jammed the key into her belt. 
As soon as she could release the belt, her fingers wormed their way
inside of her and found her aching pleasure button.
     Jennifer closed her eyes as she brought herself to a climax. 
"Oh, god!" she said, with her high heeled feet in the air.  When she
opened her eyes once again, she saw Richard at the doorway of the
bathroom, staring at her.
     "Oops," she said, with her head downturned.

     Richard didn't say anything, but he did add to her outfit.  He
locked a leather collar onto her neck, and chained both of her hands
to it.  Jennifer could now only reach down to her bellybutton.  She
could not unfasten her belt even if she was in her bathroom.
     He changed something on the box at her chastity belt, too.  Now,
instead of keeping the vibrators at a low hum, it now occasionally
surged with power for a few seconds before returning to its usual low
speed.
     Lunch was an ordeal.  It took her longer than usual to make it,
and halfway through lunch, a sudden series of surges from the belt
left her sliding to the floor with her hips moving wildly.  She was
so close...  Richard just watched her lie there, writhing, and saw
her return to her feet, red-faced.
     Richard showed no mercy through the rest of the day.  He stayed
with her for most of the time, finding things to do in the room or
just openly watching her.  "Where do you think of things like this?"
she asked, panting as she sat down to take a break.
     "I'm just gifted," he said.  "It comes to me out of the blue."
     Jennifer just moaned and moved her hips around.  She was close,
so close...
     After supper was done, Richard called her over to him.  "Let's
see what we can do with this," he said, reaching under her flared
skirt to reach the control box.
     He adjusted someting, and suddenly the vibrator within her
surged to life.  Jennifer found a nearby couch to collapse on.  "Oh,
god!" she said, as just moments later she felt the muscles of her
vagina clenching around the phallus inside of her.
     He left her there and walked out of the room.  Jennifer now
twisted around, and reached down trying to get it to stop.  But it
continued its relentless buzzing within her, bringing her to yet
another climax.
     Jennifer was now near a frenzy.  Her chest was heaving against
the corset, and she thrashed about on the couch, sending her six inch
stiletto heeled feet into the air.  Her hands were useless to do
anything except clutch and twist about.
     A third one caught her by surprise.  Jennifer saw that Richard
was looking at her from the edge of the room.  She tried to get up
off of the couch and walk to him, but only suceeded in moving to the
floor.  As the fourth one swept through her, she felt her grasp on
consciousness fleeing once again.
     He must really enjoy seeing me pass out, she though as the room
darkened around her.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 22

     When she regained consciousness, she was in her room.  She took
stock of herself and found that she was wearing everything except the
collar and the chastity belt.
     "That's funny," she said.  Jennifer looked around, and saw a
note on her nightstand.

Jennifer

     By the time that you read this, I will be on my way to the east
coast.  I was originally planning to leave early tomorrow morning,
but things have come up that require me to leave tonight.
     In your top left drawer, you will find a slightly different belt
to wear to bed tonight.  This one does not lock on.  I am allowing
you to use this one because, until thursday afternoon (I should
arrive between three and four) you are 'off duty'.  However, when I
arrive on thursday, I expect you to be properly attired and 'on
duty'.
     Until Thursday

Richard

     "He's gone already," she said.  "That means that I have the
house to myself!"
     Jennifer unlocked and took off all of her clothes.  She went to
his bedroom, and found that he had locked it.
     The basement was still unlocked, she found.  "Let's see what
else he has squirreled away down here," she said.  He really seemed
to like the corset and hobble skirt that she had found last time.
     Jennifer went to the same room again.  She turned on the light,
and was much more careful in her inspections of the drawer labels.
     "Nurse, rubber, white, medium" she read aloud.  "Shoes 6", size
9"  Jennifer opened the drawer, and found a nurse's uniform made out
of white rubber.  Matching stiletto heels were also there.
     "Miniskirt and top.  Rubber, red," she read aloud.  Indeed, when
she opened the drawer, this is what she found.
     She went through a dozen more before she found one that caught
her eye.  "Mermaid tail, blue, medium.  Res waist, long term." she
read aloud.  Jennifer opened up the drawer and took it out.  It
looked to be similar to the one that she had worn the night before. 
But this one had laced up in back, and might have a built in corset
of some type.
     Another dozen went by before one caught her eye.  "Complete
wedding outfit, rubber et al.  20" corset.  Size 9 shoes, 6 1/2"
heels."  She was caught with visions of herself walking down the
aisle with Richard at her side.  Jennifer opened up the drawer, and
found four large boxes tied shut with cord.  Jennifer took the four
boxes, piled them high, and put the mermaid's outfit on top.  She
shut the drawer, and took her finds upstairs to her room.
     She put the mermaid's tail aside, more interested in the
contents of the boxes.  "The wedding picture of Susana showed her in
a normal gown," she said aloud.  "I wonder what this was for?"
     The first box revealed a pair of six an a half inch spiked white
stilettoes.  They had the locking straps that Jennifer was used to. 
Impulsively, she grabbed a pair of locks and put them on.
     In the same box, she found a pair of white rubber panties and a
white rubber bra.  She felt a very thick, very rough phallus in the
front of the rubber panties.  The rubber bra also had roughened
projections where her nipples should go.
     Jennifer slipped the bra and the panties on.  The panties fit
like her chastity belt, and stimulated her whenever she moved.  But
these seemed to do a better job of stimulating her than an unpowered
chastity belt.  And the bra... that added to it.
     Jennifer stopped a moment and rubbed herself in the crotch,
pushing the phallus around inside of her.  She could imagine making
love to Richard, imagine their wedding night...
     She brought herself out of her fantasies long enough to open the
next box.  It contained what looked to be a white rubber hobble
dress, similar to the red one she had worn before.  There were also
long white rubber gloves inside, and Jennifer guessed that they were
to be worn under the dress.
     Jennifer next worked the gloves on her hands.  They were tricky
to put on alone, but she managed.  She stepped into the hobble dress,
and zipped it up in back.  She found that she only had three or four
inch steps while wearing this dress.
     The next box was the biggest.  It contained a large white rubber
wedding dress.  However, it did not have a zipper or normal closure. 
As she examined it, she saw that it had a built in corset, that had
the automatic locking mechanism in front.  Jennifer managed to
wriggle into it, and she wore the hobble dress underneath it as an
undergarment.
     It had baggy shoulders, long sleeves, and a very high neckline. 
The skirt of it was huge, extending out seven feet in each direction.
 The train would go back fifteen feet easily.  It was very baggy, and
she wondered if there was a crinoline to go under it.  The front of
the dress was still open with the small metal hooks visible out of
one side of the closure.
     Jennifer opened up the last small box.  It took her a moment to
recognize what it was.  "It's an air pump," she said aloud.  It
weighed only a few pounds, and would need to be plugged into a wall
outlet.  Now, why would there be an air pump with this? she wondered.
     Jennifer felt the rubber of the dress, and found an answer.  In
back, underneath a fold in the fabric, she fould what seemed to be a
bicycle tire valve.  "You inflate it?" she wondered.
     Sure enough, the air pump latched onto the valve.  Jennifer
worked her way over to her dresser, and plugged it into a wall
socket.  The pump sputtered to life, and she could feel the dress
very slowly filling up with air.
     As it filled, she felt the front of the built in corset of the
dress.  The autocorsetting device was there.  Also on the dresser,
Richard had left the slotted metal bar that he used to release the
other corset.  Jennifer debated, and hooked the device up to the
front of the wedding dress 
     The corset was closed before the air pump was done.  Jennifer
found herself gasping a bit against the tightness of the corset. 
Then, it clicked shut, and she unfastened the corsetting device from
the dress and put it on the counter.
     She found it strange to watch the dress grow around her.  It was
as full around as the fullest southern belle dress ever made. 
Jennifer looked back, and saw that the train, too, was inflating a
bit.
     "How weird," she said.  But, in light of everything that she had
seen Richard do, this was not at all surprising to Jennifer.
     Jennifer looked in the mirror.  To her surprise, she saw that
the shoulders of the dress were also inflating.  Additionally, there
was some sort of airway leading up to her breasts, because it looked
like they, too, were inflating.
     The dress grew very full and rigid with the air within it. 
Jennifer managed to reach behind her and unplug the pump from the
dress.  She tugged on the cord, and unplugged the pump from the wall.
     Jennifer took tiny steps in her heels, hobble underdress, and
rubber inflated bridal gown.  The woman in the mirror had extremely
long pointed inflated breasts, and a very tiny corsetted waist.  The
entire dress wiggled slightly as she stepped forward.  This motion
moved the plug inside of her around, and caused her juices to start
flowing.
     Jennifer soon realized that she could not fit her inflated dress
through the doorway.  She also discovered that the dress around her
was so well inflated that it was impossible for her to fall.  She was
only able to raise her feet up a few inches before the dress
supported her weight.
     She discovered that in this position, her wriggling could cause
very interesting sensations in her crotch and nipples.  Jennifer
spent more than fifteen minutes whipping herself into a frenzy this
way.  The inflated dress prevented her from reaching down and helping
out with her hands.  But, with quite an effort, she managed to reach
a standing orgasm.
     "That was... interesting," she said, panting against the
tightness of the dress.  She was glad that she did not have to try to
balance in her six and a half inch heels while she did this.  As she
stayed still and tried to recover, she decided that she had had
enough of playing the bride.
     Jennifer slowly backed up in her outfit.  She reached over and
managed to barely grab the corsetting device with one white gloved
hand.  She reached for the metal bar with her other rubber coated
hand.  But, as she lifted it off of the dresser, it slipped out of
her hand, and landed on the floor.
     "Damn!" she said aloud.  Bending over in the dress was
completely impossible.  She tried anyway, and her arms could only
reach about halfway down the expanse of her dress.  She reached
behind her, and tried to release some of the air from her dress.  But
there must have been some sort of check-valve, because her exertions
did not release one ounce of air.
     Jennifer grew franic in the dress, and found that the exertions
were again stimulating her groin and breasts.  Before she thought
about it, she was again wriggling around in the dress, trying to get
the phallus inside of her to bring her to the height of pleasure. 
But, although it was easy to start with the phallus inside of her, it
was very difficult to bring herself to orgasm.  Within ten minutes,
she was close.  Within another ten, she was *so* close.
     "Oh my god!" she exclaimed as the pleasure overtook her.  She
went completely limp during it, and found that the dress only let her
slump over some.  Jennifer was still standing through the entirety of
it.
     After the orgasm had receeded, she tried to think about her
situation calmly.  "Richard will be back thursday, and Vicki will be
over tomorrow.  But when?" she asked aloud.  And will she be able to
get in without me to let her in?  There was no one to answer the
question for her.
     "It's going to be a *long* night," she said with a sigh.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 23

     "Now *that* is an interesting oufit!" said Vicki
     Jennifer brought her head up, and saw Vicki standing in her
doorway.  It was wednesday morning, and Jennifer had been zoning out
in her inflated wedding dress.
     Vicki wore a red leather halter top, and a very tight red
leather miniskirt.  On her feet, Jennifer saw red stiletto heels that
were at least six inches high.
     "I'm sorry," she said.  "I was dozing.  I didn't get much sleep
last night."
     "Did you *sleep* in that thing?" she asked.
     Jennifer nodded.  "I just wanted to try it on.  It has a trick
closure in front.  When I tried to get out of it... I dropped the
tool I needed on the floor."
     "I've never seen that outfit before," she said, walking over to
pick up the metal bar.  "Do you want some help with this?" she asked.
     "Please," said Jennifer.  Between the two of them, they were
able to figure out how to open up the corset.  It took about fifteen
minutes for them to work the corset open.
     Jennifer freed her torso from the dress.  Then, she pushed
herself up out of the dress and slowly wormed her way out.
     Vicki saw her in her white rubber hobble dress, white rubber
gloves, and stiletto heeled shoes.  "There's a second layer?  Is
there a third?" she asked.
     "Actually, there is," she said, then her face turned red before
she could mention what it was.  "How did you get in?" she asked,
changing the subject.
     "Richard gave me a key, via Henry," she said.  "I mentioned that
I would stop in and check on you today."
     "Oh," she said.
     "I'll wait out in the living room, so you can get changed," she
said.
     Vicki walked away in her red stiletto heeled shoes.  Jennifer
took off the white rubber hobble dress and gloves.  She took off the
grope panties and bra, and was naked in her bedroom.  Jennifer
wondered what to wear.  She really didn't want to walk around naked.
     Jennifer examined the outfits that were in her closet.  There
was a satin maid's outfit, and a rubber maid's outfit.  Both of those
required a corset underneath to wear, and that would require
assistance.
     The red rubber hobble dress was much the same.  She doubted that
she could zip it up without a corset underneath.  The rubber body
suit would be impossible for her to get into herself, even if it did
not keep her arms at her sides.  And the purple vinyl bridesmaid
dress also required assistance to properly lace the corset up in
back.
     There was *one* outfit she could get into herself.  Jennifer
took out her pair of black six inch stiletto heels.  She took a
padlock, and locked them in place.
     Next, she pulled the nineteen inch black satin corset out of the
drawer.  Jennifer attached the corsetting device to the front of it,
and plugged it into the wall.
     She was gasping by the time that it clicked shut.  When it was
done, she unfastened it from the corset, and pulled out the zippered
black rubber hobble skirt from a drawer.  She put it on, and left it
unzipped from knees to floor.
     Dressed this way, Jennifer walked out to the living room
     "What an outfit!" Vicki said.  "How did you get into the corset
on without help?"
     "This one fastens like the wedding dress," she said.  "But now,
I can reach the tool if it falls to the floor."
     Vicki nodded as Jennifer hobbled over to the couch that she was
sitting on and sat down next to her.  "So," Jennifer continued, "You
have some ideas for me?  To turn Richard on?"
     Vicki smiled at this.  "I bet that you are doing a wonderful job
right now.  I did take the liberty of ordering some extra things for
you from Fantasy Supreme.  I'm sure that he'd love these kinds of
surprises.  Unfortunately, they won't be done until tomorrow
morning."
     "Too bad," said Jennifer.  "Out of curiosity, are all of the
other guys into the same stuff as Richard?  It seems like you said
that your husband has some different tastes."
     Vicki thought about the question.  "Richard takes the fetish
thing the furthest.  I think that all six of the guys get into it at
least to some degree.  My husband has built up quite a collection for
me.  But Henry doesn't really like anything that would get in the way
of him if he would get horny.  As you might guess, he doesn't really
like me to wear hobble skirts for long."
     "But..." said Jennifer.  "Didn't you wear one for your
'wedding'?"
     "That came off in a hurry, if you remember," she said.  "And I
had some input into that ceremony as well."
     "Like what?" Jennifer asked.
     "The chastity belt was my idea," she said.  "I had it on the
full day before.  You wouldn't *believe* how antsy he gets when he
can't have me... even if it's for a short period of time.  He's like
a little kid... all you have to do is tell him no, and he wants it
*so* much!"
     "What about the other guys?" Jennifer asked.
     "Hmmmm...  Let's see.  I've told you about my husband Henry, and
of course you know about Richard.  John, the one that came in drag to
the wedding.  He's married to a pretty woman named Lisa.  He really
likes his wife to wear things like heels, tight girdles or corsets,
garter belts, stockings and the like.  From talking to her, he likes
to tie her up when she's dressed like this.  John is probably a
closet transvestite, but I don't think he could say that aloud.
     "Adam really likes his leather.  He is engaged, but not married.
 He's the furthest into S&M."
     "S&M?" Jennifer asked.
     "Sadism and Masochism.  He has quite a collection of paddles and
whips.  Right now, he is a dominant, although I remember when he used
to switch around and take the submissive role now and again."
     Jennifer thought about that.  "I... don't think that I would
like that," she said.
     "My husband and I have played a little in that area" said Vicki.
 "Sometimes I'm *such* a bad girl that he bends me over his knee and
gives me a good spanking."
     Jennifer's mind wandered back to the magazine that was in her
bathroom, then came back to reality.  "I guess that if Richard
spanked me, it wouldn't be that bad."
     "I bet that you'd enjoy every minute of it," she said.  "But I
don't think that he would do that to you... or at least not very
often.
     "Ben is just your basic kinky dirty old man, and a vouyer to
boot.  His body can't quite keep up with his mind anymore.  He
divorced his first wife because she wouldn't let him touch her.  Now,
he has two live in bisexual girls.  I've talked to both of them.  He
likes to keep them tied up, either naked or dressed in kinky attire. 
When he isn't able to join in, he's happy to just watch the two of
them go at it.  Myself, I would be too jealous to share Henry with
anyone."
     Jennifer nodded in agreement.  "I wouldn't like to share
Richard," she said.
     Vicki smiled at that.  "Last, there's Collin.  I think that he's
only a year older than Richard.  He's also Ben's nephew.  Rumor has
it that Collin had his start down the kinky road when he found his
uncle's porn collection.  At least, that's when he found out that he
wasn't alone in his kinkiness.
     "Collin isn't engaged or married.  He has at least three girls
that he dates on and off.  I think that he's too afraid to commit to
any one of them.  That juggling has landed him in trouble, when he
couldn't convince any of the three of them to dress up for him!  Oh,
maybe I should explain..."
     "Richard explained the parties and the friday nights," Jennifer
said.
     Vicki nodded.  "All right.  Collin *really* doesn't like to
dress up in drag when he can't get someone to show off on his friday
nights.  Fortunately, this last year he's been fairly lucky with
getting one of them to dress up."
     Jennifer's stomach rumbled.  "I seem to have skipped breakfast. 
Care to join me?" she asked.
     "I already ate," she said.  "I'll just nibble on some toast if
you want to make yourself something."
     Jennifer stood up and wriggled over to the kitchen.  Vicki
followed her and made herself some toast as Jennifer poured herself a
bowl of cereal.
     "So," Jennifer said between bites.  "What do you want to do
today?"
     "Oh, I don't have any big plans," she said.  "Maybe watch the
soaps today, chat with you and find out dirty secrets about Richard,
that sort of thing," she said with a smile.
     "Well, only if you tell me what you know," she said.
     As they finished up their breakfast, they returned to the living
room and turned on the television.  Slowly Vicki pried out details
about Richard's treatment of her.
     Jennifer told her about the first maid's outfit, and the locking
clothes that followed.  Then the chastity belt topic came up, with
and without phalluses.
     "Hmmmm," said Vicki.  "Dildoes in the chastity belt.  Seems
almost to go against the purpose of it... but I like the idea
somehow.  I've never tried it."
     "They vibrated, too," Jennifer said, and continued to talk about
her numerous experiences with it and the outfits she had worn with
it.
     Their conversation died down when the soap operas came on. 
"It's been months since I've seen Days," said Jennifer.
     "Let me fill you in," said Vicki.
     It was early afternoon, and Jennifer found that she had told her
almost everything about Richard and his sexual habits.  "It seems
like I've been doing all the talking," she said.  "What about you?"
     "I have a confession to make," she said.  "I'm fascinated with
this vibrating chastity belt thing," she said.  "You know that I'm
going to *have* to try it."
     Jennifer though about this.  "I think that the box setup with
the switch is still in his den.  If you want to try that..." she
said.
     "That sounds interesting," said Vicki.  "I'd like to try it with
the whole getup that you were wearing... assuming that it would fit. 
We dont' seem to be too different in sizes."
     They quickly compared measurements, and found that they were
rather similar.  "Let's head up to my bedroom," she said.
     The two stiletto heeled women went to Jennifer's room.  The
inflated rubber wedding dress was still prominen in the center of the
room.  "We have to do something about that," said Jennifer.  "There
has to be a way to let the air out.  I don't want to wreck it -- I
bet that Richard would get upset."
     "Maybe you could leave it out," Vicki said, stepping around it. 
"I bet he'd be tickled pink to find out that you got into it on your
own.
     Jennifer thought about this, and nodded.  There was still room
for the two of them to look in her mostly empty closet.
     "When you said whole getup," said Jennifer, "did you mean the
red hobble dress or the black rubber maid's outfit?" she asked.
     Vicki thought for a moment.  "How about the red dress," she
said.
     Jennifer nodded, and gathered the parts together.  Locking red
heels, long red rubber gloves, red corset, and dress.  The double
dildo chastity belt was in her dresser drawer.  "Richard must have
put it there," she mumbled.  The last items were the wrist restraints
that would fit into the timing device.
     Vicki had already disrobed.  First, the red satin corset.  It
took her over ten minutes to lace her into it.  "That's really
tight!" Vicki said when she was done.
     "There's still over an inch left," said Jennifer.  "But I can't
get it any tighter."
     Next, Vicki sat down on the bed and Jennifer locked the six inch
stiletto heels onto her feet.  "Locks for the shoes are interesting,"
said Vicki.  "That idea might turn Henry on."
     The rubber gloves took some struggling with, but they managed to
put them on Vicki.  Next, was the chastity belt.  Jennifer found that
Richard had left some lubricant on her dresser drawer.  She liberally
greased up the rear phallus before locking it around Vicki's
corsetted waist and pulling the center strap through.
     Vicki helped with the belt.  It took a couple of minutes for her
to pull the plugs inside of her.  When both phalluses were tightly
within her, she connected the crotch piece to the lock at the front
of the belt.
     Vicki was about to get into the dress, but Jennifer stopped her.
 "Let's get that on later," she said.  "You'll see."
     Jennifer led them out, and Vicki had no trouble keeping up. 
Vicki carried the red hobble dress and the wrist cups as they made
their way to his den
     Vicki followed as quickly as she could.  "These dildoes
definitely keep the mind in the gutter," she said.  "Right now, I
could go for ripping off Henry's clothes and throwing him to the bed!
 That is, if he were around."
     Finally, they arrived in Richard's den.  Sure enough, two chairs
were set up with timer boxes and automatic restraints.
     Jennifer ran the wire up from the box through the dress to the
receptacle in the chastity belt.  Then, she helped Vicki get into the
dress.  When she was done, Vicki was having problems standing in the
dress and heels.
     She helped Vicki sit down in the chair.  Jennifer carefully bent
over and fastened Vicki's ankles to the chair.  Then, she had Vicki
put her hands behind her, and Jennifer put the metal forks into the
box.
     Nothing happened, and the forks did not stay in place.  "Is
something wrong?" asked Vicki.
     "I think I need to set the timer," she said.  Sure enough, the
timer said '0:00:00'  Without understainding what she was doing, she
pushed the buttons on the device.  Suddenly, the readout had
'2:00:00' on it.
     "Close enough," she mumbled, putting the box back on the floor
with the face away from Vicki.  She returned to Vicki and plugged the
forks into the control box.  Immediately, she heard the surge of
power and the hum of the vibrators.
     "Woooooo!" said Vicki.  "Oh, god!"
     Jennifer managed to reach the control button and place it in
Vicki's hands.  "I'm not sure where the armbinder is," she said, "So
you'll just have to hold on to this.  Remember, pushing the button
stops the vibrations, but adds time."
     "Oh my god!" she said.  "How long did you set it for?"
     "An hour or so," she lied, feeling mischevious.
     "Maybe this wasn't such a good idea," said Vicki.  Her breathing
was fast and it appeared that she was laboring against the corset. 
She wriggled in the tight rubber hobble dress that hugged her body.
     "I managed it," Jennifer replied.  "I'm going to let you stew
there for awhile," she said.  "I'm going to head downstairs and see
if I can find any other interesting outfits to wear."
     Jennifer was halfway down the stairs to the basement when she
rememberd that Richard had the only key to the chastity belt that
Vicki now wore.  The keys in her room would not work.  Jennifer's
release from the belt was hundreds of miles away.
     Jennifer thought about turning around and telling Vicki, but
decided against it.  "Nothing I can do about it now," she said aloud.
 "She might as well have some fun first!" 




HIRED HELP

Chapter 24

     Jennifer was sitting down in front of the television, naked
except for the nineteen inch satin corset and the locked on stiletto
heels.  She heard Vicki's moans from the other room, and used the
remote control to turn the volume up.  There was a bowl of popcorn
next to her on the couch that was half gone.
     "Over a hundred cable channels," she said aloud.  "I can feel
myself turning into a potato!"
     A black vinyl outfit was laid out on the remaining couch space. 
Jennifer had gone to the basement, and found an outfit that
interested her.  However, this one required assistance to get into
it.  Jennifer munched on another handful of lightly salted popcorn
and waited in front of the television.
     Three sit-coms later, the moaning from the other room finally
stopped.  Jennifer looked over her shoulder, and waited for Vicki to
walk through the doorway.  Several minutes passed, and no one entered
the room.
     She got to her stiletto heeled feet and headed for Richard's
den.  When she arrived there, she saw Vicki panting against the
tightness of the corset.  Her eyes were closed, and sweat could be
seen at her feet.  The cuffs were unlocked from the chain, but she
was barely moving.
     "Vicki?" she asked.  "Are you all right?"  Jennifer saw that the
control button was not in her hands.  Instead, it was on the floor.
     Jennifer checked a clock.  It was two hours since Vicki had
first started her ordeal.  "God!  She didn't even have one break!"
     Vicki did not respond to this.  Jennifer walked over to her and
gently tapped her on the shoulder.  "Vicki?"
     "Where's the condoms?" she asked without opening her eyes.  "I
really think that we need to be on the ninth floor.  That's where the
best banjo music is."
     "Vicki?!" she asked, now alarmed.
     "Did you know that four out of five dentists prefer cucumbers
over carrots as the marital aid of choice?" Vicki said, as she slowly
opened her eyes.  "And when I pluck my eyebrows, a live crow will
tapdance for you."
     Jennifer bent down and unbuckled Vicki's ankles.  She started to
unzip the red rubber hobble dress, but in was locked into place by
the small padlock.  The key for it was in her room, and not movable
from there.  "Come on, Vicki!  Come back to me!"
     Vicki tried to focus on her.  "Where...  what...?" she asked. 
"I... oh, god!" she exclaimed.  "It just wouldn't stop!  I've never
had anything like that before!"
     "You dropped the control button," Jennifer said.
     "I did that on purpose," she said, still not fully focused.
     "Why?" asked Jennifer.
     "I figured that I could get done sooner.  Didn't want to shoot
the whole evening.  Oh," she continued.  "I've really gotta pee."
     "Can you walk?" Jennifer asked.  Vicki tried to get to her feet,
and Jennifer had to grab ahold of her to prevent her from falling. 
"Let's go," said Jennifer."
     She helped Vicki out of the room.  "You know, it's a real bitch
to walk in this dress with these shoes after you've had your mind
melted by sex," she said.
     "That's not a revelation to me," replied Jennifer.
     Finally, they made it to her bedroom.  They had to maneuver
around the still inflated wedding dress to get to the keyring. 
First, Jennifer unlocked the wrist restraints for the control box. 
Then, Jennifer unlocked the top padlock, and unzipped the dress. 
Vicki was now wearing the long red rubber gloves, the red corset, the
locked on red patent stiletto heels, and the double dildo chastity
belt.
     Vicki was recovered enough from her ordeal to make it to the
bathroom on her own.  Jennifer used the metal fork to unlock the
chastity belt, and after the phalluses were removed, Vicki proceeded
with her business.
     "I think I'm done," she said.  Vicki got up and tried to walk
out of the bathroom.  She found out that she was still connected to
the bathroom cabinet, and could not leave.  "What is this?" she
asked.  "Where is the key for this thing?"
     "Well..." said Jennifer.  "After you were all done up and on the
chair, I remembered that Richard has the only key for the belt, at
least that I know of," she said.  "And he's on the east coast.  The
way it works now, the only way to disconnect yourself from the
bathroom is to reconnect the belt."
     "Why didn't you tell me?" she asked.
     "I thought that I told you how it worked.  And, honestly, I
forgot about it when you said that you wanted to try it on."
     Vicki looked down at the belt.  "Well... if worst came to worst,
I could always have it cut off.  I bet that Richard wouldn't be happy
about that."
     "Probably not," said Jennifer.
     Vicki sat back down on the toilet and started to put the plugs
back in their places.  "Hmmmmm... let me think.  You are the one that
got me into this.  I'd say that you have to be punished."
     "Huh?" said Jennifer.
     "I don't get to play the dominant much," she said.  "What don't
you understand?  Doesn't Richard punish you for being bad?"
     "Well... I guess so.  But I told you how they worked earlier."
     "Yea.  And you also said that there was one that didn't have a
lock on it.  I just assumed that this was the one."
     Jennifer decided that it wasn't worth arguing over.  "Well,
maybe it was my fault.  But what do you want to do about it?"
     Vicki finished connecting the belt, and the two phalluses were
now firmly inside of her.  The metal fork was kicked out, and she was
free to leave the bathroom.  "I'm not sure yet.  Why don't we sit  in
front of the tube, and I'll think of something."
     Vicki took off the rubber gloves before joining Jennifer in the
living room.  "What is this?" she asked as she saw the vinyl outfit
on the couch."
     "Oh, that's something interesting that I found in the basement,"
she said.  "I was going to wait until you were done to put it on.  I
think that it takes two people to get it on."
     "Let's find out," said Vicki.  She picked it up and examined it
as it unfolded.
     At first glance, it appeared to be a black vinyl bodysuit. 
"This has shoes attached," Vicki said.  "Why don't you go to your
room and take yours off?" she said.
     Jennifer headed for her room and unlocked the heels from her
feet.  She felt very odd walking back, and the muscles at the back of
her legs felt very sore and objected to being stretched out again. 
She put it out of her mind and headed back to the living room,
wearing only the ultra tight black satin corset.
     She returned, and Vicki wasted no time in getting her into it. 
Just as Jennifer sat down on the couch, Vicki was guiding Jennifer's
legs into the outfit.
     There were high heels attached, of course.  These were higher
than she had ever seen before.  When her legs were fully in the shiny
outfit, she noticed something odd.  Instead of pushing her toes out,
these shoes held her toes down.  It looked like her black vinyl
covered feet were pointed straight down, with what she guessed was
eight to nine inch heels coming down behind each foot.
     Jennifer did not try to put her weight on her feet.  She shifted
on the couch and allowed Jennifer to pull the outfit up around her
and past her rear.  As she did this, Jennifer noticed that the outfit
was crotchless.
     Next, Vicki pulled the outfit up her torso.  The shiny vinyl
covered her torso completely except for two small holes for her
nipples.
     The sleeves were next.  Jennifer put her arms into the sleeves,
but she did not see them emerge from the black vinyl.  They were
swallowed up, as each sleeve ended in an attached thumbless mitten. 
There must have been some sort of reinforcement in the mittens,
because Jennifer found that she could not even wriggle her hands in
the mittens.
     Lastly, Vicki zipped the outfit up in back.  Once it was zipped
up, her entire body was covered with very tight black vinyl, except
for her nipples, crotch, and head.  The outfit even covered her neck.
 Jennifer was sure that without this extremely tight corset, the
vinyl body suit would not have been able to fit around her waist.
     "Now that's interesting," said Vicki, still wearing the chastity
belt, red corset, and matching locked on red heels.  "Even though
you're not tied to anything, and all you're limbs are free, you
really can't do anything!"
     Jennifer experimentally reached behind her, and found that her
mittened hands could not budge the zipper to the outfit.  "That seems
to be true," she said.  Jennifer started to shift her weight to her
feet and stand up, but the intense pressure on her toes convinced her
to abort the attempt.
     "Tried to stand?" Vicki asked.
     Jennifer nodded.  "So, you were going to punish me?" she asked.
     "I think this outfit will do for a start," she said.
     "I just wanted to try it on," Jennifer said with just a hint of
a whine in her voice.
     "Too bad.  I just wanted to try this belt on.  See where that
got me?"
     Jennifer found herself a prisoner on the couch.  She guessed
that she could crawl if she had to, but that didn't appeal to her
right now.
     The television was still on, and Jennifer tried to settle down
to watch it as Vicki left the room.  When she returned, she was
wearing the red leather miniskirt and the red halter top that she was
wearing when she arrived.  The red satin corset was visible between
the two pieces.  The corset was just a shade or two lighter than the
leather.  The locking red stiletto heels were still on her feet.
     "I'm going to be gone for awhile," Vicki said, answering
Jennifer's unvoiced question.  "Now, don't get into any trouble while
I'm gone," she said.
     "How could I?" said Jennifer, shrugging with her black vinyl
encased arms.
     Vicki left the house and walked out into the evening air. 
Jennifer heard her drive off, and leave her there alone, in the vinyl
body suit with ballet heels and mittens.
     "Oh, no!" she said.  "Not 'Brady Bunch' reruns!"  Jennifer
fumbled for the remote, but all she managed to do was push it between
the cushions of the couch.  Unwilling to crawl over to the television
and fumble with the controls, she let out a long sigh and tried to
tune it out.
     An hour of teeth gritting was ended when Vicki finally walked
back inside.  She carried a large picnic basket and was wearing the
same outfit that she left in.  "Have you been good?" she asked.
     "I don't deserve *this* kind of punishment!" Jennifer said.  "An
hour of 'Brady Bunch' reruns and I can't even use the remote!" she
said.  "What kind of monster are you, anyway?!"
     Vicki chuckled evilly at this.  "You haven't seen anything yet,"
she said.  "I've listened to the guys talk about their escapades and
fantasies.  That kind of thing can give a girl a few ideas!"




HIRED HELP

Chapter 25

     It was a couple more hours before Vicki broke into her picnic
basket.  By the time she did, it was nearly bedtime.
     "Come on," she said to Jennifer.  "Let's go to bed."
     Vicki helped Jennifer to her feet.  Jennifer had to put a great
deal of her weight on Vicki to walk in the trecharous ballet stiletto
heels.  "I wanted to be a ballerina when I was a girl," Jennifer
said.  "I take it back -- all of it -- right now!"
     Vicki helped her to the bathroom so she could relieve herself
before bedtime.  "How does this thing work?" Vicki asked.  "This
sleep timer thing that you told me about?  You know that I have to
try that out as well.  Especially now that I've got the belt on."
     Vicki was about to tell her how to work it, then suddenly
changed her mind.  I'll get you back, she thought deviously.  "It has
a kind of code sequence to it," she said.  "Like some of the
programmable VCRs.  It's not set properly now.  Each of the four
knobs works changes one of the numbers.  Richard said that there are
several codes to work it and make it do different things.  There's
only one that he told me.  First number needs to be thirty.  Second
number ten.  Third number should be thirty, and the fourth number
should be forty."  There!  That ought to have the thing buzzing
for... almost six hours!  It will be buzzing almost twice as much as
it will be off!  "There's a place on the belt to plug it into."
     "Have you ever tried other combinations?" Vicki asked.
     "I... was afraid to try," she said.
     "Hmmm," she said.  She found the wrist cuffs for the bed and
locked them to her wrists.  "We'll get to that later," she said. 
Vicki helped her out of the bathroom and then had her lie down on the
floor on a blanket that she had laid out for her.
     The first thing that she did was to dig inside of her picnic
basked and emerge with a ball gag.  Before Jennifer could object, she
had put it into Jennifer's mouth and buckled it into place.  "I don't
want you to disturb my sleep," she said.
     Like you're going to get any, Jennifer thought.  She would have
smiled if the gag would have let her.
     Next, Vicki brought out a metal bar with leather straps on the
end.  With a few quick adjustments, she pulled it apart.  Jennifer
recognized it as a spreader bar.  Vicki knelt down and locked her
black vinyl encased ankles into the device  Jenifer did not resist. 
When it was done, her crotch was open and exposed to the world.
     Vicki went to her basket again and returned with another pair of
 bars.   It took her some time to assemble her next device.  When she
was done, she had a large central metal half loop with two metal bars
extending opposite directions.  The half loop could be completed with
a leather strap.  Each metal bar ended in a loop big enough for a
person's wrist.
     Vicki held up Jennifer's head and slid the metal half loop under
her neck.  She fastened it relatively loosely around her neck with
the leather strap.  Then, she attached each of Jennifer' vinyl
encased wrists to the ends of the metal bars.
     When she was done, Jennifer's arms were sticking straight out. 
There was no way that she would be able to move them in any direction
at all.  If she could manage to sit up, she could twirl one forward
at the cost of forcing the other one to go back.
     "Almost done," Vicki said, digging in her picnic basket yet
again.  When her hands emerged, they were holding a large dildo with
a power cord emerging from the base.  Vicki knelt down on the floor
and plugged the power cord into a nearby wall outlet.  The vibrating
dildo immediately came to life.
     She slowly pushed it up against Jennifer's exposed pussy. 
"Mmmmmgh!" she said through the gag.  Jennifer found that she was
almost immediately wet.
     Once she was lubricated, Vicki guided the dildo up into her. 
Just when it was almost all the way inside of her, she unplugged it
from the wall.
     Jennifer twisted her hips in frustration.  Vicki went to her
picnic basket yet again.  She emerged with a metal rod about two and
a half feet long.  She sat down on the floor, and proceeded to attach
one end of the pole to the dildo.
     The other end was fastened to the center of the leg spreader. 
When she was done, Jennifer was not able to bend her knees.  If she
did, it would push the dildo even further inside of her, and that
became uncomfortable almost immediately.  The dildo was now also
securely within her.  No amount of wriggling would get it out of her
now.
     "Only one of us can use your bed," Vicki said.  "But, I didn't
want you to miss out on anything."  She stood up and took yet another
object out of the basket.  It looked like a small rectangular box
with a dial on the front.  Vicki plugged it into the wall socket.
     Jennifer looked at it, and slowly realized what it was.  Vicki
plugged the dildo into the box, but the dildo did not come to life. 
"It's a timer for a house," explained Vicki.  "Like the ones used to
turn lights on and off when you go on vacation.  This one is set to
turn on and off every half of an hour," she said.  "I hope you like
it."
     Oh, god! thought Jennifer.  I'm going to go through something
almost as bad as she's going to!
     Or almost as good, depending on your point of view, whispered a
depraved little corner of her mind.
     Jennifer moaned through her gag as Vicki prepared for bed.  She
took off the red leather halter top and red miniskirt.  She was left
in the chastity belt, the corset, and the locking heels.  Vicki
dimmed the lights to almost nothing.  Then, she flopped on the bed,
out of Jennifer's sight.  She heard Vicki dialing the controls, and
then heard the clicking noises as she plugged her cuffs into the
chain.
     The dildoes inside the belt roared to life.  Within minutes, she
heard Vicki panting and moaning on the bed.  One red heeled leg
flopped over the side of the bed, over Jennifer, then disappeared out
of sight.
     "Stop!" said Vicki.  "Oh god!" she said aloud.  "How do you turn
this off?" Vicki asked.
     Jennifer could not possibly respond through her gag.  At that
moment, the timer on the wall triggered, and the dildo inside of her
came to life.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 26

     Jennifer wasn't sure if she even managed to get to sleep that
night.
     Her enforced pose was hard to relax in.  Combining that with the
heat of the black vinyl body suit, it took Jennifer almost a half of
an hour to start to drift off to sleep.  By that time, of course, the
dildo inside of her would buzz back to life.
     She tried to keep herself still through her ordeals.  But, a few
times, she couldn't help but thrash about as the pleasure overcame
her.  Bending her legs just thrust the dildo deeper inside of her,
and mixed the intense pleasure with a dose of discomfort and a twinge
of pain.
     Vicki did not seem to be faring much better.  Sometime past
midnight, she started to babble like she had in the red hobble dress.
 This only made it harder for Jennifer to get to sleep when the dildo
was quiescent within her.
     There was no window in the room, so Jennifer could only guess
about the passage of time.  She moaned through her gag, and struggled
to breath against the tightness of the corset.  Jennifer was
surprised that she was not passing out in the corset.  However, she
came very close at least once.
     Click, click.  Finally!  thought Jennifer.  Her dildo had been
quiet for some time.  She's been released!
     She heard Vicki moan and move about.  A few minutes later, she
saw her swing her stiletto heeled feet around and down to the floor. 
Vicki had to lean on the bed and the walls to make it to the
bathroom.
     There was the sound of urination, then the belt being locked
back in place.  Jennifer saw that Vicki's eyes were barely open when
she made her way back to the bed.  "Where's the snooze on this
thing?" she asked blearily as she climbed back on the bed.  
     "Mmmmmfg!" she said through her gag.  What about me?! Jennifer
thought.  With a sinking sensation, she heard Vicki flop down on the
bed and start to snore soflty.
     Oh, god!  When is she going to wake up? thought Jennifer.  It
was at that moment that the dildo within her returned to life.

     The vibrator went through four more cycles before Jennifer heard
sounds of life from the bed.  "What a night," Vicki said as she sat
up in the bed.
     "Mmmm!  Nnngnmmm!" said Jennifer, with the vibrator buzzing
within her.
     "In a minute," she said, rubbing her eyes.  "I have to wake up
first."
     I have yet to get to sleep! thought Jennifer.
     Vicki lowered her towering heels to the floor, then slowly knelt
down beside Jennifer.  "I should let you finish," she decided, as she
returned to her feet.  "I have errands to run.  I'll be back in a
while.
     No! thougth Jennifer as she tried to yell through her gag. 
Don't leave me here.  I have to pee!
     Vicki did not hear her silent plea.  She found her red leather
halter top and red leather miniskirt and put them on over the corset
and the chastity belt.  "I won't be long," she promised.
     By the time Vicki returned, Jennifer had just started to
experience yet another cycle of the dildo.  Her bladder was very
full, and it was everything she could do to hold it in.
     Mercifully, Vicki knelt down and unplugged the dildo from the
box.  She first released the bar that held the dildo in place, then
the leg spreader was removed from her.
     The bar between her arms took Vicki a minute or so to unfasten. 
As soon as the gag was off, Jennifer spoke up.  "I have to go to the
bathroom *now*!" she said.
     Vicki helped her to her toes, and guided her to the bathroom. 
Almost before she was fully seated, she started doing her business.
     "I'm very behind schedule," said Vicki.  "So I don't have too
much time.  One question:  I have an outfit ready for you to wear out
with Richard tonight.  It should drive him wild.  I also have two
tickets for the latest musical.  Do you want to be dressed up for him
when he arrives, or not?"
     Jennifer thougth about this.  "I'm really tired," she said,
"Thanks to your snooze."
     "Don't tell me that you didn't enjoy it," said Vicki.
     Jennifer did not answer the question.  "I don't know when I'll
get my next opportunity.  Get me out of this, and then let's do it,"
she said.
     "Take a quick shower, and meet me in the living room," said
Vicki.  "The boxes that I brought are out there.
     Vicki unzipped the outfit from her and helped her slide out. 
The inside was covered with sweat.  Jennifer jumped in the shower as
Vicki left the room.

     Jennifer's ankles were very tight.  She found that the only way
that she could comfortably stand now was to walk on her tiptoes. 
Trying to put her feet flat resulted in her calf muscles crying out
in pain.  I've got to stretch them out sometime, Jennifer thought to
herself.  Because she was still wearing the ultratight corset,
Jennifer skipped the shower in favor of a sponge bath and a quick
hair wash.  After she dried herself off and did the best she could
with her hair, she slipped on Vicki's pair of red stiletto heeled
shoes and walked out to the living room.
     Vicki was there, unpacking a pair of large boxes.  "We only have
an hour," she said.  "I have to meet them at the airport."
     "The tickets are on the coffee table here," she continued. 
"Start with these," she said, handing Jennifer a pair of black rubber
stockings.
     Jennifer sat down on the couch, took off the shoes, and rolled
them up her legs.  They fit tightly, and came up to her crotch.  
     The next thing that Vicki handed her was a black rubber garter
belt.  She slid it up and placed it around her nineteen inch waist. 
Then, she fastened the rubber stocking to the belt.
     Long black rubber gloves were next.  These came all the way to
her armpits.
     Vicki came over to her with a pair of shoes.  "I had these made
special," she said.  Jennifer saw that they were made of black
patent, with at least six buckling straps on each to hold it in
place.  The heels were higher than she had seen, with the exception
of the ballet heels.  "Seven inches on the dot," said Vicki.
     Jennifer felt like her toes were being bent back as far as they
could possibly go.  After Vicki strapped the pair of them over her
rubber covered feet, she gingerly rose to her feet.
     A few experimental steps showed that walking was barely
possible.  Jennifer quickly sat back down again.  "What next?" she
asked.
     "Open wide," said Vicki.  Jennifer slowly opened up her mouth,
and Vicki slid in what seemed to be a large mouthpiece, like a boxer
or football player would use.
     Jennifer knew that she could easily spit it out.  The next thing
that Vicki took out looked like a stylish sequined hat.  However, it
had two thin straps that looked to be more than just functional.
     Vicki put the hat on her head, then pulled the two straps down
below her chin.  She fastened them together very tightly.  The two
halves came together with a click that told Jennifer that there was
some sort of lock that held them together.  It felt to Jennifer that
there was some sort of adhesive on the straps as they passed under
her chin.  She tried to say something, but found that the straps held
her mouth firmly shut.  With the mouthpiece in place, she was
effectively gagged.
     A rubber brasseire was the next thing that Vicki added to the
outfit.  She dug deeper into the boxes, and returned with what looked
like large leather handcuffs.
     The first pair she fastened around Jennifer's ankles.  The
second pair was large enough to fit just above Jennifer's knees. 
When they were in place, Jennifer could move her ankles a maximum of
four inches apart.  Her knees could be separated by no more than two
inches.
     "Now the dress," said Vicki.  Jennifer leaned on her as she
managed to stand up.  Vicki helped Jennifer to put the dress on over
her head.  It was made of black satin, and there was a layer of
crinoline underneath to give some body to the skirt.  The dress
covered her neck and adhered to her arms all the way down to her
wrists.  Vicki zipped it up, and the dressed was sized to fit her
nineteen inch waist almost exactly.  The skirt was long enough that
when she was standing, the heels would not be visible.  The only bit
of kink that would be visible would be her rubber encased hands. 
Jennifer noticed that there seemed to be pockets in the dress.  She
put her hands in them, but found out that they were simply openings
in the dress.
     The last thing that Vicki did was to bring out a matching black
satin purse.  "Hold this with both hands," she said.  Jennifer did
so, and as she did, Vicki took one of the handles of the purse and
wrapped it around both of her wrists.  Jennifer was surprised to find
out that once the strap was firmly buckled in place, it served quite
effectively as a pair of inobvious handcuffs.  The black material of
the purse strap was barely visible against the shiny black of the
outfit.
     "You look splendid!" said Vicki.  "Now, I have to get to the
airport, and convince Richard to unlock me from this damn chastity
belt!




HIRED HELP

Chapter 27

     Jennifer sat down to wait as Vicki left the house.  Only a few
minutes passed before she became fidgety.
     If I'm going to go all the way to a musical with him, I had
better learn how to maneuver in this, she thought to herself. 
Besides, I want to make it to a mirror to see how I look.
     It took her three tries to make it to her feet.  The first two
times, she lost her balance and plopped back down on the couch.
     Each step took her only a few inches forward.  She had to
wriggle her ankles in an extremely tight circular motion to walk. 
The nearest mirror was in her room, so she made that her destination.
     She had never tried to walk in heels this high before, and her
toes and the balls of her feet were starting to ache.  By the time
she reached her room, she just wanted to sit down and take the weight
off of her towering stiletto heeled feet.
     Jennifer stopped and saw herself in the mirror.  The strap
holding the hat in place looked tight.  Her narrow waist and
contrasting full bustline was sure to be an attention grabber.  The
shiny black satin of the dress covered her from neck to the floor. 
The fact that the gloves were shiny black rubber was not obvious at a
first glance, but required a bit of staring to determine.  The woman
staring back at her in the mirror did not look like a woman almost
completely helpless in bondage.  Instead, she saw a woman dressed up
in formal attire, looking out demurely at the world.
     Jennifer looked around the room and saw that the inflated
wedding gown and undergarments were still scattered around her room. 
The mermaid outfit that she had taken from downstairs was also still
in her room.  Damn! she thought.  I would have liked to have cleaned
all of that up before Richard arrived.
     The ache in her feet was starting to become unbearable. 
Jennifer inched her way to the bed, and plopped down gracelessly when
she was close enough.
     Jennifer had no idea what the passage of time was.  When the
ache in her feet subsided, she decided that she had better return to
the living room, to greet Richard when he arrived.
     Jennifer was only halfway there when she heard an automobile
driving up to the mansion.  She tried to hurry, but nearly lost her
balance.  A few inches a second was all that she could manage.  Even
at that rate, she found that the movements took quite an exertion on
her part.  As her breathing increased, she became acutely aware of
the ultratight corset that remained around her waist.
     She was only a few feet from the couch when the door opened. 
"Jennifer?" Richard called out before he had entered the house.
     Jennifer tried to respond, but all that came out was a mumble. 
Richard walked inside, and stopped in place when he saw her inching
forward towards him.  "Jennifer?  Where did you get that dress?" he
asked as he set his suitcase down.
     She could only mumble again.  Jennifer smiled at him, and
revealed her mouthpiece to him.  Richard walked over to her, with a
smile forming on his face.
     "I don't think this is quite appropriate uniform, but I think
that I like it," he said.  Richard was now only inches away from her.
 She could feel herself becoming wet under the dress, even though
there was nothing down there to stimulate her.
     He touched her face with his fingers, then ran his hands down
her smooth satiny dress.  They hesitated at the narrowest portion of
her waist, and felt the hard, ever so tight corset underneath.  "I
see!" he exclaimed when he touched touched her rubber gloved hands.
     Without any hesitation he reached down and pulled up her skirt. 
What he saw must have met with his approval, because he was smiling
broadly when he let the skirt drop.  "What a wonderful woman you
are!" he said, cupping her face with both of his hands and giving her
a long kiss.
     Jennifer's heart was pounding after he did this to her.  She
tried to say 'thank you', but again the gag reduced that to a mere
mumble.  Richard gently guided her to the couch, then picked up his
suitcase and headed towards his room.
     He stopped when he saw the tickets on the coffee table and
picked them up.  "Two tickets... front row.. seating starts at six. 
A limousine will be here at five thirty for us, as well."  The smile
was gone from Richard's face, replaced by a stunned look.  "How did
you know?" he asked as he looked at her.
     Of course, Jennifer could not answer.  Richard stared at her for
the longest time.  Slowly, the stunned look faded.  "You must have
had help getting into that.  You must have had help getting it
*peroid*.  Did Vicki help you?" he asked.
     Jennifer nodded, and looked down briefly.  When she looked back
up, Richard was smiling at her again.  That look on his face mad her
feel weak and she trembled a bit.  Jennifer was glad that she was
sitting down.  She was sure that there was more than just a bit of
dampness between her legs now.
     "Well, this will be a formal affair tonight," said Richard.  "I
need to get dressed.  This is an unexpected surprise!  I see that
Vicki was doing something other than trying out the sex toys here!"
     Richard disappeared from the room.  When he returned, some
twenty minutes later, he was dressed in a white tuxedo, complete with
black tie, white top hat, white shoes, white gloves, and a white
walking cane.  "Perhaps this is a bit of an anachronism," he said. 
"But why not?"
     Richard tucked the tickets into his pocket, and then sat down
next to her on the couch.  "We have a few minutes to kill before the
limousine arrives," he said.  "What can we possibly do to amuse
ourselves?
     One white gloved hand slowly worked its way around her, while
the other went to her lap.  After feeling the flesh of her legs
underneath, through the satin and rubber, Richard slid the hand
around and into the apparent pocket of the dress.
     He put his gloved hand between her rubber encased legs. 
Jennifer moaned, and wished that he would move his hand up, towards
her waiting pussy.  Richard took his time, slowly sliding it up as
his other arm reached around her and fondled her breast through the
dress.
     Finally, his gloved fingers brushed against her wet sex.  She
moaned in ecstasy even when he was only teasing the outside.  He
played with her down there, gently tugging on her pubic hair and only
slowly worked one of his fingers inside of her.
     Jennifer moved her hips around as best she was able to.  She
strained to spread her legs apart, to help him get inside of her. 
The restraints above her knees and at her ankles held fast, and
allowed her to separate her thighs only an inch.
     "You seem to be a bit wet down there," he said.  "Did something
turn you on?"
     *You* turn me on, you damn tease! thought Jennifer.  Her cries
were muffled by her mouthpiece.  She took her cuffed hands and pushed
them down onto her skirt, trying to push Richard's hand further
inside of her.
     She suceeded for a brief moment, and brought his finger in
contact with her aching clitoris.  But just a few seconds later,
Richard pulled his hand from out of her dress.
     "I think that our ride is here," he said.
     Jennifer moaned in frustration.  Oh, god I want you!
     He helped Jennifer to her feet.  Ever so slowly, she walked
forward towards the door.  Richard strode forward and opened the door
for her.  "After you?" he said.
     His eyes were glued to her as she slowly made her way out of the
driveway.  Jennifer gave him a long look as well.  She would almost
bet that her juices were running down her rubber covered legs at that
very moment.
     As Jennifer made her way through the doorway, the limousine
pulled up.  Richard closed the door behind him as the driver of the
limo exited the car and opened up the long rear door.
     Richard walked beside her as they made their way to the black
vehicle.  When she made it to the car, Jennifer found it impossible
to step up into the car.
     Richard solved the problem by reaching down and bodily picking
her up.  She was caught completely by surprise by this.  The swirl of
skirts revealed to the driver all of the rubber and restraits that
she now wore.  The driver's eyebrows rose in surprise, but other than
that, he did not react.
     Richard carefully carried her into the vehicle.  The back was a
very luxurious semicircular seat, that could comfortably seat six. 
He carefully placed her in the plush leather seats, then sat down
beside her.  The driver closed the door behind them and slowly
started the limo along its way.
     "I apologize for my rudeness," Richard said suddenly.  "I
neglected to tell you how stunning you look tonight.  That dress does
wonders for you.  You look fabulous, Jennifer," he said, and gave her
another kiss on the lips.
     Jennifer let out a feeble moan when he was done.  She tried to
snuggle up closer to him, but she was already about as close as she
could get.  As they rode, Richard's hand once again worked its way
through the slit in her dress and crept towards her soaked pussy.
     A half of an hour of torturous teasing was Jennifer's fate.  He
always seemed to know when she was close, and backed away.  By the
time they were slowing down, Jennifer was panting against the
tightness of the corset and she was moaning with every available
exhalation.
     "We're here," said Richard.  They slowed to a stop.  A minute
later, the door opened, and the driver stood there, waiting.
     Richard exited first, but waited for her at the doorway. 
Jennifer tried to slither forward, but could make little progress. 
He leaned in and held her by the waist and shoulder.  Jennifer
precariously made her way forward with her hobbled legs and seven
inch stiletto heeled feet.  As she finally emerged from the car, her
skirt was raised enough to reveal the shoes beneath.
     Several well dressed couples were lingering around, and now were
staring at her as she emerged.  Jennifer felt a wave of heat come
across her face as they looked on.  As Richard slowly led her
forward, the couples dispersed with some whispers, and headed towards
the main entrance to the theater.
     Richard and Jennifer slowly followed in their footsteps.  "Do
you need some assistance?" said a man dressed in uniform as they
neared the front counter.
     "Just a little time, that's all," said Richard.
     The man came toward them.  "I can take your tickets if you
like."  Richard showed him the tickets, and he reacted immediately. 
"You can just follow me," he said.
     Their pace was painfully slow.  The sparsely populated theater
was becoming more and more crowded as they made their way down the
hall.  By the time they entered the theater proper, almost a third of
the seats were occupied.
     Jennifer was sure that they held the attention of more than
their fair share of guests.  Richard had almost a proud look on his
face, as Jennifer slowly worked her way forwards in the heels and the
hobbles.  All that the crowd could see was a tall woman dressed in
black satin, with a fabulous figure.  No one complained that they
were taking so long to make it to their seats.
     The usher patiently guided them to their seats.  They were at
the very center of the front row, but not near an aisle.  They had to
unseat an elderly couple as they made their way past.  As the old man
stared at her, and mumbled, Jennifer saw the woman step on his foot. 
As he stifled a cry of pain, the couple sat back down.  Richard and
Jennifer found their appointed seats, and Richard helped her to sit
down before taking his own seats.
     The theater continued to fill up.  Within minutes, the entire
front row was filled.  Jennifer found that there was a middle aged
woman on her side, with a like aged man one seat further down. 
Richard, on the other hand, had a man in his early twenties as his
immediate neighbor.  An attractive but older woman was a seat down
from him.  All of the guests were dressed up formally, although none
had as stunning of a figure as Jennifer.
     Jennifer found herself fidgeting.  Richard put his hands on her
lap, but did not make any move for her 'pockets'.  Instead, he took
ahold of her purse, and carefully unsnapped it.  "What did you bring
with?" he asked.
     She had no idea what was in her purse, so she looked down as
well.  She saw, to her great surprise, a seven inch long dildo at the
surface, with other sex toys below it.
     Jennifer turned beet red while Richard's smile grew so large
that she was wondering if his face was going to split in half.  "You
did indeed come prepared for a night of entertainment," he said. 
"You did indeed."




HIRED HELP

Chapter 28

     Richard carefully closed her purse, but did not snap it.  He
took off his top hat and put it on the floor in front of him, and put
his white gloves inside of it.  Afterwards, he put one arm around her
and leaned back in his chair.  "What a wonderful show this will be."
     "So," said the woman on Jennifer's side.  "Have you heard
anything about the show?"
     Jennifer was about to reply, when she remembered that she was
effectively gagged.  She just shook her head and hoped that the woman
would not try to engage her in more conversation.
     "This show was hot years ago," the woman said.  "I think Tim
Rice wrote it, if my memory serves me right," rambled the woman. 
"Have you seen anything else of his?" she asked.
     Jennifer shook her head again.  "Sorry to be rude.  My name is
Judy.  Yours?" she asked.
     How do I answer *that* with a headshake? Jennifer thought.  She
looked at Richard with imploring eyes.
     "I'm Richard, and this is Jennifer," he said.  Jennifer sighed
in relief through her nose.  "I think that the show is about to
start."
     Judy nodded and looked at the stage.  Sure enough, the lights
started to darken.  When the theater was nearly black, she felt
Richard's hand snake over to her purse and take something out of it. 
Her eyes had not yet adjusted, so she was not sure what he had taken.
     Jennifer felt his arm snake through the slit in her dress.  She
felt something rubbery pressing against her wet vagina.  Richard did
not try to push it into her, but simly rubbed it against the outer
lips and ran it through her pubic hair.
     A spotlight illuminated the stage and followed an actor as he
walked to the center of the stage.  She heard him give an
introduction about the musical, but the motions inside of her dress
were driving her to distraction.  There's wall to wall people here!
Jennifer thought.  I don't believe I'm here, doing this!
     Richard slowly twisted the rubber phallus, and started to work
it between her legs.  Even with Jennifer straining to spread her
legs, the restraints kept her thighs almost touching.  Richard was
able to make only slow progress towards his goal.
     The narrator finished his speech, and the spotlight went out. 
Jennifer wriggled and slid down in her chair.  She would have
slouched if the extremely tight corset would not have held her torso
rigid.  This twist made her pussy somewhat more acessible, and she
could feel the dildo slowly working its way inside of her.
     Jennifer found herself breathing very quickly.  The sound of her
breath through her nose was louder than she would have liked. 
Jennifer prayed that their neighbors would not notice the shenanigans
taking place next to them.
     The stage was lit now only with two spotlights.  A man and a
woman came on stage, dressed in relatively modern attire.  After a
bit of dialog, they started to sing a slow duet.
     To Jennifer, the action on the stage was as important as
background music in a grocery store.  The seats in the audience were
still in almost complete darkness, and Richard continued to worm the
phallus inside of her.  Jennifer's excitement continued to build as
he pushed it further and further inside of her.
     As the duet ended, Richard had pushed the dildo as far as it
would go inside of her.  She could feel his fingers tickling her
pubic hair, coming close to her clitoris...
     The spotlights went out.  The arm that had been around Jennifer
now moved as he still toyed around inside of her.  She felt him open
up her purse and take out something else.
     The whole stage seemed to light up, and the first few rows were
suddenly awash with light.  Richard calmly pulled his arm out of her
dress.  Jennifer looked around quickly.  Judy, the woman next to her,
seemed to be oblivious to it, and her attention was focused on the
stage.  However, the man on Richard's side was giving the two of them
a long, hard look.
     The props on stage had been changed to resemble a small town in
winter.  The stage filled with two dozen performers dressed in their
winter finery.  After a few minutes of dialog, the performers started
in on a meandering, multipart song.
     Not wanting to attract attention, Jennifer pushed herself back
into her seat.  The dildo was still inside of her, and was not in any
hurry to leave.  Jennifer twisted her hips and thrusted ever so
slightly, but that could not bring her any closer to a conclusion.
     Jennifer moaned softly and looked over to Richard.  He was
staring intently at the stage, with a smile on his face.  His hands
were folded together on his lap, hiding something that she could only
see the barest bit of.  She wanted to ask to leave *now*!  She was so
hot... both sexually and physically.  She could tell that sweat was
building up in the rubber that she wore under the dress.  But with
the concealed gag in her mouth, there was no way for her to voice her
desire.
     Finally, the number was done.  The performers filed off stage,
and the lights slowly dimmed.  Just as darkness came over the
theater, Richard's hand was again under her dress.  Something round
and hard slid against her rubber covered flesh.  She was thrilled
when she felt it sliding towards her wet and ready pussy.
     Richard pushed it inside her, above the dildo.  To Jennifer, it
felt like a small hard egg had been pushed inside of her.  He had to
work it inside of her, and Jennifer again slid down in her seat to
aide him.  The egg was now nestled in between her labia lips, above
the dildo.  It was ever so close to her waiting clitoris.  She felt
some sort of wire coming out from it, leading out through the slit in
her dress.
     The lights slowly returned, this time with three spotlights on
the stage.  Jennifer did not even try to keep her attention on the
stage.  Instead, she looked down and tried to see what Richard had
done.
     A thin black wire now led out from her dress and went to a small
box that was in Richard's hand.  He was looking at her with a smile
on his face.  As the orchestra started and the three performers
started to sing, he pushed one of the buttons on the control.
     The egg inside of her woke up and buzzed inside of her.  It was
for less than a second, but it was enough to make Jennifer spasm in
surprise.  Her legs shot out, and she tried to grap the handrests of
the chair.  The restrains of the pursestrap held, but the motion of
her secretly bound legs was visible.  Out of the corner of her eye,
she could see that Judy was looking at her.  As the vibrations died,
she looked at the stage, carefully lowered her legs, and worked her
way back into her chair.
     Every time that the music hit a particularly loud volume,
Richard would make the egg inside of her vibrate for a few seconds. 
There was never enough to get close to an orgasm, but always enough
to keep her aching for more.
     Eventually, the song ended, and the lights died once again. 
Jennifer wriggled in her seat, trying to move the dildo and the egg
around within her.  With her legs restrained together, the vibrations
had felt so intense within her that she was sure that it would take
less than thirty seconds for her to orgasm.  Richard had never come
close to allowing her that long of a period of stimulation.
     The next number, involving a half dozen actors, was more of the
same for Jennifer.  A sudden pause in the song caught Richard
unaware.  Before he could switch it off, there was a second of
silence that was filled only with the sound of the vibrating egg
concealed withing Jennifer's outfit.
     Judy looked at her sharply as Richard turned it off.  She looked
like she was about to say something, then the song suddenly resumed. 
The young man seated next to Richard also looked over.  Jennifer
could not be sure, but she thought that she saw a smile on his face.
     Richard was more cautious for the rest of the song.  He sent
only brief second-long pulses of electricity into the egg, sending
Jennifer into another spasm of frustration.
     The song ended, and the full lighting returned to the theather. 
Intermission! thought Jennifer.  People slowly started to get up and
head for the lobby.
     Richard concealed the controls by tucking them inside of her
dress.  She could feel the control box rolling around loose inside
the shiny black satin.
     Judy was very quick to leave her seat.  The man on Richard's
side stayed in place as his female companion left her seat and headed
for the door.
     I won't make it through two more acts! Jennifer thought to
herself.  I'll be moaning and trying to scream by halfway through the
second!  With no other way to communicate her desire, she carefully
moved her balance forward and tried to stand up.
     Jennifer made it only a few inches out of her seat, but Richard
saw her attempt.  "Need to stretch your legs?" he said with a smile
on his face.
     Stretch my legs now? she thought, rolling her eyes.  Richard
stood up and helped her get to her feet.  The man seated next to
Richard had his eyes locked onto her prominent breasts and tiny waist
in the form fitting black satin dress.
     As Jennifer took tiny steps forward, she felt a tugging in her
vagina.  Oh god!  The egg is still in there, and the controls are
swinging free!  She tried to clench her legs together, but that did
little good.  Just after they passed in front of the man, she felt it
pop loose from her.  There was an audible 'thunk' as the device hit
the floor.
     Richard seemed oblivious to it, and Jennifer had no way to
communicate her problem to him.  She continued on, with her cheeks
turning red.  As she made it a few seats down, she looked back and
saw that the man had picked up the wet black plastic egg and control
box.  He started to say something, and halfway made it to his feet. 
But then , after he took a closer look at it, he sat back down, and
carefully bundled up the sex toy.  It looked like his cheeks were
turning red, too, but there was a mischevious smile on his face.
     Richard apparently saw that too, but didn't say anyting about
it.  Jennifer slowly made her way up the aisle, with the dildo
wriggling around inside of her.  By the time that they had almost
entered the lobby, she thougth that she could feel that starting to
slide out as well.
     Richard guided her to the ladies's room, but Jennifer shook her
head.  It's not like I could do anything in there! she thought to
herself.  Instead, she used her nose to point towards the main exit.
     "Need a breath of fresh air?" he asked.  Jennifer nodded
emphatically.  He guided her out towards the door, and she could feel
the dildo sliding out with each step.
     Somehow, she managed to clench tight enough to keep it inside of
her while they were in the lobby.  Richard held the door open for
her, and allowed her to take tiny hobbled stepps through the doorway
in her seven inch heeled shoes.  Her feet were again starting to
bother her.  As Richard closed the door behind her, she felt the
dildo drop free and hit the pavement below.
     The sun had nearly set, and Richard did not seem to notice the
fallen sex toy.  Jennifer headed along the sidewalk, and tried to
talk through her gag.
     "I hate to break the mood and take off your stylish hat.  Have
you had enough fresh air yet?" he asked.  Jennifer shook her head. 
"It will take us awhile to get back into the theater.  We really have
to leave now to make it to our seats by the start of the second act.
     Jennifer shook her head again.  "What is it?" he asked.  "Don't
you want to see the rest of the show?"
     Jennifer shook her head, emphatically, then moaned and wriggled
up next to him.  She thrust her hips against him as best she could in
her restraints.
     "Ah!  You are in a mood for something more... romantic?" he
asked.  She nodded and grunted in assention.  "If you insist, my
love," he said.  "But our ride will not arrive for another hour and a
half.  If we don't go back in, we will have to amuse ourselves in
other ways."
     Jennifer nodded again.  Slowly, a part of her realized what he
had said, what he had called her.
     He had said 'my love'.  Jennifer nearly lost her balance in her
seven inch heels and hobbled ankles as the implications of that that
sank in.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 29

     Richard held her up and prevented her from stumbling.  "If my
memory serves me right, there should be a park nearby.  It's not far
at all."
     That's what you think! thought Jennifer.  You're not wearing
shoes like these and you don't have your legs tied together.  She was
unable to voice her opinion, and concentrated to keep moing in the
direction that Richard led.
     The theater had been constructed at the edge of the city.  After
making it to the corner of the theater and turning, Jennifer saw the
park that he was talking about.  Across the street from the theater,
it was large and well wooded, with several narrow cocrete sidewalks
leading into it.  There were only a few people that she could see.
     They waited at the side of the street as Richard looked for an
opening in the traffic.  "I guess that I'm not patient tonight," he
said, putting one arm around her corsetted torso while the other went
down to her knees.  She let out a surprised grunt through the gag
when Richard picked her up and carried her across the street.
     Probably faster than waiting for the road to be empty, thought
Jennifer.  She was thankful that he did not put her down on the other
side of the street.  Instead, he started down one of the paths that
led into the park.
     Jennifer closed her eyes and savored the experience.  Swept off
my feet by a rich gentleman, she thought.  Just like the in the
romance novels.  Except this gentleman was also an incorrigible
pervert, as her present attire attested to.
     Close enough for me, she concluded as Richard reached his
destination.  An empty park bench some thirty feet off the path was
his destination.  Gently, he put her down on the bench, then sat down
beside her.
     "Does this meet with your approval?" he asked.
     Jennifer nodded in reply.  A cool breeze came through the trees,
but to her, it felt refreshing, not chilling.  It reminded her that
she was quite hot within her rubber undergarments.
     Richard reached into the slit in her dress and felt her crotch. 
"You seem to have lost something." he said.  Jennifer shrugged, and
managed to smile in spite of her gag and the strap of her hat. 
"Fortunately, I think that you packed a few extras."
     Richard's hand emerged from her dress, then he opened up her
purse and rummaged through the contents.  "Hmmmm," he said aloud.  "A
bottle of lubricant, a butt plug, a motorized dildo, and a few of
these darling little clips," he said aloud.  Jennifer had a hard time
making out the object in the waning light.  "We'll have to experiment
with these before we go," he said, putting the items in his pants
pockets and closing up her purse.  
     Richard rose from his seat, but did not help her up.  Instead,
he sat down on the ground immediately in front of her.  "If you would
slide forward?" he asked, pulling her hips forward with his hands. 
Jennifer complied, wriggling forward.  When he was done, she was on
the edge of the seat, but her corsetted waist was still rigidly
straight.  The top of her corset rested against the top edge of the
bench.
     A chorous of crickets slowly started up as Richard pulled her
skirt up and slid forward.  When he let the skirt fall back down, the
shiny black satin almost completely concealed him beneath it.  She
felt him working with the restraints that held her ankles together. 
A moment later, she found herself able to spread her ankles apart
freely.
     The straps that held her knees together were next.  As she
spread her legs wide, Jennifer felt her muscles protest a bit from
their restraints.  Another cool breeze swept by, this time tinged
with the scent of freshly mowed grass.
     She felt his fingers slowly sliding up her rubber stockined
legs.  They played with the garters for a moment, then Jennifer felt
his fingernails gently brushing her pubic hair.
     She let out a moan and closed her eyes as the wetness at her
crotch, never fully gone, returned in force.  Oh, Richard...
     He pulled the lips of her pussy out, then gently massaged her
pussy with his lips.  Jennifer opened her eyes, and saw the stars of
the clear night sky staring back at her.
     He was slow and methodical with her, familiar yet still so
frustrating.  She moaned repeatedly in the night, and her pauses were
punctuated with the gentle rustling of leaves.
     I'm so close, she thought as his tongue danced around her
pleasure spot, touching ever so gently.  Please...
     The sound of rolling on the concrete brought Jennifer
unwillingly back to reality.  A young boy was slowly travelling down
the path on his skateboard.  Jennifer held back her moans, and had to
be content with heavy breathing against the tightness of the corset.
     The boy stopped his skateboard on the path and turned to her. 
"Do you know where the ball park is?" he asked.  She could see that
he was carrying a baseball mit in one hand.
     Jennifer tried to shake her head, but it turned only into a
spastic head roll as Richard's tongue suddenly found the spot within
her.  Oh god, not now!
     Richard did not relent.  He found just the right spots within
her and moved his tongue about madly.  Jennifer was helpless to stop
the orgasm that coursed through her body.
     "Uh, uh," she grunted through her gag.  She wanted to scream
aloud, and let the animal within her cry out to the world.  But,
somehow, she willed her vocal cords to silence.  Jennifer closed her
rubber coverd legs around Richard's head, partially as an attempt to
get him to stop.
     A few seconds later, she realized that the boy was still looking
at her, waiting for an answer.  Jennifer shook her head, hoping that
he would not ask her any more questions.
     Fortunately, he did not.  The boy let out a sigh, then continued
skateboarding his way down the path.
     You bastard! she thought to herself.  I know that you heard the
boy!  You didn't even slow down for that.
      Richard finally pulled away from her dripping crotch as
Jennifer panted against her corset.  He did not emerge from the folds
of her dress.  Instead, within a matter of minutes, Richard's tongue
was again exploring the realm of her sexuality.
     He did not tease her long this time.  By the time that he was
done, her head was swimming with the pleasure.  Just for a moment,
reality had faded away as she had struggled to breathe in the corset.
     Jennifer was panting as Richard took another break.  The evening
had now turned to night, and the full moon was peeking through a gap
in the trees.
     She had barely caught her breath when Richard started yet again.
 This time, he was gentle and teasing.  When a pair of nighttime
joggers went by, Richard did not redouble his efforts.  Instead,
Jennifer was able to control herself for the brief seconds that they
were in sight.  She thought that they gave her a long look as they
went by, but she could not be sure in the darkness.
     Jennifer dug her heels into the soft grassy ground as Richard
brought her closer and closer.  She spread her legs wide, and tried
to bring herself even closer to him.
     Her tenuous balancing act on the bench was finally over.  She
slid forward uncontrollably, sending Richard to the ground underneath
her.  When she came to rest, she was sitting on Richard's chest, legs
bent and heels driven into the earth, with her back against the park
bench.
     Richard said something unintelligible and pulled himself out
from under her.  I was so close! Jennifer thought.  She tried to get
up, but her awkward position prevented her from doing anything in a
hurry.  Richard made it to his feet before she managed to right
herself.
     He helped her get to her feet.  When she was standing, she found
it almost impossible to balance in the heels on the soft ground.  The
spikes of her shoes dug into the soft ground like razor sharp
daggers.
     Richard must have figured out her problem, because he bent down
and picked her up again.  This time, he went further into the park,
out of sight of the path.  Richard gently lowered her onto a soft
grassy clearing surrounded by shoulder high bushes.  The full moon
illuminated her shiny satin covered breasts and narrow waist as
Richard reached down to unzip his trousers.
     Jennifer moaned in anticipation as he threw up her skirts.  Now,
her rubber stockinged legs and stiletto heeled shoes were revealed to
him in the moonlight.  Without further disrobement, Richard brought
out his penis, crawled over her, and slowly entered her.
     She put her cuffed hands and attached purse above her head as he
slowly worked around inside of her.  She surprised herself by
climaxing within ten strokes of his male member.  This time, she did
not try to restrain herself vocally.  A long moan escaped her,
passionate even with the gag in place.
     Richard continued his relentless pace.  He slowly increased in
speed, bringing her rapidly to two more orgasms.  Jennifer panted
against the corset, and found herself trying to twist around inside
of it.
     Now his thrusts were as intense as a jackhammer.  She felt him
ejaculating inside of him, followed seconds later by her own climax. 
This time, it was just a bit too much for her.  Between the intensity
of the experience, and the constriction of the corset, she found
herself passing out in the grass.
     She woke up only moments later, with the touch of Richard's lips
on her own.  It was too dark for Jennifer to make out his face, but
the touch of his breath upon her face was unmistakable and
unforgettable.  Jennifer wanted to kiss him deeply, and thrust her
tongue deep inside of him.  But with the gag in place, all she could
do was to answer his kiss in kind.
     "Our ride will be here shortly," he said to her.  "Don't worry. 
I didn't forget about the toys that you brought."
     It took her a moment to remember what he was talking about.  She
heard him doing something, then she felt a lubricated, rubber object
being gently pushed into her anus.
     Jennifer resisted at first, then consciously relaxed her
sphinter muscles.  She felt a good sized butt plug slide up inside of
her.  The base must have been very narrow, and when it was all the
way in, it felt like she could keep it there for quite a while.
     Next, Richard put the dildo inside of her.  He managed to get it
all the way inside of her, and gave her a quick kiss in the pubic
hair before proceeding further.
     He placed the vibrating egg above the dildo, perpindicular to
it.  With the wire attached control box, Richard sent a brief pulse
of power through it.  This sent a chill down Jennifer's spine that
ended in her toes.  He then put the control box thorugh one of the
slits in her dress.  Jennifer jerked her legs in surprise as she felt
Richard attach a small clip to her outer lips.
     He placed five more on her.  Each one held the two edges of her
outer lips together.  When he was done, he had effectively sealed
both the egg and the dildo inside of her.
     Richard must have put the leg restraints in his pockets, because
he put these on her next.  Jennifer did not struggle as he pulled her
legs together and bound her knees and ankles.  This increased the
pressure in her filled and sealed pussy.
     Richard stood up and helped Jennifer to her feet.  Again, her
heels started to sink into the ground, but he did not let go of her. 
He picked her up yet again.  With the arm that was supporting her
torso, he managed to grab ahold of the control for the egg inside of
her.  As he carried her towards the path, he turned it on and sent
the orb inside of her buzzing.
     Oh god! she thought.  The seal of clips on her pussy, combined
with the pressure of having her legs together, made this even more
intense than before.  Before they had even made it to the path, she
found herself moaning and rolling her head.
     When they emerged from the park, he found that the road was
momentarily clear of vehicles.  Richard carried her across the
street, then put her down on her feet on the sidewalk next to the
theater.  Several people outside were giving them looks.  Richard
took the control for the egg inside of her in his hands.  Instead of
turning it off, he turned it to high speed.
     Oh god!  How could you!  Jennifer was swaying, trying to keep
her balance in the heels and hobbles.  For a finishing touch, Richard
pushed the control box down into the slit in her dress.  She could
feel it dangling at her ankles, and with each swing it tugged a bit
more at the egg inside of her.
     Richard supported her as they slowly made their way towards the
front of the building.  Jennifer found her eyes closing as the egg
inside of her buzzed and squirmed madly.  Oh, god! she thought as an
orgasm swept through her as they turned the corner.
     Her legs collapsed under her, but Richard held her up.  He had
to drag her forward as her head rolled around and her legs flailed
uselessly.
     She tried to get her legs under her again, but this only sent
another wave of sensations through her.  She wrigled under the dress,
but there was absolutely no way to get the device away from her most
sensitive parts.
     Jennifer slumped against him and moaned.  She had a vague
feeling that people were staring at them, and a few were saying
things to Richard.  The words did not register in her mind, and their
looks were beyond consideration right now.
     She had to fight for consciousness as yet another wave coursed
through her.  Jennifer was vaguely aware as Richard picked her up and
headed towards a waiting limousine.
     When Richard put her down on the seat, Jennifer convulsed her
legs and arms.  When is it going to stop? Jennifer wondered
deleriously as the corset and the vibrator stole consciousness away
from her.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 30

     As she woke up, she felt the limo rolling to a stop.  "We're
home," said Richard.
     Jennifer noticed that the buzzing in her crotch was gone.  A
clench of her sphinter muscles and a bit of wriggling told her that
the sex toys were still firmly in place.  The rest of her outfit
appeared to be in place as well.
     The door opened, and Richard stepped outside first.  He leaned
back in and helped Jennifer slowly wriggle out.  With a slight smile
and a wink, the limo driver closed the door behind them and drove
off.
     Richard supported her as she wriggled in her hobbles and seven
inch heels towards the front door.  He held the door open for her
with one hand while his other was near her in case she needed
support.
     She was slow, but made it into the house without incident. 
Richard closed the door behind her and guided her over to the couch.
     The two of them sat down, and in the process, she became acutely
aware of the sex toys that were still inside of her.  Jennifer tried
to yawn, but the strap of the hat kept her mouth closed.  I hardly
had any sleep last night! she thought.  I guess that it's catching up
to me.
     Richard fished in his pocket and brought out a ring of keys. 
After trying several, he found one that could unlock the hatstrap.
     Once it was free, Jennifer reached up with her rubber gloved
hands and pulled the mouthpiece out.  "Finally!" she said, grinding
her jaw around to work out the soreness.
     "I want to thank you for tonight," said Richard.  "I had a
wonderful time."
     Jennifer looked at him, then looked down at her bound rubber
gloved hands.  "I... enjoyed myself," she said, simply.
     "What is it?" he asked.  "You don't sound very enthusiastic."
     "Oh! I really enjoyed myself.  Really," she said.
     "There's something that you're not saying."
     She was silent for a moment as she collected her thoughts.  "I'm
very happy that you enjoyed yourself.  This was all for you," she
said, then broke into a yawn.
     A pained look came across Richard's face.  "Was it that mundane
and boring for you?"
     "Oh, no!  I... didn't get much sleep last night.  In fact, I
didn't get any."
     The look faded from his face.  "Then, what is it?" he asked.
     Jennifer chewed on her lip.  "I... you had me hot this entire
evening.  The park... I don't think I'll ever forget that."  Richard
continued to look at her, and said nothing.  "With all the toys that
you use, and all the teasing... most of the time, what I really
wanted was you!  I was going nuts!"
     Richard thought about that for a few seconds.  "I see," he said,
with what might have been disappointment.
     "I don't mean to make you feel bad.  Really.  You took me places
that I've never been before.  I'm not saying that I don't want you to
use the toys.  I... just..." she paused, and took as deep of a breath
as she could in the corset.  "It's just that I loved it when you made
love to me in the park.  I want more of that."
     Richard was staring off into space as he listened to her. 
"Maybe..." she continued.  "Tonight, couldn't we... I want to spend
the night with you.  In your bed," she said.  Those words were hard
to say.  Even with the rather hedonistic lifestyle that she had been
experiencing, those words took effort to utter.
     Richard met her eyes, and she could not interpret the look that
he gave her.  "I... would like that," he said.
     "And... I guess that I'd like to think of myself as a little
more than just the hired help," she said.
     "You are *so* much more!" he said, emphatically.  "You cannot
imagine how much more!"
     Her stomach, even in the corset, grumbled unhappily.  "I'm also
rather hungry," she said.     "I'll just order pizza," he said.
     "So," she asked with playful tone of voice.  "I am very tired,
and I bet that you are too.  I think we should retire early, right
after we eat.
     "You're probably right."  Richard reached through a slit in her
black satin evening gown and pulled up the controls for the egg
inside of her.  "What are you going to do with that?" she asked.
     With a sudden flick, he sent it roaring to life, then tucked the
controls back under her dress.  "Until the pizza gets here," he said
with a smile on his face.  "I still need to order it."
     For the first time in a long while, Jennifer was able to let out
a full moan, without any gag to impede her.  "You're a cruel man!"
she said as she tossed her head from side to side.

     Jennifer was lying on her back on Richard's bed.  She no longer
wore the dress, leg hobbles, or hand restraints, but the remainder of
her fetish clothing was still on her.  Seven inch heels adorned the
feet, and shiny black rubber stockings covered the legs.  They were
held up by a rubber garter belt that was over her satin corset.  Her
arms were still covered with black rubber gloves from fingertips to
armpits.
     Each of her limbs was tied to a post on the bed by a sturdy
leather strap.  The lights in the room were dim, and she had to
strain to see Richard's face above her.
     He lowered himself down, and she felt his torso pressing against
her.  As he brought his lips down to meet hers, she was finally able
to give him the passionate kiss that she had wanted to give him all
night.  Their tongues touched at first tentatively, then the force of
passion and lust took control.
     She could feel his manhood rising to the occasion, and it
brushed against her rubber covered inner thights.  Jennifer moaned as
the kiss continued, and Richard slowly slid into place within her.
     "Take me," Jennifer said after their lips finally parted.  "I
want you so badly.  Just take me!"
     Richard took that invitation to heart, and let loose the animal
within.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 31

     She was again naked in the realm of dreams.  Jennifer was
travelling down a long tunnel under the earth, with an almost blind
mole as her guide.
     "What's the hurry?" she asked.
     "She's near, near!" the mole said.
     Suddenly, the tunnel opened up into a small cavern.  Embedded in
the ceiling were gemstones of every color, and each of them was
glowing brightly.  This illuminated the items below.
     On the floor, there was a chaotic assortment of fetish items,
scattered with metal armor and medival  weaponry.  "You said I'm
supposed to prepare for battle?" she asked.  Experimentally, she
picked up a gleaming silver sword.  "I can barely lift it!" she
exclaimed.
     "No, no!" exclaimed the mole.  "She will never give way against
that!"
     Jennifer scanned around the floor.  "I don't understand."
     "A sword will never win his heart!"
     Comprehension slowly sank in.  She found a pair of thigh-high
stiletto heeled boots, and quickly slipped them on.  "Hurry!  I can
hear her footsteps!"
     Sure enough, Jennifer could hear the sound of stiletto heels
clicking on a stone floor.  Hurriedly, she put on a pair of black
rubber gloves, then she pulled a satin corset around her waist and
hastily tightened it.
     The footsteps were closer, closer.  Jennifer scanned the room,
and pulled a tight black rubber pencil skirt up to her waist.  It
held her knees together, but she could still walk.
     "Too late!" screamed the mole.  Looming in the shadowy entrance
was a female figure.  Jennifer could not make out the face, but she
knew the name.  "Susana," she whispered.
     She heard a sharp cracking sound as the woman sent her whip
forward.  She was covered with gleaming black leather from neck to
toes.  Her feet were encased in stiletto heeled boots, and as she
stepped forward into the room, she could see the familiar face from
the photos in the attic.
     "So, you're the bitch in the house now?!" she exclaimed.  "I do
not tolerate anyone touching what is mine!" she said, with venom in
her voice.  "He was mine once, and he will be mine forever!"
     "Then why did you leave him?" she asked.
     A look of rage came across Susana's face, and she struck out
with her whip.  Jennifer put her hands up, and felt the whip connect
with her forearm.  Strangely, there was no pain through the rubber. 
"*He* was the disloyal one!  *He* did not bow to his rightful
master!"
     She sent the whip at Jennifer yet again.  This time, it
connected on her forehead.  A very sharp pain suddenly shot through
her skull.  "Aaah!" she said, as she staggered in the heels and
pencil skirt.
     "*He* is the one that could not let go!" she screamed.  "I knew
who I was, but he would not let be that person!"  Susana sent the
whip flying yet again.  This time, it connected at her waist. 
Through the corset, Jennifer felt nothing.
     Wait a second, thought Jennifer.  The whip only hurts if it
touches bare skin!  She searched around for something to cover her
shoulders, breasts, and head.
     A rubber cloak with attached hood met the bill.  She squirmed
towards it, and before Susana could send the whip flying again,
Jennifer had put the hood on her head and tucked her body within it. 
She had only small holes fo the eyes, nose and mouth.
     Susana's fury continued.  But each strike of the whip was
rebuffed by the outfit that she wore.  Confidently, Jennifer walked
forward towards her.
     A look of defeat crossed Susana's face, and she dropped her
whip.  "There's one more that you must face," she said, as her body
slowly turned to smoke.

     What a strange dream, thought Jennifer as she woke up.
     She was still tied spread eagle to Richard's bed.  The long
black rubber gloves, stockings, heels, garter belt, and corset were
still all in place on her.
     Richard was nowhere to be seen.  The light coming in through the
almost closed curtains indicated that it was morning.  "Richard?" she
said, and there was no reply.  "Richard?" she said, louder now.
     There was a faint voice from the distance.  Jennifer could see
that the bedroom door was partially open, and that's where the voice
had come from.
     Richard came into the room a minute later, dressed in a blue
robe and carrying a tray of food.  "Breakfast in bed?" he said,
putting the tray down on the nightstand.
     "Sounds good to me," she said.  "But... it's a little hard for
me to eat right now."
     "I don't understand," Richard said, breaking off a small piece
of bacon and putting it in her mouth.  "As far as I can tell, you're
mouth is working fine.  That's all you need to eat, actually."
     Richard fed her breakfast to her one bit at a time, and brought
a straw to her lips so that she could sip her juice.  "Um, there's
one other thing.  I really have to pee," she said.  "It's been a
*long* time since I've done that!"
     Richard said nothing in reply, but simply walked around to the
corners of the bed and untied her arms and legs.  Jennifer took a
moment to move her shoulders and legs, then brought her feet to the
floor and stood up.
     She had forgotten how high the heels were that she was wearing. 
Jennifer lost balance after the first step, and had to grab ahold of
Richard to keep from falling.  "Sorry," she said.
     Richard just smiled and helped her to the bathroom.  She
attented to her bodily functions, then came back to the bedroom,
walking slowly in the heels.  She found him sitting on the bed,
munching on his own breakfast.
     Jennifer sat down next to him.  "What now?" she asked.
     "I'm not sure, actually," he said.  "I haven't made plans for
the day."
     "That's not what I meant," she asked.  "What about us?"  Richard
did not look like he fully understood the question.  "Am I... am I
still just the hired help?"
     "No, Jennifer," he said.  "You are much more than that."  He put
another bit of food in his mouth.
     "Then what am I?" she asked.  "What are we?"
     Richard stopped chewing.  "That's... not an easy question," he
said, then swallowed.  "Not easy at all.  Dear Jennifer... when I
first hired you, I was never expecting anything like *this*!"
     "But isn't that what you were hoping for?" Jennifer asked.
     "You're more than I dared hope for!" Richard replied
enthusiastically.  "So much more!"
     "But what am I to you?" she asked.
     Richard was silent for a few seconds.  "What do you want to be?"
he asked.
     "I want to be with you for a long time," she said.  "I want to
be at your side."  The next words choked in her mouth.  Dare I say
it?  Will I lose him if I do?
     The words came out, almost unwillingly.  "I want to be your
wife," she said.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 32

     Richard looked at her, boring into her with his eyes.  "Do
you... do you know what you're asking?" he asked.
     "I want to marry you," she reiterated.  This time there was no
hesitation.  The act of saying it aloud had crystallized the idea in
her mind.
     "I've been married once before," he said.  "It didn't work out. 
What makes you think that this will?"
     "Don't you want to marry me?!" she asked sharply.
     "That's not what I said," he said, with his voice rising as
well.  "Jennifer, darling, I want you to be *sure* of what you're
getting into.  I've had a marriage go sour, because we were not
honest with what we wanted."
     "I know that I want to be with you," she said.  "I'm sure of
that."
     "Are you?" he asked.  "In my way, I'm a very demanding man," he
said.  "I have money, and I have desires.  I life my life the way I
choose to, and I'm not very likely to change much of that."
     "I wouldn't ask you to change," she said.
     "Think about that carefully," he warned.  "I have a long list of
expectations that I have for a woman -- for *you*," he said.  "Let me
tell you what your life will be like.
     "You will exist for my pleasure, in the way you will look, and
the life you will lead.  You will be able to count on one hand the
number of hours in a week that you will not be corsetted, wearing
heels, and restrained in some way.  I will stimulate you as often and
in any way that I choose, and I will spend my free time thinking of
new ways to keep you guessing.  If you displease me, expect to be
punished as I see fit.
     "Freedoms that you take for granted will be taken from you. 
What you wear, how you look, when you go out shopping, how you spend
your free time... that will be mine to decide."
     "Richard..." Jennifer asked, interrupting his soliloquy. 
"How... how does that differ from how you have been treating me?"
     Richard paused to think about that for a moment.  "You have a
point.  actually, it's not that different.  But... it may be an even
more extreme version of what you are experiencing now."
     Jennifer looked down at herself and saw the nineteen inch corset
and seven inch spiked heels that she wore with her rubber ensemble. 
She had a hard time picturing how it could become more extreme. 
"I've stayed here, doing what you wanted me to do, being the woman
that you wanted me to be.  I've stayed.  I'm not going to say that I
enthusiastically love every second of it, or every detail.  But...
you've shown me things, done things to me... that I've never even
imagined existed before.  I... I like being here.  I *love* being
with you.  I want it to continue, but I want us to be even closer? 
Can you understand that?" she asked.
     "I understand, but... I'm not sure if I truly *believe*," he
said.
     "Believe?" asked Jennifer.  "You don't believe me?"
     "I believe that every word you have said is sincere, and true
from you heart," he said.  "But... perhaps its 'burned once, twice
shy.'"
     "What will make you believe?" Jennifer asked.  There was a
sinking feeling in her stomach.  I love you!  What more could I
possibly do to convince you?
     Richard looked down after seeing the look on her face.  "I'm
sorry for doubting you," he said.  With a sudden motion, he left the
bed and jumped to his feet.  Richard went to his dresser, and knelt
down to rummage through a bottom drawer.
     "What are you doing?" she asked.  Her heart was pounding in her
chest.  Am I going to lose you? she wondered.
     He stood up and turned around.  In his hand was a small box. 
"These things really should be done properly," he said.  Richard
walked over to her, and knelt down on one knee.  "Jennifer, my love,"
he said, opening up the box and withdrawing a diamond ring.  "Will
you marry me?"
     Jennnifer had to remember to breathe.  It took her several tries
before any sound could come out of her mouth.  "Of course I will
marry you!" she said, breathlessly against the tightness of the
corset.
     She offered her hand, and Richard slowly pushed the white metal
ring onto her black rubber covered finger.  He had to twist it a
couple of times to get it on, but when he was done, it was firmly in
place on her finger.  She brought the ring close and examined it in
wonder.  The ring was made of a shiny metal, just as heavy as gold,
but brighter than white gold or silver.  A single large diamond
sparkled, flawless to her senses.  "Oh, Richard!" she said, throwing
her arms wide.
     Richard lept to his feet and embraced her.  He pulled her to her
feet and twirled her around the room.
     In the seven inch heels, she found that she was taller than him
by a couple of inches.  Richard had to pull her down to kiss her.
     They made love that morning on his bed.  Every time that she saw
the ring that was on her finger, another shiver would go through her
as Richard sent her to the heights of pleasure.
     Jennifer lost track of the time that they spent together.  She
felt like she was walking with the clouds as Richard touched her
tenderly and then savagely.  The tightness of the corset didn't seem
to bother her a bit.  Instead, she simply enjoyed the experiences
that the corset gave her when she was near orgasm and her body
struggled for breath.  She didn't fight against it, just experienced
it.
     It must have been past noon by the time that they were done. 
Jennifer was lying on her side, with her eyes closed, while Richard
snuggled up behind her and wrapped his arms around her tiny waist.
     She might have dozed off, and her dreams were filled with the
music.  Sounds of wedding bells mixed with sweet melodies passed
through her mind.
     A growling stomach finally roused her from her slumber.  Richard
was still behind her, barely shifted from his previous spot. 
Jennifer twisted around to face her fiance, and put her black rubbery
arms around his body.
     "I love you," she breathed to him.  "My wonderfully perverted
husband to be."
     Richard smiled and stroked her hair with his hand.  "I love and
adore you, dear Jennifer," he said.  "Forgive me for breaking the
mood, but a few details need to be discussed."
     "Like what?" she asked.
     "A wedding date," he said.  "And our lives between now and
then."
     "What is today?  I've completely lost track of the date."
     "May twenty fourth," he said.  "A friday."
     "How about tomorrow?" she asked.
     Richard smiled broadly at that.  "Oh, no!  Some sort of
preparations have to be made for the event.  It will be a grand
affair, I guarantee!  You don't even have a dress yet!"
     "What about the one I found in the basement?" she asked,
playfully.
     "An intriguing idea, but no.  A dress must be made uniquely for
you.  I insist."
     Jennifer accepted this.  "Is there any reason to wait?" she
asked.
     "I would think it would take at least two weeks to prepare," he
said.  "Other than that, no," he said.
     "How about two weeks after tomorrow," she said.  "I think that
would be June eighth."
     "June eighth it is then!" he said.
     "Is there anything else?" she asked.
     "Yes, there is," he said.  "I... feel that I should... show you
what it will be like to be married to me," he said.
     "You haven't already?" she asked.
     "I'm not sure of that yet.  But I will be," he said.  "For the
next two weeks, you will experience what it truly will be like to be
married to me," he said.  "I have to be sure.  If, by the wedding
day, you do not wish to go through with it, I will understand."
     "Oh, I love you so much!" she said.  "What possibly makes you
think that I wouldn't go through with it?"




HIRED HELP

Chapter 33

     That question was echoing through her mind the next day as
Richard brought in her saturday outfit.
     He had let her disrobe completely Friday night, engagement ring
included, and they spent the night together in his bed.  Jennifer
woke up alone in his bed, with fond recollections of the night in
front of her eyes.  Just a few minutes later, a nude Richard returned
with a box in his hands.
     First, he brought out a corset.  This one was made of a dark
purple satin.  It extended from the bottom of her breasts to her
hips.  This one had the same hidden latched closures as the black one
she had been wearing, but this time in back.  She saw that Richard
had brought the motorized corset tightener as well.
     "What size is that?" she asked him.  Jennifer slid off the bed
and stood up.  She found herself on her tiptoes, as her feet refused
to flatten on the floor without a pain shooting through the backs of
her legs.  Jennifer stood on her tiptoes and leaned against one of
the large posts of the bed.
     "Eighteen inches, I think," he said as he put the corset around
her.  The corset had cutouts around each breast, and did not in any
way cover either of them.  Richard attached the device to the back of
the corset, then plugged it in and let the motor and gears slowly
pull the corset closed.
     Richard did not wait for the device to finish its work before
continuing.  Next, he pulled out a pair of purple satin high heeled
shoes.  These looked to be equal in height to the seven inch ones
that she had worn yesterday.  Jennifer did not relish trying to
balance in the heels again today.  However, it was just as
uncomfortable now to try to balance *without* any heels on!
     Jennifer sat down as Richard locked the shoes onto her feet. 
The corset continued to close, and she now had to take quick shallow
breaths as the corset pulled her waist in.
     Richard now waited for the motor to pull the corset shut.  The
wait must have been over five minutes.  By the time she heard the
latches of the corset click shut, she was actively panting for
breath, even though her exertions were minimal.  "God, this is
tight!" she exclaimed aloud as Richard removed the motorized device
from the corset.
     Richard did not reply to this.  He simply brought out his next
device.  This was a matching purple satin armbinder.  Jennifer
balanced in her ever so high heels as Richard went behind her and
guided both of her arms into the single sleeve.  This laced up in
back and had several straps that would attach around her chest,
holding the binder in place.  Richard first buckled the straps in
place, then started to lace the armbinder together.
     He did not stop until she could feel her elbows touching.  The
muscles in her shoulders were protesting the abuse, and every inch of
her arms and hands felt to be under pressure in the satin restraining
device.
     The last thing that he brought out was a helmet.  Again, this
was made out of purple satin.  There were zippers for the eyes and
mouth, and two small holes for the nose.  In back, there was lacing
that would allow the hood to be tightly fastened around the head.
     Richard slipped the hood over her head, and laced it up in back.
 The zippers were open, so Jennifer was able to look around as
Richard laced the helmet up.
     The shoes, the corset, and the armbinder were all causing unique
cramps and aches to go through her body.  "Is that it?" she asked,
sounding short of breath.
     "For now," said Richard.  Deliberately, he closed the zipper
over her mouth, then the ones that allowed her to see.
     Jennifer was now completely in the dark, and her short rapid
breaths hissed loudly through her nose.  She tried to ask him another
question, but the helmet held her mouth shut and reduced it to a
mumble.
     She felt him fastening something that felt like a collar around
her neck.  She felt a tug on it, and stepped forward in the direction
of the force.
     Within three steps, she had stumbled in her seven inch heels. 
With the armbinder in place, there was no way that she could use her
arms to stop her fall.  But before she could fall, she felt Richard
catch her body and hold her up until she could regain her footing.
     Slowly, Richard led her through the house.  She thought that
were in his den, but could not be sure.
     "Kneel down," Richard directed.  Carefully, she lowered herself
to the floor.  "Now back up," he said.
     Jennifer did so, and had to bend over forward as she felt
something hard on top of her.  I bet that's his desk above me, she
thought to herself.
     She heard him pull a chair forward, then felt his legs agains
her shoulders.  He spread his legs wider, bringing her helmeted head
near his crotch.  "This is not punishment, Jennifer," he said by way
of explanation.  "Consider this to be... training.
     "Your sexual skills, although good for one with no formal
training, need to be honed to a new height," he said.  "Your goal
will be to pleasure me at least ten times before the day is up," he
said.
     Ten times? Jennifer thought.  *Ten* times?
     "As motivation, you will not be allowed to have any pleasure of
your own until you have suceeded at least five times," he said. 
"Also, if you do not suceed, you will be sentenced to solitary
confinement for the night," he said.
     She felt him unzip the zipper that restrained her mouth.  Her
crotch was wet, and what she really wanted to do was to pull him down
and have him right there.  But with the armbinder, there was no way
for her to do that, or even touch her own crotch.  She felt the tip
of Richard's erect penis brush up against her lips.  Slowly, she
opened up her mouth and leaned forward, taking his rod inside of her
mouth.
     It was mostly erect when she brought it in, and became fully
erect when she started to run her mouth up and down the length of it.
 This is one time that I'm glad he's *not* hung like a horse!
Jennifer thought.
     She had no way to keep track of time.  Jennifer used the tricks
that she had learned from her previous experiences, employing her
tongue, teeth, and even the back of her throat.  Although hard within
her mouth, she heard him calmly talking on the phone, quoting stock
prices and apparently conducting business of some sort.
     He was in mid-sentence when she finally felt his manhood start
to twitch.  Richard did not cry out in any way when his semen started
to shoot into her mouth.  All the reaction that she noticed was a
tensing in the legs and a short pause in the conversation.
     Jennifer sucked it down, having no other way of dealing with it.
 When she was done, she pulled back and tried to get more
comfortable.
     Her jaw and lips were sore already.  The position under the desk
was crampt, made more so by the corset and armbinder.  And even
though she was not walking in the shoes, her toes were protesting the
sharp angle that they were being bent by the shoes.
     How am I going to do it *ten* times? wondered Jennifer.

     She managed a second one, but the effort left her absolutely
drained and sore.  "I have to stop," she said, panting and moving her
jaw back and forth.
     "If you wish," he said, pulling his chair back.  He helped her
to get out from the desk and stand up.  "Do you need to sit down?"
     "Please," said Jennifer, and he led her over to a chair in the
den.  She had to sit on the front edge to make room for her bound
arms behind her.
     "I brought something to drink and to snack on, if you would
like."
     Jennifer remembered that the day had started out without
breakfast.  Skipped meals seemed to be the norm, as of late.  "That
would be very nice," she said.
     Richard put a straw to her mouth, and let her drink down a cool,
tangy citrus drink.  He fed her bitewise something that tasted like
sechwan chicken.  "That's enough," said Jennifer.
     "Ready to continue?" asked Richard.
     "Not yet," she said.  Her mouth was still protesting the
previous exertions.  She heard him leave her side and sit back down,
presumably at his desk.
     "I have a rather clear idea of what the wedding should be like,"
said Richard.  "I know that the wedding details are usually the
responsibility of the bride and her family, but our situation is
unique."
     She thought about that for a second.  "I'll agree with that."
     "But... I'm not going to decide every detail.  Who should be
your maid of honor?" he asked.  "And any bridesmaids?"
     Jennifer thought about that.  "I think that Vicki should be
there," she said.  "A bridesmaid.  But... a long time ago, I promised
my younger sister Laura that she could be the maid of honor at my
wedding.  Is that allright?" she asked.
     "Well, how do you think your sister would take it?" Richard
asked.
     Jennifer thougth back to Vicki's renewal of vows that she had
seen and experienced.  How would she take that?
     "I really don't know," she said.  "I think that, if I'm going to
have her here, we should fill her in on some of the... details before
she shows up.  I have a feeling that this is going to be alot like
Vicki's walk down the aisle," she said.
     "There will be similarities," agreed Richard.
     "Anyone else?" he asked.
     "Not my mother!" Jenifer said sharply.  "I don't want that bitch
anywhere near me!"
     "What about your father?" asked Richard.
     This brought Jennifer up short.  "I... don't know where he is. 
He left my mother when I was in third grade."
     Richard was quiet for a long minute.  "At least that simplifies
it a bit," he said.  "I'm sorry for bringing it up."
     "Oh, you had no way to know," she said, as old memories spun
their way back through her mind.  "I don't blame him for leaving.  I
just wish that I could have gone with him."
     She heard Richard walk up to her and cup her face with his
hands.  "Are you going to be all right?" he asked.
     "I will be," she said.  "I did my crying about it a long time
ago."  She knew that her statement was only a half truth.
     He stayed there for another long silent moment.  Jennifer felt
his lips on her own, and he stroked her shoulders gently.  "I have my
own guest list," he said.  "It includes all five of the other owners
of Fantasy Supreme, and their signifigant others.  I would like Becky
and Henry to be there as well.  I'm not meaning to completely take
over the guest list..."
     "Oh, that's all right," she said.  "I understand.  Actually, I
think I'm ready to continue my 'training'.  Is there anything you
want to tell me?  About how to do it better?" she asked.
     Richard helped her to return to her seven inch heeled feet. 
"Not yet.  I'll give you some hints tomorrow if it comes to that," he
said.  He guided her back under the desk and sat down in front of
her.  His penis was mostly limp, now.  She had to bring it back to
life with her lips before she could bring it inside of her mouth.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 34

     Jennifer felt Richard finally squirt his semen into her aching
mouth.  She swallowed it down, and almost immediately pulled back. 
"That makes five!" she said triumphantly.
     Richard was letting out a small  moan at the time.  A few
seconds later, she heard him push his chair back.  A tug on her
collar directed her to inch forward and stand up.
     Yet again, she needed support to stand in the seven inch heels. 
Somehow, she had been able to ignore the pain in her feet from the
shoes and the ache in her shoulder and arms from the armbinder.  The
hood was still over her head, leaving her in darkness.  She was
finally somewhat accustomed to the eighteen inch corset, and she did
not feel like every breath was a struggle.
     "I have good news and bad news for you," came the voice of
Richard.
     "What do you mean?" she asked.
     "The good news is that you reached five, and I promised you some
pleasure of your own at that time."  Memories of Richard's hard penis
and tender kisses came to mind.  "But the bad news is that it's
bedtime.  You've only made it halfway to your goal."
     "Bedtime?!  But..." I dont' want to sleep alone tonight, she
finished mentally.
     "But what?" he asked.
     "But that means I won't be with you tonight!" she said
forlornly.
     "Well, if you feel that way..." he said.  "I might be able to
bend the rules a bit.  You can stay in my room tonight..."
     "Thank you!" she said.
     "But there's a price to be paid."
     "What do you mean? Price?"
     "If you choose to stay in my room, you must wear your fetching
outfit until tomorrow evening," he said.  "No breaks.  If you choose
your room, at least you will get a change of clothing."
     Change of clothing... Knowing Richard, the bedtime clothes
wouldn't necessarily be any better than these.  "I'll stay with you,"
she said.
     Richard led her to his room, and let her use the bathroom there.
 She heard sounds of Richard's activity as she relieved herself.  A
few minutes later, Richard came to get her.
     Jennifer was surprised when Richard suddenly put his arms around
her torso and lifted her off of the ground.  "What are you doing?"
she asked.
     "Rewarding you for reaching five tonight," he said.  He slowly
lowered her to the floor, and she felt something cold and rubbery
pushing against her pussy.
     Jennifer shifted and allowed the dildo to enter her.  When she
was finally back on the floor, she felt a rigid pole between her
legs.  The pole terminated in the dildo that was now between her
legs.  Even in her high heels and her legs straight, the dildo was at
least six inches inside of her.
     Richard slowly stroked her breasts, and she felt a warm, moist
tongue gently touching a nipple.  A shiver went through her, and she
twisted around on the phallus.
     While one of his hands stroked her breasts, another went down to
her pussy.  He soon found her clit, even with the dildo in place, and
within minutes, she was panting against the corset, desperately
trying to keep her legs under her in the ultra high heels.
     Two rapid orgasms followed.  As she moaned in the aftermath, she
felt Richard leave her side.  Jennifer heard him attach something to
the back of her corset, and the top of her armbinder.  "What are you
doing?" she asked.
     "Getting you ready for bed," he said.  "I wouldn't want you to
fall during the night."
     Richard had apparently finished his work.  Jennifer tried to
lean forward, but was held up by the top of her corset.  He must have
tied it to the ceiling or something, thought Jennifer.
     "But I thought..." said Jennifer.
     "I said that you could stay in my room.  I said nothing about
sleeping in my bed.  And I also did not promise a good night's
sleep," he said, ending the conversation by zipping the mouth of her
hood shut.
     Jennifer would have had a stunned look on her face if anyone
could have seen it.  She twisted and turned, but all she did was make
herself hot again by moving the dildo around.  She experimentally
tried to bend her knees, and let the dildo slide further into her. 
The straps held her up, but the pressure on her corset and arms soon
became too uncomfortable, so she lowered her feet again.
     "Goodnight, Jennifer," he said.

     She spend the night in a dazed, aroused, half asleep state that
was not restful at all.  Twice during the night, she became so stir
crazy that she twisted around on the dildo until she managed to
orgasm.
     As soon as she heard Richard moving around, she started to make
noises through her gag.  "Eager to make an early start, I see," he
said.
     Richard released the straps that held her up.  Jennifer felt her
knees trembling, and Richard had to quickly lift her off of the dildo
before she collapsed.  He guided her to the bed and had her kneel
down in front of it.
     Richard unzipped the mouth of her helmet.  Before she could even
speak, she felt his penis against her lips.
     At least my mouth isn't sore, she thought, bringing his penis
inside of her mouth.  I don't know if I can do what he asks!

     Richard was good to his word about the advice.  "Use your tongue
on the underside of the penis," he said.  "Right behind the head. 
That's it," he encouraged.
     "Don't bother to use much pressure most of the time," he said. 
"Continuous gentle motion works better for me than frantic suction."
     Sure enough, she was able to bring him to four orgasms by
lunchtime.  Fatigue was stalking her, but she was determined not to
give in to it.  After the fifth, he let her sit down while he went to
work on her pussy with his tongue.  He brought her to orgasm three
times before she went back to work.
     The tenth one came shortly after supper.  "Finally!" she said,
triumphantly.
     "Indeed," he said.  "I think you have earned a break."
     Richard left, presumably to get the equipment he would need to
release her from her bondage.  By the time that he returned, she was
lying face down on the floor, asleep.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 35

     Jennifer became barely conscious as Richard took off the
armbinder, shoes, and helmet.  By the time he had put her down in
bed, she was asleep again.
     She woke up to the feeling of a warm body next to hers. 
Richard's arm went around her still corsetted waist.
     That night, they did not make love, or if they did, Jennifer did
not remember it.  Instead, she stayed close to Richard, and just
enjoyed his presence there as she dreamed.
     Richard was up first, and she woke to the smells of breakfast. 
"You are only temporarily relived of the kitchen duties," he said,
putting a tray of food on the bed, "while we attend to other
matters."
     Jennifer just smiled and started to munch upon what he had
prepared.  "What today?" asked Jennifer.  "Or shouldn't I ask?"
     "You've learned your lesson well enough for now," said Richard. 
"We have an appointment this morning at the dressmakers," he said. 
"I also thought that it might be a good day for you to get ahold of
your sister, Laura, and see if you can get her over here sometime to
talk about the details, as well as setting up an appointment for her
at the dressmakers."
     Jennifer thought about that for a moment.  "I'm trying to think
of a way not to talk to my mother," she said.  "My sister's through
with high school... I know!  Laura has a job at a video rental place
down on seventh," she said.  "I'll just call and talk to her there."
     Richard left and returned with a phone book.  "Is this the
place?" he asked, pointing out an entry in the book.
     "Looks like it," she said.
     "The nearest phone is in the den," he said.  "You can call from
there."
     Jennifer tried to get to her feet, but the aches in the backs of
her legs were even worse now.  "Those heels are doing something to my
legs," she said, sitting back down.  "Everything's tight now -- I'm
having trouble flattening out my foot."
     "You were able to walk in the heels last night," he said.
     "Maybe that's what I need."
     "I'll get a pair from your room," he said.
     Richard returned with her black patent six inch heels.  They
required a lock to stay in place.  "This is what I could find on
short notice," he said.  She presented her feet, and he locked the
shoes in place.
     Walking in the six inch heels was a relief compared to what she
had been wearing.  This is the most comfortable way I've walked in
days, she thought to herself.
     Richard brought the phone book with them to his den.  She sat
down in a chair before placing the call.
     "Seventh street video," came a familiar voice.
     "Is Laura there?" asked Jennifer, being cautious.
     "Jennifer?!" said her sister.  "Where have you been?"
     "It's a long story.  Can you talk?" she asked.
     "For a little bit," Laura said.  "No one is in yet this early. 
Why did you call?"
     "Well... I'm getting married."
     "Married?!  Is this a joke?"
     "No joke, Laura.  Two weeks from last Saturday is the date."
     "Oh my god!" she said.  "Are you pregnant?"
     This brought Jennifer up short.  She sure had been having enough
unprotected sex lately.  It should be time for her period any time
now.  "No, I'm not getting married because I'm pregnant," she hedged.
 She made a mental note to ask Richard a few hard questions about
that.
     "Where is it going to be?" Laura asked.
     "I'm not quite sure yet," she said.  "Richard is making the
arrangements."
     "Richard?  Who's Richard?"
     "The man that I'm going to be marrying," said Jennifer.
     "Mom's gonna go ballistic," said Laura.
     "That's kind of what I want to talk to you about," said
Jennifer.  "I don't want you to tell her."
     "You're gonna do this without her?"
     "I hope so.  But... I'd like you to be there.  As my maid of
honor."
     There was a moment of silence from Laura.  "I'd like that," she
said.
     "Do you have a car yet?" asked Jennifer.
     "Yea.  It's looks beat up, but it runs."
     "When could you come over, so that we could talk about this, and
get you set up with a dress?" she asked.
     "There's not much time, is there?  I think that mom's going out
drinking tonight, as usual.  I could probably leave by eight.  Where
are you now?  His place?"
     Jennifer looked at Richard.  "Directions here?" she asked.
     Between the two of them, they were able to convey the location. 
"That the ritziest subdivision within three hundred miles!" Laura
said.  "Who the heck is this guy, anyway?"
     "You'll get to meet him soon."
     "I've got to go.  Customer," she said.
     "Remember, don't tell mom!" Jennifer said as her sister hung up.
     "How did it go?" asked Richard.
     "She'll be here tonight, sometime after eight," she said.
     "That will be fine," said Richard.  "Come on.  We need to make
it to the dressmakers.

     The dressmaker turned out to be a woman named Mary who worked at
Fantasy Supreme.
     Jennifer was just wearing the corset and heels.  Richard had
found her a long coat to wear for the ride.
     It felt very odd, for the dressmaker to be making her
measurements while she was essentially naked.  But she was very
professional, and took only ten minutes or so for what she needed to
do.
     "You need to come back friday for a fitting," the woman said. 
Mary was in her mid thirties, with long black hair.  She was wearing
a black vinyl cat suit and heels.  "I have you penciled in for ten. 
That's it for today."
     Jennifer put the coat back on and thanked the woman for her
time.  "How did it go?" asked Richard as she emerged from the
dressing room.
     "Fitting friday," she said.  "At ten."
     They went to the car, and Richard drove off with her.  "Where
are we going?" she asked as he took an unfamiliar route.
     "I thought that we'd stop for lunch," he said.
     "Like this?" she asked.
     "It's cloudy and threatening outside," he said.  "We'll eat at
an outdoor cafe.  Just don't take your coat off.
     Jennifer was rather nervous as Richard parked the car.  He
exited and opened the door for her.
     Jennifer gingerly stepped out and walked next to Richard.  She
hugged the coat tightly, but it only came down to mid-ankle.  Tbe
extreme height of her shoes was visible to all of the several dozen
people that were also walking down the sidewalk.
     They took an unoccupied table.  A waiter came over to them, and
was obviously very distracted by what was showing of Jennifer's legs.
 "What can I get you?" he asked, tearing his eyes off of Jennifer.
     Richard ordered for both of them.  The lunch seemed to take
forever for Jennifer.  Everywhere she looked, the patrons seemed to
be staring at her.  They would look away quickly, as she met their
gaze, but not quickly enough to escape notice.
     "You seem to be the center of attention," said Richard.  There
was a smile on his face as he held her hands.  She felt him slip
something on her finger.  "I thought you'd like to have this," he
said.  "You won't always be able to wear it."
     It was the engagement ring that Richard had given her earlier. 
Her embarassment at the whole situation faded, replaced with a warm
glow.  "I love you," she said staring into his eyes.
     "I love you too," he said.  "I hope that you can say that to me
in two weeks," he replied.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 36

     "Oh god!  This guy is loaded!" Laura said after Richard had left
the room.
     Laura and Jennifer were sitting in the main living room, across
from each other.  Jennifer was wearing her black satin dress that she
had worn to the musical.  Laura was garbed in jeans and a T-shirt.
     "Mother doesn't know about this, right?" asked Jennifer.
     Her sister shook her head.  "I didn't say a word to her.  Are
you really gonna do this without telling her?"
     "We're having a slightly more formal elopement, that's all,"
rationalized Jennifer.
     "So, how the heck did you meet this guy?" she asked.
     "Well, it's really a long story," said Jennifer.  "But I was
fired from my last job, and the debt collectors were closing in on
me..."
     "I don't know if I like the sound of this," Laura said.
     "Richard advertised for a live-in maid," she said.  "I really
needed the money, and I was lucky that Richard hired me."
     "Uh huh," said Laura, sounding unconvinced.
     "Well, obviously a little more happened," said Jennifer, looking
down and turning slightly red, "But in the end he proposed to me."
     "Why do I have the feeling that you're leaving out a *lot*?"
asked Laura.
     "Well..." temporized Jennifer.  She's going to find out soon
enough, she thought, either when she's fitted for her dress or at the
wedding.  "He's a little kinky," she said.
     "With all this money?" said Laura.  "I could put up with a
little kinky," she said.  Laura looked around, and did not see
Richard anywhere.  "What's he into, anyway?" she said in a
conspiratorial whisper.  "Spanking?  Bondage?  What?"
     Jennifer had no idea that her sister knew about such things. 
Before she could reply, she heard Richard's footsteps.
     "I brought refreshments," said Richard, carrying a tray with
three full glasses on it.
     Jennifer took one, then Laura did.  Richard sat down next to
Jennifer as her younger sister asked a question.  "You're obviously
well off," she said.  "Why don't you have a servant or three to bring
the drinks out?"
     "Well, I had one," said Richard.  "But it seems that I'm to
marry her in two weeks.  That has changed our relationship a bit," he
said.  Richard looked at Jennifer.  "Afterwards, we can talk about
bringing any more employees on board," he said.
     "I see," said Laura as she sipped her drink.  
     Jennifer crossed her legs.  She was wearing black six inch heels
on her feet.  Rubber stockings covered her legs.  Laura stared at her
older sister's feet for a long moment as her shoes became visible.
     "Jennifer has an appointment to have her dress fitted at ten on
friday," said Richard.  "Could you make it at ten-thirty?" asked
Richard.
     "Probably," said Laura.  "I don't think I work till three on
friday.  I'll check.  Where is it?" she asked.
     "The sign said FS incorporated," said Richard.  "It's off of
sixty third street.  Ask for Mary."
     Laura throught about that.  "That sounds familiar somehow," she
said.
     "We wanted to talk to you ahead of time," said Richard, "because
we're not exactly having a traditional wedding,"
     "What do you mean?" she asked.
     "The wedding is going to be here, not at a church," said
Richard.  "And it's going to be a theme wedding.  All guests in
appropriate costume."
     "That's cool," she said.  "Theme, like a medival or civil war
theme?" she asked.
     "Something like that," said Jennifer.
     "What's the theme?" asked Laura.
     "I'll be blunt," said Richard.  Jennifer braced herself,
prepared for the worst.  "It's kinky outfits, fetishes, and bondage,"
he said.
     Laura's eyes opened wide at this, in spite of Jennifer's
previous hint.  "My god," she said softly.
     "Can you see why a church is not an appropriate setting?" he
said.
     "Um, yea," she said.  Now it was Laura's turn to look away and
blush.
     "We will understand if you have a problem with this, and don't
want to participate," he said.
     "I... god, I don't know," said Laura.  She looked up at
Jennifer.  "You're really gonna do it this way?" she asked.
     "For Richard, anything," she said, with a smile.  Richard
returned her smile, but only halfheartedly.
     "I'm... geez, this is so strange," said Laura.
     "How can we help you to make up your mind?" asked Jennifer. 
"I'd really like to have you there."
     "Well, maybe if you told me what I'll be wearing for this
'theme' wedding?  And what I'm supposed to do?"
     "Well, it won't be too different from a normal gown," said
Richard.  "It's... acutally, it's fairly close to something that
Jennifer has in her wardrobe now," he said.  "Would you like to do a
bit of a dress rehersal, so to speak?"
     "That would probably be good," said Laura.

     Laura stood there in the red rubber hobble dress.  From the
shape of her body underneath, it was obvious that she was wearing a
corset underneath.  Six inch red stiletto heels were on her feet. 
"You look wonderful!" said Jennifer as Laura slowly turned in place. 
She was very unsteady in the heels, and Richard had to steady her
more than once.
     "All you have to do is walk down the aisle," he said.  "You will
have the best man there to lean on," said Richard.
     "This is so weird," said Laura.
     "I'd really like to have you there," said Jennifer.
     "All right," concluded Laura.  "I'll do it."

     With her sister gone, Jennifer sat down on a chair and looked at
Richard.  "Richard," she said.  "There's something that's been
bothering me," she said.
     "What is that?" he asked.
     "Well, I've lost track of time, and I'm not quite sure, but I
think my period was supposed to come yesterday or today," she said. 
"What if..." she asked.
     Richard smiled at her.  "I'll bet you anything that you're not
pregnant," he said.
     "H... how can you be so sure?" Jennifer asked.
     "This issue came up once before, with Susana," he said.  "I had
a vasectomy," he said.
     But he's so young, thought Jennifer.  "You don't want kids at
all?" asked Jennifer.
     "Not exactly," said Richard.  "But I know what my preferred
lifestyle is, and I don't want accidental children.  I have at least
a dozen frozen sperm samples, however, in case I... in case *we*
should want to have children."
     This made Jennifer feel better.  She knew that she did not want
a child now... but that might change someday.




HIRED HELP

     Chapter 37

     As Richard had guessed, by the next day, Jennifer felt the
familiar sensations of her menstraual flow.
     Today, Richard had dressed her in the nineteen inch black satin
corset, rubber gloves, rubber stockings, six inch locking heels, and
her locking long sleeved rubber maid's outfit with the very flared
skirt.  She wore a chastity belt as well.  This one had a rear butt
plug, but there was no front dildo.  Richard had allowed her to put a
tampon there instead.
     Richard left her alone most of the day, saying that he had
preparations to make for the wedding.  Before he left, he gave her a
long list of things to do around her house.
     Jennifer surprised herself by finishing the list well before
suppertime.  She found that walking in the six inch heels was almost
automatic now.  It took an effort to remember what it was like to
walk *without* heels.
     When Richard returned, he found her sitting on the couch,
watching television.  "Is everything done?" he asked her as he put
his briefcase down.
     "I think so," she replied.  Richard sat down next to her.  "Did
you get everything done that you wanted to?"
     Richard nodded.  With a complete lack of subtlety, he reached
down and unzipped his pants.  "Do you remember your lessons?" he
asked.
     Jennifer was surprised for only a moment.  She slid to the floor
and kneeled down in front of him.

     Wednesday brought more of the same.  Except that, this time, she
was wearing handcuffs with only a few inches of separation, and ankle
fetters with twelve inches of chain between them.
     Jennifer barely finished Richard's list of chores before he
returned.  He seemed surprised to find out that she had finished all
of her work.  Like tuesday, the evening passed by with her knelt down
in front of him.

     Thursday's outfit was a repeat of Wednesday's.  Hoiwever, this
time the chain between her ankles was only six inches long.
     This time, Jennifer did not manage to get all of her chores
done.
     "You need to be punished," Richard said simply.
     "This is not fair!" she said to him.
     "I never promised to be fair," said Richard.
     She had no reply to this.  Jennifer fumed slightly as she took
mincing steps to follow Richard to his bedroom.
     She spent the next few hours in her outfit, blindfolded and
gagged, with her hands held up above her by a chain connected to the
ceiling.  She was never sure when Richard was in the room or not. 
Finally, he let her arms down and took off the blindfold and the gag.
 Next, he unlocked her handcuffs and fetters.
     "It's bedtime," he said, as he unlocked the chastity belt.
     After three days of enforced abstinence, Jennifer was not at all
patient.  As soon as she was free, she grabbed ahold of his pants,
unzipped them, and pulled them to the floor.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 38

     Jennifer had to lean against the wall and pant for breath as the
corset closed in around her waist.
     Mary the dressmaker watched her calmly.  "How tight is this
going to go?" Jennifer asked.
     "It should be eighteen inches around, when it's done," she
replied over the hum of the motors.  Although the corset had standard
lacings in back, the cords were being pulled by two electric motors
set into the walls of the dressing room.
     "I think that your sister's here," she continued.  "This will
take at least another ten minutes," she declared.  "I'll be back when
it's done.
     As Mary left, Jennifer was left there, leaning up against the
wall of the small room.  She had to balance in white seven inch
heels.  The switches for the motors were just out of arms reach in
either side, and there was no way that she could possibly touch them,
even if she tried.
     Other than the tightening white satin corset and the shoes, she
was wearing nothing.  The long raincoat and black six inch heels that
she had worn here were piled in a corner of the room.
       Jennifer heard voices outside the dressing room, but could not
make out any of the conversation.  Although she had become accustomed
to breathing and moving in corsets, this one became very challenging
to breath in as it approached its final tightness.
     Just as she thought that she could not take it anymore, the
whine of the motors stopped.  She slumped down and let out a tiny
sigh of relief.  Jennifer could only move down a few inches as the
corset strings held her in place.
     She guessed that it was several minutes before Mary found her. 
Dressed in a skin tight black rubber body suit, she reached over and
unlached one of the sets of corset strings from the motor.
     Mary expertly wrapped the strings around Jennifer's waist
without losing any of the tension.  She repeated this with the other
corset strings, then tied the two together.
     Jenninfer turned to look at herself in the mirror.  Her figure
was beyond fabulous now.  With the so small waist and breasts that
were supported and separated by the corset, she was approaching the
realm of fantasy.
     "Sit down.  Let's get your slip on now," said Mary.
     Jennifer sat down on the bench in the dressing room.  Mary
brought in a box, and a long white satin slip was inside it.
     As she wriggled into it, Jennifer realized that the term hobble
slip would be more appropriate.  Jennifer stood up with her legs
tightly together as Mary laced it up in back.
     The slip was made of white satin.  It was extremely tight around
her waist and legs. Her knees could not move from their position.  As
she tried to step forward, she found that she was fortunate to be
able to take steps longer than four inches.
     Mary left the room again.  When she returned, she came back with
several very frilly crinoline underskirts in her hands.
      They were able to slip them over her head and down into place
around her ever so small waist.  There were six of them total, the
last one the largest.  When they were done, there was hardly room
left for Mary to stand in the dressing room.  For six feet in each
direction, all Jennifer saw was fluffy white netting.
     Mary left again.  This time, when she returned, she had a very
long white satin wedding dress in her hands.
     Jennifer nearly fell over in the attempt to get it on over her
head.  They finally managed to get it on her, and zip it up in back.
     Mary helped her to get out of the dressing room.  This was aided
by the fact that there was no doorway to the room, only a very wide
curtain.  Jennifer took dozens of baby steps in her hobble slip and
heels before she even managed to get out of the room.
     They emerged into the main display room.  Mannequins were
displaying rubber and leather outfits of all types here.  Under
Mary's direction, she continued forward, until Jennifer was at the
center of the room.  The, the rubber clad woman walked around her and
arranged the dress and train around her.
     When she was done, she brought out a large mirror so that
Jennifer could see herself.  The effect left her light headed.  "It's
like a fairy tale," she said.  The dress was made of soft, shiny
white satin, with elaborate embroidery and beads all around it. 
There were huge puffy satin shoulders attached to the long sleeves of
the dress.  In front, the dress went all the way to her neck, but
there was a heart shaped cutout in front that revealed as much
clevage as was legal.  This cutout area was covered with the filmiest
white material, hiding nothing underneath.
     She could never remember seeing a dress this large before. 
Bigger than the dresses in Gone with the Wind, bigger than the good
witch in Oz, bigger than the woman in The King and I.  Then, there
was her impossibly small waist perched above all of that vastness.
     "God!" she heard a familiar voice say.  Jennifer turned her
head, and saw her sister walking out of another dressing room,
escorted by Mary.
     Laura was dressed in a long sleeved, neck high hobble dress. 
The material was a shiny, slightly stretchy bright blue vinyl.  Like
Jennifer, there was a heart shaped cutout above her prodruding
breasts, covered only by a wisp of blue translucent fabric.  It
looked like her breasts were on the verge of breaking through the
tight fabric of the dress.
     Jennifer had never known her sister to be particularly chesty. 
However, the narrowness and stiffness of her waist revealed where her
clevage had come from.
     The dress looked to be a little looser than Jennifer's slip. 
Her sister took quick steps, almost a foot long each, towards her. 
Matching blue five inch heels adorned her feet.
     "You're something else!" said Jennifer after she saw the effect
the dress had on her sister.
     "Look who's talking!  That thing is unbelievable!  I've never
seen anything like it!" exclaimed Laura.
     "We have a few more things to get done here," said Mary. 
Jennifer watched as the dressmaker directed Laura to walk and turn
around, all the while observing her closely.  She brought out a
notepad and jotted down a few notes.
     "How does yours fit," Mary asked while looking at Jennifer.
     She spent a moment studying the sensations of the dress.  "Fits
like a glove," she said.
     "Raise your hands over your head," Mary instructed, "and turn
from side to side."
     Jennifer complied as best she could.  Turning was easier said
than done in the corset, hobble slip, and heels.
     "Mary, please call three two four," came a sound over the
intercom.  "Mary, call three two four,"
     "I'll be back in a few minutes," she said.  "I won't take long."
     Jennifer was left alone with her sister.  "I hate to break it to
you," said Laura, "but your finacee is nuttier than a fruitcake. 
Just look at all this!" she said with a sweeping motion of her arms."
     "He's different," said Jennifer.  "But that's just the way he
is.  Is it really that bad?" she asked.
     "Oh, I'm not trying to talk you out of this, or anything," she
said.  "But how many guys would even *think* of something like this,
let alone do it?"
     "Richard is strange in a lot of ways," said Jennifer.  "But
that's the man I love."
     "Do you really like being dressed up like that?  Or like this?"
she said, pointing to herself."
     She thought about that for a long moment.  "I'm not sure that I
*like* it.  I really don't mind it, and it's fun at times.  Honestly,
what I like is the effect that it has on Richard.  The way he looks
at me," Jennifer had to shudder with the memory, "God, for the way he
looks at me, the way he touches me, the way he talks to me, oh,
everything about him, this is worth it a thousand times over.
     "Think about it, Laura," she said.  "Do you have any idea how
*sexy* you look now?  Especially to a guy that's even the least bit
kinky?"
     Laura turned and examined herself in the mirror, saw the narrow
waist and the heaving breasts.  "I suppose I do look rather... hot,"
she said.
     "That's an understatement," said Jennifer.  "I don't remember
you *ever* calling yourself hot or sexy before."
     "That's true," Laura replied.  "All those cheerleaders at
school, the guys just fought over them to ask them out.  I hardly
ever had a boyfriend, in high school.  And now, I still don't," she
said.
     Suddenly, Laura looked up, like she had suddenly changed trains
of thought.  "I have to know," she said in a conspiratorial whisper. 
"Is Richard any good in bed?"
     As Jennifer thought about the question, she started to laugh. 
How to compare the feeble relationships she had had with Richard's
ways?  More than half the time, she was not even in a bed when he had
made her orgasm.  The toys, the teasing, the mind-blowing sex... how
could she ever imagine going back to a 'normal' relationship with
anyone?  There was no comparison.  Richard was not even playing in
the same *leauge* as everyone else!
     "What's so funny?" asked Laura.
     "He's wonderful in bed," she said, not bothering to explain. 
He's wonderful everywhere else, too, like the kitchen, the park, the
theater...
     "You ask like you doubt that," said Jennifer.  "Did you think I
was just marrying him for his money?"
     "Well... the thought *had* crossed my mind," Laura said.  "How
much is he worth, anyway?"
     "I haven't the slightest idea," she said.  "Probably at least
seven figures."
     As Laura was digesting this, Mary came back into the room. 
"We're done for the day.  We need to make a few final adjustments,"
she said.  "Come in on monday, same times, and you should be all
ready then."
     They both nodded.  "Call me at home tonight," said Laura. 
"After eight.  Mom is going out tonight, and probably won't be back
before midnight."




HIRED HELP

Chapter 39

     Jennifer was sitting on a chair in Richard's den.  She was
dressed in the black rubber maid's outfit again, complete with
corset, gloves, stockings, and locking six inch heels.  Her crotch
was still dripping from the attention that Richard's tongue had been
giving it.
     Richard was sitting at his desk, watching her as she dialed the
phone number that she knew all too well.  After four rings, Jennifer
was starting to become concerned.
     "Hello?" came a faint voice.
     "Laura, is that you?"
     "Yea," she said, almost a sigh.
     "You don't sound well," said Jennifer.
     "She... Mom... I'm sorry!" her sister said.
     "Sorry?  Sorry for what?" asked Jennifer.
     "Oh, god!  I didn't want to, but I didn't know what else to do!"
     "What are you talking about?"  She heard Laura stop for a moment
to blow her nose.
     "Mom was driving around this morning, and she saw me on my way
back from the dress fitting," she said.  "I didn't mention it to her,
she just thought I was at work."
     "God!  Did she rake you over the coals?" Jennifer said, with
vivid memories coming to mind.
     "She was more or less sober, so she was being her controll
everything, know everything, threaten to take away the car, cold
hearted bitch self!
     "I didn't know what to say!" she said.  "Maybe she saw where I
came from.  I don't know.  I'm sorry!" she said again.
     "What exactly did you tell her?" asked Jennifer.
     "I told her that I was getting a dress," she said.  "That wasn't
good enough for her.  It's like she knew something was up.  She just
wouldn't stop... damn her!"
     "What did you tell her?" Jennifer asked again.
     "I told her that I had seen you," she said.  "That you were
getting married.  I'm sorry!"
     Jennifer could not blame her sister.  In her darkest memories,
she remembered their mother.  Somehow, the woman knew exactly what
buttons to push with both of them.  She knew what to threaten, what
failures of them to bring up and throw in their faces, what buttons
to push.  She could never remember actually winning an argument with
the woman, or ever seeing her be nice to either of her daughters
without an ulterior motive.
With Jennifer, it was 'The Look That Could Kill' that would make her
crumble.  With Laura, her mother ranted and raved and screamed until
Laura would give in, in tears.
     "She knows when, too!" said Laura.  "There's no way that I'll be
able to make it there.  Mother will stop me.  She threatened to take
my car away!  It's in her name, after all.  And even if I did, you
know that she'd follow me!"
     "I know," Jennifer said with as large of a sigh as her corset
would allow.
     "I'm sorry," she said again.
     She saw that Richard was looking at her intently, with a
questioning look on his face.  "Let me talk this over with Richard,"
she said.  "I'll try to call back in a bit," she said.
     "OK," said Laura.  "You're not mad at me?"
     "No, Laura, I'm not.  I've lost track of the number of times
that she's done that sort of thing to me.  I hoped... well, call you
back in a bit."
     "Bye," Laura said simply.
     Jennifer hung up the phone.  "What's going on?" Richard asked.
     Jennifer explained that Laura had spilled the beans to their
mother.  "It's not Laura's fault," she said.  "Our mother, the
paranoid witch, can just *do* that to us.  I can't even exactly
explain how."
     "Parents and offspring know each other in ways no one else can
understand," said Richard.  "I understand, at least partially."
     "What can we do?" asked Jennifer.  "I really want Laura there.
     Richard thought about that.  "Why don't you want your mother
there?" he asked.
     "Are you thinking of caving in and inviting her?!" Jennifer
said, eyes wide.
     "Don't jump to conclusion yet," said Richard.  "Why?"
     Jennifer tried to calm down before answering.  "Everything she's
touched in my life seems like it was ruined.  My piano lessons, my
first boyfriend, the choir I sang in... damn it!  It's like she
enjoys ruining my life!  This is the first thing that's happened to
me that has been *good!*  If my mother's there, she'll criticize
everything, she'll make a scene, she'll make a stink, she'll make me
look bad in front of everyone... that's just the way she is!  That
woman is poison in a human form!  I'm sure that she'll do her best to
find out more from Laura, like where we live.  By tomorrow, I bet
she'll be thinking of ways to crash in and ruin everything!"
     "I just have a thought," Richard said.  "We might be able to get
rid of her by inviting her," he said.
     "I don't understand at all," she said.  "I don't want her to be
a part of my life anymore!  I don't want her anywhere near me!  I
also wish that Laura could move out of the house," she concluded. 
"Without me there, my sister is getting all the attention now."
     "Let me give you my ideas, and maybe you can give me a few as
well.  We could invite your mother.  However, there is a strict, and
I mean *strict* dresscode, especially for the female guests.  Your
mother would not be excluded from this."
     Jennifer tried to imagine it.  "I still don't see how that
helps," she said.
     "Is there anything that your mother particularly dislikes?" he
asked.
     "Being humiliated," Jennifer said immediately.  "That's why she
tries to humiliate me and my sister.  I think that's what she fears
the most.  I know this because I saw her at a restauraunt and she
made a complete fool of herself over this waiter.  Afterwards... oh,
it was bad at home!  She always likes to be in control, as well.  She
always has to have the last word.  Somehow, I don't think that
dressing her up is going to do it, though.  She's never minded
showing her body off.  That's never embarassed her, that I know of."
     "Hmmm..." he said, chewing on his lip.  "I'm still thinking. 
But about your sister..." he said, "you know, lately you really
haven't been having much time to get things done around the house. 
And that's only going to get worse after we're married."
     Only going to get worse... that means I'll be doing less
housework... probably doing more with Richard... I like the sound of
that, concluded Jennifer.  "What's your point?" she asked.
     "Perhaps your sister could work here for a while," he said.  "Be
the maid, and help out around here," he said.  "That could really
free up your time around here," he said.
     "That would get her out of the house," she said.  "But... I
don't like to share," she said, looking at him.  "Especially with my
sister."
     Richard looked a bit surprised, then recovered.  "I was not
suggesting anything of the sort," he said.  "If you don't like the
idea..."
     "As long as you know I don't like the idea of sharing, it will
be fine," said Jennifer.  "I think that just about anything would be
better than life at home right now."
     "There should be no problem with that," said Richard.  "No
problem at all.  But as for your mother, how about something like
this..."




HIRED HELP

Chapter 40

     Saturday morning, Jennifer woke up in Richard's bed.  The last
night's activities were a blur to her.  She tried to stretch, but
found out that her hands and legs were tied spread-eagle to the bed.
     She wore nothing other than her restraints.  Richard was not in
the room, but she heard sounds of activity from outside the room.
     Richard returned with breakfast on a tray and a box which he sat
down on the floor.  He was clothed in nothing except a pair of
slippers, and the sight of this brought a smile to her face.
     Richard fed her while she was still tied to the bed.  After
feeding himself, Jennifer noticed that his penis was rather stiff.
     "Isn't it a little early to have a hard-on?" Jennifer asked in a
teasing voice.
     "It's never too early for that," he replied.  Slowly, he slid
onto the bed and climbed on top of her.  He ran a hand down the side
of her ribcage, and nibbled on the side of her neck with his lips.
     "Oh, Richard!" she said aloud as a tremor passed through her
body.  "Oh!"  She thrust upward with her hips, hoping to touch his
manhood hovering just inches above her.
     Richard did not leave her wanting for very long.

     Jennifer emerged from the shower with a towel over her head. 
She didn't even think of covering herself as she walked into
Richard's room.  She wore slippers with five inch heels as she walked
out.
     "So, what surprise do you have for me today?" she asked him.
     Richard gave her a slight smile.  He held up a piece of shiny
black rubber that Jennfier identified as a body suit.
     The suit unlaced in back.  Richard helped her step into it after
she kicked off her slippers, and she noticed that he had spread some
sort of white powder on the inside that made it slide on smoothly. 
She found herself balancing on her tiptoes, unable to lower her heels
without extreme discomfort.  She hoped that Richard would put some
shoes on her soon.
     The suit covered her feet and legs entirely.  There was a long
opening between the legs that would give ample access to her crotch. 
As Richard slid it up on her, she felt that the rubber around her
waist was much thicker and stiffer.  When it was laced up, she was
sure that it would act like a corset.
     Like that should surprise me any, Jennifer thought.  Next, she
put her arms into the body suit.  When they were in place, she saw
that each sleeve ended in a thumbless mitten.  The rubber of the
mittens was very stiff and unyeilding, making her hands effectively
useless.
     The last part of her body to go into the outfit was her head. 
She found something hard and unyeilding inside the hood, where her
mouth wanted to be.  Taking a guess, she opened her mouth and sucked
it inside.
     Sure enough, the hood came on easily afterwards.  As Richard
started to lace the back of it up, she was able to see herself in the
mirror.  The hood had small holes for the eyes, and even smaller
holes for her nose.  Her mouth was completely covered, except for a
single tiny hole that hissed as she tried to breathe through her
mouth.  From the feel of what was in her mouth, she guessed that it
was a short rubber dildo with some sort of breathing tube in it.
     Richard lace it tight, but not as tight as the corsets she had
been wearing lately.  After he was done, he led her over to the bed
and put locking six inch black heels on her feet.
     I can manage pretty well in these, Jennifer thought to herself. 
And to imagine that I used to have trouble in three inch heels!
     "One more thing," said Richard.  He went over to a drawer and
pulled out what looked to be a large rubber coated watchspring with a
small box on one end.  What the heck is that? Jennifer wondered.
     Richard attached the small box to the front of her corset. 
Then, he pulled the springy rubber device down and into her crotch.
     When it was in place, it hugged her body tightly from waist to
the inside of her vaginal cavity.  She could feel that it wanted to
curl up even tighter, and stayed tight against her even as she moved.
 Right around her clit, it felt like the spring was a bit wider.
     "I can tell that you're curious," he said.  "There are three
parts to the device.  At your waist, there is the power source.  At
your favorite place, there is a tiny vibrator.  Within you, there is
a conductivity detector."
     She felt a low hum suddenly start right next to her clitoris. 
Jennifer tried to grab the rubber spring with her hand, but the heavy
guage rubber prevented her from doing more than pawing herself.
     "A sexually aroused woman will secrete a good amount of fluid
down there," he explained.  "The conductivity detector is sensitive
to changes in moisture.  In essence, whenever you dry out down there,
it will start to vibrate.  When you get wet again, it will stop."
     Sure enough, after a minute of stimulation and as the juices
started to flow, the vibrations within her stopped.  Jennifer made a
tiny moaning sound through the hole in her dildo gag.  This thing is
going to drive me nuts!
     "I just want to make sure that you're ready for me anytime that
I want to take you today.  As you can see, it doesn't get in the way
of sex at all."
     A satisfied smile came across his face.  Where the hell does he
come up with these ideas? she wondered.

     During the rest of the day, Richard had his way with her five
times.  Each time, there was less preparation than the last.  Thanks
to the sporadically vibrating device in her, she was always wet and
lubricated, ready for him to enter her.
     The last time, Jennifer had turned around, just in time to see
Richard's erect cock as he pulled her to the floor and thrust into
her a second later.  Jennifer orgasmed every time that he took her,
and on one occasion she orgasmed twice.
     It was late evening before Richard let her out of the rubber
outfit and took the device out of her.
     "Suppertime," said Richard, as he headed for the kitchen.
     Jennifer remembered her previous trobles walking without shoes. 
Before following him, she took the opportunity to put the six inch
heels back on her feet and lock them on.
     They had dinner nude, except that Jennifer wore the shoes. 
"Your mother should have received the invitation today," said
Richard.
     "I hope that Laura's allright, replied Jennifer.
     "Well, with an official invitation, I don't think that your
mother will be as eager to ferret out information from your sister."
     "I half expect to see her show up on our doorstep anytime now. 
I'm afraid that she's going to throw some sort of fit and keep Laura
from showing up.  I don't know why, but I just have a bad feeling
about this."
     Richard thought about this while he played with his food.  "Do
you have something in mind?" he asked.
     "I just wish there was a way to get her out of the house *now*,"
said Jennica.  "That way, my mother couldn't pull anything at the
last minute."
     "I have an idea," said Richard.  "Your old apartment is still
paid for.  I made sure of that shortly after you started working
here.  Perhaps Laura could look after it for a few days."
     Jennifer had forgotten that detail.  "That would be a good
idea!" she said.  "I hope that Laura will go for it.  I can ask her
monday at our fittings."
     "Come on," Richard said as he pushed back his chair and stood
up.  "The supper dishes can be cleaned up tomorrow."
     Jennifer gladly complied and followed Richard back to his
bedroom, walking in her six inch heels.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 41

     SMASH!
     Jennifer watched the pieces of the bowl scatter about the
kitchen floor.  "What was that?" came Richard's voice.
     "A bowl," said Jennifer.  She walked in her heels over to the
closet and found a broom to clean it up.
     By the time she had returned, Richard was at the doorway. 
Jennifer was again dressed in the high necked rubber maid's outfit,
with rubber gloves, corset, rubber stockings, and six inch black
heels.  "Come on," said Richard.
     "I have to clean this up first," she said.
     "You have to be punished," he replied calmly.
     "Punished?!  I'm almost married to you!"
     "Do you think that you can get away with this now?  I think not.
 You will still be punished for your mistakes when you're married to
me."
     Jennifer fumed, then calmed down.  "All right," she conceded. 
"I was a bad girl."  She remembered that Richard's 'punishments' were
often not true punishments at all.
     Richard led her to his den.  He pulled out a chair, and had her
stand behind it.  Out of his desk drawer, he pulled out a good
quantity of rope and tied her legs to the legs of the chair.
     The next item he procured was a dildo.  Seven inches long and
rather thick, it took him some time to work it into her pussy.
     He bent her over the back of the chair.  The chair was at just
the right height that the base of the dildo was against the top of
the chair.  He then tied her hands to the front legs of the chair.
     Jennfier ground around, and found that she could move the dildo
around quite nicely.  "Mmmm..." she said aloud.
     Richard went back to his desk, and shed his clothes.  Jennifer
could not see what he was doing because her view behind her was
blocked by the wide expanse of the skirt of the maid's outfit.
     She felt his penis brush up agains her buttocks.  This time, it
felt very wet and slippery, like he had applied lubricant.
     Jennifer let out a gasp as he slowly guided it up into her anus.
     "God!' she exclaimed.  Richard had put plugs up there before,
but she could not remember him ever screwing her there before!  "What
are you doing?"
     "Giving you a lesson," he said.  "Very bad girls can get it this
way."
     Richard was very slow with his movements within her.  The
initial discomfort was soon past, and soon she was grinding around,
moving the dildo around within her.  Without a vibrating toy, the
process was slower, but her excitement level did rise.  She was
coming close, very close...
     The tightness of the corset was again apparent, especially with
her bent over position.  "I'm so close," she said.  "so close..."
     Richard stayed within her as she brought herself to a
torturously slow and protracted orgasm.  When she was done, he was
still there, inside of her, as hard as before.  "How... how long are
you going to take?" she asked.
     "That depends upon how long it takes for you to get me to a
climax," he said, moving back and forth ever so slightly withing her.
     "Oh, god!" she said aloud.  This is going to be a long
morning...
     Jennifer moved her hips forward and back, as much as her
restraints would allow.  Richard stayed with her, resulting in only
the slightest sensations of motion.
     The dildo was moving around inside of her again.  All she
accomplished was to excite herself further.  Soon, she lost track of
her original goal, and was simply grinding agains the back of the
chair.
     Her head was swimming from her shortness of breath by the time
that a second orgasm went through her.  When she came back to
reality, Richard was *still* there, moving slightly back and forth
inside of her rear opening.
     She finally came up with a different strategy.  Jennifer
clenched her rear muscles as tight as she could, in pulses, as she
wriggled and moved as best she could.  She tried to feel his motions,
and counter them with her sphinter muscle clenches as tightly as she
could.  She tried to push him out of her, as well, like a bowel
movement.
     The combination of all of this finally sent Richard over the
edge.  She could feel him spurt his juices within her, and finally he
slipped out of her rear.
     She was close as well, and she took a few minutes to bring
herself to a climax as well.
     "Remember," he said, as he untied her, "Remember that I will
expect this from you as well," he said.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 42

     This time, Jennifer and Laura did not manage to cross paths
until their respective fittings were over with.
     The two girls sat in the main lobby of Fantasy Supreme.  Laura
was wearing a T-shirt and jeans, and in her hands she had a large
box.  Jennifer was wearing only a long shiny black vinyl coat, with
the belt cinched so tightly that she must be wearing a corset
underneath.  Her feet were in six inch black heels.
     "So, do you want to stay at my old apartment?" Jennifer asked.
     "That would be great!" Laura replied instantly.  "I would have
moved out before, but there's just no way I could afford it right
now."
     Jennifer nodded.  "There's a key in a crack in the molding
around the door," she said.  "On the right, near the foor.  You
should be able to find it without a problem."
     "Mother threatens to kick me out onto the street every once in a
while," said Laura.  "Now she can't threaten me with *that* anymore!"
     "Did she get the invitation?" Jennifer asked.
     "She did.  She was upset at first, that you had not even talked
to her about it.  Then she called a couple of her friends up.  She
was talking so loud that I couldn't help but hear her.  One of her
friends told her that your fiancee was a multi-millionaire, and
suddenly she was very quiet about the whole thing."
     "Has she given you any more grief about it?" Jennifer asked.
     "Not since the invitation arrived.  I think she was almost nice
to me today."
     "Now *that* really worries me."
     "Tell me about it.  Actually, I think I'm going to go to your
apartment right after this, and drop the dress off there.  Do you
think that mother would really wear something like this?" she said.
     "Maybe," said Jennifer, with a thought crossing her mind.  "I
take it you're going to go home and get some of your stuff?" she
asked.
     "Sure.  How long can I stay there?" she asked.
     "For as long as you would like," replied Jennifer.  "I think
that it's paid up for several months.   But... when you see mother
next, could you drop her a hint that there will be some wedding
guests that are just as wealthy as Richard *and* unmarried right
now?"
     "Sure... but why?  Are *you* up to something now?" she asked.
     "Could be.  That's even a true statement.  There *will* be a
couple of unmarried available men at the wedding.  And they know that
the wedding is going to be...ah... different.  Every one of the guys
that will be there is just as kinky as Richard."
     "I'll tell her," said Laura.  "You know, she'll do her best to
throw herself at one of them.  They'd probably be a hell of a lot
better than some of the guys she's dragged home!"
     A car pulled up outside the lobby, and Jennifer saw Richard step
out of it.  "My ride is here.  Oh, take this," she said, handing
Laura a slip of paper.  "That's our phone number, just in case you
need something.  Leave it at the apartment.  I'd rather not give it
to mother."
     Laura nodded, and waved goodbye as Jennifer and Richard drove
off.

     "Is Laura going to move out?" Richard asked.
     Jennifer nodded.  "She didn't even have to think about it."
     "I still haven't met this mother of yours that you talk of," he
said.  "But I suppose that it's tradition to dislike the
mother-in-law."
     "I had a brainstorm while I was waiting," said Jennifer.  "I
told Laura to tell mother that there would be unattached guests at
the wedding.  They would be filthy rich and... um... kinky.  I
thought that would get my mother to come along and cooperate."
     "Hmmm... that should work.  I take it that money can act as an
aphrodisiac for your mother?"
     "I'd have to say yes," she said.
     Richard rolled his eyes.  "That's exactly the type of woman that
always seemed to throw herself at me.  That is, until you came
around.  Oh, well."
     "You know, maybe we could take this a little further," Jennifer
thought.  Maybe we could talk one of the three unmarried guys into...
well... stringing her along.
     "Adam is engaged," Richard said.  "And Collin... well... I fear
that he would end up actually being taken in by your mother.  No... I
think that Ben might be the best bet."
     Jennifer thought back to Vicki's descriptions.  "Ben has... what
is it?  Two live in girlfriends?"
     "But he's technically not married," said Richard.  "Actually,
Ben might be very willing to help out.  Is your mother a good looking
woman, or not?"
     "She still has a good figure, I guess," said Jennifer.  "She can
always find a good looking guy when she heads out for the bars to
troll for a bed partner."
     "Let me give Ben a call when we get back," he said.

     Jennifer watched as Richard hung up the phone.  "He'll be happy
to do it," he said.  "I could almost hear him drooling over the
phone."
     Just seconds later, the phone rang.  Richard picked it up, then
handed it to Jennifer.  "It's for you," he said.
     "Hello?"
     "Jen?  It's Laura," came the voice on the other end of the
phone."
     "My sister," she said to Richard.  He nodded, then walked out of
his den, leaving her alone to talk with her sister.  "What's up?" she
asked her sister.
     "Well... I looked at all the stuff that comes along with this
dress," she said.  "I knew about the corset, and the shoes, and I've
tried on the dress.  But there's this other thing in here..." she
said.
     "Yes?"
     "It looks like... well, it looks like something that has two
rubber dongs on it!  It's some kind of belt or something.  There are
batteries with this thing, that go with the dongs.  Am I really
supposed to wear this?  My god!  What a sick idea!"
     "I'm sure that if you don't want to, you don't have to," she
said.
     "You... you don't sound surprised by this?"
     "Do you think you're the only one?  Or the first to wear
something like that?  I bet that will be standard issue for the
female guests."
     "Have *you* worn this?" Laura asked.
     "Several times," she replied calmly.
     "God!" said Laura.  "What's it like?"
     "Interesting, I'll say," she said.  There was a long silence
from Laura.  "You know, you could always try it out first, alone" she
said.  "To see if you'll be able to handle it during the wedding."
     "I... geez!  Your boyfriend is sick!"
     "Laura... you know, I can't imagine him any other way!  And
think about this:  Even with all this 'sick' stuff, I'm still going
to marry him!"
     There was another long pause.  "I... guess I'll try it out,
then." she said.
     "Your choice, of course," she said.  "Call me back when you've
made up your mind."

     A few hours later, the phone rang again.  Richard had been on
the phone, making calls, and had Jennifer underneath his desk, in the
corset and heels, giving oral attention to his penis.
     "It's for you," Richard said, backing his chair up.
     Jennifer wiped her face off with her hands before crawling out. 
Richard handed her the phone and let her sit down on his lap.
     She felt his hard, wet penis up against her back.  "Hello?" she
said.
     "Ah, hi," came the voice of Laura.
     "Have you made a decision?" guessed Jennifer.
     "I think I'll try to wear it," said Laura.
     "So, what did you think?" Jennifer asked.
     "Well..." said Laura.  There was a long pause.  "My batteries
wore out."
     Jennifer couldn't help herself, and she started laughing.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 43

     Jennifer woke up with Richard still in the bed next to her. 
"Good morning," she said, crawling over him and rubbing her bare
breasts agains his chest.
     She was still wearing the corset and heels, but nothing else. 
Slowly, Richard's eyes opened up.  "Do you want me to make
breakfast?" she asked.
     "If you would be so good," said Richard.
     Jennifer walked out of the room in the heels.  The swaying of
her hips exaggerated by the heels and by conscious effort on her
part.  Richard was not in the kitchen by the time she was done, so
she put it all on a tray and returned to his bedroom.
     Richard was sitting on the bed, still not completely awake.  "Is
something wrong?" Jennifer asked.  "You're almost *always* the first
one up!"
     "I guess my body is just making up for lost time," he said.
     "Lost time?" she asked.
     "I don't always sleep soundly," he replied.
     Jennifer sat down next to him and put the tray down between
them.  "So, what's on today's agenda?" she asked.
     "I need to have Fantasy Supreme set up an appointment with your
mother to get a dress for the wedding," Richard said.  Jennifer
wrinkled her nose at this.  "I know that you don't like to talk about
her, but it's necessary."
     "I know," she said.  "Anything else today?"
     Richard gestured towards the closet door.  She could see that
there was a mass of stiff black latex hanging from a hook on the
door.  "What is that?" she asked.
     "You'll find out soon," he said.
     They chatted a bit about wedding details as they ate.  When they
were done, Richard asked her to run the dishes back to the kitchen.
     When she returned, Richard had laid the outfit out on the bed. 
"Already?" Jennifer asked.
     "I just want to get an early start," he said.
     It looked like a rubber body suit, with a zipper along the
crotch.  However, this one looked to be made of much thicker material
than the last one she had worn.
     Richard unlocked her heels, but did not remove her corset. 
Jennifer had to sit down after the heels were off her feet.
     This suit had a zipper in back.  With Richard's help, she worked
her legs into the outfit.
     Once her legs were in, she found that her feet and toes were
pointing straight downward.  The material was very tight agains her
legs.  She tried to bend her foot and her knee, but there must have
been some very tough boning along the length of the legs, because she
could only move her knees a few degrees,
     She slid her arms into the outfit next.  The sleeves were
similar, and her hands were encased in inflexible thick thumbless
rubber mittens.  She tried to move her wrists or elbows, but the
reinforcements in the outfit held her arms straight out, and
immovable.
     Richard pulled the rubber around her waist.  The rubber fit her
tightly everywhere except the nipples.  There, two holes an inch in
diameter each had been cut to allow the tips through.
     He zipped it up in back, and stepped back to look at her.  With
the corset on her, she could only move her shoulders, her hips, and
her neck.  Other than that, she was almost completely immobilized. 
"I hope you don't want me to walk in this," Jennifer said.
     "You might actually be able to manage a step or two," he said. 
"There's reinforcement all along the legs and feet of the outfit. 
However, I think that balancing would be nearly impossible."
     Jennifer looked at him calmly.  "I'm waiting, darling," she
said, batting her eyelashes at him.
     Richard smiled at her.  "I'm not quite done yet," he said.  He
went into his closet, and returned with a thick black rubber hood. 
"This too."
     He unzipped the hood and slipped it over her head.  This one had
a penis gag that she had to allow into her mouth.  There was an
airpassage through it that would allow her to breathe through it.
     There were noseholes as well.  However, this one completely
covered her eyes.  Once the hood was zipped on, she was partially
deafened and completely blind.
     She could only make a small moaning sound through the gag.  She
felt him unzip the crotch of her outfit.  Oh, please,... she thought.
     A few caressed from his hands immediately made her wet.  She
felt his lips against her bare nipple, and a shiver coursed through
her.  She spread her legs wider, and tried to touch him with her
stiff, rubber encased arms.
     She felt the familiar sensations of a rubber phallus entering
her.  After it was fully inside of her, she writhed in frustration as
he zipped the outfit back up.
     A minute later, the dildo within her started to buzz and
vibrate.
     Oh god, how long is this going to last?!
     Knowing Richard, probably for a very long time.

     The vibrations turned on and off at odd intervals.  She could
orgasm frequently, sometimes found herself unwillingly proceeding to
another wave of sensation, and occasionally was left to pant through
her gag as the vibrations ended just seconds too soon.
     After an indeterminate amount of time, she heard Richard return.
 The vibrations stopped, and she felt him unzipping her crotch.
     The dildo came out, only to be replaced by Richard's hard and
ready manhood.  She tried to wrap her legs around his body, but could
not do it with her knees held rigidly in place.
     With the tiny holes to breath through and the corset, she nearly
lost consciousness as Richard has his way with her.  The orgasm she
experienced was dreamy, surreal, and, somehow, exquisitely beautiful.
     Finally, Richard ended his explorations of her.  She felt him
pich her up, and within a minute, he put her down, with her legs
sticking straight out, on the toilet.
     He must want me to use this, Jennifer thougth.  I'm going to be
in this for a long time!

     It was late evening before he finally released her from her
rubber bondage.  After she was out of it, she planted herself face
down on Richard's bed, wearing only the corset, and closed her eyes. 
For a while, she had lost track of what was real and what was
imagined.  The part of her brain that was involved in rational
thought was stunned and reeling.
     It took her several minutes of silence before she could look up
at Richard.  "Are you all right?" he asked.
     She smiled dreamily at him, and he bent down to kiss her.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 44

     Wednesday morning started for them with the sound of the phone
ringing.
     Richard rolled out of bed to get it.  "It's for you," he said
after he returned to the bedroom.
     Jennifer rolled out of bed, garbed only in the corset.  "Could
you get me some shoes?" she asked.
     Richard found the black six inch heels, and locked them onto her
feet.  Jennifer walked in them like they almost weren't there and
headed for the den.
     He had left the phone on the desk.  She picked it up.  "Hello?"
     "Jen?" came her sister's voice.
     "Laura?  What are you doing, calling this early?"
     "It's mother.  She... that bitch!" said Laura.
     "What did she do?" Jennifer asked, sitting down on the desk
chair.
     "She took my car!" 
     "She did what?"
     "She took my car!" sobbed Laura.  "I found a note on the door
today.  I don't know how she found out I was staying here, but she
did.  Maybe she guessed.  It said that her car was in the shop, so
she just came by and took mine!"
     "Why did she have keys?" Jennifer asked.
     "Well, her name is on the title," said Laura.  "I didn't have
money, so mother bought it for me in one a moment of weakness.  But
the car is in her name, and she had keys for it.  And... I picked up
a second job at a department store.  The video store cut my hours way
back.  I want to save up enough money to be able to live on my own. 
Today was the first day... and I missed it!  I tried calling in, but
they just said that I might as well not even show up today!"
     "It's all right," said Jennifer.  "I'm sure that we can do
something for you."
     "Damn, damn, damn..." she said.  "I... sis, can you come over
here today?  Or over there?  I just want to talk to someone.  I don't
want to sit here alone."
     "Hold on a second.  Let me talk to Richard," she said.
     "All right,"
     She put the phone down and headed back to the bedroom.  "It's
Laura," she said.
     "I guessed that.  What's up?"
     "My wonderful mother repossessed her car, and now she's stranded
there," said Jennifer.  "Bus routes don't go there, and she missed
the first day of her new job because of that."
     Richard shook his head.  "I can't understand how such a damnable
woman like that could have such a wonderful daughter," he said.
     Jennifer blushed at that.  "She's really down," she said.  "I'd
like to spend some time with her to cheer her up."
     Richard thought about that.  "I could get some more things done
today," he said.  "Maybe I can avert a few last minute crises a day
or two early.
     "Your car is still in the garage," he said, "and the keys are in
the bottom drawer of my desk.  It should be unlocked now."
     "Thanks," said Jennifer.  She returned to the den and picked up
the phone.  "Laura?"
     "I'm still here.  Where else would I be?"
     "I'll be over in a little while," she said.
     "Thanks," she said.  "You don't know how much this means to me."
     "I'll be there for you," she said.  "See you then."
     "Bye."
     Jennifer stopped at the bathroom to wash her hair.  She heard
Richard walking about the house.  By the time she was done, she heard
the sound of Richard driving away.
     Now, what do I wear? she wondered.

     Having no easy way to remove or change the shoes or the corset,
she added to it by putting on the tight black rubber hobble skirt
with the lengthwise zipper.  She unzipped it from mid thigh to floor,
so she could walk more easily.
     Over this she wore the long shiny black vinyl coat that she had
worn to the fittings at Fantasy Supreme.  It wasn't until she was
pulling into the parking lot that it ocurred to her that there was
nothing covering her breasts except the coat.
     As she stepped out, she remembered her last visit here.  She
remembered her face flushed red as she ran from the apartment,
showing the world everything under her maid's outfit.  What if I meet
someone I know? she wondered.
     Who cares, came a reply from within her.
     She walked up the sidewalk and entered the building.  There was
no one else in the hallway, so she carefully walked up the stairs and
headed for her old apartment.
     Her nock was immediately answered.  "Come in."
     The door opened, and Laura was standing there.  She looked to be
dressed only in a very long T-shirt.  Jennifer carefully walked in,
and was immediately greeted with a big hug.
     "I miss having you around!" she said.
     Jennifer closed the door behind her.  "I miss you too," she
said.
     "Let me take your coat," she said.  Without thinking, Jennifer
unbelted it, took it off, and handed it to her.
     Laura stared at her bare chest.  "I... hope you don't walk
around like that in public," she said.
     Jennifer now remembered her wardrobe problems.  "It's a long
story," she said.
     "I bet.  Want a T-shirt or something?"
     "That's not necessary," she said.  Now, she barely thought about
running around the house bare chested.
     As Laura put her coat away in the closet, Jennifer sat down on
the couch.  A garbage can was nearby, and she saw several cardboard
wrappers for batteries.
     "I see you've been trying your dress on," she said.
     It was Laura's turn to blush as she sat down across from her. 
"Well, only the belt, actually," she said.  "I still can't... how do
you handle thoes shoes?!" she asked.
     "It just takes practice," she said.
     "A lot of practice, I'd have to say," she said.  "I could barely
make it through the sittings.  How am I going to make it through the
whole wedding and reception?"
     "That's the dress code," she said.  "I really doubt that Richard
would relax it for anyone."
     "God, is he kinky!" she said.  "Look at what you're wearing!"
     "He likes this," Jennifer said.  "He *really* likes this.  And,
honestly, I think I like the attention that I get," she said.  There
had been such a thrill when they were at the park, and when Richard
had taken her to eat at the cafe.
     "You must really love him," Laura said.
     "He's a very loving man," she said.  "And very passionate.  It
just so happens that his passions are a little... different."
     "Damn mother!" her sister exclaimed.  "Damn her!"
     "As far as the car goes, you can use mine" said Jennifer.  "I
really don't need it.  You'll just have to drop me off at Richard's."
     "Thanks!"
     "There's not much that I can do about your job," said Jennifer. 
A thought crossed her mind.  "Actually... I seem to remember
something that Richard said.  If you're looking for something else,
Richard told me that you could work for him for a while.  *That*
could certainly help you out."
     "Work for him?  Doing what?" she asked.
     "The same thing I was hired for," said Jennifer.  "You know,
helping out around the house."
     Laura thought about that.  "I'd have to think about that," she
said.  "I'd have to talk to your fiancee about it, too."
     "I'm sure you'll get the chance," she said.  "We can bring it up
at the reception, and I'll remind him of it tonight."
     Laura nodded, then slumped down in her chair and sighed. 
"What's on your mind?" Jennifer asked.
     "Oh, just this whole mess with mother," she said.  "It's like
I've barely been holding on, then she pulls the rug out from under
me."
     "Mother might not be as much of a problem in the future,"
Jennifer hinted.
     "What's that supposed to mean?"
     "Just watch at the wedding and the reception," she said with a
smile.  "Just watch."
     "You're up to something," Laura said, with here eyes widening. 
"You're really going to get her?  Get her good?!"
     "I sure think so," she said.  "But I wouldn't want to spoil it."
     "I've *got* to be there to see this!" Laura said.  "But how am I
going to make it all day?"
     "I've managed it," she said.
     "I still have a hard time believing that," she said.  "I mean,
with everything."
     "You don't believe me?" she asked.
     "I... have a hard time," Laura replied.
     "Let me prove it then," she said.  "Where's the belt and the
dress?"
     "In the bedroom," she said.  "I don't think you can do it."
     "I know I can," she said.  "And if I can, you have to try too."
     Laura nodded.  She went to the bedroom, and returned with the
dress, corset, heels, belt, and lubricating jelly.
     "I'll use this corset and these shoes, unless you have an
objection," she said as she unzipped the hobble skirt.  "They are
higher than yours, anyway."
     Laura looked at her shoes more closely.  "Are those... what are
padlocks doing on your shoes?" she asked.
     "Keeping them on," she said as she lubricated the phalluses of
the belt.
     It looked like the batteries were in the dildoes themselves. 
Slowly, she put the rear one inside of her.  Laura watched with
fascination.  After that was done, the front one went into place.
     She buckled it in place.  There must have been some sort of
wires leading up to the buckles, because as soon as it closed, the
vibrations started within her.
     "Oh, my!" she said.
     "See what I mean?" said Laura.
     Jennfier concentrated at the task at hand.  She unzipped the
blue vinyl hobble dress and stepped inside of it.  She stood up, and
Laura zipped it up in back.
     "Why don't you practice too," she said, rocking her hips
slightly.  "You need to be able to wear the shoes and corset for a
while, and walk around in a tight skirt, whether or not there's a sex
toy inside of you.
     Laura watched her for a long moment.  Then, she put on the blue
five inch heels, took off her T-shirt, and picked up the blue corset.
     It was a unique experience lacing her sister into the corset
while the vibrations went on within her.  She could manage to avoid
collapsing on the floor only by concentrating very hard on the laces
in front of her.
     After she was laced up, Laura sat down and slid Jennifer's black
rubber hobble skirt up.  She zipped it up completely, and stood up.
     Jennifer's eyes stopped moving as an orgasm came near.  "Oh,
god!" she said.
     "See?  I said that with just the belt on!" said Laura.
     Jennifer clenched her teeth as the pleasurable sensations swept
through her.  She could feel her vaginal muscles clenching...
     The orgasm swept over her as the vibrations inside of her
stopped.  She took a breath in her corset and looked at looked at her
sister.  "See?" she said.
     Laura listened intently.  "But... it never stopped for me!" she
said.  "Is it broken?"
     Jennifer shook her head.  "I'm just guessing, but I bet that the
thing has a sensor in it.  When you clamp down on it tightly, I bet
that it stops for a while.  That would be just like Richard.
     "Oh," she said.  "I don't have much practice with that."
     Jennifer slowly walked towards the kitchen, to demonstrate that
it could be done.  By the time that she reached the counter, the
vibrations within her proved her right.
     This time, she consciously clamped down on the dildo within her.
 It took her several tries before the vibrations would stop.  But
they did stop, well before she was near another climax.
     "That's it!" she said.  "To stop it, you have to do Kegel
excercises!  That is," she said with a pause, "if you *want* to stop
it!

     Laura was still skeptical.  "I'll believe it when you kill the
batteries," she said.
     "What was it like for you?" she asked.  "With it on full blast?"
     Laura blushed again.  "Well, I was just kind of lying down on
the bed," she said.  "I didn't have to concentrate on anything!  I
had to unbuckle it every so often.  God!  I don't believe I'm saying
this, or that I did that!"
     Jennifer felt the vibrations within her again.  If killing the
batteries was the goal, she was going to let it run for as long as
possible.  I might as well have fun while I'm doing this, she
thought.

     By noon, the batteries had died, and Jennifer shed the dress and
the belt.  "You're turn," she said, after washing the belt off in the
sink and changing the batteries.
     Laura took off the hobble skirt, and slowly lubed up the
phalluses.  "We'll see," she said, as she slowly worked the phalluses
inside of her.
     When the vibrations started within her, her whole body tensed
up.  "God!" she said, moving her hips around.
     "Clench.  Hard," she said.  "You're going to have to practice
that, unless you want to be on the floor at the wedding,"
     "That might still happen," she said, with her face halfway
between intense concentration and massive distration.
     The vibrations finally died.  "That's not easy to do!" she said.
     "Excercise is good for you," Jennifer said with a smile.  "You
should get your dress on while it's pausing."
     Laura did so.  When the vibrations came back, she tensed even
more.  "Ghhh!  With my legs together, this is even more intense!"
     "You don't *have* to stop it," she said, "But there's no way
you're going to unbuckle it in a hurry now!"
     With closed eyes, there was no indication that Laura heard what
she said.

     "Are you sure that you'll be all right?" Jennifer asked,
wriggling her way out of the car while the car was still running.
     Laura was dressed in a T-shirt and jeans.  She exited on her own
side and walked around to the driver's side.
     As she sat down, Jennifer heard the buzzing starting up under
her sister's jeans.  "Well, I'm going to have to make it to the
wedding all dressed up," she said.  Laura was concentrating intensely
as her legs moved slightly.  About five seconds later, the buzzing
stopped.  "I need to practice now."
     "Just don't get pulled over," warned Jennifer.
     "I'll be all right," said Laura, as she closed the door and
rolled down the window.  "It's just a quick drive home."
     Jennifer watched as her sister turned the car around and drive
away.  At the end of the driveway. Laura idled the car there for the
longest time, even though there was no car in sight.
     Jennifer rolled her eyes, then sighed and walked back to Richard
Hane's mansion.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 45

     "What today?" Jennifer asked thursday morning after they had
showered and breakfast was over.
     Today, they had eaten breakfast in the kitchen.  Jennifer was
nude except for her six inch black high heels, while Richard wore
only a pair of slippers.
     "I haven't decided yet," he said.
     "Richard," said Jennifer, "Why the indecision?"  There was no
answer from Richard except for a grunt.  "Don't you believe me when I
said that I wanted to marry you?  That hasn't changed, even though
the last couple of weeks have been rather wild.  Are you going to try
to concoct something so outrageous that you think I'm going to
leave?"
     Richard looked at her, started to say something, then stopped.
     "I know.  You want to be *sure*.  Maybe I should just *tell* you
what would make me run away.  Then you could decide if you want me to
stay."
     Richard started to say something, but stopped yet again.  "If
you ever hit me or strike me, I will leave," she said.  "I could not
stay with an abusive man like that."  A conversation with Vicki came
to mind.  "You could probably spank me if I was a very bad, and I
would stay."
     "If I ever saw you in bed with another woman, I would leave
you," she said.  "And if anything you did to me sent me to the
hospital, I would seriously think about leaving you."
     "That's it," she concluded.  "If you do those things to me, I'll
leave.  If you don't, I'm sure that I'll stay.  Now," she said.  "Do
you still want to try to think up something diabolical for me?  Are
you going to test me yet again?  Go ahead, because unless you do one
of those things to me, I'm going to stay."
     Richard's mouth was slightly agape.  "I... darling, I don't know
what to say," he said.  "My love, I'm sorry that I doubted you... I
just couldn't believe that someone so wonderful had come into my
life.  How could it be real?"
     "I'm here!" she said.  "I'm real.  You've had your ways with me,
and I'm still here.  Is there something even worse buried inside you,
that you want to show me?"
     Richard was quiet again.  "I... well, there's nothing much
'worse' than you've experienced from me.  Perhaps I would like to
take a few things a bit further, in the future, but I have everything
I imagined in a woman in you.  Everything I have dreamed of!  You...
I love you with all my heart, beloved.  I would never ever hurt you
or cheat on you.  How could I?  You are everything that I want,
everything that I could want!"
     Richard reached out with a hand, and Jennifer grasped it with
both of hers.  "I'm here and I'm not going away," she said.  "I'm not
leaving you.  You see who I am, and I'm not going to change overnight
into something else."
     "You are an absolutely wonderful woman," he said.
     Jennifer stood up and walked over to him.  She put her arm
around him and sat down across his lap.  "This is one woman that's
not scared away, and isn't going to walk out on you," she said.  She
kissed him gently on the forehead.  "Is that so hard for you to
believe?"
     The silence and the downcast eyes told her that the answer was
yes.  She sat there, in his lap, and just stayed there for several
minutes.
     "Do you know," he said slowly, breaking the silence.  "Do you
know how hard it is to be alone?  Not only that, but to believe that
you're going to be that way for the rest of your life?  That's a
terrible, terrible feeling.  It's too terrible to live with.  That's
why I... push it away, down.  I have to have control of myself,
always.  Or else... there is always that part that wants to scream,
jump off the cliff, end it all.  My... my dark secret, buried within
me, is a legacy of despair.  I live surrounded by opulence, living a
life dreams are made of... and I live it alone.  Once, I thought I
had found happiness... and that illusion crumbled in front of me, and
left me in pieces.
     "Can... can you still feel happiness?" she asked.  "Could you be
happy with me?"
     "I hope so," he said.  "I want it so badly.  I want to pain to
*end*.  I want someone I can share everything with, and can share
everything with me.  I want to dance the dance of life with you, in
all its convolutions and missteps.  I want to hold you, and know that
you welcome my touch.  I want to love you."
     "I'm here," she said, quietly.  "And I love you."




HIRED HELP

Chapter 46

     They spent the morning quietly cuddling on the couch in the
living room.  Jennifer snuggled up against him, while he held her and
gently ran his fingers through her hair.
     "Darling?" Jennifer said, looking up at him.
     "Yes dear?"
     "I was wondering... when we're married, are you always going to
want to be in charge of everything?"
     Richard seemed to stiffen a bit.  "What do you mean?" he asked.
     She sensed his discomfort with the question.  "I know that you
don't want a dominatrix for a wife.  I remember what you told me
about Susana.  But... are you always going to want to make *all* the
decisions, about everything?"
     Richard thought about this, and relaxed partially.  "I'm still
not quite sure... I have very definite ideas of what I want, and when
I want it.  That's not going to change."
     "I don't think you understand what I'm asking," she said.  "Do
you want to pick out my clothes every day?  Do you want to be the one
to plan out every moment of our lives, and every move of our
lovemaking?"
     Richard was still silent.  "I'm not trying to spoil anything for
you!" she said.  "I'm just wondering... I'd like at least a *little*
input into what goes on around here.
     "I'm not going to threaten you about this, or walk out because
of it," she said.  "But... remember when you were in the long corset,
and I had my way with you?" she said with a broad smile from the
memory.  "Didn't you enjoy it at least a little?"
     Richard looked down for a minute, then looked at her.  "I have
to admit that I did," he said.
     "I was just hoping, that, sometimes, you would let me use my own
dirty mind every once in a while," she said.  "You are a very
imaginative pervert, and I love you for it," she said.  "But... isn't
marriage supposed to be a partnership?  I'd like to give something
back!  I don't want to take anything away from you... but, even if
you can't let be completely in charge, couldn't I at least ask for
things that I want?
     "You've been wonderful so far, but how can you read my mind
every moment?"
     Richard spoke up finally.  "I hear what you say," he said. 
"I... that's a hard thing that you ask.  Susana... I'm a little
reluctant to let anyone be in control except me."
     "You can't be *that*scared of it," she said.  "You must have had
at least a hint of what was coming that night, and you went along
with it anyway.  And I didn't keep you there."
     "I... guess that a part of me wanted to be caught, that night,"
he said.  "It *is* challenging to keep coming up with ideas every
day."
     "That's exatly what I mean," she said.  "Two heads are better
than one.  I know you *loved* it when you came home from your trip
and I was all dressed up, waiting for you."  It was Vicki's idea...
but why confuse things?  "don't you want more of that?"
     "I... no one has done something that special for me.  Ever," he
said.
     "Let me do more special things for you," she said.
     "I... I would like that," Richard said, a bit sheepishly.
     Jennifer leaned forward and kissed him.  "Thank you," she said.
     "Do you have something in mind?" he asked.
     Jennifer's eyes widened in surprise.  "No..." she said.  "Not
specifically.  But if you're interested, I'm sure I could think of
something... don't you have a closet full of kinky stuff that fits
you?" she asked.

     Jennifer could not put her finger on why she made the choice she
did.  "How abou this one," she said, pulling a black rubber outfit
off of the rack by the hanger.
     "Interesting choice," said Richard as she walked out of the
closet, over to the bed, and put the outfit down so she could examine
it more closely.
     The outfit appeared to be a black rubber maid's outfit, very
similar to the one she had worn repeatedly, with long sleeves, a high
neck, and a very wide flared skirt.  It was larger, of course, and it
felt like there was something bulky inside of it.  Jennifer unzipped
it and looked inside.
     She could see that there was a fairly large black plastic bag
attached to the hanger.  It felt that there were several other items
inside of it.  As she detached the bag, she could see that the outfit
had breast forms built right into it which would give a man a *very*
full bust while wearing it.
     "Any particular reason you picked this one?" he asked.
     "I'm not sure," she said as she opened the bag and dumped its
contents out onto the bed.  "Maybe because I've been the maid so many
times, I want to see *you* make lunch while wearing a maid's oufit. 
What is all this stuff?"
     "This outfit was designed as a part of our friday night games,"
he said.  "It was after Susana left me, so I had no woman to put on
display.  Therefore, I had this made to wear myself.
     "I guess I was feeling particularly down and masochistic when I
designed this," he said.  "These are rubber stockings, and a rubber
garter belt," he said, setting them aside.  "All the locks and keys
for the outfit are in the small plastic bag here.  The shoes are six
and a half inch stilettoes, locking of course," he said, indicating a
pair of shiny black patent shoes.
     "This is the corset that I need to wear to get into the outfit,"
he said, holding up a black satin corset.  She saw that the closure
was of the type that would require his motorized corset puller to get
into.  "The outfit has a rather narrow waist for a man to achieve
unassisted.
     "This is a locking posture collar," he said, picking up a shaped
four inch wide strip of stiff black leather.  "And these are locking
manacles, that attach to the collar."
     "And this," Jennifer interjected, picking up the last item,
"lookes like a rubber chastity belt for a man."
     "On the nose," he said as she felt the large rubber butt plug
that was attached.  There was a narrow opening at the tip of the
plug.  The belt did not have an opening for a penis.  Instead, there
was a sheath inside the belt that would hold the penis straight up,
tight against the body.  There seemed to be a tube built into the
chastity belt that went from the tip of the penis sheath to the base
of the butt plug.  There was a hard lump at the front of the belt,
between the penis sheath and the front of the belt.  This hard lump
and the butt plug were attached by a wire to a small box that had
several knobs on it.  The whole belt could be locked on, of course. 
"This chastity belt has a few... extra features," he said.
     "I see that it vibrates," she said.
     "Also, it can be worn for long periods of time," he said.  "As
you might have noticed, any fluids discharged from the penis travel
through this tube, and through the butt plug, into the rectum.  No
excuse for bathroom breaks," he said.
     Jennifer's eyes widened when he told her this.  At least I'm not
wearing it, she decided.  It sounds like he's already done this
before.  "That seems... a bit excessive," she said.
     "By now, I would think that you would realize that excessive is
normal for me," he said with a twisted smile.
     "I should," Jennifer agreed.
     "Would you like me to put it on?" he said.  "Or, after the
explanation, are you interested in something else"
     "Ah, sure, put it on," she said.  She saw that the corsetting
device was on his dresser.  Jennifer walked over and picked it up. 
"Corset first?"
     Richard struggled into it, with the opening in back.  Jennifer
attached the metal rings in the corset to the hooks on the motorized
device.  "Here goes," she said, plugging it in.
     From experience, she knew that it could easily take ten minutes
to close a corset like this.  "When was the last time you wore this?"
she asked.
     "Maybe three months ago," he said.  "I mailed the keys to
myself, then I put it on.  It was a day before the keys were returned
to me," he said.  "I probably cannot stay in quite that long, as I
did not have an enema before this."
     Enema... "What does the butt plug do for you, anyway?" she
asked.
     "Well... in clinical terms, it puts pressure on my prostrate
gland.  What that does to me, is that orgasms tend to come much more
quickly, and I feel them more intensely, at least physically.  I
wouldn't say that it's *better* that way, only different."
     Orgasms come more quickly... she mentally filed that away for
future reference.  "Do you have anything else in mind?" he asked her.
     "Maybe," she said, thinking furiously.  She remembered him
talking about Susana, and the fact that he did not like to be
derpived of sexual release for long periods of time.  I don't want to
keep him waiting that long.  But... there is a vibrator in that
thing.  That seems to keep him happy for a while.  He also likes to
see me dressed up in kink, and tied up.  She remembered their contest
with the dueling vibrators.  He really seemed to like that, even
though he lost.  Maybe a game will appeal to him?
     Jennifer also remembered how adept his tongue was at pleasuring
her.  That was something that she knew that *she* would like.
     She let her mind work as the corset closed tighter and tighter
around Richard's waist.  His original waistline had been a flat,
masculine one.  Now, with the corset nearly fully closed, his waist
looked rather feminine.  He seemed to be concentrating very intensely
on his breathing, although he did not say anything about it.
     Click.  Clickclick.  Clickclickclickclickclick.  The motors
started to whine as the corset was fully closed.  Jennifer unplugged
the device and detached it from the corset.
     Next, she helped Richard put on the black rubber stocking and
black rubber gloves.  Like the ones she had worn, the stokings came
up to his groin, and the gloves came down to his armpits.
     Richard walked over to his dresser and pulled out a tube of
lubricant.  He liberally applied it to the butt plug of the rubber
chastity belt, then went to the bed to put the plug in.
     She was sure that this one was larger than any one that had been
inside of her.  She saw him roll his eyes once as he slowly pushed it
inside.  Once it was in, he guided his penis into the sheath, and
locked the belt in place around his corsetted waist.  The control box
was momentarily hanging loose.
     "Are there batteries for the belt?" she asked.
     He fiddled with the knobs, and she heard a quick buzzing sound
from the belt.  "There are fresh ones in here," he said.
     Richard hooked the control box to a ring on the front of the
chastity belt.  The rubber garter belt was next, and then he fastened
the stockings to it.
     Jennifer helped him to put the six and a half inch black
stiletto heels on his feet.  There was an odd sense of accomplishment
in her when she locked them in place around his feet.
     Richard stood up in the heels as Jennifer unzipped the maid's
oufit.  She could see that he was rather unstable in the heels. 
"Having trouble?" she asked innnocently.
     "I haven't worn heels in a while," he said.  "It will take a
while to get used to them again."
     Richard stepped into the maid's ouftit, and Jennifer zipped it
up.  This outfit could be locked in place, and she did so with a
click from a padlock.
     Richard fastened the leather posture collar in place himself. 
This one had a built in lock.  After this was done, Jennifer locked
the manacles around his wrists, and then locked the manacle chains to
a ring on the front of the collar.
     The chains were only a foot long.  She saw that he could not
reach down far enough to touch the controls on the control box.
     Jennifer stepped back to examine the whole effect.  If the face
was ignored, the entire ensemble looked like a larger version of what
Jennifer had looked like.  The waist was narrow compared to the bosom
created by the maid's outfit.  The skirt of the outfit was flared
several feet out in all directions.  The black rubber stockings
looked rather nice on her, and she smiled when she saw him teeter
slightly in the six and a half inch heels.  The posture collar kept
his chin up, and his hands were at his stomach, unable to move any
lower.
     If there wasn't a masculine, slightly unshaven face looking at
her, Jennifer knew that Richard would be quite a traffic stopper
right now!
     Jennifer walked up to him in her own six inch heels.  "How does
this work?" she asked, putting her hand on the control box under the
skirt.
     "The knob on your left is the on/off and power control," he
said.  The middle one is the 'pulse on' knob, while the one on the
right is the 'pulse off' knob.  The belt can vary from pulses of less
than a second to ten minutes, depending upon the position of the
knob.  The pauses between pulses can be similarly varied.  You might
remember something similar being used on you at one time, but with
more random timing."
     She remembered very well being tied up in front of Richard's bed
that way.  "You sure are being helpful about all this," she said. 
"Why?"
     "I just think that you should have all the information that you
will need," he said.
     "Is that all?" she asked.
     "Well... I must admit that I'm looking forward to what you will
come up with next."
     Jennifer had to admit that it was hard to top the things that
Richard had done to her.  While she thought, she played with the
knobs to determine how they worked.
     As soon as she turned it on, she felt both a vibration and a
slow motion within the rubber chastity belt that he wore.  "Quite a
hard on, you have there," she said, feeling his penis under the
rubber covering and the built in vibrator.
     She played with the other two knobs, and found that she could
indeed vary the pulsing of the belt.  Jennifer turned it to about
five seconds on, then about thirty seconds off, and at about half of
its full vibrating power.  That ought to keep him nice and hard, she
thought.
     "Come on, you have to make me lunch," she said.

     Richard was obviously not very practiced in moving around in the
oufit.  The process of making grilled cheese sandwiches took almost a
half of an hour.
     Jennifer sat at the table and watched him work.  He moved very
awkwardly, wobbling in his heels, and had to bend over at the waist
in the stiff, tight corset in order to get his hands down to the
counter to work.  This exposed his bare buttocks to her, and brought
a smile to her face.
     When he was nearly done, she saw him move next to the counter
and push up against it with his crotch.  "None of that," she said,
with a playful warning.  "Or you'll have to be punished most
severely."  It must be driving him *nuts* if mister self-control
himself has to rub up against the counter, she thought.
     They ate together, with Richard sitting across from her.  She
watched him the whole while as they ate.  Richard tried to keep a
cool look across his face, but she could tell that it was very
difficult for him to keep it.  She saw that he was doing alot of
adjustments in his seat, especially when the vibrator was on.
     "I'll let you clean up," she said.  "Remember, if you cum, I'm
going to turn the vibrator down even lower," she said.
     Richard did not reply to that.  As she rose to leave, she
thought that she saw a hint of red come across his cheeks.
     Now he knows what I feel like! she thought to herself.
     He must like it, too, another part of her thought, but not be
able to admit it easily.  I think that Richard has to be talked into
it, she concluded.  It wasn't that hard to do, really.
     Filing that away, Jennifer headed for the basement, and soon
found herself in the room with his kinky costumes designed for women.
     "Let's see..." she said, looking at the drawer descriptions. 
She opened up a couple and rummaged through the contents.  "Wouldn't
it drive him nuts if I were tied  up too, somehow?" she mused aloud.
     "Bingo!" she said as she opened up a drawer.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 47

     She had to return to her room to unlock her shoes and tiptoe
back to the kitchen very uncomfortably.  Jennifer first took the
liberty of hiding the keys to Richard's outfit under the bed in her
room.  When she arrived, naked and with an armful of acessories,
Richard was just finishing washing the dishes.
     "What now?" Richard asked.  He could not easily turn to look at
her because of the posture collar.
     "Oh, I just found something to wear," she said, putting her
bundle on the table and sitting down in a chair.  "Would you like to
help me get into it?"
    Richard put down the last dish, then turned to look at her.  "You
want to wear that?!" he asked, surprised.
     "Is there something wrong with this?" she asked.
     "Somehow, this is not something I was expecting," he said.
     That brought a small thrill to her.  He hasn't thought of
*everything* yet, she thought.
     Richard slowly stepped over to her.  "Boots first," she said.
     The boots were thigh high, made of shiny black leather.  They
laced up the front, and extended all the way up to her crotch.  The
heels were easily as tall as the ones that Richard wore now.
     He had to concentrate intensely to kneel down in front of her. 
"Did you cum?" she asked as another vibration started in his belt.
     "Not... yet," Richard said with his teeth clenched.
     "Do you want to?" she asked.
     Richard did not say anything, but the look on his face told her
everything she needed to know.  Slowly, she slid her left leg into
the shiny black leather boot, then the right.
     The corset, collar, and manacles made it very tough for Richard
to work the lacings on the boot.  The first one took quite a long
time, while the second was quicker.  As he laced them tight, she felt
herself becoming very sexually aroused by the whole scene.
     When he was done, he was kneeling underneath her, looking up at
her spread legs.  "If you want to," she said, wriggling her hips
invitingly.  She brought one six and a half inch spiked heel up and
touched his face with it.  The leather had a distinct musky smell
that was growing as she heated the leather up.
     Richard required no more invitation.  He walked forward on his
knees, bringing his face up to her now wet pussy.  The chains kept
his rubber covered hands from resting on the floor, so instead he
gripped the front of the chair.
     "Oh, oh my!" she said.  Instead of starting slowly, as she was
accustomed to, he quickly thrust his tongue inside of her and brought
his skill into play.  Even with the posture collar in place, he was
still able to reach her most sensitive places.
     Judging by the number of times that Richard's belt vibrated, it
couldn't have been more than three minutes before Jennifer pushed his
head away from her.  "Oh, god Richard!" she said, panting.  For once,
she could use her full breathing capacity to do this.
     When she opened her eyes, she saw that Richard's hips were
jerking back and forth as the vibrations coursed through the belt. 
His eyes were closed, and he was moaning softly.  "Did I say that you
could cum?" she asked.
     Richard stopped jerking, and looked with his eyes, even while
the posture collar held his chin up.    He did not say anything to
her.  Jennifer reached over and turned one of the knobs on the
control box.  As she did so, she could see a last twitching of flesh
under the rubber chastity belt.  Now, his pulses were a little less
than three seconds long each.
     "Let's go to the living room," she said, "and carry my things,
if you would be so good?"
     Richard was slow getting to his feet.  It looked like he was
laboring for breath in his corset, and his cheeks were flushed.  He
gathered up the remaining items, and followed her to the living room.
     Jennifer directed him to help her get into the corset.  This was
also made of shiny black leather.  There were a dozen buckles in
front, in place of a busk.  The lacings to the corset were in back. 
As the corset was unbuckled and she slid into it, she felt that it
was extremely stiffly boned.
     Jennifer stood with her hands against a wall as Richard
tightened the back lacings of the corset.  This corset completely
encompassed both of her breasts, except for a two inch diameter hole
for each nipple.  As Richard drew the corset tighter and tighter, she
could feel her breasts becoming squeezed and the nipples started to
protrude through the holes.
     At the bottom of the corset, which ended at her hips, there were
two buckling leather straps build into it.  After Richard finally had
it tightened to his satisfaction, Jennifer put her hands down at her
hips.  "If you would?" she asked.
     Richard fastened both straps in place.  When he was done, her
hands were held firmly at her hips, unable to move from the corset.
     Jennifer sat down on the couch as Richard put the last item on
her.  This was a leg spreader, maybe four feet long.  Richard had to
kneel down again to put it on her.
     When he was done, she was seated on the couch, with her black
leather booted legs spread wide by the bar.  The bottom of the corset
and the top of the boots framed her dripping wet sex.  The black
leather corset sent the room light careening off of it, and her
nipples protruded through it like miniature volcanoes.  Jennfier
clenched her hands reflexively as they were bound to the bottom of
the corset.
     "You seem to like games," she said.  "Here are the rules, if you
want to play.  Every time you make me cum, I'll turn the vibrator up
for you," she said.  "I think you can get the box next to my hand. 
But every time you need to take a break, it gets turned down," she
said.  "We'll play until your batteries die.  I know that you won't
need to take a bathroom break in that, now, will you?"
     Richard looked at her for a long time.  Then, a smile came
across his face.  "You are a truly wicked woman!" he said. 
"Umbelievably so!  No wonder I love you so!"
     As soon as he had stopped talking, he was down on his knees, and
his lips were caressing her waiting, aching pussy.
     Again, within minutes, she was writhing in her seat.  The
spreader bar was below Richard's body, so she could only bring her
legs up so far.  "Please, stop!" she said as he brought her over the
edge.  She tried to squeeze her legs together, but the bar turned
that into a feeble effort.  "Please!"
     His tongue was relentless.  Instead of stopping as she climaxed,
he only paused for a moment before resuming his work.  Less than a
minute later, she was screaming again.
     A third one left Jennifer panting and sobbing on the couch. 
Richard finally relented and pulled away from her.
     "Is that sufficient?" he asked with a smile on his face.  A few
drips of her juices were running down a corner of his mouth.
     "Ah, yes," she said as he walked over to her in his heels and
waited for her to fumble with the controls.

     Richard must have access to very long lived batteries, Jennifer
concluded as she panted in her corset.
     Richard was now on top of her, sucking on her protruding
nipples.  He had just finished sending her to another panting orgasm,
and he was now up to about fifteen seconds on, thirty seconds off.
     "How... ohhhhh!" she babbled as his teeth ever so gently scraped
across the tip of her nipple.  He reached over with a rubber coated
hand and massaged her other one while his tongue and lips worked
their magic on the first.
     She knew that he had orgasmed at least twice more in the belt. 
That was nothing compared to the number that she had experienced.
     Richard moved up, and kissed her on the lips.  She tasted her
own salty, sticky juices on his lips.  A tiny, rational part of her
took control for a moment.  She twisted as best she could, and found
the power knob on the control box underneath Richards black rubber
skirt.  She turned it up to maximum.  As the belt was quiescent at
that moment, he did not appear to notice what she had done.
     Richard slid back down to the floor and resumed his relentless
assault upon her pleasure box.  Suddenly, she felt him nearly stop as
the vibrations of his belt took ahold.
     Richard managed to keep going, even while the bulge under his
chastity belt twitched.  Jennifer was grateful even for that partial
reprieve as he was distracted.
     He moaned even while his tongue was moving within her.  Once the
vibrations were passed, Richard's tongue regained its original
strenght.
     Doesnt't he ever get tired? she wondered while the world started
to swim around her.  Won't those batteries *ever* wear out?




HIRED HELP

Chapter 48

     Richard's batteried did indeed run out soon afterwards.
     After the last erg of energy died in Richard's belt, he finally
pulled away from her.  "It's out?" she said dreamily.
     "I'm afraid so," he replied.
     "Would you care to untie me?" she asked.
     "I don't know," he said.  "Perhaps I'll just leave you here
while I get out of this."
     "Good luck," she said, with a smile.  "If you can find your
keys."
     Richard returned her smile.  "Still devious.  I have to admire
that."  He looked down at himself, and saw the black rubber that
covered him.  "It has been a long time since I've worn this," he
said, "and the first time with a like minded partner.  I would like
to continue this a bit longer, if that's all right with you,"
     Jennifer looked up at him.  "If you want... but can we take a
break for a bit?" she asked.  "Why don't you untie my wrists and
legs... at least for a little while," she said with a wink.  "You'll
get to tie them back up, don't worry!"
     Richard knelt down and released her from the bar and freed her
wrists.  "That's better.  Now, why don't you be a good maid and find
another set of batteries for that box of yours?  I assume you have
more?"
     "Yes, I do," he said.  "You'll have to put them in."
     "I can wait," she said.  Richard slowly walked away in his six
plus inch heels.  He returned several minutes later, with an odd
looking square battery in his black rubber covered hand.
     "The entire bottom of the box is the battery," he said.  "You
have to pop it off and replace it with this."
     Jennifer knelt down and replaced it without too much trouble. 
"There you go," she said, playing with the knobs to obtain a five
second pulse with a minute between pulses.  "Now, why don't you fix
supper while I hunt down a few more ideas?"

     By the time supper was ready, Jennifer had finished her search
of the basement for interesting toys.  She put them in the living
room, then made her way to the kitchen to sit down for an early
supper.
     Richard was a fairly accomplished cook, and even with his
outrageous outfit on, he had managed to cook without apparently
spilling or breaking anything.  "That smells good," she said as she
crossed her leather booted legs.
     The vibrations continued every minute, but there was no
indication that Richard managed to climax with them.  Dinner was very
hurried, and quiet.  She could almost taste Richard's eagerness to
find out what she had planned.
     Jennifer simply watched as Richard cleaned up the kitchen.  When
he was finally done, she led him to the living room again.
     "I think these were designed for a woman, but they'll serve
nicely now," said Jennifer.  "Care to sit down for a moment?"
     Jennifer slid a pair of black rubber panties up past his high
heeled shoes.  When it was about at his knees, he stood up to let her
pull them the rest of the way in place.
     These panties had an eight inch dildo protruding from the front
of it.  Jennifer had to move the control box a bit to put it in
place.  Richard grinned when he saw them, and she smiled back.
     The next thing she brought out was a shiny black latex hood. 
There were eyeholes , and tiny noseholes, and a single small
breathing tube.  On the inside, there was a short dildo in place,
with a breathing hole through it.
     Richard did not object as she put it in place.  There was just
enough space between the posture collar and his head to get the latex
through and under it.  "I thougth that we'd try this without
talking," she said, bringing out a small ball gag for herself.  "Let
me change your adjustments a bit," she said, fiddling with the knobs
of the controller, "then, after I put this on, you can put the bar
back on and tie my wrists.  After that... no rules are needed, I
bet."
     Jennifer put the gag in her mouth and buckled it in place.  She
lowered herself to the carpeted livingroom floor and spread her legs
wide while lying down.
     Richard obligingly put the spreader bar back in place. 
Kneeling, he tied her wrists to the corset.
     Jennifer knew that she was wet yet again.  Richard climbed over
her, and slowly lowered his rubber phallus into her.
     As the vibrations in his belt kicked on, he started to thrust
inside of her.  As he finished his thrust, she felt a small throb
from the dildo that was inside of her.
     With a shock, she realized that the dildo itself was vibrating,
but only when he had it pushed fully inside of her.  No wonder he was
grinning! she thought.  He probably has some sort of pressure switch
in it!
     Richard's belt continued to vibrate, and he kept thrusting
inside of her, with the rubber skirt of his maid's outfit brushing
her with every stroke.  He brought her closer and closer to a
culmination, oh so close...
     The vibrations in his belt finally stopped.  She thought that
she had set it to about two minutes on, and ten off.  After Richard's
belt fell quiet, he leaned down on top of her.
     Jennifer's theory about a pressure switch turned out to be
correct.  As soon as he was fully inside of her, the vibrations from
the dildo continued without a pause.
     I've created a monster! she thought, looking up into Richard's
smiling eyes.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 49

     Jennifer woke up to the feeling of sunlight warming her body. 
She was lying on her side, and she could feel Richard's warm body at
her back.
     Last evening was something of a blur to her.  Did I pass out?
she wondered.  Jennifer snuggled up closer to him, and he put his arm
around her body.
     He felt naked against her.  I must have told him where the keys
were, she thought.
     As Jennifer stretched and scratched, she discovered that she was
not completely naked.  The shiny black leather boots with the six and
a half inch heels were still on her legs.  The corset, gag, and
legspreader were gone.
     All she could remember was her hot body squirming against
Richard's rubber encased form.  She thought she had passed out... but
then she remembered waking up, and Richard going to it immediately
afterwards.
     Jennifer stopped trying to think about it and just enjoyed being
next to Richard.  One of her eyes cracked open, and she saw a
familiar piece of jewelry on the nightstand.
     It was her engagement ring.  She had not been wearing it much,
as the ordeals that she went through for Richard could easily have
resulted in the ring becoming damaged.  Smiling, she reached out and
worked it onto her finger.  Tomorrow, there will be another ring, to
go with it, she thought.
     She was finally motivated to get up when her stomach started to
grumble.  Jennifer turned around to face Richard.  "Awake yet?" she
asked, then kissed him on the lips.
     A gentle smile came across his face.  "Not yet," he said.  His
eyes opened up.  "Now I am."
     Jennifer shook her head slightly.  "My stomach clock went off,"
she said.  "Want me to make it?"
     "If you would be so kind," he said.
     Jennifer kissed him again, then swung her legs around and off of
the bed.  The heels were taller than the six inch heels that she had
almost grown used to.  However, the boots seemed to reinforce her
feet more than a pair of shoes would.  By the time she was in the
kitchen, she felt that she had the hang of it.
     Richard was still dozing in bed when she returned.  "So," she
asked.  "Are you going to let me organize the fun sometimes?" she
asked.
     "I think so," he replied.  "When I first met you, I thought you
were such an innocent.  I'm glad that I was wrong."
     "I had a good teacher," she replied.
     Richard was slow to eat his food, and seemed to be moving
sluggishly.  "Are you allright?" she asked.
     "I... just didn't sleep too well last night," he said.  "I don't
think I dozed off until two in the morning."
     "When did you put me to bed?" she asked.  "I'm a little fuzzy on
that detail.
     "About eleven, I think," he said.  "You were so out of it, that
I had to go and find the keys myself."
     Jennifer looked up at the ceiling.  "Sorry.  How long did it
take?"
     "About a half of an hour," he said.  "I really had to take a
dump."
     "My apologies," she said again.
     "No.  I should have cleaned everything out first.  I'll remember
for next time."
     "So," she said, putting down her fork.  "what do you have
planned for today?"
     "Very little, actually," he said.  "Or a great deal, depending
on how you look at it.  There are going to be some workers coming in
to get the back yard ready for tomorrow, and there are numerous other
details to attend to," he said.  "We should both be at least somewhat
presentable."
     "What you call presentable is very different from what everyone
else calls presentable," she said with a grin.
     "Point taken."
     "So, what should I be presentable in?" she asked.  "And what is
going to be under it?"
     "Reading my mind, I see," he said.  "I think I have just the
thing in mind..."

     Jennifer looked at herself in the mirror.  "Right on the edge,
but where else would you be?" she asked.
     The thigh high boots of before were still a part of her outfit. 
A very tight leather pencil skirt started at her waist, and ended at
her knees.  The black leather corset that she wore under it was
visible above her tiny waist.  The corset ended below her breasts,
leaving a bit of her ribcage exposed.
     The coverage of her breasts was the minimum necessary to appear
in public.  Triangles of supple black leather no more than four
inches on a side covered her nipples.  At the corners of the
triangles, thin shiny metal chains emerged, forming what looked to be
a bikini top with shoulder straps.
     Her arms and shoulders were bare.  Richard had let her bathe and
do her hair before donning the outfit.  Her curly brown hair was now
pulled back by a large hair clip, and cascaded down her back in a way
that resembled a horse's mane.
     Richard was dressed in a dress shirt, slacks, and a tie.  "You
look splendid, darling," he said.
     "Thank you," she replied.
     The doorbell rang, and Richard went to answer it.  "Probably the
carpenters, or perhaps the florists" he said as he left the room.
     After he was gone, she heard the phone ringing.  That must be
Laura, she thought as she wriggled over to the phone in her tight
skirt and picked it up.
     "Hello?"
     "Jennifer?  Is that you?" came an all too familiar voice.
     "Mother?" she said.  Her hand started to tighten around the
phone.
     "What do you think you're doing, going out and getting married
without even talking to me about it!  I haven't even met this man! 
What's come over you, girl?"
     Jennifer tried to reply, but her mother continued on.  "You
haven't even talked to me for over a month!  I'm your MOTHER, for
god's sake!"
     "I can never forget that," Jennifer shot in, with an edge of
bitterness.
     "Your fiancee must be some real weirdo!" her mother continued. 
"Have you seen the dress he wants me to wear to the wedding?  How
could anyone go out in public like that?"
     "My fiancee is a wonderful man," she said.  Jennifer was
trembling, but her voice did not show it.  "His tastes may be a
little different... but your dress will actually be rather mild,
compared to what is required of the other guests," she said.  "That's
what Richard... that's what *we* have decided.  If you don't like it,
you don't have to show up."
     There was a silence from the other end of the line.  I don't
believe it!  I actually shut my mother up!
     Jennifer's victory was short lived.  "Of course I will show up,"
she said.  "Even with this atrocious dress.  I can make this
sacrafice for my daughter."  Jennifer almost choked on this.  Trying
to make me feel guilty?  Trying to sound like the martyr?
     "Is there anything else?" Jennifer asked, "or did you just call
to tell me that I'm making a terrible mistake and talk me out of
this?  Or would you prefer to just insult me and tell me what a
failure I am?"
     "It's your life," she said sweetly.  "No need to get angry with
me."
     No need to... Jennifer started to shake more violently.  There
are over twenty years of need to get angry with you.  If it's my
life, why have you kept messing with my life and Laura's?  Why don't
you just butt out and stay out?
     This was spoken only in her mind.  "I'll see you tomorrow,"
Jennifer said, and slammed the phone down before hearing the reply.
     Richard walked back into the room.  "What was that?" he asked.
     "That... was my mother."
     Richard ran over to her, and held her as the tears started to
roll out of her eyes.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 50

     Jennifer was back in the cave.
     Her guide was gone, and she was walking down a long tunnel. 
Close, she knew, so close...
     Suddenly, there was light all around.  "You're here," came a
female voice.
     A woman stepped forward, out of the light.  She was dressed in
rubber, as a properly corsetted and heeled french maid.
     "Do I know you?" Jennifer asked.
     "No," he said.  "But Richard does, and always will.  I'm his
mother."
     Jennifer thought furiously.  I had to defeat Susana on my way. 
How do I defeat her?
     "You cannot defeat me," she said.  "I am a part of his life so
deeply ingrained that there is nothing you can do to remove me."
     "I..." she paused to think.  "Why should I want to?" she said. 
"Because of you, that's the way he is.  Or, you're a large part of
it."
     The woman smiled at this.  "You may pass.  There are no others
that will stand in your way."
     The cave faded away.  Jennifer found herself in a spring meadow.
 Now, she found herself dressed in the outfit that Richard's mother
had been wearing.
     A short path led to a clearing.  There, a small wooden box was
on a treestump.  She took the key that she had won as a mermaid, and
put it into the box.
     The box opened up, and a dazzling array of light emerged from
it.  At first, she saw a huge diamond inside of it, then a ring.
     She reached inside of the box and took ahold of the ring.  It
slid easily onto the ring finger of her left hand.
     Jennifer flung the feather into the air.  The two birds were now
back, circling overhead.  One of them held huge clumps of billowy
clouds in its talons while the other swooped down upon her.
     Moments later, she was walking in the clouds, with the birds
swirling around her.  The sun was beginning to set, and the first of
th evening stars could be seen.  She was dressed in a gown of
voluminous white clouds, and she could see Richard walking towards
her, smiling, down a staircase that led from the sky.

     Saturday.
     Jennifer opened her eyes, and saw a beautiful blue sky outside
the window.  The window had been left open a crack, and the sweet
smell of spring flowers travelled to her nose.
     "Mmmmmm," she said, snuggling closer to Richard.
     She had spent the night in the boots and corset.  The wet spot
had been on Richard's side of the bed, which was why they were both
huddled together on her side.
     Richard nuzzled her neck, and kissed her ear.  "I am going to go
to take off soon," he said.
     "Why?" Jennifer said, alarmed.
     "It's bad luck to see the bride in her dress before the
wedding," he said.  "Vicki and Mary will be here soon to help you get
ready.  It's after nine now, and the wedding is scheduled to start at
four.  I have a feeling that you will be rushed for time as it is."
     Jennifer did not reply as Richard left the bed.  "You should
soak in the tub for awhile," he said.  "By the time that you're done,
they should be here."
     "I'll miss you," she said.
     "It's only going to be for a few hours!" he said.  "And after
we're back together, you'll be Misses Jennifer Hane.  That is, if you
want to change your name.  I guess we could have one of those awful
hyphenated monstrosities, if you want..."
     "No.  Misses Jennifer Hane sounds wonderful," she said.
     Jennifer swung out of bed and walked up to him in her high
heeled leather boots and corset.  "I love you," she said, then kissed
him.
     "I love you too," he replied.  Richard kissed her, then looked
at her leather clad body.  "Oh, do I love you!"
     He tore his eyes away and headed down the hallway.

     Jennifer walked out of the bathroom, wearing her pair of five
inch heeled slippers and one of Richard's bathrobes.  She heard
sounds of voices from the living room.
     "Who's there?" she askes as she walked towards the voices.
     "Just us," came Vicki's voice.  "Richard gave us a key."
     Jennifer saw Vicki and the dressmaker Mary sitting on a couch in
the living room.  There was a movable dress rack that had the various
parts of Jennifer's wedding dress hung up, obscured by protective
plastic bags.
     Vicki was wearing a black leather miniskirt, fishnet stockings,
six inch black heels, and a black leather halter top.  "This is not
my bridesmaid's outfit," she said as Jennifer examined her.  "I know.
 This look is rather plain."
     Mary and Jennifer smiled at this little joke.  Mary was wearing
a black vinyl bodysuit, with a cutout around her bellybutton.  She
sported slightly shorter heels than Vicki.
     "I think that we had better get started," she said.  "We don't
have a lot of time."

     Jennifer was sitting on a chair in the large main bathroom of
the house, still wearing the bathroom.  Behind her, Vicki was combing
her hair while Mary worked on her nails.
     "How many tangles do you have in this jungle back here?" Vicki
asked.
     "Too many," Jennifer replied.  "I... haven't had a chance to
attend to little things like that lately."
     "Been too busy?" Mary asked.
     "You could say that," she replied.
     "And these nails!" Mary exclaimed.  "They are really going to
need help!"
     "Do whatever you have to," she replied.
     Mary picked up Jennifer's hand and looked at it closely.  "Maybe
we should just cut them all off and wait a few months before trying
this again," she said.  "The wedding can wait, can't it?"
     "Mary!" exclaimed Jennifer.
     The dressmaker smiled, and started to pull out supplied from her
manicure kit.  "A bit of high tech first aid is called for,
especially for your wedding day," she said.  "You have to look your
best."
     She watched Mary work as she felt Vicki starting to pull and
braid her hair.  "We'll have to talk to the florist to finish your
hair," Vicki said.  "No veil for you, honey.  Just a boquet of
flowers woven into your hair."
     "No veil?" Jennifer said.  She did remember that she had never
tried one on during her fittings.
     "I think that Richard want's everyone to be able to see his
bride very clearly," said Mary.
     Jennifer smiled at this, relaxed, and let the two of them do
their work.

     Jennifer looked at herself in the mirror after they had finished
the next stage of their work.
     Mary had expertly glued extensions to her fingernails that were
done so well as to be undetectable.  They were now painted a vibrant,
passionate red and were almost dry.
     Her hair had been arranged into a french braid, with elaborate
crossings and re-crossings.  The florist was not yet there, so more
work needed to be done.
     Jennifer had never been terribly good with makeup, and was
watching with amazement as they worked on her face.  Her eyebrows
were plucked, penciled, and perfectly shaped.  A delicate blue
eyeliner had been used, and a similar color eyeshadow had been
lightly applied.  Her eyelashes were now long and luxurious, and just
a bit darker than before.
     The makeup hid the few tiny blemishes that existed on her face. 
Just a touch of red had been applied to her cheeks, giving her that
slightly flushed look.
     The lipstick was the same vibrant shade of red as her
fingernails, and applied perfectly.  Jennifer was almost afraid to
talk, afraid that she would smear it.
     The face that looked back at her from the mirror was truly
stunning.  In it's entirety, in even frightened her a bit.  I didn't
know that I could look like that.

     Jennifer braced herself against the wall as the two women pulled
her white satin corset tight.  "I knew that there was a reason that I
used the motors in the dressing room," said Mary.
     "That doesn't help us now," replied Vicki.
     Her two corset pullers were breathing heavily.  Jennifer's face
was in the airstream of a fan, and she tried to stay relaxed as the
corset grew tighter and tighter around her.
     The corsetting ordeal took almost a half of an hour.  After
that, the other parts were swifter.
     Jennifer was expecting the hobble slip to be next.  But,
instead, Vicki pulled out a white leather chastity belt with two
built in phalluses.  "That wasn't in the fitting sessions," she said.
     "No.  This is a surprise from Richard," she said, applying lube.
 "I dare not say anything more about it, except that he was sure that
it would fit."
     There was no lock on the belt, but considering what she would be
wearing over it, 
it hardly mattered.  She was about to put it in herself, but Vicki
stopped her.  "Can't risk the nails," she said.
     Jennifer tried to stay still as Vicki worked the butt plug and
dildo up inside of her.  Jennifer was half expecting the plugs to
vibrate as soon as the buckle was closed, like Laura's would do.  She
was surprised when they stayed quiet.
     "I bet that will make the walk down the aisle *really*
interesting," said Mary.
     The shoes were next.  These were the same seven inch white heels
that she had worn in the fitting room.  They had buckling straps that
made them impossible to kick off.  "It's a bear to walk in these,"
she said, "even with the practice I've had."
     "Belive me, we both know," said Mary.
     Next, Vicki helped her into the white satin hobble skirt that
served as her slip.  "Most brides have to concentrate to walk down
the aisle slowly," commented Vicki.  "I don't think that will be a
problem for you."
     "Doesn't look that way, does it," she said.
     The crinoline underskirts were next.  Instead of slipping them
on over her head, as before, they helped her to slide them up over
her hips.  "Don't want to mess up the hair or makeup," Mary said.
     There were six of them, and they fastened to the bottom edge of
the corset.  She was now surrounded by stiff, fluffy petticoats for
at least six feet in each direction.
     There was the sound of a doorbell ringing.  "That must be the
florist," said Mary.
     "What time is it, anyway?" asked Vicki.
     Mary did not reply immediately.  When she returned, she had
several boxes containing flowers.  "It's almost three," she said. 
"First guests will be here in a half of an hour.  Vicki, you'd better
get ready yourself.  I think I can finish Jennifer up on my own.
     Vicki looked at Jennifer.  "You look fabulous!" she exclaimed. 
"But I have to get myself ready.  Oh," she said, in the doorway,
"Just a bit of trivia I managed to pick up.  Chastity belts with toys
are mandatory for all the female guests, with the exception of your
mother," she said.  "I don't know what makes *her* so special!"
     "Join the club," Jennifer replied with a hint of bitterness.
     "But Richard has a sense of balance, this time.  All the men
will *also* be wearing belts.  Theirs will all have plugs and tight
sheaths for their precious little penises."
     "You've got one *kinky* man there," said Mary.
     "Don't I know it," she said as Mary pushed through Jennifer's
petticoats and helped her to get into her dress.

      Mary rolled out a mirror to let her see the full effect.  "What
do you think?" she asked.
     Her hair had been french braided and pulled back to her head,
held there by a diamond studded hairclip.  Mary had carefully teased
out a few hairs, to form a delicate halo of gold around her head.
     White flowers were woven into her hair, forming their own halo. 
The sweet smell tickled her nose, and she almost sneezed once.
     Miraculously, her makeup had survived to this point, and Mary
had to apply only one minor touch-up.
     The dress itself was a wonder of shiny satin.  It covered her
neck tightly, and had very full puffed shoulders.  The sleeves were
long, and ended with delicate white lacing surrounding each wrist.
     The ladylike neckline was completely at odds with the
heart-shaped cutout in the satin.  The bottom tip extended deep down
between her breasts, and it was large enough to almost expose her
nipples to the world.  This opening was covered by the thinnest of
fimly white veil-like materials, and in Jennifer's mind, it might as
well not be there.
     The outline of the heart cutout was decorated with a dizzying
array of beadwork.  This abruptly ended and the waist of the dress
was detailed only by a barely visible network of pale blue stitching.
     After the tiny waist was reached, the dress flared out in a
spectacular display of white.  Beadwork, embroidery, and lace were
sparsely but very effectively used in gentle curves to actually
accentuate the huge size of the dress.
     In front, the dress ended with a lace edge just an inch above
the floor, even in her seven inch heels.  Behind her, there was a
train that extended a good thirty feet behind her.  Three large bows
of white satin had been worked into the fabric behind her, one just
behind her derrier, and two more further down on the back of the
dress.  "This definitely has Princess Di beat," she declared.
     "I think our first guests are here," said Mary.




HIRED HELP

 Chapter 51

     "Oh my god, Jennifer!  You look fabulous!"
     She saw her sister Laura walk into the room, taking small steps
in her blue vinyl hobble dress.  She had a matching heart-shaped
cutout in her dress, covered with thin blue fabric, and her figure
was definitely accentuated by a corset.  She seemed to be walking
confidently in her matching blue heels.
     Laura walked up to the edge of Jennifer's skirt.  She heard a
faint buzzing noise, then saw a look of intense concentration come
across Laura's face.
     "Belt is in, I see," she said.
     Laura nodded.  "I practiced," she said.
     Jennifer rememberd that the belt used two C batteries that
lasted an hour or two.  "How many batteries did you go through?" she
asked.
     "A dozen or so, I think," Laura replied.
     Jennifer smiled and giggled a bit.  "Hey!  I had to make sure I
had enough practice," Laura declared.
     "You won't hear me objecting any," she said.  "Vicki told me
that belts like that are mandatory for all the female guests, except
mother," she said.
     "Is mother here yet?" Laura asked suddenly.
     "If she is, I haven't seen her yet," replied Jennifer.
     Laura shook her head and took a shallow breath.  "Does that mean
that you..."
     Jennifer nodded.  "I've got one too.  And the guys have
something like it in too."
     Laura rolled her eyes.  "Sometimes, I just don't believe I'm
doing this," she said.
     Jennifer heard more shoes on the floor.  "I'm ready," said
Vicki.
     Vicki's outfit was very similar to Jennifer's, but was made out
of tight blue rubber.  "Oohhh," she said suddenly, leaning against a
wall, with the faintest of buzzing sounds being audible.  There was
an intense look of concentration, and a waggling of the hips.  "Maybe
I'm not ready."
     "Should have practiced more," Laura said sagely.
     "That's easy for you to say," Vicki shot back.  "I doubh that
you have a husband that would take the belt off you at the slightest
hint of sexual excitement, and insist upon doing it himself!"
     "Ah, no.  I don't have one of those," Laura said quietly.
     Vicki's buzzing stopped, only to be replaced by a buzzing from
Laura.  She hardly flinched at all, only stood still for a few
seconds with the slightest of pelvic twitching visible, then the
buzzing stopped.
     There was again the clicking of heels upon the floor.  The four
women looked up, and saw a woman dressed up as a french maid
approaching.
     "Becky!" exclaimed Vicki.  "You're finally here!"
     The woman was dressed in a very tight black rubber french maid's
ouftit.  She had matching black heels, and fishnet stockings
underneath.  This outfit had only short sleeves, and extended down
far enough to expose most of the top halves of her breasts.  The
waist was very narrow and rigid, indicative of a corset underneath. 
As she walked towards them, they heard a distinctive vibrating noise,
but this time from the newcomer.
     Becky too had to stop to deal with the interruption.  However,
she did not seem to have Vicki's trouble with it.  "You were able to
practice when doing your chores," Vicki said.
     "It certainly spiced things up," she replied.  "Although Arnold
was a bit frustrated by it at times."
     There was the sound of music from outside.  "All of the rest of
the guests are here, loitering about in the back yard," said Becky. 
"Let's get this on the road!"

     Jennifer maneuvered through the house slowly, taking baby steps
in the hobble slip and ultra-high heels.  Her belt had not buzzed
once.  Is it defective or something? she wondered.
     She was left their to wait as Vicki walked out the doors and was
met by her husband, Henry.  He was wearing a black rubber tuxedo, and
seemed to be walking a bit awkwardly.
     Jennifer could not see any of the guests.  However, she could
see what the carpenters had done.  They had constructed a solid
wooden path from the double back doors, all the way out through the
yard.  Evidently, Richard had remembered that it would be impossible
to walk in these heels on a dirt surface.
     The music continued, and she watched Vicki and her husband
slowly walk down the path.  "Here's your boquet," said Mary.
     "When are you going?" Jennifer asked.
     "I'm just coordinating," she said.  "Laura, you're next."
     Laura took dainty steps forward in her blue vinyl hobble dress. 
She had to stop suddenly as the vibrations started within her again. 
"I almost hate to do that, sometimes," she said.
     The man who met her at the door was Collin.  He was wearing a
black and white tuxedo made of shiny vinyl.  He was also walking a
bit awkwardly.
     Collin offered his arm to Laura, and she took it.  The two of
them walked through the doors, and down the aisle.
     "Almost," said Mary.  "It's almost time.  Richard will be
waiting for you at the altar.
     Jennifer nodded, and walked forward, taking one tiny step at a
time.  She looked back, and saw that Becky was carefully arranging
her dress behind her.  "I'm here to carry the train," she said.
     There was a sudden change in the music, and it grew louder. 
"That's four you," Mary said.
     Jennifer slowly started to work her way forward, carrying her
boquet in both hands.  The hobble slip that she wore slowed her down
to less than a crawl.  She found herself amazed that she could
balance at all in the hobble slip and heels, especially with all of
the bulky dress that she carried.
     Jennifer had to turn a corner in the path.  Then, she had a
clear view of the wedding proceedings.  There was a raised platform
at the end of the path, and she recognized Arnold, dressed very
convincingly as a french maid, standing there, with book in hand.
     Richard was there, at the end of the path, dressed in an
apparently normal tuxedo.  Her sister Laura and Vicki stood on one
side, while Collin and Henry stood on the other.
     Off of the path, sitting down, she recognized the other guests. 
Adam was there with the fiancee that she had never met.  John was
there with his wife, who Jennifer also had never met.  The two men
were dressed in leather tuxedoes, while their signifigant others wore
very tight leather hobble dresses.
     Ben was there, as well.  There were three women seated near him.
 Two of them, wearing very tight silver vinyl hobble dresses, must
have been his two live-in girlfriends.  And seated next to him...
     Her mother sat next to Ben.  She was wearing a red rubber hobble
dress that stopped at the knees, instead of extending to the floor. 
Her heels were shorter than the rest of the women there, but still at
least five inches tall.
     Jennifer stared at her, and almost lost her balance.  The look
on her mother's face...  could almost be classified as *envious*.
     This brought a smile to her face like nothing else could.  She
gave the attendees her best smile, then took a moment to look behind
her.  There, Becky was holding the end of her bridal train up with
both hands, holding it at the level of her corsetted waist.
     At that moment, the two phalluses within her started to vibrate
gently.

     The startlement almost made her fall.  Jennifer managed to
recover, and slowly work her way down the aisle.
     Kegel exercises, she reminded herself.  Between steps, she tried
her best to clench her muscles around the vibrating phallus in her
crotch while staring straight foward.
     Five times.  Nothing
     Ten times.  Nothing.
     Fifteen times.  Nothing.
     Twenty times.  It started to buzz slightly faster now.
     Something must be wrong with this, she thought as she grew
nearer to the assembled guests.
     Maybe it's not *designed* to turn off that way, a subversive
corner of her mind put in.
     Her breathing grew more rapid against the tight corset.  She
clenched the boquet in her hands with a death grip, as he
concentrated with every step that she took.
     Richard! she wanted to say.  You are a *sick* man!
     Jennifer was more than halfway down the aisle.  It was getting
harder and harder to concentrate upon the task at hand.  Oh god!  How
the heck am I going to make it?
     She had to concentrate like she never had before.  She noticed
nothing else, not the music, not the guests, not Richard, not even
her mother's staring at her.
     One step at a time...
     She was now only six feet away from her spot.  This translated
to a couple dozen steps for her in her hobble slip while trying to
balance in seven inch heels.  She could hear the rustle of her dress
as she slowly inched forward.
     Finally!  She was there!  As a reward for her achievement, the
vibrators within her sped up incrementally.
     Jennifer sighed in relief anyway.  At least I don't have to try
to walk anymore this way!
     "Dearly beloved," came the very masculine voice of Arnold from
the french maid.  "It may be truly frightening to behold, but I am
indeed certified to conduct legal weddings within the state."
     There was a chuckle from the crowd, and at least one gasp, as
the buzzing continued within her.  She saw out of the corner of her
eye that her sister was intently concentrating herself.  Vicki seemed
to be struggling for air against her corset, and was fidgeting madly,
especially with hip wriggles.  Jennifer had to guess that she wasn't
keeping up well with the demands of the vibrators within her.
     "Weddings are solemn occasions, and deserve the proper respect. 
But they are also times of great joy, and great pleasure," said
Arnold as the vibrators within her sped up yet again.
     "I know that you are all eagerly waiting to enjoy this blessed
event, and to celebrate their happiness with them.  Therefore, I will
keep this brief."
     "Richard, do you take this woman Jennifer, and I do mean take,
to be your lawfully wedded wife, to have and to hold, in sickness and
in health, for better or for worse, 'till death do you part?"
     "I do," he said, reaching out with an arm to take ahold of her
hand.
     Jennifer had to consciouly release her death grip on the boquet
to take his hand.  The buzzing inside of her reached the highest
intensity that she had ever remembered experiencing.  Oh, god!
     Her willpower was failing, and she was starting to wriggle
inside of her dress.  "And you, Jennifer, do you take Richard to be
your lawfully wedded husband, to have and to hold, in sickness and in
health, for better or for worse, 'till death do you part?"
     "I... do," she said, in a voice not much above a whisper.  She
did not trust her voice any more than that because she feared that
she might start to moan.
     Collin stepped forward and brought forth a ring.  "Repeat after
me, Richard.  With this ring, I thee wed."
     "With this ring, I thee wed," Richard said, slipping the ring on
her finger.
     Jennifer barely noticed it as her breath came in short, ragged
bursts.  Oh my god.  Right in front of everyone...
     "You may now kiss the bride," said the reverend Arnold.
     Richard stepped towards her, pushing the voluminous dress back
as he did so.  Jennifer turned, fell forward, grabbed ahold of him. 
She kissed him suddenly and deeply and held on for dear life as a
massive orgasm swept through her body.




HIRED HELP

Chapter 52

     The recessional was a blur for her.  Even as the vibrations
stopped within her, she somehow did not feel in touch with reality.
     The walk out was just as slow as her trek down the aisle. 
However, it was much easier with Richard to lean on.
     "How... why...?" she asked him as she stumbled slightly.
     "Would you expect any less from me?" he said with a smile.
     Richard had arranged for a reception of sorts in the house. 
There was a buffet table set up, and music was playing in the
background.
     She felt something happening behind her.  Becky, the rubber
french maid, was industriously folding up her train and bustling it
for her.
     All of the guests were about.  She saw her mother flirting
shamelessly with Ben, who egged her on.  "These are my nieces," he
said, to indroduce his two live-in lovers.
     Jennifer smiled at this.  Be careful what you ask for, mother,
she thought.  You might just get it.
     Richard was flitting about, making small talk with the guests. 
Jennifer, in her very restrictive and cumbersome dress, was not about
to try that.  Instead, she walked very slowly and let the guests come
to her.
     Laura walked over to her.  "That was a hell of a kiss you gave
him," she said.  "I don't think I've *ever* seen a kiss that intense
before."
     "I doubt you ever will again," Jennifer replied.
     There was again a buzzing sound from Laura.  A few seconds
later, it disappeared.  "Vicki is really having a rough time of it,"
she said, gesturing.
     Jennifer turned her head to look.  Vicki had taken a seat in the
corner of the room.  She was writhing and twisting in the dress. 
Finally, she stopped writhing and let out a tiny sigh in her corset.
     "It's on more than it's off with her," Laura said.
     "What about the others?" Jennifer asked.
     "Ben's two nieces are doing all right," she said.  Oh, she
doesn't know, thought Jennifer.  "The other two women are not doing
so well, either.  I don't know who they are with, or what their names
are."
     She spotted Mary as she walked into the room.  She headed
straight for Richard.  They exchanged brief words, then she saw Mary
hand Richard a small box with a short antenna on it.
     He touched a button briefly, and her vibrators momentarily came
to life.  "Richard, you sly devil you!" she said.
     "What?" replied Laura.
     "Nothing," said Jennifer.  "Nothing at all."
     There was no dancing scheduled for the event.  It was not like
Jennifer or any of the female guests could have danced anyway.  She
noticed that all of the male guests, Richard included, were walking a
bit more cautiously and awkwardly than ususal, and sat down very
gingerly in the chairs.
     More people showed up as the afternoon turned into evening. 
Most were people associated with Fantasy Supreme, and came garbed in
kinky and bondage attire.
     There was a sudden quieting of the general din as a leather
garbed woman made her entrance.  She wore a tight leather corset over
a black leather body suit and heels.  In each hand, she held a leash.
 After she walked inside, she saw that he leashes were connected to
the collars of two men that wore little except thin leather harnesses
and minimal leather shorts.
     "Susana," Jennifer said, under her breath, as she recognized the
woman.
     Richard immediately walked over to Jennifer and took her arm. 
"That's my ex-wife," he said.  "I didn't know that she would be here.
 I did not invite her."
     "It'll be all right," said Jennifer.
     Susana made directly for Richard.  "So!  It's been a long time!"
she said.
     "It has," replied Richard.  "Please meet my wife Jennifer. 
Jennifer, this is my ex-wife Susana."
     The woman nodded to her.  "Found your soul-mate at last?" she
asked.
     "I could ask for no more," replied Richard.  "And yourself?"
     "I don't think I could ever settle on just one," she said. 
"Here are my two favorites, Edward and Gerard."
     "You don't look happy to see me," Susana said after a pause.
     "I... was not expecting you," replied Richard.
     "I still have contacts at FS, you know.  It's not hard to find
out about such things, really."
     "I see.  Why did you show up, then?" he asked cautionsly.
     Susana smiled at him.  "I don't have any ill will towards you
any more, dear Richard.  You have a very lovely wife, and I wish the
best for both of you."
     "I just showed up to say that it's truly over between us.  You
can get on with your life with you new wife and not concern yourself
with me.  I live a life that I love, and I am surrounded by people
that adore me.
     "Be happy, for a change, Richard.  I heard how you moped around
after I was gone.  Just be happy."
     Susana turned to Jennifer.  "You are beautiful in that dress,
Jennifer.  You've caught a wonderful man.  It just wasn't meant for
me."
     With that, she turned and looked around the crowd.  "Henry!" she
said, and with her two men in tow, she headed away from them.
     Jennifer leaned over to Richard.  "So... you have the remote
control now?" she asked.
     "How did you know about that?" he asked.
     "I saw Mary giving it to you," she said.
     Richard reached into the pocked of his jacket.  A moment later,
the vibrators within her came to life.  "You twisted man!" she said,
holding on to him and twisting.
     "That's for later," he said as the vibrations ceased.

     Her mother stopped by to talk to her on the way out the door. 
"I'm so happy for you," she said.  "But I have to go now,"
     "I'm sure I'll see you later," said Ben, giving her a leer. 
"I'll stop by just to get a look at you."
     Her mother and Ben walked out together, followed by the two
younger women.  There was a brief moment of buzzing from the two
women, but within seconds, the buzzing had stopped and they were
continuing after the couple as fast as they could go in their heels
and silver vinyl hobble dresses.
     The other guests parted soon afterwards.  Vicki and her husband
Henry had been the first to leave, and Jennifer had heard a loud moan
just moments after she had disappeared out the door.
     Richard and Jennifer were left alone, with the mess all around
them.  "Well, I'm pooped," said Jennifer.  "I'm ready for bed.  Are
you?" she said with a wink.
     "Not quite," said Richard, as he pulled out the remote control. 
"We have some batteries to run out, first.  Then we can retire to the
bedroom.  The evening is still young."
     "Run... out?"  she said, with eyes wide.
     "You might want to sit down for this," he said with a broad
smile.
     Jennifer was in the middle of the room, with all of the chairs
and couches at the periphery.  She tried to hurry as best she could
towards a couch, but all that her extra efforts seemed to accomplish
was to move the vibrators around within her even more.
     Gasping for air against her corset, she was seized by a wave of
pleasure just feet away from the couch.  She fell forward, onto the
couch, as the vibrations continued relentlessly.




HIRED HELP

Epoligue

     "I won't be long on the phone," Jennifer said as she dialed.
     It took several rings before the phone was picked up.  "Hello?"
     "Mother!  How good to talk with you!" she said, enthusiastically
with an evil grin on her face.
     "Jennifer... I don't know if I really want to talk right now,"
she said.
     "Oh, but I'm being a good daughter.  I have to call my beloved
mother to tell her how much I love her!"
     "I... had a rough night," she said.
     "I heard that you went home with Ben after the reception.  Is
that true?"
     "Well... he invited me over for a drink afterwards," she said.
     Turn down a drink? Never! thought Jennifer.
     "You know, Richard just talked to Ben.  Ben really wants to have
you over again," 
she said.  "Now, be honest with me, is Ben going to be my stepdaddy?"
     "I don't think so," replied her mother curtly.
     "Did you at least have a good time?" Jennifer asked.
     There was dead silence from the other end of the line.  "Ben
sure seemed to think that you did.  Is that the first time you did it
with a woman?"
     There was another long pause, and the sound of ragged breathing.
 "All he did was watch!" she exclaimed.  "That's all he did!"
     "So, maybe I should buy you another dildo for your birthday,"
she said.  "You seemed to really enjoy it."
     "Shut up!" her mother exclaimed.  "I don't want to talk about
it!"
     "Did you really offer to suck his cock?" she asked.
     "Jennifer!  You horrible daughter!"
     "I really don't have to ask you," she said.  "Ben taped the
whole thing.  We're going to go over there and watch it next week..."
     Her mother's voice was replaced by a dial tone.  "Hmmm... I
guess she doesn't want to talk to me anymore."
     Jennifer stood up and smoothed out her dress.  It was made of
black vinyl, and covered her from neck to the floor.  It was a very
tight sheath dress, with no slit, and her steps were restricted to
less than a foot.  Six inch black heels were locked onto her feet.
     Jennifer was becoming used to maneuvering around in dresses like
this.  Underneath it, there was a corset, and the chastity belt that
she had worn under her wedding dress.
     There was a buzzing from the belt.  "Hey, just watch it!" she
said, picking up her own remote control.
     Richard was wearing a pair of tight black leather pants, with a
white silk shirt.  Underneath, he wore a butt plug and penis sheath,
with vibrators attached to each.  As Jennifer pushed the button on
her remote control, she heard his vibrators come to life.
     "En guard, Jennifer!" he said, holding his remote control with
antenna like a rapier.
     "I'm ready... I think," came Laura's voice.
     Laura walked in, balancing in black six inch heels.  She was
wearing the rubber maid's outfit that Jennifer had worn so many
times.  Long sleeves, high neck, very flared skirt.  Her figure was
accented by the tight corset she wore underneath.  Laura turned
around, and as her skirt rose up, Jennifer saw the chastity belt that
she had worn to the wedding.
     Jennifer knew that Richard had tinkered with the settings.  Now,
it only waited half as long before resuming its vibrations.  Laura
had to work twice as hard to keep it from distracting her endlessly. 
From the flush on her face, Jennifer guessed that she might not be
able to make it the whole night.
     There was the sound of the doorbell.  "That must be Collin!"
Jennifer said, walking over to her sister and fussing with her hair. 
"Now, you have to look your best for this job," she said.
     "And answering the door is a part of your duties," said Richard.
     "Looking like this?" she said.
     "I've done it," said Jennifer.
     As Laura walked out of the room, Jennifer spoke up.  "Do you
think that Collin will like her?" she asked.
     "He'll positively drool over her," Richard replied.  "*I'd*
drool over her, if I wasn't married to you," he said.  "It must run
in your family.  I just wonder how much longer we'll have a maid
after Collin sees her."
     "I'd have to say three weeks, at the most," replied Jennifer. 
"But... there *are* advantages to privacy," said Jennifer, as she
pushed the button on her remote control.


The END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dark One


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





