BDSM Library - The Torture of Princess Emily




The Torture of Princess Emily
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young princess is captured by an invading enemy and brought to the depths of their dungeons.
The Torture of Princess Emily
by Baer-chen





The Torture of Princess Emily Part 1

The Path to Darkness

The series of heavy oak doors that led to the dank underground holding cells,
closed with a sense of finality that made the poor young blonde shudder.  The
girl, Princess Emily of Estarian, was the eldest daughter of King Carmen, ruler
of the Kingdom of Estarian, a peaceful, radiant place that had just fallen to
the hellish Warlords of Oben.  Emily, 18 years of age, was gorgeous, but shy for
her age, men scared and intimidated her.   She could not find what her older
sister Tara found in the suitors that frequented the castle.   Her blonde mane
followed down to the chains that bound her hands behind her back.  In her light
blue eyes were tears that mirrored the deep-seated fear that was beginning to
over take her senses.  These men were disgusting.  Unlike the suitors that
competed for her attention, these men could care less about their appearances
and smelled as if they bathed in sewage.  Passing through a mid sized chamber
Emily looked to her right to a young girl that was chained on a table.  Two
chains that seemed to be suspended from the ceiling spread her legs impossibly
wide.  Positioned between her legs was a man holding what looked to be a long
metal rod.  But this was no ordinary rod; the rod was serrated and pointed at
the end which was glowing red-hot.  The guards paused to let Emily stare at the
site before her.  As if on cue the man carefully and very slowly inserted the
tip of the hellish device into the lips of the young brunette's shaved vagina. 
A shrill scream escaped from the poor girls lips as her hips buckled from the
red-hot intrusion into the soft moist inner skin of her slit.  The man angrily
removed the rod and proceeded to drop it in a nearby bed of red-hot coals.  From
the smaller table next to the table that held the girl, he quickly picked of a
cat-of-nine-tails and began to whip the girl ferociously about her breasts and
inner thighs.  At the top of his lungs he screamed, "YOU FUCKING SLUT, YOU
FUCKING WHORE! I TOLD YOU WHAT WOULD HAPPEN IF YOU OPENED THAT FUCKING MOUTH OF
YOURS!!  I TOLD YOU NOT TO SCREAM NO MATTER HOW MUCH IT HURT, NOW YOU WILL PAY
FOR YOUR DISOBEDIENCE!!"  At that the man began to whip the girl harder and
harder.  The pitiful screams filled young Emily's ears as she watched in horror. 
The young girl was now covered in her own blood as she begged for mercy,
"Ple-Pl-Pleaaaase! Stop...Please Sir...Oh...OH! Please... Aieeeeee!!!"   A short
stream of piss shot from the girl and soaked the man's left leg.  The man
stopped, a small smile spread across his face as he turned back toward the table
of torture instruments again. He picked up a long, extremely thin, skewer and
placed it in the red-hot coals.  Turning back to the young girl he softly said,
"You WILL pay for that sweetheart."  The girl began to sob as the man placed his
fingers into her young vagina and began to search for the urethra that would
soon cause his young victim to go insane with agony.   At this the guards led
Emily toward the door that exited the room.  After passing through the heavy oak
door was shut and latched.   The bigger of the guards looked to the now panicked
princess and said, "Just a little taste of what is to come child."  At that
moment a scream tore through the air unlike anything that the young princess had
ever heard.   It was inhuman, primitive and utterly agonizing.  The princess was
now terrified in a way that only a few human beings had ever experienced.  Emily
looked to the smaller of the guards who began rubbing a considerable bulge in
his pants and began to vomit.

  Engulfed in Darkness

She must have passed out, but where was she?  She could see nothing, but slowly
became aware of the fact that she was in a cold damp room with floors of slimy
stone.   Nothing covered her large developed breasts that had always caused men
to rudely stare, even though she was royalty.  She hated her breasts; though
perfect in shape, they were too large for the frame that supported her young
body.  Her large nipples were now erect from the chill that surrounded her. 
Shivering she clutched her now un-chained hands to her body and rocked back and
forth, on the floor softly crying.  What had happened?  The bastards had stormed
the secret passage way that her Father, Sister and Mother were being attempting
to use to flee the castle.  She watched as, one by one, the Royal Guards were
slain by the opposing soldiers as if they were young boys standing up to a pack
of demons.  The family was dragged back to the Throne Room where the men
proceeded to drag her Father away.  She watched in terror as he struggled
against the beating that 4 men gave him.  This was to be the last the time that
she ever saw her beloved Father, his face was clenched in agony as they
repeatedly kicked him in the face and crotch to usher him out the door and down
the hallway.  As the door shut she heard him scream, "Please let my girls go!
Ughhh!! Please let them be..." The girls were then left alone to the mercy of
the remaining, 8 men.  "Please," her Mother begged, "Take me, but let my
daughters go!"  A tall dark soldier stepped forwarded and began to laugh,
"HAHAHA! How clichï¿½ your Majesty! I knew you'd spew some stupidity like that! I
mean not to let your precious girls go free! I mean to fuck them, and then allow
my men to fuck them!  Then I will fuck you! HAHAHA!"  The man smiled and then
said, "After we're done fucking you three we will begin hurting!  After that we
will fuck the three of you again and hurt you and fuck you and hurt you until we
decide to bring you to the dungeons of Oben Castle where the Dungeon Keepers
will torture you and fuck you for the rest of your lives!!!" He took a step
closer and added, "and believe me your Majesty...you will live for a long
time...10 years from now when you have been introduced to the all the ways that
a man can torture thee, you will remember the pain you are about to receive and
think of it as child's play."  Emily remembered the pain that she endured as if
it was a dream.  The nightmare continued for hours and hours.  They fucked her
in her ass and mouth, but her virgin cunt was sparred.  The screams of her
sister and mother surrounded her the whole time.  As time passed, she realized
that she could no longer hear her own screams, but she knew she was screaming! 
Her mind raced as dick after dick was shoved into her small asshole and
mouth...this isn't happening she tried to tell herself time and time again, but
every time her mind attempted to drift from the horror that surrounded her, a
new dick was shoved, placed, or wedged into her ass.  "Let me die!" her mind
screamed as the dark man whipped her breasts.  "Let this end!" she prayed, but
all that came from her mouth were scream after scream.  Begging was no longer an
option the more she, her mother or sister begged the hornier and more barbaric
the men became!  The rapes and beatings went on well into the night.  Unknown to
them, the kingdom had been taken andmost of the men butchered.  Now anyone with
a pussy and tits had become a mere toy.  There was no escape nor was there
mercy.  A chorus of screams rang from all ends of the once great kingdom...but
that was but 3 days ago.  Emily snapped out of her delirium of nightmares and
realized that foots steps were approaching.  She still could not see.  It was
still black in the tomb that surrounded her.  Shaking with fear she tried to
cower to the back of the cell.  Tear welling in her eyes she whispered, "Please
go away...please leave me alone."

To Only be Back in the Darkness Again

The door creaked open and shed light on poor Emily for the first time in 2 days. 
Her eyes burned as she attempted to shield them from the light.  Two guards and
a very good-looking, well-dressed man entered the room and extended his hand to
her.  Squinting into the light she was confused..."Am I saved? Is it over? Ohhh
please let it be over..." she prayed.  The young man gently lead Emily out of
the cell and said, "My name is Quinn, I have come to aid you in your stay here
at the Dungeons of Ober."  "Ohhh thank you!" Emily cried, Thank you kind Lord!"
she said as she burst into tears.  It was over she thought it was really over! 
Quinn grasped her hand and lead her down a corridor.  As they passed doors and
cells Emily could hear the screams and cries of countless men and women.  The
fear began to creep back into her soul, but staying close to Quinn made her feel
a little bit safer a little more secure.  The two large, burly guards that
unlocked and opened each door they passed through accompanied Emily and Quinn
deeper and deeper into the dungeon.   Every door had two guards posted on either
side making escape from the hell next to impossible.  "W-where are we going?"
Emily whispered in a small voice to Quinn.  Smiling the kind looking man
replied, "You must eat child, you must be starving."  Again hope sprung into
Emily's heart.  She wanted to hug him, kiss him, do anything to make him stay
close to her, to protect her to guide her.  But to guide her where?  The group
stopped before a door which was much larger than the rest.  The two guards
opened the door and smiled pleasantly at the half naked Princess.  They entered
the room.

Before them was a large table with two chairs.  On the table were settings for
two.   Quinn lead Emily to her seat and motioned to the guards.  Emily sat down
and both guards positioned themselves behind the sitting princess.  Emily turned
her head to one guard and then the other with fear in her eyes. Quinn approached
her saying, "Don't be afraid child, they are also here to assist you, and they
mean you no harm unless..." It was the way he said, "Unless," that sent the
chill down her spine.  What was happening?  Quinn was treating her kindly, but
he still had not offered his intentions or clothes to cover her naked chest.  
She had all but forgotten her nakedness...until just then; looking to Quinn she
caught him starring at her chest.  In the past when men had stared and she had
caught them, they quickly looked away.  Quinn did not.  He just continued to
stare as another chill ran down Emily's spine.  The stare was broken by the
opening of a door on the far side of the wall.  Two men lead a young redhead of
20 years, in chains, into the room.  The woman was in tears, but despite the
swelling the crying had caused Emily could see that the girl was beautiful. 
Clothed in a one-piece garment that looked like a burlap sac, the women limped
toward the table.  Emily looked to the girl's right foot, which she was dragging
behind her and noticed that the foot was mangled and freshly bloodied.  At that
moment Emily's attention was drawn away by Quinn who stood and said, "Ahhih the
entertainment has arrived!  Bring on the meal!"  At this the door opened again
and two young men brought out silver platters, which we're placed in front of
Emily and Quinn.  When the platter covers were removed Emily gazed down a
platter full of bread and cheese, which caused her mouth to water.  Emily
hungrily reached for a slice of cheese, but Quinn stopped her.  "Not before the
rest of the meal arrives, my Dear."  At that the men behind the redhead grabbed
the screaming girl, stripped her naked, lifted her into the air and slammed he
down on the large table.  To dazed to fight back the redhead tried to curl into
the fetal position, but, the men once again had her.  One of the men punched the
girl dead in the face as the other grabbed her and forced her back up into a
standing position.   Quinn began to clap, "Very nice you two, very nice indeed!" 
The terror now returned to Emily's heart she tried to stand, but a big hand held
her down.  The other guards were still stationed behind her.  Quinn stood and
picked up Emily's platter then walked toward the half-conscious redhead. 
Placing his mouth close to her ear he said, "Shit on the plate slut!"  The
redhead whimpered as Quinn placed the plate on the floor and stepped back. 
Tears welled in Emily's eyes again.  "Stop...don't make her ...Please Quinn
please stop this!"  Quinn looked again to the redhead and said, "You have 10
seconds slut!" At that the girl squatted down and tried with all her might to
obey the command.  She tried and tried, but couldn't.  "M-master!" the wench
cried, "I haven't eaten in 4 days! I can't do it!! I can't !!! P-p-PLEASE
forgive me!!"  Quinn's handsome face contorted and he screamed to the guards,
"If this slut wants to beg instead of obey me...THEN I'LL MAKE HER REALLY
BEG!!!! HURT HER WHILE I PERPARE!!"  The guards began kicking the poor girl, in
the crotch; face, in the breasts and in the stomach.  "AIYEE UH UH UH
AIYEEEE!!!!" She screamed as the beating went on.  Finally the beating ended and
they sat her in a chair.  Moaning the girl vomited blood on herself and fainted. 
Quinn turned to Emily and said, "You have disappointed me child!  But I will not
take my anger out on you..." "I will take it out on her!!" he yelled pointing to
the redhead.  Quinn walked to the guards and said something that the young
princess could not hear.  The guards picked up the unconscious redhead brought
her to a small table in the corner of the room that Emily hadn't noticed before. 
Unlike the table that she sat at, the other could secure its victim and could be
adjusted in the middle so that the victim could be tortured lying down or
sitting up.   With the girl firmly secured on the table-like contraption the
guards wheeled it toward the once again panic stricken princess.  The guards
turned Emily so she was positioned right in front of the poor unconscious girl. 
Emily got a good look at the "table" that securely held the motionless redhead. 
She was chained in a sitting position, her knees and legs were locked and
extended outward but, spread to each side of the table.   Her feet extended past
the end of the table and just hung over the end.  Her arms were extended with
her hands shackled taught above her head.  The girl was beautiful; her red hair
covered her ample breasts, but didn't reach to her taught stomach.  The girl's
pubic area was shaved, but that area did not seem to be the target of the
upcoming tortures.   Emily could still smell the putrid odor of the blood/ vomit
that had begun to dry on the girl's chest.  Quinn approached the girl and
signaled to the guards to wake her up.  One guard threw a bucket of water in the
girls face as the other tested her bindings.  The girl stirred, but did not
awaken.  "Bring me a breast clamp," Quinn said softly.   As the guard fetched
the clamp and some other instruments of torture, Quinn turned to Emily and said,
"Watch closely child, if you displease me again this will be you."  All hope
drained from Emily's soul after hearing these words.  He would not free her, he
was not kind, and she was his toy and nothing else.  She knew this as watched
Quinn brush the girl's hair from her right breast and begin to cup and fondle
it.

The redhead awoke suddenly and tried to remember where she was. In a split
second she noticed four guards, a blonde man, and a young girl sitting in a
chair all before her.  They seemed to be watching her...that is when she first
felt the pain.  Her breast was on fire.  "Uhhhhhhhh......" she moaned for she
did not have the strength to scream.  What was happening?  She no longer knew
how long she had been in this place or how she had originally arrived in this
place just that one day she woke up and she was here...nothing else, but
pain...she could remember pain.  Day after day they had tortured her. Sometimes
for minutes or sometimes for hours.  She had lost close to 15 pounds since she
had come due to mal nutrition, but sometimes they fed her.  Shit, cum, table
scraps she ate whatever she could and gladly washed it down with the urine of
whatever guard was torturing and feeding her that day.  With half closed eyes
she tried to focus on the blonde haired man that was moving close to her.  Her
eyes almost fell shut again, but at that moment she felt it!  The fire in her
breast had changed to a crushing agony.  Her eyes and mouth sprung open
simultaneously and she screamed.  Laughing the blonde man stepped back.  "Oh!!
THE PAIN!!!" her mind screamed out.   She tried to look at her breast but only
saw the top of what looked like a clamp, A VICE CLAMP that's jaws were firmly
fastened on her breast.  She threw her head back and wailed.  Through the tears
in her eyes she saw them laughing!  They were laughing at her!!!  She tried to
beg, she tried to scream out, "PLEASE PLEASE STOP PLEASE HAVE MERCY!!"  but
nothing came from her mouth, but an agonized wail that made her captors dicks
hard.  The pain was still there and she could hear herself screaming, but she
watched out of the corner of her eye, that blonde bastard, coming closer again.  
She thought she heard a POP! It could have been in her mind...but the pain was
new...she couldn't comprehend it she just knew that is was there and something
was different, she no longer felt the crushing agony, only a pain that felt as
if thousands of tiny needles were sticking her...sticking in her tit!  

Quinn stepped back and admired his work as the guards cheered and Emily gagged. 
The redhead's breast was mangled, mutilated beyond repair.  Squeezing hadn't
been enough, it hadn't hurt her enough, he had to tear the breast, he had to
really hurt her, he had to make her bleed.  That is exactly what Quinn had done.  
When he had tightened the clamp to the point that he could not tighten it
anymore, he pulled, pulled with all his strength...and tore the young redheads
breast right off her body. 

"Encore! Encore!" Yelled the guards,  "Fuck yeah do it again!!"  Quinn moved
towards the girls remaining breast and opened the clamp.  Emilly watched in
horror, she had to be dreaming...no one was this cruel! No one was this savage! 
"NO ONE!! NO ONE!!!" she screamed out load and fainted. 





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Baer-chen(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





