BDSM Library - Family




Family
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Every members of the family tell you their family life from their own point of views. Enjoy the feeling of both top and bottom.
Family (s&m incest)

===============

Following is chapters in the collective journals that I call The Family.
Different members of the family wrote different chapters.  The journals speak
for themselves.  People who have read these journals ask me if they are really
true or just fantasy. I m not sure. I have a very vivid imagination and my
fantasies are so real  that they become fact. My real life, sometimes, is so
fantastic it can t be real. So where does fact end and fantasy begin? I don t
know. I can t remember. 

The story has lots of S&M and sex.




Family (s&m incest)

Chapter1 by Kay

=============

David was sitting at one end of the sofa with his feet crossed on the hassock.
He was reading the morning paper at three in the afternoon and listening to some
string concerto on the stereo. Schubert, I think. I was at the opposite end of
the sofa with my bare feet curled under me and an unread book in my lap. The
concerto stopped and David folded his paper over a couple of times and tossed it
on the floor. He looked at me and held my eyes for maybe twenty seconds without
saying anything. I got the usual excited feeling in my tummy as tension mounted.
Then David smiled gently, snapped his fingers and pointed to the floor beside
the hassock. I immediately slipped off the sofa and knelt where he had pointed.
As I was trained to do, I kneeled at attention, knees together and my fingers
laced behind my neck. I bent my elbows back so that they were on a straight line
with my head. Also, I sucked in my tummy and this made my slightly aging breasts
thrust forward.

Ten seconds before I was David s girl friend and lover. Now I was his slave and
prepared to do anything he desired, no matter how painful or humiliating. Ten
seconds before I was edgy and nervous. Now I was at peace and content.

David snapped his fingers at me again and touched his shirt collar. This was
another silent command that I was trained to obey immediately. My hands sped to
the buttons of my blouse. I took it off and laid it neatly beside me. I reached
behind my back and unhooked my bra and shrugged that off. A quick snap, zip and
tug and I had my shorts and panties at my knees. I lifted one knee then the
other while removing the shorts and panties from my legs, put my hands back to
my neck and I was naked before my master as he looked carefully at me, the
slight smile still on his lips. No matter how many times I went through this
routine I still felt a tingly excitement in my tummy and between my legs as I
bared myself before him.

Another snap of the fingers and this time my master made a whipping motion with
his a hand, a signal that I was to crawl up the stairs to my bedroom and pick up
my whip with my teeth. I then crawled back to my master, carrying the whip in my
mouth, and dropped it at his feet. Master had three different instruments for
beating me and an accompanying hand motion to fetch each one. Although he
usually chose the whip, I also had a wooden paddle and a long, springy switch.
Each tool had its own unique pain. I can t say that I preferred one over the
others.  They all hurt like hell. The whip had a leather handle about the same
size as Master's hand. From the handle three strips of leather hung, each about
three feet long. Each strip left and individual welt on my naked skin.  Although
the welts looked worse than they felt the whip still hurt. Hurt like hell.

After I delivered the whip to my master s feet he verbalized his next command to
me.

In the middle of the room, Slut, and prepare for a whipping.

Calling me  Slut  was not an derogatory form of address. It is simply my name
when I m a slave. In fact, it is usually the way in which I know if I m to be a
slave or not. If master calls me Kay, I know that I m an ordinary person. When
he calls me Slut, I m a slave.

I crawled to the center of the room and assumed the position for a whipping. I
stayed on my knees but spread them about a foot apart. Then I dropped to my
elbows and pressed my forehead to the carpet. This left my cunt and asshole
prominent for Master s visual enjoyment. More to the point, it left my
vulnerable ass up in the air to be whipped. 

Master picked the whip up and strolled to my side. He gently dangled the whip
over my exposed sex and asshole increasing my excitement and fear. Then the pain
began. The whip seared across my naked body, leaving stripes on my back and over
the two stretched globes of my ass.  He whipped the backs of my thighs, my
calves and even my upturned soles.  My breathing grew ragged and I emitted
incomprehensible grunts as the lash bit into my body.	

And then it was over. Master dropped the whip to the floor, started another CD
on the stereo and returned to his paper. Until I was commanded otherwise, I was
to remain in the middle of the floor while the entire length of my back, from my
shoulders to my toes, burned with a hot intense pain. As the pain subsided into
a dull throb my mind returned to the time that Master and I entered this
relationship of Master and slave.

*  *  *  *

I first met David about two years ago at the party of a mutual friend. I
attended without my husband, Paul, which wasn t unusual. Paul was a painfully
shy individual who was incapable of participating in any kind of social
function. This didn t bother me overly much since I m not a particularly social
person myself. But, occasionally, I had the need to get out. Since David had
also arrived at the party alone, our hostess paired us up so that she wouldn t
have to worry about embarrassing wallflowers cluttering up her party. David and
I had a mutual interest in art and this kept the discussion moving for most of
the evening. We enjoyed each other s company and we agreed to meet at the art
museum the following week for lunch.

For the next year the two of us met about twice a month at the art museum. We
had lunch and toured the galleries. It was nothing romantic. We were just
friends with a mutual interest who enjoyed each other s company.  It could have
become romantic except for the fact that I was married to Paul and had some old
fashion attitudes about loving, honoring and obeying.

David was not married. He was wealthy enough that he did not need a job. He
spent his time reading, writing, painting and thoroughly enjoying himself. We
were the same age (thirty-eight at the time) and both reasonably attractive
individuals. And yes, David was (is) a very strong personality and he is used to
having his own way. Always.

I, on the other hand, am not a particularly strong individual.

Unfortunately, this was the basis of the marital unhappiness between Paul and
myself. Although Paul was very intelligent and capable of providing his family
with a very comfortable income, he was not a take-charge type of person. He left
all the family decisions to me and, quite honestly, I didn t want to make them.
You can begin to see how I got to where I was, kneeling, with my naked burning
ass cooling in the breeze.

Paul and I did manage to raise two wonderful children, Kevin, who is twenty and
a sophomore in college, and Erin, who is a year younger and a freshman at the
same school. I felt sorry for the children as we were raising them because it
seemed like they needed a stronger male figure.  Kevin is bright, attractive
(although slightly effeminate) and a wonderful, quiet young man. Erin is also
bright, attractive (quite feminine), wonderful and not so quiet. In fact,
sometimes she can be downright bitchy.

About a year ago Kevin found his father in the garage with the car running. The
poor man had committed suicide. The note that he left for me said that I d be
happier without him. The pop-psychiatrists would say that Paul wanted me to feel
guilty and that may have been the case. But it didn t work. Paul was right. We
were all happier without him.

*  *  *  *

My thoughts were interrupted by the familiar sound of snapping fingers. I lifted
my head slightly from the carpet to see my Master standing before me making the
motion with his hand that indicated the switch. Without hesitation, I crawled on
my hands and knees to the bedroom and picked the switch up in my mouth. The
switch is about four feet long, quite narrow and made of a tough, springy wood.
Before, when I said that I didn t prefer any particular instrument that Master
used to beat me, I lied. I definitely preferred the whip to the switch. The
switch left a more intense pain that lasted longer. I hadn t been beaten in a
week and Master evidently thought that I was overdue. Also, my children were
coming home for summer vacation the following day. Maybe Master didn t think
that he d have as much opportunity to beat me with them at home.

Again, I dropped the instrument of my torture at his feet and assumed the
position to be beaten. But that wasn t what Master had in mind.

To the wall, Slut. Stand three feet away, hands on the wall.

I complied. Sometimes Master preferred me in this position when using the switch
or paddle. The position left may ass cheeks more fleshy, less taut. The switch
was usually reserved for my ass and upper thighs.

I heard a familiar whistling sound and my bottom screamed in pain.

Thank you Master. May I please have another?  I managed to say.

This was standard practice for the switch and paddle but not the whip.

Whistle. Smack!

Thank you Master. May I please have another?

Whistle. Smack!

Thank you Master. May I please have another?

Twelve more times! I burned, absolutely burned, from the top of my crack to the
back of my knees. This was definitely worse that the whip.

My Master dropped his shorts then and fucked me from the back.

Long, hard strokes that increased in intensity and had me gyrating like a wanton
whore. God, I loved it! The pain, the submission, the sex. I loved it all.

When he was satisfied Master left me standing with my hands against the wall, my
ass ten different shades of red and my cunt dripping.  He wandered off to the
kitchen or the bath or some damn place and I waited. I was at peace. Painful,
blissful, peace.

*  *  *  *

David and I saw more of each other after Paul s suicide. Within a month we were
lovers. The defining moment in our relationship came one month after that. The
kids were at college and David and I were in my living room making small talk. 
You seem pensive, today, Kay. Some thing the matter?  asked David

There was nothing the matter, really. The other day we were at the beach and I
was admiring some of the young healthy bodies. For some insane reason that made
me feel unfaithful to David. I knew it was dumb, but you can t always control
your dumb feelings. I tried to explain all this to David and I think that he
understood. Then he made an interesting comment.  It s too bad you re not
Catholic,  he said. I asked him why.  If you were Catholic, you could confess
your sins to the priest, he would prescribe some kind of penance and you would
be guilt free. I m not Catholic, either,  he continued,  but if that s the way
it works it sure sounds good to me.

I smiled and thought about what he said.  Okay, David. I ll buy it. You re the
priest. I m ready to confess.

Better watch yourself,  he laughed.  I might be a little be more strict than
your parish priest.

Forgive me, David, for I have sinned.  I thought that I heard something like
that in and old Bing Crosby movie, or something. I continued with my confession
to see how this penance worked out. I found the thought of paying penance at
David s instruction somehow erotic. But I was new at this. I d learn. Boy, how I
d learn.

Last week when we were at the beach, I admired the men and women playing volley
ball. I imagined how they would look if they were all naked. It excited me. That
was my sin.

Kay,  said David,  you have a dirty, filthy mind. You are to get ten with the
belt across your naked bottom. Take off your clothes.  His voice had changed a
bit. It was always quiet but strong and forceful. Now it took on an even more
commanding aspect. I felt as if I had to obey. I stood and removed my clothes.
This was not unusual. David and I were lovers. But it was quite sexy knowing
that I had to do it (I pretended that I had to do it) and that I was going to
receive a beating. I was wet.  I was enjoying this.

Bend over and grab your shins.  I did. I felt so exposed. David stood and
removed his belt. It snaked over my ass with a sharp pain that made me wince.
Nine more and I was shaking like a leaf. I held my bent over position until
David took my arm and helped me stand. We embraced. He took off his clothes and
we made love with a passion that I had never before experienced. And I had
experienced some pretty passionate sex.

The following day I confessed more and greater sins. I even made some up. More
pain. More passionate love. More inner peace. I don t know why, but it seemed
like I was more content. Maybe there was something to this penance thing. Or
maybe I m just a screwed up, middle-aged lady and this is what I d always
needed. Who knows. Who cares. I m happy and that s what counts.

The penance game evolved to the point where we are now. When David wants, we
become Master and slave, with all of the various rules that we ve (David)
devised. We don t do it frequently. Maybe once or twice a month. When we do play
the game it may last from one to several days.  During that time I am always
naked, I m frequently beaten, and I serve Master in any way that he commands. We
ve agreed that I have the right to back out any time but I ve never had that
desire.

I don t know how the game will continue to evolve. I haven t thought about it
and we haven t talked about. But for some reason, I think that David knows
exactly where it s going.




Family (s&m incest)

Chapter 2 by Erin

=============

It was late in the afternoon when Kevin pulled in the drive. The trip from our
college takes about three hours and after finals, partying and packing we were
both beat. I was looking forward to a long hot bath, a good dinner and twelve
hours sleep, in that order. And that s exactly what happened, but only after I
received a shock that would change my life.

In spite of the fact that it was late PM, we arrived a couple hours earlier than
expected. I went into the house to make Mom aware of this fact. She wasn t
downstairs so I decided to check her room. Her bedroom door was ajar so I just
pushed it open and walked in. That was when I received my shock. Mom was stark
naked, standing with her back to the full length mirror and looking over her
shoulder at her reflection.  When I saw the reflection I gasped aloud. Her back
was a series of criss-crossed welts from her shoulders to her ankles. Her butt
and thighs had fatter and redder welts laid on the others. In places these welts
had blue and purple ridges.

She jerked her head in my direction when she heard my gasp.

Erin,  was all she said.

Mom. My God, what happened to your back? 	

She just looked at me. The marks were obviously the result of a beating. David, 
I said.  He did this to you? Mom, what happened?  Mom walked to the bed, picked
up her robe and put it on. Then she looked at me. She was surprisingly calm and
seemed very self-assured.

Yes, Erin. David did this to me.  She raised her hand to stop me from saying
anything.  But he did it with my cooperation,  she continued, and even my
encouragement. David and I love each other very much and we have a very special
relationship.  Her voice was so confidant.  I don t expect you to necessarily
understand why we do this but please believe me when I say that it is consensual
and for some crazy reason, I like it.

I didn t know what to say. I thought that maybe I did understand.

I knew that sex can take a lot of different directions and go down some strange
roads. I had been down some myself, although none that left me looking like Mom.
So I simply walked over to her and kissed her on the cheek and said,  We re
home,  and started for the door.

I had my bath, dinner and twelve hours sleep. The next morning Kevin and I were
having a cup of coffee at the kitchen table. Mom had already left to do some
shopping. I told Kevin about what I had seen and instead of being outraged, he
took it very calmly. We talked about motivations and things but the discussion
never became very animated. It was as if we wanted to think about it before we
talked about it. But we never had a chance to do either.

There was a knock at the door and Kevin went to answer it. When he came back he
said,  Look who s here.  On his heels was David.

Good morning,  he greeted us with his usual quiet charm and sincerity.  It
sounds as if you were expecting me.

Kevin invited David to sit down and have some coffee.  Mom just left to do some
shopping. She said she d be back in a couple hours.

I m sorry I missed her,  David said.  How s school?

We made small talk for a while and the discussion turned to David and Mom s
relationship. How they spent a lot of time together, galleries that they visited
and so forth. Without even thinking about what I was saying I told David about
my encounter with Mom the previous night. He didn t seem surprised or concerned.

I don t know how much she told you,  he said,  but everything we do is done with
mutual consent.

I agreed that Mom had said the same thing but little else.

Most of the time our relationship is pretty ordinary and would probably get the
Good Housekeeping Seal of Approval,  he continued.  But occasionally we fall
into an S&M roll. It s a kind of master/slave thing.  Like I said, it s
consensual. It seems to fill a need that we both have and we both enjoy it. 

I suppose that Mom s always the slave,  I blurted. For some reason I was getting
bitchy. I didn t really mind that Mom and David were playing these games but the
whole thing was making me edgy for some reason.  Why don t you take the beating
some time?

I guess we never considered that,  replied David.

Look,  I said,  I don t see what gives you the right to treat my mother like
that. Who are you that you get to be a master and my mother a slave?  I didn t
know what I was talking about. I just felt like being a bitch. Kevin, meanwhile,
was just sitting and looking at David. His eyes never left David s face. I
wondered what was going through his brain.

Stand up, Erin.  David said it quietly but his voice conveyed a sense of
command.

What?  was all I could say. I was getting an excited fear in my stomach. Where
was this going?

Stand up. If you want to understand our relationship, I ll show you. Stand up,
Erin.

His voice grew so quiet it was hard for me to hear him. I stood up and faced
him. I m not sure why I did it. I guess I told myself that it was because he was
my mother s boyfriend and I didn t want to argue with him. Whatever the reason,
I stood.

Without saying a word David left the kitchen.

Kevin looked at me and smiled his sweet smile.  You re going to get it, Erin. 
was all he said. I didn t reply.

After a minute David returned. In his hand he carried he carried a paddle. It
looked like an ordinary sorority paddle except that the word SLUT was printed on
one side in large capital letters. What the hell was going on here?

Drop your shorts, Erin.

I couldn t believe this.  No!  was all I said.  Erin, you said that you didn t
understand and I want you to understand. Turn around, face the table and drop
your shorts.

I will never know why I complied but I did. I turned and faced the table. Kevin
was seated on the opposite side of the table and I was facing him. He wasn t
smiling any more but I could tell that he was excited. He was staring into my
eyes and his mouth was slightly open. There were beads of sweat on his upper
lip. Somehow, his presence made this very exciting.  I unsnapped and unzipped my
shorts. I had to crouch to pull then down to my ankles and then I stood straight
again. I had stepped across some sort of line and I wasn t sure how far beyond
the line I was prepared to proceed. This was my house, Kevin was present and I
could stop this at any time. Right?

Pull your panties down, also, and step out of them.

Again I complied. When I straightened up Kevin s eyes were bouncing back and
forth between my naked crotch and my face. I can t describe the feeling but the
excitement I felt was more intense than any sexual experience I d ever had. I
suspect that this was because of the formality of what was happening. Or maybe
because I wasn t in control (no matter what I liked to think). There was no
doubt that I was about to be paddled and that it was going to be extremely
painful.

Bend over and hold the edge of the table.

I did. I felt the paddle gently touch my ass as if David was taking measure.
Then a sharp smack and a stinging pain. The first one was bearable. Smack! The
second swat was laid on top of the first and not so bearable. I emitted a sharp
cry as I sucked in my breath. The third swat was a long time coming. My ass
burned and I had plenty of opportunity to consider if I could stand another
smack on top of the previous two.  Because of the existing pain it was easy to
imagine the increased pain I was about to endure.

Smack! I cried again. This was getting beyond my tolerance for pain. That damn
paddle hurt like hell. My fingers were white from gripping the table edge. I
looked into Kevin s eyes. His face show an almost uncontrolled excitement.

Just one more, Erin, then we ll go over some rules.

Rules? What the hell was he talking about?

Smack! God, that hurt. I didn t move. I didn t know what I was supposed to do. I
just stood there with my ass burning and my sex on display for David to see. My
sex, by the way, had achieved it s own degree of excitement by this time. It
wanted to be touched, caressed, brought to a climax. In the worst way. But that
was not to happen. Not for a while.

Now what I want you to do, Erin, is face me and kneel.

By this time he had me. I was unbelievably excited. I think that I would have
done anything David asked of me. Apparently, I had as much desire to be
controlled as my mother. Maybe it s a genetic thing. If it is, then how about
Kevin? Did he have the  control me  gene? I was about to find out. I turned and
faced David and dropped to my knees as I was ordered. My ass continued to burn
and the feeling increased my excitement.

Starting now, Erin, you have two lives. Your ordinary life and your slave life.
Unless I indicate otherwise, you will live as you always have. But when I make
it apparent, you will be my slave. You will do absolutely anything I command
without hesitation or question. I, naturally, will never endanger you in any
way. But I will hurt and humiliate you frequently. Do you understand me?

Yes,  I replied.

Resume the position you were in before.

I again stood, turned and bent to grab the table edge. Was he going to swat me
again? I didn t know if my tail could stand any more.

Smack! Jesus god in heaven that hurt!

That was punishment, Erin. When you are in slave mode you must address me as
master every time you speak to me. Is that clear?

Y-yes.

Smack! Oh my God! Every swat was worse than the last and the last was more than
I could bear.

Master. Yes Master. Please don t hit me again, Master.

Smack! Oh shit, I can t stand it!

Another rule, Erin. Whenever I hit you with the paddle or the switch you must
thank me and ask for another. Now let s try it.

Smack! God, not another, please not another!

Thank you, Master. May I please have another?  I couldn t believe it. The last
thing in the world I wanted was another swat on my naked burning ass and here I
was asking for it.

Back to your knees, Erin. I m not sure you re bottom can stand any more
punishment right now. 

Thank god! It couldn t stand any more three swats ago! I faced David, I mean
Master, and knelt.

See this paddle, Erin? What does it say?  Master held the paddle up for me to
read.

It says Slut, Master.

That s because this is your mother s paddle and Slut is her slave name. Your
slave name will be Cunt. We ll make a paddle for you with Cunt written on it.
That will be nice, won t it?

Yes, Master.

He smiled.  When you are a slave you will never refer to me or to yourself or to
another slave with a pronoun. Instead you will use Master and the appropriate
slave name. Clear?

Yes, Master

Now tell me what s going to happen next, Cunt.

I don t--, I mean--, Oh shit! Cunt doesn t know what s going to happen next,
Master.

Master smiled again.  You re learning, Cunt, but you ve made numerous errors and
I can t let them go unpunished. Take off your shirt and bra, please.

I complied and I was naked. I was only nineteen and my breasts were quite firm.
Not too large but definitely a hand full. Because of my sexual excitement, my
nipples stuck out like marbles. I know that Kevin was staring at my multi-hued
ass. He was probably sweating from the heat that was emanating from it. It was
all I could do to keep from caressing my sex. I never experienced more desire in
my entire life.

Lean back so that your palms are flat on the floor.

Now my legs were doubled under me, my tummy was stretched taut and my breasts
were pointed up towaed the ceiling. It was in an uncomfortable position but not
painful. Bending backwards made me open my knees a bit and more prominately
displayed my dripping, swollen cunt.

Smack! David brought the paddle down on my stomach. It hurt but I was thankful
it wasn t my ass. I grunted.

I didn t hear anything, Cunt, so you get another.

Smack! The exact same spot. Right on top of my belly button. What did he want to
hear? Oh shit.

Thank you Master. May I have another, please.

Smack! This was becoming a very painful lesson. I burned, I ached and god, I
wished I could rub my wet pussy.

Thank you, Master. My I have another please?

When is your mother due home, Cunt?

I don t...

Smack!

Cunt doesn t know. Thank you, Master. May I have another, please?

I hope Master was enjoying himself because I sure wasn t.

Make a guess, Cunt.

I took a breath and organized my thoughts as best as I could. I knew what he was
up to. He wanted me to refer to my mother with a pronoun.

Cunt thinks..  (pause),  that Slut will be home about eleven.

Very good, Cunt. I m proud of you.

And I was proud of myself. Can you believe it? How could such a

small thing make me feel proud. Not to mention that I had avoided another swat
with the paddle.

Straighten up, Cunt.  I did.  When I look at you and snap my fingers and point
to the floor it means that you are a slave and you are to kneel where I point.
When you kneel you kneel at attention. Your knees should be together, your back
slightly arched, your tummy sucked in, your hands folded behind your head and
your elbows back. Your chin should be pointed up. Do it.

After I complied with all of these instructions I felt even more naked. It was
like I was showing off my body. The burning in my ass and tummy made me even
more aware of my body and my nakedness. I was glad that I could keep my knees
together. It seemed to relieve some of the excruciating desire between my legs.

You remain in that position, Cunt, until I command otherwise.

Clear?

Yes, Master.

Now. What shall we do with Kevin over here?

What indeed. Kevin s excitement was so palpable that I could feel his presence.
It was like an electricity in the room. What was Kevin s future going to be now
that both mine and Mom s (I mean Cunt and Slut s) had been defined.

Come over here, Kevin, so that Cunt can see us both.

I heard Kevin s chair scrape as he got up. He walked over and stood next to
Master facing me. Did he look ashamed? Of course he did. The front of his shorts
were stained. Not only had he ejaculated into his pants but from the obvious
bulge he was still erect. Poor Kevin. He was always a very nice, sweet, innocent
boy. He s not large, two inches taller than me and I m five-five. His frame is
slight but he s in excellent shape. Both Kevin and I have always been runners.
We ran cross country in high school and we both still run regularly. Kevin is
almost effeminate.  He has very little facial hair and not much body hair. When
I see him with his shirt off there are just a few blond curls in the center of
his chest.  As I mentioned before, he has a very sweet smile.

Master smiled.  It appears that you ve had an accident, Kevin. Is that right?

Kevin looked at the floor.  Yes, Master.  

Kevin didn t need his role defined for him. He new exactly what it was. I can t
say that I was surprised. Master snapped his finger at Kevin and pointed to the
floor beside me. Kevin immediately dropped to his knees and assumed the position
next to me.

Master continued with his lessons.  When I snap my finger and touch my shirt
collar that is a command that you are to strip. You are to lay you re clothes
neatly beside you, not in a pile like the Cunt did there.

Shit. Now what? Do I straighten my clothes without being commanded or do
nothing. My tummy and my ass still felt like they were on fire. I didn t think I
could stand another paddling. I chose to do nothing, primarily because events
were already proceeding with Kevin. The Master had made the appropriate gesture
and Kevin was taking off his clothes. His Jockeys appeared to still be wet from
when he came. When his penis sprang into view I was surprised. I had not seen
Kevin naked since puberty. His body may be slight but his cock would have made
any man proud. I m not an expert on cocks but I ve seen a few (more than a few)
and Kevin s was one of the most impressive in my experience. Kevin appeared
proud of it also.  He was hard and his penis pointed up at Master s face as if
to say  Here I am. Do your damnedest.

Your slave name, Kevin, is Boytoy. One word. Boytoy. When Cunt is a slave she
will refer to you as Boytoy. Not he or his or him but Boytoy.  And you, likewise
will refer to her as Cunt. Understood?

Yes, Master.

Now ask your sister for permission to kiss her passionately on the lips.

Kevin, I mean Boytoy, looked at me and paused for a second before he asked,  May
Boytoy passionately kiss Cunt on the lips?

If his cock could have gotten any harder it did. If my cunt could have gotten
any wetter it did. Kissing my brother passionately, under these circumstances,
at this time, seemed like the most sexually exciting thing in the world. I didn
t know if I was allowed to answer or not and looked toward Master for guidance.

That s good Cunt. You re learning. You may respond to Boytoy.

I looked Boytoy directly in the eyes.  Yes, Boytoy. Boytoy may kiss Cunt
passionately on the lips.

Boytoy looked at Master who nodded. Then Boytoy moved on his knees so that he
was directly across from me. I didn t know if he was allowed to do that or not
but Master didn t say anything. Then he tilted his head to the right and our
lips met. I responded and soon our tongues were poking into each other s mouth.
He had thrust his hips against me and his prodigious cock had slipped between my
legs and was poking at my cunt. I didn t dare spread my knees without Master s
consent. But my hips were grinding lavisiously. I couldn t have stopped that on
pain of death. Even with my knees together, his cock was working it s way inside
me. Boytoy s chest was rubbing against mine tantalizing my sensitive nipples. I
was beginning to have an orgasm. I couldn t help it. I could feel Boytoy doing
the same through his mouth and chest and hips and cock.

Stop,  commanded Master.  Boytoy, return to your former position.

Boytoy reluctantly pulled himself away and returned to his kneeling position
beside me. I was squeezing and grinding every muscle that was close to my cunt.
Every pore in my body seemed to be sweating.  Boytoy was immobile but his cock
seemed to be dancing in front of him.

We heard the door open and slam shut. Mom called out,  Hi. I m home. Anybody
here?

It was too much for poor Boytoy. He shot his wad all the way to our Master and
on to his bare feet.




Family (s&m incest)

Chapter 3 by Kevin

==============

For the first time in my life I felt truly at peace. I was naked and kneeling in
front of my Master. I was about to be humiliated in front of my mother and I was
pretty sure that I was going to be severely punished for spilling my cum on
Master s feet.

Mom came in the kitchen, packages in hand, stopped and stared. Her two children
were naked and kneeling before her. Her daughter had a fire red belly and rear
and was so hot you could almost feel her having an orgasm. I already had my
orgasm. Now I had a semi-hard prick dripping with cum.

Hi dear,  said David as he walked over to Mom and gave her a kiss on the cheek. 
It seems that your children are ready to try a new life style. I m calling the
one on the right Cunt and the one on the left Boytoy. Although it s been a
painful experience, Cunt seems to be learning the rules. Boytoy, on the other
hand, has been very naughty. He came on my foot. Can you believe that.

Mom just stared. Master snapped his finger at her and pointed to the floor
beside me. She immediately dropped her packages and knelt beside me, hands
folded behind her head. Master snapped his fingers again and touched his collar
and Mom stripped naked, neatly folding her clothes as she removed them. She was
in pretty good shape for a forty year old woman.  Her breasts were heavier than
my sister s but after having two kids they were still quite firm. She had a
little more meat in the waist and hips but just enough to make her sensuous, not
fat. I couldn t believe that I was evaluating my mother like this. She was
breathing hard, as if she was excited. All three of us were. Erin seemed to have
settled down a little.  I m not sure if she had had an orgasm or not.

Slut, come here and lick this cum off my foot.

My mother crawled to Master and bent her head to his bare feet and started
licking. I stared at her asshole and her sex. Her back was a mass of welts of
different shades of red, purple and blue. She had gotten a serious beating. This
was amazing. My mother was licking my cum from our Master s feet. Seeing my
mother doing that was unbelievable and very, very erotic. My heart raced, my
adrenaline pumped and my prick got harder.

Mom continued licking until Master said,  That s fine, Slut. Now go get your
whip.  Mom crawled out of the kitchen toward the stairs. While she was gone
Master continued our education.

I use three things to beat my slaves with. The paddle you ve seen. Slut will
bring the whip and I ll show you that on Boytoy s tender hide.  Uh-oh.  When you
receive a blow with the paddle or switch you thank me and politely ask for
another, as Cunt has learned so admirably. When you re struck with the whip you
keep your mouth shut and wait for the next blow. I beat my slaves any time I
feel like. If they are bad, as Boytoy has been, the beating will be severe. 
Uh-oh.  You ll both get your own, whip, paddle and switch. When I make the
appropriate motion with my hand you will crawl to get the indicated item, pick
it up with your teeth and drop it at my feet.

Master showed us the different hand motions for each of the items.

As he was doing this, Slut crawled back into the room with a whip in her mouth.
She dropped it at Master s feet and returned to her kneeling position beside me.

Boytoy, I want you to hold this in your mouth until I m ready for it. All of
you, follow me.

That said, Master strode toward the basement door. Mom immediately followed him
on her hands and knees and Erin crawled after her. I crawled to the whip and
picked it up in my mouth and brought up the rear. It was difficult crawling down
the basement steps, particularly while watching Cunt s naked rear descend in
front of me.

Our basement is unfinished. The floor is cement and the ceiling joists are
uncovered. It is lit by a series if florescent lights hanging from the ceiling
that give the place a bright harsh light. I crawled up beside Erin who was
already kneeling in position beside Mom. Master was standing in front of them
holding a length of rope. He pointed to the floor in front of him and said, 
Stand here, Boytoy.

I crawled to the designated spot and stood. The whip was still in my mouth. My
whole body was shaking with fear or anticipation or sexual excitemt or,
probably, a combination of all of the above.

Hold your hands together in front of you.  I complied and Master tied them
together with the rope. He reached up and snaked the other end through the joist
and pulled. Master was over six feet tall and could reach the ceiling but, being
shorter, I couldn t touch it, even on my toes. Master pulled the roped tight
until just my toes were on the ground and then he knotted the rope to the joist.
I was suspended, helpless, my naked body stretched taut.

I don t think I ll bother beating you, Boytoy. I ll have Slut and Cunt do it for
me.  I didn t look down but if I did I knew I d find my uncontrollable dick
getting hard. The thought of my naked mother and my naked sister whipping my
naked body was affecting me in a very erotic way.  Slut, come here.  My mother
crawled in front of me and knelt facing my Master. Take the whip from Boytoy and
ask him for permission to whip him.

Mom reached up and removed the thing from my mouth and said. 

Slut would like Boytoy s permission to beat Boytoy.

Her voice had a slight quiver in it. I don t know if it was from embarrassment,
arousal or what. I looked at Master and he nodded.

Slut may whip Boytoy,  I said in a quiet voice.

You may stand when you whip him, Slut. I want his back striped from his
shoulders to his ankles. Twenty stokes altogether. Boytoy, you count each one
aloud. Cunt, you come over here so you can see Boytoy s face while he suffers.
Also, Slut, I want you to first passionately kiss his dick. Lots of tongue. If
you come, Boytoy, your punishment is doubled.  Understand?

Slut and I answered simultaneously,  Yes, Master.

Start. 

Master sat in a director s chair about five feet away and Erin was kneeling next
to him. She was watching intently and still grinding and squeezing the muscles
in her hips. I surely hoped that my poor sister would be allowed her orgasm
soon. Mom bent down from her kneeling position and took the tip of my semi-hard
cock in her mouth.  You may use your hands Slut,  offered our Master. Mom
reached around and grabbed each of my ass cheeks and caressed the end of my cock
with her lips and tongue. In seconds I was rock hard. My mother was absolutely
beautiful, naked and with her lips wrapped around the tip of my dick. Her tongue
gave me a final caress and then she stood up, whip in hand. It whistled and
struck across my shoulder blades.

One, Master,  I said. I heard Erin suck air in through mouth. Her hips were
grinding sensuously. She was the sexiest thing I d ever seen with her light
brown hair disheveled and hanging about her shoulders. She had a sheen of sweat
covering her muscled body. I could see her abdominal muscles tightening as she
gyrated. If I kept watching her I would never be able to prevent my third orgasm
in as many hours. 

Whistle. Crack.  Four, Master.  Mom had worked her way to the middle of my back.
The whipping hurt but I was so turned on that it simply added to my excitement.

Whistle. Crack.  Eight, Master.

Whistle. Crack.  Nine, Master.  Slut had reached my ass and was laying several
on top of each other. I watched her as she whipped me. She was into it. She was
enjoyong it. As she moved I could see her pussy lips glisten. As she drew the
whip across my ass her breasts bounced and jiggled. I couldn t watch her. I d
come for sure.

Whistle. Crack.  Thirteen, Master.  Slut was at the top of my thighs. Each time
the whip struck me I d twist my body and contract my muscles. Erin was watching
my lurid show with an awed look on her face.  Her gyrations had become
completely unabandoned.

Whistle. Crack.  Sixteen, Master.  Mom s whip cut across the back of my knees.
The pain was sharper than the other strokes. That must be a tender place.

Whistle. Crack.  Eighteen, Master.  The whip stroked my calves.

Master s eyes kept moving from my writhing body to Cunt s obscene dance.

Even he seemed overcome by the sensuality of the scene before him.

Whistle. Crack.  Twenty, Master.  Slut got to her knees, breathing hard through
her mouth, and crawled to the Master with the whip in her teeth. She dropped it
at his feet and assumed the kneeling slave position.  Cunt had somehow managed
to still her body but I don t believe that she had her orgasm. Her stomach
muscles were still tight and her entire body was stiff and taut. She had a
glazed look in her eyes. I hung from the ceiling and gazed at my Master s face.

He sat quietly for about sixty seconds. There was not a sound in the room except
for our ragged breathing. It seemed like I could hear all four hearts beating.
Master shook his head as if coming out of a dream and jumped out of his chair. 
Well, that takes care of the back half,  he said brightly.  Now we can have our
oversexed little Cunt here do the front half. I think we better skip the cock
kissing, though. I m afraid Boytoy wouldn t be able to survive it.  He got that
right.  Twenty on the front, Cunt. Go at it.  As Master was saying this he had
grabbed Cunt by the hair and lifted to her feet. He pulled her higher so that
her toes were just touching the ground. Master was quite strong. Cunt kept her
hands locked behind her head. She was not going to make any move without Master
s permission. He twisted her so that she faced me.  Boytoy, you have just given
this living orgasm inestimable pleasure. She will now return the favor.  He put
the whip in Erin s s hand and said,  He s all yours, Cunt.  Do your worst.

Erin stood with the whip hanging from her hand and staring at me in a dazed
fashion. Then she smiled. If my sister was capable of an evil smile, that was
it. It was almost a leer. I had the feeling that she was going to enjoy whipping
her big brother.

She stood to my side and twisted her body bending her whipping arm behind her.
Then she rotated her body in the opposite direction, arm fully extended, and
followed through as if she were hitting a tennis ball out of the court. The
lashes bit across my chest with double the intensity of Slut s strokes.

One, Master,  I grunted through my gritted teeth.

Nice cut,  shouted Master, enthusiastically.  Lay on.  Cunt looked unbelievably
sexy and absolutely diabolical. I think that she was releasing her pent up
orgasm on my poor naked body. With excruciating pain she worked her way to my
belly button in eight stokes. What was she going to do about my cock? Would it
feel the lash? Would it survive the lash?  Had Erin any mercy? Both Master and
Mom must have been wondering the same thing as they stared intently at the
action.

Nine, Master.  That one bit into my pubic hair just above my cock. It was so
close. Was her aim that good or was I just lucky? I looked in Erin s eyes and
she returned the look. The eyes and the evil smile was all that I needed to see.
I m dead, I thought. Erin had established a rhythm with the whip but now she
paused. She was enjoying the tension immensely. Her arm drew back and the whip
stroke started. We all knew instantly where it was going. Tied as I was I could
not dodge the stoke. I felt like a deer in the headlights of a speeding
automobile.

Eeaghhh! T-t-ten, M-m-master.  My crotch exploded in pain. The lashes bit into
my formerly erect dick and the sack enclosing my balls. I drew my feet off the
ground and hung from the rope. Master whooped with excitement. Without
hesitation the whip struck again.

Ayeee!  Leven, Maser.  That wasn t fair. I didn t even see that one coming.
Right on top of the first. My sister was going to make me a eunuch before my
twenty-first birthday.

The next stroke bit into my thighs just below my screaming cock.

Twelve, Master.  Thank god she was done with my cock. I hurt. The remaining
strokes were anti-climatic. Even Cunt seemed to have lost her enthusiasm. I
rattled off   Twenty, Master.  and hung like a slab of meat in a butcher shop.
Cunt dropped to her knees and crawled to the Master with the whip in her mouth.
She looked very feminine and contrite, the little hypocrite.

They enjoyed the spectacle of my agony for several minutes and then Master gave
me some recompense.  Cunt, crawl over to Boytoy and ask for permission to suck
him off. If he agrees, ask him if he wants to come in your throat or on your
face.  I was going to enjoy this. Already my suffering cock was getting hard
again. Erin crawled over and knelt in front of me. She actually smelled like
sex. The odor emanated from her body. The girl was ready to explode.

Boytoy, Cunt would like to suck Boytoy s cock until Boytoy comes.

May Cunt please do this?  She looked up into my eyes and I felt that she was
sincere. My sister really did want to give me a blow job. Was I going to say
yes? Are you kidding?

Yes. Cunt may suck Boytoy s cock.

Cunt would like to know if Boytoy wants to come in Cunt s mouth or on Cunt s
face.

Boytoy wants to pour Boytoy s jism down Cunt s throat.  That should be clear, I
thought, but Master wasn t satisfied.

Ask him if he wants you to swallow it. 

Cunt would like to know if Boytoy wants Cunt to swallow Boytoy s jism.  By now I
was going nuts. Lets get on with the blow job!

Boytoy wants Cunt to swallow every drop.  I could tell that Cunt was ready, too.

Make him love it, Cunt, or it s your hide,  called Master.	

And she did. She put a knee beside each of my tiptoed feet and settled back on
her haunches. Then she put a hand on each ass cheek slipping her fingers into
the bottom of my crack and up against my asshole. She used this grip to pull
herself further forward so that her pubic hairs brushed my shins, her breasts
pressed against my thighs and her pretty mouth wrapped around my now rock hard
dick. With lots of slippery saliva she moved slowly up and down the length of my
prick. At the bottom of each stroke I could feel my cock head bump against the
back of her throat. I ll have to give my sister credit. I have a large cock and
took as much as she could. Her tongue was constantly moving, teasing the tip and
massaging the back my cock. My sister giving me the blow job of my life. Hanging
from the ceiling and with just my toes touching the ground I managed to catch
her rhythm and drive my hips into the forward strokes of her head. This was
heaven but try as I might, it didn t last long. I was shortly squirting every
last seed into her mouth as she stroked, licked and sucked. As she was
instructed, Cunt swallowed every drop and she was kind enough to keep my cock in
her mouth and continue a gentle stroking after I came. When I was totally soft
and completely drained she gently licked every inch of me to make sure that she
hadn t missed anything. When she was done she settled further back on her
haunches, looked up into my eyes and said,  Cunt thanks Boytoy for the pleasure
of coming in Cunt s mouth.

I never loved my sister more than at that moment. And to think that fifteen
minutes earlier she was trying to castrate me with a whip. Go figure.




Family (s&m incest)

Chapter 4 by David

==============

I had such a raging hard on that I could barely contain myself. As I watched
Cunt try to bring herself off during Boytoy's first whipping I came close to
creaming my pants. The vision of Slut whipping her helpless and willing son was
almost beyond my control. She was beautiful as her naked body went through the
motions of drawing the whip over Boytoy's nude writhing torso.

And as for Boytoy.. Who would have thought that his slight frame would support
such a magnificent cock. And who could possibly have guessed that Kay's quiet,
effeminate son was so highly sexed. Since he first pulled his pants down he was
erect more frequently than not. And he came twice! Poor cunt had a hard time
swallowing fast enough to keep up with him. I really believed that Boytoy had
found his true place in life. Being a slave is a sexual and emotional release
for Slut and Cunt but it is still a role that they play. Boytoy, on the other
hand, is truly a slave. His face showed more peace and happiness that morning
than I had ever seen on it.

When Cunt took the whip and lashed into Boytoy's cock, I did not believe that I
would survive. I actually had to close my eyes and think about a cold shower. If
someone had even touched my penis I think that I would have exploded.

But I made it. It was time to finish up the morning's entertainment and have my
slaves prepare lunch. The time had come to come.

I untied Boytoy from the ceiling and he immediately dropped to his hands and
knees. He was exhausted from the whipping and the sex. "Follow me, slaves. Don't
forget your whip, Boytoy." I climbed the basement steps to the living room and
they followed on their hands and knees, first Slut, then Cunt and Boytoy last,
with the whip hanging from his mouth. We proceeded to the living room and the
three slaves lined themselves up, kneeling in the slave position.

"Time for this family to get to know each other," I said as I began to take my
own clothes off. It was also time for me to achieve my own release. "Slut. On
your back, spread eagled. Cunt and Boytoy, kneel at right angles to the Slut by
each of her hands. Take her hand in yours and start making love to it with your
mouths. Work your way down her arms to her arm pits and do them thoroughly. Do
every inch of her face and her ears using only your tongues, lips and mouths.
Proceed down her body all the way to her toes. The only place you'll skip is her
sex. Take your time and stay together. Start." Naked, I settled into my favorite
chair and watched Cunt and Boytoy get to know their mother. Intimately. It took
them about ten minutes to reach her toes and by that time Slut was writhing in
excitement.

"Roll over, Slut. Now I want you two to reverse direction and be just as
thorough. Pay close attention to her ass, crack and asshole. Stay away from her
sex." The two completed their task, slowly working their way back to their
mother s fingertips. When they were finished I had mother and son repeat the
process on Cunt. Both Cunt and Slut had reached a feverish pitch of sexual
excitement.

"On your back, Slut. Feet flat on the floor, knees up and spread wide. Cunt,
kneel between your mother s legs and start licking. I want your ass up in the
air, legs apart." Fun time. I knelt behind Cunt and had my prick buried in her
in seconds. I was too horny to draw this out. I was immediately pumping away
furiously. Cunt and Slut were ready also and were groaning and bucking with me.
It didn't last long. We all exploded about the same time, shuddering, grinding,
squeezing, pumping and groaning. As the excitement faded we just sort of
collapsed. Boytoy knelt near us with an awed expression on his face. I think
that everybody agreed that this master/slave/family thing had  a lot of
potential.

I figured that lunch would be a good opportunity to see how far my slaves were
prepared to go to please their master. I snapped instructions at them and had
them carry out all the lunch preparations on their knees.  I carried the whip
and punished any slave that displeased me in the least.  They arranged three
bowls on the floor and filled them with water for their drink. Slut had a dog
bowl with SLUT written on the side. Cunt and Boytoy got ordinary cereal bowls
but I assured them that they d get their personalized dog bowls, too. They
boiled some hot dogs. I was sitting at the kitchen table eating mine while they
kneeled in front of me. Each slave had a hot-dog lying on the floor in front of
them, cooling. When I had finished my lunch I gave them their instructions.

I think your dogs are cool enough, now. Cunt, you pick yours up and spread some
mustard on it to make it nice and slippery. Then shove it into Slut s asshole.
Squirt some mustard in there, too, if necessary.  Shove the hot-dog in until it
disappears.  Slut knelt with her head to the floor to make it easier for Cunt to
perform the task. Without too much trouble, Cunt managed to get the hot-dog all
the way in and I watched as the mustard stained sphincter muscles closed around
the end of the dog. I then had Slut do the same with her hot-dog, shoving it
into Boytoy s asshole. Then Boytoy shoved his into Cunt s. Now that all three
bums were filled I had them proceed with other tasks to make sure that their
bowels properly flavored the hot-dogs. I commanded them to drink their water,
kneeling at their dishes and not using their hands. Then I had them clean up the
kitchen and, finally, to kneel in position and wait for their lunch to start.

Slut, put your forehead to the floor.  She was having trouble keeping the
hot-dog in. I could see the tip starting to pop out as she worked her sphincter
muscles trying to keep it in.   Cunt, you may eat your hot dog now. You can put
your hands on Slut s hips but that s the only place you re allowed to put them.
If one crumb of your hot-dog hits the floor you ll be punished severely. One
more thing. Small lady like bites only.

Cunt grabbed each of Slut s hips for position and put her mouth over Slut s
asshole. She sucked out about one inch of dog and bit it off.  She had to use
her tongue to push the remaining dog back in. Just in case Slut couldn t keep it
in, Cunt kept her face close to the asshole as she chewed. She had mustard
smeared around her mouth that had been left between Slut s ass cheeks while
inserting the dog. Cunt chewed and swallowed her bite and went back for her
second. After six bites she had finished her lunch and was ready to offer Boytoy
his.

I was still naked from our earlier games and I was sitting at the table,
occasionally getting up for a better view of the action. I was enjoying it
immensely, a fact made obvious by the resurgence of my penis s hardness. Lunch
was soon over and my three slaves and their yellow mouths were again lined up in
front of me. Time for some personal hygiene.

I want the three of you to shower and shave. Yes, shave. I don t want to see one
hair below the neck. That includes you, Boytoy. I m talking armpits, chest,
pubic hair, legs, even around the asshole. Peach fuzz only. Not one real hair.
Your are not allowed to shave yourself. Two of you will shave the remaining
slave. You have two hours to complete this depilatory exercise and rest up. Be
back down here in slave position at exactly three o clock. Then we ll see what
the rest of the afternoon brings.

My three slaves crawled off toward the stairs and proceeded up them on their
hands and knees showing off their yellow stained rears. I settled down in my
chair and dreamt up ways to finish off the day.

At the apointed time three clean, naked slaves crawled into the room and knelt
in front of me and they each wore a pleasant self-satisfied smile. The female
slaves had shaven their pubic hairs and it made them appear even more gloriously
naked. Their labias were proudly displayed and they actually glistened. The rest
of their bodies were, of course, already hairless. Boytoy was absolutely
beaultiful and I could tell by the smile on his face that he knew it. They had
shaved his armpits, chest, and pubic area. His legs were shaven from his crotch
to his toes and I suspect that the tops of his toes were shaven if he had any
hair there. As I stared at his shiny cock (which was partially erect) and smooth
clean balls I confessed to myself that it would give me great pleasure to take
them into my mouth and lick and kiss them. I was still naked and when I looked
down at my body it was obvious that I found the thought erotic.

The morning had left me exhausted but happy and satisfied. It was not just the
sexual excitement that I enjoyed but there seemed to be a basic satisfaction to
being completely in the control of my Master. Also, I found it exciting to know
that both my mother and sister were also in his control. At this point, I didn t
spend any time thinking about the motivations or ramifications of our new life.
I was simply experiencing it and anticipating what was next.

The three of us crawled up the stairs to follow Master s orders. I watched Erin
s yellow stained ass wiggling in front of me and had to make an effort to keep
from giggling. We crawled into the master bath and Mom stood to start the
shower. I guessed that it was okay to stand when not in the Master  presence.
Erin was the first to speak.

Mom, are we all crazy, or what? What s happening to us.

Mom looked at her and said,  No, Cunt. We re not crazy. We re slaves. And I m
going to have to tell Master that you called me  Mom  and used the pronoun "we"
and "us".

That stopped Erin for a second but not for long. She thought for a minute and
was counting on her fingers. Then she smiled at Mom and said, Slut used the
pronoun  we  twice,  I  once and  you  once. That's four.  Cunt has something to
tell Master, also.

Mom smiled back.  Cunt s right. Thank you, Cunt. Slut, Cunt and Boytoy will
first brush teeth to remove the shitty hot-dog taste and then shower together.
Slut, Cunt and Boytoy will shave in the shower. Boytoy will go and get another
razor.  Avoiding pronouns created some pretty strange sounding sentences.

The three of us brushed as the shower steamed up. I still could not help but
look at my naked sister and mother and admire their bodies.  As they brushed and
moved and as their breasts bounced and jiggled, I kept getting that excited
feeling down in my stomach and between my legs. My prick was almost always at
some level of excitement. I also noticed that their eyes were always traveling
around my body and kept falling to my crotch.

The shower was large enough to accommodate the three of us comfortably. Mom
started by soaping me and Erin and then had us do her. We had to pay particular
attention to our mustardy rears. Mom was so thorough as to insert her soapy
finger into my anus and wiggle it around.  Naturally, I returned the favor. When
I went to do Erin s, Mom s finger was already there. The three of us giggled
when I made the attempt. Not to be denied, I managed to wiggle my finger in
also, and Erin moaned and slid her soapy hand down my slippery back and over my
ass. My dick sprang to attention and pressed against Mom s thigh. Mom smiled and
slapped my dick and said,  That s enough! Master has not given Slut, Cunt and
Boytoy permission to have an orgasm.

While we were still soapy, Mom gave the razor to Erin and said, Please shave
Slut s armpits,  and she raised one of her arms. Although her armpits were
already shaven there was a stubble and Erin took care of that. I was told to do
her legs. I took the other razor and knelt at her feet, my face looking at her
soon to be shaved cunt. As I shaved her legs I was careful not to nick her. Soon
Erin joined me. We completed her legs and I rubbed shaving cream into her pubic
hair and shaved some off. I let Erin do the parts that were most sensitive. Mom
put one foot on the shower seat when it would help us to access her. We were
getting to know our mother s sex very well. After Mom was completely shaven she
rinsed off thoroughly and she and I did Erin. The two of them were stunning with
their bare slits on display.

Mom said,  Boytoy s next,  and they started in. The two of them creamed and
shaved all my hair from my neck down and they enjoyed their work. They were like
a couple of school girls as they giggled and elbowed each other of the way to
get at me. After they shaved a part of me, they would rinse the area and then
kiss and lick it and giggle some more. They did my pits, chest and legs. I m
fair in color and don t have a lot of body hair so I guess that they considered
my arms to be peach fuzz. All that was left was my pubic area and they spent a
long and careful time doing it. When they were finished, I was bare as a baby.
It was a very erotic sensation as they ran their hands over my smooth and
hairless penis and testicles. They must have enjoyed the sensation also because
they continued, even after I started grinding my hips in preparation for an
orgasm. Mom had the most self-discipline and stopped the petting in time.

"Slut, Cunt and Boytoy should lay down for a while so Slut, Cunt and Boytoy can
be rested up for Master at three."

This may have been good advice but if I was going to remain within visual
contact with them I would get little rest. After drying off each other's bodies,
the three of us laid down on Mom's king size bed and, as I predicted, we got
little rest. For the next hour we were continually petting, kissing and licking
each other's hairless bodies, bringing ourselves to the brink but never over it.
By five minutes to three we escalated ourselves to a fever pitch. All three of
Master's slaves were ready to explode in a raging orgasm. I hoped that we would
be able to calm ourselves down before we presented ours naked and hairless
bodies to our Master.

"It's time to serve our Master," said Mom, as she rolled off the bed and on to
her knees and started crawling toward the stairs. Erin followed and I was last.
It occurred to me that I might have been a slave but I was a gentleman slave. I
always let the ladies go first and Erin always let Mom go first. Mom raised her
kids right.

We descended the stairs on our hands and knees (I was getting pretty good at
negotiating steps in this manner) and I noted that Erin's ass was cleaner and
missing that tuft of hair that I could see between her legs earlier. It was
sexier every time I looked at it. I was not calming down.

We three slaves knelt in front of our Master in the required slave position and
waited. He continued reading his book for about ten minutes and didn't even
honor us with a glance. But the wait and ensuing tension added to my excitement.
I still was not calming down. Then he snapped his book shut and the three of us
must have jumped a foot. He just stared at us for another minute with an
admiring and proprietary look.

He smiled and said, "I think that we need an "at ease" position for you slaves.
When I make the following signal you are to sit back on your heels and spread
your knees wide apart. Do it." At the same time he said this he snapped his
fingers at us and turned his hand palm up. The three of us settled back on our
heels and spread our knees. I sneaked a look at Mom and Erin and found their
exposed and hairless sex to be a truly exciting site. I wondered how Master
could keep from jumping them on the spot. But when I looked at his face I found
him to be studying my own semi-rigid organ. Interesting.

"Now tell me how the three of you got on with out me. You start, Slut," said our
Master.

"Both Slut and Cunt used pronouns for Slut, Cunt and Boytoy's slave names,
Master," responded Mom. "Slut and Cunt would be pleased if Master would punish
Slut and Cunt for Slut and Cunt's infraction."

"How many times did you commit this error, Slut?"

"Four times, Master."

"Your punishment will be four stripes across the breasts with the whip. How
about you, Cunt?"

"I believe that I erred three times, Master," replied Erin. Wrong answer!

"You believe?" asked Master. "Since you're not sure you'll get ten. That way
we'll know that we've covered all the mistakes. In the future keep better track
of your errors."

"Yes, Master," said Erin. Her voice sounded nervous. I don't think she was
looking forward to ten lashes across her breasts. I was, though. I hadn't
forgotten what she did to my poor cock.

"How about you, Boytoy? Did you break any rules?"

"No, Master." No equivocation there. I'm a fast learner.

"Good," said Master. "Since you seem to know how to behave, you may yield the
whip." Yesss! There was justice! I was going to watch my mother and sister
suffer as I whipped their naked breasts. There would be no mercy and I think
that Master knew it.

Master gave the necessary commands.  Slut, over here and kneel with your hands
on the floor behind you. Stick those tits up in the air so that Boytoy can t
miss.  Fat chance.  Boytoy, take the whip and stand beside Slut.

We obeyed his commands and I was ready to do my duty, with my cock at full
alert. I did not intend to spare my mother, primarily because I knew that the
more she suffered the more trepidation Erin would feel as she contemplated her
punishment. Besides, no mattered how hard I laid on, Mom was receiving only four
stripes compared to Erin s ten. I gazed at my mother who was leaning back and
offering me her breasts for torture. Her newly shaven cunt glistened and,
although it may have been my imagination, even the inside of her thighs appeared
wet. I waited for the command to begin.

Begin!

I took a step forward, twisted my body as I brought the whip back and stroked it
over my mother s waiting breasts with fierce abandon. The thongs snapped against
her naked flesh as she arched her head back and sucked air in through her parted
lips. I followed through with the stroke and three red stripes began forming
over the tops of her heaving breasts, the bottom stripe cut across the middle of
both nipples. My poor mother had to endure three more but my cock beating sister
was going to receive ten. God, how I loved it.

I delivered the three remaining strokes with slight pauses between each so that
everyone had a chance to contemplate the action. Mom concentrated on the pain
she was enduring, Erin thought about the pain she was about to endure and Master
and I wallowed in sexual ecstasy. When I was done Mom s breasts were a series of
angry welts. Because of her position I managed to mark the underside of tits as
well as the top.  Several stripes crossed her nipples which were hard and erect.
Her head was thrown back, her eyes squeezed shut with pain and her mouth half
open in a grimace. And this was less than half what Erin was to endure.

Very good, Boytoy. I don t believe that I could have done better myself. You
seem to have a flair for this sort of thing. Cunt, change position with your
mother. Now it s your turn to be punished.

Mom returned to her former position with her burning breasts undulating back and
forth as she crawled. The whip had snaked around her body and left little purple
marks on her side where the tips bit in. It occurred to me that I should shorten
some of my strokes while whipping Erin so that the tips would bite into tender
breasts and not just the side of her body.

Erin took Mom s place. Her breasts weren t as large but they stood out more.
They didn t hang to the side as much as Mom s. Her aureole s were smaller but
the nipple itself seemed larger and more erect. Maybe this made them more
sensitive. I hoped so. Her pussy was every bit as wet.  This may have been a
sexual turn-on for her but she was going to suffer.  Oh yes, she was going to
suffer. She looked in my eyes, saw me smile and knew that she was going to
suffer.

If you want to spread the strokes out to include her belly, Boytoy, that would
be okay. Ten strokes all in one place is a lot. Stay away from that pretty
little cunt, though. We wouldn t want to damage her for future use.  Oh, yeah?
How about my cock? Oh, well. I d get my revenge on her pretty tits. I waited
patiently.

Begin.

I applied the lessons I learned whipping my mother. The first stroke was every
bit as hard but I brought it up short so that the tips of the lash bit into the
flesh of her far breast. In addition, I snapped my wrist at the moment of
contact making the tips bite deeper and harder. I was getting good at this. The
knowledge was confirmed by Erin s reaction.  Her breasts thrust out, her
shoulders hunched, her abdomen squeezed, her head arched back and she yelled
out. I don t think that she was expecting so much pain. And that was only one.
Nine to go!

I used the same technique on the next four strokes leaving sharp red/purple
buttons of pain on each tit. Four times one of the whip thongs caught a nipple.
Erin was writhing and screaming,  Oh god have mercy oh please it hurts oh shit
oh damn oh please have mercy,  and then,  Eeagh!  Shit!  as I caught a nipple
once again and in the exact same place. After five strokes even I was beginning
to feel some mercy. I delivered three long hard lashes over her belly and
finished with two final stripes across both breasts.

When I completed my final stroke Erin snapped her chin to her chest, opened her
eyes and stared at her colorful tits. They were criss-crossed with raised red
welts and accented with an array of red/purple dots. I thought a ripe grape vine
in a melon patch made a good simile. The poor girl just panted, stared at her
breasts and held her obscene position. I dropped to my knees, put the whip in my
mouth, crawled to my Master and dropped it at his feet.

Stand up, Boytoy, and come here,  commanded Master. I obeyed and stepped toward
him with my hands folded behind my head like the obedient slave that I was. He
reached out and grabbed my semi-hard dick. Using that as a handle he pulled me
to the side of his chair, turned his face toward me and gently placed his lips
over the end of my cock. Not only did my cock get rigid but so did the rest of
my body. What was going to happen?  What if I came (a distinct possibility,
considering how aroused I was)?  Should I come in his mouth? If not his mouth,
how do I come without getting it on him. One does not come in one s Master s
face. That may not be written down anywhere but I was sure it was true.

By now Master was still holding my dick in his hand and was sucking my balls. I
never considered myself to be a gay person but I was finding this to be quite
exciting. He paused for a minute and said,  Slut, come over here and suck my
cock.

Mom crawled over, knelt between Master s legs and began kissing, licking and
sucking on his erect cock. Poor Erin maintained her uncomfortable position with
her decorated tits cooling in the breeze, her juicy cunt winking obscenely at us
and watching us with a rapt expression.

By now Master had my cock totally in his mouth and was stroking me with a slow
pace that matched exactly the rhythm being maintained by my mother. He had one
hand on my balls which he was constantly toying with and his other hand in my
mothers hair. As he picked up the pace Mom followed suite. Master s hips and my
hips began pumping at the same time and with the established rhythm. We were all
so keyed up that I knew we would not last long. I was right. We both exploded
simultaneously, shooting come into the respective mouths. Our two bodies went
rigid, shivered and twitched spasmodically and began to relax. Master released
my dick, snapped his fingers at me and pointed to the floor where I immediately
knelt in the slave position. He then snapped his fingers at Erin and pointed to
where I was standing a second before. She crawled over and Master grabbed her by
the hair, forced her head back and with his other hand pulled her chin down to
open her mouth. He placed his mouth over hers and deposited my come and
ancillary spit in her mouth. He said, Swallow, Cunt,  as he laid back in his
chair, brushing mom away from his cock. And there he relaxed with his eyes
closed and his three slaves kneeling around him and looking at him.

I don t know how long this particular tableau lasted but my body was getting
tired from holding the slave position. My mother and sister attained relief
before I did.

Cunt, Slut, you two are probably pretty charged up by now. Why don t the two of
you amuse us with a passionate sixty-nine.  Master said this without even
opening his eyes. It was as if he was tossing his slaves small change from his
pocket.

Mom and Erin crawled several feet away and while in the kneeling position,
wrapped their arms around each other and kissed passionately.  They fell to the
floor as their hands thoroughly explored each other and they began rotating
their bodies to achieve the sixty-nine position. They started by making love to
each other s breasts with their mouths, kissing, licking and nibbling. Mom was
not being particularly gentle with Erin s abused flesh but Erin didn t seem to
mind. They were both in heat. Their mouth s proceeded down each other s bodies
as their hands continued their intimate caressing. When their faces reached
their crotches they were side by side but Erin was being more aggressive and she
wound up on top with her mother under her. They both drew their knees up and
curled their toes as the orgasms mounted. There was so much slurping it sounded
like an army marching through a muddy field. I was mesmerized as they twisted,
writhed, bucked, groaned and moaned. Their final orgasmic exclamations were
muffled by each other s cunts. A final kiss, lick and caress and they both fell
flat on their backs, panting.

Master watched through half open eyes with a smile on his lips.

When they collapsed he said,  You re still slaves, you know.

With that, the two exhausted females struggled to their knees and assumed the
required position, still panting.

I m spent and you three look even more spent. Let s all relax until dinner.
Here. You can use these to lounge around on.  As Master said this he walked to
the sofa and threw the pillows and cushions on the floor in our direction. He
walked out of the room and upstairs. The three of us arranged ourselves side by
side on the floor with our heads close together on one of the cushions. Mom was
in the middle. Then mom said something unexpected.

I love you both very much.  She said it quietly so that just the two of us could
hear. I didn t know if  that was because of the personal nature of what she was
saying or if it was because she wasn t using our slave vernacular. As she said
it she grabbed each of our hands and squeezed. She continued,  I hope I ve done
the right thing by letting this happen. I know David well enough to know that I
could stop it any time. I feel down in my heart somewhere that this is right for
us but if either of you feel differently please tell me.

Erin smiled and said,   Cunt is very happy, Slut, even if Boytoy did make dog
meat out of Cunt s pretty tits. 

Mom smiled and kissed Erin on the lips, not hard but long. Even under these
conditions it was a sensuous kiss. Then she turned to me and asked,  How about
you, Kevin?

Boytoy feels like Boytoy has found Boytoy s proper place in life.

Boytoy is very happy and thanks Slut from the bottom of Boytoy s heart for the
opportunity to live this life.  Then I gave my mother a long sensuous kiss and
let my hand drift down to her pubic area and gently caressed it.  As Master
said, we were all sexually spent by now but our relationship had changed so much
since this morning that any show of affection seemed like it should be
accompanied by a sexual caress. Mom wrapped her arms around me and hugged me.
Erin snuggled up against Mom s back and reached around both of us to create a
group hug. We all felt very much at peace. We spent the next hour alternately
dozing and whispering  to each other and kissing and caressing. Master had
managed to create the closest family on earth but maybe that was because he knew
what he was working with.

He walked back in about 5:30 wearing a bathrobe and announced that it was time
for dinner. That meal went pretty much like lunch except we had more to eat. For
hors d'oeuvre we had carrots. Master found the kind that are pre-cut by the
super market. They re about the size and shape of a thumb and rounded on each
end. Each of us had four pushed in our ass holes. When they were in there we
hardly knew it. When it was feeding time, though, they were difficult to get
out. I ate mine from Cunt s rear end. I closed my lips around her asshole and
sucked but to no avail. She had to shit simultaneously and shit she did. While I
was sucking and she was shitting she passed gas and everybody thought that was
hilarious. I noticed, though, that Cunt didn t laugh when Slut farted in her
mouth. Oh, well.

After appetizers we had hot dogs again for the main course. For desert we had
bananas. As you can guess, we did not shove them up our respective asses. Couldn
t be done. They d turn to puree first. Instead, Mom and Erin each shoved a
peeled banana in their vagina. Both Erin and I ate one from Slut s vagina and
Slut ate from Cunt s vagina. We made a fruit drink in the blender and slurped
that out of our bowls. It was enough to fill us up. When dinner was over and the
kitchen was cleaned we three slaves crawled to the bathroom and cleaned each
other up. Then we adjourned back to the family room.

It was a long hard day. The three of us had been properly beaten and managed to
achieve some sensational orgasms. We were back on the cushions in the family
room, relaxing. We had achieved a new intimacy exhibited by the way we were
arranged on the floor. I was on my back with my head on the cushion. Erin was
using my tummy for her cushion and was kissing and licking my cock. I wasn t
completey flaccid but I was not aroused. Mom curled up in the angle made by our
bodies with her head on the cushion next to mine and stroking Erin s rear. Erin
had her back to us. I d kiss Mom and she d reach between Erin s legs and play
with her pussy. We weren t trying to achieve any sexual plateaus, it just felt
good. Master was sitting on the sofa, wearing just his robe. He gave us some
idea of what our future would be.

Every day, slaves, can t be like this one. None of us could stand the pace.
After a week, you three would have hides that looked like something in a butcher
shop. For the majority of our days we will be ordinary people except I shall
always be the Master.  Good.  You can use pronouns and regular names and wear
clothes and call me David and walk instead of crawl and eat at a table instead
at someone s asshole and be regular people. But, when I give the word, you shall
revert to being slaves and behave as you did today. At all times, what I say,
goes. I am always Master. If you have a problem with any of this, that s okay.
Your servitude is voluntary. Any problems?

We all answered simultaneously,  No, Master.

Good,  he replied.  Slave day is over. Let s hear some music.

Kay, why don t you put on Beethoven s Ninth. I think that would be appropriate.

Mom rose from beside me and walked, not crawled but actually walked, to the
stereo and selected the CD. She then walked over to the sofa and curled up
beside David. Erin changed her position and put her shiny cunt in front of my
face. During the entire length of Beethoven s Choral symphony we gently kissed
every part of each other s bodies while Mom and David watched. Starting with my
face in Erin s crotch, and her s in mine, we worked our way down to where we
were face to feet. For twenty minutes we made oral love to each other s feet
while our naked bodies caressed each other. This was not wild sex, though. Just
very peaceful and satisfying intimacy. I admit though, that my independent prick
wasn t totally laying down on the job. By the time the CD was over we had
completed a circuit of our bodies, leaving very little out.

The evening continued in this manner with talk, music and very intimate petting
and kissing, until David said bedtime. We all adjourned to Mom s king size bed.
Big bed, but with four people? Once in it, all naked, we had a group grope. When
sufficiently aroused, I paired with Mom and David paired with Erin. And then we
fucked. It was, in both cases, a slow, deliberate, traditional fuck. Mom and
Erin were on the bottom with knees up and their legs wrapped around their
partner. David and I laid on top and kissed and groped and fucked. At about the
same time all four of us moaned and groaned and spasmed and came. At David s
suggestion, Erin and I adjourned to her queen size bed and then we all fell into
a deep contented sleep. Our first day as a family of slaves was over. The first
day of the rest of our lives. As slaves. We all slept well.



(From stories-online.net: this is all I have)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Unknown


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





