BDSM Library - Wren 19




Wren 19
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Military torture training camp. This is Part 19 of 25 total parts.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

WARNING: This story contains strong themes of coercion and
forced sexual  behavior. It is intended as a work of fiction for
ADULTS only, and the writer  does not in any way suggest or
condone similar behavior. REPOST freely keeping this disclaimer
& By SmCyber Please let me know if you like it / want
more / have any ideas. 

If you enjoy this work, take a moment to e-mail the author.  Your comments
are his only payment.  Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is
copyright with all rights reserved by its author unless explicitly indicated.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> 

Wren

By SmCyber




>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

WARNING: This story contains strong themes of coercion and
forced sexual  behavior. It is intended as a work of fiction for
ADULTS only, and the writer  does not in any way suggest or
condone similar behavior. REPOST freely keeping this disclaimer
& By SmCyber Please let me know if you like it / want
more / have any ideas. 

If you enjoy this work, take a moment to e-mail the author.  Your comments
are his only payment.  Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is
copyright with all rights reserved by its author unless explicitly indicated.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> 

Wren 19 of 25  (Part 1 of 2)  ( Tit torture training section) 

By SmCyber

Two weeks later troubled Frauline Anja Van Almseck and Katrine
Finnigan have been brought together for the first time. Both
have been systematically raped and beaten many teams in the
previous weeks. The rapes and beatings have been perpetrated at
varying times during the days and nights, leaving both women
utterly exhausted and terrified as neither would have ever
thought possible. Under their blue prison smocks their bodies to
an inexperienced eye would appear untouched. But the multiple 
rapes have left countless small bruises and scratches on both of
them. Anja's muscular body looked unchanged until one looked
closely.  Her thick dark hair hid her sex slot but not her arse
hole.  Her anus, has for instance, become severely slack,
slightly open in fact, and is surrounded by the  red angry
membrane of her sphincter as the tiny star of her anus was 
repeatedly sodomised until it is an "O" shape, like a toothless
mouth waiting  for its next meal. She walks most carefully as a
result.   Katrine's blonde cunt hair cannot hide the red,
swollen condition of her sex- again the results of her repeated
rapes.  Her boyish, punk body shows more of the bruises than
Anja's tougher, more muscular body- black and blue bruises
covering her breasts and buttocks  mainly. Both women will
shortly be stripped naked restrained and experimented on by SAS
medics. Each medic needs to be de-sensitised, every medic has a
duel role in the field, medic to the team, inquisitor to the
enemy. Both women now look dramatically different from how they
looked the day they arrived at Hereford, but still the
fundamental differences exist. German terrorist Anja is dark,
muscular and very feminine, mature, angry and despite several
beatings still rebellious. In contrast, the other subject, 
Katrine on the other hand, the one time IRA runner, has blonde
hair, petite boyish looks, she was until her arrival innocent.
Now to avoid pain she has become very submissive and is
definitely no longer a virgin. Being led slowly into the clinic
by their personal guards neither girl lifted her head as they
shuffled into the brightly lit room their feet hobbled by ankle
chains. Aware of a number of people in the room Katrine was the
first to look up. There alongside two black topped tables were
six to eight SAS army medics in long white coats. Anja raised
her head moments later and being five years senior to Katrine
immediately recognised the black topped tables as Gynaecological
examination couches, " ohh no" she moaned silently as her legs
gave way under her. Katrine stared at the prostrate Anja with a
genuinely puzzled look. For a fleeting moment Katrine had
thought she was about to receive Medical treatment. The Dr in
charge of the days practical training section calmly asked for
the collapsed Anja to be lifted and placed onto the right hand
couch and Katrine to be placed on the other. The two guards who
had escorted the girls to the clinic worked as a team and lifted
the still standing Katrine onto her couch and the hysterical
Anja off the floor onto the other. Without waiting for
instructions both soldiers crouched down and removed the ankle
chains off each of the girls feet. As the soldiers
dispassionately removed the chains, the frightened young women 
remained still, their pale faces showing clearly that they were
too frightened  to resist even as the fear of what was to come
clearly showed in their eyes. The guards removed the hand cuffs
before slipping the blue prison smocks over the heads of both
girls. Both girls had to lean forward slightly to allow the rear
of their smock to be pulled out from under their buttocks.
Tossing the smocks casually over a nearby chair the guards
completed their duties by positioning each of the naked girls on
their backs on the couches. Before leaving each guard secured
his girl wrists to a shackle in the couch directly under the
nape of her neck. Each girl now looked as though she was simply
lying casually on the table supporting her head with her hands.
Finally broad leather straps were positioned around each girls
belly to secure them firmly to the couches. As Katrine was being
strapped down, Anja cracked, she began to scream madly, twisting
her body and kicking wildly with her feet. But she had waited
too long to summon the courage to resist.  The chains securing
her hands held her fast no matter how frantically she struggled.
Undisturbed the guards tightened the belly strap firmly around
the parlayed Katrine. Returning their attention to the
hysterical Anja each guard took up a position either side and
parrying the flaying legs with their forearms calmly slipped the
leather strap around her bucking belly. As the soldiers
tightened the strap the girls twisting became less and less
until only  her legs trashed about wildly. Choosing their moment
each guard took hold of one of Anjas ankles and quickly locked
each into a stirrup. Anja lay sweating and screaming, naked as
the day she was born upon the gynaecologists table. Anjas legs
were splayed widely open with her knees bent and her vulnerable
cunt pouting through her feminine hair. Katrine seeing what had
happened to Anja crossed her legs and vainly tried to resist
their immodest opening by the guards. Katrine offered little
resistance to the experienced guards and within minutes her legs
had parted and her ankles had been locked into the stirrups just
like those of the much stronger Anja. Checking each girls bonds
carefully each guard stood back and saluted the Dr. " Thank you
Gentlemen that will be all Dis miss " acknowledged the Dr
sedately, barely looking at the two young guards. Waiting for
the guards to leave the room before continuing Dr Gadfly
strolled between the two naked bound beauties and took in the
smell of their fear as each watched him intently. Katrine was
visibly shaking and summoned enough courage to beg him to let
her go. Anja had started sweating and beads of sweat were
forming above her brow, her muscular body flexed against her
bonds as she vainly struggled for realise. Spreading his arms he
placed a palm on each  girls forehead simultaneously, " Shss
Shss save your strength my little darlings, you have a lot of
screaming to do before you leave here ! "  Now turning his
attention back to his students he said " Today we will move on
to ways of inflicting pain on females using needles" drawing up
a low chair between the widely spread legs of Katrine. "But
first, .... let the dog see the rabbit ............. we need to
have both these ladies shaved, any volunteers ?"  He instructed
the nearest soldier medic to sit down and handing him a razor
and shears asked him to remove Katrines' light private fur.
Drawing up a second chair between Anja legs he arranged for the
next soldier to similarly remove her much darker black  pubic
hair. Both girls begged and screamed as the two medics scraped
away the final covering of their secret openings. Each girl
wincing as her cunt lips were pulled this way and that as the
inexperienced hands struggled to remove all traces of hair.
Finally satisfied with their work each medic stood up to allow
Dr Gadfly a closer look at their first female shearing. " OK
that will do" he said inspecting Katrines pouting red and pink
lips, then standing and moving to the chair between Anjas legs
he lightly parted Anjas arse cheeks to check there as well. " No
that will not do " he firmly but politely explained " Look here
between her anus and penunbreum there are still hairs" The
soldier quickly returned to his seat and parted the muscular
thighs slightly further then with the knuckles of his left hand
spread Anjas cheeks until he could see her anus and swiftly and
carefully removed the final offending hairs. Moving closer Dr
Gadfly took the  opportunity to describe the damage done to the
girls'  sexes by the multiple rapes. " I guess this German lady
will need to be potty trained before she regains control of her
sphincter muscles ? " he gloated, " and  perhaps our little
Irish miss here would really have appreciated a generous supply
of KY jelly last week ! " several medics giggled. " Before
moving on I would like you all to explore a little with your 
fingers and explain to the class what you think has been done to
each cunt, and how much  more abuse each could take ? " Each
medic pulled on a pair of surgical gloves and gave his opinion. 
Satisfied now that each girls cunt was completely bare Dr Gadfly
handed the next two medics bottles of surgical spirit " After
shave the ladies please but ensure that no spirit touches
membrane " he carefully explained as generous helpings of spirit
was rubbed into the freshly shaved skin around and on the outer
labia of the restrained girls. This annointment was greeted by
agonising screams from both girls as the spirit contacted their
raw skin, both thought that her cunt was on fire. " Let them
calm down for a minute" explained Dr Gadfly " I want them fully
aware off what's going to happen to them this evening , the
SLIGHT discomfort they feel now will be nothing to what they are
going to experience in the next three hours" Pitiful screaming
and begging erupted from both young girls soprano entreaties in
an Irish accent from Katrine Finnigan and slightly deeper
begging and pleading with an attractive German lilt from the
larger Frauline Anja Van Almseck. Raising his voice over the
wailing Dr Gadfly turned his attention to Katrine first. " All
female POW's are different and their bodies behave differently "
he said lightly slapping his palm on the girls shaven mons. "
Infection is a problem if you wish to keep her healthy for
further interrogations or if she is simply to be made available
to other soldiers for rape !"  Turning now to Anja " Some girls
have no problem at all, no matter how many piercing they end up
with, their wounds remain clean and healthy, whilst with others
we find that their piercing take a very long time to heal"
Turning back to Katrine and moving up to the far end of the
table he added whilst stroking her short spiky hair "If you find
you are having a problem with a piercing you have two choices
either let the wound fester and withhold treatment until she
breaks or apply salt or acid to the wound to enhance the pain
level" Stepping across to Anja " Pierce wounds which are kept
clean very rarely become infected so you can repeat over and
over again the same process until your victim breaks" Taking
Anjas hair in both his hands and lifting it slightly he added 
"You will find that after you have pierced your victim between
five or ten times the pain level will diminish as her body is
flooded with Adrenaline" pausing to lay her hair back onto the
couch he explained " If time is not a problem you stop piercing
before the Adrenaline takes effect and leave her for an hour or
so, but if as today you wish to keep up the level of pain you
will need to inject your subject with an anti Adrenaline drug
such as this " taking a ampule of a green liquid from his breast
pocket. " Inject 10 millilitres in each girls thigh please " he
said handing the phial to the nearest medic. Each girl
interrupted her wailing and begging momentarily as she felt the
needle slip into the tender skin on the inside of her thigh "
Ahhh Stop Please " Katrine screamed " Stop You Bastards
AGGGGGGGGGGG  !!! " As the young medic cruelly slapped her inner
thigh to bring up a vein before viciously jabbing in the
hypodermic needle. " Now whilst the de sensitising drug takes
effect let me explain , there is a possibility that the
interrogations of certain fanatical female prisoners may take
weeks to complete fully. You are advised to and may wish to
permanently attach into the sensitive skin around the breasts
and vagina electrodes. There are numerous available designs
available from SmCyber which are impossible to remove without
surgery. These constantly remind the prisoner when she is alone
where she will receive electric shocks." Taking from his hip
pocket several packets " These are surgical steel locking rings,
these are barbells both as you can see have electrical
connections. Do not I repeat do NOT fall into the simple trap of
using alligator or crocodile clips directly onto nipples or
clitoris etc. even a strongly sprung clamp has a tendency to
disengage from a frantically bucking sweaty body as the current
hits her " Dr Gadfly passed the open packets around the medics,
each medic  inspecting in detail the contents intently. "Right
the injections should be working now " he explained as he shone
his pocket torch into each of the girls in turn explaining the
significance of the level of iris dilation. " We shall start
with this young lady here, a Miss Katrine Finnigan, an Irish
Terrorist " he said referring to a clipboard." I would like you
sir to push this needle through her left nipple" he said holding
upright a slender hypodermic needle. " Nipple healing time if
you wish to keep you POW for sexual entertainment is rather
variable, usually about two weeks but it may be longer. You may
pierce the nipple in any number of ways but usually it is
pierced horizontally, but you may pierce it vertically or even
diagonally. Care as to the placement of nipple piercing is very
important if you eventually intend to chain your subject by her
nipple rings, say for a whipping or rape." taking a felt marker
pen out of his pocket Dr Gadfly marked up Katrines soft
retracted left nipple " Watch carefully some nipples have a
tendency to twist as they become erect"  Replacing the pen into
his pocket Dr Gadfly gripped Katrines left nipple between finger
and thumb and cruelly twisted and pinched the defenceless
morsel. Katrine screamed out in pain and almost pulled her arms
out of their sockets. Ignoring her pleading totally and
continuing to twist for a full ten seconds before finally
letting go. The squashed whitened nub re inflated slowly
allowing the blood to painfully flood back engorging it and
hardening it  "Yes as you can see this young ladies nipple
twisted about 30 degrees as it hardened, not unusual that." he
explained. " Now moving on you need to know where to puncture
the nipple to cause the maximum amount of pain and humiliation "
moving to one side to allow the medic easy access to Katrines
left breast. Katrine looked on horrified her wrists shackled
behind her neck forcing her head up and her eyes directly onto
her heaving chest as her left breast was taken in by the medics
gloved left hand, squeezed and supported. "It is important that
you pierce through the centre of the nipple, horizontally or
vertically its up to you but I'd like  you chose to do it
horizontally on this occasion to demonstrate and interesting
principle" nodding his agreement the medic tweaked screaming
Katrines left nipple into erection " OK pierce it high and
horizontally" Katrine bucked, begged, creamed, cried and almost
passed out as the medic punctured her delicate tissue with the
needle. " That looks fine from here take a moment to check your
victims pulse and general condition " Dr Gadfly advised as
Katrine screamed wide eyed into space sweat running from her
brow mixing with tears into little streams  "She obviously
didn't  like that one little bit, I think you will agree ! " he
questioned. " You this time ! " pointing, " do the same to her
right nipple but this time pierce low and through the centre "
another medic moved to Katrines right breast and clumsily jabbed
and pricked  at the nipple two times before he succeeded in
accurately aligning  the needle. " That's right hold the teat
firmly and push the needle in, good, slowly now good, watch your
fingers as it comes through, you don't want to prick yourself do
you" he laughed, as Katrine screamed in agony. Taking a few
moments break Dr Gadfly returned to the original purpose of
piercing Katrines nipples differently one high and one low.
Moving to the far end of the gynaecologists couch he found and
turned an adjusting screw which raised the section of table
behind Katrines back. He continued to raise Katrines shoulders
until she sat upright, her ankles still restrained in the
stirrups and her knees now forced into a position under her
arms. Small droplets of blood had formed around the end of each
nipple needle, the stainless steel needles lay perfectly
horizontal because each medic had correctly corrected for the
twisting of each nipple as it hardened. The throbbing pain in
Katrines nipples ensuring their distension. The pain in her
nipples exceeding the discomfort of being forced into a sitting
position, which in turn forced further apart the poor girls
widely spaced thighs. " A little party trick for you, now  watch
carefully, " Taking Katrines', high pierced nipple first  he
slipped onto each end of its needle a   small length of suture
with two loops onto this suture a small but significant weight
was hung, repeating the process on her right low pierced needled
nipple he stood back to admire the transformation.  " There you
see the difference ?  horizontal impalement above the centre
line when weighted makes the nipple point downwards" he
indicated and " a similar horizontal impalement below the centre
line when weighted makes the nipple pout upwards so." Looking at
the puzzled faces of the assembled medics he added quickly " I
don't know of any use for this process but it is interesting
phenomenon don't you think ! " he gloated. Katrines head hung
down as she cried pitifully her head bobbing splashing tears
onto her breasts, tears and sweat trickled over her breasts
forming little droplets which hung under her tortured teats
before dropping still further onto her shaven mons.  " Remember
always puncture through the centre at any angle you chose near
the base where it joins the aureole, here you will find the most
sensitive nerve ends," pausing for thought he added " From time
to time you will  find a prisoner with small or immature
breasts, unlike these ladies here" he smiled. "You would then be
well advised to pierce low here at the root of the nipple"
pointing to a point fractionally below Katrines distended nub.
"Here you will find numerous nerve ends which have yet to
migrate fully into the more mature breast and sufficient
quantity of flesh to painfully restrain the prisoner by her
nipples again for rape or further interrogations." As an added
bonus you may wish to advise your victim that repeated
impalement of her nipples will increase both their size and
sensitivity, through the build up of scar tissue. "The increase
in length will over a period of time afford you additional 
nipple surface to work on ! " Leaving Katrine in her humiliating
painful position staring at  her distended weighted nipples Dr
Gadfly turned his attention to Anja who for the duration of
Katrines perforation had begged constantly for mercy and
release. "Here gentlemen are a firmer more mature pair of
breasts which will require a slightly modified technique, Hmm
from her records she is due her menstrual cycle soon, notice how
her nipples are already hardened, this would also be the case is
she were pregnant or producing milk after childbirth. " he said
as he casually kneaded Anjas fuller breasts. " In these
circumstances the nipples are extremely sensitive  even gentle
fondling can be perceived by the subject as acute pain" taking
Anjas right nipple he rolled it firmly back and forth between
finger and thumb. "AGGGGGGgggggg Stooooooooop Pleeeeeeeeeee"
Screamed Anja her eyes raw her throat horse from screaming. "
Yes ! just as I thought, extremely sensitive today aren't you my
dear ? " he asked smiling into Anjas contorted face. " In
circumstances like these the threat of puncturing her nipples
may be all that is required, failing that, do NOT waste the
opportunity, pierce slowly and often, to take full, I repeat
full,  advantage of the prisoners enhanced sensitivity !" he
advised. " Right who hasn't pierced a nipple yet ?" he asked as
a forest of arms shoot into the air. " Right you four take the
right side and the rest of you take her left, take turns
piercing remember she is highly sensitive so the volume of her
screaming should be higher than you would normally expect ! "
Anja's screams could be clearly heard well outside the clinic as
upwards of ten needles were slowly pressed through each of her
hormone induced tenderised nipples. " Time to move on to genital
piercing, has everyone had a go on the ladies tits ?" asked Dr
Gadfly. " Good if you want to practice later I'll leave both the
girls here OK fine !"

Wren 19 ( End of Part 1 of 2)  

By SmCyber


 >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> 
WARNING: This story contains strong themes of coercion and
forced sexual behavior. It is intended as a work of fiction for
ADULTS only, and the writer does not in any way suggest or
condone similar behavior. Please let me know if you like it and
want more / have any ideas.  

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> 

Wren 19 (Part 2 of 2)   ( Clitoris and labia torture section) 

By SmCyber

Moving again between Katrines legs Dr Gadfly asked " Who would
like to describe this young ladies clitoris ? " A medic stepped
forward and with his gloved hand spread Katrines outer labia.
Then with his forefinger he rubbed Katrines clitoris briefly,
before explaining " Its reasonably well developed Sir, and when
its erect it barely extends past the prepuce that is its hood
Sir,"  Good boy, that's correct. " Who wants to check  the
German ladies button ? " two medics stepped forward, and a
momentary game of musical chairs took place as one failed to sit
between poor Anjas legs. Protected  between her outer labia
lips, the fastest medic, could just make out the pink rounded
head of her clitoris cradled between her crinkled flaps, " This
girls clitoris is well developed Sir, I can see it plainly ! "
he remarked. " Good what about its hood ? Do you think the
clitoris will extend further ? Try it ! " Dr Gadfly probed. The
medic inserted his middle finger between the labia lips and
under the plump pink clitoris and stroked its underside like a
boxer with a speed punch ball.  Anjas body betrayed her, despite
the pain in her pin cushion nipples  her clitoris responded
instantly to its unwelcome attention and inflated. " Well look
at that, what a whopper she has !" grinned Dr Gadfly. Taking a
needle from his lapel, Dr Gadfly quickly scratched each erect
clitoris in turn. Both girls winced instantly, but Katrine
followed her wince with an inhuman scream which betrayed her
sensitivity. Anja gritted her teeth as the unpleasant scratch
failed to reach let alone exceed the pain in her nipples. " Good
Katrine here has the most sensitive clitoris, we will leave that
pretty jewel for later !" he casually remarked. Katrine could
not believe her ears, terror on terror she struggled
unbelieving, she was being so intimately discussed and what was
the Dr going to do to her? Anja closed her eyes and shouted "
Please please pleassssse let me go I can't take any more please
I beg you I beg you I'm begging can't you see I'm begging ...."
Dr Gadfly stroked Anja upper arm gently, " I'm afraid you should
have thought of that before you started blowing up peoples cars
my dear," he sneered, " I've got no sympathy for you, this is
'sort' of revenge,  I suppose, I will release you ! " he paused
.... " But not until I've finished with you, YOU CUNT ! " his
voice increased in volume. Moving between Anjas restrained legs
he turned his attention back to his students. "Probably the most
popular of all female genital piercing is the puncturing of the
inner labia" he explained. " In this area the wounds heal
remarkably quickly, and once open only on very rare occasions do
the openings heal over ! " Pealing back Anja outer labia like
the peel on an orange Dr Gadfly drew the attention of the medics
to the condition of Anjas inner labia. " Looks like this cunt
has been well used !" he smiled before explaining the importance
of accurately locating where to pierce to maximise pain and
discomfort. " Remember inner labia piercing should not be made
to close to the outer edge of your victims lips if you intend to
use the piercing as a way of restraining her." clarifying the
point further Dr Gadfly explained  " As she bucks and twists
under rape or torture her flesh will tear much to easily.
Punctures should be set back from the edge a distance equivalent
at 'least' to the thickness of the flesh ! " Judging the
thickness of Anjas secret flesh between his fingers, he marked a
line in felt pen approximately ten millimetres in from the edge
of both lips. " Pierce any where you like along this line and
your victim will not be able to tear away from your whips, irons
or cocks !" he drew his fingers along the lines to emphasise the
correct alignment.  "You may if you wish pierce any where along
these lines you wish, way down to the bottom and underneath,"
pausing to press his forefinger above Anjas distended anus, "
you should also know that the lower you pierce the more painful
the wounding and the more uncomfortable the wounds will feel
when ringed and the subject is forced to SEXERCISE with SmCyber
or to simply walk ! " Moving back to make room Dr Gadfly invited
the medics to practice pushing needles through Anjas inner
labia. Anja twisted and pulled every muscle in her well muscled
body to avoid the approaching needles. Dry throated her screams
sounded like rasping groans as at least thirty needles
perforated both her inner labia. Turning back to Katrine whilst
the students prodded and pricked at Anjas defenceless cunt Dr
Gadfly gently rubbed Katrines outer labia together to stimulate
blood flow and plump them up. Katrine like Anja had been
screaming, crying and begging for nearly two hours her throat
was also horse, her eyes vacant her body soaked in sweat.
Turning her face to her tormentor she shook her head and mouthed
a silent " No more " This did not go un-noticed by the Dr who
simply winked and blew her a kiss. Katrines arms, nipples, legs
and ankles ached painfully. Deciding that the medics had
practised enough on poor Anjas cunt he called them around to
witness the next stage of Katrines impalement. By now Katrines
pink lips had engorged and changed to a rosier red complexion.
Each lip had delicately moved back slightly to expose the soon
to be discovered super sensitive clitoris." I want two
volunteers to stitch open this ladies outer labia ? " asked Dr
Gadfly, immediately two medics stepped forward and took up
station either side of Katrines hips. Handing the nearest medic
a spool he continued,  " The same basic rules apply to outer
labia as do inner labia, but you will find the tissue marginally
less sensitive and  generally slightly thicker, so you should be
able to stitch closer to the lip edge " Dr Gadfly advised
carefully. " OK take a flap each and stitch in three lengths of
suture, one at the top, one in the middle and finally one down
the bottom, use sticking plaster to tape the sutures to the top
of her leg, draw the sutures taut then drawl open her lips and
tie off !" he instructed. Smiling quietly to himself, " OK you
two do the same to the German lady !" pointing to two medics.
Both women still hysterical, were shouting, screaming, begging,
crying, all at the same time every manner of promise was being
made, at one stage Dr Gadfly had to raise his voice to be heard
as one team got their sutures in a tangled mess. On the black
gynaecologists tables little pools of tears and sweat which had
run off the faces and bodies of the two women formed in small
puddles. When the slower team had finished opening Katrines lips
they stood back at waited for further instructions. Katrine half
sitting her wrists behind her head looked down between her
pierced nipples at her blatantly exposed prepuce. She had tried
to keep her eyes firmly shut as each of the six needles pierced
her outer labia, but the excruciating pain and the tension in
her lips as they were being drawn open forced open her eyes as
well. Anja lay with her wrists firmly locked behind her neck,
her eyes remained open throughout the piercing she stared at the
ceiling and screamed " No Please No AGhhhhhhh Please No " as
each of the six needles went in. Satisfying himself that each
clitoris and its hood was now easily accessible, Dr Gadfly sat
himself on the chair between Anjas legs. Producing a pack of
semi circular needles he demonstrated how to pierce Anjas hood
"Gentlemen providing that the hood of your victims clitoris is
reasonably well developed, like this whoppers sheath !" he
smiled, " you will be able to pierce it either horizontally or
vertically like so " taking Anjas clitoral hood between his
fingers he tugged it painfully away from the plump clitoris
leaving a one or two millimetre opening. Then taking the half
round needle in his other hand he slipped carefully, the point
of the needle up between the front of the poor girls clitoris
and the distended hood. Pausing momentarily before pushing the
needle fully through he added, " Look here, now, carefully, as I
press lightly you can see the thin skin move under the point,
you can adjust how far up the hood you want the puncture to be,
I have found the optimum distance to avoid tearing if you
restrain her at this point would be one and half times the
thickness of her clitoris from the edge." Anja continued to
scream wildly, " Watch carefully her face as I press the needle
through !" All eyes watched Anjas reaction as the Dr  pierced,
her eyes rolled and a roar erupted from her throat " I think you
will all agree that caused her the most pain so far ?" Anjas
roaring continued to beg as did her groans as the combined pain
in her nipples and cunt  raked through her ravaged body.
Standing and moving back to Katrine, the Dr took up station
between her legs. " Now as you saw earlier Gentlemen, this young
lady has an extremely sensitive button ! " The Dr rubbed the
small pink nub lightly round and round with his middle finger. "
There it is " he explained as her little love spot erected. "
Now here you can see a difference in the two women's anatomies,
there is very little hood available for piercing on this one so
we shall concentrate our efforts on her clitoris." Katrines
tears were burning her eyes, she could hardly make out the
medics faces but she could hear clearly what was being proposed.
" NO  MORE  please for Christ's sake please no more, let me go I
want to go home, I want to go home please ?" she wailed.
Ignoring her cries the Dr lay two semi circular needles on
Katrines upper thigh, " now again watch very carefully her face
as this time I puncture her clitoris !" he instructed. Then
taking hold of her clitoris between finger and thumb the Dr
pushed one of the curved needles through it vertically , Katrine
had never felt pain like this in all her life her body went
rigid as wave after wave of pain flooded through her young body,
it was all of five seconds before she exploded
"AGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG" Waiting for the initial scream to die down
the Dr observed " The pain she has just received is without
doubt the worst she has ever experienced in her short life, I
will do it to her again in a few moments but first I must tell
you  that the horizontal piercing I am about to perform is even
more severe, In fact if you chose to put a ring through a
horizontal piercing it will continue to be uncomfortable for her
even after the original wound heals." Dr Gadfly performed the
horizontal piercing a few minutes later when Katrines screams
abated somewhat. Katrines bladder evacuated and a golden stream
of urine flushed over the Drs gloved hands as he completed the
process. " AGGGGGGGGGGGG " she screams. "It is ironic that this
method of piercing is erotically stimulating if performed  with
pain killers, I have heard that some women were unable to orgasm
during intercourse until they wore a clitoral ring, I'm sure
when you complete your training you may wish to try this out on 
these women ?" he observed smiling before standing and moving to
the door. " That now gentlemen concludes the formal instruction
if you wish to practice on these ladies please feel free to do
so, but I advise you the sensitising medication will only last
for about another hour " Katrine and Anja heard the word ' HOUR
' and jointly screamed "NOOOOOOOOOOOO" As the good Dr left the
medics to practice their new skills. 

Wren 19 (End of Part 2 of 2)  
By SmCyber  







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  SmCyber


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





