BDSM Library - Revenge or The Price of Arrogance




Revenge or The Price of Arrogance
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An arrogant married couple finally make the mistakes necessary for their downfall. The story is of their ruin.
This is my first story written from the male perspective. I do not know if it is
as good as my others but hope the readers find it enjoyable.

This story is written for adults and should only be read by individuals over the
age of 18.

Revenge or The Price of Arrogance:




Revenge or The Price of Arrogance:

    Blair and I always joked that her hot-tempered personality would get her in
trouble some day.  That she might piss someone off enough that she'd receive
some kind of repercussions that might come back to haunt her though never really
occurred to us.   I suppose it's my fault too.  We were both aggressive success
driven individuals.  Not only that but we also lived either at or beyond our
means. Our motivation was to be the best we could be in our chosen fields and
often would do whatever was necessary to achieve that.

Looking back on it I think it was inevitable that sooner or later we would get
ourselves in trouble.  Though I guess you could say that we both had a hand in
setting up the scenario that you're about to read about neither of us
anticipated this, we were after all invincible.  Some people might find it hard
to believe that a couple could get themselves in such a situation . . . but then
again sometimes you are blind to the fact that people do want to get even.

Our sex life was exciting but not overly erotic in the least. Never did I in my
wildest fantasies think that it would end up being as an extreme situation as
which was about to unfold  . . . more than even I could imagine. So here I am
telling everyone that my dear wife Blair, who I love very deeply, because of
some ill timed mistakes on her part and mine, suddenly finds herself being
placed in a very humiliating, embarrassing and sexually perverted situations.

The Restaurant and the Chance Meeting: 

   Yes, my wife Blair is a spirited 31 year old.  Perhaps it's her driven
personality that is embodied in her red hair but I figure it was just as much
the need to be in charge that she had that caused her spirited emotions.   With
an above average looking body of 36c-30-35, lightly freckled face and stunning
green eyes, Blair quite often drew the attention of male stares.  She knew it
and so did I she was a knock out but we both always had the arrogant attitude of
"eat your heart out fools." It wasn't till that fateful night that we were in
our favorite Italian restaurant that I finally realized just how many other men
and women where bent on bringing us both down and lengths to which they would
go.

  We had just finished our evening dinner and were getting ready to pay our
Denis and head home to a night of fulfilling sex. We flirted all night dancing
around what we were going to be doing rather soon.

    Suddenly a large roar from one of the other tables jarred us out of our
quiet conversation.   We peered over towards the other side of the restaurant
and noticed that it was coming from a table in which Mike McKee and some friends
were sitting at.  Mike was a 43 yr old sales manager at the same pharmaceutical
company that I worked at.  Mike had been king of the hill till I joined the
company about two years ago and since had never beaten my sales figures.  The
rumor at the company was I was going to be replacing him as Executive Vice
President of Sales.  I let him know every opportunity I had that I was better
than him and was going to take his job.  My mind games worked to perfection as
the more I got into his head the worse he did.

Blair looked over towards the noisy table in disgust; she didn't care much for
Mike or his prissy wife Lorna.  In fact Blair and Lorna had a confrontation one
day not long ago in Nordstrom's.  Blair was the store VP and was up for
promotion to District Manager.

My Blair happened to be in the shoe department when Lorna had brought back two
pairs of shoes that obviously been worn at least once.

The store policy is to be accommodating to customers but Blair's dislike for the
prissy woman came out and she had Lorna explain in front of the other customers
why she was returning used shoes. Blair gave her money back but it was very
embarrassing for Lorna to have to admit the shoes she was returning had been
worn.  Lorna was a preferred customer at Nordstrom's and there was never really
any doubt as to Blair allowing the return. As Lorna was leaving the department
Blair made the comment that she did not understand how someone from a 'well to
do family' would have to lie to get a few dollars back? The other employees
laughed and Blair added for good measure that Lorna should be called the "used
shoe lady" the next time she came in.

When Blair told me about what happened we both laughed at Lorna's embarrassment
at her hands.

   It was for those reasons that it surprised both of us when the waitress
walked over to our table and informed us " Mr. McKee requests that you join them
at their table".  Just as we were declining the invite to the waitress, Mike
strolled up behind us and in a boisterous voice insisted that we join him and
his friends.  To avoid embarrassment and a large scene at our favorite
restaurant we reluctantly agreed.

   Blair sat down between Lorna and another one of the wives.  I was about to
sit down, when Mike grabbed me by the arm and led me over towards the bar. 
"Come on Denis, you can help me get a round of drinks.  What does that lovely
wife of yours like by the way?"

I sheepishly replied that she liked rum and orange juice as we stood by the bar
awaiting the drinks.  Mike suddenly leaned over and quietly stated, "So Denis,
does Blair know how much you have dropped you're your bookie this football
season?

With a startled look I quickly replied "No", I was confused on how Mike McKee
knew about my misfortune. Mike gave a me a sly grin and a wink as he continued;
"Yeah we just happen to use the same bookie and when we were talking he
mentioned he may have to "get physical" with one of his clients."

The one rough spot in our otherwise perfect marriage was my propensity to
gamble. Blair and I had quite a few arguments over it and I had promised her I
would not bet this season.  Unfortunately for me not only did I break my promise
but had lost close to $15,000.  I had not figured out how to come up with the
money and I knew Donny was seriously considBlairg measures to get me to start
paying down the debt.

"Don't worry though I do you a favor and told Donnie that we are "good friends"
and paid your marker. So now you owe me buddy".  I stood there with a stunned
look until I finally replied, "Well thanks Mike, I'll get you paid off as
quickly as possible".   Mike started paying for the drinks as he turned towards
me, "Hey no problem Denis, you're gonna start paying me back tonight in fact!" 
I once again was taken back by the conversation and slowly stammered out, "Wh ..
What do you mean?"

"Donnie told me he had doubts about you and offered to help out collecting,
seems you may have rubbed him the wrong way. Har to believe huh."

   Mike McKee then slowly turned around at the bar and glanced towards the table
as he collected his thoughts, "Well Denis my man, I've always considered your
wife Blair to be one little sex pot.  Just look at her over there, beautiful
wavy shoulder length red hair, pouty lips, beautiful green eyes and a great body
too for a woman her age . . . how old is she know Denis?"  I without thinking
immediately replied "35 Mike" as I looked at my wife as Mike continued.  "Yeah
she's a beauty, I love the outfit she has on tonight by the way" big sturdy Mike
stated nonchalantly.  I once again peered over and had to agree that Blair did
look captivating tonight in the black high heels, short black skirt and a white
silk blouse that she was wearing.  "Any ways Denis as I was saying, I've always
thought Blair was a real little sex pot and tonight you're gonna help me seduce
your wife buddy!"

  I was momentarily stunned as what said sunk in.  "I can't do that
Mike, I won't do it!" I exclaimed back at him.  The arrogant bastard just peered
at me with a cold stare as he responded, "You can do it Denis and you will do
it, unless you want me to break the news to your pretty wife that you've lost
all your savings gambling again.  I'm also sure your pretty wife will take care
of you after I tell Donnie to visit you and get MY money. Face it Denis, I can
ruin you if I wish or you can play along with me and save your marriage . . .and
your legs, perhaps by the night is over you may  even get some of those losses
back if you co operate fully.  Come on, lets get these drinks back to our table
. . . I'm sure you'll make the right decision on this Denis old buddy!"

  I was virtually numb as we walked back to the table, I looked at Blair as I
passed where she was sitting and gave her a feeble smile as she looked my way. 
She rolled her eyes and gave me a "let's get out of here look."

I felt so terrible at what I was about to do, but also knew that I had no other
choice if hoped to save our relationship.  I figured the worse it could be was
Mike McKee might grad few free feels of my wife, maybe a kiss or two and that'd
be it.  In fact I had always had an urge to see Blair with another man in the
past, it was too bad that it wouldn't be someone besides slightly over weight,
obnoxious Mike . . . but oh well, perhaps this wouldn't turn out that bad I
thought.  Little did I know Mike McKee's true plans and how far he intended to
go with my wife.  The further I went along with his plan, the further I would
find myself trapped in his blackmail clutches.   I also didn't realize that Mike
had a secondary attack with his plan, which would accelerate the situation that
Blair was about, find her self in.



Mikes Plan and the Car Ride: 


   Mike McKee and his friends were more than generous in buying Blair and myself
drinks at the restaurant, if I hadn't consumed quite as many of the freebies I
might have been able to see what was unfolding.  Blair, who was only a social
drinker, seemed to be slightly under the influence and had been talking to Lorna
and the other two wives most of the night and seemed to be getting along okay
with the older women. 

After a hour or so, Mike decided we should move to the back room where the newly
renovated bar was situated.  Blair and I tried to convince him that we should be
heading home, but he would have nothing of the such.


   Before I knew what was happening, the burly E.V.P of sales was pulling my
wife's chair back and taking her by the hand to the bar.  The rest of the group
fell in behind and followed Mike and Blair towards the bar, I noticed though
that as we got to the door of the bar that Lorna and the other three wives
reached out and took my wife's hand. The four women boxed Blair in and began
talking to her. The smile on Blair's face disappeared and she looked extremely
uncomfortable.  Lorna told her they would be back and then turned right instead
of left into the bar and exited the restaurant.

I queried Mike's friend Tom Scott as to where the other wives were going, asking
why they weren't coming with us.  Tom, who is a very influential man within the
community that we had gotten to know from several fund raisers Blair and I
attended, reassured me that the ladies were just going over to the convenience
store to get some items.  Although a little concerned, I had no choice but to
follow the group into the bar.

He then challenged Blair to a game of billiards and told her she should have
some fun the nights her husband finally takes her out for an evening.  He then
gave me a cold stare, as he bellowed, "Isn't that right Denis?"  Realizing what
response he wanted and what trouble might be caused if I didn't answer
correctly, I quickly replied "Yeah that's right Mike".

As my eyes became accustomed to the darkened bar, it was evident that not many
people knew of the new back room establishment yet as it was quite empty.  As
Mike handed Blair a pool cue, the other three men and I sat on bar stools nearby
and I surveyed the remaining members of our group.  There was Tom Scott, a
40-year-old close friend of Mike McKee's, who bought and sold commodities.  Tom
was probably among the wealthiest men in town.  Sitting next to Tom was Richard
Ingram, another well to do member of the community, Richard was 46 yrs old and
owned his own accounting firm. Blair knew him from Nordstrom's, as his firm was
an affiliate that helped on the Nordstrom's audit.   The last one of the group
was Mike's best friend, Scottie Miller a 38 year-old from out west somewhere.  
So there we were, my wife and my business rival playing billiards with three of
his close male associates leBlairg over my wife . . . and me.

I should have suspected something was up, when after an hour and a half the
other wives had yet to return. I suddenly had a bad feeling about the whole
situation, especially since over the next hour or two the four men were more
than generous at buying Blair and I drinks.  I had a bad feeling with Blair
being the only female in the room but with the leverage Mike had all I could do
was sit on my stool and cheer Blair on whenever she made a good shot which as
the alcohol took effect became less frequent. I also noticed she was stumbling a
bit as she became more drunk that sober.

Eventually, Richard and Scottie took on Mike and Blair in a doubles game. It
would be much later, that I would find out that it was at this point that Mike
McKee had just sprung the second half of his blackmail scheme against my wife
and I.

I was very surprised at how Blair had generally warmed up to Mike McKee, she had
always stated her dislike for the man often publicly at company functions . . .
but now, here she was letting him rub up against her, hug her and be quite
playful. I also couldn't help but notice how the other three men also made
themselves, more than friendly with my wife. 

When Richard made the comment that this is too boring playing for fun let's make
it more interesting I got a lump in my throat. The three men decided to play for
$500 a game, $250 a person. I knew I only had about $75 in my wallet and would
not be in a position to cover Blair's part of the bet.

"Hey Denis buddy we don't want your money, your just a spectator besides you
have a bit of gambling problem" was Mike's response when I started to voice
concern about the size of the bet.

Blair had a worried look on her face but offered absolutely no protest. Later I
found out why.

They asked Blair if she had the cash to cover her wager and when she said she
didn't but offered to write a check they all laughed at her.

You look like you have a pretty sweet smelling pussy so tell you what honey, if
you and Mike lose you give us your panties win and your up $250 for the next
game.

Even in the darkened bar I could see Blair was blushing and embarrassed.

Hey Denis is that right does your wife have a seet smelling pussy Mike asked
loudly enough that the other three men that had wandered in turned to watch.

Knowing what answer he expected I sheepishly replied she sure does.

Blair was just standing alone the thought running through her mind was what the
women had told her. My wife had inflated the sales at the store to earn her
bonus, the bonus we spent on a weeks vacation to Paris, and Richard has found
out during the audit. Rather than turn her in he told his wife Samantha who told
Lorna and Mike who then had everything they needed to bring my wife down a bit.
They told her they knew and if she did not go along with what ever fun the boys
wanted then Richard was going to make the case she had committed fraud and not
only would she lose her position as VP but he would also push for criminal
charges to make an example of her.




With really no choice Blair broke to start the game as I could only sit and
watch.

Mike and Blair got smoked and he gladly peeled of his $250.  Blair started to
move towards the lady's room when Scottie told her no way and take them off
here.  Blair looked over at me and I don't know why but I said a bets a bet.  I
could see tears well up as she pulled her skirt up a bit and reached under to
pull her panties down. Once they were below her knees she let them drop to the
floor. Mike had wandered over and put is arm around her waist to let her step
out of them.  I saw him grab her butt as she bent to pick them up causing her to
jump.

She started to toss them to Scottie who told her Mike handed the money over so
she should do the same thing. With her head hanging she walked around the table
and handed her black satin, lace trimmed panties to Mike's good friend.

Scottie put them up to his nose and took a long whiff.  OH BABY you are a sweet
smelling little thing!  He gave them to Richard who did the same thing.  Before
I knew it they were being passed around the bar so everyone could smell. I was
defeated and could just stand there dejected and wiped a tear away.

   I started into my encouraging speech by telling Blair that I was

Hey don't worry Blair we'll get them the next game. Mike offered her false
encouragement as we both knew he had no intention of winning and she was not
good enough to win on her own.

A few minutes later my wife was pulling her blouse out of her skirt and was
unbuttoned her blouse as she had lost her bra. She was never an exhibitionist
and turned around so her back was facing all the guys. This caused loud
complaints and catcalls. "Well I am glad your wife does have at least SOME
modesty Mike shouted over the catcalls to me. All I could do was shrug my
shoulders.

She had her blouse off and was still, in spite of the comments and pressure to
turn around keeping her back to everybody. I couldn't understand why she was
going along so willingly with her humiliation.  I knew though I had no choice.

She had on a white under wire demi-cup bra that accented her 36C breasts
tremendously. She put her hands on the front clasp to undo it when Richard who
was standing closest to her moved next to her and put his hands on her shoulders
and twisted her around to face the room of leBlairg men.

The men all let out a cheer, and I heard several "great tits" as the suddenness
of the turn did not stop her from undoing the clasp.  Richard's hands slid down
to her elbows to pin her arms at her sides so she could not cover her breasts.
My wife really has beautiful breasts with small areoles and nice small nipples
like erasers.

After everyone had a good long look Richard let her go and she grabbed her
blouse to cover herself. The manager who we knew from our frequent visits came
in to see what all the noise was and was watching as Blair was exposed came over
to her and told her that if she wanted to strip go to a strip club because he
was not going to get in trouble over her lewdness.
  
"Yeah your right Tony, we'll take the tramp someplace else for fun but first we
are going to have a few for the road" Mike told him.

Blair started to button her blouse when Mike whispered something to her. She
nodded okay and rather than button it she just tied the ends together. Though
the white material my wife's breasts were very obviously exposed.

We spent the next hour or so at the bar where Blair was told to change from her
rum and orange juice to shots of tequila. After three my wife was well on her
way to being drunk.   Over the next hour or so, I watched as the four men and
several other patrons touched, fondled, groped and kissed inebriated my wife. I
just sat in shame and pounded every drink put in front of me as they
provocatively, suggestively and explicitly talked to her but mostly to each
other about her . . . loud enough that I was able to hear.  They also continued
to feed Blair shots, which without hesitation she continued to consume. Liquid
courage was what it was called. At one point Mike McKee walked over to my wife,
pulled her blouse away from her body and peered down the front.  "Oh my, what a
lovely set of melons" he boldly announced to his friends.  I knew there was a
serious problem when all Blair did was giggle and turn a slight shade of red
from embarrassment, but made no effort to prevent Mike.

   I had to sit and accept the four men's derogatory remarks, since they all
knew Mike had me in a position of vulnerability.  "Gee Denis, I think Blair
needs some good macho male attention" Tom Scott commented to me.  "Do you
suppose she'd flash her pussy at us?" Scottie Miller asked me.  I worked hard to
control my emotions to their suggestive talk.  I finally watched in horror as
Mike cornered Blair against the wall and pressed his body against hers . . .
pulling open her blouse and exposing her milky breasts to all of us. Everybody
hooted their approval, while I tried to hide my face in shame.

   Getting up a little nerve, I slowly walked over to where Blair and Mike were
and calmly stated to Mike that perhaps it was time for Blair and I to go home,
since his game had gone on long enough. While still squeezing my drunken wife's
one tit, Mike clearly let me know who was in charge.  "Denis, you and Blair
aren't going fuck'in anywhere except where we want you to go . . . So go and
fuck'in sit down and shut up!".  In a defeated state I returned to my chair and
prepared myself for the worse.

    After several more drinks Mike finally decided it was time to move on as we
headed out to get into his big Lincoln.  Blair was placed in the front seat
between Mike and Richard, while I had to sit in the rear between Scottie and Tom
Scott. Although I couldn't see the action in the front seat, I could easily
surmise from the way Blair was uncomfortably wiggling around that Mike or
Richard . . . perhaps even both were fondling her body. Several blocks from the
restaurant, Mike's demeanor suddenly changed
. . . it was if he suddenly decided he wanted to have some perverse fun with his
new toy.  He pulled the Lincoln up in front of a convenience store around the
corner from where we lived and told Blair he wanted her to go in and get a few
things. "Blair baby, it's time for you to do a little work for Mikie. Go in the
store and pickup a 12 pack of beer, a pack of big cigars, get a nice size
cucumber, a banana and chocolate syrup . . . oh and also a pack of condoms. 
Blair looked at the burly driver in disbelief the list seemed to sober her up
some, "I can't get all that stuff Mike . . . why do you want me to get it?".  

Mike gave my wife a dissatisfied look and repeated, "You are going in there
Blair.  You are my personal tramp for this evening, your husband has okayed it
and I want you to go into that store and get the items I requested. Oh and also
loosen that knot, I want that young male sales clerk to be able to see those
tit's of yours!"  From the back seat I pleaded, "Mike please don't".  But before
I finished my sentence, I was elbowed I n the ribs by Scottie sitting on my left
"Shut up Denis, Mike's in charge here!"

   Blair slowly made her way out of the car and hurried into the store, although
it was now 10 o'clock at night there was still quite a few people around.  I
noticed an elderly pair of ladies leaving the store give Blair a rude stare and
say something.  From the way Blair hung her head I could only imagine how
derogatory it was.

My wife quickly collected up all the items and set them on the check out
counter.  From outside in the car I could see the young male clerk having
difficulty keeping his mind and eyes off Blair's exposed chest; the four men in
the car were chuckling and making rude comments.  The worst part was I
recognized the boy as he lived only four doors down form us. Even from the car I
could tell that Blair's face was a deep shade of red from the embarrassing
moment she had been placed in.

I came to the conclusion that for some reason Mike McKee wanted to make this a
painful and humiliating evening for both Blair and myself.  Yet the part that
baffled me even more was the fact that I had developed a huge hard on as I
listened to these men embarrass and degrade my wife.  I desperately tried to
hide the increasing bulge in my trousers, but as my luck continued . . . Tom
Scott sitting next to me immediately noticed it and felt compelled to share his
observation.

"Hey Mike look at this, Denis boy here is getting a woody from this" he
announced out loud followed by a laugh.  My heart sank as the other three roared
and giggled also.  "Well Tom, that doesn't surprise me at all" Mike McKee
stated, "From what I have found out he is a bit of a wimp and full of bullshit
bravado. It's only natural for a passive guy like Denis to get off on having a
bunch of macho, domineBlairg guys like us use his most prized procession . . .
his pretty little wife.  Isn't that right Denis?"  I sat silently in the back
seat, unwilling or unable to respond to his sharp remark.  After a minute of
silence Mike chuckled, "Well don't you worry Denis my man, we'll make sure that
you have a boner all night as you watch us have fun with your wife".

As we waited for Blair to return to the car the four men continued to taunt me
as they vividly expressed their favorite attributes of Blair.   The nicer
comments were that they loved her red hair and her great looking green eyes, how
sharply dressed she was as it showed her fire and pride and how much fun it was
seeing her knocked down a bit. Their comments though soon got cruder. "Look at
that great ass" Richard stated as he watched her bend over to pick up the case
of beer.  Yeah and I like her thin pouty lips, I imagine they feel great wrapped
around your cock hey Mike" Scottie piped up.  "I want to a chance to suck those
great nipples and squeeze her tit's" Tom Scott added. Mike just grinned as he
turned around and looked me in the eye, "Be patient gents, be patient. All good
things come to those that wait!"  I looked at him and though I knew immediately
Blair's humiliation was far from over had no idea just how far.

   "Ah here comes our lady" Mike announced as Blair exited the store, the knot
in her blouse had almost come undone from her exertion at carrying the beer and
other items and in her haste to leave the store she did not notice it exposing
almost her complete breasts. I noticed that her eyes were slightly teary as she
entered the car. I think she too had to know that this was only the beginning. 

"Very good Blair, you got everything. Now I want Richard to place this over your
eyes" he said with a grin as he pulled out a cloth blindfold.  Blair stammered,
"Why, Mike why are you doing this".  Richard just went about tying the cloth
tightly around Blair's head, once done Mike with a look of satisfaction in a
hush tone said "Now remove the blouse Richard".  Blair turned her head in the
direction of Mike's voice, "Please, no!" she asked.  To no avail her top was
soon removed and she sat with her breasts exposed in the front seat of the
Lincoln. I could hear a little sob come from her, and then Mike spoke again.
"Now stop that Blair, we're not going to hurt you. We're just going to have a
little fun tonight. So lighten up!"  The beer she had bought was passed around
to us all including her and Mike's fun had entered a new phase.

With everybody in place, Mike pulled the car back out onto the street.  Barely
out of the parking lot, Tom Scott reached from the backseat and ran his hand
down my wife's shoulder letting come to rest on her exposed tit.  Blair
shuddered slightly from the sudden touch, but relaxed slightly as Tom began
lightly caressing it.  "Oh Blair, you have great tit's baby!" Tom sated in a
hush tone as he continued rubbing one then the other "You should be proud of
them . . . show them off sweetie!"  

As Tom continued touching my wife, he would occasionally glance towards me . . .
to see the expression on my face and then to grin and motion to my impending
hard on.  Beyond her control, I could hear Blair moan slightly as Tom squeezed
her nipples between his fingers.   Mike noticing how Blair was reacting to Tom's
actions spoke up, "Blair, I want you to pull your skirt up now and begin rubbing
your pussy!  It's getting hot and wet isn't it?"  I was flabbergasted that Mike
would say such a thing to another man's wife, but even more stunned to hear my
wife respond weakly "Yes, it is".  Was it really or was she just telling him
what he wanted to hear?

Although the three of us in the backseat couldn't see her actions, I noticed
that Richard in the front seat was watching with great delight as Blair hiked up
her skirt and guided her hand down between her legs. "No, no I shouldn't Mike! 
It's humiliating" my wife whimpered slightly.  "It's fine Blair, go ahead . . .
It's fine isn't for your wife to do this, right Denis?" Mike grinned in the rear
view mirror as he drove.  Before I had a chance to answer, I felt Tom Scott grab
my newly formed hard on and squeezed it as he spoke "It's okay isn't it Denis?"  
In a pain stricken tone I replied  "Yes . . . yes, it's alright!"   I had now
given my wife permission to masturbate in the front of the car . . . with her
breasts exposed completely  . . .while four men watched lustfully. My heart sank
and the men laughed when she meekly uttered "Why Denis?"

I could hear my wife moan as her fingers first touched the sensitive area
between her legs.  I could only assume or wanted to convince myself that she was
not enjoying this but that she was still buzzed enough to not fully appreciate
the extent of how she was humiliating herself.

She had allowed her head to lean back against the front seat and thus
unknowingly had allowed the passengers in the back a better view of her motions.  
Tom continued rubbing Blair's tits and it became quite apparent that she was
beginning to lose herself in her lust, when she was jolted back to reality by
Mike's sudden comment.  "Oh shit, I guess I'd better get some gas in this
beast!" he blurted out "There's a gas station!" Blair quickly pulled herself up
and even though she couldn't see anything because of the blindfold, she tried to
prepare herself for the stop.  

Mike wasn't about to allow my wife any dignity though as he in an angry tone
snapped at her "Did I tell you to stop Blair?" My now timid and somewhat
defeated wife replied, "No Mike, you didn't" in a sheepish tone.  Mike shone
another evil grin to his buddies as he pulled into the gas station "Well then
get that skirt back up and start playing with that wet cunt of yours Blair".

I was stunned that this man would speak to my wife in such a vulgar tone and
even more amazed to see my wife quickly obey his demand, as she raised up her
skirt once more and again began rubbing her puss.  Mike McKee leaned towards the
window as the gas attendant came out of the garage, "Mr. McKee what can we do
for ya?" the older man inquired.

"Hi there Bert, just fill her up" Mike replied as he watched with amusement
while the older gas server peered in and saw my wife.  "Ah.... Okay, sure Mr.
McKee!" he said as he took a good long glance at the half naked female sitting
between Mike McKee and Richard Ingram.  I could hear a couple of chuckles within
the car, plus Blair quietly comment "Oh my God, who is it Mike . . . do I know
him?". She did as we like the store frequently stopped here also but I could not
say anything to alert her to where we were. Bert the gas attendant then took a
deliberate approach to cleaning the Lincoln's windshield, making sure he got a
good long view of the lady in the front seat.

The free show finally came to an end as the car was filled up and Bert once
again poked his head inside the window to get his money.  As Mike handed him a
twenty he could see the interest the old gas attendant had in Blair, "So how do
you like our friend here Bert?" Mike asked.  The gas jockey broke into a huge
grin, "She's an attractive woman Mr. McKee, how come she has that blindfold on
though?". 

Mike laughed as he continued chatting away as if it was a normal situation that
we were in, "Well Bert, this lady is our entertainment for the night" he
chuckled.  "She loves to show off and loves playing the part of a tramp, don't
you Blair honey?" Mike sarcastically asked. I saw the attendants eyes light up a
bit at the mention of my wife's name. "Hey Mr. McKee she looks a bit familiar"
he commented.

After a brief minute and a poke in the ribs from Richard, Blair realized it was
her duty to play along.  With a slight whimper she responded, "Yes, I like being
a tramp" Mike McKee once again grinned from ear to ear as he knew he had my wife
in a position of control, "She is a pretty thing though Bert, here let me show
you.  Blair close your eyes and don't open them my little tramp".  Mike McKee
then went about removing the blindfold temporarily so Bert the gas attendant
could see his prize.  "Oh yes Mr. McKee he said with a grin She is a beautiful
woman to be honest though she sure looks different now then when she comes in
for gas" Blair keeping her eyes tightly closed let out a slight moan and dropped
her head at being recognized.

Bert remarked with praise, little did he know that I was sitting in the back
seat of the car.  "Yeah she is and take a look at these tit's Bert" Mike
continued his spectacle as he pulled open Blair's blouse to reveal her now very
perky breasts.  "Aren't they great?" he said with great satisfaction, Bert
almost in a trance now simply nodded in agreement.

Mike's next comment caused a stir within the car, particularly from Blair and
myself.   "Well Bert for doing such a nice job on the windshield how would you
like to feel those nice firm titties?" Mike calmly stated as he replaced the
blindfold over my wife's eyes. From the rear seat I could hear Blair say in a
hushed tone, "Please Mike, no!".  Bert's eyes lit up, "Really, would you let me
do that Mr. McKee?"  Sure I am positive the tramp doesn't tip you when she comes
in so consider this a tip long over due."

As the gas attendant stood with anticipation, Mike leaned over and whispered in
my wife's ear . . . I'm not sure what he said, but it was only a second later
that I was once again taken back by her reaction.  Mike reaffirmed to Bert that
it was okay, "Oh yeah Bert, in fact my little tease wants you to touch them
don't you Blair baby?".  A muffled response came from Blair in front of me, "Yes
. . . please feel my tits . . . I like to have them played with!" A heard Blair
sniffle as her humiliation was growing. 

The enthused attendant wasted no time reaching in across Mike McKee to get a
free feel, "Nice and full aren't they Bert?  Go ahead pinch the nipples, you
like them pinched don't you Blair dear?" Mike commented as he continued his fun. 
My wife reluctantly replied, "Yes I do Mike." The elderly man was soon squeezing
and pinching my wife's breasts and although Blair was in a terribly humiliating
position, in the periodic silence of the car you could hear her heavy breathing. 
Once Mike had decided that the old gent had enough enjoyment to insure a sizable
hard on for the rest of the evening, he explained that it was time to move on. 
As he pulled the big Lincoln out of the gas station Mike remarked with that sly
grin of his again, "Yep Blair, we got places to go honey . . . people to see.  I
guess you can put that skirt back down for now, don't want everybody getting a
peek of it!" he chuckled.  I know Blair and I could dreaded finding what our
tormentors had planned for us.


The McKee Home or Welcome to Hell

We continued on into the evening dusk.   Although Mike hadn't stated where we
were going, it appeared we were headed towards the development we both lived in. 
Mike lived several streets over in the very upscale housing tract.

Blair continued to sit in the front seat between Mike and Richard with her
blouse partially open and the blindfold over her eyes. Richard was quite happy
to point out that the cooler evening air that was rushing in through the open
windows was having quite a profound effect on Blair's erect nipples.  He giggled
like a little kid as he reached over and tweaked one then the other nipple, just
another indignity that Blair was forced to endure.

We eventually reached his street.  As we turned into his long driveway I finally
realized just how private and far a part the houses were in this part.

Pulling the Lincoln up to the four-pillar front of his house Mike encouragingly
announced, "Well guys and gal we're here.  Tom and Richard, help guide our lady
friend into the house". As we all got out of the car, I started to follow Blair
and her two guides towards the house when Mike grabbed me by the arm "Hold on
there Denis!"  Pulling me off to the side he calmly stated, "Denis, your sweet
little wife embarrassed my Lorna out in public last week.  This is not just
about me and you but also my wife.  I will not allow my wife to be publicly
humiliated. So it's my duty to extract revenge on your wife tonight Denis old
buddy and you're going to allow it to happen.  Because it's better for little
Blair to be humbled and embarrassed than for you to lose everything . . . right
buddy?" My thoughts ran from the possibility to having my legs broken to the
good laugh Blair and I had at Lorna's expense to maybe having Blair embarrassed
a bit more was the easy way out.  I numbly shook my head in agreement; somewhat
confused and unaware that I was agreed to hand my wife totally over to these
four dominate men.  Adding further insult, Mike added "Oh by the way Denis, grab
the bag of goodies Blair picked up at the store".

I went back to the car and grabbed the bag as the others headed in the house; I
tried to hurry, as I didn't want to leave Blair alone with the four men for too
long.  As I entered the house I could hear voices, voices that were different
from the four men.  I hurried into the huge games room of the house and found
that Mike had Richard Ingram in the process of hand cuffing my wife's hands
behind her back, I was also stunned to find out that the voices I had heard
belonged to Mike McKee's college age son Rob . . . and four of his school
buddies.   I entered just as Blair was objecting "No, Please Mike . . . who is
in here . . . please untie me! Where's Denis?" 

Mike and his friends just laughed and taunted Blair, before getting me to at
least acknowledge that I was there to soothe her fears.  "Okay Blair, it's time
for you to give us some entertainment" Mike exclaimed.  As Blair whimpered
slightly Mike walked over and once again whispered something to my wife, she
then shook her head in an affirmative manner as she said "Okay, I'll do what you
want Mike!".  With a victory in hand, Mike McKee grasped for further control as
he snapped back "Blair you'll address me when answBlairg as Michael, Sir or
Master Michael!"   My wife showing her fight took the least submissive choice in
replying "Yes Michael, I'll obey you!"

The group of men whooped it up and began passing out drinks. Rob and his buddies
gave high fives to the older men as they gathered around the bar and waited for
the show.  Rob McKee was your typical young good looking, arrogant rich kid who
always got what he wanted.  His two friends were all in their early twenties and
obviously eager to try and outdo the older men in vulgarity.

Mike got Scottie Miller to lead Blair to the middle of the room, to a chorus of
cat calls, lewd comments and whistles she stood nervously.  From my location I
stared at my lovely wife in vulnerable state . . . with her blouse still
partially open, the black skirt back in place and high heel shoes . . . I could
see why these nine men sat in awe of my blindfolded hand cuffed wife.  I was
awakened from my temporary daze as Mike strolled up to me, "Here you go Denis,"
he said as he handed me a pair of scissors. With a dumb founded look upon my
face, Mike proceeded in a hush tone to explain  "Denis you're gonna go up there
and prepare your wife for us . . . you'll cut her blouse and skirt off of her
body with those scissors . . . just consider it a ceremony of sort, an act of
you offBlairg your wife to us!"    I stammered "But . . . but Mike, I can't do
that. Blair means everything to me!".  The older man gave a cold stare in
return, "Well if that's the case then, you'll do as we say!" he retorted in a
stern cold tone.

  I knew I had no choice as he walked toward Blair.  In a low apologetic voice I
said,  "I'm sorry honey" as I placed the scissors at the sleeve of her blouse
and began cutting.  In no time the blouse fell from her body and her 36" tits
were on display for all to see.   To a large cheer I then started on her skirt,
the material cut away remarkably easy and before Blair knew it . . . she stood
completely naked in front of the group.  I turned towards Mike again, with a
satisfied grin upon his face he motioned to me to sit in a nearby chair as he
spoke "Great fuck'in body Blair. Now slowly turn around so we can see it from
every angle".  Blair nervously obliged, slowly turning around in her high heels. 
"Very nice . . . very nice indeed. Isn't she gents?"  Mike asked of his
counterparts.

As the men nodded and vocally added their agreement, Mike sauntered up to my
defenseless wife.  "Spread your legs apart Blair" Mike ordered as roughly
squeezed her left breast.   Gingerly moving her feet apart until they were
spread approximately 2 feet apart, Blair then felt Mike's hand begin to descend
down the front of her body. She trembled slightly as his probing fingers neared
her neatly trimmed vaginal area.  "Do you like that Blair?" he queried as his
fingers began rubbing the little blonde hair around her clitoris and then
finally her clit itself.  Forgetting the position that she was in, Blair
momentarily cooed "Oh Yes . . . Yes I do".  "That's good Blair that you enjoy
it, but a good slut makes sure her men are served first . . . you do want to be
a good slut don't you Blair?" Her head slowly lowered and even with the
blindfold covBlairg a portion of her face, I could tell she was totally
embarrassed and fighting tears as she replied, "Yes I do Michael, I only want to
please you!".

Obviously Mike was pleased with my wife's timid slutty response as he pressed
his lips against hers and gave her a long hard kiss.  "Very good answer my slut,
you'll be a very special treat for us tonight. Now
Richard and Tom are going to help you to your knees Blair . . . it is time for
you to please us!"  I watched in horror as Richard Ingram and Tom Scott steadied
Blair by the arms as she lowered herself to her knees.  Once in this submissive
position of hands behind her back, eyes covered and kneeling . . . Mike moved
directly in front of my wife and lowered his trousers.  He moved until his the
tip of his thick hard cock rubbed lightly on her lips, eventually Blair's lips
parted and I was forced to watch as another man's member entered my wife's soft
mouth.  Blair had performed orally on me but she did it only to please me.  She
had commented that she hated the taste of sperm.

Mike's cock continued to grow with Blair's oral attention; it was quite obvious
that Mike McKee's cock was larger than my own . . .

Mike proceeded to get in a slow methodical back and forth motion, pushing his 8"
cock a little further into my wife's mouth with each thrust.  At one point I
decided to try and stop the insanity that as occurring, but as I started to get
up I was thrown back down into the chair and given a verbal threat from Tom
Scott.  It took close to twenty minutes before Mike McKee finally unloaded a
huge amount of cum onto Blair's face and upper body.  It was obvious his only
intention was to dump his load on Blair not down her throat. 

No sooner had Mike stepped back from Blair and Richard Ingram stepped up in to
his place, quickly extracting his cock for my wife to tend to.   Once again
Blair parted her lips and once again a large strange cock slid into her mouth,
the rest of the men cheered the captive wife and her actions.  Since the rest of
the group were getting anxious, Mike decided that Blair was now enough under his
control that it was safe to un-cuff her hands.  As soon as he took the
restraints off he gave Blair precise instructions, "You try anything foolish
Blair and we'll take you out back swat your ass. Your hands are free now for one
reason and only one reason my little slut . . . and that is so you can pleasure
more of us at once!"  Mike then motioned for Tom Scott to step up.  With a grin
on his face Tom stepped out of his pants and pulled off his shirt, he walked
over to the one side of Blair and guided her hand to his rapidly growing
hard-on. Blair was moaning and I was hoping it was not from pleasure but
pleading for the humiliation to stop but with her pretty mouth stuffed full of
hard cock though I couldn't tell.  From the disgusting comments the waiting men
were making it was obvious they considered her getting aroused.

   Mike surveyed the scene he was directing and decided to change a few things,
"Richard remove the blindfold from our lovely piece of ass, I want to see the
look on her face as she obediently serves us!" Richard reached down and pulled
the blindfold from my wife's head, for the first time since we left the
convenience store Blair was able to see what was happening to her.  I noticed
that she was able to peek to the side and finally see who the other people in
the room were, seeing the five young men she slowly closed her eyes to hide her
embarrassment as she continued accepting Richards cock into her mouth. Upon
seeing my wife's reaction to his son and four friends, Mike McKee took great
delight in adding them to the action as soon as possible.  "Rob! Come on over
here boy and have some fun with our guest here!" Mike roared.

The strapping six-foot plus Rob came wandBlairg over to where Blair was knelt
and with a little encouragement from dad, soon had his cock pulled out of his
pants.  My wife peered towards the younger man's tool and soon then felt Richard
Ingram with his hand placed upon her head to guide her awaiting mouth off of his
erect dick and unto that of the young college lad.  Blair was then alternated
between the two men, until Richard Ingram finally exploded with a large
collection of cum . . . some of which she tried to swallow so it would not go
all over her but most of which ended up on her face, hair and chest.

For the better part of the next hour each of the men took his turn shoving their
erect cocks into my wife's mouth.  Blair had just finished satisfying the young
Dylan Lang one of Rob's friends, his hard cock going limp as he too sprayed his
offBlairg unto her upper chest area . . . as he stepped out of the way, my wife
looked in stunned silence as Luke Smith another of his friends and a former
college football player lowered his pants. 

Blair was astounded to see the size of his black cock as it popped out of his
trousers, not even erect yet it looked as though it was a good 10 inches and
growing.  The large colored athlete grinned at my wife as he wagged his cock in
his hand with obvious pride.  The older men just laughed at my wife's facial
expression as Luke walked towards her with his large member in hand . . . once
directly in front of her he held the hardening member in his hand and began to
slap Blair on her sperm covered face with it as all the men continued with their
crude comments one of which was laughing made by Rob "Make the loud mouth bitch
deep throat it Luke, that will teach her to embarrass my mom."

With tears mixing with the cum all over her face Luke placed the tip of it up to
her lips.  "Here you go white mama, a nice big black cock for those pretty
little lips!" he sarcastically stated as he pushed his cock into my wife's
mouth. 

I watched in horror as Blair reluctantly opened her mouth to its fullest to
accepted his huge pole, the black skin glistening as he pulled out slightly
before thrusting it further in.  She miraculously was able to take almost
three-quarters of it into her mouth before gagging slightly.  I sat angered as
Mike McKee commented on how Luke was stretching that pretty little mouth to the
limit, "Yep boys, look at her slurp on that black cock. I think our innocent
housewife likes it! Don't you?".  Several of the men agreed with Mike's
evaluation and I noticed that Blair's face turned a slight tinge of crimson from
the embarrassing comment. "Yep Denis what do you think your wife sure looks to
enjoy black cock in her mouth?"  I felt so ashamed that my stupidity had gotten
my wife into such a humiliating position with these rich and powerful men, but I
also knew that I couldn't change my stance now for fear of losing her for good.
Watching her gag every time Luke shoved his cock deeper and deeper into her
mouth I could only agree with a humbled "Yes."

   The young athletic black man pumped his manhood in and out of my sweet wife's
mouth for close to twenty minutes, before spilling his large offBlairg between
her lips and down onto her chest.  Mike McKee continued his dominance over
Blair, as he demanded that she collect up the entire sticky residue that was
coating her upper chest area and lick it up for nourishment. She was half way
through when Richard Ingram walked over to my kneeling wife with the squeeze
bottle of chocolate syrup and asked the others "Do you think the stupid slut
would like some sweet chocolate with her snack?"  My wife stopped licking her
fingers and sheepishly watched as Richard squeezed the bottle and squirted the
dark syrup all over my wife's, hair, face and chest. "You better not get any
that on my floor." Mike warned her.  Blair quickly got back to her task before
any ran down her body and dripped on the floor. Wanting to see Mike punish Blair
Richard moved the stream off her face and directed it to her breasts.  Blair
cupped her hands under her pussy to prevent any from going on the floor.  The
only thing that saved my wife from what Make would have done was the bottle
became empty. Saved from an impending punishment Blair obediently followed his
strict orders as she gingerly licked off her fingers of the collected liquid,
once sufficiently completing her task . . . Mike allowed her to go to the
washroom to clean up before they continued the evenings activities . . . before
they further humiliated her.


My wife becomes an Entertainer:

   I tried to break a small smile upon my face towards Blair as after showBlairg
she returned to the room; even after what she had just been through . . . she
looked so beautiful and sexy as she strolled across the room, completely naked
except for her high heel shoes.  It was evident as she confidently walked back
over to the group of men that she still had her pride and was beyond being
embarrassed over her nudity amongst the nine cruel men . . . but that confidence
was about to be shattered with what Mike and his friends was about to make her
do next.

    The men were getting quite drunk now as the beer was being consumed quickly
and freely, several of them had lit up the cigars that Blair had bought back at
the convince store which left a terrible stench in the room.  "Well Blair honey,
welcome back. You look great again now baby!" Mike commented as he reached up
and tweaked her one nipple.  My wife gave Mike a evil stare, but it had little
effect on the my rival.

"Here Blair have a drink, you're probably thirsty after sucking on all our
cocks!" Mike said with a sarcastic laugh as he handed my wife a glass tumbler of
liquid.  Although my wife inquired what the drink was, she received no direct
hint from Mike what it was before she gulped it down.  It was a few minutes
later that Tom Scott walked over to where I was confined and was so gracious to
inform me that the drink had consisted of straight tequila and a couple of drugs
that would give Blair an uncontrollable aphrodisiac urge, making her a fun gal
tonight. "Don't worry though buddy they will just make her think with her clit
like all whores do. After all this won't be any fun if your bitch is out of it."
I winced at the thought of what they were about to do to my wife and yet had no
hope of stopping it.

  "Okay Blair sweetheart, it's ShowTime! So please get down on the floor and
prepare to entertain us all" Mike instructed.  Blair slowly lowered herself to
her knees on to the carpeted games room floor and awaited further instructions. 
As the eight other men pulled up chairs into a semi circle around Blair on the
floor, Mike went over to where the grocery bags had been placed and reached in
then sauntered back over to the group.  "Here you go Blair our kinky slut" Mike
stated as he handed my wife the fresh cucumber she had purchased at the store
"Lets see what you use that cucumber as you would a real cock sweetie!"

Blair looked at him in bewilderment as all pride she had mustered getting
cleaned up left her, "What do you mean?" she asked.  Mike quickly retorted  "Go
on, just like the tramp you are Blair, lay back and pretend that cucumber is a
man's cock . . . suck it, lick it, caress it and then use it on yourself!"  
Blair's eyes showed signs of a few tears, "But Mike..."  But before she could
finish she was interrupted "Go on Blair . . . or else!" Mike barked. I wasn't
sure what the "or else" meant, but obviously my wife did, she slowly laid her
back down onto the carpeted floor and moved the large green vegetable up to her
lips.  Closing her eyes, so that she didn't have to see her enthusiastic
audience . . . she slowly began sucking the cucumber just as she had the real
cocks earlier.

What then unfolded had to be unspeakably humiliating for my poor wife Blair.  As
she began giving simulated oral sex to the vegetable prop, the group of men
started giving her instructions as what they wanted to see.

  "Okay Blair baby . . . reach down and play with your pussy as you suck it!"
Richard commanded.  With hesitation and a moan Blair did as demanded. Lying with
her eyes closed and under the influence of the aphrodisiac and tequila she began
to lose control of what was left of her dignity.  Which was exactly what Mike
but more importantly Lorna wanted.

"I want to see you take it all in your mouth honey, I want to see your lips
completely around that green cock!" Tom Scott said with a chuckle.  "Ah if she
can take Luke's black snake in her mouth, that cucumber should be a piece of
cake!" Rob McKee rudely injected. Amazingly, my wife tilted her head back and
moaning with both hands on the surrogate cock worked it farther and farther down
her throat and was able to comply to his bizarre demand . . . as the whole
cucumber diameter was somehow slipped between her immensely stretched lips only
two to three inches remained.

  "Insert a couple of fingers into that pussy Blair sweetie . . . get it wet for
the cucumber" Scottie Miller quickly added.  "Yeah that's it, all the way in . .
. doesn't it feel good Blair?" he continued as he and the others watched my wife
do as they wished. Blair was now oblivious to their rude comments and was in a
world of her own sexual bliss, although it did seem she nodded an agreement to
his statement as she continued her choreographed movements. I cringed at
watching by wife with her two hands between her legs rubbing herself furiously
with a cucumber shoved in her mouth.

"Now Blair . . . we want you to move the cucumber down to that hot little pussy"
Mike McKee instructed next  "You know you want to feel it inside of you Blair.
Just like one of our cocks would feel!"  I watched intently as my normally shy
wife obediently pulled the cucumber from her mouth and moved the large oblong
vegetable downward until it rested between her outstretched legs.  After rubbing
it around the outside of her vagina several times, the green skin of the
cucumber was already coated with her juices . . . it was shortly thereafter that
she began gingerly inserting the cock like item inward.

"Ohhhh .... Oh my God!"  She moaned as it began its entrance into her body, the
group of men surrounding her cheered their approval.  With both hands on the
cucumber, Blair began a slow but continual in and out movement . . . inching a
little more of the cucumber in with each thrust.  Mike McKee motioned for
Scottie Miller to kneel down next to my wife and begin squeezing her 36" tits to
help arouse their female playmate.

"Ohhh yessss!"  my wife cried out as Scottie roughly squeezed her mounds of
flesh, periodically pinching her nipples between his thumb and forefinger.  "Yes
boys I think our naughty little tramp really enjoys all this attention!  Don't
you honey?" Mike said aloud . . . sounding more as a statement than a posing a
question.   As Blair responded in a positive manner to his treatment, Scottie
Miller's next move was to pour some of his ice-cold beer upon her jiggling
titties and then bend over and eagerly lap up the substance off of her soft
skin.   Other than a little yelp because of sudden coldness upon her body, Blair
barely slowed her use of the cucumber.  "mmmm . . . taste even better than out
of the bottle guys" he expressed to the rest of the men.

As the men sat around Blair, several of the horny bastards were now stroking
their hard cocks as they watched my wife's performance. Convinced that it was
time to take my wife to the next level of his kinky escapades, Mike McKee walked
over to the grocery bag and pulled out the banana.  As he moved back over to
where the group was gathered he slowly peeled the banana and handed it to Blair
lying on the floor.  "Okay Blair our sweet little slut, we want to see you deep
throat this banana as you continue fucking yourself with the cucumber!"

   My poor wife was now completely under Mike and his gang of friends' control;
between the lethal drink and their dominating techniques Blair was a helpless
victim as she continued her crude sex show. ConsidBlairg that she probably was
quite drunk from the drink, I was surprised at coordination she exhibited as she
continued to work the cucumber with her one hand on her vagina while using the
other to move the banana in and out of her mouth.

  It was about this point that I noticed the flash of light.  I twisted around
in my chair as best as I could with my hands bound in place, to my surprise
there was Lorna (Mike's wife) and the other two wives peeking around the corner
of the French doors that went into the living room area.  Richard Ingram's wife
Brenda had the camera pointed towards where Blair was laying on the floor, with
her eyes closed and in an intoxicated state though . . . Blair never even
noticed.  Lorna and Tom Millers wife Sheila both had small camcorders in their
hands and seemed to be taking turns filming the action within the room.  All the
women were laughing.

Without thinking I had to warn her and shouted "NO Blair stop they are filming
you!"  Under the triple spells of alcohol, aphrodisiacs and the intense arousal
they created my wife was incapable of stopping and could only look directly at
the camera and then roll her eyes into the back of her head as her moans
increased in length as a powerful orgasm began.

"My, my Denis I didn't realize your wife was so photogenic." Lorna laughed. "Her
coworkers will absolutely love seeing this!" She added enthusiastically as her
revenge on my wife exceeded her wildest expectations.

Over in the middle of the room the group of men were still continuing their
verbal abuse, "Hey Blair, I bet you didn't realize that fruit and vegetables
could be so good for you?" Richard commented.  "Look at how fucking wet that
cucumber is!" Kyle Lang shouted,  "Just imagine how wet her twat must be".

Mike McKee just chuckled at the younger mans comments as he spoke up, "Well
Kyle, I think she likes performing for us . . . don't you boys?"   The group
hooted a "Hell Yes, she does!".

Mike continued with his harassment of my wife, "Now tell me truthfully Blair
honey . . . do you like performing for this appreciative crowd?"

Completely lost in her lust every trace of respectability gone with a little
coaxing Blair responded "Yes . . . Yes, I love all your comments!" As I sat and
listened to her reply, I was no longer sure if my wife was not answBlairg with a
sound mind or whether her response was influenced by the alcohol and drug
presence. Either way, the two wives with camcorders were recording the positive
response.

   "Yes I thought so Blair!"  Mike gleefully continued, "You enjoy performing .
. . you enjoy doing these humiliating little stunts for us . . . you enjoy being
degraded being a slut, don't you Blair honey?".

I waited for my wife to respond, to tell Mike that she didn't like being treated
in such a disgusting manner.  But my heart sank once she did respond though. 
"Yes! Yes!  I love pleasing you and the others Mike . . . I'll do anything you
want just fuck me. I......I'm your fuckkkk toyyyyy!" Blair cried out as she
obviously succumbed to her first orgasm with the cucumber.  I noticed Mike was
virtually wetting his chops with anticipation of what he might do next with my
submissive wife.

I hung my head as Lorna commented to the other wives "We own her stuck up ass
now."

Blair becomes a Sex Slave:      

As Blair lay recovBlairg on the floor from her first orgasm one hand still on
the cucumber gently moving it still in and out of her leaking pussy the other
hand covered in banana as she squeezed it as she came, Mike had silently walked
over to the far side of the room and grabbed a bag.  Once returning to where
Blair laid, he summoned Scottie Miller to assist him.  He reached into the bag
and pulled out a leather collar and as Blair lay on the floor Scottie placed it
around her dainty neck and then attached a leash to it.  Mike then handed two
small rings attached together by a chain to Scottie, which turned out to be a
pair of clip on nipple rings.

"Oww eea" Blair expressed as Scottie clipped first one, then the other onto her
rock hard nipples. The two men then rolled Blair onto her back and held both her
hands so she could not remove the rings, Mike then pulled out of the bag a can
of shaving cream and a razor.  Before my wife realized what they were doing to
her, her once neatly trimmed red hair between her legs was completely gone.

"Okay Blair, you are now our slave to do with as we please!" Mike instructed
"You'll do as we request or risk being punished! You'll respond to your name
SlutBlair and you'll address me Master Mike and the rest of the guys as Master's
Friends . . . do you understand SlutBlair?".   My wife in a dazed look
obediently acknowledged Mike with a shake of her head.  "Good girl!" Mike said
with a smile "Now rise SlutBlair and let all my friends touch your body wherever
they wish".

I saw a change come over Blair as the words sunk in.  The powerful orgasm she
had just experienced had sobered her and over came the power of the drug.  She
was obviously no longer lost in a sexual craze but realizing instead the
degradation she not only had gone through but also what may be coming.

She glanced over at the smiling women and lowered her head to their laughter and
comments of SlutBlair.

Blair was a little wobbly as she got to her feet, Mike then led her in the
humiliating manner of pulling on the leash which was attached to the large
leather collar that now adorned her neck till she stood directly in front of
where Richard Ingram was seated.  With a huge grin on his face Richard reached
up and placed one . . . then two fingers into my wife's vagina.  I could see him
begin moving them in and out as Blair stood rigidly in front as expected, her
eyes slightly closed with legs spread to give her Mike's friend an easier
access.  "Damn she's wet Mike!" Richard exclaimed.

Mike then pulled on the leash and it was time for Blair to move to the next man. 
Young Kyle Lang was next in line and he was more interested in my wife's tits. 
He pinched them, squeezed them, leaned forward in his chair and sucked on them
vigorously.  The young mans tongue flicked at the attached nipple rings, giving
my wife a strange tingle.  Blair simply closed her eyes as she stood before the
young man and moaned quietly while he continued to play with her 36" mounds of
flesh. 

After several minutes it was on to the next man, Scottie Miller instructed Blair
to turn around and bend over placing her hands on her knees.  Blair did a slow
turn and bent over so her bare buttocks stared Scottie directly in the face.
After a mock facial expression of licking his lips in anticipation, Scottie
Miller placed both of his large hands on my wife's soft buttocks and initially
began rubbing both of Blair's ass cheeks. Slowly his one hand drifted toward her
anal opening and while using his other free hand to gently part her ass cheeks,
Blair soon felt his index finger probing her anus.

"Ohh nooo, please not that!"  Blair pleaded as Scottie inserted his finger. 
Although her initial reaction to the penetration, was one of trying to reject
his entrance.  Once Scottie (with Mike's assistance, as he held my wife in place
by grabbing her hair so she couldn't move away from the other man's intrusion)
gained entry with his finger . . . I noticed that Blair was soon moving her butt
in a motion to assist his in and out motion.  It was quite evident that as
Scottie's finger explored my wife's anal opening, she was finding it to be a
rather pleasurable feeling. I could only hope it was the drug.

After several minutes of anal fingBlairg, Mike moved Blair onto the next man in
the circle.  It was now young Rob McKee's turn with Blair.  He wasted no time in
leaning my wife into the chair he had been seated in and then spreading her legs
wide apart.  Mike's son soon had his face buried in Blair's lap and was eagerly
licking away at her newly shaven pussy.

'Ohhhh my ! mmmm" Blair cried out shamelessly.  Although this act was giving my
wife great pleasure, it was also degrading for her as Mike made his son cease
his oral attention upon her . . . just as Blair was reaching an orgasmic
plateau.  With a dazed and confused look towards Rob and then Mike, Blair
virtually begged for Rob to continue.  "Mike . . . please don't make him stop
... please!".

It was then I realized what was happening each man was arousing my wife but not
to the extent of cumming but just enough to begin fogging her mind again.

Mike once again had that satisfied look of being completely in control as he
grinned and then stated, "You want more SlutBlair? Well then you have to earn it
get down on your knees and beg for it . . . NOW SLUT!  And don't forget to call
me Master" Mike barked as he tugged on the leash leading to the collar around
Blair's neck. I couldn't believe how fast my wife scampered down onto her knees
and pleaded for more sexual pleasure even though Lorna moved directly in front
of her for a close-up of her face. "Oh Please Master . . . please allow me to
have pleasure!" my wife cried out in an undignified manner. "That's better my
Slut!  Now get in a doggie position and maybe I'll allow one of my friends to
fuck you, while you suck a couple of the others off!"

I watched in disbelief as Blair once again obediently got into the position that
Mike had commanded her to, perch like a waiting k9.  It now was almost as though
Blair was getting off on the lewd and degrading manner in which Mike was
speaking to her in . . . it also seemed as she totally oblivious to the fact
that her husband was watching all the proceedings as she continued her actions
of lust.

On all fours like a dog she held her head high per Lorna's instructions. Lorna
wanted to capture every bit of Blair's degradation and to leave absolutely no
doubt as to her willingness or identity. On Mike's command of shake your tits
Blair began shaking her tits from side to side the chain from her nipple rings
swinging in rhythm to her tits. She spread her knees wide to Lorna and the
others could film her leaking pussy.  Lorna ran her finger along my wife's
pussy.  Her finger glistening she held it in front of Blair's lips.  She needed
to instruction to know what Lorna wanted.  Blair eagerly began sucking the
woman's finger.

I was equally distressed to see that it was Luke Smith the large black college
fellow that had positioned himself behind my wife and was preparing to screw
her.  I was sure that his 11 plus inch black cock would be too large for Blair
to handle, yet there he was on his knees behind her and rubbing the head of his
member along the opening of her pussy.  Then slowly he began to slide it in,
Blair let out a long moan as it pierced her  "Ohh God.... Ahh Yessss!!!"   I
couldn't believe my ears, here my wife was not only accepting this huge black
cock . . . but was enjoying it immensely.  Mike soon had positioned himself and
Kyle Lang with pants down and dicks out directly in front of my wife.   "Come on
SlutBlair, suck on our two cocks while you fuck young Luke!"  He commanded as
the two men both pushed their impending hard-ons in front of Blair's face "A
good slut can do two or more at once honey!"

Blair moaned again as her lips engulfed first Mike's hardness and then
alternated over to the younger Kyle Lang's stiffness, all while the black man
Luke kept plunging his dick into her.  "Oh yeah!  Oh God that feels good, you
know Mr. McKee your girl here is a pretty good fuck for an older babe."  Luke
graciously commented between thrusts into my wife.  "Why that's very nice of you
Luke! SlutBlair wasn't that nice of Luke to say? That you're a good screw for a
gal your age?" Mike sarcastically stated to Blair "I think you should thank the
young man for being so respectful of older women!"  Of course my wife could not
respond vocally while having a cock in her mouth, so Mike pulled his erection
from between her lips and then playfully swatted her across the face with his
dripping tool a couple of times before posing the remark to Blair again.

"SlutBlair, don't you think you should thank our young friend for being so
generous with his comments and his big black cock??  Let's hear you say . . .
Thank you Mr. Luke for calling me a good fuck and for filling my cunt up with
your beautiful cock!" Mike instructed in a controlling manner.

My wife swayed slightly on her hands and knees, moaning slightly as the athletic
black man continued to pump his manhood into her. She peered up towards Mike as
she chose her words carefully, "Yes Master Mike I should . . . ahhhh mmmm . . .
Thank you Mr. Luke for thinking I'm . . . ohhhh myyyy . . . a good fuck . . .. 
ahhhh yessss . . . and thank you for giving me your beautiful cock!". Mike McKee
had my wife completely in control now; he had humbled her and no doubt could do
almost whatever he wanted to . . . his humiliating tactics were just beginning. 
I felt so helpless sitting in my chair restrained as I was; yet I was for some
reason also feeling disturbingly aroused.  I could see the erection building in
my shorts as I sat.

Blair continued to grunt and groan as Luke Smith continued his fucking motion,
his black balls slapping against her nicely contoured white ass with each
forward plunge.  As Blair rocked back and forth from the force of each thrust, I
noticed that the two tiny nipple clamps that were hanging down from her tits
were clanging together like a pair of wind chimes.  My daze of watching my
wife's assault was broken as the flashes of the camera went off from the
adjourning room . . . I had almost forgot that the other wives were still
recording my wife's debauchery.  Quietly giggling they continued to tape and
take incriminating photos of Blair in her degrading situation, with no doubt
plans to be use them in some manner against her later.

As I turned my attention back to Blair and the three men she was pleasuring, I
watched in silence as Mike and the young Kyle both shoved their cocks against my
wife's soft lips at the same time.
Blair was forced to part her lips wide enough to at least allow the head of both
cocks access to her mouth, both men smiled contently once she was successful at
taking the two.

"Aughh . . . Yessss!"  Luke Smith cried out as he finally extracted his cock
from within my wife's womb, in the process shooting his warm thick cum all over
her ass and lower back.  With a relieved expression upon his face, Luke
continued to pump his cock and spray his offBlairg until he was drained . . .
finally backing away weak kneed to his chair.  The excitement of the moment must
of effected Mike and Kyle, as I could tell both were not far from reaching
orgasms themselves.  The younger man Kyle was the first to peak, his warm thick
goo shooting onto my wife's face as she continued taking Mike McKee's erection
between her soft lips.  The dominate older man just stood and grinned as he
continued to force feed his hardness into Blair's mouth and watched his younger
mate pump his tool dry.  "I must say, you look very slutty my dear . . . with
cum dripping from your face like that" Mike sarcastically commented "You really
shouldn't let good cum like that go to waste SlutBlair . . . so how about you
gather it up and consume it for us, like a good slut!".

As if in a trance, Blair automatically used her free hand to gather all the
sticky goo from her face and upper body and then placing her fingers to her
mouth licked it up as if it were a nourishing meal.  "Yes . . . that's my good
little slut.  Okay who's next to fuck Blair our little slutpig here?  She needs
cock, don't you Blair dear?"   Blair looked up from her position of being on all
fours and surprisingly shook her head in agreement with Mike McKee's statement .
. . without ever taking her lips off of his cock.
       
           
Conclusion to the night of Kinky Sex:    

  
Over the next several hours, Mike McKee and his group of friends continued to
use my wife for their numerous kinky and perverted acts.  She was nothing more
then their sexual toy, complete with her own collar and leash . . . who they
used for their personal satisfaction. 

They each took a turn at screwing my pretty wife, in addition to making sure
that she attended orally to each of their cocks again and again.  At one point
she had four of the brutes assaulting her body at once.  Richard Ingram being
sucked off, Scottie had laid down so that she could ride upon his erection while
Rob McKee roughly fondled her swaying breasts from the side and finally Mike
McKee himself had positioned directly behind Blair as his hard-on pointed
menacingly at the opening of her anus.  Although he rubbed the tip of his cock
all about her ass, thankfully the villainous rich real estate agent took enough
pity upon my wife that he never did penetrate her anal canal with his cock.   He
did however end up shoving a small wand, which had several size variations to
help stimulate my wife's virgin asshole.  I was surprised at the extent that my
normally shy wife went completely delirious by this little devise Mike McKee
used on her, she was overwhelmed with a sexual passion I had never witnessed her
have before.

The final act of humiliation of the night that the group bestowed upon my poor
well fucked cum covered wife was when they held her down spread-eagled on the
carpeted floor. Mike pulled some rope out of the bag and tautly tied each of her
arms and legs to furniture so she was incapable of movement. Though still in a
sexual fog my Blair had a worried look on her face.

The kingpin Mike McKee carefully knelt down beside Blair and then proceeded to
pull out of another duffel bag a huge black rubber vibrator. He slowly moved it
down to between my wife's outstretched legs, "You'll like this Blair sweetie!"
Mike stated with an evil grin as he slowly began to insert the huge cock like
toy into her vagina. "Oh God" Blair wailed as he continued to shove more and
more of the vibrator into her body. The rubber dildo was larger than the
cucumber which till Mike began shoving the dildo in Blair's pussy was the
largest thing that had entered her. Once Mike had the large item inserted into
Blair to the desired depth he reached to a small switch on the bottom of the
devise, "Okay Blair our little slut hang on" Mike chuckled as he pushed the
switch on.

"Ohhh   my . . . " my wife squealed as the life like vibrator began a low hum. 
"I think SlutBlair would prefer a little higher speed! Don't you fellows?" Mike
commented as he turned the base of the vibrator and the humming became louder
and steadier.

   "Ohhh God" Blair exclaimed, "Please no faster Mike! It's driving me crazy!" 
With an evil grin again as he stated to no one in particular, "What was that? 
Did I hear our gal say she wanted more motion?"  Several of the men laughed as
Mike reached down and turned the speed knob up a little more.

   "Aughh . . . mmmm . .. . Oh please!"  Blair cried out again. "I cannn't
stopppp cummmmmmming."  Blair was pleading for them to turn it off as her body
shook uncontrollably.

The women now joined the group and the stereo was turned on.  As my orgasming
wife lay bound on the floor and I was tied to my chair they acted like it was
nothing out of the ordinary.  The group laughed at Blair and making sure someone
was always seated in the chairs so Blair could not move them to ease her
suffBlairg they talked among themselves pausing to occasionally laugh at her.

I am sure no one knew how many orgasms my wife had laying there. She was covered
in sweat and barely conscious when they decided she had had enough.

The last scene I was to watch was when young Rob McKee and his friend Kyle
proceeded to stand above Blair and while the vibrator still purred away at high
speed embedded in her, they proceeded to jack off on my poor disoriented wife.
Their gooey substance splashed down onto Blair's exhausted body, My wife barely
aware of what was happening murmured "no more please no."

"There you go Blair, one last bit of cum for our eager Slut!" Mike stated as the
two younger men backed away from where she laid.  Seeing she still had the
littlest of will the other men formed a circle around her and began jacking off
onto her sweat covered body. Her face, ringed tits and bare pussy were their
favorite targets.

Once the men had cleared away, it was now the three wives turn to step up and
take over the taunting. No longer concerned that they not be seen, the three
gathered around my wife like a pack of wolves . . . videotaping and snapping
pictures with their cameras.  I watched helplessly as they took shots of Blair
from every angle and position . . . shots of her makeup smeared cum covered face
. . . photo angles that showed her cum covered body . . . explicit shots of her
tits with the little clamps still clinging to her nipples. Lorna pulled the
chain up to painfully stretch Blair's nipples. Sheila Miller even knelt down
between Blair's legs to position herself so that she had a clear photo shot
looking up between my wife's still outstretched legs to take a picture of the
vibrator slowly easing it's way out from between her pussy lips.

I could see that Lorna McKee was getting great delight out of Blair's
humiliation as she was now operating the video camera. The slightly older woman
finally knelt down beside my wife and as she stroked her perfectly manicured
fingernails across Blair's flush cheeks, quietly commented "Oh Blair honey,
you've been a very naughty girl tonight and I'm afraid we've got it totally
recorded" she laughed.

Slowly her hand moved downward and tweaked the nipple clamps, "Yes, I don't
suppose you want your family . . . friends . . . or especially coworkers with
that promotion coming up knowing what a nasty little tramp you are do you?"
Lorna inquired. 

Without even receiving an answer to her question, Lorna continued, "So since you
don't want the records of tonight's little orgy getting out to the public Blair,
we expect you to be a good little slut . . .. if you think the boys had fun with
you honey, just wait till next weekend when us girls use your body for
pleasure!". 

Lorna let loose with an evil laugh as she rose back to a standing position and
her husband Mike walked up to her side. "Oh yes SlutBlair in three weeks Michael
has his annual club Stag party and he expects you to be attendance . . . you
will be in attendance won't you my dear?" Lorna asked in a very sarcastic tone.

I looked down at my wife and watched as she feebly nodded her head in an
affirmative manner.  "That's good Blair dear, because you will be the only
female attending and Michael's associates do need to be entertained . . . ha ha
ha  . . . right honey? Lorna cackled as she placed the question to her husband. 
"Oh that's right dear" Mike McKee responded, "Our little SlutBlair will be
expected to be the life of the party. So maybe we better let her head home to
rest up for the upcoming engagements."

Oh I don't know Mike. I have something in mind for our little tramp tomorrow so
if it is okay with you I'd like to keep the bitch till then. Lorna's voice had
changed from sarcastic to venomous.

Though not knowing what his wife had planned he knew it would be extremely
degrading for Blair and eagerly agreed.

He then turned his attention towards me "Oh Denis, the Ingram's will give you a
ride home.  I am assuming you will remember the consequences of causing anyone
any trouble.

All I could do was nod my head as I was ushered out of the room. I turned and
looked at my cum covered degraded wife as she lay on the floor.

======================
I can be contacted at blairbrek@yahoo.com. I am thinking of writing about what
happened to me the next day.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  blairbrek


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





