BDSM Library - Blair Becomes Owned




Blair Becomes Owned
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Married, Blair makes the mistake of being the only female at a party. She is put into a positon where that night comes back to haunt her and change her life.
 This story is intended for adults only and should not be read by anyone under
the age of 18.

BLAIR BECOMES OWNED




BLAIR BECOMES OWNED

I could hardly believe my ears as I sat there.
 
I was sitting beside the pool in Tim Wilson's backyard, chit chatting with Tim,
our neighbor that lived about six houses down the street.  Tim was quite a bit
younger than I was, having just turned 31 I was 6 years older than the
25-year-old Tim.  Although we weren't close friends, we would have the odd pint
together and just shoot the shit a bit...  the age difference never seemed to
matter. On this particular day we had been talking about the usual male macho
topics when the topic of our wives had popped up.  Now it's not unusual to talk
about your wife to another man . . . it is however rather unusual though to be
talking to him about your wife and whether you wouldn't mind seeing another man
being intimate with her, but there I was in such a conversation with Tim.

 "No seriously Denis, you'd share your wife with another man wouldn't you?" Tim
asked with a sense of sincerity.  Being caught a little off guard by such a
personal question, I hesitated slightly, which allowed Mac to continue his
spiel.  "I've always wanted my wife Mary to try another man" Tim stated
nonchalantly "But anytime I've mentioned it, she simply says that I'm a
pervert".  Tim laughed at his last remark before asking again "So you never
answered me buddy . . . would you?".  I hummed and stuttered, then eventually
blurted out a response which would end up changing my whole life, "Yeah, well no
Blair would never go for anything like that. Thinking I wanted to show I could
be liberal and things...I thought I would fit in with the younger Tim and said I
suppose I . . . I guess . . . it would be kind of wild thing to do".    Tim
grinned slightly and then with a real serious look on his face stated, "While
I'm glad you think that Denis, because . . . now don't get mad with what I'm
about to tell you, but me and a few friends sort of got friendly with your wife
Blair about two weeks back!"

   I sat somewhat stunned before finally inquiring in a dull tone, "What . . .
what . . . what do you mean Tim?"  Tim took another sip from his drink and
leaned back in his lawn chair before answering. "Well Denis, I don't want you to
blame Blair or anything.  It was purely a spur of the moment thing and some of
us guys felt rather bad afterwards about it!"   I sat listening intently, not
even trying to interject, as he took another gulp and then continued after a
drag on his cigarette. "You did just admit that you'd consider sharing your wife
. . . it just so happens that you already have and Blair was more than eager to
participate so I guess you don't know your pretty little wife very well and
since I'm a nice guy, I'm not wanting to deceive you on this Denis. Why don't
you go grab yourself another beer and I'll fill you in on all about it . . .
you'll probably find that the whole thing will be a huge turn on for you. A
bunch of the guys said they would be turned on if their wives had been in the
same situation! So you won't get mad ... Right?"  I numbly shook my head and
muttered, "I guess not!"

   Still sitting in a state of shock, thinking of how Blair had been acting kind
of strange the last couple of weeks I suddenly heard the backyard fence gate
swing open and I turned in time to see Tony Hawke a friend of Tim's coming into
the yard.  "Oh hey Tony grab yourself and Denis here a beer!" Tim instructed as
Tony headed to the cooler.  "Yeah I was just telling Denis about the fun we had
with his wife Blair two weeks ago here!" Tim continued. 

I suddenly had a sick feeling in my stomach, combined with an inner anger that I
was unsure who to direct at.  "What do you mean by fun Tim?  How many guys you
talking about?  Why was Blair even here?"  I unloaded with a bevy of questions. 
Tony handed me a beer as he interjected "Yeah buddy you've got a nice wife
there, she's hot so don't blame us if she got wild!"

I looked at Tim and his friend Tony, both were tall young good looking guys and
I almost shuddered at the thought that Blair would have been with these guys.  I
then remembered though that Tim was married to a real pretty gal named Stephanie
and relaxed a bit, but his friend Tony was only 28 and single. 

 Tim accepted a beer from his friend as he started to answer my questions. 
"Well Denis, Blair came down here that Saturday afternoon that weekend you were
off fishing with your office buddies . . . your wife happened to show up while I
was having an after game party for the baseball team that I play on.  What was
there Tony . . . 10 or 15 guys here?" Tim turned towards his friend.  "Yeah I
think just about the whole team was here Timmy!" Tony responded.

  "10 or 15 guys?" I tentatively asked with a lump in my throat. "Yeah about
that many, though Mike and Terry had their girlfriends with them" Tim replied. 
I felt slightly relieved to hear that Blair hadn't been the only woman present,
only to have that sick feeling again as Tim's statement was finished.  "But they
left pretty early when we got pretty drunk didn't they Tony?"  I glanced to see
Tony shake his head up and down as he swallowed his beer.  My head was now
spinning as I visualized the scene that Tim began to describe, I leaned back in
the chair and faded off letting the scene build in my mind.

 "Yep it was actually a good thing that those two had their women here or your
wife probably wouldn't of stayed for a drink . . . which led to two . . . then
to a third and Blair was feeling really good when Mike, Terry and gals left.
Then she had a couple of shots with some of the guys and sure didn't seem to
mind that she was the only lady left with us all of us sweaty ball players.  I
also have to admit Denis, that us guys really tried to keep her here too . . .
because man did she look sexy.  Hell she looked great with those real short
denim shorts on, one of those sleeveless blouses that you tie at the bottom so
your belly is exposed and a pair of real slinky half heel mules.  She looked
good didn't she Tony?"

I opened my eyes long enough to see Tony give a big thumb up signal as he went
to get himself another beer.  I always figured that my wife did look rather
attractive, at 5'7" tall, 130 lb with shoulder length brunette hair and brown
eyes she had a seductive look about her for sure.  I suppose that at times I
took her 36-30-34 statuesque body for granted and didn't notice just how sexy
she looked to other men, but even still . . . it caught me off guard that these
two men considered Blair so appealing.  I then looked towards Tim as he gave me
a big grin and began to continue his strange story, why I didn't get up and
leave before hearing all the racy details . . .  I just don't know.

 "So any ways Denis, by the fourth beer Blair was actually feeling pretty
relaxed around us . . . I don't think the suggestive talk us jocks were using
bothered her . . . in fact she eventually joined in the talk.   You must realize
that it was only a matter a time with her . . . Christ, a couple of those guys
are separated and haven't had a woman for awhile, so naturally they were going
to go ga ga over your sweet wife buddy."  Tim explained.  I could hear Tony
chuckle and add his brief comment, "Ha, Ha, yeah Peter and Kenny, those two
really were putting the moves on!"

 Leaning forward in my chair I grasped my beer off the little table and took a
large swig and then questioned Tim, "Tim, how could you? Blair's my wife, why
didn't you stop her!" 

Tim took another drag off his cigarette, hesitated as he looked me in the eye
and then continued.  "Come on Denis, don't blame me. Shit, we all had been
drinking, Blair was enjoying herself . . . one thing just sort of lead to the
next.  Before I even noticed anything was happening, Pete and Larry had your
wife cornered over there by the patio bar".  I looked over to where Tim
indicated; a nice colonial style bar with several wooden stools was situated in
the one corner of the yard by the house. A nice covered awning sheltered it from
the hot mid day sun and I could see where someone could easily get trapped in
the one corner.

 "Your wife was kidding around with them, I would say almost flirting. She's a
big girl buddy and she sure didn't look uncomfortable in the least in fact I
think the three of them even decided to share a joint." Tim continued to inform
me.  "But Blair hasn't done any of that since high school!" I retorted.  "Well
I'm telling you Denis, she did that day . . . right Tony?"   Once again I
glanced toward the other man to see him shake his head in agreement.

"Yes Sir, a few good tokes and your Blair turned into a different woman . . .
the next thing I knew Pete was tugging at that knot on her blouse and she was
giggling . . . telling him to stop, though not putting up too much of a protest
I must say.   After a couple of minutes of Blair jostling around with Pete's
hands, Kenny grabbed her arms from behind and held her in place while Pete undid
the blouse.  All the other guys were encouraging Pete mind you and Blair was
laughing uncontrollably as the blouse was taken off, so as you can see Denis
your wife was definitely playing along with the guys.  You can't blame the
fellows for getting a little turned on once she was wandering around here in
just her denim shorts and that pretty red lace bra that she had on underneath
her blouse.  That push-up bra sure showed off the nice pair of tits you wife has
Denis. I would also have to say that Blair was also eating up all the attention
she was getting from us guys.  I guess it might of got just a little out of hand
after she began strutting around taunting Pete and a couple of the other
fellows.  Some of the guys started egging her on to take off her shorts and show
us if her panties matched.  She was laughing and said that there was no way they
could get her shorts off . . . now admit it buddy, that's almost like asking for
attention?"

"Well ... maybe ... ughh.... I don't know!" I stammered as a reply, wondering
why I was even trying to answer such a stupid question.

"Oh come on Denis, you got to agree with us on that, Blair wanted to play . . .
and the guys were more than willing to accommodate her.  So anyway, she was
virtually daring a couple of the guys, remember guys how she bent over and put
her hands on her knees and stuck her tight light ass out at us to goad us on
when . . . who was again . . . oh yeah, it was you Tony. Yeah Tony snuck up
behind her and grabbed your wife by around the waist and lifted her right off
her feet" Tim chuckled as he recalled the scene.  I looked towards his friend
and could see how easily he was able to overpower my wife as described, standing
6'3" tall and weighing probably close to 250 lbs., Tony was indeed a powerful
looking guy.

"So Tony has Blair by the waist holding her in this horizontal position, her
arms flailing and feet kicking . . . but still acting as if she's having fun
mind you after all she was laughing her head off.  Well then, Terry our Pitcher
walks over and does the honor of unzipping her denim shorts and starts pulling
them off.  It sure didn't take old Terry long to slide them off those long legs
of hers.  Once he had them unzipped she just let him do the rest.  I got to say
Denis, Blair just gave all us guys huge boners now that she was wandering around
the pool area here in just her red bra and matching panty set . . . whewww, she
looked hot, damn hot! Didn't she Tony man?"

"Oh yeah Tim" Tony readily agreed "I think my pants were just a bulging like
they are now just remembering how wild she was!"

 "I think all the guys were" Tim laughed as he continued to give me every little
detail.  "Then Denis after already losing her shorts and blouse, she even had
the nerve to say that there was no way anymore of her clothing was coming off. 
Now at that point with her smiling and standing with her hands on her hips it
sure didn't look at all like she was one bit upset and the way she said it, it
was another dare for us . . .especially when she broke that smile of contempt as
she tried to be serious when scolding us. 

So what were us guys suppose to do?  Your wife pretty much pushed us into
calling her bluff.  I think she was a little self-conscious about parading
around in her undergarments as such . . . since she did seem to have a bit of a
blush color to her face which matched her underwear, but she quickly forgot
about that after Jimmy our third baseman gave her another drink. She got back
into the party mood really quick and didn't concern herself too much about her
attire, after us guys convinced her that it was no different than wearing a
bathing suit."

"Why . . . why, should I believe this ridiculous story Tim? My wife would never
allow that to happened to her or especially go along with your game. She's
normally shy, reserved and business like!" I defiantly protested.


"Oh she was shy and reserved alright Denis!" Tim said in a sarcastic tone
followed by an even more sarcastic laugh.  "Why should you believe me??  Because
I've got 14 other guys to back up my story, you dork!  Tony, this pinhead
doesn't believe me . . .. what should I do to convince him?"

I looked towards the other man as he shook his head with a wide grin, "You want
me to go in the house and get the pictures that Stevie took . . . I think that
might convince him!"  Tim turned towards me smiling from ear to ear as he
responded to Tony, "Yeah, yeah . . . go get them will you Tony. They're down by
the computer, I was in the process of scanning them and downloading them!"

 As Tony headed into the house, I felt a shiver go up my spine . . . what had I
started now?  What did these so-called pictures look like?

"While we wait for Tony to get the pictures, I'll continue Denis . . . is that
okay?  Do you want to hear more about your wife's adventure?   Of course you
do!"  Tim tormented me.  I gave him a glare, but we both knew that he had the
upper hand in this little game and he enjoyed every moment of it.

 "So anyway, once your wife had another shot she relaxes some more and she quite
shamelessly began strutting around here again like she always paraded around I
public in her bra and panties, most of guys were getting quite horny as you must
well of guessed.

I really think that she was starting to get off on all us guys attention and
just didn't realize how eager some of the guys were to take the whole scene to
the next stage.  So finally at one point, Pete offered her twenty bucks to lose
the bra . . . you know go around    topless!" Tim chuckled again before
continuing.  "She declined and the bidding went all the way up to $100.  She was
weakening as the money rose you know what they say everyone has a price, but
then one of the guys figured rather than give her the money to see her tits the
best method was to get her going, was to dare her, you know attack her pride a
bit, not that taking off her shorts and shirt showed she had any.  So he goes .
. . Oh guys I bet they're not really 36c, are they Blair?    . . . the guy
stated.  Well, your wife took exception to the remark and responded that they
were too 36 inches and C cup at that. Of course a few of the guys said to prove
it . . . well Blair hummed and hesitated, but the guys kept on her as her
hesitation was disappearing when the guys offered her $20 bucks again and told
her it wasn't worth anymore than that to see her 32A . . . she sort of got upset
and insisted they were 36C she decided it was either put up or shut.  We
naturally all insisted that we wouldn't tell a soul if she did and since it was
only a few of us guys.  Well to make a long story short Denis, your precious
wife reached around to the back of that pretty red bra and unhooked it . . . you
should of seen us all 15 of us guys watch as it was lowered.  Oh wait a minute
here comes Tony with the proof".

There he left me . . . hanging on to hear what had happened with my wife and her
bra .  I snapped out of my daze and watched as Tony handed over the pictures to
Tim, he only wanted me to view the ones he wanted me to see . . . another
example of his control I suppose.

Tim then passed three photos over to me, "Here you go Denis, take a peek. I
think Stevie took some damn nice shots of Blair" he chuckled.  I looked at the
first one; it showed Blair with her shorts and blouse on smiling as she sat in
one of the poolside chairs.

I flipped to the next photo . . . it showed my wife laughing with some guy I
didn't know, his arm around her waist and she was minus her blouse.  There were
four other guys in the background laughing.

I cautiously flipped to the third photo, unsure of what I was about to view. 
The third photo had my wife now only in her bra and panties, she looked to be
desperately reaching for her shorts, which was being held by one of the guys
from Tim's ball team . . . she did appear to be in a jovial mood though as she
was held at bay by another one of the fellows. He saw how dejected I looked
realizing my wife was a willing plaything for the baseball team.  "Yeah Denis
she was sure in a playful mood trying to get her shorts as we played keep
away.... she is a great sport, sport."  I gingerly sat the photos down on the
patio table and looked up toward Tim, just as I heard the yard gate open again .
. . in walked two more youthful looking guys.

"Hey guys! Grab yourselves a beer from the cooler before you get over here" Tim
shouted at them.  He then noticed that I had nervously reached to retrieve the
three photos, "Denis buddy don't be so shy about the pics, both Pete and Jeff
were here the day those pictures were taken and believe me they saw a whole lot
more than what those pics show of your hot wife".  My heart sank as I knew that
I was about to hear the rest of the story involving my wife and it was now
pretty apparent that the event Tim had described so far, had taken place.

 "Well guys how are you?  I'd like you to meet Blair's husband Denis, you both
remember Blair that was here at our party?".  The two guys looked at one another
and then the one called Peter replied, "Remember, how could we forget Tim".  The
group shared a laugh at my expense as they all took a swallow from their drinks. 
At this point I almost thought I was in a bad dream . . . here I was sitting
around a neighbors patio table who I thought was my friend with four guys I
hardly knew, listening as they described how they had stripped my wife a few
weeks prior.  I shook my head and took a drink from my beer.

"So Denis, we finally had talked your wife Blair into removing her bra and I
must say the yard was suddenly rather quiet as she unfastened her sexy red bra.. 
She was rather tentative at taking it off and it almost was as exciting as
watching one of the dancers down at the Pussycat Lounge.  But as she finally let
the red material fall away from her body . . . and I think I can speak for all
of us . . . Man were we impressed with her beautiful sculptured tits.  What size
are they Denis?  I think Blair mentioned something about them being a 36"

   I was a little slow in reacting to Tim's question, as I had never heard
anyone call my wife's breasts "tit's" before.  Although it seemed a little
vulgar in the terminology, I did find that it turned me on a bit to hear another
man using a crude term to describe my wife's body.  "Ah. ...  Yeah. . Yeah.. A
36c" I almost instinctively replied.

"Well it took a little prodding from us guys, but eventually Denis, Blair was
over her modesty and leisurely strutted around here topless.  It was funny too
buddy, because she had this twenty bucks in her hands from winning the dare and
yet she had no pockets or clothing for that matter to keep it in.  I think she
finally put it in on the bar for safekeeping" Tim so carefully explained.  The
four men had a good chuckle over my wife's situation and then Tim continued.  "I
tell you Denis, Blair was one popular gal here that day . . . but then again she
was the only gal here. But I think you would have been really excited to see all
us guys wrapping our arms around her semi naked body, patting her panty covered
behind, accidentally letting our hands brush up against her naked titties . . .
and as you probably surmised, eventually one of our guys took her into his arms
and proceeded to give her a long hard kiss.            

"Now she might tell you she tried to resist him  . . . I think it was Mark our
second baseman that made the first move . . . anyway, she might say she resisted
his actions Denis and she might of struggled in his arms a bit, but it sure
seemed to us that she quickly began to more than enjoy the attention.  Heck, she
spun out of his arms giggling and fell right into Peter's grasp and began
necking with him  . . . what would you say Pete, did she enjoy it?" Tim asked
his friend.  Of course the response was a positive one from his friend, "Oh yeah
Tim, definitely. I even gave her a little tongue." Pete informed me and the rest
of the group with a smile.

"Yes sir, she was getting hot to trot at that point buddy, you would have been
so turned on watching her go from one guy to the next."  Tim stated as he
resumed his detailed account of the afternoon for my benefit. "I think maybe
Terry was the next one to savor your wife's charms . . . Oh man she walked up to
him as he stood at the bar and he took her in his one arm, leaned her back
against the bar and planted his lips hard against hers.  Then with no resistance
from her, Terry slowly kissed his way down to her ample tits and began sucking
her erect little nipples.  God it was great to watch Denis, especially when our
catcher Brent wandered in on the opposite side of Blair and began squeezing her
other unattended tit."

I'm sure I had a look of total disbelief on my face as Tim described the scene
with my wife and his two teammates.  I could hardly even imagine my
conservative, na�ve wife in public in only her panties being part of such a
scene . . . two men ravishing her body at the same time... impossible I thought! 
Or was it?  I was so confused, had the group of men raped my wife  . . . or had
she been a willing participant and enjoyed every minute of it?  I was torn
between getting up and walking out . . . or staying to hear the whole lurid
story.  For some reason I choose the latter. 

 "Yes sir Denis, I have to admit that I had one huge hard-on develop in my ball
pants as I watched your almost naked hot wife perform . . . so I naturally
figured since it was my place and my neighbor  . . . that I should also be
involved in the action.

 So I wandered over to where Blair, Terry and Brent were  . . . knelt down in
front of where your wife was standing and reached up to the waistband of her
panties.  She looked down at me with a smile for only a moment with those sexy
brown eyes as I began to tug her last piece of clothing off her body...but I
swear  Denis, she put up no protest as I removed them. 

She gingerly lifted each of her feet as I pulled them off in fact  . . . and
then there I was, face to face with that nicely trimmed pussy of your wife's. 
So Christ Denis, what's a guy to do but to try sampling a sweet pussy like that
and God it was tasty.  I leaned forward and placed my tongue right on that juicy
love hole  . . . boy was Blair wet and when my tongue touched that magical plea
sure zone of her clit, she began moaning like there was no tomorrow.  Now to
keep that little housewife of yours completely aroused, I inserted my one finger
into her hot little box as I continued licking her Denis  . . . I tell you, did
she ever enjoy that!  Between Brent on her tits and Terry with his tongue in her
mouth she was primed and so damn ready to go. So I then added a second finger  .
. . pretty soon the third finger was in there and finally the fourth.  I really
think I could of fist fucked her Denis with the way she was grinding, but I
didn't want to scare her off before we really got into it".

I imagine most husbands would have been totally appalled with the type of lewd
language that Tim was using in connection with my wife. Most men would have been
angry and hurt by the detailed account of what I had been told.  Yet here I was
sitting with almost an aroused feeling burning through my loins.   

Tim gave a glance around to his buddies, took a swig of beer and continued "I
guess it was about then that someone got the idea of carrying Blair over to that
sun lounge over there".   I peered over to the beautiful large chaise lounge
that Tim was referring to. So three of us grabbed her by her limbs and
transported her over there . . . I think she might of mumbled something along
the lines that she had to go home and where were her clothes, but we all knew
she wanted to stay.  She proved that quickly enough once we had her onto the
lounge and one of the guys offered his hard cock to her by placing it in front
of her mouth . . . she didn't need any further instruction Denis, as she parted
those thin beautiful lips and let the cock slide into her mouth. 

To encourage your wife a little, I slid up onto the lounge and parted her legs,
lowered my head down to her little honey pot . . . I tell you she sure liked
that.  So while I was eating her out, I could see . . . I think it was Mark . .
. move in on the other of the lounge and gently swat her face with his erection.
Well it was in no time flat Denis, before Blair was eagerly going from one cock
to the next.  I tell you, she was like a sex starved animal . . . not that any
of us guys were complaining!  Right guys?" Tim commented cruelly before him and
the others broke out in laughter over his joke.

"Hey Denis, I hope this you aren't taking this talk from us about Blair
personally?" Tim asked.  I looked at him I'm sure with a puzzled expression and
for some unknown reason replied "No. . No ... not at all. I appreciate you're
telling me Tim" . . .. Under my breath I thought to myself . . . Take it
Personally, why would I take it personal . . . just because you're talking about
you and all your friends having wild sex with my wife . . . duh!.   "No
seriously Denis, the only reason we're being so honest and detailed about what
happened that day . . . is because we want you to realize what a great wife you
got buddy.  Hell we're all jealous of you!" Tim explained.  "Well then" he began
to continue "If we're not offending you with this, we better carry on and fill
you in on the good parts!".  Why didn't I say that it was offending me . . .
that I was taking the talk personal, I silently thought to myself.  Why? ... .
obviously even though listening to them talk about my wife in the manner they
were, was  quite demeaning and humiliating for me to listen to .  .  .  it was
also like a drug.  I needed . . . wanted to hear more of them using Blair.

In an almost hushed tone, Tim leaned towards where I sat, "Before we go too far
Denis I got to tell you, your wife has the sweetest tasting pussy I've ever
experienced".  Leaning back in his chair he resumed describing the scene
involving Blair.  "So there we were, me between Blair's legs having lunch at the
"Y" . . . Mark getting his dick primed on one side and I guess it was Jack our
big first baseman on the other side of Blair getting his cock sucked.  I think
that scene continued on for a good 45 minutes . . . each time Blair made one of
the boys shoot his load, another guy would immediately jump in and take the open
spot.  She sure has a kinky side as she didn't care if she swallowed the load or
had it shot onto her face or hair. I think she really got off on it because her
pussy was flowing like a river.

I think I could also feel her cum at least twice in that time period, as I ate
her out, plus how many number of times she did after I was replaced.  I must
say, she was horny as hell and ripe for the picking  . . . so when Tony stepped
up to the plate" he chuckled with the group at his accidental and humorous pun. 
"So when Tony went to take his turn with Blair, he got this bright idea . . .
well, why don't I just let Tony tell you in his words!"

 I instinctively turned my head towards the other man; I was so enthralled now
with what they had to say about how they used Blair that I anxiously waited to
hear Tony speak.  "Oh okay . . . you want me to tell him do ya?  By the way
Denis, really nice to meet you and boy are you ever lucky to have such a hot
bitch for a wife!"  I for some reason knew enough to take his remark as a
compliment and shook his hand earnestly.

The tall good-looking Italian glanced at his friends and then with a huge grin
began to tell his side of the story.   "Well buddy, I gotta tell you that I was
really horny from watching your wife do the other guys . . . so when I went over
to her I had decided I wanted more than a blowjob . . . I wanted to get fucked.  
So I motioned for Jack, Brent, Mark and Timmy to lift your wife up so I could
lie down on the lounge.  Then once I was laying all nice and comfy on the
lounge, the guys lifted her up above me with her legs pulled out to the side. 
They were holding her up so she could not use her arms or legs as she was
impaled on my stiff cock".

I suddenly had a shudder as I imagined my Blair having this large man under my
wife and her being put on his cock, my thoughts were quickly interrupted as Tim
interjected his comment.  "Yeah . . . I guess it was at this point that for some
reason Blair started getting a little self-righteous and started sputtering
something along the lines that she was a married woman . . . that she shouldn't
be doing this . . . that she wanted her clothes so she could leave . . . and
all.  Her silly talk continued for all of two minutes . . . until that hungry
snatch of hers slid down on top of old Tony's dick and a couple of us starting
playing with her titties again.  Then all we heard from her was a lot of
moaning!  She should was back to having fun pretty darn quick.  She sure was one
hot bitch!"

 "Oh man, that felt great as you guys lowered her down on me" Tony stated as he
took over the conversation again.  Then when she was struggling a little at the
start as she tried to get off me  . . . even though it useless for her to try
since three of you guys were holding her in place . . . well shit her wiggling
around on my cock just about drove me wild.  I was glad that she eventually
decided to go along with our fun though and start that gentle riding of my cock
. . . Oh God! I'm getting a hard on just thinking about it"

 As I listened in my daze, I suddenly realized that Pete had now also taken up
the conversation.  "Hey did you guys see that while she was riding Tony for all
he was worth, that she didn't miss a single beat of sucking off Terry and I
either?  First Terry's dicks, then mine . . . then back to Terry's.  That woman
is talented!" The next thing I knew the fellow named Jeff had jumped in with his
two cents, "Personally I loved they way she licked my balls when she gave you a
blowjob and then the way she tried to gulp down our loads of cum, without even
hesitating! Christ she was good.  I will never forget her jacking off two guys
as she sucked two more and rode Tony's monster cock. Geez your wife was doing
five of us at one time just like a pro."

My head jerked back towards Tim again as he took control of the story again, "So
as you can see Denis, Blair was wanting us guys to show her a good time and we
did.  I think as the afternoon went on, every one of us had at least three or
four cracks at her. Boy Denis that is some great wife you have to fuck and suck
40 or 50 dicks.  You should have seen her when she finally headed home, Christ
she was one well fucked bitch and it sure showed with cum all over her face and
hair, her make-up and lipstick all smeared . . and cum running out of her well
used pussy and down her thighs.

"Here take a look Tony said as he handed me more pictures of my Blair with dicks
in her mouth and hands, of her being fucked and cum all over her.  My feeling
ran from disgust and excitement that my wife had her first gang bang and it sure
did show. The last picture of her laying on the chaise lounge with her legs off
the sides, showing cum leaking out of her pussy and a dazed look on her cum
covered face looked like she had been fucked silly.

It ended up with us helping her to put her bra and panties back on.  We did not
want her clothes to get covered with cum so we kept them here for her. I can
imagine what your neighbors down the street thought when they saw her wandering
home covered in cum in just her lace bra and panties" he finished with a chuckle
and dropped two more pictures of Blair walking down the street.  Nothing he told
me was an exaggeration as a matter of fact I think he held back some.

 I was just about ready to interject my comments about their story . . . I was
going to tell the group of them how it sure didn't sound to me that Blair had
been a willing participant, how it almost sounded to me that the group had
assaulted my wife......when suddenly the door bell rang. I sort thought it
strange that whoever it was would come by way of the front door, considering all
Tim's buddies had known enough to walk into the backyard. 

Tim popped up out of his chair, "Well.....well, our guest must be here!" he said
as he headed through the house to get the door.  I looked around at the group of
guys to try and get an idea of who "The Guest" was . . . if they knew, they
didn't show it other than smiling at each other.

It was a few minutes before Tim started to come out the sliding patio door, we
could see that he was leading someone carefully out behind him . . . then I
suddenly heard that voice.   "Timmy what are you up to? Why'd you call and ask
me to come down today? . . . my wife Blair was being led into the Wilson's
backyard.  I almost choked on my beer as I listened to Tim reply, "Oh come on
Jaclyn honey, we're just gonna have a little fun like the last time!"  As Tim
finally pulled Blair through the patio door, we all noticed that he tightly tied
a blindfold over her eyes . . . so she was therefore unaware of who was out by
the pool, including her husband. I also noticed that she was wearing a pretty
floral summer dress that she had bought at the start of the summer . . . a dress
with a rather deep plunging neckline and an open back that made it impossible to
wear a bra with it. Her hair was held up off her neck in a banana clip.  I
thought how beautiful she looked and wished she wasn't so they guys would not be
so intent on using her as a toy.

I can't let this happen I said and started to get up.  Tony who was standing
behind me lulled me back into the chair and whispered in my ear.  "You are not
going anywhere, just sit here and watch or else everyone in the neighborhood
where you both worker will get a nice photo album in the mail."

It suddenly came clear to me.  Tim and his buddies didn't just want to humiliate
Blair and me, they wanted to control both of us.

 "You liked having fun don't you Blair?" Tim asked my wife.  "Well . . . Blair
hesitantly stated to replied but did not finish answering as she was led into
the backyard.  Tim suddenly stopped and turned towards my wife "While Blair my
dear since you participated so willingly we're gonna have more fun today too." 
At the word willingly Blair hung her head.  "We're gonna play a little game and
to start, you aren't going to need this" he said with an evil grin as he reached
out and began unbuttoning my wife's dress. 

Blair tried a feeble protest, "Timmy, please no, you didn't say anything about
having to take my clothes off. You just asked me to come over please no!" she
cried out.  Tim playfully slapped her interfering hands away until he had
thought.  He said something to her that none of us could hear.  She began
shaking her head no then began unbuttoning her dress where he left off.  My wife
was stripping herself.

Tim looked over towards where we were sitting and gave his friends a wink, then
ceremoniously pulled the dress off her shoulders and away from her body. 
Suddenly there stood my wife, totally naked except for a pair of panties and her
heeled sandals.  She tried to cover up her naked titties with her hands, but Tim
simply pulled them away from her body as he scolded her "Come on Blair, don't
play modest with us baby . . . we've all seen you in your birthday suit before!
We all know you are very far from shy."

He seemed to be looking directly at me with a huge grin as he made his
statement.  I looked in disbelief at my beautiful wife, standing before the
group of men virtually naked except for the black panties she had on.  The late
afternoon sun shone upon her body and seemed to enhance her full 36" bosom and
highlight her erect nipples.

 "Timmy please" Blair pleaded "I feel silly like this, half naked and
blindfolded . . .  can I take this thing off my eyes?".  My wife began to reach
up to the cloth, but Tim reached out and quickly grabbed her hand.  "Now Blair! 
What have we been talking about and what did I just tell you house" Tim spoke to
her in a tone similar to that of a father warning a child.  I kind of wondered
what he meant by this last warning and it wasn't until days later that I found
out.  It turned out that Tim had been talking to my wife several times
reinforcing her humiliating behavior to put and keep her in a very vulnerable
state of mind.  In the house Tim had shown Blair more of the pictures and also
told her everyone in the neighborhood, her work and mine would get copies of
"porn star performance" if she put up a fuss. He also reminded her that I did
not know what had happened and if she did not do exactly as instructed by him
and his friends then he'd be forced to take the incriminating photos taken of
her at the party and show her husband  . . .  little did she realize that her
husband had already seen the photos  . . .  nor did she know that her I was one
of the men in the backyard.

"So lets stop being so silly Blair my dear and come on over here!" Tim
instructed as he dragged my wife blindly over towards the group.  Stopping in
front of Peter, Tim glanced about the men and with a wink commanded, "Okay men 
. . . present arms please!"  With a touch of laughter from the men, each rose
out of their chairs and slid down their shorts . . . each exposing their already
hardening cocks. 

Tim glared in my direction and then cleared his throat to get my attention   . .
. I soon realized that he expected for me to lower my shorts also.    Pushing my
wife down onto her knees between Peter's spread legs, Tim then further
instructed Blair.  "Okay sweets this is the game, you're gonna suck each one of
the guys cocks  . . . and you're gonna try to attach a name to the dick!  In
this game though there is a penalty for guessing wrong.  There are six of us
here and if you guess wrong then you get six spankings on each of your tight
little cheeks" Blair moaned a No and turned like she was going to run but
blindfolded and wearing only panties she thought better of it.

Tim almost callously stated.  "Now that shouldn't be hard  . . . should it
Blair, since you savored all the fella's members more than once only a few days
ago so this game of guess the cock should be real easy for a cocksucker like
you, right?  I felt my dick harden as her called my wife a cocksucker.

"Now get down on your hands and knees," Blair lowered herself,  "that's right
just like a dog."  Geez look at those tits hanging!  I don't think I have ever
seen a set so firm and perfect Tony exclaimed.

On all fours Blair was told she would have to crawl to whom ever coughs and
begin sucking the dick in front of her.  When the guy came she would have to
guess correctly or else he would spank her for not recognizing his cock.  Tim
added one more twist.  Blair would have to stay in the doggie position, no
hands, or else it would be ruled an incorrect guess.

I watched dumbfounded as my blindfolded wife crawled to the first guy and tried
to locate him from his one cough.  He just happened to be the farthest from her
and found his long hard shaft and took it in her mouth. With her hair up
everyone could see her cheeks collapse as she sucked.  Her head was bobbing up
and down and she moved it in circles to try to get Brent off as quickly as
possible.  Several times his dick popped out of her mouth and he would slap her
face with it till she found it again.  After the third time he put his hands on
the side of her head and fucked her face that way.

"Ughhhh!" Peter cried out as my wife administered oral pleasure to his tool. 
After what seemed like eternity, but in actuality was probably only a few
minutes   . . He shot his load into my wife's mouth.  She pulled off and the
last blast dribbled down her chin. Blair to no one particular stated, "This is
Brent. I can tell by how his sperm tastes."

Everybody laughed as Tim told her "Wrong silly Blair.  You took so many cocks
and loads I guess this is going to be harder than we thought."

Peter reached out and started to pull Blair over his lap as she began to
struggle a bit to avoid getting spanked.  The humiliation at the party was one
thing and the game of "Guess the Cock" but getting publicly spanked was another
matter.

Whoa what a minute Tim said.  To get the full effect she needs to be bare-assed. 
So Blair take those sexy little black panties off so you can get your reward for
guessing wrong.

"No!  This has...is too much Tim please don't...."

"Listen Blair I am not going to remind you again! He scolded her.  "You know the
stakes.  Which is worse?"

Blair sniffled and stood up and slid her panties off.  She was completely naked
except for her sandals.

Peter took her hand and laid her over his lap and not holding back gave her 12
smacks, 6 on each side.  She yelped after each one.  When he finished he pushed
her off his lap and With a evil grin said "Who's next? 

My humiliated wife her butt red with Peter's hand prints pulled herself back to
her hands and knees and crawled to the guy.

She got only one cock right, Tony's.  He was the biggest of the bunch by far and
though she could not guess the other cocks correctly obvious remember his
because of his length and width.

When Blair was on the second last cock the back door opened and I saw Stephanie,
Julie, Christine and two other women come out laughing.

Over her laughter she exclaimed. "Oh god don't tell me that cocksucker is back. 
Geez I would think she sucked enough cocks and spunk to last the rest of the
year."

Blair pulled her head off of Brent's cock and begged Tim to end her humiliation. 
With the women seeing her naked on her hands and knees, her ass bright red and
blindfolded she tried one more time to salvage what was left of her dignity. 
Tim just laughed and told her to finish playing the game.

The women sat down, their comments about my wife were cruder than the men's. 
The continuously made comments about her "udders" her slit and insatiable desire
to suck every cock she could.  Blair had strings of cum in her hair and dripping
off her chin.

"She sure must love sloppy cock sucking take a look at what a mess she is. I
sure am glad we have a camera to capture this time too." Christine said.  All
Blair could do was continue sucking and moan her intelligible protests.

"Hey I think the bitch is getting off on this.  Look at her cunt."  With the
comment everyone looked at my wife's pussy and saw how it was glistening.  How
could she possibly be enjoying such degradation?

Tim motioned for me to cough so my wife could give me a public blowjob.  Though
I was hard it was too much.

"Tim, please . . . no more!"  I pleaded.   As soon as she heard my voice, Blair
reached for the blindfold . . . hastily pulling off of her head.  With a
completely stunned look upon her face she gasped and said to Tim "how could you,
you bastard!"

Me? He laughed.  You're the slut first you tease us and then strip naked at the
party and get gang banged then you crawl around like a dog looking for a bone
and you ask me how could I?"

Oh leave the dumb slut alone Timmy," Stephanie said.  She knows what she is.

Blair began to whimper as she fought tears back while I just sat their wondering
if I would get a blowjob too.

Julie reached into a bag she was carrying and pulled out a dog collar and a
leash.  "I bought this for my dog but I think it would look better on you dear
Blair, or should I just call you Cocksucker from know on."

Completely degraded and stripped of her pride Blair did as she was instructed
and with out protest got down and crawled over to Julie so she could buckle the
collar around her neck. 

Stephanie took the leash and walked Blair around like a dog. As everyone she was
lead to fondled her and made disgusting comments she was finally lead over to a
small table and instructed to "Sit!"

She obediently did so.  "Since you did such a good job sucking all the cocks of
Tim and his buddies I think it is only fair that you get to get off Blair.  So
spread those legs and masturbate for us like the slut you truly are."

Blair hung her head.  Knowing she did not have a choice she rubbed her pussy and
stroked her clit.  She began to kneed her breasts and moan, as the forced
excitement became real excitement. "Smile for the camera too you fool!"  That is
when I saw Julie with a video camera capturing my wife pleasuring herself.

I was torn between grabbing Blair and storming out and the intense arousal I was
feeling as she continued publicly masturbating for the camera.

Blair's moans increased in intensity as she slid a finger into her pussy and
rubbed her clit. With her other hand she was pinching her nipples.  With a
sexual scream she finally came for everybody and especially the camera.

Tim then spelled out the rest of his plan. As he talked I felt the anger rise in
me but did absolutely nothing as my wife just sat and listened to her future.

He reiterated that we and especially Blair was in an extremely compromising
position.  For his and everybody's discretion the price was she would be the
"hostess" at every back yard part, post game get together.  This includes every
party Stephanie and her friends have too.  This would continue till either they
tired of her or "she is fucked silly."  In addition she was going to be the
teams bat girl and was told she would be at every single game to inspire the
team and distract their opponents.

I sat open mouth as I listened while Blair dropped her face into her hands and
cried.  He made us both verbal agree that we understood what was required of the
consequences and us.

Finished with us her told us we could leave.  When Blair went to retrieve her
dress to cover her nakedness Stephanie told her, "You are nothing but a cock
sucking slut so start acting like one.  Go home as you are.  I quickly took my
wife's hand and we left before they changed their minds and wanted to toy with
Blair some more.  We snuck through the back yards so no one would see my naked
cum covered wife.


Blair and I had a long talk after she recovered. We tried to figure out a way to
escape Tim, Stephanie and the rest of the group. Our savings where minimal and
could not offer to pack up and move to a different job and find new jobs.  Worse
we were both up for promotions.  I told Blair we need to do what ever we could
to just get by for the time being.

"You want me to be their fuck toy don't you?"

"No Blair I don't but what can we do?"  I hated seeing them humiliate her but we
were in a very weak position. I kept thinking of her sucking their cocks on her
hands and knees and felt my dick begin to harden. I told her again I did not
enjoy it at all.  I lied.

Denis, in spite of what you saw me do today please believe me that I hate
being.... degraded like that." Blair wiped a tear away. I knew she was being
honest and everything she had done was destroying her pride and dignity even
though I could not help thinking that she was getting some pleasure out of.....

We finally decided that the best course was to play along with Tim and when we
got our promotions to save as much money as possible and move from the
neighborhood.  We would try to convince him that we had left town so he would
not send the photos and videos to our work place.

It was the best plan we could come up with and it was full of holes.

Stephanie came by two days later with Blair's batgirl outfit.  She was stunned
and started weeping at how publicly humiliated she was going to be.  The
"uniform was the same colors as the teams. There were blue "4" heels with ankle
straps.  Blue stretch shorts that had a V cut in front that was a good three
inches below her belly button.  They were cut high in back so her cheeks would
hang out.  Her top was a white cut-off tank top with spaghetti straps.  She was
also told to put her hair in pigtails with ribbon and to leave the ends long.
Stephanie warned her to not wear a bra or panties as "cocksucking whores don't
wear things like that."  Then she left.

If we were not in our current situation if would have told Blair she looked so
hot dressed like a loose... the word bimbo came to mind and I would have ripped
off her brief clothing and taken her right there.  The top was too small and
showed every curve of her breasts and outline of her nipples.  The shorts were
extremely brief and tight and outlined her most private of parts.

We were both silent on the ride to the game.  I was instructed to bring her. 
The one good thing the games were played at a local park some miles from where
we lived decreasing the chance we would know anybody.  Unfortunately there were
three fields and the crowd was 90% men every one of which turned and watching my
wife strut in and go over to Tim's team.  I could not but help notice the dirty
looks from the woman watching the games going on.

I took a seat in the stands as Blair walked over to Tim and the other players. 
Several made crude comments and they all were glad their "good luck slut" as
they were calling her showed up.

One of the players I did not recognize but Blair seemed to pulled a wad of gum
out of his mouth and put it in hers. I way her wince at putting someone else's
used gum in her mouth.  Seeing her reaction her commented, "Don't worry about it
baby you have had more than my gum in your mouth."  Several players standing
near by chuckled.

Before the game started the whole team my Blair included gathered at home plate. 
She was in the center of the circle and the put their hands on her and shouted
"lets go!"  When they broke their circle several people in the stands whistled
and made comments about the whore they have for a batgirl as her clothes were
disheveled, her top pulled up over her breasts.

She quickly put herself reasonably back together.  Tim told her when she trotted
out to get the bat to stick her ass out and wiggle it and also shake her big
tits as he called them.  When she bent to pick a bat up she turned to the stands
and kept her legs straight.  All I could do was hang my head in shame, which my
wife did not seem to have.

She was really into the game and was jumping up and down and cheering.  Several
times her breasts were exposed as her top rode up on her.  She was giggling and
laughing with the players and seemed to be enjoying being the focus of
everyone's attention at the park. Every time she skipped out to get a bat the
people crowded around the field cheered her on.  It was so humiliating for me.

The team won by a 12 runs as the other team made several errors. If they brought
Blair to distract the other team it worked. 

She told me afterwards that she was told to be perky and empty headed or else. 
We both knew what the or else meant so I could only sulk.

After the game she left with several of the ball players for a victory party at
Tim's.  I was not invited and drove home alone.

It was three in the morning when she came in.  She was naked except for her
heels.  She had her clothes tucked under her arm.  She was covered in cum , her
breasts were red from being groped and her hair was dripping with I would find
out later urine. The team did not want her to go home so sloppy so they thought
it would be fun to try to wash the spunk off their "good luck slut."

She did not want to talk about it and just wanted to get cleaned up and go to
bed.  Her only comment was "I am such a slut."

I could not bring myself to go to the next several games.  Tim did not seem to
mind as he had what he wanted, my wife to be the teams dumb fuck toy.  I noticed
Blair's personality begin to change over the next couple of weeks. She seemed
distracted all the time and was spending more and more time hanging out a Tim's
or other players houses.  Stephanie had several parties for the girls and Blair
was told to attend.  She always cried after these and came home a few times with
very sore nipples and her backside glowing so I can imagine what they did to her
and had her do.  Her only comment was Stephanie hates her.

I had received my promotion but the money was not what I expected.  One day
after work Blair came home all excited.  It seemed my old Blair was back.  The
decision was going to be made by the end of the week on her promotion and it was
between her and one other person.  We celebrated that night, as it seemed our
plan had a chance to work.

The team had a big game coming up against their cross-town rival.  Stephanie
showed up the day before and told Blair they were going to get her ready for the
game.  I had noticed that around Stephanie, Blair was always docile, no
submissive, and seemed to be afraid of Tim's wife. Stephanie also never referred
to her by name but as Cocksucking Slut.

Blair came home several hours later.  I could tell she had been crying and was
stunned to see her.  Her shoulder length brunette hair had been permed giving
her a wild look.  Worse it was no longer brunette but blonde with strawberry
highlights.  My wife who had an intelligent elegant look about her now looked
like a blonde bimbo.

She pulled her shorts off and lowered her panties to show me what else had
happened to her.  In red letters was tattooed the phrase "I'm a cocksucking
slut."  Fortunately it was high enough that it would not show when she wore her
uniform. But it was a very permanent reminder of her place in society.

She called off work the next day as she was too embarrassed to show up with her
new hairstyle.

She was very dejected as we rode to the game.  Tim told me I had to be at this
game.  On the way Blair pooped her gum into her mouth and as she chewed smacked
her lips.  I told her she didn't have to do that.  With anger in her voice she
told me she is a cock sucking slut and stupid fool at that so I might as well
act like it.

I cringed at her words.  Did I let her down?

I drove slow to the park trying to postpone her impending humiliation again as
the teams slut.  She got worried because she would be late and did not want to
incur their wrath.  As soon as I put the car in park she jumped out and tried to
run as best she could in her heels.
I watched as she kept pulling her top down as the jiggling kept exposing her
breasts.

I walked up to the field and the team for their pre-game cheer already
surrounded Blair.  When they broke Blair turned to their opponents to tease and
taunt them when she froze.  She was looking at the company baseball team and
they were all staring and smiling at her as they recognized who it was.

The game was pure torture for Blair. If she was thinking clearly she would have
just walked off the field as her secret was exposed.  Instead she did what she
was trained to act like a perky bubble brained cheerleader.  I could tell though
she was humiliated by her co-workers stares and comments.

She tried to go to work the next day but it was hard.  Several days later she
came home and told me she quit.  She could not take the degrading comments,
groping and propositions. She summoned up what little pride she had and said she
was going to show them and was going to start looking for another job tomorrow. 
I was glad to see some of old Blair still there.

Stephanie though had other plans.  She called Blair and told her she had heard
about her quitting and she had another job already lined up for her.  My wife is
now the neighborhood maid and fuck toy.  She still has her strawberry blonde
hair but also pierced nipples.  She is gone for days at a time and never, ever
wants to talk about what happens.  I know though she is degraded, gang banged
and worse.  All our conversations are strained and I am looking forward to the
day when she is finally fucked silly so Tim and the others will leave us alone.

If you have any comments please send them to blairbrek@yahoo.com





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  blairbrek


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





