BDSM Library - Fantasy or Reality




Fantasy or Reality
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She went to meet her online master and mistress in person. The treatments she got were not quite what she expected. Was that an fantasy-comes-true experience or just a living hell reality?
Fantasy or Reality (NC, TOR)

Standard Disclaimers apply...the Nicks of living breathing people are
used with their permission and in no way reflects they are into...then
again ya never know.

Standard Disclaimer....The people here who have lent their nicks did
so for literary fun, the things depicted here are not necessarily what
they are into. Most of the tortures depicted would take weeks to
recover from...if at all. Do not imitate art with life.

The following people appear in the story with their permission. These
are only representations of these people and done strictly in fun.
They are not to be taken as gospel as to what these people are into,
about or even fantasize about. Rabidchia (with shoes), chuckg (who has
no idea what is about to happen to him) lizette (who will pay for
dragging her Master into this), merci and her significant Skruffy,
EvilKath (who went waaaay Dom to help me out), lovelyldy (who may
never forgive me for giving Guardian ideas) jessanne (who was the
first of the volunteers) DebiJean (who is a wonderful Domina and gonna
get a lot more evil here) Dude (who I just couldn't leave out)
and of course the Master of the Stage Effexx (FX here to save my
fingers)Nubaby in her own flashy style and the beautifully tormented
Brandy.

***************************************************************************
copyright 1:06 PM 1/28/97
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten 




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

1. Fantasy or Reality?

She had been talking with them on IRC for almost a year, email and
phone nearly as long.  Slowly she had come to trust them with her
fantasies. finally the time had come to meet, to learn and explore.
Plane ticket in hand, she faced the final step, would she find what
she sought or only disappointment. Taking a deep breath she made the
first step down the ramp to the plane. Could the stewardess see her
nervousness...apparently for she smiled and directed her to her seat.
"Don't worry, the flight is only a few hours and the weather is fine
the whole way. We'll be around after take-off with the drink tray."

Finally she put her bag in the overhead and settled into her window
seat. God how she wanted a cigarette...but it was no smoking the
entire way. She glanced at her fellow passengers and wondered if they
too had dreams like hers. Felt the yearning for more than she had
found. Karen picked up her book and tried to concentrate on the
words...but the reality of the planes take off drew her from the
dog-eared Sleeping Beauty book.

Five hours and a plane change later she descended into the night sky
of LAX. Smoothing down her silk dress and fluffing her hair...she took
several deep breaths and tried to remain calm as she retrieved her bag
from the overhead compartment. With head high she waited her turn to
exit the plane. 

Looking around the waiting area...she watched as families re-united. .
and went off to gather up luggage. There was no sign of her IRC
friends. Finally she sighed and thought to herself...they changed
their mind and are not coming. A tear trembled on the edge of her eye
as she made her way toward the exit and the luggage carousel. A hotel
for the night...and then maybe a flight home tomorrow. 

Reaching the carousel she was startled to see a man standing there
holding a sign. "Karen Peters" was written upon it. Karen approached
him.. it was not the face she knew from the computer pics, but a man
dressed in livery. "Ms. Peters? I am here to pick you up and take you
the rest of the way...do you have luggage?" She nodded relief choking
her voice...finally stammering out "Only two pieces....thank you". He
picked up the pieces that she indicated and led her through the glass
doors into the warm night beyond. Opening the door to a Black Sedan,
he helped her in and handed her a black envelope. Placing her luggage
in the trunk he entered the car and began to weave his way through the
airport traffic. Karen opened the envelope slowly and took out the
single piece of parchment. By the small reading light on the back of
the front seat she read what was written.

"Hello Karen welcome to LA...we decided not to meet you at the
airport, but to await your arrival at home. You are wearing the dress
we discussed? Good. You are to remove your stockings and panties...the
bra is to be removed as well. Once they are removed.. reach beneath
your seat, you will find a small black box there, open it and insert
the items you find in there in their proper places. The dress remains
open and raised. We are sure that you will know how as you are a very
smart girl. If it is not done by the time you are within 20 minutes of
the house...Tony will stop the car and do it for you. He will report
to us your compliance. Place your undergarments in the box and hand it
to him. 

Looking forward to our first look at you."




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

2. Tom and Mary  

Startled by what she has read Karen looks up to see Tony looking at
her through the rear view Mirror...His eyes dancing from it to the
road and back again. Blushing Karen reaches for the buttons on the
front of the silk dress.. and fumbles them open. She can feel his eyes
on her as she removes her bra and stockings...trying hard to remove
the panties.. and knowing that all on the road can see her with just a
glance. The leather feels so cold through her thin dress. Reaching
beneath the seat she finds the black box and opens it. Eyes wide she
feels her stomach knot as she looks at the contents of the box.. a
dildo and butt plug made of ebony with a thin silver chain joining
them, a silver lock, and a black ball gag with lock. Her hands shake
as she removes them from the box, feeling the slickness and knowing
they are oiled to make it easy. Her face pale, she looks up to see
Tony smiling at her...an eagerness to "help" her insert them evident
on his face. Reluctantly she folds and places her garments in the
box.. and lays back on the seat to insert the dildo and plug.
Immediately her eyes begin to tear as her ass and cunt catch fire,
every instinct screaming at her to pull them from her body as the hot
oils they have been soaked in sear into her flesh. Resolve alone
forces her fingers to fit the chain around her and lock it. With fear
she takes the ball gag and inserts it into her mouth, locking it in
place, only to see Tony nod and begin to pull the car into a rest
area. Getting out of the car, Tony opens the back door and reaches for
her, roughly pushing her forward on the seat. He pulls her arms behind
her and she feels the cold touch of metal as he handcuffs her wrists.
Frantically she struggles as he parts her legs...and pushes to make
sure dildo and plug are well seated, his fingers tracing her labia and
invading her flesh. She can feel him rolling her dress up over her
hip.. and securing it with something to her cuffs.. finally he helps
her sit up and pushes her back against the seat leather. Taking the
blouse portion of her dress he pulls it back behind her heavy breasts
and then secures it open with a cord wrapping it around her upper
arms. Fear dances in her eyes as she realizes just how helpless she
has become. There is nothing to stop him as he opens a small vial and
smiles coldly at her. Pouring a little of the clear liquid on his
fingers he massages it into her nipples and breasts. Karen screams as
the oils burn into the flesh. Little escapes the gag. Looking at her
and judging her ready he closes the door and starts the car again...'A
little music Miss?" pushing in a tape, and smiling as the clear
strains of Night on Bald Mountain fill the car...




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

				3. The First Look

Karen could not help herself...cuffed and plunged both for and aft on
the leather car seat.. she squirmed as the oils burned into her tender
flesh.. her breasts cold and hot at the same time. She became all to
aware of Tony's appreciative glances and smiles as her body responded
to the oils. So lost was she in the sensations she barely noticed when
they turned off the highway and finally arrived at an Iron Gate. Tony
pressed a button on the dash and the gates silently opened then shut
behind the car. A few brief moments more and he smoothly glided to car
to a halt in front of a large Tudor Style home. Stepping from the car,
he opens the back door and reaches in to pull Karen from the car. A
few adjustments to her dress and a fluff of her hair by him brings her
to some awareness. With some trepidation she looks up at the 3 story
home, taking in its size and a little of the grounds before she is
gently moved toward the door. I knew that he was important...but oh
god..., Karen thought to herself. Pressing the doorbell Tony moved
away leaving her standing exposed before the door and got back into
the car...driving around the house.

Karen shook in the warm night air, what would greet her when the door
opened. Would they really like her? Send her away? Slowly the door
opened...and Karen looked into the coldest ice blue eyes she had ever
seen.

"Tom, She's here," Mary looked Karen over then made room at the door
for her husband. Critical dark brown eyes looked over the young girl
standing before them...took in the chain holding her cunt and ass
filled...the flush of pain and need that filled her face as she
blushed. "Yes, pretty little toy isn't she Mary. The cunt should do
quite nicely." Tom deep baritone words brought a bright blush to
Karen's face. She could not speak a word, her jaws aching from the
ball gag filling them...her thoughts still her own. "Are these the
same people....oh god please.. they talk like I'm not a person...do I
dare look up?" She kept her eyes cast on the porch...

"Come in Slut! Don't just stand there like a whore selling her
wares...inside now!" Mary's rich contralto twisted into Karen's soul.
Taking a deep breath she tried twice before her knees unlocked and she
entered the house. The door closed and locked behind her with a sound
of finality. Standing in the foyer, she tried to cry out in pain as
her hair was gripped from behind and she was forced to her knees on
the cold wood floor. "Kneel before your betters Cunt!" Fear gripped
her tight in its hold her cunt clenching in response to the pain. The
hand forced her head even further down until it touched the floor, her
ass and cunt exposed and raised high in the air. Three hands explored
her exposed body, pinching nipples and clit, checking the dildo and
butt plug. "I think she told us the truth dear...she seems virtually
unused...not a mark on her. Let's get her in the playroom shall we? We
can look her over completely there." Mary turned and picked up
something from the table in the foyer.. Karen could hear her moving
about then the fumbling at her head as she was blindfolded. The cold
feel of chain being fastened about her throat froze her breath in her
chest.. the links were led between her swaying breasts and up between
her legs to the cuff at her hands. "Time for your first lesson cunt.
Unless instructed you do not leave your knees in our presence.. you
crawl." Her head was pulled up..."Do you understand me bitch?" Toms
voice sent shivers through it.. there was no warmth in it at all.
Karen frantically nodded her head.. and then yelped behind the gag as
the chain was cruelly jerked, the cold links yanking her head down and
scraping across her clit. Tom wrapped the handle tight in his fist and
stepped off briskly following his wife...Karen scrambling on her knees
across the wood floor until she hit rug...falling. Again he yanked the
chain as she struggled to her knees again. With her hands bound she
tried twice to get to them...each failure causing him to yank upward
with the leash. "Clumsy cunt...Don't make me wait!" He stepped out
again pulling her along behind him to struggle as best she could. The
thick rug felt soft under her knees and she was grateful for the
respite from the wood. Confusion wrapped her...she had expected to
have sometime to get to know them before they did anything. Now she
had had nothing but sensations and rush since she got into the car.
Had she handed herself over to two insane persons for two
weeks...would she survive or even want to when they were done with
her?

Pulling Karen across the rug....Tom smiled at Mary and nodded. This
would be an interesting two weeks and maybe if she was the right
one...she would be theirs. Mary grinned and opened the heavy wood door
to the Playroom. Stepping out onto the polished tile floor she looked
around to make sure that all was ready. After so long in talking with
Karen they were both a bit nervous. Experienced they knew that she was
one who would have to be rushed, overwhelmed and given little time to
think. That was all that was needed and she would be their play toy
for life...if she was strong enough to withstand their tastes. She sat
in the high backed chair as Tom dragged their slave to be into the
room. Tom gave a last jerk on the chain and Karen was propelled into
the room to fall sprawling on the cold tile. Not a sound was heard in
the room save Karen's soft sniffs as she tried to control her fear.
Time seemed to stretch....as Karen tried to pull herself
together...gone was thoughts of pain in her ass and cunt.. the ache in
her jaws as she tried to hear what they were doing. She lay where Tom
had dragged her, head touching the floor, not daring to move without
permission. "She IS clever isn't she dear...she learns so quickly,
maybe all that time we spent on her in IRC was worth it." Tom looked
over at his wife's words and nodded. "If she lives through the next
two weeks She just might be worthy.. if not...well there's always the
disposal." Karen cringed at his words..."disposal?"

"Cunt welcome to our home...you have already agreed to our rule of
you. For the next two weeks you will learn what that means. All
choices have been stripped from you from the time you accepted the
ticket from us. Do you understand?" Mary's voice cut through the cool
air. "You have had the fantasy play and we have decided that you were
of some little interest to us....now the reality is here and you will
suffer...you can beg...cry, scream, anything you want to do. Actually
we will enjoy it, this room is sound proof and the nearest neighbor is
too far away to hear. What you want or need does not matter to
us...only your flesh and mind. Nothing is yours. At the end of the two
weeks your clothes may be returned to you...if you survive...or they
may not. It makes little difference to us. You are ours to use as we
see fit for the next two weeks.. no escape.. no safewords...no out. Do
you hear me cunt?" Karen huddled on the floor and slowly nodded.. she
heard them but could not believe what she heard. She had consented to
come and visit.. to get to know them.. to explore her fantasies...but
now....

Tome moved behind her and gripped the dress raised around her hips and
opened in front. Karen started as a knife slid between her and the
cloth slicing it cleanly and leaving her naked to their eyes as her
flesh was bared. He raised her to her feet and pulled the chain from
between her legs...linking it high onto a hook lowered from the
ceiling. Mary pressed the button on the remote control in her hand and
the hook rose silently, taking up the slack in the chain. Karen gasped
as she was raised onto her toes...barely touching the floor. Tom
looked appreciatively at the taut body before him. Quickly he secured
another set of cuff to her wrists and unlocked one side of the first
pair. Automatically Karen's arms dropped the raised to grip at the
chain holding her throat tightly...Tom reaching for each and prying
her fingers lose clipped them over her head to the chain. Mary brought
over a locking collar and placed it around the girls neck.. thickly
padded it would prevent her from being strangled if she
slipped...swiftly the chain was unhooked and linked to the rings in
the collar. A press of the button took up the last of the slack.
Finally Tom removed the blindfold so that they could watch her face.
Mary turned off the lights save for a spot light on the girl.

Karen's eyes watered as the light hit her eyes....she could barely see
with the spotlight over head...she looked at the graceful curve of her
arms over her head and shivered at the cuffs binding them...metal,
there would be no escape. She could feel the chain being unlocked from
her waist and screamed into the gag as the butt plug was roughly
removed from her ass. Relief flooded over her as the dildo was
removed. She could hear them moving but was unable to see them because
of the position her head was in....she was therefore un-braced when a
searing pain lashed around her back and
waist....CRAAAAAAAAAAACCCKKKKKKKKKK!!!! Nine lashes attacked her
breasts from the front...burning their way across her nipples and
tender breast meat...she swung backwards under the impetus only to be
met again by the lash from behind. Karen's body twirls as the whips
bite into her flesh...her screams of pain muffled by the gag. Tom and
Mary watched as the girl writhed, a leg drawing up as she tried to
protect herself, only to drop again in time for the next lash to
strike. SWWWWIIIICCCCCCCCCCCCCCCRAAAAAAAAACKKK!!! Each lash raised a
bright red welt...spotlighted in the dark, their only focus. Finally
they stopped as Karen hung limp from the chain...appreciative eyes
taking in the lacing of welts on the girls creamy skin. 

Tom moved to release her from the chain, drawing her arms behind her
once again to fasten them. Slowly he lowered her to the cold tile
floor. Karen could only lay there and weep silently....she did not
have the strength to even try and escape. Gently Mary sat next to her
and drew her into her arms...her hands touching and tracing the welted
flesh. Tom left them to their private moment. He knew how much his
wife enjoyed them. Karen expecting, fearing more pain broke under the
gentle caresses...her tears and body expressing what her gagged mouth
could not. Tom looked at his watch and then at his wife...it was
late...really the early hours of the morning and Karen had had a busy
day and night. Mary nodded, it was time to prepare the little toy for
sleep. She would get little enough as it was and she needed to get
used to her "room". Tom brought over the antiseptics and treated the
welts gently with them...neither of them wanted her to infect. It
would spoil their play. Karen flinched with every touch. "Time for bed
little one....you are going to need your rest." Mary's voice was
warm...but there was something about the way she said it that made
Karen look up at her face. Mary's face clouded! "Wrong move CUNT!" Her
hands so gentle a moment before grabbed the girls hair and pushed her
head down. "You NEVER look at us! Your eyes don't leave the floor or
you will not be allowed to use them at all while you are here!" Karen
weakly struggled under the pressure of Mary's hand, finally dropping
her head. "Please God...anything but more pain...please", her frantic
prayers bounced in her head. Tom leaned over and picked her up. "Bed
for her Mary...you can teach her in the morning the rules she will
live by."

He carried her to a corner of the room and Karen's eyes widened in
fear of what awaited her there. Not a bed such as she had at
home...the softness she craved right now was not to be. Instead there
was nothing but a cage...the top standing open. Her eyes took it in
..only 3' high it was just long enough for her body...the ends of
clear plastic one with a padded hole cut in it, the sides barred.
Inside was a small leather hassock. Tom smiled as he lowered her into
it
placing her neck through the hole and sliding the top piece in place
locking it. With her head secured in place he uncuffed her hands and
attached them to the wrist cuffs riveted to the bottom of the cage.
Carefully he adjusted her on the hassock so that her heavy breasts
swung freely, then tucked her legs crosswise behind her. They just fit
in the space that remained. Mary brought over a bottle and smiled at
him..."She shouldn't get too much rest dear...here, this will help."
Tom took the bottle and looked at the label.. then smiled as he poured
a generous amount on his hand. Deftly he inserted his fingers into her
wet cunt and spread the oil around. Another handful was applied in her
anus.. still loose from the plug. Closing the top of the cage, they
watched as Karen jerked and writhed in the tight confines...removing
the ball gag from her mouth they stood and listened as the girl
finally was able to scream out her pain. Karen was lost in the deep
burning of her ass and cunt....unaware of when they finally left.

"Ah.. my love ..you were right as always...Jalapeno Oil will do it
every time." Tom smiled and kissed his wife as they left the room.




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

                        4. Morning Breaks

Karen spent what was left of the night trying to get some rest...the
fires from the oils had finally burned out...or maybe it was her ass
and cunt. She didn't know. Cramps knotted her calves periodically,
waking her with her own screams. But at long last she was able to get
some sleep. There was no way for her to know that Tony was watching
her on close circuit. "They have really found a good one this
time.. hope she makes it through the training period and stays. I'm
going to enjoy her." He watched through the early morning hours to
insure that she came to no unintentional harm. Karen finally drifted
into the sleep of exhaustion, the pain in her flesh forgotten and
soothed by the ease of rest.

A hand fisted in her hair snatched her from her sleep. "Morning Slut,
you are a lazy bitch sleeping away the morning." Confusion racked
her...Pain, she could not move, where was she? Karen's eyes opened and
she caught herself before she looked up... "Oh God.. California.. Sir
and
Miss...I thought it was just a nightmare", "Hungry Cunt? Thirsty?"
Toms voice had an edge to it she trembled to hear. "Please.. Sir.. yes
Sir. "Then earn it Slut." Tom pulled his cock from his shorts and
offered it to her mouth. Karen obediently took his cock in her mouth,
her tongue dancing over the head. His hand did not release her hair
instead using it to guide her head up and down on his shaft. "You can
do better than that Bitch...work on it!" Karen's struggled to get more
of his cock in her mouth, the hole in the cage preventing her from
moving down on it. "Useless Slut. You are going to learn to service
and worship my cock the right way." Tom smiled down at the back of her
head...actually she was not bad at it, but he had other plans for her
mouth. Concentrating not on the sensations her mouth was giving but on
his full bladder, finally he began to piss. 

"Ahhuuuuuuuugggggggggrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgggggggg" Karen's head
snapped back as the strong acrid hot liquid filled her
mouth..."Nooooopleauuuuuuuuuuuuurghh" Tom forced his cock to the back
of her throat. "Drink it bitch Swallow!!! What you don't you will lick
up." Karen bucked in the cage, trying to escape but barely able to
move.. finally yielding and swallowing before she drowned. "That's
right little cunt...good girl...you said you were thirsty. Its all you
will get until you learn to beg for it." He squeezed the last drops
from his bladder into her mouth and wiped his cock on her face.
Karen's
stomach heaved in rebellion. "Keep it in you cunt or you will lick
that from the floor as well." Mary's voice sounded from behind
her...stern and cold. Karen strained and finally brought her stomach
under control. She felt the plastic panel behind her  slide up and out
of place and screamed as her legs dropped from their frozen position.
The cramped muscles protested.. taking out on her their pain. Mary's
hand slid between her thighs and teased at her clit. "Such a pretty
pussy. So sweet and tight. But I bet you need to use the bathroom
don't you dear?" Karen did not trust the sweetness in Mary's voice.
She
could feel Mary spreading something cold and slick on her cunt, and
her muscles clamped in fear that it was another oil. "shuuuusshhh
dear...It's ok....easy...easy..." With a scream Karen attempted to
come through the front of the cage. Mary's hand slammed down nearly
sprawling the girl. "STAY IN POSITION!" She continued to thread the
large catheter into Karen's Bladder. Frantic Karen attempted to piss
it
out...but the catheter inexorably advanced until it was seated. Mary
clamped it off and opened the top of the cage. "There that wasn't so
bad dear...now you piss when I say you do.. not before." Her fingers
probed up high in the girls ass. "Tom I think you are going to find
her a bit tight. Do you want me to stretch her before the first fuck?"
"Nah. Much more fun the first time if she's nearly virgin." Tom smiled
at his wife as she took his cock in hand, massaging it to rampant
hardness. Mary placed the head of it right at the tight rosebud as Tom
began to push in slooooooooooooooowly. With no where to go all Karen
could do was scream as her ass was opened by the dry cock. Halfway
home Tom lunged.. pushing in fully to the base, feeling the ass split
and tear open to admit him. "NONONONONONONONONONONONONONO" Every
muscle stood out in Karen's body under the assault and pain. Tender
tissues burned by the caustic pepper oil all night and now this sent
her screaming into a bucking fit. Tom gripped her hips and let her
buck, knowing she would do more to cause herself pain as she did. It
did not take long before he felt the first throb of cumming. "Mary" he
gasped, "Would you?" Mary smiled and moved to the side of the cage,
reaching through the bars she gripped Karen's nipples in both hands
and twisted them. Karen's ass moved faster with the onslaught of new pain,
pushing Tom past the point of no return.
"Yessssssssssssssssssssssssssssss!!!" Tom unloaded for the first time
in the slaves tight ass. His cum racing and searing deep into her
bowels. Karen's continued to weep and scream as her ass was taken for
the first time by a man. She had played with dildos and plugs but
always small ones. This was a real cock and it was dry raping her ass.
Finally Tom pulled out of her ass, looking down at the blood and cum
seeping slowly from it. Walking over to a draw in a nearby cabinet, he
chose a large butt plug with a ring at the bottom. Moving back to the
caged girl, he pressed it home hard. Listening to her scream as the
plug seated fully. "There That should hold it in place." His hand slid
down to Karen's cunt...and reached inside. "Mary she is perfect. Did
you feel how wet she is?" "I know. Her body is a slaves body. She will
train nicely." Mary moved back behind the girl and led the catheter
through the ring in the butt plug and over her back. "Could you be a
dear and get the feeder gag?" she looked up at her husband. Tom
brought over the penis shaped rubber gag. Moving to insert it in
Karen's mouth he pinched her nose shut until she opened her mouth.
Fastening the gag tightly he attached the other end of the catheter to
the opening. Mary mean time uncuffed Karen's wrist and then recuffed
them to the back of the broad padded hanging collar. At long last they
released her head and backed her from the cage.  Karen could feel the
catheter leading up her back and around to her mouth and shook in
fear. "they mean it...oh God they mean it. . I'm going to drink
nothing but...oh god not my own piss!" Karen broke and ran. Stumbling across
the rooms floor she hit the door with her body, desperately trying to
escape.

The door would not give. It barely shook under her hurtling weight.
Again and again she hit the door, until finally she dropped weeping to
the floor. Mary's voice rang out through the room.

"You were told never to stand in our presence. That is RULE 1" 
"Rule 2. You will never look anyone in the face.. your eyes do not
leave the floor. Rule 3. You will refuse NOTHING that ANYONE demands
of you."

 Toms voice followed his wife' rivaling it in intensity. "You are
ours for two weeks. The word no means nothing to us. If you receive
some pleasure it is because we have decided you earned it. If all you
receive is pain it is because it amuses us. Every inch of you belongs
to us for these two weeks. Nothing belongs to you. You are nothing, a
slave, a toy for our pleasure. Learn it quick girl, you'll be happier
that way." Tom stalked over to the weeping girl and grabbed her by the
hair. Turning he dragged her behind him, paying little attention that
she was scrambling to keep up and her hair attached. Lifting her he
placed her upon a table and strapped her legs apart. A belt was
brought over her waist and another her chest until she was
immobilized. Mary walked over to the table bearing a Swedish massager
and a crop. Strapping the massager over the girls bladder and plugging
it in she turned it on. Karen moaned into the gag as the machine began
to vibrate her full bladder...the need to pee was becoming even
greater.
Mary released the clamp. "Piss bitch!" Karen shook her head and fought
the urge to release. "I said PISS" With a stand of defiance Karen held
her bladder, knowing that there was some that would leak but she would
put no pressure behind it. "For the crimes of defiance, standing, and
running from us you will receive 20 crop blows to the bottom of each
foot." Tom took up the crop and stood to the side. His eyes gleamed as
he drew his arm back and brought the crop snapping down in the arch of
her left foot. SwiSNAP! SWISNAP!! SWISNAP!!! SWISNAP!!!!
SWISHSNAP!!!!! the first five blows landed parallel to each other in
the arch. Karen's eyes nearly bugged from her head as her body arched
against the straps. Raw Crippling pain blazed through her foot and
straight through her body.  The next Five landed on the ball of the
foot and Karen was screaming her throat raw into the gag. Her head
banging back on her cuffed hands and the table. Again he struck the
left foot crossing the heel...Karen was promising anything to stop the
pain.. but could say nothing. Her mind was racing into all corners
trying to find an out. He brought the last five straight down the
soles of the foot crossing the other welts. Looking down at the girl
he was pleased to see her avoid his eyes. Tears flooded her cheeks and
her body shook with the pain. So hard had she jerked against the bonds
that they had left prints in her flesh. "Now for the other foot."
Karen's bladder gave way in fear and her piss raced up the catheter to
her mouth. Softly Mary's voice came with the first release..."PISS"




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

				5. Noon

Karen knelt on the floor by the dining room table, her head bowed. She
wondered if she would ever walk again, both feet had received 20 crop
strokes and were swollen to immobility. Though Master Tom and Miss
Mary had treated them afterward, the constant pain reminded her of the
bargain she had made. Foolishly she had given into her fantasies to be
completely owned and trained as a slave. She had gotten on the plane
yesterday for a 2 week vacation with the couple she had spoken to for
a year.. and now she was living the reality. All she had had to drink
was her own and Master Toms piss, her throat burned from its use, she
was grateful to Miss Mary for clamping the catheter off, but feared
the next time she deemed Karen to be thirsty. No food had entered her
body since the planes dinner and she had been so nervous she could
barely eat that. She was able to ignore the ache in her ass from the
butt plug, but the welts still burned their message into her skin. She
was nothing more than a toy for their enjoyment. 

Mary and Tom continued to eat... occasionally glancing down at the
slave kneeling between them. They had talked well into the early
morning hours about just how hard to push her the first days here.
Mary smiled over at Tom. "The cunt is learning quickly.. she will soon
know her place Tom." 'Do you think that she will be ready for the
party on Saturday Mary?" "Of course...I definitely think we were right
about this one. No family, her only friends on IRC. A job that doesn't
expect her back for two weeks. Not a problem Tom. We can push her as
hard as her body will take." Karen shook hearing the words..."a party?
I won't be able to stand for a month...and oh my god they were looking
for someone with no ties. There's no one to miss me if I die." Karen
watched the tear hit the marble floor beneath her.

"I wonder if she is hungry yet?" Tom looked down at the kneeling
slave.. "Tony bring me a bowl of food for her" Tony smiled and nodded
going back into the kitchen. Karen could hear the sound of a can
opener faintly, and Tony's' returning footsteps. Mary reached down and
unstrapped the gag as Tom placed the bowl before her. Karen worked her
jaws grateful for the release from the gag and looked at the bowl
before her. It looked like stew.. but she could see that it was cold
and it looked a little strange. The bowl was stainless steel and
shallow. She waited for them to uncuff her hands, and slowly realized
that they were not going to. Tony reached between her legs and grabbed
her cunt his other hand moving to her shoulders as he pushed and
lowered her to the floor so that her head would be in the bowl if she
did not hold it up. As her face hovered over the bowl she realized it
did not even smell like canned stew..."Nonononononononono its dog
food!! I can't eat this...they don't expect.. me.." Karen started to
look up and say something but caught herself reminded by the pain in
her feet. 

"Well bitch don't you like your food. It's well balanced and top of
the line. Just the right nutrition for a cunt like you?" Mary's voice
was sarcastic and cold. "eat it or starve bitch. It is all you will
see in your bowl, and it won't get any fresher." Karen looked down
with dismay and ran the tone of voice over in her head. She could tell
that Miss meant it, and that if she wanted to eat she had no choice.
She was embarrassed to hear her stomach rumble in hunger. Slowly she
opened her mouth and tried to take the first bite. Tears of misery
dripped into the bowl and salted the food as she reached in with her
tongue and lapped up the first piece. Maybe if she swallowed quickly
she wouldn't taste it. But the piece was too large for that and she
had to chew. She had read of elderly and poor people having to live on
dog and cat food...if they could do it...so could she. 

Tom and Mary looked on with pride as Karen took the first bites. Many
applicants had been rejected, failing this test. They would rather
starve before eating the dog food. This one just might be the one...if
she made it through all that was done to her, they would either have
the slave they wanted or...well that didn't bear to be thought about.
Mary reached down and stroked the girl as she finished the food in her
bowl. "What do you think dear...a treat for her for finishing all of
her food?" Tom looked up.. "Perfect, maybe she would like a bath, to
get cleaned up a bit?" Mary nodded and looked at Tony. "Tony, be a
darling and prepare a bath for her" Tony smirked.. "A full bath Miss
or?" Mary laughed and Karen trembled. "Yes a full one." Karen's mind
raced...a hot bath...bubbles ...oh that would feel sooooo good. Tony
left the room and Mary finished her lunch.

When Tony returned he was in shirt sleeves, revealing an impressive
pair of biceps. With easy he picked Karen up off the floor and carried
her from the room. Karen happy not to have to crawl leaned against his
strong chest. Her body relaxing for a brief moment as he carried her
down the hall to a gleaming bathroom. She was amazed to see just how
elaborate it was, gleaming in white and chrome. A table stood to one
side, stainless steel and a deep tub to the other. Tony placed her
upon the table. Finally her hands would be released, she thought. Tony
firmly pressed her down onto the table, forcing her to lay on her
back. The cold steel goose bumped her back and made her gasp. "Speak
and the gag goes back in." Karen immediately locked her jaws. "Miss
wants you bathed.. and bathed you will be." His hands moved rapidly,
surely to secure her legs to the table and then her head.  Karen began
to panic...what was he going to do to her...this wasn't part of taking
a bath. Reaching beneath the table Tony released the leaves raising
and spreading her legs wide. "Wha" the word was barely out of her
mouth before Tony inserted the gag. He had been waiting. With little
tenderness he yanked the butt plug from her ass. Karen banged her head
on the table as the pain overwhelmed her. A drain board was attached
to the edge of the table and he turned to reach for the enema bag.
Swiftly he threaded the nozzle into her ass, then released the
clamp. The first enema was only a quart he know she could bear that
easily, The hot soapy peppermint solution ran into her and he inflated
the nozzle leaving her trapped and filled. Karen's mind raced, drawn
to the fullness and the need to expel the water. It had not been too
hot but hot enough to warm her clit and she was acutely aware of the
burn in her ass from the peppermint. She listened to Tony as he moved
about in the room. Finally he approached her again, with a deft hand
her released the nozzle and Karen began to panic. Wasn't he even going
to let her up to use the toilet???? She tried to hold the water in as
long as possible. "Expel bitch" Tony's voice echoed in the bathroom as
he pressed hard on her belly. From toes to head KAREN turned beet red
as helpless she released the dirty water behind her. Thank heaven
that's over with...she thought and then panicked as the nozzle began
once again to fill her...this time the water was hotter...burning its
way inside her ass. Tears once again leaped to her eyes as her belly
swelled tighter and tighter, feeling as if it would split. Finally he
stopped it. Karen's body had a mind of its own and writhed on the
table. Desperately it tried to release the water from her guts, the
cramping growing greater with each passing moment. "I will be back."
She could hear Tony leave the room. Each moment felt like a year...the
cramps growing greater and greater. Sweat broke out on her body and
dripped to the table beneath her. Her moans filled the room and her
ears. After what seemed an eternity Tony reentered the room. Again her
released the nozzle and pushed hard on her belly. "Expel bitch", this
time the voice was Mary's. Karen screamed into the gag as the water
was pushed from her body so rapidly that it felt like her asshole was
ripped. With widened eyes she grunted in pain as the butt plug was
replaced. A small soft hand caressed her forehead as Mary's face came
into view. Karen's eyes snapped shut. "Good girl...such a good
girl...you took all of 2 quarts that time." Karen flushed at the
phrase, her head bound unable to lean into the gentle touch as she so
wanted to do. Each gentle caress was becoming precious...they were so
few. The praise thrilled through her body.

Meanwhile Tony busied himself between her legs. Karen could feel
something cold and hard being pressed into her cunt and thought to
herself.. it is only a douche.. that can't be so bad. Needless to say
she was wrong. As her body relaxed under the gentle touch of Mary's
hand Tony turned on the water. Immediately the thin hose filled to
pressure and began to flood ice cold water into Karen's cunt washing
it out. The shock of the temperature change sent the girl arching
against her bonds, helpless. Every muscle contracted hard in response
as her scream was blocked by the gag. "shushhhhhhhhh...its ok.. easy
...good girl...you want to be clean....that's it." Watching as Karen
began to shake from the cold, Mary signaled Tony to stop the water. He
removed the hose from the girls cunt and rinsed off the drain. The tub
is ready whenever you want her in it Miss. Mary looked up at
him..."Then lets get the little slut bathed."

Tony released the straps and lifted the shivering girl from the table
carrying her to the tub. Gently he lowered her into it. Karen was
braced for the worst, but only found warm water greeting her. Taking a
sponge he began to scrub her skin...his touch efficient and thorough.
He was surprisingly gentle with her bruised and torn feet...his touch
light against the welts from the night before on breasts and ass. Even
her hair was washed. Karen slowly relaxed.. the ache leaving her tired
muscles. She began to drift to sleep. Tony removed the gag...and
Karen's eyes snapped open in confusion. "Open your mouth." Obediently
Karen opened her mouth only to find him running a waterpic over her
gums. A small cup was held to her mouth and she tentatively took a
sip..listerine ...safe. She gargled with it and spit into the bowl he
held beneath her mouth. Reinserting the gag, Tony picked her up from
the tub. A towel quickly made work of drying her  as she lay on the
table again. Taking a handful of lotion her began to massage her
easing the aches and pains from her flesh. Again exhaustion claimed
her as she drifted back to sleep under his hands.  

Assured that the slave was fully asleep Mary indicated that he should
return her to the play room. Pushing the table Tony wheeled it from
the room and down the hall. Karen barely stirred as Tony slide a
suspension belt under her...and placed cuffs on her ankles. Unlocking
her hands he attached a cable to each cuff, the collar and the belt.
Tom waited until he nodded and then hit the buttons controlling the
winch motors. 

Karen snapped awake as her body left the table.. struggling as her
limbs were drawn spread eagle away from her body as it rose. The day
wasn't over.  




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			6. Still In Hell

Every muscle in Karen's body was strained as she was pulled spread
eagled and suspended in mid-air. The thickly padded collar prevented
her from moving her head. The chains tension left her little leeway to
look right or left. Finally the winches stopped, the girl suspended 5
feet off the floor. Tony removed the table from beneath her. 

Karen had no fear of falling, she was held so tightly and securely,
but all thoughts of sleep had vanished from her mind. Slowly it dawned
on her just how open and vulnerable she was. There was no way to move,
her legs drawn so far apart that her cunt gaped open. Gagged she was
unable to even beg them for mercy, not that she felt they would so
any. From the first moment she had gotten in the car she had been
controlled, tortured and used.

"Perfect height Tom." Mary smiled. Let me just get cleaned up and we
can begin. "Tony would you mind getting out my tray...the other things
are in the autoclave." Mary went over to the sink and began to wash
and sterilize her hands. Finally she snapped on a pair of surgical
gloves that Tom was holding for her. Tony rolled a small steel table
over to the autoclave and extracted a tray of items. Karen could hear
him rolling it beneath her but was unable to turn her head and see
what he had brought. 

'Hmm Tom she needs to be shaved do you want to do the honors?" Tom
grinned and gathered up a sharp straight razor and shaving lather.
Stepping over to the girl he laid the razor and lather cup on her
belly. "One sec while I get the strop and sharpen this." "Tony could
you pull her legs a little wider?" Tony smiled and pressed the button.
Karen screamed into the gag as her legs were pulled into a perfect
split. "Excellent.. hold her right there!" Tom proceeded to lather
Karen's cunt with the shaving brush. The tickle as it moved over her
clit and flash of pain when it touched the catheter caused her to
jerk. Bound she went nowhere. Taking the freshly stropped razor in
hand Tom began to draw the sharp blade over the lathered mons. "Don't
move...I don't want to cut anything off "accidentally"" Karen's froze
in fear. Finally satisfied that he had removed every strand of hair,
Tom wiped her down with a hot towel. Steaming hot it felt as if
Karen's cunt was being scalded. "Shall I sterilize the area Mary?"
"Thanks dear the stuff should be on the tray." Tom looked and found
the bottle of antibacterial solution, and the alcohol...Liberally
dousing the freshly scraped and shaved skin with the alcohol, Tom
stood back to enjoy the agonized screams coming from the girl and the
play of tortured muscles as she tried to writhe. After the burn had
slowed he painted her mons with the betadine...enjoying as her cunt
turned an iodine red. "The color becomes you Slut. Maybe we should
keep that pussy bright red with welts." Karen of course said nothing
only trembled. Satisfied Tom stepped back as Mary approached.

Her body tensed as she felt Mary's' gloved hand probing her labia,
pulling them outward. "Yes I think she will do wonderfully" soft moans
flowed from beneath the gag as Mary teased and pulled at the lips.
Picking up a skin marker she carefully measured and places small dots
on each labia. Mary turned and picked up a sterile needle. The needle
was 3" long and gleamed in the bright light. Placing the needle in the
center of the first dot...she began to push it through the labia
slowly. Her ears caressed by the muffled screams of the girl. As the
point emerged she attached a small cork to the back of it and rested
the point on Karen's tender inner lips. Mary repeated the piercing
five more times, each one done so slowly that the pain was agonizing.
She waited cruelly through each one to allow the pain to maximize and
then subside before proceeding with the next. Karen's mind screamed
for her, each muscle taut in pain and agony. Satisfied with the
placements Mary turned and picked up a hemostat. "I am afraid this is
going to hurt a bit more than the last did cunt..." Quickly she pulled
the hood of Karen's clit up and clamped it out of the way with the
hemostat. The peals of agony escaped even the security of the gag.
Finally they died away as the nerves deadened under the restricted
blood flow. Mary smiled and picked up a curved needle from the tray.
Karen's breathing had slowed to a rapid pant...the worst is over she
thought. AGONY...ALL SYSTEMS..ESCAPE...PAIN....OH GODDDDDDD!!!!!! Mary
had curved the needle beneath the clit stem and out the other side. So
close had she placed the needle that the clit had reacted as if it
were being pierced. Karen hung limp in the suspension chains. Tom
snapped an ammonia capsule under her nose bringing her back around.

"Tony could you bring the rings and the locks please?" Tony moved over
to the autoclave and extracted them. With a bit of discomfort he
carried them back to Mary. After handing them to her he attempted to
discreetly adjust his hard on. Mary noticed. "When I've finished Tony.
You've been very helpful and deserve a reward. She will be very
responsive then and co-operative." Karen groggily tried to comprehend
what she meant. Carefully Mary threaded a ring through each piercing.
Thicker than the holes made by the needles she had to push hard. Karen
could only scream. The ring for her clit went through last. Karen
screamed over and over as the ring forced its way behind her clit and
out the other side...her cunt spasmed and to her surprise and chagrin
she came...waves and waves of pain and orgasm washing over her body.
She could feel her cunt seeping as the pain pushed her past a point of
no return. Mary only smiled. Lifting the clit by the ring she held it
out of way as Tom placed the 3 padlocks in place. Checking her work
Mary smiled.. there was no slack, Karen was sealed from her cunt
unless they permitted access.. the ring would hold the clit outside
the labia perfectly. The piercings would have to heal before they
could really do anything with them, but the clit ring would be
sufficient to guide and leash her even now. The pain as a leash was
pulled would goad her into compliance faster than any other method. 

Tony's breathing was rough as he watched the girl....his eyes
glittering with lust. Miss had promised him a crack at the girl..
something he had wanted since watching over her last night. He could
indulge himself on her flesh. Mary looked over at Tony. "She's yours
enjoy her." Mary and Tom went to sit and watch as Tony ripped off his
pants and shirt. They knew the pleasures that Tony enjoyed.. had
searched for and hired him straight from prison as their "Man". He had
done 5 years for the torture and abuse of his wife and had literally
been cock of the walk in prison. Looking at the body he kept in top
form, they could well understand why. His loyalty was
unquestioned...they had stood for him at parole, paid him an excellent
wage, provided all of his creature comforts and shared with him a joy
of sadistic torture and sex. Their wealth was enough to afford him the
occasional discardable oriental toys he craved.. and their tastes in
slave flesh kept his need well filled.

Tony lowered Karen's legs a touch so that she was at a slight slant
and could see him. Her eyes widened as she looked at the nearly 12"
hard cock he sported. With studied deliberation Tony pulled the plug
from her ass. His eyes devouring the pain on her face as the wide
retaining base pulled her asshole painfully open. Sliding a condom
onto his cock.. he reached beneath the table and brought out a bottle
of pepper oil. With a cold smile he inserted the open bottle into
Karen's ass and allowed it to flow in. His eyes closed in bliss as the
muffled screams of the girl escaped the gag. Yanking the bottle out he
slammed is cock home deep in her ass. His rough stomach pounded into
her newly ringed and pierced labia, slamming the swollen flesh. So
hard were his trusts that she swung in the chains. Gripping the clit
ring he twisted it...not hard...but to the freshly pierced flesh it
was agony. Each stroke rammed fully home and then drew almost
completely out. Karen's body screamed in waves of agony, her ass both
burning and throbbing under the onslaught. Manipulating the ring he
stroked the back of her clit with it. Karen felt the stirrings of
sexual hunger in her flesh...Tony knew that Mary and Tom wanted her
body trained to accept the pain as pleasure. He would have preferred
straight pain, but he liked his job and the perks.

Mary and Tom sat quietly watching the slave be fucked...noting the
girls moans and screams of pain and rising lust. Silently Mary rose
and walked over....Standing at the girls shoulders she waited
silently. The condom was slick with the pepper oils and tinged red
with blood as it whipsawed in and out of Karen's ass. Mary could see
the veins standing out in Tony's neck as he drew nearer to cumming.
His fingers were stroking and pulling, twisting at the clit ring.
Karen's eyes were glazed with pain and lust as the painful stimulation
of her clit drew her body into a dance of pain and ecstasy. As Tony
lunged a final time deep into the rent ass flesh, Mary released the
clamp on the catheter filling Karen's mouth with her hot piss just as
she came. Instinctively she swallowed as her mouth was filled, her
tormented clit exploding in waves of agony and cum. Her ass so burned
by the pepper oil seeped the blood tinged liquid as Tony withdrew.
Slowly Mary stroked the panting near drowned girl...."such a good
slut...so good...you drank it all for me. Easy baby...relax.. relax.
Did you like your cum?"
As Karen slowly came back to earth she nodded in response, afraid not
to answer. Mary brought a riding crop from behind her back and SLAMMED
it across the girls defenseless nipples. "DID I TELL YOU TO
CUM!!???!!!!" Karen's body twisted in mid air...trapped in the
suspension chain, her eyes wide in shock as the crop bit into the
tender nipple flesh. Her scream was nearly fully audible as the pain
lashed through her and she passed out.

Tony shoved the plug back into the unconscious girl and gathered up
his clothes. "Think she is going to be just perfect Miss Mary...you
and Sir chose very well this time." They left Karen to recover alone.




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

		7. Evening

Karen hung there, her joints aching, ass inflamed and burned, her very
nipples cringing from the air that wafted over them. Her mind and
emotions were growing numb. "did I really cum from being raped, and
pierced? Please God what is happening to me?" She had thought that she
would visit for the two weeks, maybe be spanked or ...oh ...she had no
idea that she would be held prisoner and tortured like this. Her mind
cast about trying to remember the times spent talking to them on
IRC...they had played hard yes...all sorts of things.. but never never
did she think it would really be like this. Slowly large tears dripped
from her face...but with all the pain and humiliation...she'd
cum...she'd really cum.

Karen could not know that she was once again being watched...her every
tear noted. They would not leave her completely alone. Too many things
could go wrong and it had taken a great deal of work to lure this one
here. They wanted her alive and ready for the party. More they wanted
to keep her...but that would require her staying of her own volition.
They had no problem disposing of bodies...but a live slave could not
be kidnapped. To many legal problems that way. If she escaped it would
be too hard to explain away. They watched as the girl began to drift
into a restful sleep. Mary was happy with the piercings, her surgical
skills had not suffered for her being retired. They would heal,
slowly, and Karen truly wanted to leave at the end of the two weeks,
then there would be no permanent damage.. If their guests did not play
too roughly that was.

Hours passed as Karen slept. Mary busied herself about the house and
Tom turned his attention to checking on his business holdings. as
usual everything was running well and smoothly. His attention to the
business would need to be minimal for the next two weeks. A few papers
to sign here and there would be all.

Karen woke as her body touched the floor, so smoothly and quietly did
the winch motors run. Tom bent over and attached a leash to the clit
ring running the chain up to the padded collar and through several
rings to the back before releasing her. With a groan Karen drew her
limbs together. Each joint and muscle screaming in pain from being
suspended for so long. Tom massaged the joints gently, easing some of
the ache out of them and the circulation back, before picking up the
leash. Mary walked in and examined her feet. Karen flinched as she saw
her bastinadoed feet. Livid purple bruises covered the swollen flesh..
occasional red streaks laced through it. Tom stroked the girls hair
gently to calm her while her feet were examined by his wife. Mary
picked up each foot and examined it closely , enjoying the pained
muffled sounds as she probed to make sure that there was no permanent
damage. Again she painted the soles with an antiseptic and antibiotic
to insure that there would be little chance of infection and nodded to
Tom. Karen was surprised to feel a small thrill run through her flesh
at the pain and care. "Ice should take care of most of the swelling
tonight, and a bit of heat for the next couple of days." Mary reached
over and released the clamp on the catheter. "Drink." Obediently Karen
began to swallow a choice of drowning or drinking all permitted her.
Mary smiled as the level reduced in the tube. "Good girl...so good."
She clamped it off when the tube was only half empty. Mary and Tom sat
on the floor with Karen and rocked her, stroking and petting the
slave. She did not understand why if they were doing all these awful
things to her, she found comfort in their arms afterward, nor why she
was becoming excited each time they hurt her. She began to silently
weep. Tom continued to stroke and comfort the girl, letting her cry it
out. Mary too tenderly stroked, but paid more attention to the girls
cunt, her fingers and eyes examining the clit ring as she moved it to
stroke the back of the clit shaft stimulating it. When Karen had
finished weeping, Tom dried her eyes and took up the end of the leash.
"Tony should have supper ready, shall we go to the dining room?" He
stood leaving the girl to scramble to her knees on her own. Karen's
feet touched the floor and the pain brought her back to her belly. "Up
slut!' Tom gave her no time to recover but yanked lightly on the
chain.  The pain in her newly ringed clit and cropped nipples caused
her to scramble back to her knees, her feet held from the floor.
Linking arms in arm Mary and Tom headed for the door, Karen crawling
desperately behind them, her feet held high the ring rubbing and
teasing her clit. Each movement and tug brushed the back of the ring
in pain and pleasure behind the stem of her clit. Despite the pain
Karen found herself growing sexually excited, hovering near but not
peaking to orgasm. Her cropped nipple flesh bounced and ached adding
to her torment as she crawled behind the couple. Miserably she sucked
on the gag, still tasting her piss in her mouth. The carpeting felt so
good to her knees that she winced upon entering the dining room with
its polished hardwood floor. Tom and Mary sat, pulling the slave
between them. "Sit!" Mary's' command echoed in the large room. Karen's
shuddered but knew that disobedience would be more painful than
obeying. Carefully she lowered her plugged ass and ringed pussy to the
floor. "Stupid Cunt!" Tom yanked lightly on the chain forcing the girl
to rise to her knees in desperation. "Legs under you, put your ass on
your heels." Karen shook hard as she forced herself to kneel, her
swollen painful feet curving against the floor and plugged ass adding
weight to them. Sly twitches of the leash kept the stimulation to her
clit going, slowly overriding and associating the pain and pleasure
together in the girls subconscious. "Spread you knees cunt, we want to
be able to see the beautiful gifts we gave you. A groan escaped from
Karen's mouth as she spread her legs, the locks falling and tugging
painfully at her newly ringed pussy. "Chest up and out cunt, do we
have to tell you everything?" Finally with many minor adjustments,
Karen knelt the way they wanted her too. Her body shook with the pain
and her eyes filled with un-spilled tears, but she knelt as a slave
should. Mary reached over and undid the gag, allowing it to rest on
the girls shoulder. Immediately Karen began to work her jaws, trying
to remove the stiffness from them. "Keep them open slut, nothing of
your body is to be shut to us, except as it please us." Fearfully
Karen glanced right at Mary, keeping her mouth slightly parted. She
dared not look at Mary's' face, and raised her eyes no higher than the
woman's lap. Mary stroked the girls hair and smiled. "Good slut, you
are learning."

Looking at the meal before them Tom and Mary began to eat, Karen could
smell the pot roast, fresh baked bread, hear the clink of wine
glasses. She tried hard to control the rumbling of her stomach and the
longing for a real meal. Tony retired to the kitchen only to bring out
the steel dog bowl again. Karen glanced down without moving her
head...another can of dog food, stew with peas and carrots in it. She
did not dare anger them by moving to eat, but she was so hungry that
even the dog food looked good to her empty stomach. Tom watched her
face as she glanced down and then grinned at Mary, with an arched
brow. Truly he was beginning to believe that this was the one they had
been searching for. "Is the bitch hungry? Would she like her supper
now?" Toms voice was mocking. "Let me see you beg for your dog food
bitch." Karen swallowed, her clit clenching as Tom pulled gently on
the chain and released it. How could they make her demean herself
so...to beg to eat dog food...oooooooooohhhhhhh...it feels so good
when he does that...no I can't...please...but I'm soooooo
hungry....and..and...Karen's mind raced in circles. How does he want
me to beg?...I'm not allowed to speak....let me see..LET ME SEE...oh
mygodhemeansformetobeglikeadog.......Karen's shifted in shock..her
feet blazing up in fresh pain. Seeing the pain cross her face as she
moaned Tom increased the speed and tugs on the chain, stroking her
clit faster. Shivering with the mounting urges in her clit Karen
closed her eyes and sighed....Tom stopped. He did not want her to cum,
that had to be earned. Karen hovered just on the brink..shaking hard
with the need to cum. "beg me for your food bitch or starve...come on
beg like a good bitch...." Slowly Tom stroked her clit with the
clitring....Karen turned a bright crimson red as she finally could
stand no more and raised her arms hands limp before her to paw the
air. Tom made her stay that way through 10 pawings before he increased
the pressure on the ring again. "Good bitch...smart bitch...you may
eat. No Hands cunt." A tear escaped Karen's eye as she shifted
painfully to kneel and place her head above the bowl. Strangely the
food wafted an almost appealing odor to her nose. "Tony warmed it for
you....wasn't that nice of him." Karen nodded and waited for
permission to be again given. "Eat bitch." Lowering her face, Karen
began to lap the food into her mouth slowly. 
Every mouthful reminded her how far she had come, how low she had
fallen. As she ate, Tom increased the frequency and pull of the leash.
Stroking and rewarding the slave for obeying, he smiled. Mary's'
training techniques always worked. Associating the pain and
humiliation with the need to cum, broke slaves to their will faster
than any other method they had tried. None had ever responded so
quickly as this one though, none had been worth keeping, but their
associates had found them fun to play with, and some had gone so far
as to buy the slaves after a party. This one though, they just might
keep. "that's a good bitch lick your bowl clean....GOOD Girl." Tony
stepped up with a warm wet cloth and wiped her face as she returned to
her sit position. Karen was beginning to whimper the need to cum was
so great. The chains pull was doing its intended task, keeping her
clit so stimulated she could barely think. 

Tom turned in his chair so that he could face the girl. Opening his
zipper he pulled out his cock. Karen's eyes were drawn to the semi
hard organ. 'Kneel bitch, all fours now." Shaken Karen eased herself
to her knees and hands, her clit throbbing in counterpoint to the pain
in her feet and breast confusing her. "Open your mouth and take in
just the head...come on...take it." A knot of fear balled in her
stomach along with the dog food. If she took it, her mouth could be
raped, or pissed in, if she didn't she would be beaten. Reluctantly
she gripped the cock with her lips. Her eyes closed in fear as she
fought against the raging need and pain. Toms hand gripped her hair
tightly, forcing her head further down on his cock. "Just hold it
there cunt...that's it...your doing fine." She could feel the heavy
organ throbbing and pulsing gently on her tongue, the pain in her
scalp telling her not to move. This wasn't so bad...to just hold
it...oh god yes...that feels so good! The chain was jerking faster and
faster on the clit ring...she was so close to cumming...so
...please...please don't stop. "she could faintly hear Mary's' voice
in the rush of blood sounds in her ears..."Cum bitch...cum for
us...feels soooo good, CUM!" The sliding of the clit ring pushed her
over the edge, her cunt throbbing and dripping as she orgasmed...Her
eyes closed in bliss. Yesssssssssssullpppppppppbbbbbbbbblllple. Toms
cock began filling her mouth again with his piss, his hand forcing her
head down on it. Over and over she swallowed unable to lift her head
as the acrid liquid scalded her throat and filled her belly. Her clit
seemed to explode as he pissed in her mouth, the ring rubbing and
drawing her cum from her body. The pain in her feet was a distant
throb in time to the pulse of the emptying cock in her mouth and her
own clit. At last she and Tom were done, her belly heavy with his hot
urine, as he drained the last drops onto her tongue. A warm flush
washed over her body as the last of the after shocks of cumming
drained her. "Such a good girl, a fine bitch...so good , you drank it
all!" Mary praised and petted the slave, Toms hands caressing her and
holding her as well.

Karen was confused by the emotions the touches were bringing her. The
praise made her feel so good, she had done it, her hands were free and
she had done as they wants, nobody  should enjoy being forced to drink
piss, but she came when he did it....what was wrong with her. But it
feels so good when they hold me like this, I want to please them.
She trembled in their arms as they stroked and petted her. "Sit slut."
Mary and Tom drew back from her. Karen struggled back onto her knees
and heels again the pain making her wince. "Good Girl." "Tom she
deserves a reward for being such a good little bitch." "I think you
are right..hmmmm." Tom frowned for a moment. "Ahhhh." "Beg cunt...Sit
up and beg!" Karen rose on her knees again, her face flushed as she
was again treated like a dog, shivering she raised her hands and arms
and began to beg. Her eyes widened as she saw what Tom was offering in
his hand and she began to beg in earnest. A sweet morsel of chocolate
cake was being held out to her. Chocolate...oh god...real
food...please...please let him be happy..., she could feel herself
salivate at the very sight of the moist sweet cake. Tom made the girl
hold the position for a few moments then stretch high for the cake.
"Open your mouth bitch....wider...that's it." Placed the sweet cake on
her tongue. "No don't close it yet...good girl!" Karen's knelt there
with the cake exposed on her tongue. Soooo close...she could taste it
sweetness, could feel the moist morsel resting so temptingly on her
tongue. Her clit clenched hard. please ...oh ..please I want it soooo
badly...please let me eat it. "Good Girl!!" Mary stroked her head
again.."Ok you can have it." Karen immediately closed her mouth
savoring the melt of chocolate cake and frosting on her tongue. Her
eyes closed in bliss. Eventually as all things must the last of the
flavor was gone, regretfully Karen licked hoping for a last taste,
opening her eyes she found Toms cake frosted hand in front of her
mouth. "Clean my fingers bitch." Eagerly she licked and sucked at them
once again treated with the flavor of the cakes sweetness. "Tom, I
hate to interrupt but she has had a busy day and night. I think the
little bitch could use a little real sleep. After all she has to make
it through tomorrow." "Alright Mary, your the Doctor." There was a
wistful not in Toms voice. Taking a set of keys out of his pocket he
tossed them to Tony. "Carry the cunt and put her to bed Tony...Make
sure she is going to get a good nights sleep." "Of course Sir. She
will be well secured so that she can't injure herself." Karen trembled
not liking the tone in either Tom or Tony's voice. "Oh and don't
forget the ice for her feet Tony, I want some of the swelling down by
tomorrow." "Yes Ma'am." Tony picked up the slave easily and carried
her from the room. "Sleep well cunt...you'll need it!"

Carrying her into the room Tony set her down on the floor. He wasn't
worried about her trying to escape, not with her feet in that
condition. Moving over to the cage he exchanged one of the end caps.
Karen could see the new one contained bars with two holes in it.
Apparently she would be allowed to stretch her legs tonight. but she
could see no way for ice to be applied to her feet. Was she to be
allowed to soak them in ice water first?

Tony moved with quiet efficiency as he arranged the cage according to
previous instructions. Now he turned toward the girl and she heard the
footstep of the silent man approaching her. Quickly her head bowed
lower as he gripped the chain to her clit ring leading her to the
cage. Lifting her body he settled her on the hassock, her cropped
nipples hanging freely. Settling her neck through the hole in the
other end he secured the girl tightly. Carefully he fitted her legs
through the padded bars and pulled her body until her cunt was up
against the bars.  With deft moves her secured her wrist in the cuffs
and satisfied that she could not move, closed and locked the top of
the cage. Karen was pleasantly surprised that he had not inserted the
gag and catheter back into her mouth. Maybe tonight she would have a
reprieve. Tony smiled coldly knowing what she was hoping. She would be
unpleasantly surprised. If she worked hard she would sleep tonight but
it would not be easy. Moving behind her, he unlocked the pad locks
holding the labia rings closed. With six double ended clips he hooked
the rings and pulled the startled girls lips open to fasten them to
the bars. Karen's moan as her cunt was pulled open and locked to the
bars was music to his ears. Silently he wheeled a table over. On it
were a dildo gag, an inflatable dildo, an air compressor and an
infusion pump. Picking up the catheter tub and gag, he disengaged the
catheter from it and led it through the infusion pump finally
connecting the end to the dildo gag and forced it into Karen's parted
mouth. Reaching through the top of the cage he fastened it tightly.
The dildo portion was only 4 inches long and soft she could feel it
sliding over the tube inserted in it. Karen groaned softly....she
thought she was free of the gag for tonight.  Attaching another tube
to the plug in the dildo he hooked it up to one joint on a y valve in
the compressor. Another tube was attached to the dildo remaining and
he shoved it home deep in her cunt, braced against the bars as her
cunt was she would not be able to dislodge it. Other than the gag and
her stretched pussy, Karen did not feel uncomfortable and she thought
she would be able to rest. Going over to a refrigerator in the corner
he extracted two frozen ice bags. As he approached the girl again he
wrapped them in thin towels and then knelt to tie them around her
feet. The cold seeping through the towels felt wonderful at first,
soothing and easing the pain, slowly it began to get colder and
colder, and Karen began to shift and moan. Satisfied with the
preparations, Tony turned to the infusion pump and set it to deliver 4
oz. every half hour, finally plugging it and the compressor into a
plug in the floor. The loud beeeeeeeeeeep of the infusion pumps alarm
alerted the girl that not all was peaceful and calm. Releasing the
clamp Tony watched as the thin clear liquid flowed up the tube,
through the pump and began its slow feed into the gag. He flicked the
switch on the air compressor and it hummed to life. Karen struggled as
the dildo in mouth and cunt began to swell filling her cunt and mouth.
Just when she could not take any more they began to deflate, only to
grow again. Tony watched to insure that the safety valve was working
properly, and then slapping her ass turned off the lights save for a
spotlight. She could hear the door shut behind him as she struggled
not to choke on the dildo filling her throat and the piss. its gonna
be a looooooong night, she thought as she struggled to breathe.




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			8. Taking A Trip

Karen's rest was not easy through the night, the dildos inflated and
deflated filling her cunt and mouth. She still shivered from the ice
as dawn broke. She could barely feel her feet anymore. Miserable she
knelt in the cage, lightly dozing only to awaken the minute the door
opened. "Good Morning slut. I trust you slept well and are ready for a
brand new day." Karen groaned softly as she heard Mary's chipper
voice. What torments would they visit on her today. Would she survive
it. "We are going Shopping...won't that be exciting?" Confusion
clouded Karen's mind...shopping? a regular everyday thing?...a sinking
suspicion that it would not be fun for her knotted her belly. Unable
to move she could only kneel silently as Mary examined the piercings
lacing her cunt to the cage bars and then her feet. "Oh...the swelling
is down nicely today.. you should have no trouble with shoes." Karen
shuddered. The idea of putting shoes on her feet and walking scared
the living heck out of her. "Oh there you are dear ...could you help
Karen out of the cage. She needs to be cleaned up and dressed before
we go out." "Of course Mary, Tony is already drawing the bath and he
will bring the van around after breakfast."

Tom busied himself with freeing the girl, removing clips and the
dildos from her mouth and cunt, pulling the butt plug. Finally he
released and removed the cage bars holding her legs. Looking down at
the asshole before him he smiled. Swollen and looser from the rapes of
it and the plug, it gaped slightly open. Taking his cock in hand he
guided it to the opening and plunged in. Karen, her mouth free for the
first time screamed in pain as he fucked dryly and roughly into her
nether mouth. Reaching beneath her he gripped the clitring and began
to stroke it back and forth behind the stem, his hips thrusting hard
enough to lift the pinned slaves hips. Slowly her screams died and
turned to moans of pleasure as the ring worked its magic, teasing her
to near orgasm. Her feet finally beginning to grow warmer banged
against the floor, but so stimulated was her clit from a night of her
cunt being rhythmically pumped she barely registered it. 

soooooooclose...pleasepleasepleaseplease. Her mind became caught in
the loop of need to cum, she would do anything to finally finish. Mary
looked over at Tom and the look of concentration on his face, coming
over and kneeling as she saw that he was about to cum. She took over
manipulating the clit ring as her husband exploded deep in the girls
ass, pushing harder and deeper than before to flood her guts. With a
shudder he pulled out of the gaping ass and smiled, moving around to
the front of the cage and shoving his filth covered cock in the girls
mouth. Ulllllllllppppp...Karen's mouth automatically closed on the
cock as he gripped her hair tight and forced her head fully to the
root. "Suck it clean bitch...that's it slut...mmmmmmm feels so good."
Karen's flesh flushed a bright red as she was praised for licking and
sucking the contents of her ass off his cock. Mary sped up the
stroking of the clit ring, watching as the clit itself throbbed
visibly. "Cum bitch...cum for me, that's it CUM!"  Sucking the shit
stained cock, Karen finally exploded in a frenzied cum, nearly yanking
the ring from Mary's grasp as her cunt flooded and leaked, her pussy's
cum mixing with the slow flow of semen seeping from her ass to drip
down her legs. Tom pulled his cock from the girls mouth and whipped it
off on her face. "Good Girl" Strangely Karen found herself trembling
with pleasure as he stroked her head in reward. "We really must get
dressed and eat if we are going shopping and Tony needs to get her
cleaned up and dressed dear." Tom looked up at his wife's word and
nodded. He would have preferred to stay home and tormented the slave,
but, Mary's training methods had worked in the past, and the shopping
trip was one of them. "Tony if you would?" Tom turned and left the
room with his wife. Karen had not heard Tony come in and she shook a
little, knowing how painful his treatment of her flesh could be.
Removing the top of the cage he freed the girl and attached the leash
to her clit ring. Pulling he backed her from the cage to kneel before
him. His hand came down and took her left breast in his fingers, and
began to apply pressure. Karen's screamed as his fingers dug into the
glands painfully. "These are going to be beautiful when they are
ringed or pierced with needles for weights." Silent tears fell from
the girls eyes as she suffered. His fingers went to the bruised and
welted nipple flattening them in his powerful grasp and pulling them
nearly from the flesh. "I will enjoy biting these and torturing them.
HEEL!"

Karen's breasts screamed in pain with each bump as she crawled after
him from the room to the bathroom. Tony made sure that the leash was
properly threaded through the collar and then lifted her to the table.
Forcing her to kneel he secured the handle high on the wall so that
she could not lay down. A strap went over her legs to finish the job
and she knelt there on the steel table like a dog for grooming.
Efficiently he filled the enema bag with nearly 3 quarts of hot water
this time. Shoving the nozzle into her he allowed the fluid to fill
the girl rapidly finally clamping and inflating the nozzle. He
listened eyes closed as she moaned and wept in pain her belly looking
almost 6 months pregnant with the weight of the water. Attaching the
drain board to the table he turned to pick up the rubber hose attached
to the sink. Forcing it into her cunt he turned on the cold water
allowing the pressure to clean her cunt out and run freely from her
down the drain board. Silently he squeezed her mouth open and began to
waterpic and brush her teeth. He showed no concern for the pain he was
causing the shivering, cramping girl. Satisfied that her mouth and
cunt was clean, he turned off the freezing douche and removed the
hose, releasing the nozzle her wrapped his powerful arms around her
belly and pushed, forcing the water from her in an arc that splashed
down on the drain. Karen tried to collapse under the pain only to
nearly choke herself and rise to remain still. She could hear a
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz as something was pulled and then freezing cold water
splashed down on her back.
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrggggghhhhhhhhhhh...her body
responded to the shock and began to shiver harder. Tony squeezed some
liquid soap on her back and picking up a soft scrub brush began to
scrub the girl, he pressed down harder on welted flesh and her feet.
Karen's body responded jerking with the pain and causing the leash to
pull on the clit ring, strangely she found herself growing aroused
again. when her flesh glowed pink through the suds, Tony rinsed her
off, and then picked up a brush and began to brush and braid her hair.
Critically he looked at her and then stepped over to a mirrored closet
to remove a bra one cup size too small sans the nipple and a button
down dress. Toweling the girl off he un-strapped and lifted her from
the table setting her on her still ravaged feet. Karen screamed again
as her feet touched the floor, trying to lift each free from the
extreme pain and jiggling, the leash pulled harder on the clit ring as
she danced in pain. Finally she was able to keep all but her toes off
the floor by leaning on the table top. Tony reached around her and
forced her breasts into the bra fastening it tightly behind her.
Karen's moans as her tit flesh was squeezed tightly caused him to
smile. Deftly he attached to flat metallic pads to her nipples with
adhesive tape. and then clicked two leads into place. Allowing the
thing wires to dangle her took the light blue dress he had chosen and
reaching around in front of her slid her arms through. Fastening the
dress up the back he left the skirt of it open.  Stepping back he
surveyed his initial handiwork. Perfect. Karen strained to remain with
her weight off her feet. She could not see the pads that were now
attached to her nipples but she could feel them. She was both curious
and fearful to know what they were and for, but had the feeling she
would know soon enough.

Tony left the room and returned with a wheelchair. Opening the seat he
screwed onto the special seat a 6" by 2" dildo and one 8" by 4.
Unhooking the leash Tony picked up the girl and with her dress pulled
forward began to force her down on the dry dildos. Karen's screams as
her ass and cunt were forced open rang echoing through the bathroom.
She struggled to escape the chair but Tony's firm grip pressed her
slowly but surely into the seat. He pulled the wires from beneath her
and led them to the back of the chair, then reaching around pulled the
chest belt into place and fastening it behind her. Karen wept and
struggled but with the strap she could not do so much as lean forward.
Kneeling he picked up a pair of ballet slippers from the floor and
began to force her swollen pained feet into them. Karen whimpered as
the shoes were forced onto her feet, her eyes nearly bugging from her
head as she realized that the insides had been coated with rice
grains.  Firmly Tony forced her feet down on the foot rest strapping
each leg in place so that the pressure would remain. Karen's hands
clenched and unclenched as she was forced into more pain than she
thought she could stand. Her mouth open in a long scream as her feet
blazed again in throbbing waves of agony. Going to the sink Tony
picked up an instrument  he had placed there before hand. It would not
do for her to scream in public and Mary had had this constructed by a
dental friend of hers. Grabbing her jaws he swiftly inserted the metal
clamps hooking them over her back teeth. Top and bottom he matched
them and then hooked small powerful rubber bands over the shafts.
Standing back he looked. Perfection one would see that they were in
there. Karen tried to open her mouth , her jaw muscles working hard
only to find that she could barely part her teeth. she could do little
more than scream, certainly never speak. A brace leading from the
sides of the bottom clamps held her tongue depressed and nearly
immobile in her mouth. she found that it took all of her concentration
to swallow. Taking a regular surgical cervical brace he fitted it over
the padded collar immobilizing her head high. With a last flourish
Tony hooked the leads from the nipple pads into a control on the back
of the wheelchair. Karen attempted to grunt and scream with the agony
that her body was in. "I would suggest Silence bitch." Tony turned the
switch left closing one of the contacts on the box and a sharp
electrical shock raced through her left nipple. Karen jerked and
writhed in pain her breathing ragged as he opened the switch. Grinning
he closed the other side instead and again she writhed in pain forcing
the dildos to probe her cunt and ass, and pressure on her feet. Karen
resolved not to let another sounds escape her lips...anything was
better than that.

"Tony you have done a wonderful job she is nearly perfect! We just
need to take care of these hands and we can go." Mary walked in
bearing a pair of soft white driving gloves. Quickly she forced the
girls hands into them and then fastened the straps to the other glove.
Karen found her hands laced together in her lap locked at the wrists.
A slow tear  ran down her cheek. There was nothing on her body now
that was under her control or not in pain. Tony edged the chair around
and pushed it to the front door. "I will go get the Van Miss." He left
the house leaving the front door open...so close...she could see
freedom, green and bright in the California sun just out of her grasp.
"Ahh there's our little cunt, all ready for her outing...Oops..have to
get rid of this." Tom un-threaded the leash from under the cervical
collar and led it down between the girls legs. Then carefully pulled
the catheter free and led it to a container behind the seat. 'Ahhh
here's Tony with the van...are my girls ready to go?" Mary smiled at
her husband and plopped a pair of sunglasses on Karen's nose. "Yessss,
I love to go shopping with a slave." Karen was wheeled out and placed
on the handicapped lift to the van. With a jerk that wrenched the
dildos in her it began to rise. The chair was maneuvered to the locks
and locked into place. "Don't want you rolling around and injuring
yourself cunt." Mary sat on the bench seat beside the girl as Tom
moved into the front passenger seat. "Tony the Pleasure Chest...take
the bumpy road." Mary's laugh rang out as Karen flinched miserably. 

Karen was nearly limp with pain as they pulled up in front of the
Pleasure Chest. Tony seemed to have found every bump and pothole in Ca
on the way. Mary and Tom had kept up a constant chatter, bantering
back and forth about the coming party and how they hoped she would not
shame them. As they arrived Mary clamped a vibrator to the clit ring
and turned it on. The powerful little vibrator began an intense
thrumming in her clit. Karen's face flushed. Her chair was maneuvered
onto the lift and down then onto the sidewalk. She could see looks of
pity as passerby' saw her and assumed that she had been paralyzed in
an accident. With longing eyes hidden behind the sunglasses she
watched as they stared then turned away. She longed to beg one of them
for help and a soft grunt slipped out. Quickly Mary's finger flicked
the switch. Karen went rigid as the electrical shock burned her right
nipple. Tom moved solicitously to "console" the girl. "Silence cunt,
one sound and we leave it on." Karen's shivered..his whisper telling
her there was no escape. Smiling they wheeled her into the Pleasure
Chest while Tony went to park the Van.

"Miss Mary, Master Tom how wonderful to see you again...It has been so
long." The young man came from behind the counter to greet them.
Dressed entirely in black leather he smiled as he approached. "We are
just opening the doors for the day." Karen could see the piercings
that he wore in ear and nose. "Oooooooo you brought a new slave with
you, she is lovely...and so quiet too." He smiled at the girl with a
knowing smirk. "Glen we just had to bring her to see you...we are
having a party Saturday and want to have her looking perfect." Karen
could peripherally make out the forms of other shoppers as they moved
through the store. With her head immobile she could not turn to see
them fully, but she could feel their eyes on her. A deep flush raced
over her skin. "Let me see what you've done and I will know what we
have to work with." Be our guest Glen, you are the artist." Without so
much as a by your leave he flipped her dress up exposing the rings,
vibrator and impaled loins. Tucking her dress under the collar he ran
his fingers under the girl probing. "Wet little slut isn't she? Is she
fully open? Trained yet?" Karen moved under his probing fingers, her
clit turgid from the vibrations. "Ahhhh new pierces." There was no way
for her to defend herself from the man who was poking and prodding her
like a side of beef. "Just started training her night before last, and
stretching her as well." "Well knowing your parties she will need all
the conditioning she can stand. Bring her in the back and strip her."
Karen started to moan softly and caught herself. 

Karen shuddered as she was rolled into the back and down a narrow
hallway. Turning the chair Tom pushed it through a door and into a
room. Karen's eyes tried to adjust to the darkness overlaid with the
sunglasses when they were removed from her face. Glen walked in behind
them and shut the door. "Rena is watching the front so we can take our
time." Marry undid the chest strap and unbuttoned the back of the
dress and the bra, while Tom unfastened the gloves. Pulling the them
off her arms they fastened the gloves to the chair arms leaving the
girl totally exposed and helpless. Looking her over Glen pried her
lips up and checked her teeth, tugged on the catheter and fingered the
rings. "What size plugs are you using?" "Generally an 4" with a 3"
base." "Well knowing the use she will be put through at your parties
you need to go up to a 5" base on her, otherwise she will tear. Karen
shivered in fear...5 INCHES...their gonna kill me!!!!...her eyes
rolled showing the whites. "Hmmm I just got some new harnesses in,
they are expensive but the construction is worth it, and jaw spreaders
found a new Dental supply house. These are completely adjustable. Here
let me show you what I mean." Glen left the room for a moment and came
back with a harness made of stiff leather straps. Several D rings were
placed strategically on the leather. Grabbing one of her breasts he
laced a small strap around the base and fastened it down tightly, The
breast flesh bulged taut and Karen shook in pain as he pulled another
thin strap with a toothed ring over the nipple and fasted it in place.
The nipple with the electro pad leading from it poked through the open
ring, the teeth biting into the flesh. Tears leaped to her eyes as the
ring bit into the flesh and she tried to keep her breathing shallow.
"I do love a harness that can give pain on its own." Glen smiled
proudly at Mary and Tom. "And see there are two straps with hooks for
the inner labia as well...you can hold her open and receptive to
anything while adding pain when she is used." "We'll take it. It is
perfect Glen, you always know the right accessories for a slave." "Oh
I haven't showed you the new training leash...a friend of mine makes
these...such a wonderfully imaginative man. He got the idea from a
TENS unit and voila!" Glen brought out a thick leash with a clamp on
the end and a box handle. It looked something like a retractable dog
lead handle. "Here you clip the lead onto a clit or cock ring. Up here
is a dial...1-5 are low settings and will send a pulse of electricity
through a wire in the lead stimulating the organ like a TENS pulse.
Turn it above 5 and it delivers a punishing shock. All you need to do
is press the button. Here why don't you try it?" Glen unhooked the
vibrator from Karen's clit ring and attached the lead. Shaking Karen's
strained to close her legs, anything to escape what she could see in
Mary's eyes was coming as she took the handle. Mary turned the dial to
2 and pressed the button. Karen could feel a rhythmic throb in her
clit as the pulse fed through the ring. Every muscle began to relax as
she built toward an orgasm, then Mary thumbed the switch over to 8.
Karen's body jerked and danced in the wheelchair, sweat immediately
bursting out over her flesh as her loins twisted in agony, ramming the
dildos deep into her flesh. Mary released the button quickly. "Glen
you are a Genius!! and so is that inventor. Tom have him get in
contact with Harry Burns and get him under contract. We must produce
these!!!" Mary's eyes glittered as she watched the girl come back to
her senses. "She will be trained in no time with this...think what a
boon it will be for trainers and...Oh Glen Thank you!!!" Tom pulled
one of his cards from his pocket and wrote down Harry Burns number. He
hadn't seen his wife this excited in a long time over a toy, and knew
that it would sell.

Glen smiled and stroked the sweating girl. "I definitely think she
will be ready for anything Saturday...and I am soooo disappointed..I
didn't receive an invite." "Oh Glen you know you are
invited...Cocktails at 5 Dinner at 6...and party until the slaves
collapse. Hmmm I still have to buy my dress. Tony? Would you get her
dressed leave the new leash on her." "Of course Miss." Tony had
watched the demo from the door and smiled at Karen. He could see the
potential and loved it. Mary and Tom left with Glen to settle the bill
and gather up a few other things. Finally Tony wheeled the terrified
girl from the room and into the store, once again she looked like a
paralysis victim. "Oh by the way Mary...mind if I bring Bruno..he
hasn't been to a party of yours in a long time, and he does so enjoy
the slaves." Mary smiled coldly..."Of course Bruno is invited, after
all what is a bitch without a stud Dog like Bruno to mount her?"

They waved as they left the Pleasure Chest. Karen had not liked the
way that Mary had emphasized Dog....but her mind could not grasp or
come up with any meaning for it and she let it slip from her mind. She
had more immediate problems to deal with. Mary had turned the dial
back down to 2 and played with the button the entire time the van was
moving. Karen was so close to cumming but could never quiet make it.
Tom had complained that he was feeling a bit famished as they drove
and ordered Tony to drive to the Kyotobuki Restaurant. Parking and
helping them out with the wheelchair Tony grinned. He knew that the
girl had not eaten today. "Shall I bring her lunch Miss? Sir?" Tom
looked over at Mary and grinned. "Of course Tony." Karen wondered how
she would be able to eat with her jaws locked shut, already knowing
what she would be given by the words. Wheeling her into the beautiful
interior Karen was just able to peer about as the sunglasses were
removed again and see that there were private screened rooms
available. She was chagrined  when they took a table in the middle of
the dining room floor, in view of all the lunch time crowd. Tony
joined them and the formally kimonoed waitress brought them all menus.
Karen sat and listened as they ordered a meal. Miso soup, appetizers
of sushi and sashimi, and Kyobe beef available in this restaurant
alone in the states. "And for the young Miss?" The waitress politely
did not look at her. "Nothing for her, she is on a special diet, we
brought her meal with us. I hope it does not disturb the other
patrons." The waitress bowed and backed away, to return with the soup.
Karen's eyes could see the soup before the three and smell it as they
ate. Her stomach rumbled hungrily. Her parched throat ached as they
sipped delicate plum wine and saki. "Oh are you thirsty dear?" Tom
reached beneath the wheelchair and released the clamp. Karen could
feel her bladder draining. Tom did not tell her that the container was
already half full of water. A straight diet of nothing but recycled
piss would not have been good for her. Picking up the container he
brought it before Karen's face and she could see that it was a sports
container with a straw. He inserted it carefully between her lips.
Mary sat with the training leash control in her lap, as the container
was offered the girl she stepped up the pulse one notch. Karen's face
flushed as her clit began to tremble and throb harder as the container
of piss was offered her. She did not know that Mary's had upped the
power and thought that the excitement was because of what she was
offered...her mind was beginning to accept the fare she was being fed.
Carefully she sipped at the straw, a difficult task thanks to the
brace depressing her tongue. She had been so thirsty from screaming
and not being fed, that her eyes closed in bliss as the warm piss and
water rolled over her tongue.

The waitress approached with their meals and placed them before the
group. Karen's eyes looked with longing at the thick juicy
steaks....Tom cut his steak into manageable bites and looked over at
Tony who handed him a babies bottle. Karen groaned in her mind..not
only dog food but to be bottle fed in a restaurant. She could see the
thickish sludge move slowly in the bottle. Tony had apparently added
something to it to puree it. She was so hungry that she didn't care
what he had used. Mary kept the button depressed thumbing the dial up
and down as the girl watched her food come closer to her face. With a
bit of maneuvering Tom got the nipple into her locked mouth and began
to squeeze the soft sides of the bottle, pushing the dog food into her
mouth. Karen could feel all the eyes upon her as she was fed. As she
accepted the first mouthful, Mary thumbed the switch to five rocking
her clit into spending. Karen's body ground helplessly on the dildos
impaling her as she ate from her Masters hand.

Never had she felt so helpless and exposed..never had she cum so hard.




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			9. And on With the show

The rest of the shopping trip continued in the same vein. Karen was
fussed over and tormented as Mary tried on dresses and shoes.
Exhaustion and pain wracked the girls body. People had walked up to
Tom and Mary and asked about the "accident" that had paralyzed her.
They talked around her like she was not even there. All the while Mary
would be pressing the button and stimulating the girls clit. Karen
just knew people could smell the cum soaking the dildos. Finally it
had come time to go home. Loading her into the van, they turned onto
the LA freeway. As they neared their exit Tom climbed into the back
and helped Mary to remove the girls clothes. Soon she was completely
naked and exposed to the frustrated drivers jockeying for position in
traffic. Karen could see heads turning as men on their way home from
the office snapped to attention at the sight of her naked breasts
bouncing in the side windows. Mary kept tapping the button exciting
the girls slit. A bright crimson, Karen could only grind desperately
against the dildos and feel the eyes upon her body as they were passed
by cars. At long last they turned off and soon approached the gates to
the house. Tony stopped the van in front and they moved the wheelchair
into the foyer. Unstrapping her, they lifted the girl from the chair
and placed her on the floor. Feet that had become numb in the hours
long trip were released from the ballet slippers. As they fell
leadenly to the floor Karen screamed through her nose. Here was one
place she knew she could wail her terror and pain. With rapidity she
was divested of the cervical collar and the catheter and leash were
fed back through her padded collar. The leash was recliped to the clit
ring and she was led crawling to the dining room.

Tony entered the dining room and set a cold supper before Tom and
Mary. "I think this leash is going to make training so much faster and
easier don't you Tony, Tom?" Tom grinned at his wife. "I know that you
like its effect on her at least." Tony said nothing as he looked down
at the girl. "I think it is time that she learns to serve our guest
properly for the party, she is going to be put through some pretty had
paces. Tony would you do the honors?" Tony grinned. "Of course Miss."
Wrapping his fist in the girls hair he pulled her away from the table
where she was kneeling. "Sit !" Karen moved into the sit position,
placing her ass on her heels and spreading her legs. "Wider cunt."
Tony pushed the dial up to 8 and pressed the button. Karen convulsed
as the shock raced through her system. She struggled into the sit
position again and spread her legs as wide as she could. Thumbing the
switch down again he picked up a piece of meat. "beg for it bitch.
Karen rose up on her knees her arms pawing the air. "Good Girl." Karen
saw him press the button again and flinched then nearly toppled when
the pulse spread warmly over her clit. Tony stepped forward and
reached into her mouth unhooking the rubber bands. "Beg
Cunt...Higher..higher." As Karen stretched as high as she could for
the morsel of meat, her hands pawing the air, he kept up the pulse of
the leash. She had cum at least 5 times today, but
ooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhh it felt soooooooooo good....please..he
released the button and fed her the morsel. Mary and Tom meanwhile had
opened their clothing. "Bitch here EAT!" Mary's voice rang in command
in the room. Karen turned toward her and looked about in confusion.
"Here" Tony thumbed the switch high again and pressed the button.
Karen's body hit the floor in pain. "Bitch here." Karen struggled to
crawl on her belly to the woman, goaded by the pain in her cunt.
Finally she reached Mary's spread legs. Tony pulled her up by her hair
and forced her face to Mary's crotch, then pulled her away again. "At
that command from anyone you will immediately crawl to them and begin
licking and sucking whatever they offer you. Understand cunt!" Tony
punctuated his words with short bursts from the leash. He then dragged
Karen halfway across the room. lick and suck..what..ever...they offer?
Karen's confusion was great..she didn't understand...but when the
command rang out "Bitch here EAT." Karen immediately crawled to Mary
and knelt between her spread legs. Anything to avoid that shock. She
could see that the woman wore no underwear. Tony's hand once again
forced her face first into the woman's crotch. "Lick and suck bitch."
He punctuated it with a shock. Karen quivered in anguish as she stuck
her tongue out tentatively and licked at the hair between Mary's legs.
Another shock longer this time and she plunged her face into Mary's
vulva, licking and sucking at it ineptly. Again Tony dragged her to
the center of the room. "Here..Eat." Karen plunged across the room as
fast as she could crawl and buried her face in the woman's cunt, her
tongue licking and sucking desperate to avoid another shock. Tony
turned the rheostat down and pressed the button rewarding her for the
prompt obedience. Karen's clit thrummed with pleasure as she lapped at
the woman. The taste was not all that foreign to her, she had tasted
her own fluids, but her tongue was not trained to this. When she
teased and sucked just right Mary nodded and Tony would step the power
up a notch on the pleasure side. A wrong move brought a shock and
increased effort. Mary buried her fingers in the girls hair and pulled
her tight into her cunt as she edged toward her own orgasm. Karen
began to struggle for air then stopped and concentrated on pleasing
Mary as a shock blitzed through her clit. Tom watched as his wife
shuddered to a climax and then his voice sounded in the room. "Bitch
drink" Karen raced to him on her knees and froze in confusion..that
was not the eat command...what? Tony's finger came down on the button
and Karen screamed in pain. "Open your mouth cunt and take his cock in
it and hold it." He dragged her away once again. "Bitch drink"
Immediately she crawled to him and took his cock in her mouth holding
it loosely. She felt it flex once, twice and suddenly her mouth was
being filled with his piss. Tony kept up a constant pressure on the
button, the switch set at 4 as the girl struggled to swallow all of
his piss. As he pushed the last drops from his bladder she heard "CUM"
and Tony upped it a notch. Her clit convulsed and she began to flood,
her own fluids dripping down her leg.

Tom and Mary gave the girl little time to recover. Her braided hair
hung limp with sweat, her eyes were glazed, but still they put her
through training. "Present your Tits!" Mary's voice cruelly washed
over the girls ears. Karen crawled to her and knelt whimpering in
confusion. She didn't know what she meant and knew that she would be
punished for it. Take your tits in your hands and raise them to me
bitch, present your tits!' Tony's fingers punctuated Mary's command.
Karen's raised her pained tits in her hands and lifted them high. With
her head bowed she could see Mary's fingers reaching for the bruised
nipples and shook as she cruelly pinched them between her fingers,
twisting the painful orbs almost completely around. As she did, Tony
thumbed the control down to 2 and began to stimulate the girls clit
again. Releasing the tits Mary nodded slightly to Tony who dragged the
girl away. "Present Tits!" Karen scooted back to Mary her feet
screaming in agony as she used them to help propel her across the
floor. Again she raised her tits to the torturous fingers. Again her
clit was thrummed by the pulse as her breasts were gouged and twisted.
"Bitch Here Eat!" Toms voice rang out as Mary released the reddening
globes of flesh. Karen spun and dived on her knees her mouth open as
she took Toms cock in her mouth. She would do anything to keep Tony
from shocking her again. Shaking she rammed her mouth fully down on
his cock and began to suck for all that she was worth. Tony played her
clit like a fisherman, teasing her to newer and higher heights with
the training leash. Tom grabbed her head and forced her mouth down so
far that her nose was buried in his pubes...choking and gagging the
girl struggled to open her throat. "Present Ass cunt." Tony's soft
voice sent the girl into waves of fear. With Tom holding her head
clamped to his groin she could not move. She did not know what to do,
but the shock her clit received told her she'd better thinks of
something. Tony's foot kicked her legs apart. "Present Ass bitch."
Karen raised her ass and spread a little further hoping that it would
be what he wanted. Apparently it was for she could feel his finger
pressing and entering her asshole. A second finger dryly followed the
first, then a third. Karen began to whimper as her head was tightly
held and fucked by Toms cock. Tony added the fourth finger and began
to stretch and manipulate the tight ring, his finger rhythmically
teasing the control button...nonononononnonopleasehewillkillmehe
willripmeapart...oh..god...
nononononononono. Karen had heard of fisting, but had never thought
she would have it done to her. Tony forced his last finger into her
ass and then pushing hard his hand. Slowly he began to fuck his hand
in and out of the girl, his fingers closing deep inside her. Mary took
the control from him so that he could concentrate on his fisting of
the girl. "Present cunt bitch." with his fist buried to the wrist in
her ass she had little choice in the matter...her body struggled
between the two men as Tony forced his clenched fist into her cunt.
Karen's voice keened high as the pain overwhelmed her senses, Tony
began to piston his fists in and out, lifting her loins high with each
thrust. Twisting on the ends of his wrists Karen was forced harder
face first into Tom lap and his cock forced its way into her throat.
The pain and stimulation of her clit had the girl writhing in need and
agony. Tom rapidly built to orgasm as he looked down at the struggling
slave, his hands gripped her hair tightly as he began to flood her
throat with his cum. "CUM slut." Tony YANKED both fists from the girls
cunt and ass as Mary stepped up the power on the leash and held the
contact closed. Karen swallowed and gulped each load of cum as it
washed her throat, her ass and cunt felt as if they had been pulled
inside out as she began to cum. Karen slid helpless to the floor as
her senses were overwhelmed and she passed out.

Long slow minutes later she came to. Mary and Tom  were sitting on the
floor with her, stroking and murmuring words of praise. Strangely
Karen felt a thrill run through her clit as she buried herself in the
comfort they offered. Tony had brought her supper in her dish and Mary
and Tom fed it to the slave, weakly but with gratitude Karen took each
finger full of the dog food into her mouth licking their fingers clean
each time. She could not understand why she was growing excited as she
did so, but accepted it as proper. They looked down with some pride at
the slave groveling in their lap for food, she would do well at the
party and was worth keeping for their own. With a sigh Tom looked at
his watch. "We really should put her to bed...the bitch has had a long
day, and she only has two days left to be trained. Tomorrow will be a
hard day for her." "I guess you are right luv," Mary rose to her feet,
"Heel bitch" Karen rose unsteady onto her knees and followed the
gentle tug on the leash from the room. Her clit was swollen and
painful as she crawled but oddly became more and more excited as she
followed the couple to the playroom. She did not understand why her
body responded so to their commands, or to the prospect of being put
to bed. She had not had one nights full rest since she arrived, but
still her body flushed with heat at the words.

Tony was already there setting up her bed for the night. Tom and Mary
had decided that she would not be caged this night but instead impaled
and hung to rest. Carefully he had set up a triangular horse beneath
the suspension chains. Attaching a soft dildo and a 5" based butt plug
steeped in cinnamon oil on the top ridge, he then lowered the chains.
Insuring that all was stable he stood aside as the couple led the
slave over. this would be a hard test for Karen, but they had to know
whether she would be tractable to torturing herself or need to be
forced. Mary kept the button on the leash depressed. "Mount bitch"
Karen looked up at the contraption in front of her in fear. She could
see the oil glistening on the implements of her impalement, see that
her feet would never even brush the floor and her body shook in fear.
Mary stepped up the power a notch. "Mount bitch" Mary could see the
fear and desire at war within the girl and waited. "Mount bitch" Karen
rose finally, swallowing a scream as pressure was put onto the soles
of her feet, pulling herself up onto the horse. Shaking with head
bowed she gripped the boards with her knees and hands and held herself
above the dildo and plug. Tony stepped forward and placed the heavy
leather suspension belt around her waist Karen's thighs burned with
the tension and strain as he went over and ran the winch taking the
slack out of the chain. "Good girl...good little slut..." Mary and Tom
stroked and praised her for mounting the horse. "Now fuck them into
you....com'on...that's a good girl." Slowly, tears streaming down her
face Karen lowered her asshole and cunt onto the instruments. Twice
she raised in pain as the oil worked and burned into her flesh finally
forcing the oversized plug up her ass. It felt as if Tony's fist was
deep in her again. Because of the belt she could not lower herself to
the thinner neck but stayed distended wide. Tom gripped her wrists and
cuffed them behind her as Mary attached bungee cords to the labia
rings pulling them taut painfully. Mary took up the leash control for
the last time and held the circuit shut giving the girl maximal
stimulation but not permitting her to cum, she watched as Karen
helplessly ground her cunt and ass onto the dildo and plug. Satisfied
that Karen was again at maximum arousal, she pulled two nipple screws
from her pocket and screwed the points down into the bruised and
tender nipples. Karen screamed in torment, her mouth gaping wide as
she gasped for breath. Tom took the opportunity to insert a knobbed
hard rubber ball gag in her mouth securing it tight enough to force it
into the roof and tender tongue.

Nodding to Tony Tom and Mary stepped back as he approached with a
heavy riding crop. "Back and ass 30." Mary commanded. With a cold grin
Tony swung full strength across the girls distended ass. A muffled
scream escaped the ball gag as the stretched skin of her ass inflamed,
welted and split under the blow. Karen rose up, her knees gripping the
boards in desperation and then fell fucking the plug and dildo into
her. Tony waited for the writhing to end and then landed another blow.
18 more times he striped her back and ass, each landing parallel to
the other avoiding the kidneys covered by the suspension belt. Mary
eyes glittering watched, her breathing heavy and began to play the
button, timing each press with the fall of the crop and the girls
fucking of her holes. By the 30th blow Karen was nearly unconscious
hanging limply in the suspension belt. Her back was a mass of painful
welts and bruises. There was no part of her body that was not
screaming in pain, as Tom snapped an ammonia capsule under her nose.
She hung, no longer struggling, totally accepting of what they would
do to her. Stroking the girls cheek while Mary treated the wounds Tom
smiled. "You are such a good slave....so good. Now you sleep well for
us and we will see you in the morning." Karen wept and nodded not
daring to make a sound.

Turning out the lights they left the room. They would take turns
watching over her as she rested.




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

				10. Two days of Hell


Morning came and Karen's exhausted body still hung silent in the
playroom. She had slept fitfully waking when her body began to grind
on the plug and dildo. Her back was inflamed with welts and she was
stiff, but silent as she hung suspended and stretched. Her mind cast
fuzzily over the past 36 hours. She had been raped, abused, fed animal
food, pissed in, stretched and tormented in more ways than she had
ever even considered existed. Her curiosity had gotten her into this,
but she searched her soul to try and figure out how she was cumming
from the things done to her. Maybe they were right, she was nothing
but a slut and slave to be used. As her mind wandered over the things
done she could feel her clit throbbing softly, slowly her body ground
against the implements she had forced into her own body. She started
as Tony entered the room, closing the door behind him.

"Ahhhh the cunt is awake." Tony's soft voice sent a ripple of fear
down the girls spine. His hands stroked painfully down the welts on
her back. "You look soooo pretty with welts, they become you." Karen
flushed and shook with the pain and wondered as her clit throbbed
harder. "Such a nice cunt and ass...I enjoyed Fisting you last night,
it was like a hot wet glove around my fist." Karen's eyes shut as she
moaned, remembering the fullness and pain her had brought her. Her
eyes were still closed as he bent and bit into her clit, his teeth
clamping down hard just above the clit ring. Karen's shrieked through
the ball gag, her cunt writhing on the plugs in pain as his teeth sunk
into the tormented and pierced flesh of her clit. She ground and shook
helplessly as his teeth chewed and mangled the tender nub, "I am going
to enjoy using you for the next year or so." In pain and shock Karen
felt her clit throb hard...so close to orgasm. NEXTYEARORSO!!!!! panic
overwhelmed the girl, I'm only here for two weeks they have to let me
go...please god no....I'm only here for a vacation...please wha" Tony
smiled as he rose and began to release the girl from her nights
torments. He lifted her from the horse digging his fingers into the
welts on her back. "Kneel cunt." her mind racing Karen did not realize
that her body had responded to the command until she found herself
kneeling with legs spread wide before Tony. "You won't want to leave,
you are  a slave, in your heart, your body, your mind. Feel the hunger
inside you.  What do you have to go back to?" Karen dropped her eyes
to the floor as she realized he was right, there was nothing back
there for her, no friends, family, not even a pet, only a cubicle at
work and an empty apartment. But to stay here, as a slave, be treated
as a sex toy and dog...how could she. "Drink Bitch." Karen's mons
clenched hard as her mouth automatically took his cock and held it.
She could feel her own bladder filled to bursting and the thrill that
raced through her clit as she gently held the cock in her tight lips.
She was confused how her body thrilled to its use, how it responded
without so much as a command from her brain. Shuddering she accepted
his urine in her mouth swallowing as it became filled. "On your back
cunt." Again Karen's body responded before she could think about it. A
hiss escaping her mouth as the welts touched the cold floor. "Present
cunt." Karen closed her eyes in shame as her legs parted wide
revealing the rings set in it. Kneeling Tony laced a chain through the
labia rings on one side and locking it in place fastened a leather
strap around her upper thigh threading it through the chain. He
repeated his actions with the other thigh. Taking two thin straps from
his pocket he lifted Karen's tit by the nipple screw and as she
whimpered and moaned in pain bound the base tight. Karen could feel
the pressure as her breasts ballooned under the strap. Finally Tony
ran straps to cross link the thighs and tits. Satisfied her told her
to rise, each crawling step she took would pull at her breasts and
cunt, he knew that in doing so her hips would sway automatically
enhancing the view. Karen rolled painfully to her knees and knelt
silent as Tony attached the leash to her clit ring, She could feel the
lips of her cunt pull open and expose the interior as she did so. "Beg
for it bitch." Tony thumbed the button the switch set on 7, and Karen
immediately rose to her knees yanking at her cunt lips and breasts as
she did so. her hands limply pawed the air as she flushed red and
begged. Tony dropped 2 small squares of chocolate on her tongue. "Good
Girl, eat them." The smirk in his voice worried her a bit, but she
chewed and swallowed enjoying the small treat. "Present ass" Karen
dropped her pained tits squeezed to the floor and Tony reached behind
her and inserted the but plug dry in her ass.  Without another word
Tony turned and yanking on the lead, pressed the button and walked
from the room with Karen crawling behind him, she could feel her cunt
gape open obscenely and her tits pulling and swaying in pain as she
crawled. 

Tony led her to the dining room, where Tom and Mary relaxed over the
last of their breakfast. "Ahhhh here's the little show bitch now." Tom
looked over at the slave, and gestured Tony to lead her to the table.
Mary examined the welts on her back and feet and smiled, though the
girl had been welted severely last night, today they were little more
than dark purple bruises. Nothing that would prevent her use on
Saturday. "I think a light breakfast today is in order...Tony bring
her bowl empty and a water bowl." Tony nodded and moved into the
kitchen to return shortly with the bowls, he placed the full water
bowl in front of the girl and then handed Mary the empty dog food
bowl. Karen could hear the rustle of plates and a fork scraping, then
saw her bowl appear set before her. Her mouth filled rapidly with
saliva as she looked in the bowl. Scraps of egg and cheese, bacon and
bits of toast were mixed in it. Trembling she could barely contain
herself. Food real food....thankyouthankyouthankyou..there is a god.
She didn't care that it was cold, or the waste that they did not
want..only that she was to receive a treat. Mary wanted to run through
the commands first. She knew that the food scraps in the bowl would
goad the girl into swift compliance. "Bitch here Drink." Mary's voice
commanded and Karen spun on her knees, her stomach growling as she
plastered her mouth to Mary's cunt licking and seeking her piss. Mary
had no intention on using her now but smiled at the eagerness the
slave showed. "Bitch here Eat." Toms voice commanded her and Mary
pushed lightly at her head to release her. Karen spun once again and
dived for Toms cock beginning to suckle at it and fuck her mouth. She
could smell the food behind her and hear its call. "Present ass"
Karen's strained and pulled her cunt lips and tits as she raised her
ass higher and spread her legs. Mary could see the girls cunt seeping
its fluids in her showing of it. 'Good girl...good bitch..you may
eat." A touch from Toms hand and Karen backed to kneel over her bowl
burying her face in it. Her clit throbbed and thrilled at the praise
as she licked her bowl clean, tasting human food for the first time in
days. All too soon the last taste of the bacon and eggs was gone. Her
head hovered over the water bowl, she could see the clear sparkling of
the water, not a drop of yellow to it. "Go ahead cunt, you may drink."
Karen lapped at the cool clear water savoring its taste.

It might not be such a bad day after all she thought...it started with
treats, even chocolate. She barely noticed the ominous rumble in her
bowels as she drank.




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			11. Further Training

Tom and Mary smiled as they heard the faint rumbling. The party was
only a day away and the last of the girls inhibitions needed to be
broken. She would be allowed to refuse nothing at the party. But she
had also been hard used the past 2 days and she needed to rest a bit.
They had decided to take it "easy" on her, well nothing major that is.
Rising from the table Tom took the leash in hand. "We thought it would
be nice to show you the rest of the house and the grounds bitch.
Heel." Karen trembled and pressed close to Toms leg. He began walking
taking her into the kitchen. Immaculate save for the dishes being
cleared away, Karen found little strange about it. The gleaming
stainless steel table in the center was the only thing that she found
unusual. From kitchen she was forced to crawl the rest of the house.
Next came the plush leather filled living room with its enormous
fireplace. The stone fireplace did not seem unusual until she noticed
the large rings on either side of the fireplace mantle and hearth.
They were set just far enough for a human form to be stretched. A
shiver ran down her spine. Onward she was led to the library. Though
the heavy furniture was similar in appointment to the living rooms'
she found herself confused by several iron stands, they did not hold
comforters or magazines, but were also set with rings. She was not
sure that she wished to find out what they were for. She looked
longingly at all of the books in the wall length bookcases. So many,
she loved to read and was beginning to feel that during her visit she
would not be able to. Maybe if she behaved and pleased them they would
let her read something, just a little each day. Again her stomach
burbled at her.

Tom watched the girls face as she looked at the racks and then the
books, could see the hunger for the printed word in her face and
nodded. Something they could use, he thought to himself. "Heel bitch."
Karen followed him from the room her head turning back to glance a
last time at the books. He walked her past the play room where she had
been sleeping and the bath, to a heavy oak door. Pausing he unlocked
it and flipped on a light. Karen could see the narrow stairs going
down. She wondered how she was to go down them on hands and knees. Tom
seemed to know what she was thinking. "Sit on your ass and drop down
the stairs one at a time." Karen inhaled sharply and looked up
terrified, knowing that with her cunt and tits strapped together that
method was going to "kill" her. In terror she saw that Tom was looking
dead at her face as her eyes met his. A cold smile crossed his lips as
he thumbed the switch to 9 and held the button down. Karen's clit
exploded in pain a scream tore from her ungagged mouth as her body
convulsed. Every muscle stood stark in rictus as she writhed on the
floor at his feet in pain, Her cunt and tits lashed back and forth in
their bonds tearing and throbbing in agony. Tom released the button
after a second. He watched as the girl barely retained consciousness
and tried to gather herself again. "You were warned never to look at
us bitch. You will be punished for that. Now down the stairs slut."
Karen struggled to pull herself up and sit on her inflamed and nearly
fried cunt. Toms foot to her tail started her down the stairs one at a
time. Each landing jarred her cunt and tits, and shoved the plug into
her ass, but finally she made it down all 12 of them to kneel panting
in pain. A flick of the wall switch reveled the basements secrets to
her. Karen shrank back against Toms legs.

In the dim glow of the light she felt like she had been transported
back in time. Hanging from the ceiling was a two legged cage, in the
center of the room an operating table. The gleaming white tile floor
reflected back the light. She could see not far from the table glass
cabinets, an oxygen tank and another autoclave. Towards the back wall
were steel cages, and other esoteric items she did not recognize. "Did
we tell you that Mary is a retired Surgeon? She can repair almost any
damage caused in our play, and sometimes enjoys the torment of a slave
who has erred." "Ahh there you  both are. bitch like my little office?
Oh Tom I found that collar I was looking for. This should remove any
desire that the cunt has to speak. I don't want her to make that error
at the party." Mary's voice was bright and chipper as she came down
the stairs. Karen made sure that her head was bowed as she shook
against Toms leg. Mary reached down and removed the  padded suspension
collar and placed another one around Karen's throat. making a few
small adjustments...she smiled at the trembling slave. "Say something
for me cunt. I want to make sure it works." Karen panicked, nothing
that had been done to her in correction had been fun. "Speak bitch!"
"Please I" Karen whimpered as the collar delivered a sharp shock. Her
hands immediately went to the collar in fear...Tom hit the button on
the leash only power 6 this time. A scream erupted from Karen's throat
"aaaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee" terrified she
dropped her hands and finally breathed a sigh of relief as no shock
hit her throat. "Good it is only reacting to modulated tones. I was a
bit worried, I do so like to hear her scream."

Again Karen's stomach rumbled ominously and began to mildly cramp.
Startled the girl tried to count the days, no she was not due for her
menses. What could be causing it?
Mary noted the rumble and knew. "Have you showed her the outside yet
Tom. She will be ready soon." ready...ready for what? Karen was
confused as usual. "Nope was just headed that way with her. Hell
bitch." Tom turned toward a darkened corner of the basement and walked
over to it. Karen could see that she faced an iron gate and heard the
clank of a heavy key as the lock was turned. Four steps leading up and
then another door and lock. Finally she faced the bright light of day.
Tom led her out into the sunshine. "Ahh beautiful day to walk the
bitch." Karen hung back slightly, go outside?...NAKED?? A tap of the
leashes button propelled her outside into the garden. She could smell
the heavy perfume of roses..a hint of horses and of course the freshly
mowed green growing grass. "We have a rather large garden dear. Don't
worry it is completely fenced in." cramps again raced through Karen's
guts, she needed to use the bathroom badly, but how to ask without
speaking. Tom and Mary led her down a softly manicured lawn...that
sloped gently to a stream. Though she had had little to eat since
yesterday save for the scraps of breakfast they gave her and the
chocolate...chocolate? OH NO...God NO. That was EXLAX...please say it
wasn't! she was hit with another wave of pain as her insides rumbled
and cramped. Mary heard the girls whimper of pain and stopped, bending
over to rub her slightly distended belly. "She is doing fine Tom, very
soon now we can work on the next phase of training. Lets go down to
the pen." Angling toward the lower yard and the stream, they dragged
the cramping slave behind them. Under a cool shade tree they placed
her in a dog pen. In one corner was coiled a garden hose, the ground
was shredded bark, and outside sat two lounge chairs and a low table
already set with a light snack and drink. "Sit bitch" Karen groaned
and knelt as she had been taught, the pressure on her tits and cunt
adding to her misery as her insides rebelled against her. 

Tom and Mary relaxed as they kept an eye on the girls condition, over
and over she was made to sit up and beg for a treat, each movement
agony for her. Constant teasing shocks were given her clit to excite
her. Soon she was barely able to move, the cramping had grown so bad
that sweat was pouring down her flesh. Mary decided it was time.
Taking the leash she walked Karen into the pen and pulled the plug
from her ass. "You may NOT shit until I give the command bitch." Karen
began whimpering as she attempted to hold and maintain some control on
her guts. Mary watched the girl closely, waiting until she knew that
the girl had no control left. "Hurry up Shit bitch, Shit for me." With
a moan of pain and relief, Karen's face colored scarlet as she
squatted in front of Mary and Tom and dumped the contents of her
stomach. "Look at the little cunt, such a well trained bitch, even
shits on command for her Mistress." Toms voice was mocking. Karen knew
without looking that he was watching her and smiling. 'That's a good
cunt, such a good bitch." Mary's hand caressed Karen's hair as she
knelt there in shame. "Empty for me, good girl...good bitch." Karen
did not understand why her clit thrilled as she was praised, but more
and more she found herself wanting to please the both of them. She
could feel the stream spattering her legs and ass and wondered what
she would do for paper...surely they would not make her remain dirty.
At long last she was empty, with head bowed in shame she remained
kneeling. "Cover it cunt...you don't want to smell up the yard." Karen
moved backwards and began to cover the mess with the tanned bark. She
carefully made a pile over the slush using her hands and then knelt
silent, a large tear trailing down her cheek. "Good girl now lets get
you cleaned up." Dragging the slave over to the hose, Mary turned it
on and washed the girls loins with the freezing cold water. Shivering
Karen remained silently in place as the hose was forced into her ass
and she felt the water running back out. "There all nice and fresh.
Heel bitch." walking her outside the pen Mary once again sat and
forced the slave to her belly. Kicking her shoes off she began to
massage the girls cunt and asshole with her foot. sliding the toes
inside her as she lay drying in the sun. Soon Karen was grinding back
against the toes teasing at her openings...not understanding but
accepting the urges that heated her cunt. Mary began to force her foot
into the slaves asshole, stretching it painfully as the girl humped
against it. They watched the girl fuck her own ass with her Mistresses
foot as the sun slowly began to sink. 

Deciding it was time they stood and pulled the girl to her knees.
"Dinner should be ready soon. Shall we?" Karen struggled along behind
them, her cunt chilling in the cool evening breeze as she crawled back
up the grassy hill. She was turned over to Tony to clean up as the
couple went to their room to change and freshen for supper. When they
strolled into the dining room she was already in the sit position
chained to the table leg. Tony was laying out the dinner plates. "Tony
it smells delicious. Was she any problem?" "None at all Miss. Quite
tractable tonight." "Good then she can be rewarded." Karen's heart
leaped, maybe...just maybe she would be allowed to cum, or even God
dare she even hope..more table scraps? Tom and Mary sat down as Tony
served the Stuffed Roasted chicken, Parsleyed potatoes and fresh
Frenched Green bean. Karen could smell the  food as it was served and
barely dared to hope. She could hear the scrape of the forks on
porcelain as they ate and talked about mundane things. "Present Ass."
Toms voice interrupted her thoughts and she rose quickly to present
her ass to him. A soft moan escaped her lips as something long and
thin was inserted partway into her asshole. She thought at first it
was his finger but it was too hard and thin. He began to fuck it in
and out of her ass, then left it protruding partway. "Present cunt."
Karen tuned her cunt towards Mary and felt her hand insert several
hard objects within it. This continued for a while as she turned and
presented to each of them until her ass and cunt felt full. "Now Take
it to Tony in the kitchen and bring back your food bowl." Mary's foot
pushed her towards the kitchen door. Crawling she pushed to door open
and glanced around for Tony. She could see his crossed feet as he
stood near the kitchen sink. Making her way over to him she knelt
silent. "I see the slut has brought me the garbage. Good cunt." She
was startled as Tony griped her legs and pulled them wider. Placing a
bag in front of her face, she watched as he fucked and then pulled and
dropped the chicken bones from her ass and cunt. A flush of shame
washed over her face as her clit throbbed. Fishing around inside her
cunt and ass Tony probed with the bones before discarding them,
exciting the slave. Then with a smirk he looked down at her flushed
body. "Is there something else you want cunt?" Karen started to speak
and caught herself in time. She tried hard to think how to convey that
she was to bring her dish out. Finally she tried begging at the sink.
"Oh your thirsty? Well here slut, have a drink." Tony opened his pants
and pulled out his massive cock. Karen moaned in frustration but
obediently opened her mouth. She felt his cock throb and then release
a stream of piss down her throat. Moaning she swallowed it her clit
clenching harder and lifting the ring in it. Mercifully his bladder
was no where near full and she only needed to swallow a few ounces.
She gently sucked his cock clean and then tried to think of someway to
convey the message without speaking. Finally cringing she took one of
the bones out of the bag with her mouth, rooting around like a dog and
dropped it at his feet. She could taste the juices of her ass on it,
but could think of no other way. "Ohhhhh you want your supper bitch,
why didn't you say so. Here you go cunt." Tony turned to the counter
top and took out a can of Liver and Chicken chunks, she could hear the
whirrrrr of the can opener and the solid thunk of the food hitting the
bowl. Finally he bent over and shoved the bowl into her mouth. "Here
take it to your Master and get out of my kitchen. Karen's jaws ached
as she gripped the shallow steel bowl and turned to crawl back into
the dining room. Tony could not resist a swift kick to her ass as she
crawled away from him with her cunt gaped open. the little slave
yelped and crawled faster, forcing her way through the door to go and
kneel in the sit position in front of Tom.

"Ahh what took you so long slut?" Tom took the bowl from her mouth and
placed it on the table. "I see that Tony has already prepared your
supper. Well maybe a treat is in order, you have been a good little
bitch today." She could hear the scraping of plates into the bowl and
then something being poured in it and stirred. Finally her bowl
appeared before her. Her belly roiled at the mess presented her. Mixed
in with the cold dog food were potatoes and chicken, green beans and a
soupy mess of coffee and cream. She  watched with saddened eyes the
bowl before her and awaited the command to eat. She knew that if she
did not finish it all she would be punished and served the same glop
for breakfast. More she did not want to remind them of her earlier
disobedience and have her feet whipped again. They were just beginning
to feel normal again. 

Mary clipped the leash to her clit again and turned it on low. "You
may eat bitch." Karen's face entered the bowl as she lapped and chewed
her way trough the mess. Slowly she finished her meal, her clit
throbbing as she ate. "see how much the cunt enjoys her food dear....I
knew she would like it once she got used to it." Karen licked her lips
as she finished. Her eyes closed in shame as she felt them stroking
her hair.  Tony came in with a wet cloth and wiped her face down.
"Messy eater isn't the bitch." Mary and Tom laughed as the slave
cringed at the words. "Tony could you get me the hood?" "Of course
Miss." Tony left the room only to return moments later bearing a latex
full face hood. Mary took it from him and forced the girls head into
it. A tube led from the top of the hood to a gag within and supplied
the only air that Karen received. Mary inflated the hood. She was
blind and deaf and quaked. Slowly she breathed through the gag. 

Mary and Tom rose and tugged on the leash...the girl was now
completely dependant on their guidance. Carefully she followed them
out of the room and into the library. Only muffled sounds came to her
ears, it sounded like a TV turned on, but she couldn't tell. Her body
was maneuvered and inserted into one of the racks. She could feel the
cold metal pressing into her groin and shoulders as she was strapped
onto it. The rack was square in shape and the central part was open.
Once Karen was strapped down her body formed a flat table of her back.
There was no place to rest her head. She could feel a cool breeze
blowing across her cunt and ass, her breasts and labia ached with the
position. A scream died in her throat as something cold and metal was
forced into her ass, spreading it wide and gripping her asshole from
either side. Tom had forced a specially designed clamp lamp into her
ass, the stem standing at a 90 degree angle above her. He led a strap
from the lamp stem to her collar to hold it straight and then plug it
in and turned it on. The bulb a 200 watt hovered only 10 inches above
her distended asshole. Tony entered bearing a tray of coffee and snack
cakes and placed it on the girls back. They settled back for a quiet
evening of TV and reading.

Karen struggled to remain still and breathe slowly. The heat from the
bulb was warm at first but began to burn her flesh over the long
minutes. The welts were the first to blaze in pain, then her asshole
followed. Soon she was screaming into the inflated gag as she strained
to move away from the heat. The heavy cast iron frame did not budge.
Mary looked up from her book annoyed as the coffee service rattled on
the girls back. A stab of the leashes button set on 6 soon taught the
girl to bear and not move. "Tony...we need to remove the catheter
tonight, could you bring me a bucket and a crop please." Tony silently
rose and left the room to return with the items. He removed the
service from the girls back...he knew what was coming. Karen was
unaware of what was going on, until she felt her insides being pulled
out through her piss hole. Her flesh shook with the pain of the
catheters removal, but she breathed a sigh of relief. Tony left the
bucket under the girls cunt. That sigh did not last long.

Mary brought the crop down hard dead center of her cunt.
AGONY...NOOOOOO..PLEASE...NOT
THERE...ANYTHING....PLEASE...NNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEE.
Karen's mind tried to flee into darkness, but was brought back again
and again as the crop fell. So much pain, her body struggled and
screamed finally pissing as her cunt was whipped raw. The raw inner
flesh of her urethra screamed in matching pain as the hot piss burned
its way through. With little save recycled piss to drink it was
concentrated and seared its way to the outside world. Tom looked at
the face of his wife as she whipped the girl. He had never seen such a
look of lust on it as she enjoyed the torture of the slaves cunt.
Finally she shuddered and Tom knew that she had cum. Gently he took
the crop from Mary and stared briefly at the raw cunt before him.
"Tony I think we're going to need some ice." Tony smiled..."I thought
we might." he brought two frozen ice condoms out of a small ice
bucket. "Wait a minute though...I might as well enjoy this now." Tom
pushed the lamp over on its side increasing the pressure on Karen's
throat. Then plunged his hard cock into the torn and heated flesh to
fuck the girl in her pain. Mary stepped up the power to 3 on the leash
and teased the girls clit as he raped the beaten flesh. Karen screamed
into the gag over and over as he plowed his way into her cunt...and to
her wonder began to cum.

Unloading in the girl Tom watched as his cum seeped from her cunt. He
then took the two ice condoms and shoved them deep into her. Karen
barely conscious could only shiver as her recently cropped and heated
cunt was now frozen.

Finally they decided it was time for bed...tomorrow would be the last
day of training before the party. Tom made sure that the lamp was
secure and upright, and unstrapped her breasts. Karen shook as the
blood raced back and forth freely for the first time today. She could
not hear them as they left, but finally, fitfully fell asleep.




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

				12. Fridays Child Is Full

Karen could not tell what time it was when the ruthless heat of the
lamp was jerked from her ass and it was plugged again. She had had
little real rest through the night, but awakened at the first rough
touch. She could feel the hands freeing her from her bonds and knew
that they were Tony's. He lifted her from the frame and dropped her
lightly to the floor, where she curled in on herself and tried to ease
the pain in her shoulder and legs. Several sharp kicks urged her to
her knees where she spraddled on the insides of them, the pain in her
whipped cunt forcing her to keep the position she had been made to
crawl in the day before.

Tug on the leash forced her forward to follow him from the room. Once
again she was taken to the bathroom and cleaned inside and out, then
led back to the dining room. Removing the hood Tom looked down on the
slave. She was put through her paces, first eating Mary's cunt and
then Toms cock, before being made to drink Tony's piss. Painfully
Karen's leaped at the commands, afraid to do anything to anger them.
They held her life in their hands, she knew that fully now. Her pain
and pleasure depended upon their whim and her pleasing them. Over and
over she was commanded to positions, and grew wondrous at the feelings
that burned in her cunt, each time she pleased them, earned praise or
pain, her body grew more excited. She rooted for her meal in their
hands, followed them to the garden to relieve herself at their
command, her only thought on the buzzing in her cunt and pleasing
them.

Tom and Mary looked down on her with pride. She would be their finest
slave ever, so eager was she for their touch and praise...so
responsive. Tomorrow of course would be the big test, she would serve
more than just them, would be pushed to the ultimate test of
obedience, but they began to be sure that she would pass her trials
with flying colors.

"Fuck yourself bitch. I want it in your ass." Mary handed the girl a
9" knobby dildo coated with cinnamon oil. They watched as the girl
spread her legs and forced the dildo into her ass on command. Karen
wept as she pushed down on the hotly burning dildo and began to fuck
up and down on it. Her raw cunt flamed with the oil that spread to it,
as she bounced forcing the painful dildo high in her asshole. No
longer were the tears ones of fear, but of need. She began to need the
pain, to enjoy it, as her clit trembled on the verge of cumming.
"Yesssssssssss...that's it cunt...take it all fuck yourself hard with
it." Mary's voice urged her on. Tom offered his cock..."Eat bitch."
Karen's mouth automatically opened and took him deep into her throat.
As Tom reached his own peak he gave the longed for command. "CUM"
Karen's body rocked hard as her cunt flooded, throbbing and dripping
it's cum on the floor. Mary reached down and took the dildo from the
girls ass and held it out to her. Karen sucked it clean.

"Tony our room tonight..she needs the rest for tomorrow." Karen
trembled as she was carried up the stairs and to the room she had
never seen. Dominated by a king sized  four poster Iron bed it was
richly appointed, the carpet so deep she could not hear Tony walking.
He placed her on the bed at the foot and chained her between the
bottom two posts, binding hands and feet in a chain to one and her
collar to the other. Karen had forgotten how good a bed could feel. So
soft and warm...she was nearly asleep when Tom and Mary entered.
Covering her, they climb into bed and stroked the slave until she
relaxed beneath their hands. "You've been such a good girl...tomorrow
will be hard for you, but you will do well." Karen's mind fuzzily
drifted as they turned out the light and settled to sleep.
Tomooooorrow..do welllll..............




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			13. Saturday Night Hell

Karen slowly woke from the best nights rest she had gotten in several
days. So soft was the bed that she awoke from her dream thinking that
the last few days had been a nightmare and that she was still home in
her own comfortable bed. mmmmmmmmmm such a nasty
dream...Wha...wait...why am I tied to the bed?!?! where...oh God it
had not been a dream at all...what day is it?..shit..its
SATURDAY...the day of the party...nononononono. Desperately she pulled
at the chains binding her to the posts of the bed. She froze as a foot
kicked her in the belly. Tom rolled over and opened a bleary eye to
spot the slave. "Lay quiet bitch or else!" he snuggled back down
against Mary. "Com'on lazy ...today's the party and we have a lot to
do. Get up." Tony knocked discretely on the door and brought a coffee
tray into the room. "I was just coming to wake you." "The Bear had
Jessann brought over to help set up and clean. She is new to his
stable, but he says she could use the training. I left her waiting in
the foyer." With a groan and reluctant to leave the bed Tom accepted
the cup of steaming coffee and cream. Leaning back against the pillows
he ran one naked foot over Karen's lips. Karen's mouth opened
automatically and began to lick between his toes. Mary looked down at
the slave and smiled. "We can leave her here for right now. Lets go
take a look at this Jessann creature." Tom nodded and reached for the
robe he had tossed over Karen the night before.

Jessann was waiting in the foyer alright as they descended the stair.
She had little choice in the matter. The Bear had her delivered, but
not under her own steam. A burlap sack completely covered all but her
blonde head. Pinned to the bag was a note, and in her mouth was
stuffed a bar of soap held by a silk scarf. Her face was flushed with
shame at the condition she was in. The bag was moving and rolling as
she tried to stop the maddening itch of the burlap. Mary took the note
and opened it. 

Dear Tom and Mary:

Needless to say I am looking forward to your party tonight and to
seeing the new bitch that you are displaying. I acquired this piece of
meat just the other day. Have not had much time to work with
her...busy schedule you know, but thought that you could use the help
in setting up for tonight. Please don't mark her too badly, that is a
pleasure I wish to have, but you may use her anyway you wish until I
get there. She brought some cleaning things with her."

Bear

Mary read the note out loud and then looked down at the petite woman.
"Tony it says she brought cleaning things with her?..." 'Only the slut
arrived Miss...unless..." Mary bent over and examined the scarf gag
"Oh my Bear is such a joker. Well I have found the cleaning soap, lets
see what else he has hidden with her." Mary undid the rope binding the
top closed. With a little help from Tony she spilled the girl onto the
floor. Jessann quivered as her body hit the cold floor, and then
flushed a deep crimson. Her body had been bound with cleaning rags,
strapped to her cunt between her legs was a heavy duty scrub-brush.
Appearing behind her was the head of a feather duster flush with her
bottom. Her hands were gloved and bound into oven mitts. Duct taped to
each pert breast was an open can of furniture wax and a can of silver
polish. Mary and Tom burst out laughing at the sight. "Now that is
what I call the perfect cleaning caddy Miss." Tony could barely
contain his own laughter. A small parcel dropped from the bag as he
picked it up...peeking in side as he picked it up Tony began to
chuckle. He showed Tom and Mary the contents and they laughed with
him. "Oh this is priceless....Bear has really out done himself this
time." Mary was laughing so hard that tears gleamed at the edge of her
cheek. I need breakfast and then we can put the slut to work." They
repaired to the dining room for a light breakfast. Jessann remained
silent on the foyer floor.

Half and hour later Tony returned for the girl. He hoisted her onto
his shoulder and carried her into the kitchen. Placing her on the cold
steel center table her untied her body and retied her hands in front
of her removing the gloves. Jessann watched him with eyes wide in some
little fear. She had been told that if she did not do a good job and
exactly as she was told, Bear would take each mistake out of her hide
later. Tony drew a bucket of steaming hot water and removed the soap
from her mouth. Slowly her withdrew the scrub-brush from between her
legs, the bristles scraping painfully over the girls shaven mons. He
dropped it in the bucket along with the soap. "Follow me and bring the
bucket." He set both it and the 5'6 girl on the floor. Jessann started
to rise and lift the heavy bucket. "No slut....Slaves do not stand in
here except when told." He pressed her back to her knees. Tony turned
and started to walk out of the kitchen. Jessann looked at the bucket
and then his retreating back...she couldn't carry it in her bound
hands on her knees...what to do? Finally she wrapped her arms around
the bucket and tried to crawl after him. Each step sloshed the
steaming hot water onto her upper chest to stream back into the
bucket. By the time she caught up with him, her eyes were full of
tears. Tony smiled "You will start in here, the floor is to be
scrubbed with the brush one square at a time, then wiped with the dry
cloth." He shoved a handful of the cleaning cloths in her mouth. "You
may not use your hands to dry." Jessann looked at the expanse of floor
and groaned, she would be on her knees for an hour or more....she
crawled over to the corner and dipped her hands in the water
retrieving the brush and soap. She began to scrub the floor tiles. One
at a time. When one was clean, she bent with the rag in her mouth and
dried it, polishing it to a fine gleam. Tony grinned at the slave
whose back was to him and watched the bob of the feather duster still
sunk in her ass. It would be fun having her dust. He turned and went
back to the kitchen.

Mary and Tom had gone back upstairs to their room. Karen lay where she
had been left, resting, she knew deep in her gut that tonight would be
the hardest of her stay to date. After showering and dressing they
decided that she would benefit from a walk and leashed her clit, then
released her. Karen's cunt began to seep with the added weight of the
leash on her clit ring. Her bladder was full to bursting, and her
stomach empty. Tom led her back down the stairs and out to her pen.
Karen waited head down for the command to release her wastes. Tom
smiled, Mary had been right about this one, she was obedient and quick
to learn. He did not think that after tonight she would be able to
return to her former life, the need was deep in this one, and the
shame of what she would be put through...well how would she face her
co-workers. Waiting until her body literally danced with the need to
relieve itself...he finally gave the command. "Piss and shit
bitch...hurry up." Relief flooded over the girls face as she knelt and
emptied her body. Swiftly she finished up and covered the mess then
crawled to the hose to wait for Tom to clean her. Her stomach rumbled
softly begging for food. "Nothing for you today slut, not until later
and then you will be fuller than you thought possible. " Tom briskly
ran the hose over the girls loins and cleaned her, then led her from
the pen and back to the house. Leading her to the bath room he placed
her in floor stocks and attached a yoni's butterfly to her clitring.
Turning it on low he left her to wait for her preparation for the
night.

Jessann started as she heard the doorbell ring. She could hear Mary's
voice and the sound of several other people talking. She looked out at
the expanse of floor that she had just cleaned, she was nearly done.
She looked up in shock as several people entered the room...Oh NO!!!!
The floral delivery men entered and started arranging flowers on the
tables around the room. As they placed their burdens down each of the
four men noticed her, and the unclothed state she was in. "KINKY!!!"
"Hey Joe take a look at this bitch is that a flower in her ass?" "Nah
man, looks more like a bird suicided there." Jessann wanted to sink
through the floor. "Hey dude look at the pretty colors she is
turning." Tony entered the room at that moment and the men turned
silent. 'Don't let me stop you gentlemen, the sluts a slave, say what
you want about her." Tony smirked and walked over to the girl. "slut
look at this floor, you were supposed to be scrubbing it!" Jessann
looked at the floor with dismay, the florists had trampled it with
muddy shoes. A groan escaped her lips, she would have to do it all
over again. Tony took his foot and shoved the girl into the middle of
the floor with one thrust. "Start scrubbing slut, and wiggle that
tail for the nice men, they've been complimenting you." Jessann felt a
tear escapee and trail slowly down her cheek as she obeyed, her hands
scrubbing at the dirt, her mouth filled with the drying rag , she
bowed her head and wiggled her ass for the men, making a display of
herself. One of them, a veteran of deliveries to the house walked over
and began to fuck the feather duster in and out of her ass. "Nice
birds you have around her Tony...gotta say they have taste." Jessann
could feel the flush wash over her, and strangely the hunger burning
in her cunt. "Well gotta get the rest of the flowers in...uh say Tony
mind if I take a picture? Nobody is gonna believe this otherwise."
"Sure" Tony turned and pulled a Polaroid from  draw..."here catch."
The florist snatched the camera from the air...."Spread 'em cunt..show
me everything you got." Jessann hesitated..."Now Slut!" Tony's command
rang out and she shuddered then spread her legs wide. she could hear
the whir of the motor as the man took shots of her stuffed ass and
naked cunt. "Man she is wet and hot. Thanks Dude." 

Finally the men left as Jessann continued to scrub the floor. Service
people were in and out all day, the caterers being the last to arrive
and leave. The table had been set up,  toys discretely placed
everywhere and it was time for both the slaves to be cleaned up and
prepped for the party. Tony led Jessann into the bathroom where Karen
already waited. Tony drew a bath of steaming water and scented it with
a light musk. He then turned and set up the steel table. He removed
the center section of it, and turning released Karen and placed her
face down on the table so that her belly rested in the free area.
Finally he strapped her in tightly and petted the trembling girl.
"Tonight you will be clean inside and out at least in the beginning.
Taking a feeder spoon he forced a teaspoon of syrup of ipecac down the
girls throat. Placing a bucket under her he waited for the emetic to
work as the girl began to empty her stomach of all remaining food from
the day before. Karen wept as her body strained to force the little
she held from it. Jessann looked on in horror and pity. Finally
satisfied that there was nothing left, Tony forced the nozzle into her
ass. Filling the bottle with a quart of extremely warm water and soap
he ran it slowly into her. Karen could feel her belly bulge through
the table. Tony  filled the bottle twice more and ran the water into
the girls ass then inflated the nozzle. Karen moaned with the pain as
the water distended her belly greater than it had before. Patting her
straining ass he turned to Jessann, stripped her of her toys and
ordered her into the tub. Jessann climbed in with bowed head her body
recoiling from the heated water. "Please it is..." 'Shut up and in
cunt!" Tony pushed her into the tub roughly. Jessann yelped as the hot
water burned her tender flesh and then again as Tony with all the
efficiency of a Dog groomer began to scrub her with the same brush she
had used on the floors. His hand plunged beneath the water to push the
soap into her cunt and scrub it out, the running a soapy finger into
her ass, he made sure that she too would not offend anyone. Jessann
could only struggle to remain above the water and he roughly turned
her this way and that like a piece of meat. Pulling the girl from the
tub he dried her then brushed and tied her hair back. Chaining her to
the stock her left her and turned back towards Karen. By this time the
girl was screaming in pain. Her insides were knotted in pain  and the
relief was astronomical when her released the valve and the water shot
from her under pressure. Her groan of relief turned to screams as he
ran another three quarts inside her and locked the valve. 

He turned back to Jessann and picked up the bag her owner had sent
with her. Pulling a small cosmetic case from it, a large fan of
peacock feathers and an open faced latex hood, he set them out to
dress her with. Bending the girl to the floor he forced the peacock
feathers plug base into her ass dryly. Her moans of pain as it was
forced in made him smile. Pulling her upright he spread the fan of
feathers wide so that they framed the back of her body. opening the
cosmetic bag he carefully made up her face Kholing her eyes a dark
black. Reaching into the bag he revealed to the shaking girl a beaked
gag. The bright yellow contrasting with the black of the base. He
forced the penis shaped rubber pad into her mouth and fastened it
tight. Pulling the tight latex hood on her he made sure that her hair
lay smoothly underneath. With care he rouged her nipples and mons a
bright crimson red and then affixed the feathered toothed nipple
rings, tightening it so that her nipples bulged through the centers. A
delicate slip chain and a single sleeve glove was last. Turning the
girl so that she could see herself in the mirror he grinned as she
blushed. She looked like a bizarre bird, semi plucked and ready for
anything. Tony led her from the bathroom and into the foyer. There he
placed her kneeling upon a hassock...her legs spread wide and hooking
her chain high on the wall then cuffed her knees open. Stepping into
the Dining room he came back with an antique cigarette tray, placing
the strap over her neck and arranging her tits on the tray. Once he
was satisfied that she was indeed secure and that the tray would not
spill, he loaded it with champagne glasses filled with the sparkling
wine. Finally he turned and went back to finish up with Karen.

Glancing at the time Tony moved swiftly, emptying the girl out, he ran
the douche hose through her cunt, insuring that she would be spotless
inside. Releasing her from the table he picked her up and dropped her
into the still warm tub, adding hot water, he began to scrub her flesh
down. Karen lay frightened and limp in the tub as he moved her into
the positions he wanted. His rough treatment of her compliant flesh
was beginning to make her cunt throb. Finally he removed her from the
tub and dried her, braiding her hair tightly in a loop and securing
it. Chaining her in place by her collar he began to dress her. As he
fastened the harness onto her flesh that Glen had sold them he smiled
again. The pain that flitted over her face as each tit was forced
through the tight rings and the toothed nipple rings bit into her
tender buds, excited him. He looked at the bulging flesh and could not
resist. Her screams as he sank his teeth into her nipple flesh were
music to his ears. Forcing her legs open he sank the hooks into her
tender hole and then fastened the straps wide. The leg straps came
next and he clipped the labia rings into the straps to force her lips
wide. He did not add the hobble straps as she had service to perform
first, instead placing them into his pocket. adding a string of bells
to her clit ring and to the nipple rings he looked critically at his
creation.  At last he let the water out of the tub and led her
jingling to the dining room. Karen looked up startled at Jessann
kneeling in the foyer, the heavy drink tray suspended from her. She
had not been able to watch the transformation from human to a strange
bird but thought that she looked lovely. She had only the brief glance
before she was forced into the dining room. 

Tony picked up her body and placed it on a cold tray in the center of
the table. Taking a couple of the straps from his pocket he bound her
knees to the shoulder straps of the harness, forcing her legs wide
open. He then bound her hands to her side. The girl lay there her
labia and cunt spread wide and gaping in the air. A soft moan escaped
her lips as He forced saran wrap into her cunt and a condom into her
ass insuring that her flesh would not touch and contaminate anything.
Moving to the kitchen he returned bearing a pastry bag and a crushed
ice condom. He forced the condom into the girls open hole and then
inserted the pastry nozzle squeezing. Karen could feel her cunt
filling with a thick pasted the pressure spreading her wider and
wider. Tony led a mound of clam dip out of her spread cunt. Piling it
high in streams, he then forced carrot sticks into her open condomed
asshole. Karen groaned as her ass was filled...feeling each stick
enter with its sharp edge and counting 24 of them. Delicately he laid
her clit ring on top of the clam dip. Moving to her head he forced a
ball with a crystal dish into her mouth, filling it with ranch
dressing. The crystal rested on her lips and she breathed carefully
through her nose. A tray of appetizers on her belly and a bed of
lettuce leaves and flowers around her completed the picture. Satisfied
Tony went to clean the bathroom and freshen up.

Mary and Tom descended the stairs just as the doorbell rang. Mary's
dress in sliver and black metallic disks glistened in the light.
Tightly form fitting it revealed her splendid figure and was little
more than a belt between crotch and cleavage. Tom dressed in a black
leather tuxedo adjusted his coiled whip as he went to answer the door.
Tom got the door while Mary checked on Karen. The girl was shivering
from the cold in her cunt, her body aching as it protested the bonds.

"Skruffy...Glad you could make it man, been a long time since you
could get here." "Tom you don't know how much I have missed your
parties...but life interferes sometimes with simple pleasures." The
tall man entered and Jessann could see him as he stopped to look at
her. His gold brown eyes seemed to take in her body and decor as he
reached for a glass. A smirk crossed his face as he brushed against
her rouged feathered nipples and ran and cold finger between her cunt
lips. "Nice decor. Is she yours?" "No...just a cunt that Bear sent
over to help out. And who is this sweet little ball of succulence?"
Ahhhhhhhh...come out and let him see you better merci" Skruffy yanked
at the chain binding the tiny woman's wrists. dragging her in front of
him. She wore a simple white gown that covered her full figure and
brushed the floor. Merci red hair flared around her face, her green
eyes rolling with a touch of fear as she took in the peacocked woman
and the heavy whip at Toms side. "SKRUFFY You Made it." Mary exited
the dining room and hugged the man, playfully tweaking his long dark
hair so tightly quayed. "This is going to be a fantastic evening, did
you bring your favorite toy?" "merci...oh you mean my Knife...yes."
"Merci? Skruffy you do come up with the most hideous puns for your
playmates...has she learned yet that you have none?" Skruffy just
grinned and sipped his champagne. Tom and Mary moved into the Dining
room with the couple as Tony manned the door. His tight flesh was
displayed in a black harness and boots. He was stripped for action
knowing just how enjoyable the evening was sure to be. 

One by one the guests arrived, some dragging slaves behind them,
EvilKath stalked in from her car dragging a terrified and reluctant
slave behind her. Whipping off her cloak she reveled a full figure
bound tightly in black leather corset and 4" heeled boots, the slave
with a cruel curb bit followed, lovelyldy had been to one of these
parties before and knew that she would take weeks to recover. Kath
turned and lashed her naked ass with a quirt goading the girl into the
house. "You are not going to be a problem tonight!" Lovelyldy shot
into the house as the quirt raised the first welt of the week on her
ass, and was pulled short by the reins to her bit. Pain flashed
through her eyes as her mouth was jerked cruelly. Taking a glass of
champagne Kath dribbled a bit down Jessanns cleavage smiling as it
dripped slowly down her belly and off her cunt.  "Dining room Tony?"
she flung the question over her shoulder as she led the 5'4 elfin
slave into the room. Tony grinned as the girl was led away from him,
her shoulder length curly brown hair drawn back into a pony tail to
match the swaying horsehair tail swaying in her ass, her arms bound
behind her. He was just shutting the door, when another car pulled up
and   GeneK alighted. With a grace belying his size, the tall
Amerasian scooped his slave out of the car. lizettes eyes took in the
Tudor style mansion and the grounds, then Tony standing at the door
and tried to dive back into the car. Tony could hear the THUD as GeneK
brought his hand down hard on her cloaked body. With a look of
reproach lizette pulled the kinsale closer about her body and followed
her Master into the house. Gene indicated she was to keep her cloak on
for now, peeking Tony's interest. 

The guests milled around in the dining room, catching up on old times,
trading slave stories. Karen lay groaning on the table as they slid
the carrot sticks in and out of the condom and scooped the clam dip
from her wrapped cunt. Her jaws ached with the weight of the ball
stretching her mouth and the crystal bowl attached to it. "Mary the
slut is lovely, where on earth did you find her?" Kaths' hand tugged
and pulled on the clit ring idly as she talked to her hostess. "IRC of
all places...the little slut wandered into a sex room and needless to
say...that was all she wrote. It didn't take very much to gain her
confidence."  "How long have you had her?" Genes voice reached across
the room. "She's been here a week and has trained perfectly. I think
she is the best one yet."  "Knowing yours and Toms taste on use of a
slave, not to mention Tony, I am surprised." Tom and Mary both laughed
as Karen turned scarlet. Lizette crouched at her Masters feet and
looked up at him questioningly. He merely stroked her hair. Pulling
lovelyldys reins Kath pulled her head down to the bound and suffering
slave. "Say hello lovely." Lovelyldys bitted mouth brushed against the
tormented nipple before her. Mary turned as the door bell rang again
and a muffled shriek was heard from the hallway.

Tony opened the door to Glen and Bruno. "Master Glen so good to see
you again so soon, and Bruno, how are you boy." Glen nodded to Tony,
Bruno said nothing but buried his nose into the crotch of Jessann. His
cold nose and hot tongue licking at her exposed cunt. Jessann shrieked
as she saw the giant Rottweiler Great Dane Cross. She trembled as he
pushed hard into her cunt. Glen pulled him back by the collar, "SIT."
Reluctantly the dog obeyed licking the taste of human pussy off his
jowls. "I see Bruno hasn't lost his taste for slave flesh." "Not at
all but the pickings have been slim for him as of late, he has had to
settle for dog bitches." Hmmm Library or living room, don't want him
getting to excited too soon." "Library, I will bring him in some water
in a minute." Glen led the dog down the hall, Bruno knowing that he
would get a treat tonight. Tony checked the guest list only two more
guests expected. He heard the sounds of a motor coming up the
drive....finally coughing to a halt as it parked. A moment later he
opened the Door and smiled. "FX how's the stage treating you." "Not
bad, not bad at all. I brought two toys with me, I hope that Tom and
Mary wont mind. One of them is useless to me, I thought that maybe
they would know of a good strict owner for him, the other...ahhh
there's the rub." FX yanked on the chains leading in two men, one
young and still in the first flush of youth, the other a middle aged
man bearing the pain of his ringed balls and pierced cock bravely.
"Oooooooo Drinkies..." taking a glass from the bound girls tray he
grinned rakishly at her...a scream of startled pain coming muffled
from her gag. Tony had watched as he palmed the flash paper and held
it between her legs. Exposed to air, it flared up with a "POOF"
singeing but not burning her.  Leading his toys into the dining room
FX settled into the conversation.




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

				14. Dinner

A congenial hour was spent sharing updates of their exploits. The
slaves in attendance looking a bit nervous as the Sadistic group spoke
of new torments. Karen was moaning behind the ball gagging her mouth
by the time they had finished emptying her cunt of the clam dip.
Things were beginning to wind down a bit as the door bell rang again.
"I'MMMM HERE!!!" With an expansive gesture DebiJean swept into the
room a slave dragging behind her, "sorry I'm late but there is nothing
worse than a slave with 300 pairs of shoes. How the hell do you chose
shoes to go with this outfit!" she turned toward the girl behind her
and stripped off her covering cloak..to reveal her large bound breasts
painted with red targets, a scoring line in blue around her distended
cunt lips and a catheter and bag leading from between her legs. The
full figured slave tottered precariously on black 6' heels with a
rainbow band on the toes in red, yellow and blue. "Why I indulge her I
will never know." "Well dinner will be in a few minutes...why don't we
let Tony clear the table?" "Here let lovelyldy clean up your slave."
EvilKath dragged her slave over by her bitted mouth, and forced her
head between Karen's legs. Painfully lovelyldy extended her tongue and
began to clean the clam dip paste off her mons and thighs. Soon Karen
was writhing as the tongue with the edges of the bit scraped against
her clitring and snagged it. As lovelyldy gave into the pain in her
tightly bitted mouth EvilKath brought the quirt up hard between her
legs goading her onward in her efforts. Finally satisfied that the
ponied slave had cleaned up the mess as best she could, she reined her
back to kneel beside her.

Tony entered the room from the kitchen and unbound the moaning girl on
the table. "Excuse me Sirs and Madams, if you would be so kind as to
send your slaves into the kitchen they can serve your meal." Tony
grinned this was one of the more enjoyable parts of the dinner
parties. It allowed him to be creative in his torments. With shoves
and goading of crops whips and quirts the slaves were ushered into the
kitchen. GeneK held his still cloaked slave aside as the others
entered Tony's domain. Karen too was held back, kneeling silent
between Tom and Mary. She would serve hard enough soon.

Slowly the slaves exited the kitchen with a mix of pride and misery on
their faces. Tony had spent time crafting his servers. First to enter
was chuckg a look of sheer pain on his face as a heavily loaded basket
of bread swung from his balls. Tony had inserted a heated heavy brick
into the basket to keep the bread warm. He was followed by rabidchia.
Tottering carefully on her 6" heels she bore a bowl of steaming hot
bouillabaisse tied between her tits. With her hands bound behind her
she had little chance to support the heated bowl of soup and moaned
each time the bowl sloshed spattering her bound tits. Dude followed on
his knees carefully balancing a tray bearing steaming vegetables, the
heat transferring through the tray to his back. Each of the slaves
circled the table slowly to allow the guests and owners to fill their
plates and bowls as they wished. If basket bounced or soup splashed,
it was the slaves place to bear it silently. Tony exited the room and
went into the foyer to bring Jessann back. Her body had been bound
upside down in a rolling cart that resembled a Champagne cooler. Her
legs were bound open and crushed ice had been inserted into her cunt
and a Methuselah of Champagne protruded from her distended cunt lip.
Her muffled moans as she was pushed around the table added to the
striking contrast between the rouged flesh and the peacocks tail
spreading from her ass. The Sadist enjoyed pouring their drinks and
shoving the bottle back into the shivering girls cunt. Satisfied that
all were enjoying the beginning of the meal Tony entered the kitchen
again the sound of a whips crack and a scream telling everyone that
the main course was soon to follow. Lovelyldy was goaded from the
kitchen under the whip, her reins held tight in one of Tony's hands as
he snapped the whip at her ass and shoulders. She was pulling a heavy
little cart, the straps and traces clamped to her cunt lips and tits.
Nestled in the cart was a magnificent 25lb piece of Roast Beef, the
blood pooling around it, large baked potatoes in silver and gold foil
steaming by its side. Every crawling step was agony, Tony had arranged
the traces so that they would magnify the pull needed to start and
keep the cart moving. She was reined in at each guest so that he could
slice and serve them, then with a snap of the whip forced to crawl
forward again restarting the wagon each time.

Dinner progressed slowly with the diners taking their time ordering
one slave or the other forward to choose a delicacy. But finally it
was time for coffee and dessert. The Methuselah empty had been forced
upside down in the puddle of icy water in Jessanns cunt. Lovelyldy
wondered if her cunt and tits would ever recover, chuckg was afraid to
even move again, his balls were so swollen and tender from the weight.
Rabidchia nearly had more of the soup on and in her than in the bowl.
Dude had faired fairly well, as the veggies were removed the tray had
cooled, but he wondered too whether his back would recover. Tony
brought a Samovar from the kitchen and placed it upon the boys back.
Reaching beneath him and gripping his cock and balls he chained them
to the sugar dispenser and creamer, then rested them on the tray. A
snap of the crop and Dude set off about the table. Each of the guests
decided to flavor their coffee and pulled the chains hard as they
added sugar or cream. To rise up with the chains would have meant
spilling the Samovar and Dude knew he would wear the coffee then, all
he could do was groan with the pain as his cock and balls were cruelly
stretched.

Finally it was time for the dessert tray to be rolled out. Tony had
spent the time during the meal to prepare it and lay the choices out
just so. He rolled the tray form the kitchen, bound upon the frame was
merci, her hands and feet tied spread eagled to the legs. Sculpted
upon her bound tits were Ice Cream Bombe's, the brandy wells molded in
them flaming, curved around her torso was a Black Forest cake, the
cherries swimming in the middle of mounds of chocolate frosting.
Resting in a folded napkin in her spread cunt was a large spoon a
sharp knife and a cake server. The girl barely breathed as the guest
served themselves, the knife coldly running down her skin as they cut
pieces from her.

"Mary you and Tony have out done yourselves, this is going to be a
wonderful night." Skruffy looked down at his slave as he ran the knife
down her belly to her mons. As the meal wound down, Tony removed the
slaves to the bathroom and hosed them off. They would be clean for the
rest of the evening, at least to start. They were lead back to the
playroom and living room to await their owners pleasures.

"bitch drink." Karen heard the command but it did not come from Tom,
Mary or Tony...instead it came from the end of the table. Coloring a
deep red she crawled over to FX and took his exposed cock in her
mouth. As he off loaded the results of too much champagne and coffee,
her throat worked to keep up. "Mary ...perfect training. How did you
accomplish it so easily..or was she?" "Sorry FX that is all my
training and thanks to the wonderful invention that Glen sold us. We
are going to be marketing it, a wonderful training leash, it can
reward or punish electrically." "Sounds interesting I hope that we
will get to see it in action later?" "Most definitely, but shall we
get started? Living room or playroom your choice. Gene you slave has
served little this evening, isn't she well?" "Ahhhh yes she is and
will serve in a very special way shortly. she needs to conserve her
strength." "I can't wait Gene...you are always full of surprises."

The guest repaired to the living room, to ready for the evenings
festivities.




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

		15. Bread And Circuses

After lighting a fire in the fireplace, Tony passed around snifters of
Brandy as the guest settled back into their seats. Karen's huddled
trembling between Tom and Mary. Sure that everyone had been served
Tony left and guided the slaves back into the room. Tentatively they
milled around, knowing that the fun this evening might well be very
one sided. 

GeneK approached Tony and leaned over to whisper in his ear. Tony
smiled and nodded then turned to open the large French doors to the
outside. "Ladies and Gentlemen if I may ask you to join me in the
garden I have a treat for you." GeneK bowed and taking lizettes leash,
stepped into the darkness beyond. Each of the Owners gathered their
slaves and led them into the night air. Tony hit the floodlights ,
spot lighting Gene and lizette standing in the middle of the garden.
Gene turned lizette toward the guests and removed her cloak, dropping
it from her pale body to reveal the lush flesh beneath. Gene carefully
turns her so that all can see his prize. Under the cloak she is
wearing only a black strap harness around her upper body, her wrists
are pulled way up behind her and attached to the harness in between
her shoulder blades. With care he holds out a bridle with blinders and
bit. All can see the girl shaking her head and pleading with him, but
he pinches her nose and forces the bit between her teeth. Settling the
bridle about her head he straps it tight. Bending her over he inserts
a dark horsehair tail into her ass...the moan of pain as it enters
reaching the watching Sadists. Gene satisfied stepped back and
unhooked a dressage whip from his belt. Raising it, he signals Tony
who starts the CD player and a heavy Martial drum beat fills the air.
A murmur of appreciation goes out as the girl straightens her back,
raises her head and on the first downbeat, steps high the snap of the
dressage whip on her rump starting the movement. Each measured step
lands on the drum downbeat, the other foot lifting and placed
perfectly in line with her body. EvilKath recognizes the dressage
passage from the Royal Lipperzanier Stallions and pulls lovelyldys
head around so that she can see the training she is in for. 

The temp begins to pick up and a snap of the lead and the whip push
lizette into a trot, each leg lifting nearly to her chest and falling
rapidly in perfect line as she trots in a circle. Tony moves softly
from the shadows and places several low styles about the garden ring.
lizette with her blinders can not see him, her mind concentrating on
the circular path she trots, trying to control her breathing with each
round. Gene lets her trot until the foam of her exertion runs down her
flesh, tired her steps are not as high, her head drooping slightly. He
watches and begins to rein her in. Gratefully she comes to a halt in
front of her Master, her ribs heaving as she tries to catch her
breath. 

GeneK attaches a thin strap to the front of her harness, cinching it
very, very tightly through her thighs and between her pussy lips,
bringing it up behind her to attach to her bridle to pull her head
back. Taking up a thin cane, and slashing it across her rear again and
again he lets out the lead fully. Lizette shakes with pain as her head
held once again high begins to trot at the end of her lead, her tail
streaming out behind her. The music is now the Airs Above Ground of
the RLS and lizette knows that she will be put to the test. With the
blinders she can not see the jumps to come and must rely solely on her
Masters cane to signal her. Her legs lift high in pain as the strap
saws back and forth between her labia. Finally she is at the end of
the lead and in the path of the four jumps. Her legs lifting high and
hard when SNAP, the cane catches her legs. Round and round she flashes
each jump signaled by the painful snap of the cane, until she stumbles
on a landing. Gene takes no pity but switches her until she begins to
move again. Over and over she jumps, her breath audible as she
struggles for air, her body dripping, her eyes a blind panic, would he
drive her into the ground? Finally she can take no more, her legs lead
beneath her, her thighs a mass of welts from the goading cane. With a
final leap she crashes to the soft ground, again and again the cane
bites into her thighs until she regains her knees. Gently Gene pulls
her to him, stroking the weeping gasping girl, his hands steadying
her. Gently he kisses her forehead, then turns, the black of his
clothing shining in the light, and bows. The gathered Sadist applauded
his work. Lizette pulled into a bow by her bridle, a well trained pony
girl. Gently Gene walks her to cool her lathered body, allowing her
breathing to slow naturally. 

"Gene she is perfect...you have done wonders with her. We must race
them in the morning...I know that Tom and Mary have carts at the
stables." EK takes Genes arm as they walk back into the room Lizette
and lovelyldy pulled by their bridles behind them. Lovely looks over
at the exhausted lizette...would she to have to perform so? Race?..oh
please no. Sitting Gene agrees to the race and to a wager, $100 that
his lizette would out run and out pull lovelyldy. Lovely glances at
her Owner, trembling in fear, she knows that EvilKath does not like to
lose and that she would do well to win. Gene continues to stroke his
pet pony, feeding her a small lump of sugar and covering her with the
cloak, to keep her from chilling.

"Hmmmmmmmm a bit warm in here...feather brain get over here and fan
me." Jessann looks up to see who called her, her face blushing as she
moves over to Skruffy. He turns her body and snaps a crop between her
legs, confusion races over the girl with her arms sleeved how is she
ever to fan him. Impatient he forces the girl to her knees facing away
from him. "Get that ass moving slut, fan me with your tail."
precariously the girl perches on her knees lift and dropping her ass
as she tries to fan him with her peacock tail feathers. "Much much
better slut."

"OK everyone I have an announcement to make...I have a slave for
sale." FX stands and faces the room pulling chuck forward by his ball
chain. "He is a bit older than I prefer, but a good pain slut none the
less. Now, before you bid you really ought to see the merchandise
perform. I have been training Dude as my Shall we say....Major Domo.
Since he will be responsible for making sure that my slaves are kept
busy while I am treading the boards, I will allow him to demonstrate
chucks..pain levels." Stepping back FX gestures to Dude who rises and
bows . "I give you Dude!!!" Dude looks out upon the crowd, not meeting
eyes but a sterness to his face none the less. Turning he picks up a
small black bag and opens it. chuck begins to shake as he sees the bag
and the look on Dudes face. Reaching into the bag Dude draws forth
something then fans his hand to reveal tiny glistening fishhooks
between his fingers like a magician. Gently he draws chuck to him and
forces him to his knees. chucks eyes can not leave the hooks, his cock
beginning to rise in anticipation. Dude slowly moves a hook toward the
mans head, pressing the needle sharp point into the flesh of his ear
and out the back. chucks body shakes with the pain as Dude places
another hook in the opposite earlobe. Eyes gleaming he forces hooks
through chucks paps, tugging lightly he insures that all hooks are set
properly, the points digging into the tender flesh. Dude steps back to
show the glistening hooks imbedded in chucks flesh and the turgid
state of his cock. Kneeling he busies himself at the mans balls, and a
muffled scream can be heard. With a flourish he rises to reveal the
eight hooks of pain in chucks balls. Taking a thin fishline he threads
it through the eyes of the hooks lacing one to the other from earlobe
to balls to paps and pulls chuck into a tight ball. The mans moans of
pain and agony can be heard as he rides the pain. Looking around, Dude
takes up a birch bundle, pulling it from a stand of brine and shakes
the water from it. chuck forced to stare into his own crotch can see
nothing, but his hardened cock. 

SWIIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSHHTTTTTTTTTTHHHWAAAAAAACK,
SWIIIIIISSSSSSSSHHTTTTTTTTTTHHHWAAAAAAACK,
SWIIIIIISSSSSSSSHHTTTTTTTTTTHHHWAAAAAAACK, the blows fall fast and
furious on chucks ass and back, the flesh welting and splitting under
the impact. A high pitched keen of pain erupts from the man's curved
body. 

SWWWIIIIIIISSSSSSHHTTTTTTTTTTHHHWAAAAAAACK,
SWIIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSHHTTTTTTTTTTHHHWAAAAAAACK,SWIIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSHHTTTTTTTTTTHHHWAAAAAAACK,
with a cry chuck begins to writhe pulling at the hooks in his nipples,
earlobes and balls. Drops of blood can be seen dropping to the
polished wood floor, as he tried to remain balled against the pain.
SWIIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSHHTTTTTTTTTTHHHWAAAAAAACK,
SWIIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSHHTTTTTTTTTTHHHWAAAAAAACK,SWIIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSHHTTTTTTTTTTHHHWAAAAAAACK,
over and over the birch branches bite into the tender flesh, tearing
and scream of pain and lust escaping chucks mouth as he yields to
them. Dude eyes glitter in the firelight, sweat caressing his
brow..his cock rock hard. Dude looks around the room for a free
slave...Mary nods. "PRESENT MOUTH!" Karen her eyes wide in terror
races across the room and takes the cock deep in her throat. Dudes arm
falls in mechanical rhythm as the girl sucks and licks his cock. Her
clit throbs in rhythm with the blows,
SWIIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSHHTTTTTTTTTTHHHWAAAAAAACK,SWIIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSHHTTTTTTTTTTHHHWAAAAAAACK,
SWIIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSHHTTTTTTTTTTHHHWAAAAAAACK, with a scream of
pain chuck bucks upward, tearing the hooks deep into his scrotum and
revealing his face covered in cum, his own.
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS.
Dude thrusts into the girls sucking mouth to release his own cum deep
into it, filling it to overflowing and watching the man screaming on
the floor before him. Karen swallows the cum, it besides the piss all
she has had for the days meal. "Heel bitch." finishing her cleaning of
the cock she obeys Toms voice and crawls to kneel silently by his
side. Chuck licks the cum from his mouth, tasting himself, his eyes
watching the slow drip of blood as he tries to recover from the hooks,
each imbedded deep into the torn flesh. His body stays curled to
relieve the tension upon his flesh his head lowered. Dude steps back
as the room erupts in applause. "Well Done...I am proud of you." Fx
Steps forward to place his arm around the young man. Now who will open
the bid for possession of this bloody mess I call a slave?" FX cocks a
Faustian eyebrow at the ladies in the room. Ek opened the bid,
$200...he would make a fine pony to pull me about ." "I have $200..who
will make it 3?" "I will ...he'd make a nice toy for my slave."
Skruffy laughed and looked at merci. The bidding became spirited after
that, each higher and higher, the remarks bring a flush to chucks
face. At long last the bidding Stopped..."and the lovely lady with the
Catheter fetish is the winner. DebiJean enjoy your new toy." FX bent
and hooked a chain into the fishing lines, leading chuck over to DJ.
"With an evil chuckle she took the chain and jerked him to kneel
before her. "Oh little slave did I tell you I don't particularly LIKE
men?'" chucks terrified face looked up only to be slapped hard. "I AM
Gonna LOVE Torturing you." Rabidchia looked at chuck in pity. 

"Glen where is Bruno?" Mary turned to face Glen as he sipped his
Brandy. "I had Tony put him in the library." "Well he should join the
party, Tony could you bring him in and a tray of snacks." With a nod
Tony left the room only to return with a silver platter piled with
meat and cheeses. Placing the tray down he left to return with the
leashed Dog. Brunos glistening black and tan fur, rippled on his
massive body as he walked. His cock and balls swaying heavily beneath
him. Massive muscles moved smoothly beneath the fur. Spotting his
Master he pulled Tony over as if he were not holding the leash. "SIT!"
Glens voice rang out in the room and the dog dropped to his haunches,
his mouth opening in a yawn that revealed the sharp white teeth in his
mouth. Karen's eyes took in the dog, and remembered the conversation
at the Pleasure Chest.
...nonononononononononono...they couldn't mean...no...she
...they...they can't force her...please nononononononononono anything
but that...anything. Her body shook in horror as her eyes were drawn
to the massive cock hanging beneath the dog. He would kill her, she
would kill herself, anything anything but... Mary and Tom watched the
play of fear on the girls face, everyone in the room seemed to be
holding their breath...

"BITCH BACK!" Karen refused for the first time in days, her body
frozen in fear. "BITCH BACK!" again the command came. Still she could
not move only stare in horror at the pinkish purple tip that peeked
from the furred sheath. Mary picked up a cattle prod and touched the
girls ass as she gave the command again. "BITCH BACK!" With a scream
of pain and fear the girl rolled to her back, her legs immediately
opening as they had been trained to do. "Bruno might be hungry Tony,
why don't you give him something to eat."

Tony grinned and picked up the platter of meat, spreading it on the
girls shaking quivering flesh, shoving some of it in her cunt. Bruno
watched his tongue lolling out of his mouth as he seemed to smile.

"Bruno...eat."




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			16. Roman Games

The dog did not hesitate but bound to his feet and snuffled at the
slices of Roast beef. Karen froze in place...her eyes closed in fear
as the broad cold nose wandered over her flesh.
nonononononono...please..Oh God..he's gonna take a bite out of me!!!
she could feel the dogs hot breath and hear the snap of his teeth as
he grabbed up the meats and gulped them down. She had seen how sharp
those teeth were and knew that the straps on the harness she wore were
no protection at all. Bruno licked his way down her body lapping up
the meat juices from the shaking girls skin. Mary knelt by Karen's
head and stroked her hair, calming the girl as the dog nosed closer
and closer to her painfully clamped open and meat stuffed cunt. His
tongue began to move the clitring as he followed the tantalizing scent
of rare meat, the roughness of it teasing over the clit. Karen buried
her face in Mary's thigh, fear mixing with shame at the arousal the
dogs tongue was engendering in her. pleassssssssse...no...what is
wrong with me.......nononono... Karen's mind raced in circles..she
feared the dog, the sharpness of his teeth, was repulsed by his touch
on her clit ..yet...she was beginning to respond, her clit swelling
under the long pink tongue lapping her clit and mons. 

Finally Bruno found the source of the tempting scent and shoved his
broad nose into the stuffed hole. Frustrated and unable to reach the
met with his teeth, he shoved his tongue deep inside, teasing it out
to where he could grab it. Karen's cunt clenched and throbbed as the
tongue reached higher and higher for each morsel. "Good bitch...easy
girl...that's it." Mary's voice was soft and gentle as she talked to
the girl, encouraging her. She knew that Karen had come to need the
praise as she served, the assurance that she was pleasing and still
wanted.  Bruno had finished the last of the meat but did not stop his
tonguing of the open cunt before him. Taking long slow swipes her
teased the sluts cunt into leaking its own sweet flavors.
Involuntarily Karen began to moan and move against the rough hot
tongue, it was the nicest thing that had happened to it outside of the
leash for days. Closer and closer she edged toward the orgasm she had
been denied all day. Her bodies denied needs urging her legs wider,
gouging into the tender insides of her cunt as she strained the strap
hooks. Mary's hands and voice urged her closer, controlling and
heightening the need building in the girl to cum. Every nerve, muscle
and desire in the girl was perched on the very edge of cumming when
the dog was pulled away by Glen at Mary's nod. With an animal scream
of need Karen's body thrashed on the floor...sooooooooooo
close...please..........soooo close.....NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!! "SIT
bitch..SIT." Karen fought with her body, with the overwhelming need to
cum and obeyed Toms command, her body screaming to her of its need,
her mind whirling in circles...please them, please them, do
anything...anything they want...please...anything to cum. Shaking her
body was forced by her mind into the sit position, her cunt gaping
open as she knelt her ass on her heels, a thin string of her passions
glistening in a thread to the floor. 

Each of the slaves in the room had watched as avidly as their
owners...their breath coming hot and heavy as Karen was forced to
kneel caught so deep in her need that it could be seen in every line
of her body. They looked at Bruno sitting next to his owner and
shuddered...beneath the dogs belly his cock was distended and swollen,
glistening with pre-cum. Bruno quivered as he watched the bitch that
was to be his tonight. Each of the slaves glanced at their owners in
fear...they would do anything, suffer anything willingly rather than
serve the 150 lb. dog. Most of the owners looked down at their slaves
and grinned. The smiles were not comforting at all.

"WHEW after that I could use a drink!" Skruffys words were seconded by
several others. With a laugh Tony opened up the bar and began to serve
each to their desire. Skruffy looked down at merci where she
knelt..."Hmmmm Now how can we top that little one. Ahhhhhh I have just
the thing...Tom, Mary can we use the playroom?" "Of course, shall we
everyone?" Mary led the way her slave crawling between her and Tom,
head down and body shaking. As they filed into the playroom Skruffy
looked around and spotted the perfect play area for what he had in
mind. On the north wall stood a St. Andrew cross. Dragging merci over
to it, he fastened her to the cross, neither feet nor hands touching
anything, held only by the straps across her wrists, ankles and belly.
He turned and handed a package to Tony who looked in it and placed it
in the autoclave. Locating a bucket he placed it on the floor between
the girls spread legs. Going over a glass fronted gun cabinet...he
chose his weapon. As he turned toward the trembling girl he revealed a
wicked looking Cat of 9 tails. With the heavy braided knotted rope
lashes depending nearly a foot from the polished brass handle it was a
weapon indeed to be feared. He walked up to the girl and raised the
COF9 to her parted lips. merci shook and kissed the whip that was to
flay her flesh. Tenderly Skruffy bent his head and gently licked and
kissed mercies nipples and cunt as if to say goodbye to them. With a
groan the girl rolled her head back in fear. 

Measuring his steps as he backed from the girl, Skruffy stood at the
edge of the Cats range, slowly he drew the cat behind him..mercies'
eyes following it, and then closing, she couldn't look...but she had
to and her eyes flew open just as the cat bit into her flesh with the
first stroke. NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
PLEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!.
Her body arched away from the cat and then forward in pain as the lash
cut across her tender breasts. SNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCCCCCCRACK.
Skruffy leaned into each blow placing it carefully.
SNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCCCCCCRACK,
SNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCCCCCCRACK, each crack of the cat raised
nine welts, the knots ripping into the tender skin. Backhanded he
wrapped it around her upper chest, forehand across mons and thighs, a
down stroke lashing the front of her writhing body to be followed by
an upward swing that entered her open cunt.
SNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCCCCCCRACK,
SNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCCCCCCRACK,
SNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCCCCCCRACK, each blow falling faster and
faster....until the girl was a writhing body of welts on the cross.
The sound of the cat seemed to go on forever, mercies' screams little
more than hoarse  evidence of the pain and fire in her flesh. Finally
he stopped. Drops of blood dripped from the Cat hanging in his hand.
Merci hung limp on the cross, trickles of blood following the welts in
her flesh to drip to the bucket below.

Going to the "medicine" cabinet, Skruffy chose carefully, coming back
with a bottle of oil in his hands. Gently he rubbed the wintergreen
oil and antiseptic into the wounds her had made with the cat.
Trembling with the strain of her position and pain, merci gratefully
smiled at him and then her eyes widened in terror as the wintergreen
began to freeze and burn her opened flesh. Soon she was writhing in
even more pain, unable to escape the insidious burn of the oil.
Skruffy smiled and stepping back nodded to Tony who brought him the
package from the autoclave on the medical cart.

"Bitch eat!" Karen did not hesitate but raced to Skruffy where he
stood and took his cock in her mouth, so heated was her flesh still
that she eagerly sucked and licked his hard organ. Skruffy smiled and
picked up one of the throwing knives from the cart beside him. He
focused on his target, the writhing girl on the St. Andrews cross..a
moan of pleasure escaping his chest as the slave beneath him teased
his cock towards cumming. Merci heard the sound of steel on steel and
barely opening her eyes shut in pain saw the gleaming knife in his
hard.......hoarsely her voice begged her Master not to. Her fear of
the knives adding to her anguish. Skruffy merely smiled and
aimed....THUNK!!!!! the first blade landed between her strapped arm
and her bouncing tit, nicking the side flesh of the breast.
AAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE....MAAASTER
PLEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAASE. His hips fucking into the slaves mouth halted
for a second as he let fly
again...NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPLEASSSSSSSSSSSE
again her breast was nicked as the second knife bracketed her other
tit. Still the wintergreen oil burned into her flesh making it
impossible for her to remain still, as knife after knife flew to nick
her flesh and embedded itself into the wall beside her. Soon the
screaming writhing slave was outlined by the blades..each precisely
placed to nick but not cut her flesh. Skruffy could feel his impending
orgasm.. Karen's mouth became frantic in her effort to please him.
Skruffy pulled his concentration together , carefully he took aim, his
hand trembling a little as his cock throbbed and began to surge.
Taking a deep breath and holding it, he let fly with the knife...merci
her eyes opening in fear at the delay was in time to see the blade
headed straight towards her....desperately she tried to make herself
as small as possible as the blade sheered between her legs parting her
cunt lips and sinking into the wall with a solid THUD. her scream as
the blade parted her cunt lips echoed through the room chilling the
slaves as they shook next to their owners. Skruffy groaned as the
insistent slaves mouth and the scream caressed his soul in pain and
pleasure and flooded the girls mouth with his cum. His eyes watched as
the fear and pain forced the only response left her burning bleeding
body from merci, her piss drained into the bucket beneath her. Eyes
rolling back in her head ...she fainted.

As he lifted the small slave into his arms, he was greeted by murmurs
of awe from his fellows sadists. Gently he treated her wounds and
allowed her to rest in the comfort of his care. Slowly it began to
dawn on the huddled slaves, this was not just any gathering of Sadists
for fun and games. Each was striving to out do the other in the use of
their slaves, the huddled slaves began to worry for their health and
safety. 

DebiJean looked down at the shaking slaves at her feet, rabidchia she
was sure would not fail her, but chuck her recent purchase was an
unknown. "Mary luv, you still have that operating room here? Like to
borrow it for a few." "DJ of course. Have you been practicing without
a license again." 'Honey after the quakes I've been seeing lately, I
can't do any worse." DJ's grin was expansive brightening up her face.
Rabidchia looked and then over at chuck with a look of sympathy. She
knew where her owners sympathies lay and it wasn't with men. Chuck
looked down at the fishhooks embedded in his skin and shook. She had
paid nearly a thousand dollars for his flesh....he prayed she didn't
want to re-coup her investment in one night. The mans face reflected
his terror as DebiJean smiled coldly at him. 

Within few minutes they had reassembled in the basement. Mary turned
on the overhead lights and smiled proudly at her "mini" operating
theater. Ordering chuck to lay on the gleaming steel operating table
she proceeded to strap him down, his legs sprawled over the sides and
secured. His head pointed to the bottom of the table. Satisfied with
his positioning, she looked around for a pair of snips. Mary handed
her a sharp pair of cast cutters, and she began to snip and remove the
fishhooks from the slaves skin. As she cut the ones out of his scrotum
chuck froze, afraid that she would neuter him. "Now where's that bird
slut?" Jessann heard the descriptive and blushing a deep red across
chest and face crawled over to the powerful woman. Looking down at the
flustered girl DebiJean grinned. "Get him hard pecker breath. Shake a
tail feather." Jessann looked up in confusion...how...her mouth was
still gagged with the beak. DebiJean helped her as she reluctantly
climbed onto the table and began to rub her slit along chucks cock.
The moans of anguish as the tortured flesh of his balls rubbed along
drew the crowd closer. "com'on seed beak...get him hard already, ain't
you good for nothing?" DebiJean turned to rabidchia, "Up here
slut...MOVE IT!" rabidchia struggled to get onto the table, DebiJean
lending her a hand, forcing it inside the girls cunt and lifting. With
efficient movements she maneuvered the girls head to the top of the
table and secured her so that her cunt pressed against chuck groin.
Jessann bumped and ground her hips finally feeling the tormented mans
cock begin to swell against her mons. DebiJean reached down and pulled
the catheter from rabidchias urethra. The fulsome slave screamed as it
felt like DJ was trying to pull start her.  Tears trickled down her
cheeks. "Stop whimpering pet, that was NOTHING compared to what's
gonna happen." Reaching beneath Jessanns grinding cunt she decided
that chuck was hard enough and pushed the peacock decorated girl to
the floor. 

Mary watched and could see what was to come....anticipating the next
request and having it ready on a movable tray beside DebiJean.
Gripping chucks hardened cock in her hand DJ bent in cruelly and
forced it into rabidchias cunt. "Since I haven't been able to break
you of your delight in male flesh I think I will give you all you
could want and more rabid." She looked about for a little help FX and
EvilKath Volunteering. They raised the girls legs and spread the wide
so that the cock and cunt fit together like puzzle pieces. DebiJean
picked up a suture from the table next to her. Spreading the already
pierced scrotum tightly around rabids labia she began to sew them
together. PLEASE MISSTRESS NOOOOOOOOOOOO,
ANYTHING...PLEASE..........STOOOOPPPPPPPPPPPPP MISTRESS!!!!!!!! I WILL
NEVER LOOK AT ANOTHER MAN NOOOOOOOOOOOOOPLEASE I WILL GIVE UP BUYING
SHOES....PLEASE MISTRESSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!! The girl strained
against the straps holding her and DJ's helpers brought all their
strength to bear to control her thrashing legs. Chucks screams of pain
reached in the high c's as he was stitched tight to the girl. DebiJean
took a last tuck at the top of rabidchias cunt, then reached for a
bottle of astringent antiseptic, pouring it over the raw sutured
flesh. the man and woman writhed as the liquid seared their flesh. As
the movements finally began to slow, DebiJean and the rest of the
sadists unstrapped them and helped them to the floor to kneel in pain
and terror. Checking her work she looked up at the crowd and stood
back to reveal to the avid hungry eyes and the terrified
slaves....rabidchia and chuck sutured groin to groin, the sweat
pouring off their bodies as they tried not to pull against each other.
"LADIES and GENTLEMEN I GIVE YOU.....THE LEGENDARY
PUSH-ME-PULL-YOU!!!!"

Applause filled the basement as rabidchia and chuckg tried to follow
the tugging of the leashes by their owner. 

Mary laughed in delight as she watched them struggle...."Lets relax
and enjoy this a minute...I'm gonna love watching them go upstairs
again....it is almost time for a little Dog and Pony show and I think
Bruno is getting impatient."




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

				17. Dog and Pony

Mary's bright words brought a shiver of fear to chuck and rabidchia.
Their loins sewn together and swollen were already placing them in
excruciating pain. Soft gasps and whimpers were drawn from them
whenever they attempted to move as it was, to climb back up those
stairs terrified them. How..she wouldn't...who would go first!!!! In
agony chuck and rabidchia looked up at their owner DebiJean. She
looked back at them with a wicked chuckle and flashed a cattle prod.
Up.

Tentatively they crawled toward the stairs rabidchia leading, chuck
backpedaling as fast as he could. Moaning in agony the two began to
maneuver their way upstairs, chuck bracing his feet on rabidchias
rounded ass. With amazing strength he raised up on his forearms trying
to stay level, tears dripping from his face as his sewn scrotum
stretched and pulled at his groin. Riser by riser her 6" heels gouging
into the strained flesh of his belly, they went up until rabidchia
collapsed at the head of the stairs, chuck desperately trying to
maintain his balance. PLLLLLLLLLLLLLEAAAAASSE...A LITTLLLE
MOOOOOOREEEEE...PLLLLLEEEASSSSSSSSSE...I CANT HOLD IT!!!! Desperately
chuck tried to move the full bodied slave, with a cry of pain
rabidchia heaved her body once more forward, her scream of anguish
mixing with his as he made the last ditch attempt to reach the top,
terror goading a superhuman effort out of them both in fear of
tumbling back down the stairs. DebiJean looked down at the two
agonized slave and reached out with the cattle prod applying it to the
tormented sewn flesh...."So Who told you to rest? Get back to the
living room." A trail of blood and wretched moans followed them down
the hallway. Each of the guests trailed in to see who would show off
their artistry next.

With a nod from Tom, Tony dragged Karen over forcing her to all fours.
Almost gently Mary clipped the electronic leash to the girls clitring.
Slowly she stroked the girl. Karen knew that something was up...but
could not figure out what until Glen had Bruno lay on the floor in
front of her. In a panic she broke her first rule looking up at Tom
and Mary. Mary's fingers were quick as she pressed the button and the
girl dropped to the floor to writhe in pain from the shock. Turning
the dial back down and allowing the girl to regain her senses Mary
began to tap on the button stimulating her clit. "Good girl...you can
do it...PRESENT Mouth " Karen immediately broke out in tears, her body
shaking in fear of the shock that would come if she did not obey. Mary
knew that this would be the first of the two tests and that it would
be the hardest, patiently she spoke again the command ringing out.
"PRESENT MOUTH" Karen desperately tried to turn toward Mary only to be
snatched around by the hair to face the dog. A short tap of the button
on high told her they would brook no more delays. "EAT BITCH." Shaking
with fear and disgust Karen brought her face closer to the dogs groin,
her stomach roiling as he lifted his leg. Bruno looked at the girl
with his mouth open, his tongue lolled out in what could only be a
grin of the canine kind. Mary and Tom resisted the urge to push the
girls head down, she would have to do this on her own. "Good girl
...that's a good bitch....you can do it...that's it...sweet bitch..."
Their voices urged her onward, the leash thrumming in her clit
reminding her of the pleasure she received when she performed well.
"EAT!" Karen weeping lowered her mouth to the dogs cock. She could not
yet bring herself to open it and take him in, but she could feel the
heat of his skin and smell the slightly musty dogginess of him.

Mary turned the power up as the girl placed her face at the dogs
groin. She could see the girls slit dripping and swelling in response,
the trembling in her flesh as she fought the training they had put her
through. "EAT!!!!" The command rang out and Karen her face and body a
deep read of shame, opened her mouth and licked the sheathed cock.
Bruno leaned back and looked at his Master with a grin. His cock began
to emerge from the sheath, pointed and a dark pinkish purple, veined
with white and blue. A drop of pre-cum glistened on the tip. Mary
flicked the power up to 6 and then back down as she goaded the girl
onwards. With a yelp of pain, shaking Karen took the dogs cock in her
mouth, the tangy salty taste of it coating her tongue. Slowly she
began to lick and suck on it, as her clit was teased at the highest
pleasure setting. She could feel all the eyes on her as she debased
herself fully. With tears running from her eyes she began to move her
mouth gently upon the cock. Bruno had other ideas though and began to
thrust upward, his cock swelling until it filled her mouth, the "knot"
locking behind her teeth. A scream issued from Karen's nose as her
mouth was possessed by the thickening, pulsing,  thrusting cock. Over
and over it thrust deep into her mouth swelling her throat as it
forced its way in. Mary kept the button down on the leash, pushing the
girls clit hard. Karen bucked her head backwards, trying to pull her
mouth off but finding that she could not open wide enough to clear the
knot tying her mouth to the dogs cock. Brunos upward thrusts became
faster as the hot mouth called his balls into releasing. Karen
screamed and swallowed as the dogs cock began to flood her mouth, the
bitter hot cum pumping it's way down her throat. The girl wept tears
of shame as Bruno barked his pleasure and the thrum of the leash
against her clitring pushed her over the edge into cumming. Finally
the last of his cum pumped down her throat and Karen tried to get
free. As the dogs cock deflated a little she was at last able to
release it from her mouth, her stomach heaving at the thought of what
was in it and what she had just done. I can't sink any lower...who
would ever want me knowing what I did...oh god...please...I just came
while eating a dogs cock...what is wrong with me.

Karen curled in on herself, she could feel the eyes of the other
slaves staring at her, and the heat from the Sadists in the room. She
began to wretch her stomach protesting the rough fare it had been
given of piss, cum and dogs spewing. Before she could relieve herself
of the mess, her head was jerked back by her hair and an inflated gag
forced between her jaws. "Good bitch ...lets keep that where it
belongs." her eyes looked up in misery, seeing the shame and pity on
the other slaves faces, and then dropped to stare at the floor. Each
face had held a look of horror that seared and branded her soul. Mary
sat down on the floor with the weeping slave and held her, stroking
and petting her...and Karen to her wonder began to feel pride in
having served so hard for Mary and Tom.

The silent group of sadists burst into cheers and applause...the slave
had performed well one of the hardest tasks...and they appreciated her
training. Tom crouched next to his wife and praised the terrified
slave, helping to sooth her. They just had to keep her...she was all
that they had searched for and more. They had never been able to force
a slave to perform to this point. If she passed the final test, she
would be theirs, she had to be. Psychologically she would never be
able to face the outside world knowing what she had done.

Everyone started at the sound of a flower pot being knocked over. Tony
moved swiftly to the patio doors and threw them open. With a bellow he
charged out into the early morning pre-dawn only to return shortly
with two screaming, fighting spitting women. One an Amerasian girl of
medium build was doing her best to emasculate him, the other was
struggling with his grip in her hair. Tom and FX moved swiftly to help
him with the intruders, pinning their arms behind them and cuffing
them. "I think we have found a few.....SAMs here Sir." Tripping the
Amerasian girl to the floor he quickly bound her feet to her cuffed
hands behind her leaving her hog tied to the floor. The other girl was
forced over one of the cast iron frames and secured.

"You let me the hell up...I'm calling the Cops you misbegotten
PERVERTS!!" Struggling on the floor the Amerasian became very colorful
in her description of Tony's ancestry. A signal from Glen brought
Bruno to his feet and snarling over the girl. "Good doggie...nice
doggie...uh...GULP." Her dark eyes wide she stared up at the gleaming
white teeth bared before her.

"Ok now who do we have here....pretty little things Sir...they might
be fun." Tony ran his hands over the oriental girl. Tom knew just how
much Tony enjoyed his playtime with the Orientals he had bought. The
girl locked in place with a glare that should have dropped the
temperature in the room 100 degrees. Tony only smiled and asked
Skruffy for a knife. With great deliberation her began to cut away the
crotch of the girls pants and then the shirt she was wearing revealing
the honey toned skin beneath. "You know we can't let you go....your
here one way or the other for life cunt. "The girls eyes narrowed as
she thought about spitting in his face then changed her mind as Bruno
growled. DebiJean walked over and looked down on the girl...."Nice
Slut you found...I do so LOVE to Torture SNOOPS." Tony began to trace
her light brown nipples with the point of the knife...."We can make
this easy or hard cunt. Nothing to us if you disappear...."

Mary walked over to the other bound girl and looked down at her.
Jerking her head up by her hair , she brought her face very close to
hers. "Who are you and what are you doing on my property. How much did
you see?" The girl reading her lips shook in terror, she had no way to
answer her. Her mouth dropped open and soft noises spilled from it,
her fingers moving rapidly in the cuffs behind her. "I ASKED YOU A
QUESTION SLUT!" "She can't talk...she can't even hear you....." the
Oriental girls voice whispered..not daring to anger the dog or the man
now probing at her cunt with the knife. Mary did not hear her and
reached around to grab the girls frantically flying fingers and twist
them.
"MARY...she's mute and Deaf...look at her fingers...thats Amerslan!"
FX's modulated voice carried in the room. Mary startled looked up and
at the fingers signing over and over, nothing I didn't see the girl
suck the dog...please...let me go.

Both girls froze in fear as Mary dropped the girls head and wondered
out loud...."I've never trained a mute before...wonder what she will
bring on the market." Each of the Sadists brought there slaves over
and paraded them in front of the intruders. A quiet came over the
girls as they saw the state that the slaves were in, rabidchia and
chuck sewn together at the crotch like perverted Siamese twins, merci
with her beautiful body welted and bloody from the cat and knife,
Karen on hands and knees her slit tied open and the evidence of the
overflow of dogs cum crusting at the side of her mouth.

The ponies were paraded past them, lizette bound so tight that her
shoulders were white, the cane marks on her thighs still livid,
lovelyldy, with nipples and cunt lips clamped in alligator clamps,
traces of blood still dry on her flesh, her mouth cruelly controlled
by EvilKath. The two bound girls shivered...they had only been
curious, they could see there was a party going on....they should
never have climbed the fence to literally gate crash...Dear God they
had fallen into hell and knew they would never escape.

"Almost time for the race...Gene shall we take them to the stables and
hitch them up?" "These girls should enjoy that show. I might buy that
oriental spitfire for a racing pony...she's got the legs for it." Gene
laughed at the expression on the girls face as he followed EvilKath.
Lizette and lovelyldy were led from the room and down to the stables.
EvilKath and Gene carefully chose their racing sulkies...fortunately
Mary and Tom had indulged in racing trotters in the past. Tony
apparently kept the equipment in excellent condition and the girls
were back into the traces. Each of the owners had their own style of
hitching. Gene led the belly rein down between lizettes legs, making
sure that the strap would rub her clit and cunt as she ran. Further
straps attached her to the shafts of the sulky, bearing the weight on
her aching bound arms and hips. Checking her bit and blinders he was
satisfied that the girl would stay on track guided by his touch on
reins and flanks, finally clamping her nipples with alligator clamps
and threading the reins down through them and over her shoulder to the
sulky.

EK grinned and backed lovely into the traces of the sulky she had
chosen. The smaller pony would have to bear as little as she could to
run this race. Forcing her to bend she attached ringed clamps to her
cunt lips, the toothed clamps biting into the tender labia. She knew
the girl would keep her legs open and step high in a trot to keep from
ripping her cunt lips open. Exchanging the curb bit for a driving
martingale she smiled as the pony groaned gratefully. She too led a
belly strap down between the girls legs, lacing it through the rings
and back to the sulky seat. Finally a belly band attached the girl to
the shafts of the sulky, and her hands were cuffed to the rings in it.
She would have use of her hands to draw the cart, making her a bit
more stable with her lighter weight.

Gene and EK discussed the course..from the house...around the estate
twice and then back to the house. Form was to count, if the pony broke
from the trot, or was not high stepping when reaching the house and
finish line, even if she came in first, she would be disqualified.
Each of the "ponies" heard this and whimpered...she knew that her
punishment for failure would be greater than anything she had ever
born. The owners led them from the stalls and up the slight incline to
the house. Each of the slaves nearly buckled as the empty sulkies
pulled reluctant to move on their bindings. They knew that this would
be the hardest race they had ever run. 

All of the guests had assembled outside for the start of the race, the
sun just beginning to peak over the horizon. The two captives lay
naked on the stone patio floor, they had been stripped while Gene and
EK were harnessing up. Lovely chomped down on the easier bit, taking
the rubber coated chain in her teeth. Lizette groaned as she felt the
weight of her owner settle into the sulky and raised her ass for the
tap. Lizette was lined up with her and EK climbed in the sulky
settling slightly. She leaned slightly into the traces and raised her
ass, prepared for the first step out and the resistance to come.

Gene and Ek watched Tony's hand as he held a handkerchief high and
then let it fall. Snapping the reins and belly straps they lashed out
with the drivers whips, slashing the girls asses. Both girls leaned
into the traces and stepped high their legs wide as they began to move
the heavy Sulkies onto the lawn. Again and again lizette threw her
weight against the inertia and the sulky began to move. EK kept up a
constant lashing of the girls ass as she began to pick up speed down
the incline and stepped high and fast to stay ahead of the cart.
Lizette leaped forward in her traces with a jerk..taking the weight on
her tits, waist and shoulders starting the cart as her legs rose and
fell. Genes whip lashed cunt and ass as she began down the
incline....the sulky bouncing along behind her as she pulled her
owner.

The guest watched as the sulkies turned and entered the first wooded
path by the high walls, the ponies being driven hard under the lashing
whips.

They were neck and neck...




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

		18. A Pony Race and Terrors Face

His whip flashing and slashing at Lizettes churning hips, Gene took an
early lead, pushing his straining pony hard to open up space between
them and Ek's bouncing sulky. His hands expertly guided the girl using
the bit and belly strap to edge her past roots and other debris that
might trip her up. Lizettes tired body pulled at the heavy sulky
bearing her Master, legs rising and falling as the strap chaffed
between her legs and the whips tip urged her faster. Her bare feet
were grateful for the soft loam and shredded bark beneath them. She
had already been run into the ground once during the night, and had
little rest and no sleep since. Now she had a race to run and knew
that the integrity of her flesh rode upon it.

EvilKath kept lovelyldy at a slow even trot, keeping her reined in
tightly. She knew that the smaller pony would run her heart out, but
did not want her to spend herself so early in the race. Lovely's eyes
stayed glued to the path and the sulky pulling away from her, other
than the dinner she had not been used hard that night and was
relatively fresh. She wanted to beat the other pony and make her
Mistress proud of her and could not understand why she was not being
allowed to. But still she obeyed the tight bit in her mouth and the
pulling control on her cunt lips and kept to the pace her Mistress
set. 

Looking behind him Gene saw the other sulky fall back finally
disappearing from sight. Gently he pulled his mare into a slower trot.
It would not be good to spend her strength this early in the race.
Lizette grateful groaned into the bit and steadied, she was already
happy that the race was taking place in the cooler dawn hours, and the
slower pace at least the first time around would conserve her
strength. She settled into the feel of the hands on her bit and the
familiar burn of the trace between her legs.

Back at the house Tony laid out a small repast for the guests....a
light breakfast that they could enjoy as they waited for the ponies to
come back into sight. Tom and Mary looked down at the intruders as
they snacked and contemplated their fate. "Tony?" Mary's voice called
him over...."You have worked for us for several years, always given us
the best of service, helped in training the merchandise for market,
and well..I think that This one" Mary's foot kicked into the Oriental
Girls ribs, "Should be our gift to you. When you tire of her pain, let
us know I am sure we can find a buyer for her...The profit of course
would be yours." The girl shook as she heard her fate and looked up at
the big man, taking in the cruel smile and the cold eyes. "Thank you
Miss, and Sir, I WILL enjoy her....hmmmmmmmmmm she should have a name,
can't have them both responding to cunt or bitch can we...how
about....." Tony thought for a minute and then grinned..."How about
NuBaby. She will be exactly that a New Babe to be trained as I like my
women" Tony reached down and sunk his fingers deep into the cringing
girls left tit, lifting her by it. The girl screamed as her tit flared
in inhuman pain, her bound body desperately trying to rise with the
tormented flesh. Tony smiled down at the girl and squeezed harder.

Mary walked over to the other girl and jerking her head up looked at
her...How to train a slut who could not hear or understand the
commands. This would be a challenge to her skills. Glen wandered over
and took a closer look at the girl. "I would definitely be interested
in purchasing this one when she is trained...She would make and
interesting toy for Bruno and me." The girls eyes watched his lips and
looked back and forth between Mary and him, then with dread at the
dog. Her fingers flew with fear laden speed as she tried to
communicate. Casually FX looked over..."Here let me translate for
you...I learned a bit when I did the Stage Production of Children of a
Lessor God." He watched the girls fingers and then signed for her to
slow down so he could understand her. "Ahh she says...Please not the
dog, I will never tell anyone what I have seen please let me go." He
signed back to her, a cold grin on his face, "You sacrificed your
freedom when you entered our domain...you will serve and suffer as we
chose." Tears began to run down the girls face.

DebiJean goaded her slaves over to the door as she heard the sounds of
the sulkies' approaching. "They're coming up the hill now." Everyone
rushed over to the patio to watch as the two ponies rounded into view.
Each was still picking her knees up high, but the sadists could see
what an effort was being made by the slaves as they strove to pull
their owners up the hill. Their hair limp already with sweat, chests
heaving each of the girls was keeping her legs extremely wide, the
straps had chaffed them badly. Lizette made it up the hill first, the
back of her thighs and her ass welted by the whip that had forced her
onward. Gene reigned her to a stop and took the cup of coffee offered
by  Mary. Lizette stood shaking, her labia swollen and dared not drop
to the ground to rest, she knew she would not rise. They could hear
her gasps for air as she stood waiting for the command to move out
again. As EvilKath forced lovely up the hill, Gene snapped his whip,
discarding the coffee. Lizette again bent into the traces and began to
move forward slowly. He flicked the whip up between her legs and with
a wail of pain she threw herself hard against the straps and the sulky
began to roll back down hill. Lovely drew abreast of the patio, her
ribs heaving and body soaked with sweat. Every muscle quivered as she
was slowed, her eyes watching as lizette pulled away. EvilKath pulled
back on the reins to halt her, but lovely was determined not to be
left behind and grabbing the bit in her mouth lunged forward, nearly
toppling her Mistress from the sulky. With ever increasing speed she
headed downhill, the fire in her eyes one of determination and
courage. EvilKath gave her her head, she could see the eagerness of
her slut for the race, and snapped the whip to urge her faster. This
time lovely would not be denied, she was exhausted and her legs felt
like lead, but she knew she was fresher than lizette. They rounded
onto the path with lovely merely 5 strides behind and gaining as they
went out of sight.

"Damn good filly EK has there, even half trained, she is going to be a
wonder." DebiJean looked down with speculation at rabidchia and chuck.
Rabid shuddered...pony training would mean giving up her shoes.....a
fate worse than death for her. chuck merely concentrated on his
dilemma, he was sewn to Rabid by his balls and worse could feel a
major problem rising. He needed to pee, and didn't know how he was
going to manage it.

Tony meanwhile had contemplated the writhing girl whose tit was still
gripped in his hand. She would need to be broken, and he thought he
knew just the first step to take toward it. Dragging her over to the
fireplace by her tit and hair, he dropped her to lay sobbing on the
floor while he built the fire up again. As the fresh wood began to pop
and flare in flames, he released her hands only to attach them to the
cuffs embedded in the stone. Her body was turned face first toward the
fire place and she could feel the heat rising. He pulled her legs
apart and fastened them to the hearths base. NuBaby could feel the
heat of the fire building up, singeing away the hair on her mons. Soon
the girl was screaming as the logs popped and sparked touching her
flesh in pain. Tony stood back to watch...he would not leave her not
wanting her to be badly burned, but he preferred his toys hot and in
pain. He walked up to the girl and pressed himself behind her, running
his hands over her body and toying with her heated cunt. "You are mine
to play with...and you will suffers soooooooo beautifully for me....I
am going to enjoy your torment slut." With her heart in her mouth the
slowly roasting girl gasped at him. "I can take anything you can give
and still spit in your face." Tony merely smiled and reached for a
piece of kindling, touching it to the fire he allowed the tip to grow
a bright coal before blowing out the flame..."Think So Slut?" He
touched the glowing coal to her ass flesh over and over as she
screamed in pain and fought the cuffs. He stepped back to admire his
handiwork, on her ass was branded the Japanese Kanji for "Slave". With
one thrust he buried himself deep into the blistered ass of the
screaming girl.

Torn between watching for the racing ponies and Tony's enjoyment of
his new torture toy, the guest milled in the doorway. DebiJean decided
she at least would be comfortable and sat down on her slaves, placing
her weight dead center where their asses met. Rabid and chuck screamed
in pain as their stitched flesh was stretched even further and chuck
bladder gave way in the waves of pain. Rabid screamed in anger and
pain as his piss flooded the inside of her cunt and burned its way
over the stitches as it leaked out. DebiJean nearly fell off the two
of them she was laughing so hard. Taking her cattle prod, she applied
it to the juncture and laughed as they screamed in pain desperately
trying not to rip their flesh apart or drop her. The sounds of
snapping whips alerted them that the ponies were headed into the back
stretch.

Each of the ponies was ready to drop in their traces, twice they had
to be circled at a trot to try and get them started up the incline.
Their drivers where laying into their flesh hard with the whip,
snapping it against thighs and ass, mons and calves to keep the girls
moving and their legs high. Lizette slipped on the damp grass and went
to her knees, Gene's whip slashing and snapping at the pony girl to
force her back to her feet.  She lost several strides to lovely as she
struggled back to her feet. Lovelyldy dashed in a jerking trot to keep
the sulky moving upward, her legs no longer felt they belonged to her,
the sides of her mouth were raw from the pulls on the reins, every
step was agony as EK slashed the whip between her legs over and over.
The little pony was nearly finished but her game heart kept her moving
painfully forward, legs moving in the classic trot. 

With a lunge lizette got the sulky moving again, every muscle
straining to catch up and pass the other pony. The blinders were no
longer necessary she could not see for the sweat dripping in her eyes.
Genes whip lashed again and again as he forced his pony to reach deep
and bring forth a last Herculean effort and draw even with lovelyldy.
At last they crested the rise, nothing but heart left in whether of
the ponies, their backs and asses were so welted they barely
registered the new ones. Neck and neck tit and tit they struggled
onwards, legs rising mechanically, brains and body numb as they fought
to come in a head of the other. 

With a final lunge they reached the finish line, FX recording the
moment with a Polaroid for posterity as the ponies collapsed where
they stood....both girls lay suspended in their traces, muscles
twitching in pain....eyes glazed as the sweat of their effort dripped
from their bodies. Climbing from the sulkies EK and Gene released
their ponies and stroked them...covering them with blankets and
forcing them to their blistered feet to walk and cool down. 

"WELL WHO WON!!!!!!!!!" DebiJean grabbed the developing picture from
FX's hands..."Damn...I Cant see! FUCKING THINGS ARE SO FUCKING SLOW!
Here it COMES...YES...YES!!!!"  She bounced up and down on the
screaming seat called rabid and chuck. "LOVELYLDY WINS BY A FLYING
TIT!!!!!"

lovelyldy smiled softly as she was led to the stables to rest in a
stall....thank god for over development.  Gene stroked his mare and
led her away to rest and heal, she had given everything to win, her
body so drained he nearly had to carry her. "You were a good pony
...very good...but you will be punished for losing...I am proud of you
though." Weeping lizette leaned on her Master ashamed that she had
lost to the other pony, but happy she had given everything she had for
her Master.

Mary called Bruno over...and looked at Karen...."One last thing before
we rest, bitch..."




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

				19. No Rest For the ...

Karen's stomach retched as she crawled over to her owner. She knew
that nothing she was ordered to do was going to be...pleasant, just as
she knew that she would have no choice in doing it. For the two weeks
that she would be here, she had already been shown that her desires,
fears, or limits were of no consequence. Already she had been beaten,
displayed, humiliated, forced to drink piss and eat dog food, to say
nothing of the dog himself. How could she ever face her co-workers
again, she could barely face the people in the room. 

Mary looked down at the gagged girl. She could see the misery in the
girls posture and her movements. She was nearly turned, nearly theirs,
she would be unable to go back to her life of work and single meals,
soon. One more push should do it, should break her, and reveal to her
the slave that she is and needs to be.

The other guest tired and ready for naps felt the tension between
Sadist and slave. The room seemed to hum in vibration as Mary began to
work the girl. Her hand probed between the cunt lips hooked painfully
open, teasing and stroking the girls clit. Her voice caressed her
ears, slowly pulling the girls mind in with modulated tones. "Such a
good bitch..so good, only one more thing to do and then you can
rest...That's my baby, good slut...yesss I can feel your need, your
heat and soon so soon you will be satisfied." Carefully Mary teased
the girls loins into need, her voice drawing her deeper into slavery.
Gently her voice ensnared her mind and relaxed her. "Present Ass." So
good did the touch feel on her clit, her body tired and aching, her
mind fuzzy with fatigue that Karen responded to the command without
hesitation, her ass rising higher. Mary began to tease her clit with
the leash and smiled as Karen's hips began to fuck the air showing
their need.

Bruno watched and licked his chops, his body quivering in
anticipation. Glen pulled the hair of his chosen mate for his dog
upwards so that she could watch what would soon be happening to her,
see the stud she would soon serve as a bitch in action. A snap of his
fingers and a gesture sent Bruno over to Karen and Mary. Mary moved
her hand so that Bruno could have fuller access, but kept up the
stimulation of the girls clit with the leash. Eagerly Bruno began to
lick the girls slit, his tongue taking long slow swipes mixed with
quicker ones, delving deep into the pussy before him. Karen began to
moan with the ache and need rising in her cunt. "Up Bruno!" The dog
took a last swipe and rose placing his front paws on the girls back.
Bruno....nonononononon...please...not the dog.please...anything
else...anyone..., Karen's heart sank her eyes closed in fear and
shame. "Good Girl...steady ...that's a good bitch...yesss...so
good...you need a hot cock...it has been a long night and you need
that cock...that's a good girl...good bitch..." Mary stepped up the
power on the leash a notch. Karen was caught between rock and hard
cock...she was sooo horny...so tired..and could not understand why she
needed so much to please Tom and Mary...or why mixed with the fear and
shame she felt a thrill exciting her. "Present Ass." The command came
again, Karen felt the first throb of her clit rising to the urge to
cum as she raised her ass a little higher. "Put him in your ass
bitch...that's it, reach back...com'on bitch...that's it, you know you
need it, you need to be fucked and a cocks a cock." Karen's hand shook
as she reached back and touched the furred sheath, feeling the heat
coming off it. her mouth gagged she could only think and pray Mary
would read her thoughts. please Mistress no, please don't force this
on me, please....anything anything else you want...brand me...cripple
me...anything but these...oh good it feels so big in my hand. 

Bruno was patient, he had been trained well and knew that the bitches
he preferred were slow to service him at first. Like all new bitches
in heat they could play coy. He slid his forelegs further up on her
body and bent his head to lick the back of her neck and shoulders. He
could smell the heat in this one and the fear. Mary stepped the leash
controls up to 5 and began to tap the button. Karen knew that if she
did not obey, the strong pleasurable throb could quickly turn to
agonizing pain. With a whimper she placed the dog at the asshole that
had been abused so hard all week, her eyes closing in terror as she
did so. "Fuck Bruno!" The command came from his Master but Bruno
needed no urging. At the first touch of the flesh against his dick he
shoved, his forepaws dropping and gripping the girls waist. Powerful
thigh muscles slapped his cock into the flesh, forcing it deeper and
harder into her ass. Finally it sank into the hilt, the furred sheath
drawn all the way back and his knot forcing its way pass the anus to
settle behind the muscle. Karen's mind retreated as her cunt blazed in
need and her ass burned under the thrusts...her head touching the
floor as her ass was pulled by the dogs paws into his cock. Mary kept
the button depressed she wanted the girl to cum as the dog fucked her
ass, she had to cum if she was to tip over the edge and become the
slave they wanted. Faster and faster the dog rammed himself into the
moaning girl as she began to fuck back on him, her loins taking over
where her mind could not. A dozen more rapier thrust as Bruno tied,
and began to flood her ass with his hot canine seed was all it took.
Bruno heaved upwards and turned around, tied with the bitch, his cock
bent backwards and twisting in her ass, pulling the flesh and
tormenting it. Karen's cunt slid over the edge and she began to cum.
Over and over her throbbing cunt matched the bursts of cum flushing
deep in her ass. 

Glen forced the mute girl to watch as her soon to be lover fucked
another girl to cumming. She tried to close her eyes against the
sight, only to have him force them open by twisting her nipples
between his powerful fingers. Terrified the girl watched as Bruno
leaned away from Karen's ass, pulling at the insides with his knot.
She watched as the girl writhed in pain, trying to escape the hard
stiff bone of the dogs cock after she had cum, and strangely she
understood that this was going to be her life. Glen smiled down as he
saw the realization in the girls face and ran his hand between her
spread leg. What he found there caused him the smile and nod his
head...he had chosen well in a mate for his beloved Bruno...she was
dripping wet.

Finally Bruno with a groan and a muffled scream from Karen pulled from
the tight hot ass. Walking over to his Master, his tail wagging, he
lay down and began to lick his cock clean. "Bruno." the dog looked up,
"Meet your bitch boy...we will call her Brandy...Brandy and
Bruno..this one is for you." Yawning Bruno stood up and sniffed the
girls face then wandered around her sniffing. His cold nose plowed
it's way between the trembling girls cunt lips and licked the moisture
there. He looked up at his Master. "Good Boy, yes she's your toy." At
the word toy Brunos ears flicked forward...and his tongue lolled out
of his mouth. It was as if he understood that this was his bitch. With
grace belying his size he slid his large body under the frame holding
the girl, the stiff hairs of his back brushing against her cunt, and
lay down. He would take possession of her after he rested, for now he
was content to reach up and lick her swinging breasts. Slow tears ran
down Brandy's face.

Karen huddled small and shamed on the floor. Mary and Tom sat next to
her and stroked the poor toy. Their voices soft, caressing her and
easing her soul pain. Gently they released her tormented flesh from
the harness...and inserted a plug to keep the cum within her flesh.
Karen lay there, unmoving, her eyes on distant things. I can never go
back...I can't face my co-workers..they would see it in me...oh
god...what do I do now, where can I go, no one will have me....,
silent tears dripped from her face....I'm going to be sent from here
soon, even they don't and can't want me after that CAME...I fucking
came as a dog raped my ass....please.......where..what.., slowly Tom
and Mary's voices penetrated her cloud of misery.

"Good girl, so good, such a beautiful slave...," Toms voice mingled
with Mary's, "Oh sweet little bitch we are never going to let you go,
you are ours, so good, such a pet, a treat to train.." Their hands
stroked and played with her flesh...and she found a strange comfort in
it. She began to know where she belonged.

Gene and EK wandered down to the stable to check on their ponies.
Opening the stalls they found them as they left them, bedded down in
the hay. Lizette looked up miserable as her Master entered. Gene
released the single glove harnessing her arms tight to her back and
rubbed the blood back into them as she screamed in pain. He licked his
lips when the peals of pain poured forth as he removed her clit and
nipple clamps. Stepping from the stall he picked up the water hose and
re-entered after turning it on. Pulling on her bit he forced her to
her blistered feet and hooked the reins high on a hook so that she had
to stand on her toes. Pressing down on the nozzle he began to bath his
pony with the cold water Running it over her welts and then pulling
the tail from her ass washed cunt and ass with it as well. Lizette was
too exhausted to fight, her flesh shivering as it was washed out.
Without warning he dropped the hose and plunged his cock into her ass
forcing his way in and began to fuck her. His thrusts pushed her
against the rough board and yanked the bit in her mouth as the hooked
reins were pulled. She screamed over and over as the rough boards
abraded her swollen torn nipples and his flesh scrapped against the
livid welts on her ass and back. Finishing but leaving her teetering
on the edge, he roughly shoved the tail back in place to hold his cum
inside her. Lizette wept bitter tears as he knelt to hobble her
chaining her feet to her hands behind her. Finally he left for a few
minutes to return with her feed bag, placing it over her head after
removing the bit. Lizettes heart sank as she began to eat, finding
only cold unsweetened oatmeal instead of her usual fare of honeyed and
buttered oatmeal with beef in it. She could feel his anger at her
falling and losing the race, and knew that that anger would not soon
disappear.

As she ate she could heard EK in the other stall caring for her pony,
praising her and the soft sound of a vibrator as she rewarded her mare
for her efforts. Gene began to rub a liniment into her wounds to heal
them, and treated the blisters on her feet as she ate. Finally
deciding she had eaten enough he removed the feed bag and watered her.
Pinching her nose he forced a ball gag into her mouth and blindfolded
he...finally attaching her hobbles to the hook on the wall above her
with a chain. She would rest on her belly her arms and legs pulled up
behind her until he was ready to release her. Tossing a blanket over
her...he left the stall. Ek was just leaving her pony to rest as well,
lovely laying bound on her side, her belly full and a glow from having
cum upon her flesh. The bridle had been removed and replaced with a
full head hood and she was chained to a hook by the ring in it. She
would not wander off, and would be forced to rest.

As the two existed the stables lizette could hear her Masters
voice...."Double or nothing on a 2 mile flat?"

Back at the house some of the guests were preparing to rest a bit
themselves. Tony took them to their guest rooms and their slaves were
forced to follow and be bound so that their owners could relax.
DebiJean had elected to torment her slaves a bit more and led them to
the play room where she forced rabidchia to kneel up and placed her
head and hands into a low pair of stocks. Not low enough for her to
kneel nor high enough for her to stand she ended up pulling at chucks
groin, her body forced in her 6" heel into a 45 degree slant. Forcing
chucks head to the floor, she attached him to rings embedded in it
making his weight pull on the sewn flesh. Satisfied that they would
remain in place and in pain, DebiJean retired for a nap.

Tom and Mary carried Karen to bed with them, chaining her aching body
to the 4 posters and laying down to curl around her. She emotionally
and physically drained nodded off to sleep before they even entered
the bed. They looked at each other over the girls sleeping body and
smiled, she had made the big step today, and everything else was going
to be easy. Already her body responded to the pain and humiliation,
heating and cumming from it. Soon she would be begging to stay, the
addiction to the pain and pleasure to great for her to leave. They had
found the slave they had looked for so long. So many had fallen short
and had to be sold.

Skruffy carried his slave merci to the playroom, she needed to rest
and heal before they played again later. Carefully he strapped her cut
and welted body to the rack and stretched her. When he was satisfied
with the tension he treated her cuts once more and then covered her
with a light blanket. The drained girl moaned softly as his hands
kneaded and treated her flesh and drifted into a dreamless sleep.

Glen pointed to the deaf girl..."Bruno Guard" as he left the room.
Bruno smiled and barked, then stood up and examined the frame bound
girl again. She shuddered as his nose exploded her flesh possessively,
poking it into her ass and cunt and then licking her mouth. Finally he
sat down before her, and if a dog could be said to leer then that was
the expression on his black and tan face. With a soft sob, her eyes
were drawn to the large black sheathed cock peeking pinkly out at her.
She had already watched as the dog had raped a slave, and had a
sinking suspicion that she would know him all to well in the near
future.

FX and Dude retired to their room, FX claiming the bed as was his
right and allowing Dude to choose where he would sleep. Stripping down
the young man settled on a thick Persian rug and began to snore
lightly. FX smiled and turned over....very soon, he would remind Dude
of his place.

The house fell peaceful for the first time in almost 18 hours. Each
Sadist drifting off to sleep and planing the coming evenings games.
Tony finally released NuBaby from the dying fireplace and dropped her
scorched and branded body to the floor. The girl was barely conscious
The long period of heat and suspension having sapped her strength.
Tony sank his hand into her hair and dragged her to his room. A sweet
song of soaring screams sang the Sadists to slumber.....




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			20. In The Lair of The Beast

Tony smiled softly to himself...he was going to enjoy using this cunt
for his own toy. She would learn quickly that his word was law, her
life was his, and her pain, his pleasure. He took great delight in
carrying her near unconscious form to his room, she would wake up soon
and her screams would lull him to sleep.

NuBaby tried hard to rally her toasted, raped and branded body...she
knew that she had only moments in which to try and effect an escape.
If she could get clear, then she could send the police back for the
newly named Brandy and to rescue to other slaves.
She felt Tony shift her weight as he took out the key to unlock his
room then screamed as he noted the tensing of her muscles and sank his
free hand into her cunt gripping the mound painfully. "Your mine slut,
give it up, you ain't going nowhere." He opened the door and entering
locked it behind him. Nu had only a moment to glance around as he
turned on the light. What she saw made her eyes widen in fear. Things
that she had never seen before in her life and medical tools familiar
to her were strewn haphazardly over the dresser top. What looked
suspiciously like blood stains decorated the floor by the bed, rusty
iron manacles bolted into the floor there. Tony grinned as he spun her
about, giving her mere seconds to see where she would spend many
tormentous days and nights and then walked over to a heavy iron stool.
Despite her struggles he bent her backwards over the stool, cuffing
her hands and feet to the braces. With her feet chained to the braces
under her head and her wrists cuffed to the ones under her knees, her
body was bent in a full curve and spread open to him. He could reach
his favorite areas of torment. Nu screamed as her branded ass was
forced down on the cold iron seat. Her head hung helplessly down and
strive as she might she could barely raise it. Tony looked at the
sweet quim spread open before his eyes...so soft and tender, the root
of her sexuality and soon to be the seat of her agony.

Almost reverently he stroked his fingers over the soft straight silken
hair. His touch so light she barely felt it, then in a lightening
strike, he slammed his full palm down upon her open labia. Nu screamed
in pain and fear as her cunt burned from the blow. "Sureibu!" Tony
spat at her..."Sureibu!" Nu searched her mind desperately, it had been
a long time since her grandmother had spoken any Japanese to her.
slave...he's calling me a slave! "Motherfucker...you let me up from
here, I'll claw your eyes out and feed them to your through your
cock!!" Tony's responding laugh made her soul shiver. Casually Tony
looked around the room...where to start...ahhhhhhhh yes.

Going over to his closet he pulled out a small white box and a hot
plate. Placing the hot plate on the dresser and plugging it in, he
looked about for a suitable container to heat on it. An evil chuckle
curled over her ears as he found a small steel bowl, filled the bottom
with water and dumped the contents of the box into it. As he waited
for the water to come to a boil, he ran his fingers over her mons and
into her cunt. Nu struggled as he treated her gaping mons as little
more than a fidget toy on a desk. Watching as the steam began to rise
from the bowl Tony casually strolled over and removed it from the heat
with a towel. Taking up a pair of needle nosed pliers he set the bowl
on the floor between the girls spread legs and smiled at his toy. "Now
this may hurt a bit, but don't worry it will always get worse." Nu's
head thrashed as she tried to free herself and see what he was doing
at the same time. She didn't have long to wait. Fishing one of the 2"
needles from the boiling water her gripped her left labia and inserted
the heated needle slowly, savoring her screams. Time and again he
forced the heated needles into the girls cunt lips, some he placed
horizontal, others vertical. Each time the water cooled he heated it
again, finally he was satisfied, Nu's cunt resembled a porcupines
back, the needles glistening in the bloodied flesh. Drops of blood
spattered the floor beneath her. The final needle he placed oh soooo
gently and slowly through the shaft of her clit. The girls screams had
nearly ripped her throat open, tears ran into her hair. Tony shuddered
lightly and then brushed his hand over the embedded needles, his other
hand pressing against his throbbing cock. Nu's mind sought the peace
of unconsciousness, but even that blessing was denied her as he
twisted her clit with the needle. Nu wept and prayed that he would be
finished torturing her cunt...she was only half on the money. Opening
a drawer in his desk, Tony removed a box of small paper binder clips
and walked back to the tormented girl. With a slow hand he placed the
clips on her tit meat, each clip biting into the flesh. Involuntarily
Nu jerked as the clips tormented the tender flesh and started the
needles waving in her cunt. Her screams would have awaken the dead,
but only made the sadists sleeping in the house smile in their dreams.
Little of her pert breasts could be seen for the black of the clips
when he finished. 

Picking up a pillow from the bed Tony placed it almost gently over the
needles in her cunt. Nu shook her head...please god...don't let him
hurt me any
more...NOoooooooooooooooooooooooOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOooo was all
she could manage as he forced his cock between her ass cheeks and with
one thrust buried himself to the hilt, his dry entrance nearly as
painful as the pressure of his belly on the pillowed pierced cunt.
Over and over he thrust, his cock throbbing in time to the girls
screams as he ground the pillow down hard on the needles. Nu could
feel them grinding into her pubic bone, the flesh of her cunt
macerated by the steel needles...as he made one final lunge Tony began
to flood her ass with his cum. Nu could not feel it, the pain and fear
had taken its toll and she passed out.

With a last slap across the clipped tits, Tony insured that the girl
was out, and lay upon his bed. A smile decorated his face as he
drifted off to sleep...this one he would make last...a long time.

Glen was awakened by Brunos shovel nose. The dog danced back and forth
between the door and his reclining form. Sleepily he roused and let
the dog out, then looked over at the barely resting deaf mute.
Training her would be a challenge...but...he had a few tricks up his
sleeve as did Mary he knew. But since he was awake why not start now.
He left the room and returned shortly with a few items from his car.
Brandy began to shake when she saw the collar in his hand...it was a
dogs spiked training collar, the spikes turned inward to get the dogs
attention. Deftly he slipped it around her neck and removed a few of
the links. It had been Brunos and needless to say was way too large
for the girl, originally. Clipping a chain leash to it, he let the
chain dangle to the floor as he uncuffed her. Brandy was too
frightened to do more than ease the pain from her shoulders as he
lifted her from the heavy frame and picked up the leash. placing her
on her knees he snapped his fingers in front of her face and stepped
toward the patio doors. Brandy began to scramble to her feet only to
have his foot sweep out and drop her, kicking her legs out from under
her. Again he snapped his fingers in front of her face and jerked the
leash pulling the girl to his left side. Brandy confused did not move,
looking at him, until he grabbed the cattle prod left on the table
from the night before and touched it to her cunt. Her screams were
formless but still able to fill the room as her body went rigid then
convulsed under the touch. Glen watched and when she seemed to regain
some control of her body, jerked the chain and snapped his fingers at
her. Brandy crawled painfully to kneel next to him and followed as
quickly as she could when he stepped out again. Brandy was painfully
aware of her bladders full state as she crawled behind him to the
left. She was grateful when Glen stopped on the lawn near a tree.
Pulling up on the leash he held his palm in front of her and angled it
down. Again Brandy shook her head, she did not understand what he
wanted. With a jerk of the chain that had her gasping from the spikes
pressing on her throat, he pressed down on her naked ass. Again he
made the gesture and jerked the leash. Looking up, her face flushed
with embarrassment Brandy sat on command. Bruno wandered over
curiously and sniffed at her face then licked it.

Glen wondered what gestures he could use to indicate the parts she
should present, then smiled. He did not want Bruno to have to maul the
slave to get what he needed and wanted. He would think on it, but
Bruno should have a chance to get acquainted with his new mate and now
was as good a time as any. Plus he wanted her to know that there was
no escape for her. Unleashing her, he walked away, telling Bruno to
"Runaway". The girl watched as he wandered into the house  then looked
at the dog. Bruno meandered over to inspect and water a tree. He knew
this game well and enjoyed playing it.

When the dog seemed to be fully occupied with a scent, Brandy inched
toward the bushes and prepared to make a run for it. Bruno kept an eye
on her and allowed her to make it to the bushes. Brandy froze and
checked to make sure that she had not been seen and the dog was busy
then leaped to her feet and ran for all she was worth. She could not
hear the deep baying bark behind her or the crash of Brunos body
through the brush. But she was smart and ran a zigzag course. Her
heart in her throat she prayed that she would make it to the wall and
over it, she did not care that she was naked, or collared, only that
she find some help for herself and her friend. Bruno hung back just a
little. He could have easily overtaken the girl, but enjoyed the
chase. finally Brandy reached the wall and leaped for it, her fingers
and feet clawing for purchase when the wind was knock from her body
and she fell. Bruno clenched his teeth gently on the back of the girls
neck, then backed up a step, releasing her. Sobbing Brandy crawled to
her knees slowly, only to have Bruno rear up and grip her loins with
his forepaws. His cock stabbed over and over at the girls nether
regions until finally he plunged deep into her cunt. Brandy's formless
wails wept in counterpoint to the dogs thrusts. His hot breath and
drool soaked down on her back. Deep into her cunt the dogs heavy hard
boned cock plunged, shifting and pummeling the tender flesh until he
tied. Brunos eye lids dropped as his cum raced into the girls cunt.
Finally there was only the tie to break, but Bruno  had been trained
well in this game. His body twisted until he was ass to ass with the
girl and he began to lean and pull. Brandy felt as if her cunt was
being wrenched from her body, to ease the pain she backed up. Bruno
pulled again and again she backed up. Slowly he forced her away from
the wall by her cunt and back up toward the house. When she slowed or
resisted the gentle pull, he nipped at her ass and flanks then pulled
again. 

Brandy was backed from the wooded area back onto the lawn by her cunt.
Two pairs of legs surrounded her tear soaked face as the leash was
snapped back onto her collar. The leashed was jerked and her head
lifted by the hair to face Glen and FX. "Enjoy your wedding ceremony
bitch?" Fx signed at her. Brandy could feel the pain ease as Brunos
cock pulled from her cunt with a pop that was felt if not heard by
her. She could feel Brunos tongue laving her cunt and shuddered. FX
continued to sign to her as Glen asked him to convey a few messages.

"You belong to Bruno, you are his bitch, you will sleep with him, eat
the food he leaves, and mate with him as he desires. You are less than
a dog. There is no escape, you will be trained. You will never use a
fork again, nor a bathroom, rain or shine you will shit and piss on a
leash in the yard. When Bruno has no use for you, you will serve me in
pain. The only thing that you can be grateful for is that I will not
have to teach you not to speak. Watch my hands at all times...they
will give you your commands. If I ever find you off your hands and
knees I will amputate your legs at the knees. Do you understand
bitch?" FX stopped translating for Glen as the girl wept silent bitter
tears.  Slowly, pulling her hair in his grasp she nodded, her mind
casting about in shame and pain as she felt the dogs cum running down
her legs and knew that this was to be her fate. She had sealed it,
when she had taken the dare to crash the party. Glen jerked on the
chain and turned her around to see all of the guest standing in the
doorway, they had seen her pain and surrender. Head bowed she
responded to the jerk of the spiked collar against her neck and the
snap of the fingers and followed her Master and mate into the house.
Silence was for once golden...she could not hear the remarks and the
clapping as she entered.

Tony had risen a bit earlier than the guest, and prepared a light
supper. After hosing down and refluffing Jessann he set her as the
centerpiece for the cold buffet. Her body was stretched in the center
of the long table, the peacocks tail rising over her back. The girl
shook and wept as the thick hot BBQ sauce slathered on her mons and
skin burned. Set between her legs were dozens of roast chickens, the
pieces cut for dipping. around her trembling body were set plates of
vegetables and cold cuts and she lay on a bed of lettuce. The beak gag
had been removed but she would remain silent, forced into her mouth
and filling it was a large wedge of cheese, too big for the girl to
bite into. 
Her eyes closed in humiliation as the guests filled their plate, some
slicing a bit of cheese to go with their repast, the blade of the
knife coming closer and closer to her face. 

Tony had not forgotten his new pet, though all attending had a feeling
she wished he had. She crawled from the kitchen each movement agony,
Tony slashing a crop across her back and thighs to keep her moving. He
had tied each of her agonized breasts with wire, turning the sweet
cones into tight balls of pain and then led the wire over her
shoulders to her thighs. Each time she moved her legs she jerked her
tits tight. Her jaws had been forced open and a wire brace soldered in
place that held them wider than she had ever been able to open for the
dentist. No matter what he did to her flesh now she would be able to
scream, but no longer talk. Across her kidneys had been hung saddle
bags, each containing 5 lbs. of crushed ice and a bottle of wine. To
several of the needles embedded in her cunt were tied bits of cotton,
she had been told that if she did not serve the guests quickly they
would be lit to fire her ass up.

Brandy looked up as her friend crawled into the room and made her way
around it. She could not even offer Nu a word of comfort, and hung her
head in shame as Nu saw the dogs cum dried on her cunt and thighs, she
had not been allowed to wash, but had to bear it as a badge of her
status.

Mary and Tom strolled in to partake of a snack with Karen crawling
between them. At first glance she seemed to be free of most of her
fetters save the leash and rings. On second glance it could be seen
that the girl kept her legs wide apart and bit her lip at each
movement. Her belly was distended beneath her making her look almost 3
months pregnant. Her body glistened with sweat. She had borne the
freezing cold water and ice in her bowels for 20 minutes already. She
knew that if she did not perform as her Owners demanded, she would
suffer even more. Tom jerked the clit ring and ordered her to her
back. With a groan of intense pain from the cramping, Karen obeyed her
belly sloshing audibly as she complied. Mary looked down at the girls
pained face..."Mouth open cunt." Shaking Karen opened her mouth wide
and Mary forced a rubber tube down her throat and 
capped it with a funnel. Gagging the girl fought to swallow the tube,
and finally succeeded. Her cunt grew wet as the knowledge that she
would be used in someway began to excite her. "Tony if you would be so
kind as to bring Karen's supper, she can begin eating." Tony bowed
slightly and with a slash of the crop that nearly sent Nu to her belly
ripping her tits entered the kitchen to return moments later with a
steel bowl and spoon. It had been prepared in advance and Tony had
warmed it in the microwave before bringing it out. Karen could smell
the redolent mixture of her dog food, piss, cum, oatmeal and other
scrapings from the kitchen. Mary sat down next to her slave and began
to force the pureed mix through the funnel and into her belly. Karen
clenched her fists, holding herself in place voluntarily as the
nauseous mixture was force fed into her belly. Slowly her hips began
to grind as she gave into the desperate hunger her slavery was
bringing her. As Mary pressed the last spoonfuls down her throat tube
and Tom washed it down with his piss...she came to her owners
simultaneous command." Cum bitch"




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			21. End of A Weekend

Karen wept as she came, her belly so swollen from the food stuffed
into it and in pain from the ice water locked in her ass. As the
tremors eased in the girls body Mary and Tom forced her to roll over
to her knees. They left the funnel and the tube inserted in her mouth
and led her from the dining room. With slaps of her quirt DebiJean
forced her slaves through the floor and down the hall to the play
room. 

Mary examined the sewn slaves...checking the swollen inflamed tissues
and smiled up at DJ, nodding. Grinning DJ looked around and Mary
directed her to a small cabinet on the far wall. Selecting her tool
from it DJ approached the tormented slaves and leaned over.  Mary
picked up a cattle prod and stood ready with it poised over the sewn
flesh. "Now this is gonna hurt you more than it hurts me Luvvies."
With that statement DebiJean leaned over and cut the sutures. Using a
pair of pliers she leaned all of her weight into the pull as she
unZIPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPed the sutures from their flesh.
Mary simultaneously touched the cattle prod to the inflamed flesh
propelling rabidchia and chuck in a leap away from each other. Both
slaves crashed to the ground yanking the pliers from DebiJean grip.
The sutures were only half pulled as they tore frantically at their
groins with their thrashing. Their screams filled the room as the
floor spotted with blood. Forcing them back to their knees DebiJean
repeated the action, her body shuddering as she came to the music of
their pain.

Mary knelt to examine the torn and swollen slave flesh. Swabbing first
rabidchias inflamed mons and then turning to heft chucks enlarged
balls, with alcohol and disinfectant. A slave should never lose a part
until the Owner so decides. The pain of the alcohol and disinfectant
nearly sent them rocketing across the room in pain, only to halt them
selves as DJ waved the cattle prod at them. Chucks scrotum was swollen
to nearly the size of a baseball and the thin flesh was taut with the
fluids gathered within. DebiJean looked down at the miserable slave
and smiled..."You deserve a reward chuck, you managed to survive your
1st day in my care. Fuck her." Rabidchia looked up in terror, her cunt
was already inflamed and excruciating from the 24 hours sewn and
pulled, she knew that there was no way she would enjoy being touched,
much less fucked. "ON YOUR KNEES SLUT." the girl shook her head no in
terror. "ON YOUR KNEES CUNT!!!" DebiJean touched the cattle prod to
rabidchias clit and the girl screamed in agony scrambling quickly to
her knees as her body regained control of itself. Carefully she spread
her legs seeking to cause the least amount of pain to herself
possible. Chuck looked down at his recently hooked and sewn cock and
balls and shuddered...his manhood was nearly ruined...How could he
possibly get it up much less fuck. Mary had taken that into
consideration. With a large grin she tossed an electrical anal probe
to DJ. DJ grinned as she forced chuck to bend over, her finger and the
probe entering his ass to touch against the prostrate gland. Chuck
moaned with the insertion and then looked at the macerated cunt in
front of him. He did not want to cause rabidchia or himself anymore
pain, but the choice was not his. He began to grind his limp cock
against her cunt lips at his Mistresses command. "Please Mistress...I
will never look at another man...I promise Mistress...I hate
cocks...please let me eat your pussy instead...anything Mistress don't
let him....aahhhhhHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHGGGGGGGGGGGGGG"
chuck had achieved enough of an erection to force his way through the
swollen shut lips and plunged back into the hole he had spent the last
night and day attached to. 

Mary walked over to the Gun cabinet and selected a whippy crop,
returning to lash chucks ass and thighs with it. His screams of pain
as the crop forced him to bounce his lacerated cock and balls against
his sister slaves cunt matched hers in chorus and pitch. Relentlessly
he was cropped into fucking the girl, not tenderly but with brutality
that tormented them both. DJ began to shock and stimulate his prostate
with the probe...and chucks soul froze in terror as he felt the first
wave and throb of an orgasm wash through him. His head shook a rapid
no beat as he was forced closer and closer, his fingers gripping tight
into the girls ass and hips. Mary stopped her beating of his ass for a
moment to turn to her slave and call her over. Leaning down she
deflated and ripped the nozzle from her ass as Tom set the girl up on
rabidchias ass. The scene was almost complete, but needed just one
more piece to the tableau. Tony dragged Jessann over and forced her
underneath the kneeling girl. Karen clamped hard down on her bowels
trying to retain the frozen water until she was given the command to
release it. Jessann looked up in horror as she was positioned, her
cunt beneath the fucking couple. DebiJean stepped up the shocks to
chucks gland and watched his face avidly as he began to cum.
"GGGGGHHHHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO",
Chuck cock exploded in the girl his cum burned and seared its way
through the tortured organ, his swollen balls throbbing so badly he
could barely remain upright. Simultaneously Mary gave the
command..."SHIT bitch." and Karen released the frozen water from her
ass in relief. The icy torrent flooded over rabidchias ass and chucks
cock, dripping down between them to inundate the cringing girl below.
Jessann closed her eyes in disgust as the torrent flooded over her
cunt and the crushed tail feathers beneath her. Finally the last of it
stopped save for a few drips as chuck slumped unconscious to the
floor. The shivering slave was empty as she was pulled form the girls
back and petted by her owners. Jessann wept...she had never been so
humiliated in her life...to be bathed in enema water she thought was
the ultimate...until she looked up. Standing over her was her Master
Bear. If ever a slave could be said to try and disappear, Jessann was
that slave, she tried to go through the solid floor as she saw the
look of disgust on her Masters face.  

Bear reached down and pulled the girl up by her hair. Reaching behind
her he plucked the stained and tawdry feathers from her ass. "Well?
Pecker breath?" His sardonic tones chilled the girls soul, "Is this
how you treat my gifts to you?" With disgust on his face he stripped
the girl and discarded her to the floor. "You should have protected my
property slut, taken it on your useless body or face." The Man turned
his heavy bulk and 
smiled at Mary...she knew he was not angry with her...only with the
failure of his slave. "Clean it bitch and then get yourself
presentable." Jessann looked at the soaked feathers and leather he
tossed on her and turned a livid red in shame and embarrassment.
Flustered she gathered up the garments and feathers and began to crawl
to the sink in the corner, Bear speeded her on her way with a push
from his booted foot. Finding a rag the girl began to dab at the wet
leather and feathers gently, almost timidly. 'Hurry up girl or your
will suck them clean and dry!" Terror washed over her face as she
re-doubled her efforts. Cleaning the leather and feathers as best she
could Jessann presented them to her Master for inspection. The
feathers hung bedraggled in her hands as he glared at her. Grabbing
the feathers from her, he gripped her hair painfully and forced each
one through her mouth, making her comb them back into shape. Tears
raced down her cheeks as she groomed and preened the feathers.

Merci watched from the rack. Skruffy idly traced her skin with the
sharp point of his knife, ignoring the girls shudders. She had found
the days rest healing but still her cunt twinged each time she moved.
The knifes edge had literally parted her hair, placing a thin almost
invisible slice along her cunt. She well knew her Masters love of his
knives, and feared it greatly. Each time they had been brought into
play in her torture...she found herself fearing them more and more.
Skruffys face grew more and more thoughtful and the knife began to
circle the girls nipples, pricking at the skin.  With a dancing light
in his eyes Skruffy bent to kiss and lick the welted and nicked skin
of his slave. Slowly she relaxed and began to moan, her body
responding to the gentle touch. His tongue worked its way down the
girls body, finally reaching her tender sliced cunt. Her moans as her
Master licked and supped at her grew ever louder and more passionate.
Skruffy dipped his tongue into her and sipped at her moisture as it
began to flow. Gently he inserted one finger then a second, pumping to
drive the girl into desperate need. Strained as her limbs were merci
still managed to grind against her Masters fingers and lips. He could
feel her heat rising, her cunt muscles gripping his fingers tightly as
he teased her need. Chuckling to himself he removed his fingers for a
second and palmed his knife holding the hilt toward the girl and
inserted it and his fingers deep with in her body. Drawing his other
blade he slid the hilt along her cunt to moisten it and then pushed it
deep into her ass. Merci at first thought that it was merely his
fingers within her body, her mind fuzzy with the haze of her passion.
Slowly it began to dawn on her that what was in her was too
heavy...two unforgiving and she began to realize what it was. Skruffy
felt the stiffening of her muscles and stood upright. Gripping the
blades on the flat he began to fuck them into the terrified girls
body. Her pleas of terror thrilled him, but he needed to add to that
pleasure. Stopping for a moment he removed his pants and climbed onto
the rack to force his heavy cock into her mouth. His ass began to pump
his cock into her throat as he pumped the knife hilts into her. Faster
and harder he pumped the knives into her, his cock matching the rhythm
as he forced himself deeper into her throat. Merci began to choke on
each downstroke, her eyes bulging in terror and pain as the blades of
the knife scraped across her labia, the pressure was not enough to
cut, but only nick the thin membrane. Skruffys face turned a deep red
as he released the knifes, forcing them deep into the girls body and
then reared up to pump his cum down her throat. Merci was unable to
breathe much less swallow as the cum flooded her throat and out her
mouth, her body rigid in pain and fear. Reluctantly Skruffy pulled his
cock from the racked girls mouth allowing her to swallow painfully. 

"Mary we have had an absolutely wonderful time but I think it is time
for me to say goodbye for now." Skruffy bowed to his hostess. "I
congratulate you on your slave< I think you will get many years of
pleasure from her before she expires. Merci and I will drop by later
in the week with your indulgence." Skruffys' hands were busy as he
spoke, pulling duct tape from his bag and his throwing knives. Taking
the duct tape he sealed the two knives already in mercies snatch and
ass inside her, then taking the throwing knives strapped them to the
girls terrified body. One on each side of her tits the points touching
the base of them, three more facing down to poke her mons and hips.
The last her taped to her throat facing her chin. The final one he was
careful to insure would not penetrate her flesh but remind her to keep
her head high, forcing the girl to rely solely on him to guide her.
Finally he released the straps and lifted the girl to her feet. All
could see the fear in the girls eyes and every motion as she kept her
legs spread wide and her body perfectly straight. "Skruffy it has been
a pleasure and of course you are welcome back. I'm just sorry you
didn't give me a chance to practice my surgical skills, but then
again...." Mary looked at the girl.."The ride home may send you back
here." With a laugh Skruffy led his slave naked from the room and out
to his car.

EvilKath and Gene had meandered down to the stable to gather up their
ponies. Neither girl had gotten much rest during the day and their
bodies were painfully stiff. Gene looked with some small indifference
on lizette, she had tried her best but had lost the race. She curled
her head away from her Master as he unhooked the  reins holding her
standing. Forcing her legs apart, he quickly re-harnessed her adding
two large horse chestnuts still in the pod and strapping them between
her legs. The hooks of the pods pricked into the tender flesh and
forced her to keep her legs wide. Pulling her arms up high on her back
he attached the single cuff to her collar. The misery in her eyes was
not enough, she would never fail him again he vowed. He pulled a curb
bit from his pocket. The girls eyes widened in fear as she saw it. He
had had it specially designed for him, the central shaft of the bit
was padded to protect her teeth, but the very middle was bare metal
the round shaft covered in 1/2" spikes. The links on either side were
hooked to dig into the mouth. "Open your mouth." lizette looked at the
bit with fear, impatient Gene pinched her nose shut painfully and as
she opened her mouth to scream forced the bit inside. Rapidly he
strapped it and attached the reins. lizettes knees buckled as the pain
of the rowels on her tongue and tender mouth roof hit her and then
straightened as the chestnuts gouged into her flesh. Gene waited,
gathering the reigns in his hands, then snapping them to get her
attention. Lizette straightened up and presented her ass for the first
touch of the crop. Gene brought the crop sharply across her flanks and
she stepped out, the chestnuts making her pick each leg high and place
it wide.  Gene knew that she would require some light exercise to ease
the stiffness form her muscles and led her uphill to the flat.

EvilKath stroked her pony and petted her. She had brought a treat for
the small girl, and fed her bits of the sweet apple before she started
harnessing her. Removing the tail she allowed her to relieve herself
and then replaced it making sure that it was seated well. Using a
curry brush she untangled the tail and her pony mane, pulling the hair
up in a tight pony tail. Then she reached out side the door and
brought forth a surprise for the girl. Pushing lovelyldy to the stable
wall and hooking the reins high, she lifted the girls foot and pulled
a pair of knee high boots onto it. Affixed to the bottom of the boot
was a 5 lb. horseshoe, dropping the foot she placed the other boot on
her pony  and watched as the girl struggled to stand and balance
herself. The design of the boot made it impossible for her to rest her
weight anywhere save her toes. She could no longer stand with her feet
flat on the ground, the extra 10 lbs. would strengthen the girls legs
for the race later in the week. Quickly she finished the harnessing,
strapping the girls arms behind her, and then binding her breasts
tight and leading straps to her knees. The girl was forced to pull on
her tits or lift her legs high and fast to ease the pain. Unhooking
her reins, she snapped them and lovelyldy presented her ass for the
whip. a snap and she high stepped from the barn, her legs fighting the
weight and the new balancing act on her toes. EvilKath was sure she
would be ready for that race.

Both of the trainers let their ponies out on the flat, the girls
eyeing each other. The Sadists attached lounging leads to their
bridles and cracking the whip set them to exercising. Each girl
watched her rivals form as she high stepped at a painful trot on the
lawn, each trying to step higher and faster than the other.......




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

				22. End of A Weekend 2

Lizette glanced with envy at the new boots lovelyldy sported, she had
never seen boots that forced a pony up on her toes before. The
straight black boots with the clubbed horseshoe bearing toes made the
girl move and look even more like the pony she was to be. Her own feet
screamed each time the touched the ground the blisters lanced last
night were no where near healed and each foot picked up high quickly
and reluctantly fell so that the other foot could rest briefly.
Painfully she trotted in a circle her breasts painfully reminding her
to keep her knees high, the chestnuts to keep her legs wide. Gene kept
his mare well in control circling her around him , his whip snapping
to speed her up, the lead to slow her down. He would not burn her out,
only ease the stiffness from her flesh as she trained.

EvilKath was not oblivious to the envious glances at her shod pony,
her whip tapping and moving over the trotting ponies body to speed
her, make her raise her legs and tits higher. Lovely tossed her pony
tailed hair and gripped the bit in her mouth. She was a winner and
proud of it, happy that she had pleased her Mistress in her maiden
race. She ignored the burn in her legs from the extra weight and
lifted them high and wide as she was guided in the circle. She knew
that the next race would not be easy and was determined to win it.
That meant she trained, and she knew that her Mistress would make that
her life's work for the next week. Soon she was moving easier in the
toe boots, her muscles loosening and flowing easily beneath her tanned
skin, the harness creaking gently.

DJ and Mary relaxed in the living room sharing a bit of girl talk
between them. Sipping at perfectly heated Brandies they kept an eye on
rabidchia and chuck and they laughed and bantered between them. FX
finally wandered in Dude trailing a step behind him . "Mind if I join
you two gorgeous girls?" "Not at all, pull up a chair and relax." Mary
smiled at the stage star. "I was just telling Mary how much I have
enjoyed this weekend...and I have to thank you for this pitiful piece
of putrid prick you sold me...her will help immensely in teaching chia
the error of her ways." chuck looked down at the ruin he called his
groin and shuddered...he had the feeling that life was NOT going to be
a bed of roses for him...hell not even a bed of thorns. DJ caught the
look of pain and anger that chia flashed toward chuck. Her entire
groin was black and blue, and she blamed him not her Mistress for it.
He had even dared to piss inside her...that she would never forgive.

DJ caught the daggers chia was glaring out the corner of her eye and
smiled. Maybe she could have a little more fun today, before her
slaves had nothing left to give. Telling them to stay she left the
room for a few minutes only to return bearing something behind her
back and a mischievous grin on her face. Stepping behind chia she
ordered the girl to close her eyes. Trembling in fear the girl did so
and was forced up on her knees by her hair. She could feel her bruised
and mistreated loins being strapped into some sort of harness. "Open
your eyes girl and look." chia looked down at her groin and grinned.
Sticking out from a black dildo harness was a 10" long knobbed dildo
nearly 4 inches around, complete with balls. She could feel the heat
on her thighs and knew that her Mistress had filled it with something
hot. Chuck looked up from lowered eye lids and quaked, surely she did
not mean for that monster to go......he began to back his ass into a
corner. DJ smiled a cold smile at chuck and grabbing his ear forced
him into the center of the room. Two words was all she spoke, but they
were enough to nearly make chuck pee the floor...."Chia ATTACK!"

With a low growl of revenge Chia rapidly placed herself behind the
cringing man and dug her nails into his scrotum to force his legs
apart. "Hmmmmmmmm DJ do you mind if..I..." Fx gestured toward his
crotch...."Not at all, be my guest." FX drew a low hassock over to the
mans face and sat upon it opening his pants. His hand grabbed chucks
hair and forced his mouth down over his cock. Just as the mans mouth
was invaded, chia rammed her dildoed loins forward, no lube, no gentle
slowness, only pure anger, ripping and forcing her way into the mans
bowels with the knobbed dildo. Determinedly she forced the dildo home,
chucks scream of pain reverberating around FX's cock as she shoved it
deep into the mans throat. Refusing to acknowledge her own pain as the
dildo was forced back against her swollen bruised mons, chia began to
saw in and out of the mans torn and bleeding ass, her powerful thrusts
forcing his head to impale itself on FX. FX began to fuck the raped
slaves mouth, thrusting in counterpoint to chia, whipsawing the pinned
slave between them. Chia glanced up at FX and then dropped her eyes,
he had gotten the message, when he came she would flood chucks ass
with the heated fluid in the balls of the dildo. Chuck writhed between
the two of them, his asshole burning and screaming in pain, his balls
swinging and twisting, their enlarged swollen sack thudding painfully
against his thighs as he was forced to lick and deep throat FX. Chucks
screams and whimpers of pain as his ass was pummeled by the girl and
his flanks gouged by her nails hummed around FX's hard cock, he could
feel the cum churning in his balls and knew that he would cum soon.
Gripping chucks ears he forced the mans mouth down hard, ramming his
cock into his throat and choking him as his balls erupted in powerful
waves of orgasm. Chia caught his expression of ecstasy and squeezed
the hot balls of the dildo in her hand. The pumping of her fingers
forced the hot liquid into chucks ass, searing the torn and tenderized
walls. A moment of near ease rushed over chuck before the searing hot
liquid released its surprise. In pain and torment the man broke free
of the hands holding his ears, cum flooding down his face as he ripped
his asshole from the knobbed dildo. His body convulsed on the floor,
his ass leaking an oil tinged with blood. Chia watched her eyes
wondering as the man screamed and wept, writhing helpless on the floor
in front of her. Mary and FX looked at DJ curiously..."I thought he
might be a bit cold and shocks afterwards so I used a bottle of your
Thai Chili Oil mixed with Safflower oil. I thought it would give him a
warm reception into the family." Try as they might Mary, FX and Dude
could not help themselves, the look of mischievous innocence on DJ's
face was too much...They burst out laughing.

Chuckling they watched as the man wept and rolled on the floor,
inevitably rubbing his lacerated balls and cock into the oil that had
leaked from his ass. His screams reached new heights as the oil worked
its insidious touch on the torn and pierced flesh. Even chia looked
down on him with a mixture of amusement and pity, crawling to her
mistress she waited for the dildo to be removed from her. She had
gotten her revenge for the piss and fucking and was satisfied. Tony
was attracted by the screams and wandered into the room, NuBaby
crawling painfully behind him. He held in his hand a small china bowl,
which she eyed nervously. Her eyes took in the screaming man on the
floor and she shuddered. Glancing at the man who had claimed her, she
saw the glint of hunger in his eyes. Her mind was drawn to the pain in
her clamped and bound tits and her multiply pierced cunt and she
wanted to cry. Her body hurt from one end to the other, each torment
worse than the next. She had prayed to die when her had soldered her
mouth open. Unable to close it, she could only drool where she knelt,
and had no idea how she would eat or drink. Chuck gave a final moan
and passed into a haze of endorphins and blackness...his body and mind
worn down to little more than autonomic functions.

Tony already had plans for that, he had practiced on his ex-wife until
he had it down to perfection. Kicking his bitch to her belly and then
over on her back, he waited for her body to stop jerking in pain.  Her
knees were drawn up to ease the painful pull on her bound tits. Her
eyes searching for some mercy in his face...she found none. Tony
grinned down at the terrified girl and waved the bowl in front of her
face. Straddling her body he sat his full weight upon her upper chest,
her screams of pain as he rested on her binder clip clamped tits
filling the room. Waiting for her screams to die down Tony looked at
the special dish he had prepared for his toy. He had surpassed his
earlier culinary efforts, and looked down in the open mouth before
him. Finally he dipped his fingers in the mess, and deposited the
first of many meals she would eat helplessly in his hands. NuBaby
gagged at the roil of flavors that coated her tongue, her stomach
heaving in protest. Tony had pureed a blend of tuna, cauliflower,
black olives, liver and grits together, then added a healthy glop of
his hot cum and cod liver oil to smooth it out. He pushed the mess to
the back of NuBabys throat and pressed it down her throat, gagging the
girl had no choice but to swallow it. Tony tilted the bowl so that she
could see the slimy brown glop he was feeding her. As she worked the
noxious mess down her throat, her yanked 5 of the needles from her
swollen cunt. Her body writhed beneath him as she suffered unable to
scream for the mess in her throat.

Reluctantly Tony scraped the last of the gook from the bowl and forced
it down his pets throat. NuBaby's face was streaked with her tears,
each throat full had been paid for in the twisting removal of the
needles from her cunt. Tony stood up and looked down at the huddled
slave and pulled a bit of string from his pocket. Nu's eyes opened
wide in fear...she was sure that the string did not bode well for her.
Tony bent over and began to thread the string through the binder
clips, carefully lacing each clip securely on both tits. Standing he
held the knotted ends of the string in his hands and reached for his
cock. With a jerk of his powerful arm her zipppppppppppppppppppppped
the clamps from her tormented tits. NuBaby screamed and lunged upward
as the clips snapped from her tits
her body threshing in extreme pain as the clips ripped at her
tenderized flesh. As she moved helpless beneath him, her legs bound to
her tits yanking at the flesh, he directed a stream of hot piss over
her face mouth and body, shaking the last drops onto her lacerated
mons. NuBaby wailed as he bent gripped her legs and pulled them over
her head, then plunged his 12" cock into her cunt, swapping between
the recently pierced mons and her dry ass, until he came, directing
the cum so that it filled her mouth and spotted her face. In scathing
tones he spoke as he dropped her abused and tortured body..."Sureibu"
Nu could only lay there in the piss, the cum dripping off her face and
sliding down her throat and cry.

A slow steady clapping beat was heard behind them. Tony turned and
bowed as he looked at  Jessann and the clapping Bear. Stripped of her
finery, her head low in shame Jessann knelt by her Master. Once again
she bore the bar of soap tied in her gagged mouth, the feather duster
rammed deep in her ass. Bear had changed her attire a little for now
she had her breasts ties tightly with the cleaning rags, another rag
tied between her legs.
"Slut, clean her up, all your fucking good for is scrubbing cunt...get
to it." Chagrined Jessann crawled over to the whimpering NuBaby . Her
eyes were pained as she tried to figure out how to clean up the mess
on the floor with her hands bound behind her. She did not have long to
think as Bear forced her tit first into the spreading fluids and used
her body for a mop, his hand upon the feather duster in her ass. Chuck
recovered his mind while she worked, wishing he had not. There was
little on his body that was not screaming messages of pain. His dark
brown eyes watched as Jessann was forced to soak up the waste with her
tit bindings and shuddered when she was then dragged over to mop up
the oils with the cloths binding her cunt. Her tears of pain and
humiliation dripped on his flesh as the Thai Chili Oil soaked through
the cloth into her mons. :Maybe that will get the bitch moving on her
own Bear." DJ chuckled. Soon the girl was whirling across the floor in
pain as the oil set her skin on fire.

Tom had been in the play room through all of the play in the living
room with Karen. Divesting the slave of all her bindings, leaving
nothing on her body to control her, he watched the girl. She remained
quietly on her knees, her mind numb, waiting for his orders. He looked
at the girl kneeling before him.. "Karen you can do what you
want...you may chose how you serve me this time." The girl caught her
breath in her throat. was this a trick...was she really to choose,
what if she chose wrong, did not please him...her mind whirled in
circles. Tentatively she looked around the room, she could feel the
heavy rings in her cunt, knew the ways he had hurt her, used her, and
feel the hunger in her body for more. She began to think they were
right...she was nothing more than a slave, her life before this week a
dream of endless boring days and nights, a mockery of living. Her
flesh shuddering she crawled to the gun cabinet and took down a heavy
riding crop, taking it in her teeth and crawling back to him to drop
it at his feet. Her body trembled as she turned from him and placed
her breasts on the ground, spreading her knees wide. Her body was
under her control...I don't need to do this...I can chose something
less...something gentle...why...why am I offering...why do I
need...tears fell unbidden from her body as she presented her spread
ass and cunt to him. He took up the crop and looked down at the
shaking girl...she had chosen, knowing the pain to come...she had
chosen this. He could see the moistness of her spread labia, the rings
winking in her flesh and calling to him. Raising his arm he struck,
the tang of the crop catching and cutting straight down between her
spread lips. Her body rocked under the blow as her mouth opened...but
she did not scream. Again he split her labia with the crop, her body
dropping to writhe in pain and rise again. Fully 10 hard blows landed
to her cunt and ass before the girl could not rise again. Blood leaked
from the skin split by the crop mingling with her cunt juices as she
came. Finally she was able to force her legs together enough to rise
and she turned, rising on her knees before her Master. Not a word was
spoken or needed as she edged his zipper down and her tongue teased
his hard cock forth. Toms hand fell and started to caress the girls
hair, but stopped. This was something she needed to do on her own, no
encouragement. Licking and teasing his cock from its nest she urged it
into her mouth. gently she held just the head resting on her tongue
and waited, her eyes closed in soul pain and need. Tom watched and
began to let down his bladder as the girl closed her lips tight about
his cock. Flesh flushed with her recent cum, she drank of her Masters
waters willingly on her own....she was theirs. 




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

23. How Much Is....

Glen looked down at the slave by his feet, her head bowed. She knelt
with her legs widespread and back straight as Bruno sniffed and licked
at her cunt and ass. She would be a challenge, but Glen was surprised
at how well she was settling down. Much of the fight in her seemed to
have fled when Bruno had first tied with her and dragged her back by
her cunt to the house. Almost gently he chained her legs to the
opposite wrist, Jerking the chain lightly he snapped his fingers in
front of her and she heeled to his left. Because of the length of the
chains she was unable to crawl without switching her ass, her tits
swaying gently as she crawled behind him. Bruno wagged his tail as he
saw that they were going for a walk...dancing ahead of his Master and
mate only to bounce back, nipping at Brandy's ass to speed her up.
Glen laughed at the girls efforts and shooed Bruno off, leading her to
the lower yard and the dog pen. Placing her inside, he unleashed her
and stood back to wait. The girl hadn't had a chance to go to the
bathroom all day, and he knew she had to full to bursting. Brandy
looked around her confused...the shredded bark was soft on her knees,
but she did not understand what Glen wanted of her. He pantomimed her
squatting and relieving herself but the girl stared blankly at him.
Finally he pulled his own cock from his pants and pissed the urine
splattering her arms and face. Gripping her hair he pushed her face to
the wet bark and mud, then released her and gestured again. Brandy got
the idea and blushed. She was to be allowed to relieve herself, but
outside like a dog. Her head bowed in shame she obeyed, spreading her
legs even wider. Glen kicked a little dirt towards her and she was
quick to realize that she needed to cover up her mess. He rinsed her
down with the hose and made her kneel silent while Bruno finished up,
licking her mons and ass. Brandy's mons shivered and raced in
confusion. why was she enjoying the dogs touch...she had never even
thought of ever letting a dog hump her leg and now she had been raped
by one...more confusion...she had enjoyed it and the pain when he tied
with her. Soft grunting moans escaped her throat as the dog licked and
nibbled her fleshy cunt.

Glen stood and watched, his mind mulling over the problem of getting
his deaf bitches attention. He had to have some signal to call her
with. Snapping the leash on her collar he jerked and signaled leading
her and Bruno from the pen. Pulling on the leash he led her back
uphill only to feel a drag on it and turn to see what was going on.
Bruno had grabbed her loins and was rubbing up against her quaking
hips, his cock peeking from its sheath. "OFF you damned pussy
hound...you'll get some in a few minutes." He pushed the dog from the
girls back and watched amused as her ass fell an inch. The damned
bitch was presenting for her mate....Now this presented some good
possibilities. Was she that smart? That quick to learn, or that deep
in rut? Well food first then...maybe a bit of a training show.
Snapping the leash he led her back to the house. 

"Mary mind if I borrow a can of food? I brought Brunos meal and his
kibble but I'm not sure there is enough for both." "Of course Glen you
will find it in the pantry...We have a good supply for Karen and you
know where the bowls are." Glen nodded and tied his bitch to a chair
leg before leaving the room. Bruno kept sniffing and licking at her
loins to the amusement of Mary and DJ. His thin pink tongue was too
much for the girl and she found herself pushing back against the
lapping touch. Glen re-entered carrying a large bowl filled with a mix
of Kibble and canned food. Bruno looked up, and then back at his
bitch, his tail wagging. He could smell she was entering estrus and
was having difficulty deciding whether to satisfy cock or belly first.
Glen placed the filled bowl before the girl. She looked at the bowl of
food and up at Glen, her eyes pleading as her mouth could not. She
could not bring herself to eat the mess before her. "Bruno SIT!"
whimpering lightly the dog sat, his eyes flicking from bitch to bowl
and back again. Glen took a finger full of the food and rubbed it on
Brandy's mouth. Determinedly the girl clamped her jaws shut...she
would not be forced to eat that slop. He gripped her hair and pulled
her head as far back as the collar would allow, her mouth opening
under the pain and stretch....Glen quickly scooped some food in her
mouth and then held her jaws shut so she could not spit it out. He
ignored her grunt and moans of protest, and kept her mouth shut until
the flavor of the food had permeated her mouth and she was forced to
swallow. FX looked up and grinned moving into the girls view...he
signed to her..."Eat or he will force feed you the entire bowl...your
choice." Bruno leaned over and licked the remains off her mouth.
Brandy bucked in Glens hands, she would NOT eat that
shit...Nononononononono....there was no way she would ever voluntarily
eat that crap...Glen felt the rigidity and fight in the girl and shook
his head. He could make her starve until she accepted and have to
fight every step of the way in training her or he could use a short
cut. Short cut it was. Glen released her and left the room only to
return in a moment carrying an electronic anti-bark collar and a lit
cigarette. He locked the collar around Brandy's throat and gestured to
the food again. Brandy tried to back away her head shaking adamantly
NO. Glen casually leaned down and touched the lit cigarette to her
ass. Brandy screamed as loud as she could in pain and lurched forward
to be brought up short by the tied leash and collars. Again he gripped
her hair and forced her face to the bowl, feeling the girls body
straining upward against his hand. As she rebelled he brushed the
cigarette coal against her cunt, Brandy's mouth flying open in pain,
taking advantage Glen forced her face fully into the bowl the kibble
and dog food filling her mouth. Struggling she tried to spit it out,
only to feel the heated coal touching the inside curve of her ass.
Over and over he forced her face into the bowl, each time she lifted
it with out eating, he burned the girls flesh. The insides of her
thighs and mons, ass and hips were touched over and over with the red
hot coal until her mind and spirit could take no more and she took the
first mouthful on her own. Glen stepped back and gestured his hand
curving toward his mouth and pointing at her. Eyes reddened with tears
Brandy leaned her face into the bowl and ate. A gesture from Glen
buried Brunos face next to her. His two dogs were fed.

Genek and EvilKath decided it was too dark for their ponies to
exercise much longer and led them back toward the house, both fillies
were panting and their flesh glistened with a light sheen as they
entered the living room. They watched as the new bitch fed at her
lovers side, the soft sounds of pain mingling with the dogs eager
enjoyment of his food. Lovelyldy eyes showed their whites as she saw
the burns upon Brandy's ass and mons. Lizette buried her face in her
Masters lap where she knelt beside him. The two fillies could tell
that much had gone on in the room, looking around at chucks quivering
form, and NuBabys livid black and blue'd flesh. Both began to thank
their Owners silently for allowing them to serve so hard and easy at
the same time. 

FX and Dude stood to take their leave of their Host and Hostess as Tom
entered the room. "Alas we have to leave your fair demesne...I have
rehearsal on the morrow and Dude has some hunting to do for a new toy
for me. Fair Maid you have outdone yourself with this party. Tom Thank
you for such an enjoyable time." FX as flamboyant as ever turned and
kissed the hands of DebiJean and EK..."Ladies...you have both been a
delight." "Tony don't bother we will show ourselves out." A few
minutes later and the cough of an engine could be heard along with a
muffled shout.."YOU BLASTED PIECE OF ANTIQUATED STAGE PROP...START
ALREADY!" as FX finally found a gear the car liked and started down
the driveway.

"So Gene...next Friday? You name the place." EK relaxed and stroked
her ponies flank. "Hmmm, two miles on a flat? Double or nothing? How
about my training track." "Perfect...lovelyldy will beat your filly
hooves down." Gene smiled and touched his champion mare..."Don't bet
on it...oops you did already." Their converse was interrupted by a
muffled wail of pain and they looked over at Brandy. Bruno had cleaned
up his bitch and was mounting her face..his heavy cock forcing it's
way into her mouth and throat. DebiJean broke out in laughter..."AIN"T
THAT JUST LIKE A MAN...EAT, FUCK AND STILL CAN"T FIGURE OUT WHAT END
TO USE" Bruno didn't care which end was up, a silly look of pleasure
and concentration on his face as he jump-humped the girls mouth,
battering her mouth throat and nose. with a sigh of exasperation Glen
pulled him off and pointed him toward the girls ass and cunt. with a
few quick swipes of his tongue Bruno leaned over the girls burned ass
and forced himself into her ass. His powerful forelegs gripped the
claws into the soft flesh at the juncture of thigh and belly and held
her painfully in place as he shoved and ripped into the protesting
tight ass hole in front of him. Brandy tried to pull away, her cunt
was one thing, but the pain of his thick cock shoving itself into her
ass was more than she could bear. Her voice sounded painfully through
the room and he forced the rapidly swelling knot into her ass and with
a few short powerful strokes began to cum and tie with her. The pain
was nearly more than she could stand, it felt as if his cock had grown
4 times in size, his hot cum searing its way through her strained
flesh and weight heavy along with the dog food in her belly. Glen
stood over her and looked down, then taking a drag from a cigarette
and blowing the smoke at her, reached into his pocket and withdrew a
Liv-A-Snap and held it before her mouth. With a soft sob of defeat
Brandy took it and chewed as Glen stroked her hair and scratched
behind her ear.

NuBaby watched her friend, the pain in her eyes not only for her own
tormented flesh but for her friend whom she had gotten into this mess
in the first place. She had thought it would be such a lark...she had
recognized FX as he drove through the gate, and wanted to meet him.
Crashing the party had seemed like a good idea at the time...what
would they do she had thought, toss them out, let them stay, maybe at
worse call the police. She had never thought either of them would end
up like this....tortured, tormented forced to fuck dogs. A gasp of
pain escaped her open lips as Tony ground his foot down on her wire
bound tit. With fear she looked up at him to see the thunder cloud
expression in his ice blue eyes, quickly she dropped her eyes praying
he had not notice. But he had. Swiftly he leaned down and drew a
pegging wire from his pocket and hog-tied her before she could move.
With her wrists and ankles NuBaby was unable to move, only shake with
fear as Tony left and returned with a few items from the kitchen. His
fingers played lightly over the multiply pierced flesh of her mons
teasing the swollen flesh open and then before she could react in any
way brought a wire scrub brush down hard on the inner flesh. Nu
SCREAMED, every muscle in her body standing in rictus as the pain
overwhelmed her. Again he brought it down, lacerating her ass hole
with it. "YOU CUNT will never look up! YOU WILL LEARN!!!" Ass and cunt
he lashed her with the wire bristles turning the raw and bloody, the
with a groan of pleasure sank into the torn ripped ass and fucked the
livid flesh raw. NuBaby writhed beneath him, the pain ripping through
her mind and body, nothing registering other than the agony she was
in. Her cunt throbbed and burned from the beating with the wire as his
stomach ground into it. Her ass prayed that her mind would leave home
and let it find surcease in unconsciousness, the only blessing it
found
in the hot cum he filled it with. Hoarsely Tony spoke to Glen..."If
Bruno is finished with his bitch I need her." Glen looked down where
Bruno had finally managed to pull from his bitches ass and was licking
himself clean. Untying her he led her over to Tony. The girl crawled
behind him her ass burning in pain, feeling the spill of dog cum down
the crack of her distended ass. Tony grabbed the cowering bitch and
forced her ass over NuBabys semi-permanently open mouth. Gripping the
girls tits, twisting and squeezing them, he forced the girl to sit on
her friends mouth, the dog cum slowly dripping into the open orifice.
"Give it all to her Bitch!" in moans of pain and shame, Brandy obeyed
the cruel grip, pushing the dog cum from her ass to fill her friends
mouth.

Karen whimpered and pressed her face into her Mistresses lap ,
desperate to please her in someway and avoid being handed to Tony for
fun.




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			24. A Quiet Evening

Helpless beneath her owner and the slave, NuBaby could only accept the
foul mixture into her mouth. Tony's cock pounding home and flooding
deep inside her ass as the dogs cum slid down her throat was more than
the girl could stand. At last her mind retreated into the darkness.
Brandy looked down at the ruin that had been her friend for several
years and wept a silent tear. Her ass empty she waited for permission
to leave, only to feel a shock at her throat. Her hands flew upwards
to grip the electronic collar there, her head turning frantically to
see a smile on Glens face...he beckoned her to him. Head bowed she
dismounted her friend and crawled to her owner. Though the shock had
not been bad, it was enough for her to want to obey immediately.
clipping her leash to her collar he petted his pet.

"Mary I have had a wonderful time and thank you for the gift, but I
think I should get Bruno and his bitch home. We have a lot of work to
do. I will stop by on Wednesday if that would be convenient." "Glen it
was a pleasure having you here, and I could not have tested my cunt
any other way. Oh I never got to ask you, have you seen Eisanna,
lately?"  "I knew there was something I was forgetting to tell you in
the rush of getting a new bitch for Bruno, She will be back in town on
Wednesday, You know her always touring, acquiring new slave...she has
a couple that she plans on training and selling in Mexico or
somewhere. Eisanna says she had been working them in the traditional
German Style...hope they survive." Glen grinned and then snapped the
leash taking his leave of the ladies. Karen watched silent from the
floor, she was not un-happy to see the dog go, but as her mind cast
over the Dogs use of her, was chagrined to find a longing for it.

Mary watched the play of emotions over the girls face. "Tom what do
you think, Maybe we should get Karen a playmate? Something on the
lines of a Newfoundland or a Mastiff...maybe a Shetland pony...she
should be able to handle that with a bit of stretching and pain" Karen
shuddered at the words being bandied about over her head, A PONY!!!!!!
it would rip her apart...but they can't do that in the week i have
left, but i can't go home again, i just can't face being alone
anymore...but how could anyone ever want me after what i've
done...maybe they will keep me..no...even they won't want me now...i'm
soiled. Her mind raced in circles and she barely noticed Gene and
EvilKath making their departures. "Mary don't forget...Friday my
place...for the race." "we will be there Gene, and good luck to the
four of you."

Tony kicked the slave unconscious at his feet to see if she was
nearing a wakeful state. NuBaby rolled limply under the kick but did
not stir. With a snort he left the girl in Mary and Toms hands and
went to prepare a place for her to sleep the night. Tom turned to talk
to Mary in a low voice, while DebiJean began to ready her slaves for
the long trip home. 

Sending rabidchia for her bag she looked over the lump of meat she had
purchased. chuck flinched as she walked over and touched him. "You
KNOW I'm going to enjoy every minute you survive don't you shitface."
chuck cringed and nodded. "Your torment is going to be my SPECIAL
project...I hope you survive for a long while." chuck shuddered as a
tear traced his cheek...why had he ever left his home and successful
business to pursue his needs....he had been passed already through two
pairs of hands, now he was in the possession of a sadistic
lesbian....could his body take much more? Rabidchia returned bearing
the bag in her mouth. Kicking chuck to his back, DJ dug her nails into
his cock..."You won't be needing this for a while, and I hate to stop
just so a slave can piss." Selecting a large gauge catheter from her
bag she began to force it unlubed into the screaming mans cock. He
could feel every millimeter as she fed it through the small opening to
his bladder. As the urine began to fill the tube he shoved it in his
mouth and duct taped it in place. "There that should hold you until we
get home, SHIT, I don't have a fucking thing for you to
wear....hmmmmmmmm." His miserable eyes turned toward his owner,
somehow he had the feeling what ever she decided to put on him was not
going to be pleasant. "AHHHH I HAVE IT!!! JUST THE THING FOR A SLUT
MALE!!" Racing from the room in her excitement DJ almost tripped over
NuBaby as she began to stir. Without so much as a look behind her she
tromped on the girls belly with her high heel and launched herself
through the door. NuBaby could barely grunt as the wind was forced
from her body explosively. DJ returned waving a red see through dress
of chias, she had brought it just in case they went out, but this was
going to be a perfect use for it. Grabbing up chuck she forced the
dress over his head and body. The sheer garment barely dropped to
balls level on his large frame..."OOOOOOOOOO CAN"T HAVE THOSE
SHOWING." Grabbing the duct tape she bound chucks enormously swollen
balls tight, watching as the blood raced from his face in pain and
left him white as a sheet. When she finished binding them, she began
to wind the tape over ass and waist to form a pair of thong underwear.
chuck broke out in a thin sheen of perspiration...the pain was nearly
more than he could bear, but he had no choice. Worse he feared her
removal of it, each hair would go with the tape he knew, and he did
not think she was going to be gentle about it. Stepping back DJ looked
over the lump of slave meat...."Hmmmmm still needs something...AH
HAH!" digging in her bag she pulled out a makeup case and began to
pain chucks face. Deep rouge to bring out the cheeks in a whorish
manner, bright red lipstick, his eyes surrounded in blacks and blues,
chuck looked into the mirror over the breakfront and saw a whore of
the lowest class. His face was a parody of feminization, he only
lacked the teased beehive hairdo. He could see his fuzzy chest through
the dress and knew beyond doubt that others would be able to see more.
Chia watched and gloated until her Mistress looked at chucks
feet...NOT MY PRECIOUS SHOES...OH GOD MISTRESS...HE WILL RUIN THEM,
the girl clapped her hands over her mouth right after she blurted her
horror. Mistress would do what she wanted...but DJ laughed..."No
Chia...those over sized flippers would never fit in your dainty
treasures...he will have to go barefooted." Chia breathed a sigh of
relief that was echoed by chuck. "Now both of you say thank you for
such a wonderful time." "Thank you Miss Mary and Master Tom, i have
enjoyed (shudder) my stay here this weekend." "Chia We have BOTH
enjoyed your torment." Mary and Tom smiled at the girl. Chia curtseyed
and knelt back against her Mistress' legs. chuck stammered out his
farewell, the pain in his taped nuts, stealing his breath. "Thank you
M-M-Miss Mary and M-M-M-M-M-Aster Tom for a-allowing me to entertain
you." He started to bow and realized that all of his ass was exposed
when DJ slapped it. "Sweetie I will see you both at the race on
Friday...I wouldn't miss this for the world." DJ kissed Mary and shook
Toms hand and led her slaves from the room and small look of pity
tossed to the recovering NuBaby. "TAAAAAAAAAAA ALLLLLLL!!!!"

Mary and Tom sat and relaxed talking to Bear...it had been a while
since they had seen him. Bear settled on the couch and idly played
with his slaves cunt, getting her hotter and hotter as he talked. "You
have found the pet you wanted then?" "I was just talking to Mary about
that, she is trainable and worth keeping for a while, but the choice
to stay is still hers." Karen did not look up from where she knelt,
but found she was hopeful that they would keep her. "It is good then,
you have searched long and hard for a slut who could handle the pain
you give. To be a good slave she must want to serve you...not just be
forced." Karen's mind wrapped around Bears words and considered
them...did she want to serve, to bear the pain they would give her and
the humiliation, she had never thought about it quite that way....she
knew that she had been curious, and had needs she didn't
understand...but...this...this was different. she had always heard
that the sub or bottom controlled the scene, but that was not what she
had found here....here what she wanted, needed was of no concern to
them, it was what they wanted and they had begun to teach her to need
what they gave her. Karen listened as they talked about her as if she
was not here, and found comfort in that...she didn't know why,
but...it...seemed...right somehow. Karen looked over at the groaning
NuBaby...she had come here expecting some of the treatment she had
gotten, but NuBaby had not...but they were both property...only one
having the option to leave...but...her mind questioned..would NuBaby
grow used to it, did she too want the same things, or..would she fight
every step of the way. Her eyes quickly dropped as Tony re-entered the
room.

Her mind focused on the conversation again, but she could feel the
hunger rising deep in her soul...in her flesh. Slowly she slid to her
belly before Tom and Mary and began to whimper like a puppy. Pressing
her mouth to Mary's foot she began to lick and suck at it.  The
conversation continued without break as Mary raised her foot a little
and the girl began to debase herself. her cunt began to grind against
the floor. She did not realize that anyone watched her, as she
submitted to her need and sought to please them.

Tony glanced over at the girl and then down at the moaning girl at his
feet. He had fed and watered her, but she showed the signs of her hard
use in the blood and bruises. Reaching down he pulled her up and
lifted her. "I will return shortly I have something to clean up before
it reeks." NuBaby hung over his shoulder afraid to struggle in the
least...to add to the pain she was already suffering was more than she
wanted to do. Tony carried her like a hunk of meat to the bathroom and
tossed her on the steel table. With rapid efficiency he secured her
and then began to was and scrub her out. There was none of the care
shown that he gave Karen. Karen belonged to Tom and Mary and their
dictates for her flesh was a consideration, but this cunt was
his...and no one said that a bath had to be fun. Turning the water on
hot he rinsed the moaning girl down, her flesh reddening quickly under
the heat. Using a fuller brush for the toilet he soaped it up with an
antibacterial soap and shoved it into her cunt scrubbing the tender
abraded tissues clean. If the girl had not been bound she would have
launched herself through the walls from the pain. Taking the cold
water hose he forced it into her ass...no pretty pretty enema for this
one, only a cold water flushing. Nu's screams as the water ran
freezing into and out of her ass, echoed through the room. By the time
Tony finished cleaning up his slave, there was not an inch of NuBaby's
body that was not screaming in pain, scalded, and frozen, she lay
dripping, tears running from her face. He had one area left to clean,
and he knew she could use the water as well. Forcing the hose that had
just been in her ass into her clamped open mouth he turned it on
low...she had little choice but to swallow or drown. At first it was
pleasant...she was at least getting something clean and cold to drink,
but soon she began to struggle, as her belly filled and began to
cramp. Sans the use of her tongue, mouth or hands she could not eject
the hose as slowly but surely her belly swelled under the overfill.
Tony stroked the belly rising before him...at long last the girls
stomach was taut and swollen to the point she looked 4 months
pregnant. Her groans of pain as he removed the hose, began to stiffen
his cock. Drawing on the skills Mary had taught him, he slowly
catheterized her urethra and clamped it off..she would have no way to
relieve the pressure until it pleased him. finally he released the
girl only to flip her over on her distended belly and bind her hands
behind her. Wrapping his fingers in her hair, he forced her off the
table and onto the floor to kneel. "I bet you would like to rest
tonight cunt....well you will" Dragging the screaming girl by the hair
to the playroom, Tony showed her the bed he had prepared for her. 

Carefully he secured her wrists cuffed behind her to the overhead
chains raising them until NuBaby thought her arms would be wrenched
from their sockets. Tony then pushed over a pole topped with a thick
spiked dildo. The spikes were rubber but would not be pleasant. Midway
on the poles shaft were two dowels. Lifting the girl he forced her
cunt down on the dildo, her feet scrambling for purchase on the
dowels. Tony cuffed her feet to the pole so that she could not
dismount and then adjusted the overhead chain. If she slid down she
would dislocate her arms, if she managed to stay upright the dildo
would not be forced further inside to impale her, but the dowel would
soon wear on her feet. She would be suspended between heaven and hell
all night. She might if she were lucky manage a moments sleep here and
there, but Tony was betting she wouldn't. NuBaby shook knowing the
peril she was in...and knowing there was no escape, one way or the
other she would inflict damage on herself.

Her attention was briefly distracted as Mary and Tom arrived leading
Karen and Jessann, Bear closed the door behind them. "I agree Tom the
girls really should get some rest...hmmm now where shall I put this
feather brained slut of mine...ahhh perfect!" Bear wandered over to
the corner and pulled a large iron bird cage free "Just the perfect
perch for the slut." Jessann cringed...she could see that the cage was
not designed with her comfort in mind, and she could also see from the
look on her Masters face that he was not overly concerned that she
sleep well. Pulling the girl over he forced her in through the small
door of the cage. She barely had enough room to stand...there was
definitely not enough room to curl up and sleep. A parrot she was not.
As she stood the top of the cage pressed upon her head. Drawing her
wrists through the bars Bear secured them to the cage and repeated the
method with her ankles. She would sleep standing spread eagle. But he
was not finished with her...her mons came barely to the cross piece of
the cage, finding a thick wooden dowel he pushed it from one side to
the other, her cunt spread open and resting on the wood, the feathers
of the duster poofing out behind her ass. "The perfect perch for a
beaked bimbo." Mary, Tom and Tony glanced over and laughed "Too bad
she can't sing...she could put these two to sleep."

Tom and Mary had set about settling their own slave for sleep...They
had decided that she would spend the night in some little comfort.
Taking her over to a pole they secured her hands just above her head.
Mary wrapped a wire spiked sleeve around the pole at chest height.
Karen's eyes rolled as Tom secured her waist tight to the pole...to
keep her tits from the spikes she had to lean her chest back curving
her ass and shoulders outward. Tom knelt for a moment and she could
feel him cuffing her feet, then to her shock he jerked them upward and
secured their chains to the same bar holding her hands. Her tits
rammed into the spikes and she yelped in pain as they pricked into the
skin. Desperate she leaned backwards, curving her body, her weight
born on wrists, waist and ankle. 

Patting their slaves and looking around the room in satisfaction, The
four remaining sadists smiled....it was a pretty picture indeed.




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			25. Morning Is Broken...and so

None of the girls got much in the way of sleep that night, each
movement to correct or ease the strain of their positions snapping
them wide awake. Jessanns perch seemed to dig deeper and deeper into
her cunts, spreading the lips painfully. Her arms grew weary within
their bindings, soft whimpers fell sweetly from her lips, a caged bird
in a not so gilded cage. During the moments she was awake she promised
anything, to bear anything, to never shame her Master again, but the
words fell only upon the ears of the other tortured slaves.

NuBaby writhed upon the stake and spiked dildo that cleaved her flesh,
her arms and shoulders screaming and burning, there was little on the
girl that did not hurt from her use during the day. She had been
grateful that her feet had been spared any torment, but now braced,
trying to hold her weight up, the dowels imprinted themselves in the
arches.  During the night, she had slept only 30 minutes at most, and
her mind and body were exhausted. More than the residual pain however,
NuBabys mind was drawn back over and over to the pain in her distended
belly from the water, and the ever growing need she had to pee. A need
no longer in her control, but subject to the clamped catheter. If Tony
had walked in at that very second she would have begged for the chance
to relieve herself...instead she could only hang and suffer.

Karen would have traded places with either of them, her body curved in
a low slung circle strained her back muscles. Her tits dripped blood
to the floor beneath her where her weight had pressed the spikes into
the tender flesh. Karen's mind in its coherent moments wondered more
about herself and the growing need within her. She was thirsty, but
did not crave water or even coffee, growing hungry and began to think
fondly of her food dish and the canned food it held, thought not of
the bathroom, but of the joy of being walked by Tom or Mary. Sharply
she pulled her mind away, she was a college educated, working
woman...but...the way they made her clit feel, the thrill that ran
through her flesh when they praised her.... Slowly she drifted in and
out of sleep, unaware that Mary's training techniques were robbing her
of her volition, teaching her that pleasing them was more important
than anything else in her life, more that it was the soul focal point
for her own pleasure.

Tom and Mary had talked as they prepared for bed...deciding the girls
fate. "She brought me her selection Mary, the heaviest crop we own and
parted herself for the touch from it. She voluntarily sought my
piss...What more proof do we need that she is ours?" "I understand
that Tom, and she has made remarkable progress...but no more than we
could expect from any masochist or sub anywhere. She is going to have
to beg for the ultimate sign of ownership. Right now sleep and rest
and she could well slip right back through our fingers...jumping the
plane back home and never looking back." "But will she know what she
needs to do?...Hell I'm not even sure what you want from her Mary."
"If you insist on rushing it, I will set it up in the morning,
but...we could lose." Tom climbed into bed with his wife and held
her...both of them lost in thought. "She has to chose Tom, I'm sorry,
but it is the only time if she does chose us she will be allowed
to...it has to be of her own free will." "I am sure you are right
dear, you always are." Tom pulled his wife close and snuggled them
both to sleep.

Morning came too soon for the resting sadist and not nearly soon
enough for the exhausted tormented slave flesh in the playroom. With
little sound the four stood in the doorway and watched their slaves in
their beds. Jessann slumped in her cage, a rictus of pain on her face.
Both NuBaby and Karen hung limp, barely aware of their surroundings.
"GOOD MORNING Bitches! I trust you have rested well through the
night?" Mary's chipper voice snapped them awake and she was met with a
chorus of groans, moans and whimpers. Enjoying the first cup of coffee
for the day, they entered the room and wandered over to their toys.
Mary's hand tickled and trailed in the blood on Karen's breasts as she
sipped.  Bear finished his in one gulp and set about releasing
Jessanns cunt from the perch. "There now you can use the cage like the
feather head you are." Jessann shivered, the pain in her groin making
her fear what she needed to do....finally tentatively she released her
urine, splattering the paper below. A blush rushed over her chest and
face as her Master watched what she had once thought of as a private
function. "HAH! No you look like Robin Red Breast...maybe you should
sing for your supper!"

Tony saw the look of avarice that NuBaby gave his cup of coffee. She
could smell the aroma drifting to her, and drooled. It had been over
24 hours since her last cup. Smiling he held the cup up to her braced
mouth tilting it so that the girl had some hope that she would get a
sip of the heavenly brew. She did not care that she would not be able
to fully enjoy it, but GOD IT SMELLS SOOOOOOOOOOO
GOOOOOOOOOOD.....Tony's eyes flicked and he spilled a splash of the
hot brew onto her chest. Her scream of outrage and pain as she
squirmed on the impaling spike made his smile...she would learn that
he Master treated her well at his whim. Finally he reached up and
began to release her, one arm supporting her, but allowing her to drop
an inch for his fun. Dropping her to the floor, he kicked her over on
her back and pressed his foot down on her bladder. "Well bitch ready
to give in? I really don't care if you do, I like having you fight
back....It will make it that much more fun when you finally learn your
place. NuBaby fought his weight on her bladder, her eyes closed in
pain as it felt like her bladder would rupture under the pressure.
"Tell me little Sureibu....do you NEED to go to the bathroom? Grind
against my foot for yes." Nu could take no more, her body having had
no rest, poor food, and foul messes only to drink, save the water
overfilling her bladder now, ground against the foot pinning her.
"Good slut, then present your ass to me for fucking and I will think
about letting you piss." He lifted his foot and waited for a moment,
then pressed back down on the bladder harder. "Not ready yet bitch?"
Nu's screams ripped from her throat....and she ground herself upward
against his shoe. He lifted it again and she rolled as quickly as she
could to her swollen gut, and then fought to rise to her knees.
Finally she was spread open for his rape of her ass, but she was not
prepared for the pain that washed over her. Tony had dismounted the
spiked dildo and rammed it fully into her ass with one push. The girl
shook with the pain as she was forced from the room and towards the
bathroom.

Mary and Tom helped Karen down, their hands stroking and soothing the
girls tormented muscles and  flesh. Gently they eased to pain from
them and Mary checked the punctures from the spikes. Satisfied that
the slave was basically sound they clipped her leash on and led her
from the room on her hands and knees...to be walked down to the pen.
They kept up a running chatter as they walked her...allowing her to
move slowly and work the kinks out of her muscles.  Karen's mind
buzzed, enjoying the early morning cool air and the gentle dew upon
the lawn as she followed them down. Reaching the pen they let her
loose inside and watched as she relieved herself. Tom took care of the
necessary cleaning, and removing her from the pen, led her down to the
stream. "Go take a swim girl...good bitch." Karen hesitated as they
removed the collar and leash. She had not been without the weight in a
week and it felt strange. "Go on bitch...its ok...go swimming."
Fearing a trick but looking at the merrily babbling stream, Karen
edged into the chilled water and began to relax as it flowed over her
tenderized flesh. Tom and Mary laughed at the confusion on the girls
face as she swam into the middle of the stream. Stripping off their
own clothing they both dived into the rapidly rushing water and swam
over to Karen. Gently they teased her into playing, splashing her and
dunking each other. The girl never dared to look up at them, but dove
under and licked at their groins, and pulled at their legs in play. 

Time passed and they grew tired and chilled. Mary nodded to Tom, Tony
should have things set up by now. It was time. The girls was relaxed
and refreshed...

Tony had been busy indeed. After relieving his cunt of her water and
bathing her....he chained her to the steel table in the kitchen and
set about fulfilling Mary's orders. NuBaby could smell the breakfast
cooking, bacon and ham, cheese omelets and fresh powder biscuits. Her
stomach rumbled and protested its emptiness..but she held out little
hope for so much as a crumb of proper food. All of the tantalizing
smells tormented her as she knelt chained out of the way. Tony left
the kitchen for a few minutes, and Nu looked up at the table...with a
bit of maneuvering she could see over the top....there...almost within
reach was a plate bearing crisp smoked bacon. Maybe...maybe she could
tease it within reach...she knew she could not chew it, but with work
she could get it down her belly. She strained, pushing her shoulder
into the tables brace and scrabbled on the top with her
fingers....almost...almost....yes...a little bit....The door swung
open ad Tony entered. His eyes caught her fingers touching the food.
Moving swiftly around the table he ripped her head back in
anger..."SLUT! FUCKING WHORE! YOU DARE FUCKING STEAL FOOD?" NuBaby
cried out in his grasp and struggled. His hand slammed against the top
of her head snapping it backwards. "You want your breakfast so bad you
can't wait for your betters to eat SLUT? Fine...I'll give it to you."
Dropping her hair he moved over to the stove and she could hear the
clanking of pots and pans. Oh SHIT...I've done it now...he's gonna
kill me...I didn't even get to taste it. The girl looked up in fear as
the big man came back around the table. Her eyes took in the cold fury
on his face and she prayed for a quick death.

Tony had been planning on feeding her at least one decent meal today,
he had not wanted her to become too weak for him to play with. But he
was angry now, she had tried to steal food. She would learn right now
that unless he gave it to her, she was not to touch it. Gripping her
hair he pulled her head back so that her open clamped mouth pointed
straight up. Slowly he tilted the bowl he held a little off center of
her mouth. Nu's eyes widened then shut in fear, she would not escape
was she saw pouring toward her mouth. Slowly the heated glop edged
from the bowl, a mix of bacon fat, coffee grounds, ground egg shells
and raw egg. Inexorably it stretched and then glopped into the girl
mouth filling it and running down her chin to drip on her tits. NuBaby
struggled in his grip but could not move an inch from under the bowl
that threatened to choke her. Her stomach wretched as the noxious
mixture forced its way down her throat. Finally the bowl was empty and
Tony dropped her head. Retching NuBaby lay with her body curled around
her filth strewn body, she had gotten her coffee and bacon and eggs,
but vowed that if she got out of this alive...she would NEVER touch
them again.

Tony calmed down and carried the food from the room, leaving his toy
to suffer alone. He knew that Mary and Tom would be bringing Karen
back shortly and he needed to have everything ready. Karen was
confused, they had left the collar and leash off her, and only
commanded her to heel behind them as they meandered back toward the
house. She wondered if she had done something wrong, offended them in
some way...she was scared that now that they had given her the need
for what they used her for she would be sent from them. Back to
loneliness, and emptiness.

Tom and Mary led her around to the basement door and opened it,
ushering her inside, they looked once at each other....The test was
here...

The basement was lit brightly, upon a platform rested Karen's luggage
open, on a low table sat breakfast and four chairs. on the floor by
the table stood her food bowl. Bear and Jessann were there...Jessanns
head resting against her Masters lap. He had taken the time to rouge
her tits a bright red and bedeck her in grayish black feathers....he
had named her a robin for the day and she reflected it in her finery.
Not so flashy as the peacock feathers she had worn for the party, but
the red of her tits drew the eyes to them like a target. To the right
of the platform stood a brazier with a rod sticking out of it. Karen
could see the heat rising off of the coals within. A low log had been
placed next to it, with rings set for binding a slave. On the floor in
front of it all was a silver colored metal collar. Karen looked around
in confusion and fear. "Choose Karen...it is the only choice you will
make...stay or go." Mary's voice was soft in the room. Karen looked to
her bowl, and the table, crawled to her luggage to and stroked the
soft fabrics there, her toiletries....stay or go...they want me, but
can i take this life...OH God i need this ...i need the pain, they
have taught me to feel, to fear, to desire...but...but i have a
life...a job, an apartment...freedom... She looked at the
brazier...they mean to brand me if i stay....please...no...i won't be
able to stand it...if they send me away later....oh god i will be
marked for life...but...i can't leave...there is nothing for me back
there...

Tom and Mary watched the girl, they could see the play of emotions and
fear on her face...the way her fingers lingered over the
dresses...things that if she stayed she would wear only to amuse
them...Mary's hand stole into Toms. Bear watched this was a moment and
test that few ever passed voluntarily. He knew the girl would be
committing herself to a lifetime of hell and degradation if she chose
to stay...was the need strong enough in her? The air stood still in
the room. With longing Karen looked at the table of food, knowing her
fare would be canine...the clothes that called her...bubble baths,
instead of scrubbings and enemas, bathrooms and privacy, work and
lonely evenings in front of the TV or computer...instead of pain and
piss, serving as the lowest of all creatures.

Tentatively she moved toward the collar...to recoil back towards her
clothes and old life....her body locked in war with herself. Mundane
or mutilation, dress or degradation, self or slavery. Finally her hand
reached outward and she chose, her body shaking with the tension and
choice. 

Turning she raised the collar to Mary and Tom.




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			26. First Day of A New Life

Karen could feel the knot in her belly as she knelt before them the
collar raised in her hands. Her body fed to her the pains and aches of
the things they had done, the weight of the rings in her cunt lips and
clit, the pricks from the spikes in her breasts, but more than any of
the numerous pains, she felt the hunger, the need boiling in her soul
and loins. Waves of fear washed over her, she knew that once the
choice was made, there was no going back. More than the fear of the
unknown, of what she had chosen, was the fear that they would not keep
her...that she was not good enough.

Silently Mary and Tom looked down on the slave they had won and begun
to mold. A tear trembled at the corner of Mary's eye. Tom felt the
same elation he received when he first took over a faltering company
and began to turn it around. With a hand that shook, Tom took the
collar from the girls hands, feeling the hesitation before she
released it. He looked at the metal and back at the girl. There was no
lock to the collar, once soldered on it would be a permanent symbol of
her enslavement. Gently Mary bent and raised the girl face, smiling as
her eyes automatically closed. Her lips brushed the girls forehead.
Karen did not understand the mix of emotions the raced through her, a
thrill as Mary's lips touched her, fear as the collar was taken, joy,
happiness, sadness at the life left behind, all roiled across her.
"Heel bitch.." Mary walked toward the platform. Karen hesitated for a
moment and then followed her Mistress. 

Mary led her to the platform and gently urged her up on it...Karen
knelt with her head low, her eyes casting fearfully at the burning
brazier and back to the floor. Stepping up behind her Tom slide the
collar around her throat, holding the ends open to keep from scrapping
the flesh. She could feel the weight of it, not great, only a few
ounces at best, but heavy with the import of what it symbolized.
Tenderly he pressed her forehead to the floor and raised her hair out
of the way. Sliding a damp sponge between her neck and the collar, he
laid a solder line where the collar ends met. Mary handed him the
soldering gun, and he carefully sealed the ends together. Karen could
feel the heat even through the sponge, and shivered as her clit
responded to the sealing of her collar.

Bear rose from the table and walked over to the platform leaving the
trembling Jessann behind. He had crafted the branding iron for Tom and
Mary nearly a year ago. Stainless steel it had taken days of work to
bring the design to life.

"You have chosen cunt, there is no going back, there will never be
freedom again, you are ours." Mary's voice was soft but warm in the
basements air. "You will bear our brand that any who see you will know
what you are and to whom you belong. Your soul existence is as our
toy, our plaything...pain-slut, toilet, pet, whatever we decree for
you, you will be." Toms words rolled over the shaking girl.
"Disobedience will not be tolerated, punishment is at our whim, you
will never speak again, but you will scream for our pleasure. Your
tears will be our drink, your flesh our playing field, you have no
life no existence but what we permit." Karen studied the floor, her
mind buzzing in turmoil. She had signed her fate, when she raised the
collar to them...there was no turning back.

"Over the log bitch." with a moan of fear Karen crawled to the log,
carefully draping her body over the heavy piece of wood. It was not so
much a log for the fireplace, but a broad tree stump, heavy with the
weight of its years. Her breast hung down on one side, her knees
barely touching the floor on the opposite. Bear leaned over and
adjusted her position a touch, then secured her legs and arms to the
stump. The last strap a cinch strap was threaded through its clasp on
the other side of her, pumping the lever Bear tightened it over her
waist until she could not move. Karen's breathing grew shallow,
anticipating the pain to come. She could hear them moving about and
the low murmur of their voices, but could not see them. She waited an
eternity...each long moment, anticipating, fearing, the pain that did
not come. The three sadists watched her as she lay there....they had
set out a damp cloth to absorb some of the heat before touching her
skin with the brand. Mary had gathered her medical supplies together
and placed them nearby. Finally they caught the signal they had waited
for, Karen's tense body began to relax as the pain did not come. They
knew that her muscles could not remain rigid long in that position
without tiring.

They have changed their minds...thank you....slowly Karen's muscles
relaxes, loosening, and she began to breath fully. She did not here
the brand slipped from the brazier and wiped on the cloth..only the
pounding of her heartbeat.
AAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
EEEEEEENNNNNNNNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHRRRRRRRR
RRGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHH!!!!
Karen's throat was ripped by the scream as the brand touched and
burned its way into her left ass cheek. Every muscle tried to escape,
but the bonds held. With careful precision Bear had placed the brand
straight down on the girls upper hip and counted to three before
drawing it back again. The girls screams of pain filled the room as
her bladder gave way beneath her. The brand had not only seared flesh
but the soul and mind behind it. They watched as her body twitched in
the bonds, her mind escaping into the relief of blackness. Mary
examined the third degree burn, cleaned the wound with an antiseptic
and immediately covered it with the tannic ointment and  covered it
lightly with a gauze pad. "Your upbringing does you good Bear...all
those years growing up on a cattle ranch have given you a fine hand
with a brand." Bear smiled at the compliment from Mary and unbound the
unconscious girl only to flip her over and reset the bonds her ass
hanging off the stump. Lifting her tits one at a time he used a
pegging rope to twist and tie them tight, the flesh bulging taut in
the light. Turning he placed the brand back in the fire to heat.
Slowly the girl began to regain consciousness...her head rolling
easily as her eyes fluttered open, the burn on her ass throbbing and
screaming at her in pain.

Jessann huddled by the table, her eyes shut. She could smell the
stench of burned flesh, and the scream had ripped at her own soul.
Finally she looked up as Bear turned the girl over and secured her.
She could see the glint in his eyes as the pleasure of the branding
washed over him. Her stomach ill, she shuddered in fear...would he
brand her this way..mark her as his own....oh god...please...tell me
he doesn't want to do that to me. Her heart leaped into her mouth as
Bear looked over at her. Suddenly she felt less like the cocky robin
and a little more like the soon to be cooked goose. A groan of pain
escaped Karen's lips as she fought her way back into the light.
Dazedly she became aware of her new position. Mary and tom stood above
her looking down, her glazed eyes pointed at them but unseeing.
Checking her pulse, Mary nodded and they stepped back. Slowly it
dawned on the dazed girl, her new position, her painfully bound tits,
and she began to thrash hysterically against her bonds. Bear loomed
over her, the branding iron glowing white hot in his hand. Karen's
eyes locked onto the brand as it seemed large enough to sear her whole
body at one time. Slowly it lowered toward her passing from view as it
neared her turgid tit flesh. Her eyes focused on the furry wrist
holding it. She could feel the heat enveloping the cringing
flesh...her mind denying desperately what was about to happen. Bear
aimed carefully, the brand needed to sit right at the top of the tit
flesh where it would be visible and out of the way for further
torture. Finally sure that his angle was just right, he plunged the
slowly cooling brand into the meat of her left tit, holding it for a
count of two and pulling it from the flesh. The brand seemed to grip
the flesh before releasing its searing touch.
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
EEEEEEEEENNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN!!!!!!

Karen fainted, her body and mind overwhelmed for the second time as
her flesh was engulfed in the fires of hell. Bear released the straps
as Mary treated the second degree burn, leaving it open to the air to
heal, She would cover it later, but for now she wanted the girl to see
the brand, to not only know it marked her soul and mind as theirs, but
to actually look upon the visible mark and know fully and completely
there was no going back. Lowering the slave to the floor, they covered
her and allowed her to regain her senses on her own. Finally they
wandered over to the breakfast table  to eat. Jessann shook as her
Master approached. Bear looked down at the small blonde slave dressed
as a robin and laughed. That laugh did nothing to comfort her. Bear
fixed her a bowl of food and placed it before her, Jessann looked
sadly up at the table where she could smell the bacon and biscuits,
eggs and other delights and back at her bowl. Sadly she bent to peck
at the cracked corn mush, milk and crumbled bread that he decided was
to be her fare today. Mary and Tom kept an eye on their slave,
exhausted from so many nights of sleep depravation and the strain or
the branding she had gone from a dead faint to a natural sleep without
waking. Her body barely stirred but soft moans of pain escaped her
lips. With an air of nonchalance that they did not feel, they finished
their breakfast, and scraped some scarps into Karen's bowl, mixing it
thoroughly with the canned dog food. Their attention was drawn back to
the girl as she began to thresh about in a nightmare, jerking herself
awake. Quickly they rose from the table and went to her. 

Karen's eyes snapped open her mouth ready to scream in pain again as
she woke from the nightmare of being branded....it had to be a
nightmare...no one would really mark another human that
way...no...NONONONONONONONONONO, the pain washed over her flesh
renewed as she moved and rolled onto her ass.  Mary and Tom bracketed
the girl quickly, gripping her wrists as she began to flail about.
With efficiency born of long practice, Tom secured her wrists behind
her and rolled her onto her knees. Karen's eyes rolled wildly as the
pain consumed her, her stomach retching emptily. Mary forced her head
down between her knees, her grip painful in the girls hair as her head
cleared. "Good girl, easy girl...it's all over...your
ok....shhhhhhhhhh....easy..easy...good bitch." Karen's sobs were heart
wrenching as she gave into all of the emotions and pain she had born
for the past week. In shock she looked down at the burn in her swollen
tit, the flesh enflamed by the burn there.....slowly her eyes made out
the brand...an ornate T laid over an equally ornate M with three small
ovals attaching the word slave in block letters. The brand was 2" in
diameter. Through tear filled and reddened eyes she looked at her
status burned high on her breast for any to see. She could never go
back...no one seeing the scars would ever see her as a mother, or a
lover, only a bitch slut to be used and abused. Tom drew her head into
his lap and her mouth opened to take his cock in, drawing comfort from
her Master as she took the last step over the threshold into slavery.

As the girl began to calm down under the stroking and soft words Mary
nodded to Bear. Bear looked down at his pet and sent her to carry the
bowl of food over to Mary. Placing the bowl on her back she was told
to crawl over to them. If she dropped the bowl, Jessann knew that Bear
would insure it never happened again. Carefully she crawled over to
the platform and chirped to let them know she was there. She had felt
Bears eyes on her tail feathers every slow step of the way. Closer to
the softly sobbing slave she could see the brand livid on the tit
flesh. How could she stand it....how did she ever permit something
like this to be done to her. Jessann had elected to serve her Master,
but knew deep inside, that she would have few choices in her own
subservience to him. She could feel his chains and lures wrapping
tighter about her each day. He had belittled and humiliated her at
each turn, teasing and tormenting her, decorating her flesh as a bird
and mocking her...but steadily she had begun to wonder with all that
she had seen and experienced over the weekend, what it felt like to be
that helpless that much in someone else's control. Could she have
withstood the pain, would it have left her a mindless wreck...or
shivering in the orgasms and rapture she had seen the other girls go
through. Speculatively she glanced over at Bear...to find him watching
her. With a shudder she dropped her eyes....he couldn't read her
mind...could he?

"Bitch eat." The command drew Karen's attention and she started to
move from her Masters cock to her Mistress' lap..only to be held tight
in Toms control. Her eyes danced in fear...she couldn't disobey...then
she caught sight of the dainty fingers of her Mistress offering a
chunk of dog food to her, the meat coated in egg and bacon. Opening
her mouth she fed for the first time as a complete slave. She chewed
and swallowed each mouthful as it was offered, licking the fingers
clean each time. At long last the bowl was empty, as the girl rested
exhausted still in her Masters arms. Mary stood up and raised her
skirt. "Bitch....drink." This time Tom released her and she rose to
her knees plastering her mouth to her Mistress' cunt and sucking
gently. Her burned and pierced flesh screamed in pain, but she barely
hesitated...the brand had marked more than her flesh slave, but her
very soul...she needed to please.

Tony listened to the screams of pain from the basement and smiled down
at NuBaby. She lay still bound to the table, her stomach sick from the
foul mix she had been fed, every part of her hurting. As Tony leaned
down she shrunk from his hand, her mind fighting her bodies instinct
to flee, knowing she could neither escape the chains that bound her to
the immovable table nor his wrath if she tried. Her eyes closed as he
brushed his hand gently against her face. Confusion reigned supreme
within her...a gentle touch....she had been prepared for excruciating
pain....the touch undid her resolve and she began to weep. All of the
fear and pain and anger spilled forth from her eyes, her
semi-permanently open mouth emitting deep heart felt sobs. Gently Tony
petted the oriental girl easing her around so that her ass rested
against his lap. His hands tenderly stroked her flesh, soothed it as
she gave way to her emotions. Blinded by the tears and her position
she could not see the fleeting smile cross his face, she could not
know that he had learned well from Mary and Tom, only that for the
first time in days she was being treated with gentleness and kindness.
Gently he began to lower her to the cool floor, his hands stroking and
easing her flesh into relaxing....'Good Sureibu....good slut...let it
out...all that pain...yesss....release it." Gripping her hips in
sudden fury he plunged his hard cock into her dry ass "SO I CAN FILL
YOU WITH MORE PAIN CUNT." NuBaby pinned could only scream as he rent
her asshole wide..forcing his way inside the already swollen ring, his
fingers digging deep into her hip flesh pulling her back against him
as he sunk his teeth deep into the flesh at the bottom of her neck.
The savaged girl exploded in animal fury and pain, her body bucking
and fighting every rasping raping thrust of his hips, her small feet
kicking at any part of him she could reach, to no avail, for every
buck forced him deeper. 

Tony smiled...life with a toy was good....Maybe Miss would help him
with a small project he had in mind...her surgical skills could be
very very handy......




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

	27. Another Day, Another Dungeon

NuBaby lay weeping where he had discarded her, the girl could barely
move from the pain in her ass and cunt, but still conscious. Grabbing
her hair, Tony wiped his filthy cock off on her face, being sure to
smear some under her nose. He wanted the girl to know what she was,
less than the filth under his feet, a disposable toy. Once she could
truly know that she would be his, for then her total existence would
center around pleasing him, placating him, if only to survive. He
reached over and spread the sobbing girls ass and smiled down at the
swollen asshole leaking blood and cum. Satisfied that he had hurt her
he wandered off to start setting up supper.

Karen huddled on the platform where her owners had left her, her mind
caught in examining the pain and the need for it. Tom and Mary had
decided to let the girl rest a bit before enjoying her flesh. She was
a bit feverish from her bodies response to the branding and needed a
little time to recover. Mary used the time to set up her surgical
area...there were a few more modifications she wanted to make, to keep
Karen fully under her control. Tom left the basement and returned with
paper and a pen. There was something that needed doing to cut Karen
from her former life. Kneeling by the bitch he handed her the pen and
paper. "Ok cunt....time for you to break your ties. Write what I say."
Karen pulled her body painfully up and bowed her head over the paper. 

"The first gets addressed to your employer:"

"Attention Personnel: 
This Fax and subsequent letter by post is to tender my resignation
from your firm. I do not expect to return, and will use my vacation
time in lieu of 2 weeks notice. Thank you 

Sincerely Karen Parker." 

Dutifully Karen wrote what she had been told, her mind numb not
questioning her lack of feeling about leaving a job she had held for
10 years on short notice. Karen handed the paper with her signature
back to her Master, and waited pen in hand as he slid another sheet
before her. Toms hand caressed the girls face and she pressed her lips
to it.

"To: Hudson Management Co.

I Karen Parker of 5492 South Hudson St, apt.10E, do hereby relinquish
my lease to said apartment. Please retain the security deposit in lieu
of the months notice required. I will be sending movers and cleaning
people by during the week to remove my possessions.

Thank you
Karen Parker"

A tear ran down her face as she obeyed, she had grown up in that
apartment, it had been her first since leaving home. She knew that it
was unlikely that she would see any of her things, but that they would
be disposed of or stored. Her hand shook a little as she signed the
paper. Tom placed a last set of papers before her...these already
typed and filled in, requiring only her signature. She read the
heading...Personal Employment Contract. Her flesh goose bumped as she
read the contract. It promised no remuneration, save room, board and
health care to include dental. Moreover she was listed as a personal
maid to Miss and Sir on permanent call night or day, days of rest to
be determined weekly. It agreed to her wearing the uniform selected
for her (she knew that would mean nothing in the way of clothing most
times) and ran in perpetuity until they dismissed her. Karen's soul
shrank, knowing that it might say employment, but it was a slave
contract. It gave her "employers" complete control over her. She
looked down at her burned tit, and knew they already had it. With
shaking hands she signed the contract where Tom indicated....she was
theirs. Karen handed back the papers and the pen and crossed her arms
under her breasts, only to have Tom pull them apart and secure them
behind her. His eyes traced the brand on her tit and he ran light
fingers over the nipple. Gently he raised her face to him and smiled
as her eyes shut automatically, his lips brushing the mouth that
served him and his wife so well. Tenderly he eased her to her knees
and led her over to where his wife waited.

Mary was gowned in green surgical scrubs a tray of instruments
standing next to her. Tom picked up the terrified slave and sat her on
the table. Unbinding her wrists, her forced her to lay back on the
table, listening to the hiss and squeal as the padded brand made
contact. He drew her hands above her head and secured them tightly
with cuffs and then ran other straps across forehead, throat, above
and below her chest. After checking to make sure they were tightly in
place and would hold the girl, he bent to secure her feet, drawing
them back on either side of the table and chaining them to the wrist
cuffs, taking a turn around the table base to meet the other ankle
cuff. Karen moaned under the strained position, her body fully open
and helpless. Her eyes rolled wildly in her head as she tried to
understand what they were going to do to her. Bear and Jessann
watched, Jessann taking quick peeks at her Master to gauge his
reactions.

Tom liberally painted Karen's belly, mons and cunt with alcohol, and
then betadine, finally laying a sterile drape over her body, leaving
only the pubes and belly exposed. Mary had decided that if Karen had
accepted her slavery today and was branded she would complete the last
major modification of the girls body at the same time. This would
allow her to heal all at one time, as she would not be in shape to be
used heavily until she did. Pragmatically she figured why have to wait
twice. Quickly she attached a blood pressure monitor and pulsometer to
the girl, then brought over an IV pole and a bag of ringers and
dextrose solutions. Taking a large gauge catheter, Mary once again
removed control of Karen's bladder from her, leading the catheter down
to a collection bag. Pulling the drape down and exposing the unbranded
right tit, she gripped the flesh firmly and searched for a good vein.
Karen's mind raced, she could see the pole and feel the grip on her
tit . . . God please..tell me...no Mistress...i will be good...not
there
...nnnnnnnnnoooooooooooooooooooooooopllllleeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaseeeeeeee...
her body was not even able to move as Mary forced the needle slowly
into her tit to puncture the vein. Karen's scream raced through the
basement as Mary replaced the syringe with a heparin lock and attached
the IV. Picking up another syringe she injected a relaxant into the
join, allowing it to drip slowly into the girl. Karen's mind began to
grow fuzzy as the drug to effect. Her drifting mind struggled to make
sense of the words her Mistress was speaking..."Good bitch..now that
we own you...it is time to spay you. Neither Tom nor I want our
pleasures delayed by your menses or a pregnancy." spay? what is
...pregnancy? The powerful drug pulled her mind under as she tried to
make sense of the words...Tom rolled over and oxygen tank at looped a
mask over her face as the words finally penetrated...

Mary checked to make sure the girl was relaxed but not too far
under...she wanted to enjoy this as she worked. Efficiently she
scrubbed up and checked her instruments. She had done many partial and
full hysterectomies during her training, but had never been able to
indulge herself, with a sedated but conscious female. Picking up her
scalpel she began working, cutting and clamping off bleeders as she
exposed the inside of the screaming girls belly. Karen's mind
struggled to shake off the drug sedating her, as she felt a violation
of her body she had never dreamed of ever feeling. She could feel
every movement as Mary lifted her uterus free and began to separate it
from her cervix and its anchors. Tears streamed down her face as the
pain lanced through her when her ovaries where clamped off and
removed. Her throat was raw from screaming as she faded into
unconsciousness. Mary smiled as her hands nearly operated on their
own, her eyes checking the girls pulse and blood pressure, catching as
Tom replaced the IV bags, and injected various solutions at her barked
command. Finally the pristine uterus and ovaries lay in the steel
basin beside her, and she began to close... checking constantly for
bleeders, pleased to see that her stitching had not suffered over the
years. There would be a barely visible scar, but little else. She
looked down at the unconscious girl and smiled, she could feel the cum
coating her own legs. It had been as satisfying as she had hoped, and
looked forward to other possible procedures in the future. She snapped
off her bloody gloves and discarded them, going to the refrigerator
and bringing back an antibiotic pack to hang. The thicker drug would
be painful entering the girls tit, but...that's what slaves were for.
Mary looked over her shoulder to Bear and turned around laughing. The
huge man had his slave by the hair and was fanning her
frantically...the girl had fainted at the first cut. Mary checked her
toy again and decided to let her come out from under naturally, she
would sleep for a while.

A faint scream made it through the closed basement door. Bear, Mary
and Tom looked up and decided to go and see what Tony was up to. Bear
left his slave laying limp on the floor and mounted the stairs behind
them. Following the screams of pain they found Tony in the playroom
with his slave.

NuBaby was suspended upside down, her legs spread wide apart, her mons
eye level with Tony's face. They could see that Tony had embedded fish
hooks through the labia and stretched a thin wire between them to the
ankle cuffs holding the girls cunt open. Her arms were cuffed tightly
behind her and her body twisted and writhed in mid air as she screamed
in pain. Tony had a look of bliss on his face as he slowly ran skewers
through the girls muscles...a thin line of smoke could be seen rising
between NuBabys legs and Mary had to look twice before she saw the
cigarette resting on the girls cunt. NuBaby looked like a metal
porcupine, the thin wires sticking out all over her body and crossing
through her tits. Tony stepped back and looked over his handy work
then moved away only to return carrying a small battery pack with
alligator clips. Hooking one of the clips to a skewer embedded in her
tit, he touched the other to various points on the girls suffering
body. "Keep the cigarette in place cunt or it goes IN YOUR PUSSY!"

NuBaby's throat was raw from screaming, her body jerking under the
electrical shocks , the cigarette sinking into the tender flesh of her
cunt.....AIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEENNNNNNNNNNNNNN
NNNNNNNNNAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO,
every muscles jumped in a St. Vitas dance as the pain lashed through
her body, finally she was blessed with darkness, her body hanging limp
and unresponsive. Tony picked up the cigarette and puffed the coal to
red hot. eyeing the sweet oriental flesh hanging before him, he looked
up at the Three sadists watching and ground the cigarette out on her
tit. 

Mary wandered over and checked to make sure the girl had not expired.
"Hmmm those cunt lips are going to need a bit of stitching, she did a
number on them. Help yourself to the burn ointment Tony, that is a
nasty nasty burn, and I am sure you want her to heal well so that you
can torture that pretty little snoopy cunt again." Tony nodded and
smiled, his hands playing over the skewers in the girls flesh...he had
been careful to avoid vital organs, but he thought she could use a day
or so to recover...then again...maybe not.

"Karen is going to be laid up for a little and need a bit of
care....chain her to the waterbed in the small bedroom. I don't want
her to pull her stitches out." 'Ahhh then Miss and Sir are happy? She
accepted her slavery...unlike this slut?" Mary Laughed as Tom waved
the papers..."Signed, sealed with a brand...and delivered..."




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

				28. Exodus

"YOU are becoming a liability boy...you are letting your position go
to your head..." FX glanced over at Dude as he coaxed the car onto the
freeway. "You think I keep you around for your looks? Well ok, for
them to, but I am getting tired of your stubbornness. Keep this up and
I send you right back where I found you." Dude shuddered, the last
thing he wanted was to return to his parents house in Chicago...he
liked Ca., the warmth, the men and women, the sunshine...and he liked
not having to work for a living. FX made more than enough acting for
them to live if not extravagantly...well. Dude sighed...he knew he was
attracted to women, and to men as well, but there were very few women
who would support him. Nor were their many among his acquaintances
that would accommodate his tastes. With a resigned sigh he placed his
hand in FX's lap, brushing his fingers along his cock. FX glanced over
and watched Dudes face...seeing more there than most would have...his
heart was not in it. What to do with property that thinks its
equal...hmmm. "Tell you what...we get near home..lets cruise a little"
Dude said nothing merely nodded as he manipulated FX through his
pants.

Twenty minutes later they pulled up in the parking lot across from the
"D-Ring" nightclub. FX grinned as he recognized a few of the cars in
the lot and got out. Dude looked at the club and then back at FX as he
rose from the car. He had never been to this club with FX before...and
did not particularly like the part of town they were in. Save for a
few men necking with other men and women standing around petting,
there was no one on the street. Most of the businesses were either
boarded up or heavily gated. Dude followed FX into the dimly lit club,
his nostrils flaring as he encountered the smoky air inside heavily
charged with the smell of rampant sex. FX sent him over to the bar to
bring back a couple of drinks while he tried to claim a table. The
music and lights kept a primitive beat as dancers on the floor ground
their various same sex body parts together. 

FX watched Dude head to the bar and then turned spotting a friend of
his...gliding over to claim a dirty but empty table, he stopped and
whispered in the mans ear. A hearty laugh burst from the young Latino
as he glanced to where Dude stood at the bar. FX slapped his shoulder
and went over to clear and claim the waiting table. Dude brought the
drinks back and they engaged in small talk as FX looked around the
room. His eyes wandered over a few young males, and he pointed them
out to Dude. He missed the gleam in Dudes eyes as he turned to look.

Dude obediently stood and wandered over to where the young men stood
chatting, and joined their conversation.

Chuck followed DebiJean and rabidchia from the house moving very
carefully. His eyes took in the brand New 1997 Kia that DebiJean
walked toward and grew worried...he was an awfully big man to fit into
such a small car. The Koreans did not build with American frames in
mind. He waited quietly as DJ lodged Chia in the front seat, and
groaned as she popped the trunk latch gesturing for him to climb in.
Chucks eyes took in the typical clutter of the truck, tire, jack,
bondage equipment, and wondered fearfully how he was to fit his 6'3
body in the cramped space. DJ grew impatient and grabbed his bound
cock pulling him to the rear of the car and pushing him in. Smiling
evilly at him she dropped the lid, leaving him to squirm as best he
could into an arrangement with the clutter. Unfortunately a bit more
of him extended above the level of the latch and she had to jump on it
to force the latch to catch. The muffled scream of pain as his waist
was forced down on the tire jack made her smile. It was only a two
hour drive, he would survive....she hoped.

Chuck prayed that they were only a few minutes from his Mistresses
home, the jack was digging into his side and he was curled around the
tire, his cock and balls bouncing against it as she started the car
and peeled out. His stomach grew sicker as she sped around corners.
Finally the car seemed to climb and his kidney landed on the trunk
latch. The scream of pain made DJ laugh along with Chia as they
rocketed onto the freeway and dodged in and out of traffic. "Hmmm
wonder if the trunk has a exhaust leak...oh well..if it does it does!"
Chia looked at her Mistress with wonder...could she really be so
callous of a slaves life...or was it because it was a male slave. DJ
was a little concerned about chucks safety but knew as long as she
could hear his groans and cries of pain, he was not in trouble. She
could hear him thrashing about in the trunk trying to find some space
for him as well as brace himself. DebiJean spotted a rest area about
45 minutes into the drive and cut across 4 lanes of traffic to turn
into it. Pulling around the back she stepped out of the car and popped
the trunk lid. Chuck groaned and looked up in pain, his large body was
cramped and tormented in the trunk. "OUT!" Slowly, chuck pulled
himself carefully from the trunk extracting his cramped limbs one at a
time from the interior maze. DJ pulled down the sheer red dress to
cover chucks bare taped ass, making sure he was presentable she turned
him around facing the down ramp. "You will meet us near the bottom of
the ramp, take your time and enjoy the air, as you will be going back
into the trunk." Chuck looked at the stretch before him, he could see
trucks parked as the drivers rested and used the facilities. Sooooo
far away to the bottom of the ramp, nearly 500 yards, he would be
exposed. "Oh and don't forget to stop by the men's room and check your
makeup chuck...you look a bit smudged." DJ laughed and jumped into the
car, backing up so quickly that chuck feared for his toes. Sadly he
watched as chias' pale face turned to watch him. He turned to look at
the white brick building where the bathrooms were and swallowed,
feeling the hot piss run down into his belly. Screwing up his courage,
he took the first step toward the bathrooms and completing his
Mistress' orders.

Brandy's eyes stayed on the ground, as Glen loaded Bruno into the car.
The dog barked and bounced all over the back seat as he waited for his
ride. She could not believe that Glen had forced her from the house
naked to the world and her flesh quivered in fear. With a grin he
forced her into the car to lay on the floor face up. Moving around to
the other side, he  gripped her legs and tied the ankles to her wrists
so that she would have to lay with her legs spread. rolling down the
back windows so that Bruno could hang out of them, he got in and
started the car. Brandy lay quietly on the floor her mind chasing
itself in circles. She did not understand why Glen was keeping
her...why they did not just turn the two of them over to the cops, she
began to worry about her friend. She had looked so bad...the one
called Tony was hurting her...would she ever see her again...the
thoughts of the abuse she had seen NuBaby taking turned her mind to
her own burnt thighs and ass as the car sped along. Something moved
between her legs a breath of hot air and her mind was drawn to the
large dog that shared the back of the car with her. Brunos nose
snuffled between her legs as he explored his bitch. Though not quite
as smart as a human he thought man bitches were better than his own
females. They were always ready for a mounting, he didn't have to wait
for their heat, but he could smell the hint of estrus in this one and
it excited him. He would breed with her as often as he could. His maws
drooled as he began to lick and nip at the enticing scent before him.
Brandy's groan as the dogs tongue teased her cunt drew Glen attention
from the road, and he narrowly missed hitting a car cutting in front
of him. "Bruno leave the bitch alone until we get home...SIT BRUNO
SIT!!!" with a sharp bark that filled the car and sent a shiver of
fear and need into Brandy's cunt, the dog sat, his eyes watching her.




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			29. Back to The Present

Tony had carried Karen up to the small bedroom and secured her spread
eagled to the bolts in the water bed. The girl slowly regained her
senses as he finished...she could remember every cut and feel of the
scalpel as Mary operated and spayed her. She could not think of it as
a human operation, she would have been in a hospital and had a
choice...she had been treated as a dog ...less than a dog really for
even they went to the vet. She could feel the pain and emptiness where
her ovaries and uterus had rested....and knew that she would never
have children. No longer was she a viable fertile female, but a slave,
a sex toy to be tormented and enjoyed as her owners wished. Her mind
lingered over what she had done to herself...they had given her the
option of going home, let her choose for herself...she was not like
NuBaby who had no choice, was captive not volunteer. There was little
of her body that did not scream in pain at her, telling her she was a
stupid cunt for allowing this to happen to it. Her eyes turned toward
the IV and followed the tube down into her tit where it dripped
antibiotics and an analgesic into her swollen bruised flesh. Turning
her head she looked at the brand, her eyes tracing each letter until
the focused on the word..SLAVE in block letters. Try as she might she
could not draw her eyes from the word burned into her tender
flesh...it said everything about her. Her economic status, her social
status, her availability. Anyone seeing it would know instantly and
treat her as such. Looking up briefly Karen's eyes searched the barren
room and was drawn back to the brand. There was nothing left of her
body she could call her own and they owned the deed to her soul.

Karen watched the door as it opened and Tony carried in his toy...the
girl laying asleep in his arms. He placed her gently on the floor and
left to return with an iron framed cot. Not bothering with a mattress
he chained the girl open upon the frame. Karen's eyes took in the
damage NuBaby had suffered, her jaws wired open, the bruises and
treated holes in her flesh...the raw mangled flesh of her cunt with
the black stitches Mary had taken in it. The girl stirred as Tony
shoved an ice condom in her ass and an ice pack over her cunt, moaning
but not waking. Karen wondered...how long before she looked like that
as her mind drifted back to sleep.

Mary and Tom relaxed and chatted with Bear as his slave crouched
between his legs sucking him. Leaning against her husband Mary enjoyed
the languid afterglow of a beautifully torturous morning. Jessann
listened to the conversation, her mouth busy trying to please her
chosen Master. She found her mind drifting to the treatment she had
seen this weekend, trailed back over the uses she had born and
wonder...questioned...would Bear begin to treat her that way...did she
want that?...to go from sub to slave...from human to property....and
found herself concerned when a burst of cunt fluid dripped from her at
the thoughts. At Mary's arched eyebrow, Bear cuffed the robin bedecked
girl across the top of the head, and directed her to lick her
drippings from the floor. "You Don't mess!" Jessann blushed as she
licked the floor clean. Quickly she returned to her Masters cock
before he grew impatient with her.

Tony brought in a cart of finger sandwiches and hot Clam Chowder,
serving the other sadist then sitting to join them. Jessann could
smell the food and he stomach rumbled, but she knew that such fare was
not hers until she went home again. Bear noted the sound and smiled
down at the top of her feathered head...he could see what she was
thinking, but had a surprise for her...she would not be leaving so
soon as she thought. He had a little surprise for her out in his van.

The four sadists started as the door bell rang...."Who the hell could
that be?" Mary looked over at Tony who rose to answer the door. "Where
is everybody! I am so sorry I had to miss the party....Here take this
and this, and wildrose stop sniveling, you know it only hurts when you
don't keep up...MOVE it GRIMLI I Will Catch my death sitting in this,
this wretched sunlight." A loud hiss of pain could be heard from the
foyer as a healthy young man walked carefully into the living room,
guided by the straps separating his nuts painfully. Sitting full
across his shoulders was a black leather clad blonde woman the spurs
on her thigh high boots digging in under his ribs and urging him
along. "Darlings I am HERE...." Behind her followed a small cherub
faced English woman loaded down with luggage, a chain leading from the
skewers in her nipples to her Mistress' hand, Tony trailing carrying
the last of the bags.

Mary, Tom and Bear took in the tableau and burst into laughter as the
woman's mount knelt carefully to allow her to dismount. "Eisanna You
ALWAYS make an Entrance." Mary rose and hugged her long time friend
and fellow sadist.




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

				30. Imperial Hunt

Eisanna swept through the room like a tornado, her slaves standing
quietly as she made her rounds hugging a kissing her long time
friends. " I hate jet lag darlings...the slaves are sooo sluggish
afterwards, and well...needless to say, customs is always a bitch
about my things. still again I do find the most interesting toys in
Europe and elsewhere. Now Grimli, go get me something to eat...and
wildrose, find out where my room is and unpack me." Tony arched an
eyebrow and looked toward Mary and Tom....Mary nodded imperceptibly
and Tony led the slaves from the room, the small slave struggling to
carry all of her Mistresses luggage. "How long are you going to be in
country Eisanna?" "At least 3 months this time...have these two to
finish training, a customer in Mexico is interested in them as
entertainment...as well right now, they are barely acceptable. You
know I hate to turn out inferior product.", Eisanna sighed. "If they
are going to handle the level of pain that the customer wants...well
they are damned well going to look like they enjoy it." "Did Glen tell
you that we finally found our slave?" "Darling...really, where,
how...is she everything you wanted?" Tom brought over a drink for
Eisanna and the woman began to relax. Bear looked down at his own
empty drink and poured the remainder over the head of his cock sucking
bird. "You let it get empty slave." Jessann sputtered under the dregs
of brandy and took the glass to refill it. Eisanna smiled and then
began to laugh as she took in the robin redbreast theme of Jessanns
garb. "Bear you are delightful...the early bird gets the worm?" Bear
broke out in laughter..."I hadn't thought about it that way
Eisanna...but she is adequate at sucking the worm." Jessann returned
on her knees, her face as scarlet as her chest.

Grimli returned bearing a tray of sandwiches for his owner, hoping
that she would find them acceptable. Eisanna picked at the tray as he
held it, "You are fucking hopeless...now take this crap back to the
kitchen and bring me something to eat that is fit for something other
than slaves and dogs." With a sullen glance Grimli turned to go back
to the kitchen. "Can't let the bastard think he got it right the first
time dears, sorry." "Not a problem Eisanna." "So now tell me about
this cunt you own. What are her tolerances like?" "We have only had
her for a week, found her on IRC of all places...and just knew she had
to be the one....she had never been touched, but did not shy away from
anything we did in IRC play. She is perfect, no friends except online,
a dead end job, no family...it was so easy to isolate her...and
now...well come with me and you can see for yourself." Mary rose and
led the way from the room. 

Pausing at the door Mary looked at Eisanna..."She may be resting a
bit, and there is another slave in with her...the oriental is Tony's
new pet...he acquired her this weekend when she crashed the party."
Eisanna grinned.."don't tell me someone was that stupid and got
caught. Is there anything left of her? I know Tony's tastes." "I did a
few minor repairs earlier, but she will survive..." Mary opened the
door, "at least for now." Both girls jerked as the door opened and
stayed where they were, not that they had much choice. Eisanna and
Mary walked over to Karen first. Immediately Karen averted her face,
she did not want to be guilty of the sin of looking at her betters.
Eisanna smiled...she approved. Mary checked the IV site, the breast
was swollen and inflamed. "Damn I am going to have to move this
site...now where?" she turned around and opened the small bag under
the bed, extracting a new IV start pack. Snapping open the sterile
alcohol pack she wiped down Karen's groin area. The girls fists
clenched as she realized where Mistress was going to start the next
IV. Mary opened the needle pack, tossing the discard on Karen's belly
as she sat on the bed probing for a good site. Locating the vein in
her mons just above the clit she slowly pushed the needle into place.
Karen's screams woke NuBaby, as she shook but did not move under the
pain. Tears ran to the sheet beneath her as Mary probed and then set
the thick heparin lock in place. Eisanna watched her eyes taking in
the flood of moisture that dripped from the girls cunt. "She is
naturally excited by the pain Mary...is it..training or talent?" "Mary
Laughed as she set the IV line in place. "Both, Glen introduced us to
this lovely leash, but the sensitivity is all hers...her body said
slave long before her mind accepted it. Now the pain pulls her sexual
hunger even faster." Mary's hands moved to the raw site of the
previous IV and pulled the lock from it. Karen's moan of pain was
tinged with a hunger she did not understand, but accepted.
"Darling...you have branded her tit..such a lovely thought...everyone
will know what the cunt is this way...maybeeee." Mary looked up at the
speculation in Eisanna voice. "You know my playroom is open to you
Eisanna." The nodded at the male slave standing in the doorway with
his Mistress food. He had heard the speculation as well and was as
pale as a ghost.

Mary decided to check on NuBaby as well while she was up there.
Approaching she was amused to see the girl shrink from her as far as
she could on the iron frame. Without any indication that she knew this
was a thinking human being, she spread Nu's cunt lips to look at the
repairs she had made to the lacerated flesh. The flesh was vivid red
and inflamed, but the stitches were holding, she figured about 3 days
before Tony would be able to abuse cunt and anus again. He would have
to settle for her mouth. Checking the girls ashen color and trembling
flesh...she knew that Nu was a bit shocky. Tony would not like it, but
the girl would need a blanket and some nourishing food. Picking up the
house phone she called down to Tony. "Sorry dear, but you might want
to fix your cunt some soup and a blanket...she is a bit shocky and you
don't want her to die on you." "Thank you Miss I will be right up."
Mary continued her exam of the girl, probing her fingers into the
distended anus, checking heart and blood pressure. Grimli moved from
the doorway where he stood with His mistresses food, it was cooling
but he knew better than to call her attention to it or him. Eisanna
was tracing the brand on Karen's tit, exploring the pained flesh, her
eyes tracing the stitches in the girls belly. "Mary? What are these
from?" 'Hmmmmm? Oh those...I spayed the bitch today... Neither Tom nor
I wanted her useless or incapacitated for a week each month and this
way we don't have to worry about the cunt breeding.. No unwanted
whelps." Karen's eyes turned dark with pain as she thought of the
children she would never have, not that she had any prospects even
before she came here, but it had been nice to have that option. "I
wish you had arrived earlier, you would have enjoyed it..no
anesthesia...God the screams were beautiful. I don't know when I last
had an orgasm during surgery." Eisanna toyed with the clit ring,
stroking it against the back of the clit and shifting the IV as it
moved. Karen moaned as the pain and touches drew all of her attention
to her cunt. "It does mean hormone replacement therapy, but I think a
shot daily should handle it." "Hmmmmmmmmm..GRIMLI WHERE THE HELL IS MY
FOOD!" Grimli snapped to attention and knelt before his Miss. Picking
her way through the now cooled lunch Eisanna made a total mess of the
tray, then poured her drink on top. "Since you insist on feeding me
food fit for a pig, then the pig, will eat it." Her fingers lunged
inside his nose and brought the suddenly tearful face into the tray.
Releasing her grip, she pushed his face into the slop. "Clean it up."
Wildrose arrived in time to see her fellow slave lapping up the
remains of her owners lunch. Eisanna rose and strode over to the girl.
Grabbing the skewered nipple she dragged the girl into the room and
forced her to her knees beside Grimli..."You may as well feed too
piglet." painfully the girl bent to feed with her fellow slave.

Tony entered the room bearing a tray a folded blanket over his
shoulder and looked at the two slaves rooting on the floor, then
wandered over to his own slut. Setting the Tray down he revealed two
bowls of soup and 1 spoon. "I thought you might want something for
Karen as well Miss." 'Thank you Tony that was thoughtful" Mary started
to pick up the nearest bowl and stopped when Tony shook his head. She
arched an eyebrow, but picked up the other bowl. Tony sat down on the
edge of the iron frame and looked at the girl struggling to get far
away from him. NuBaby knew that he did nothing without hurting her.
Tony picked up the bowl of soup and smiled. With Nu's mouth spread
opened feeding her was easy. She could see a thin stream of steam
rising from the bowl, and tried to turn her head away...Tony grabbed
her lower jaw and pulled her head back. "Feed slut." He raised the
bowl high above her head and tilted it. Nu's eyes watched as the
liquid in the bowl seemed to flow in slow motion, clearing the bowls
lip and dropping agonizingly toward her open vulnerable mouth. The
warm soup splashed down into her mouth surprising her
pleasantly...until the flavor spread over her tongue. Mixed in with
the flavor of Beef soup she could taste piss and began to suspect that
the lumps were not all beef and vegetable chunks. She could either
swallow or allow it to run from her mouth, Nu elected to let it run,
but Tony had other ideas, and as her mouth filled, put down the bowl
to massage her throat. NuBaby was forced to accept and finish every
last drop of the tainted soup, before Tony was happy. He petted his
little slave and examined her healing flesh. "You will be good for
pain there again very soon, Miss Mary does a wonderful job." NuBaby
turned her head miserable in her pain and wondering about her friend.
Tony looked the girl over for the last time and then rising covered
her with a thick natural wool army blanket. NuBaby relaxed under the
rising warmth of the blanket for a few moments until she learned again
that there was nothing "nice" about her owner. The wool began to itch
and prick at her raw flesh, and she began to move as she tried to
escape the maddening itch. Tony left the room looking back only once
at the squirming slave, she would rest as ordered...but not well.




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			31. A Return to Yesterday

Chuck stood before the men's room door, he could hear voices inside,
and was glad that he had his hands free. He could not tell where his
Mistress was, she could be spying on him, checking his obedience to
her orders. Closing his eyes for a second, he pushed on the bathroom
door and stepped in.

In the glare of the florescent lights chuck could see the four young
men, horsing around. "Welllllllllllllll What have we HERE?" Chuck felt
a knot of concern in his belly and his cock surge painfully as the men
turned to eye him. They took in the sheer red dress and the duct tape
and tube gagging him. "Boys lookie what our Fairy Godmother
delivered." chuck tried to turn his attention to the mirror, his hands
trying to fix his makeup as ordered by DebiJean. He hoped that the men
would tire quickly of their taunts and he could leave without a fight.
Many times his large frame and weight had keep him from schoolyard
fights and barroom brawls...he prayed it would be the same tonight. He
was braced but unprepared when the Men surrounded and rushed him
without a word. His arms braced against the sink as he lunged backward
to try and break free of the gripping hands. Desperately he struggled
to break loose of the hands that were forcing him to bed toward the
basin, one gripping the back of his neck had its fingers dug in so
tightly he could hear the blood pounding in his ears. Tears of
frustration and fear dripped from his eyes, he knew what was about to
happen, but his body so pained and sapped from the past two days of
abuse, could not protect itself. "John push his head down in the sink
and lets see what the faggot is hiding under the dress." Chucks head
descended into the sink, his arms trying to push him back up when they
were wrenched behind his back and pinned. He felt the soft sheer dress
tossed up over his ass, exposing the duct tape riding between his
cheeks. SNNNIIIIIIIIIICCCK! chucks stomach lurched as he heard a knife
snap open and felt the cold blade peeling the tape away from the hair
on his lower back. Fingers fumbled at the top of the tape and he
screamed into the tape across his mouth as the duct tape was
riiiiiiiiiiiiiippppppppppped from his ass yanking the hair out
painfully and taking a thin layer of raw flesh with it. The knife
prodded at his asshole. "Well looks like the fag has been used
well...look at how swollen his asshole is, should make him happy to
get fucked by us. Won't it faggot!" chuck started to shake his pinned
head no until a hard fist wrapped itself around his taped balls and
squeezed slowly. chuck head nodded frantically yes as hand and knife
made him fear for his life. "Hey JB you want the first crack at this
cock sucker?" The knife pricked chucks asshole, and he could feel a
trickle of blood start. "Don't mind if I do." JB unzipped his pants
and pulled forth an 8 inch cock already hard. With malicious intent he
thrust his cock into the fear tightened ass before him, his only lube
the trickle of blood. Roughly he sawed in and out of the already
abused ass in front of him, chucks tears dripped into the sink as his
ass was raped, he could feel the cum flooding his Thai chili sauce
burned anal tissues as JB finished and jerked clear only to be
replaced by a fresher and  larger cock. "Hey John the fuckers got a
dead ass, make him dance." Chuck began to scream and fuck his ass back
on the plunging cock as his nuts were crushed in John vice-like grip.
The men's comments about his dress and their rape of his ass crushed
chucks spirit as each of the men took their turns. More he was afraid
of what his owner would say or do, he was long delayed from meeting
her at the bottom of the hill and he was frightened that she would
leave him there. His mind and body jumped when the door crashed open.

The men jerked their heads around as the door rebounded from the wall
and they heard the click of a gun cocking. "You have something of mine
Mother-fuckers." DebiJean stood in the door a .45 cocked in her hands
one hand holding her wrist steady. Ted's cock shrank in chucks ass as
he saw the barrel pointed directly at his balls. "CUNTFACE get over
here!" chuck did not move, his balls re-clamped in Johns hand. "I SAID
let the slut go!" DebiJeans face was deadly serious as she waved the
men back with the gun. Chuck immediately moved to his Mistresses side,
his asshole burning as he felt the cum leaking from it.
"M-m-mistress...I" "Shut up and get in the car fuck face." Chuck
backed from the bathroom, his face covered in tears to find the car
idling just outside the door...rabidchia at the wheel. The trunk was
shut and the back and front doors open. Climbing into the back seat,
the man gingerly rested his torn and raped ass on the floor, praying
that the paper he was sitting on was newspaper. Shutting and locking
the door, he watched pale faced as his Miss backed out and toward the
car. One of the men lunged at the door and DebiJean fired hitting the
door frame and causing the man to duck back inside. As soon as DJ had
her feet in the car, rabidchia punched it jumping the Kia off the
stairs and onto the lawn, spinning the car and driving for the exit
ramp. DebiJean kept watch behind them to make sure they were not
followed.

"Just couldn't WAIT to get fucked could you slut?" chuck bowed his
head and gave into all of the terror, pain and shame of the last few
day as he broke down and cried like a baby.  




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

		32. Yesterday, Yesterday

Gene and EvilKath had gotten their ponies to their respective homes
safely. Each trainer determined to win the upcoming race on Friday.
lizette and lovelyldy were pampered and being pushed harder than they
had ever been before. Their respective owners working them from dawn
until dusk. 

EvilKath preferred the tried and true methods, taking lovely to the
beach each morning and trotting her over sand dunes and through the
early morning surf. Though the girl was run un bitted and harnessed
she bore nearly 100 lbs. distributed over her body. EK was pushing her
body to develop its stamina and endurance. She knew that the speed
would come with the return to solid ground. Most of the beach goers
took in the sight of the girl running mile after mile along the beach
with the woman biking next to her and figured she was in training for
a marathon. They did not know just how right they were. Or how wrong.
Lovely ran up and down the dunes, not allowed to use her hands to
help, she knew she would be punished for each stumble or fall during
the evening. She was allowed to rest 15 minutes every two hours, and
found that the liquid that EK held for her to drink in a sports bottle
contained Gatoraid, to replace the fluids and salts lost in the hot
sun. Rain or shine they started at 5 AM and did not return home until
6 PM for the exhausted ponies harnessing, grooming and feeding.

Gene was a bit luckier, as the track that would be run upon was at his
home. Each morning at dawn he rose to harness lizette tightly and lead
her out to the race track. He had fitted the inside rail with an
automatic pull, similar to the ones used at the greyhound races.
Hitching lizettes reins to it, he would load up the sulky with 200
lbs. of sand, and set the speed at a brisk 10 mph. A snap of his whip
as he hit the start button and lizette was off, her body trying to
keep the tension from drawing to hard on her mouth as she high stepped
in a trot around the track. Making sure that she had hit her stride,
Gene would then go back for his own breakfast, leaving lizette to run
relentlessly around the track. With his breakfast done, Gene would
return to stop his tired and sweated pony, walking her to cool her
flesh and water her, then climbing into the sulky would run her around
the track for another hour or so. Those times that work drew him away
from her, she would be set to training with the mechanical pull or on
the walker, her body rarely allowed more than a few minutes rest
before he would set her training again.

Brandy too had arrived home and to her chagrin been led from the car
in plain sight to the house. Though isolated Glens home was exposed to
the road. Bruno constantly snuffled at her rear as she was forced to
crawl across the lawn to the house. Opening the door, Glen lead her
into a spartan but spacious home. Bruno wagged his tail and led her
over to the food bowls, lapping up a bit of water, before sitting to
look at her. Brandy looked up at her Owner and then over to her
lovers, with a soft sob, she bent her head to drink from the dogs
bowl. Glen petted her flanks as she lapped at the tepid water and then
led her through the house. Brandy peered around, apparently this is
where she would spend the rest of her days, maybe, when Glen left for
work she would be able to escape, after all she had something that
Bruno did not have, hands and a working knowledge of door knobs. Glen
could see the thoughts turning over in the girls head, it would take
time, but she would settle, and he knew there was no escape for her.
Leading her back into the living room, he sat down on the thick
leather couch and relaxed, pulling her head over to rest on his lap.
Picking up the remote control he scanned a few channels and then
looked down at the silent pet. Glen was an expert at training bitches
for dogs, but he had never seen one take to her use so easily, usually
they fought hard to keep from being raped, but he knew that he would
need a bit of back up to keep her under control.

Glen rose from the couch for a minute and came back with a china bowl
and an open can of Alpo. Pressing a button on the remote, he settled
back down and pulled the leash to signal her to come closer. Brandy
crawled quickly to him, fearing the shock that would hit her throat if
she did not, her eyes teary as she looked at the can of dog food.
Pulling Brandy around so that her haunches faced him he began to tease
lightly over the flesh. Slowly the girl became aroused at the gentle
touch her cunt beginning to grow wet. Bruno watched as he lay on the
floor nearby, waiting for his Masters signal. Gently he pulled her
back around, her body heaving softly in its arousal and emptied the
can into the bowl. Glens eyes glanced upward and noted the red lights
on the video cameras mounted in each corner. Good they were activated
and filming everything. Taking a finger full of the dog food he
offered it to the girls mouth. A shudder ran through Brandy, the
cigarette burns painfully reminded her of the last time she had
refused the food and she opened her mouth reluctantly. Glen slid the
food into her mouth and stroked her head as she chewed and swallowed
it. A swift gesture and Bruno rose to walk over behind the girl, his
tongue lapping at her cunt. Brandy found herself caught between her
fear and the sensuous touch of the dogs tongue. The rough pink organ
pulling as sweetly at her throbbing cunt as Glen offered her another
mouth food of food. Her mind cast about in the silent world she lived
in, why did she find the dogs touch, his rough bestial use of her
body, his lustful attentions so exciting to her body...again her
thoughts turned to the Man who held her captive and forced her to eat
what he would feed her. Was there no escape, would he keep her trapped
here, serving his dog, could she escape...worse did she even want to
leave that teasing stroke that awoke something so deep inside her.

Glen watched as she began to hump against the dogs probing mouth.
Placing the bowl beneath her head, he lifted her face, looking at the
heavily hooded eyes and gestured, curling his hand toward his mouth.
Her tongue licked her parted lips as her body flooded her mind with
sensual messages, with a soft gasp as Brunos tongue reached high in
her cunt she bowed her head and began to eat the dog food. With soft
tears she finished, her clit thrumming so hard she could barely stand,
and licked the bowl clean, Glen had stroked and petted her as she ate
and now drew her head into his lap. Brandy moaned as she encountered
his now exposed cock, her body so heated she barely hesitated as she
took it into her mouth to suck and lick at it. "Up Bruno." Bandy could
not hear the command but she could feel the result and the dog eagerly
lifted and gripped her waist in powerful forepaws. His large boned
cock thrust desperately at her flesh as he sought either of the two
openings there, scrapping painfully over her clit and thrusting
between the holes. Brandy reached back between her legs and guided the
painfully careening cock into her hungry cunt, moaning around Glens
cock as Bruno thrust hard forcing the swelling knot inside her. Her
legs spread wide as Bruno began to fuck in and out of her cunt,
shoving deep and burning her cunt with the friction. Glen to began to
fuck into his bitches mouth, his hand gripping her hair gently as he
guided his cock to the back of her throat. All to soon Brandy felt her
orgasm wash over her cunt, the spasms flushing warmly over her body,
her mouth moving to bring her owner to his own cum. Bruno felt the
telltale sign of his bitch cumming and tied, the knot locking him in
place as he pumped wave after wave of jism into her sucking cunt.
Finally, spent he turned so that they again were back to back, his
tongue panting from his mouth as he waited for the sweet pain of the
knot to slacken. Glen looked down at his finishing animals and came,
his loins thrusting hard into Brandy's mouth forcing her to swallow
his hot cum. Brandy knelt suspended between the two of them, the cum
flooding her cunt and mouth, feeling almost as if the two had met in
the middle of her in their possession of her flesh. Glen wiped the
trailing strings of cum from his cock onto her face and mouth, where
Brandy lapped all that she could reach. Her cunt ached with the
painful knot swollen tight in it, Brunos steady pull stretching her
cunt until finally it came free.  The dog lay down to clean himself,
but Glen turned Brandy and pressing gently made her lean to lick her
lovers cock clean. Bruno moaned as his cunts mouth removed all of the
cum from his now overly sensitive shaft.

Glen turned off the monitors, and satisfied that he had taped from all
angles Brandy's "willing" submission and service to the dog, knew that
she would never try to escape. He would film more over the next week
as he trained and led her deeper into her slavery to the dog. The
films would sell very well to certain clientele. Deciding that she
needed to rest, he led her to a dog cage, it had been Brunos when he
was a puppy, Placing newspaper, a blanket and water inside he urged
her in and padlocked the door. Brandy lay in the darkness, wanting to
cry, but unable as the dogs rapidly cooling cum ran down her legs.
Bruno lay next to the cage.




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			33. And Today

While NuBaby and Karen healed they were of little use to their owners.
Fed and watered, they were left alone. Karen so wanted to talk to the
girl, but knew that the least modulated sound would shock her throat.
She was learning that words were no longer permitted to her. She had
the feeling that if Mary and Tom had not so enjoyed her screams of
pain, Mary would have removed her vocal chords or cut them. NuBaby was
hoarse, willing but unable to talk, her eyes constantly on the door,
afraid to see it open and reveal her tormentor coming for her. Karen
looked at the mangled girl with her mouth locked open out of her
control and sighed. She had at least chosen to remain..though she
herself did not quite understand why, sadly she raised her head to
look at the healing brand on her left tit, struggling to rise higher
despite the pain to look at the stitches where she had been spayed
like a dog and the heavy ring in her clit. With a tired groan she
dropped her head back to the bed, and thought about what her life was
becoming. NuBaby heard footsteps outside the door and tried to pretend
she was asleep. She had managed to wiggle enough that the wool blanket
had fallen to the floor, but the itch that remained was maddening.

Mary and Tom entered the room bearing medical equipment and food for
the girls. With a brisk efficiency Mary cleaned and dressed the
wounds. NuBaby was unable to pretend to be asleep as she treated the
burns, her moans of pain pitiful in the room. Carefully Tom spooned
warm soup into the girls open mouth, his voice telling her that it was
untainted and would help her heal. NuBaby's eyes tracked his hand with
a tear of gratitude. It was the first gentle feeding she had had. Mary
moved over to Karen and examined the stiches..gently her fingers
probed and insured that the soft organs were adjusting properly to the
new space inside. Tom rose from Nu's bed and patted the girl gently,
then turned to walk over and look down at his slave. Slowly he
unzipped his pants, then knelt over the girls mouth and offered her
his cock. "Drink bitch" As Mary prodded and examined Karen, the girl
took her Masters cock in her mouth and drew comfort as well as his
piss from him. She almost spit and spilled the last of the piss from
her mouth as Mary without much to do, shoved her hand deep inside her
cunt to examine her cervix. Karen gulped hard as her Mistress poked
deep into tender territory, her cunt moving on the fist deep inside
her. She did not understand why, but her clit was immediately swollen
and hungry from the pain. A soft groan of disappointment escaped her
lips as Mary pulled her fist free. Tom smiled down at the slave and
stroked her head, proud that through the shock and pain she had failed
to spill a drop. He dismounted her chest and tenderly fed her the
soup. "She's doing well dear, she should be up and about tomorrow, we
can take her to the race with us." Karen shivered, she would be going
out again, this time as a fully owned slave. It would be the first
time. 

Eisanna was bored...bored..bored...bored. Her tapping fingers played
with the buttons on a remote control. Unfortunately her slaves were
not bored. They were very very far from it, and wished their owner was
as well. Eisanna had spent the morning slowly forcing thick needles
through the slaves flesh. Wildrose looked over at the tapping fingers
and at the wires leading from the needles threaded through her tits,
belly and cunt. Her fingers flew as she polished the 10 pairs of boots
and shoes that Eisanna had brought with her. Her ears rang with the
muffled screams of pain coming from Grimli. Grimli writhed on the
floor amidst the laundry he had been ironing. Eisanna's tapping
fingers were sending shocks of electricity through his pierced balls
nipples and cock. Every now and then her fingers would tap onto the
control for the needle threaded through his tongue or the alligator
clamp attached to his anus. The jolts were enough to keep him on the
floor. He had messed up on ironing a pleat and Eisanna did not allow
fuck-ups to go un-punished. His body was wringing wet with sweat from
the pain as he rolled on the clean clothes...he knew he would have to
wash them all by hand again. Wildrose looked over and shuddered and
worked harder at getting the shoes to shine. Her eyes glanced from
time to time to the heavy multi-strand licorice whip cat that dangled
at Eisanna's side. If she did a good enough job, if her Mistress was
pleased...maybe, oh, just maybe she could escape the shock treatment
and feel the beloved lash of the licorice candy biting sweetly into
her flesh. Eisanna noted the girls look of avarice at the whip and
arched an eyebrow, her finger tapping on the controls for the girls
right tit. With a yelp of pain wildrose began working hard on the shoe
in her lap.

Eisanna looked up as Tony entered the room and took in the screaming
male on the floor. "He is a stubborn one isn't he Miss?" "Yes...I'm
not sure that regular torments will break him." Tony stopped to think
for a moment, "I think Miss Mary has just the training item in her
office Miss...A ball spreader you might like." I have used them on him
and still he fights and fucks up." "Ahhh but this one is a bit
different...it will slowly crush the ball, it operates on a remote. I
think he will comply then without hesitation or error." "Tony you just
might be right. Let me see this wonder...." Eisanna tossed the
controller to wildrose...if he is not still screaming when I return,
you will be. Wildrose scrambled and began tapping the buttons quickly,
yelping in pain as she hit some of the controls for her own pain.
Eisanna laughed and followed Tony from the room.




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			34. Correction

Eisanna clutched the ball crusher to her chest and shivered..."This is
going to be absolutely marvelous Tony are you sure Mary won't mind
loaning it to me?" "Not at all Miss, she doesn't have a male slave in
training at the moment and that is the second prototype. It can be a
bit quirky at times, but it does need a bit of testing before they
Market it. I will of course clear it with her, but there should not be
a problem." "I have got to try this on him immediately." Eisanna
dashed for the stairs to return to the living room, and halted at the
doors. Taking three deep breaths she steadied herself and regained the
dignity expected of a woman of her position. Finally she felt ready
and opened the door. Wildrose had savage gleam in her eyes as she
tapped the buttons, giving Grimli little time to recover before his
body convulsed again in pain. Eisanna smiled at the girl, she had a
feral streak in her that would have raised her to a strong Dom, but
that was not her fate. She would soon be pleasing the tourista and
jaded Mexican Aristocracy down in Ol' Mexico. Eisanna strode over to
wildrose and took the control from her feverishly tapping fingers.

Grimli lay panting and groaning on the floor, his body covered with a
sheen of sweat and blood. Eisanna watched as the stubborn young man
began to pull himself together, regaining a bit of the stiffness she
was determined to break in him. Looking down at the toy in her hand
she smiled. It just might do the trick. Tony entered the room and at a
nod from Eisanna pulled Grimli into position holding him there. Grimli
immediately began to fight the larger man's strength to only find that
Tony's superior weight and knowledge of leverage quickly had him in a
come along grip he could not break. Tony grunted and lifted the
struggling slave to his feet by his arms to hold him there as Eisanna
began to fit him with the ball crusher. Locking the u-clamp in place
over his cock and the base of his scrotum, she began to fit the geared
rollers in place. Grimli glared as she slid his balls back feeding the
bottom of the scrotum into the bottom pair of rollers. Checking to
make sure that 1/4" of flesh protruded through the rollers properly
she  closed the top roller over the top of his scrotum and locked the
clamp in place. Grimli looked down and saw his precious treasures
caught in between something that looked like the top of an old
fashioned roller washing machine. He could feel the weight of the unit
pulling at his cock and balls and remembered vague a reference to
remote controls. His eyes grew agitated as Eisanna pressed a button on
the small remote in her hand and he heard the whine of a motor.
Clenching his teeth, he tried not to show the pain as the bottom
roller ground over the flesh pinched between it and began to move
toward the upper pair, pressing his balls between them. Eisanna tapped
the button again and the roller stopped. Tony pulled a set of Hyatt
Handcuffs from his pocket and secured the young mans hands behind him.
Grimli growl of rage as he fought the cuffs made wildrose scuttle
backwards. Eisanna just looked at him..."Now Darling Shall we begin?"

Grimli spent the rest of the day, actually obeying Eisanna, if not
willingly, at least with a lot less grumbling. Mary had shown her how
to attach a small padlock to the contraption so that he could not
remove it and he was set about performing household tasks. Eisanna
enjoyed tightening the rollers slowly when he balked at some of the
more odious tasks he was commanded to perform. Soon his nuts were
squeezed into tight glossy bundles of pain, and the women enjoyed a
night of tapping them with crops as he was sent scurrying back and
forth with gritted teeth and tears.




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			35. Ups-N-Downs

Race day broke bright and glorious as only a morning in California
can. EvilKath curried her pony  and watered her, but denied her any
feed before the race. They had a ways to travel and she did not want
the girl to have a nervous stomach. Hooking the small 1 horse travel
trailer to the car, she turned to harnessing her pet. Each strap was
pulled tight and secure and lovelyldy was fitted with a light racing
bit. She was not yet harnessed for the race but only for travel.
Leading her filly into the trailer she secured her reins to the cross
brace and slide the special padded bars before and behind to hold the
girl steady as she rode. She was not taking any chances that lovely
would injure her fetlocks during the trip. Lovely chewed on the bit
and played with it as she was settled in the straw and the lightweight
sulky was loaded. EvilKath had found the bamboo and aluminum sulky at
a horse sale and thought is would be perfect for the girl. The traces
were narrow and the sulky itself built for Welsh ponies. Finally
satisfied that she had done all she could to train and protect the
filly she donned her black and red silks and climbed into the car for
the drive.

Most of the Sadist had started early that day...the rematch would
prove exciting and better yet it gave them a chance to gather and
enjoy another day of torment.

Chuck had survived his first night at home with DebiJean and
rabidchia, his wounds had been cared for. It could not be said that
his first days there were pleasant but other than general torment it
was nothing he could not bear. He was nervous though today, for his
pain for the day depended heavily on the outcome of the race...he had
been promised that if lizette lost he would be castrated leaving only
his balls for his owners play pleasure...if lovelyldy lost, he would
not be castrated but his cock would be skinned..he was unsure of which
pony he prayed to win.. neither seemed a pleasant prospect. Rabidchia
too was unsure of which pony she hoped would win, for her meal for the
night would include a portion of chucks anatomy, either way. DebiJean
made her slaves scrub each other carefully...and dress for the day.
Rabid was bedecked in a sheer white silk gown that hid nothing and
emphasized the girls healthy attributes. Chuck too was dressed, in a
floral straw hat and micro yellow sundress. He teetered on 5" heels to
match the dress and his cock and balls were tied back between his
legs. Embarrassed he was forced from the house and into the backseat
of the Kia...almost wishing instead that he was riding in the more
spacious trunk again.

Brandy had spent the days between learning her Masters signals and
adjusting to her new home. Friday dawned bright and clear as she was
called from her cage and walked outside in the high grass to relieve
herself. Bruno barked and ran happy rings around her. She was in full
estrus cycle now and his urge to breed with her often was great. Glen
had taken a couple of days off from his business to work with the
girl, she would have new tricks to show his peers. Brandy was
surprised when she was led back into the house and  put into the
bathtub. Glen attached her leash high onto the shower head and
proceeded to bath and groom her. He wanted his bitch to show well at
the race. It was the first time in days that Brandy felt pampered at
all as she was cleaned inside and out. finally Glen inserted a tampon
so she would not stain the truck bed and caged her while he groomed
Bruno. Glen had decided to use the F150 today and put Bruno in the
cab, then led Brandy to the back to lift the girl in. She had lost a
little weight under the dog food regimen and he was able to handle her
easily. Her heart caught in her mouth as she realized that she would
be exposed to the eyes of other drivers on the road and looked at Glen
with fear. The man laughed knowing what was going through the girl
mind and left her kneeling there as he went back into the house.
Brandy looked and saw that Bruno was trapped in the car and Glen was
inside. Maybe...just maybe...she could see a house set about 10 acres
away...she should be able to get there and find help. Standing she
groaned as her knees popped. She was stiff but sure that she could
still run, she had a good reason to force her legs to work. Leaping
from the truck she cut across the grass and ignoring the fact that she
was naked flew toward the other house. Glen came out and saw her
headed for his neighbors, a man he had supplied with a bitch for his
own dog. He hit the control for the shock collar and saw the girls
hands fly toward her throat as she looked back in terror, but kept
going. Opening the truck door he gave Bruno his favorite command
"Fetch her". The dog leaped from the truck and galloped after the girl
his long legs eating the ground between them quickly. Brandy looked
back to see if Glen was chasing her and spotted Bruno. Trying to
zigzag and keep the dog guessing she raced toward the other house
determined to find help. 4" away from the girl Bruno launched himself
knocking her to the  high grass. She sobbed silently...so close yet so
far away.  She had covered half the distance in her run.

Bruno nipped and snapped at the girl as she walked back to the house.
There was nothing left to her hopes as she remembered FX's translation
to her. "If I ever find you off your hands and knees I will amputate
your legs at the knees.", she knew he was capable of it and began to
shake as she was forced into the truck bed and the cage. Glen smiled
coldly and draped a cover over the cage. She had been so close...and
yet further from safety than she knew.

Mercies sat quietly next to Skruffy as they took off for the day...she
warily watched her Master as he drove. She had seen him loading the
cars trunk with several wrapped packages and remembering her harrowing
experience at the "party" did not want to know what was inside.

Gene had been busy preparing for the race that day, his mare was well
rested and the track had been wet down and combed. He had the caterers
deliver a catered brunch, and fresh corn on the cob simmered in a
large pot while ribs slow smoked on the grill. They would pick up the
remains tomorrow, but for now everything was as he wanted it. He
watched from the stable as the first of the cars arrived. Lizette was
ready, her mouth chomping at the bit as her Master fitted her into her
new harness. Her tail and mane had been brushed to gleaming
brightness, the leather and buckles shown in the soft light. Gently he
petted his mare and began the final strapping, pulling her arms high
on her back and securing them, checking her toughened feet and
strapping her ankles so she would not kick or turn them. He added the
finishing touch a bright white feathered plume that rested and curled
from the top of her bridle. Stepping back and looking at her, he knew
she looked like the champion she was, her flesh firm and quivering in
anticipation of the race to come. He led her from the stall and
wandered outside to greet his arriving guests.

Enjoying the day the sadists wandered about the grounds looking over
the ponies, enjoying the repast laid out for them. Even the slaves
seemed to be enjoying the bright sun on their skins and the treats
their owners dropped for them. Grimli followed Eisanna closely,
choosing and offering the perfect tidbits for her palate, wildrose
complimented each with a sip of white or red wine ready for her
Mistress to wash her palate. The only slaves that seemed nervous were
chuck and Brandy. Brandy followed Glen closely, her body shaking as
she hoped he would forget about her trying to run. She knew there was
little hope, but prayed that if she performed well at his signals he
would only beat her, not cripple her. chuck looked at the two ponies
standing at rest, and groaned, he could not choose which he wanted to
win, but prayed it would not be a tie....he did not know what would
happen to him if it was.

Karen and NuBaby rested in the sun, watching their respective owners.
The trip had been arduous for them as neither were fully healed, but
the rare opportunity to get out was appreciated. NuBaby had been
forced to kneel on the floor of the van the entire way, her  open
mouth surrounding Tony's cock as he drove. She had been bound tightly
and lifted into and out of the van...she would have no chance to run. 

The last of the guests arrived...FX's car choking and fighting its way
down the long driveway with Dude at the wheel. Silence greeted their
arrival as he kicked FX from the car. The handsome man looked as if he
had been run through a mill. Strapped into his mouth was a bit, one
rein led over his back to hold an enormous dildo in his ass. If his
head dropped he forced it deeper, if he lifted it he pulled on the
other rein tied off around his balls. With his hands cuffed he was
unable to defend himself from the crop strikes or pinches Dude used to
guide him. Whispers ran through the crowd as they watched one of their
own captive to an ex-slave. They watched as FX was forced up to them,
his eyes pleading for help and turned away. No one spoke to Dude as
they contemplated what to do.

Gene and EvilKath backed their ponies into the traces of the sulkies
and silently led them onto the track. Tapping the ponies with the whip
they started them on a warm up walk around the track, allowing them to
get the feel of the ground. Each pony stepped high and wide as they
pranced the full distance of the track. At long last they came back
around to the Start line and DebiJean raised the starter pistol. With
a loud "CRRAAAACKKKKKKK!" as they drew even with the line she signaled
the start of the race. Gene and EK laid the whip across the girls
asses, and the ponies broke from the start line into a high stepping
trot, dead even. Both drivers snapped their whips as the ponies
settled into even strides, each conserving the strength of their
ponies, feeling them grab at the bits as they were held in check.
Lovelyldys legs rose and fell with precision, trotting easily, her
lungs drawing in the air and breathing softly. Lizettes longer stride
put her a little ahead of the smaller pony as they entered the first
turn. Gene pulled the reins and slashed at her right hip, moving his
pony to the inside rail where the ground was softer but the distance a
shade shorter. Ek brought her pony to the outside, keeping her just
off Genes right wheel and under tight control.  

The days of exercise on the beach sands had stood lovely well, though
she had to take two steps to every one of lizettes she trotted
steadily. She could hear the chuffing of her breath as she inhaled and
exhaled steadily. Ek worked the nipple and cunt reins guiding and
controlling her pony, feeling the coiled power of the small filly as
she paced alongside the other sulky. Lizette gripped the bit in her
teeth , wanting to stretch out and trot faster forcing the race to an
early conclusion and a quick win for her. Gene could feel the tension
and the eagerness of his mare as he led her into the back turn for the
first time. He knew that steady trotting until the finish would win
this race with his mare having strength to spare. He would not make
the mistake again of  letting her burn out before the end. Lizette
listened to the creak of the new harness, moving with her rhythmic
stride, she could hear lovely pounding the dirt behind her, and
chaffed to be allowed to trot as she knew she could. 

At the fence the sadists stood cheering the two ponies as they crossed
the finish line for the first time, manes and tails flying to snap
back in their drivers faces. Whips tapping asses and legs as the girls
entered the final lap.

Now the drivers held it all in their hands. Whips flying they jockeyed
for position as they let the reins out and urged their ponies to race.
Lovely running to the outside made a bid for the inside rail, her legs
flying in high kicks as she strained against the sulky and grabbed the
bit in her mouth...Gene whip slashed between lizettes legs and across
her back as he fought to maintain the pole position, his mare stepping
out faster and faster. Drawing abreast of lizette a snap by EK's whip
sent lovely brushing up against the trotting mare, the wheels of the
sulkies clashing together and sparking as they bounced apart. The
crowd watched as the ponies entered the last turn and headed down the
home stretch, the sulkies careening off each other. 

Entering the back stretch the wheels locked and the scream of metal on
metal could be heard at the finish line. Desperately Ek and Gene
fought to free the wheels, finally separating them. Neither pony lost
or broke stride as the wheels popped apart and their drivers laid in
the whips. Covered in sweat they could feel the blood dripping from
the lashes as each leaned hard into the traces and put forth her best
effort.

At the finish line the crowd waited breathless as the ponies trotted
flat out the final 600 yard. Chuck knelt with his heart in his throat.




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			36. Looking Sharp

Valiantly the two ponies fought the last 600 yards to the finishing.
First one drawing ahead then the other. Their drivers were laying
about the straining pony girls with their whips like lightening
strikes, first here then there as they drove to be first over the
line. Lizette could feel her lungs burning, her legs leaden as she
tried to stay ahead under the fast pace. She could taste the blood in
her mouth from the bits control, and sweat ran into her eyes, making
her trust fully her Master to keep her on track. Gamely lovely ran
stride for stride with lizette, her body shaking with exhaustion but
refusing to give-in so much as a step to the larger girl. They could
hear the blood rushing past their ears, their heart pounding as their
feet rose and fell as regular as a metronome.

Gene and Ek could see the finish line just ahead, the sadists crowded
around it and called for the last of their ponies strength and speed.
Gene popped his whip beside lizettes ear and the mare threw the last
of her strength to her legs.. extending her steps just a little
further. Lovely watched as the rival sulky pulled ahead by 6 inches
and bellowed in rage. Furiously she stepped and trotted, trying to
catch up those few lost inches, her breathing labored and rough, when
a snap of EvilKath's whip accidentally caught her along the spine.
Despite the brave fillies lunge to stay moving the pain shook her and
she lost another 2 precious inches as Lizette drove over the finish
line.

Gene began to rein lizette in immediately, turning her as she slowed
to drive her at a bare walk back to the line. From behind her he could
hear the laboring of her lungs as she gulped air, sweat streaming from
her. Reaching the finish line he gently drew her to a halt to watch
her sink to her knees held up only by the sulky traces. The mare was
totally spent, having not even the strength to hold herself up as he
released her then rubbed her down.

Lovelyldy wept. She had lost and shame washed over her tinged with
anger as she raised trembling legs to kick angrily at the sulky. EK
tried to comfort the small filly as she trashed about, then decided to
let her work out the anger at the loss on her own. 

DebiJean looked down at the unconscious chuck. As lizette had lunged
across the finish line he had dropped into the dust in relief...he
would not lose his cock, but the prospect had not seemed much better.
Rabidchia looked up at her Mistress and went to fetch a bucket of ice
and water to wake the man. Chuck came up sputtering as the ice water
shocked him back to his insane world. Fearfully he looked up at his
Mistress who held out her hand for his dress. With tears of fear he
removed it and folding it carefully so that it would dry in the heat,
handed it to her. ruefully he looked down at what had been his closest
companion and friend for so many years and knew that he had led it
into danger and pain.

FX and Dude stood a little away from the crowd, Dude was reconsidering
his decision to come to the race. He had caught the angry glances from
several of the sadists and the fearful looks that the slaves cast in
his direction. Snapping the crop into FX's balls he signaled to the
man that it was time to leave. Driving his prisoner back to the car he
loaded him and got into the drivers seat. Dude turned the key in the
ignition. Nothing...not even the click of the starter. Again and again
he turned the key, nothing. 
Finally he looked up...Tony stood by the drivers door, tossing a small
silver box in his hand. He tapped on the window. Reluctantly Dude
lowered it an inch. "No Brain...no Miles Gained." Gulping the young
man rolled the window up and locked the doors as he tried to think of
what to do. "OH GOD MY ASS IS GRASS and these people MOW WICKED
FUCKING LAWNS!!!" He turned to FX to see the anger and satisfaction in
the mans eyes. "SHIT! Now What the Fuck do I do....There's gotta be a
knife or gun here somewhere." FX just smiled behind the bit.. ignoring
the pain.

Gene lifted his exhausted champion and carried her to the shade of a
tree. Loosening her  harness he traded the bridle for a halter and
deciding she was cool enough, let her sip at some Gatoraid to restore
her. She would not be fed or watered until she was completely cooled
off and walked. EvilKath looked up to see that lovelyldys temper
tantrum had ended, and moved to take care of the game little filly.
"You did a beautiful job dear...such a good pony, you tried so hard,
another 15 feet and you would have had her." The little pony girl laid
her head in her Mistresses lap and wept.

Mary and Tom petted their slave and fed her small tidbits. For the
first time Karen was not commanded to beg, nor required...but she
found herself rising on shaky knees just the same. It felt right to
her. NuBaby watched her puzzled...the girl was willingly begging for
the treatment. How could she seek willingly the humiliation and pain
from people who if she understood correctly had branded her, given her
a hysterectomy against her desires.. and tortured her every day she
was here. Her eyes widened in shock as Karen nuzzled at her Masters
groin and willing took his cock in her mouth to suck him dry of his
urine. She could see the girls nipples harden and her ringed cunt
growing visibly wet and looked down at her own healing flesh. As much
as she abhorred Tony, she too had found something compelling and
lustful in his disregarded of her feelings and desires, found a thrill
in the pain he caused her. Though most of it had been excruciating
devastating pain, she had found herself growing wet as she remembered
the pain and felt the remains of it in her flesh.

"MARY!!!!! OH MAAARRRRY!!!! Did you bring your equipment with you?"
DebiJean was grinning from ear to ear as she dragged the reluctant and
cowering chuck behind her. "I made a bet with chuck and he lost...well
actually he couldn't win the bet...but he did draw the lesser of two
evils...FOR NOW." Mary looked up as the happy Sadist approached. "Of
course I did...Glen called me and said that we would need them."
Brandy caught the last words and looked in horror at her Owner. He
really didn't mean.....oh...no...please...he CAN"T!!!! Desperately she
lunged against the leash trying to jerk it from his hand only to be
brought up short as her throat closed under the collar. Glen swiftly
kicked her knees out from under her and hog-tied her feet with the
leash. As the girl hysterically tore at the leash with her fingers,
Glen snapped his fingers "BRUNO Guard" The dog rushed over and sat in
front of Brandy his sharp white teeth smiling at the girl as she broke
down in tears.

Tony walked away from the car for a moment to bring a heavy log over
to the central area. Setting it down he looked up in time to see Dude
make a break from the car leaving FX sitting in it as he ran for the
distant road. "GLEN!!!" Glen looked up from his shaking bitch and
spotted Dude running from the property..."BRUNO FETCH!" The dog looked
for a running person and sprang after Dude. Dude looked behind him
once and headed for the woods...soon barking could be heard.. but
Bruno nor Dude returned. Securing his bitch in place with a pair of
handcuffs Glen followed Bruno...Soon his laughing shout could be heard
from the trees...YA GOTTA COME SEE THIS." Several of the race goers
followed his voice and laughter could be heard from the woods.

Dude had never known he could be so athletic, but when he felt Brunos
teeth snapping at the seat of his pants, he had leaped for the nearest
protection. Scrambling and scraping he had made it 15 feet up a pine
tree and was clutching a thick branch in a death grip. Bruno sat at
the base of the tree...the entire seat of Dudes pants in his mouth.
Gene set about releasing FX from the car. The Actor was chagrined at
the condition he was in and Gene took him into the house for a change
of clothing and a shower. "You know your gonna have to come down
eventually." Dude said nothing but glared at the group below. Eisanna
arrived at a stroll from the lawn her slaves in tow. Looking up she
laughed. "Grimli darling fetch the bastard down." A tap of the button
controlling his balls sent Grimli to the base of the tree. Slowly he
began to shimmy up the trunk, as Dude tried to edge further out on the
branch. Gaining the branch Grimli leaned out on it. His lips were a
thin line of pain from his vised balls scrapings against the bark.. He
was determined to make this as painless for himself as possible.
Slowly he slid along the branch as it began to bend under their
combined weights. "STAY AWAY FROM ME....HOW CAN YOU HELP THEM????"
Dude edged out another inch looking for any way to keep from having to
go down. Silently Grimli just kept coming, his legs surrounding the
tree. Finally he was within reach and he lunged landing on the
terrified young man. As they struggled , one to pry the others grip
from the branch an ominous crack could be heard and the branch sagged.
Grimli reacted quickly tucking his knees into Dudes back and sliding
his arms around the young man as the branch gave another thunderous
crack and broke beneath their weight plunging them toward the ground.

The branch and two men plummeted toward the ground at breakneck speed,
with the sadists beneath diving out of the way. Grimli held on for
dear life...his nuts depended on getting the man to the ground and
Mistress had not said how, but there was no way he was going to hurt
his balls any more than necessary. Dude had time for one scream as he
slammed into the ground, a 200 lb. man landing dead on top of him.
Nothing more was heard from him as the air was shoved from his lungs
and he passed out. Grimli's high pitched scream was choked off as he
disengaged his balls from Dude hard back. rolling to the woods floor,
her retched and emptied his belly of all he had eaten. Slowly he
pulled himself back together. The rollers and metal of the vise had
protected his balls and hurt them at the same time. Pale and shaky he
waited for the pain to pass. Finally he had his breathing under
control. Eisanna looked down at the unconscious rebel..."Bring him
Grimli...I THINK his owner wants a word with him."

Grimli looked down at the cause of some pain to his balls and held
little love or pity for the man. With great callousness he gripped the
remains of Dudes pants by the waistband and lifted, dragging the mans
face through the debris back to the lawn. Following his Mistresses
direction he suspended Dude from two hooks in the Stable doorway and
left him there for his Owners decisions. Eisanna called Grimli over
and hugged him as a reward for his prompt obedience. Grimli stiffened
a little but was surprised to feel a warm glow surge through his flesh
at her touch.

"Ahh now that that is all over...time for some fun!" DebiJean nearly
bounced over to the log with chuck in tow. At a signal from Eisanna
and Mary, Grimli and Tony closed in on the terrified man. They gripped
his arms and held him in place kneeling at the log. DebiJean smiled as
she gripped chucks scrotum and stapled it in place with a Binford 2000
Staple gun. His screams rent the air and Grimli grew even paler as she
pulled the head of his cock as far out as possible and tacked the
loose skin to the log with the staple gun. As chuck attempted to hold
still, Mary brought over her scalpels in a metal tray. They were sunk
in a sterilizing solution and she set them on the log top where chuck
could see them. His eyes were mesmerized by the glistening stainless
steel that would soon caress his most precious flesh. Reversing a
cervical collar so that it forced chucks head forward, Mary insured
that he would have to watch what was done to his useless cock.
"DebiJean he is all yours!" "Thank you Mary, I have ALWAYS wanted to
see what was under the skin!!!" Tony moved swiftly to secure the mans
hands and feet, and then strapped him to the log securely by his
waist...there would be no escape.

DebiJean fished one of the scalpels from the fluid and held it so that
the sunlight glinted off it. Kneeling she brought the point to touch
the very base of the stretched cock. Chuck was forced to watch as she
drew the blade down the top of his shaft. The touch was so light that
at first he did not think that he had been cut until the pain hit,
searing and burning the skin as a line of blood formed in the scalpels
path. The sadists crowded around quietly watching. Skruffy had Merci
by the hair and was forcing to face her fear...a knife cutting into
flesh. The shaky girl was pale and her eyes darted everywhere to try
and block what was before her. "You will have to pull that line again
to get through the dermal layers, a little more pressure DJ...but
careful you don't want the meat beneath cut." DJ looked around..."Hmmm
we got any alcohol...I want to clean this up a bit." Mary handed her a
bottle and she poured some onto the cut cock. Chuck bucked as the
liquid seemed to boil like lava on his flesh. Tony moved to brace him
in place. As DJ began to cut again, deeper, chucks scream of pain and
torment, ripped from his throat and echoed through the surrounding
hillside. Gene did not worry...there where no neighbors, it was why he
had chosen this place to build and any snoops would soon end up like
NuBaby and Brandy.  The first cut was done....and DebiJean carefully
began to cut along the base of the cock.. leaving the bottom alone. A
final cut to the area around the crown and the flesh lay open along
his cock. Looking up she saw that the slave was out of it...Mary
brought out an ammonia snapper and broke it under his nose. Chuck woke
to see and feel DJ sliding threaded fish hooks through the loosened
skin. She handed each of the sadists the end of the lines and began to
pry the staple from chucks skin. Four minutes and two ammonia poppers
later his cock was free of the log. "You know chuck actually you are a
winner today....this is just like taking a graft for a burn
victim...the skin will grow back...your cock would not have." DebiJean
looked deep into the mans eyes, locking his will into hers. His
tear-filled face was pale and strained, but he nodded. He knew he was
property...her property, to do with as she would. He accepted his
slavery, had sought it, left family and job, in search of one who
could give him the pain he needed. He had not chosen her, but he was
hers...and each cruelty, each torment drew him closer.

Each of the sadists clenched their lines tightly, as DebiJean
completed the circular cuts at the base and head of his cock. Chuck
took a deep breath and braced, his eyes feeding back the need and pain
to his Mistress. DebiJean raised her hand slowly. The sadist waited.
The moment seemed an eternity as he fell into her eyes.

As her hand fell, the lines were snapped taut and the skin was ripped
from chucks cock. His scream was one from the damned.. as the skin was
torn from his cock and he fainted. DebiJean came.




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			37. Into The Depths

Mary moved swiftly, there was a great deal to do if chuck was to keep
his cock and not lose it to massive infection and shock. Tom brought
over her medical bag, and she set to work. Lifting the raw useless
lump of meat with a clamp, she spread a sterile drape under it, and
grabbed for her disinfectants. She did not have any anesthesia and was
glad that the slave was out cold...the pain was going to be traumatic
to say the least. Quickly she catheterized the unconscious slave, she
knew that DebiJean knew how to keep it clean and that chuck would need
it for several weeks to come. 

After sterilizing and cleaning the area, she checked for tears in the
veins.. satisfied there were none dangerous, she again bathed the cock
with saline and covered it with an aloe and tannin gel, to promote
healing. Spreading the gel on thickly she began wrapping the mutilated
flesh with a layer of burn pads. They were designed not to stick to
3rd degree burns. She followed with a layer of gauze, then added an
additional layer of the gel and another layer of gauze. The gel was a
product of her own and was undergoing FDA testing. It was designed to
keep burns and grafts moist and sterile, while the tannin in it
toughened faster the new layers of skin forming. When she was finished
chucks cock looked like it belonged to a mummy. "DJ.. be sure to
change the bandages daily and I will send over a supply of the gel."
DebiJean smile and nodded, chuck had withstood a harrowing experience,
she would insure he healed well before he suffered so hard again.
"Chia, that will be your duty, 4 times a day on the changes and the
catheter gets back flushed weekly." Chia looked down at the bandaged
cock and shuddered, then nodded slowly. Then her eyes caught the band
of flesh in her Mistress' hands. Her face turned pale.. she had
mentioned that Chia would eat chuck today...she had thought she meant
in the normal way...

"Gene...you have any cooking oil?" "Sure DJ just a sec...anything
else?" "A small pot would help." Gene meandered back into the house to
return with the oil and pot. FX followed behind him looking much
better. There was a Mephistophelean gleam in his eye as he spotted
Dude hanging in the Stable doorway. DebiJean took the pot and oil from
Gene and filling the pot, placed it on the BBQ to heat. She laid the
cock skin out on the side board and began to slice it into thin
strips.  The group relaxed and watched as she tested the oil, dropping
a drop of water into it, and soon satisfied that it was hot enough
dropped the pieces of skin into it one at a time. A groan from chuck
where he still knelt at the log, told her he was waking. His eyes
opened to the stomach wrenching pain in his dick and looked to see the
bandage lump he had once called friend. DebiJean laid the now deep
fried puffs of human cock flesh on a plate to drain, satisfied that
they were completely cooked. With great elan, she laid the dish of
deep fried long pork flesh in front of chuck on the log.
"Rabid...lunch dear." reluctantly the girl approached to kneel and
contemplate her ....snack. "Come on...don't be shy kiddies...I made it
with my own two hands." "ANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNDDDDDDDDDD WEEEEEEEEE
HELPED!!!" came the chorus from the gathered group. Rabidchias hand
shook as she reached for the first piece and brought it trembling to
her mouth. At a glare from DJ, chuck too picked up a piece that had so
recently been attached to him. Chias eyes looked up at her Mistress
seeking a reprieve, and finding none. Together they forced their
mouths open and placed the crispy crunchy flesh within. Chucks mind
twisted and roiled as he took the first bite. With a look of pain and
regret at chuck, Chia closed her mouth and began to chew.
CRRRRRUNNNNNNNNNCCCCCCCCCCHHH, CKAAAACKKKKKKKKK, CRUNNNNNCHH...her
eyes closed in shame as she ate her fellow slaves flesh...as the
flavor spread over her tongue her eyes snapped open. Confused she
looked up at her Mistress and back at chuck... "Uh...Mistress..
permission to speak??" "What is it Chia?" "Can I have some salt
please? This is GOOD!!!" DebiJean reached down and snagged a piece,
taking a dainty bite..."Hmm your right it IS good, a dash of salt and
we may have a new snack treat." Chuck blanched and fainted. 

DJ offered the plate around and when no one else took her up on it
finished the few pieces with Chia. A thought raced through her mind
and caused her to burst out laughing.  Arched eyebrows greeted her as
she blurted.. "I Have ALWAYS been known as a Man Eater...I just may
take up the habit!" Rabidchia nodded and looked over at chuck...there
was an awful lot of him...he might last the year.

FX held his head high as he stood among his peers and contemplated the
sub hanging before him. Dude had awakened during the "appetizers" and
had a horrid feeling that he was about to be the main course.
"Uh...Fx...Uh...Sir...uh..well...I" A glare from FX shut him up
quickly before he made it any worse, though he had no idea how he
could. He had conspired with several young men at the club to over
power his Owner and rape him...and had held him captive for several
days. Worse he had sought to climb above himself and brought FX among
his friends to shame him. Foolishly he had thought that if he had
arrived with a slave of his own, they would respect him as one of
them. 

"Dude you've been a naughty boy...you know your going to have to be
punished don't you?"
Dude looked at the rage in his owners eyes and began to pray. He knew
that FX's sense of the theatrical would leave him devastated. "Gene do
you mind if I use this...I will pay you for it?" FX held up a 3 foot
quirt, the thick single tailed whip looking as dangerous as a
rattlesnake. "Not at all...Be my guest." "Boys...oh Boooys...would you
mind hanging this worthless piece of flesh in the yard? I think Gene
likes his stable."
NuBaby and Karen watched fearfully, for all of their torments, they
had never been punished...especially not by an angry sadist. Dude
struggled desperately as Tony and Grimli lifted him from the hook and
dragged him over to an iron lamp post to hang. Dude was just tall
enough for his feet to reach the ground, he was a clear shot front and
back. FX directed them to hitch his knees up tying them out of the way
to his shoulders. Dude kicked and fought but fell to the inevitable as
they stripped the rest of his clothing off and bound him. His back and
arm muscles rippled under the full strain of his weight, and he could
feel his heavy cock and balls hanging free beneath him. Dude went to
the BBQ and returned with a can of Sterno and a long BBQ Sleeve. He
stood where Dude could see the gel being basted onto the quirt and
read the can label. "PLEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSEEEEEEE
GOOOOOOOOOODDDDDD NONONONONO FX PLEAAAAAAAAAAAAASE I'M SORRRY." FX
continued to coat the quirt well as the Inquisition of Sadists
gathered closely. Slowly he slid the sleeve on.

With frenzied strength Dude fought the chains suspending him like a
possessed man. His eyes rolled in fear crazed circles as he sought
some escape, some help from anyone. The soft flick...of FX's bic
brought his eyes forward mesmerized by the blue flame climbing up the
gelled quirt. FX began to move the whip so that the flames did not
reach his hand but were flattened by the breeze as he stepped behind
Dudes struggling form. Drawing his arm back he
SLLLLLLLLLLLAAAAAAAAASHHHHHHHHED the burning quirt across the small of
the lads back. The flames seared the flesh as the quirt opened it.
Again and again the heavy little burning whip cut into the flesh of
the screaming slaves body. Desperately Dude sought o avoid the lash,
his body twisting and dancing in mid air in ways that Nuryeve had
never thought possible. NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
AIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEE
PLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
STTTTTTTTTTOOOOPPPPPPPPP
MAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSTTTTEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
PPPPPLEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSEEEEEEEE!  The boy' throat
and back were raw. FX hissed each time Dudes wildly swinging body
pulled out of reach of the quirt.

"FX hold UP! I can Help!" Eisanna's voice rang out drawing FX's
attention. He kept the whip moving so that the flames would not race
up to bun him. Small embers of burning leather dotted the grass
between them. "Grimli...Your balls come out of the vise if you keep
him in place...No Hands and Hurt Him! He Dared...HE DARED TO TURN ON
HIS OWNER!!!" The stately blonde was nearly foaming as she sent her
slave in. Grimli dove for position. No Hands...uh...body
block..NO...YES SHE WILL BE PLEASED!!. He sank into position beneath
Dude and reached up, his jaws clamping hard down on the  tender organ
and chewing. Dudes screams went up an octave as the powerful bulldog
like jaws masticated his cock like a piece of steak.
"YEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSS Perfect!! GET HIM SLAVE!!!" FX brought
the quirt back into play sandwiching the hanging man between hell and
a hard place. There was no place for him to go...the tenacious slave
held him in place for the burning whip. Wildrose's eyes glazed as she
watched her blood heating as the errant slave was tortured and
punished....finally she could stand it no longer and dove beneath
Grimli to rim his anus squirming around so that the dropping bits of
burning leather fell on her flesh as well. With a final scream Dude
hung limp in the chains, the pain to great for his mind to face,
forcing it to retreat.

FX dropped the whip as soon as he saw Dude go slack and stomped out
the flames. The last of his rage drained from him as the saw the mess
he had made of the slave. Grimli shuddered as wildrose mouthed him
into climaxing, his balls screaming in pain as they attempted to force
the cum between the roller trapped vans and out. With a groan of pain
he unclenched his jaws and looked at the ruin he had made of Dude. The
mangled piece of flesh dripped blood and was torn. 

Tony helped to lift the unconscious man to the lawn and Mary brought
over her bag to treat his burned back. Looking around the sadists
found their slaves huddled together, a look of fear coloring their
eyes in pale white faces. For all the pain their owners shared with
them they had never seen one of them out of control with anger. FX
knelt beside his slave and held his head as Mary treated him. His eyes
spilled tears over the pain he felt. He had loved the slave, elevated
and trained him to be companion more than toy...and he had turned on
him. It was his mistake.. his error, but Dude had paid for it dearly.
With burdened heart he looked at his peers...."I have never struck my
slaves in anger.. never let rage get the better of my
judgement....look at what I have done to this beautiful boy..." His
voice was choked in his throat. "Please....help me put him in the
car...I want to take him home." Nothing was said as they lifted the
lad into the car and Tony replaced the electronic brain. They held
their slaves close to them and stroked them...each lost in their own
thoughts as they watched FX drive away.




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			38. A Study in Black

The slaves, distressed looked up at their owners. So far none of them
had ever seen their owners out of control with anger. Thinking on what
they had just witnessed and knowing the penchants of their Sadists
they each swore solemnly never to push them to that degree. It was
with some concern that the Sadists themselves contemplated whether
they too could be pushed that far.

The group milled lost in thought and nibbled at the catered meal.
Brandy heeled close to Glen, moving only when he did, her eyes
watching him closely. She had attempted to escape...would he...was he
so out of control. The girls mind turned to the antics she had seen
dogs go through when they had been caught in the wrong. What could she
do to show how contrite she was...with FX gone there was no way for
her to tell him, to promise never to try again...and would he believe
her even if there was? Glen pulled together a plate of food and
wandered to sit beneath one of the trees. His eyes were clouded with
his thoughts and Brandy and Bruno lay beside him. Tentatively Brandy
pressed against his hand with her face. Glen ate slowly...paying
little attention to his pets beside him, and Brandy grew concerned.
She was afraid that he would have her legs amputated, but worse she
had never seen him in a black mood before. Even Bruno lay quietly
watching his Master.

Brandy decided she could not be in worse trouble than she already was
and tightened her resolve. She needed to show him that she would no
longer attempt to run from him..accepted her fate fully. Carefully and
slowly she edged away from Glen. Her worried eyes casting back to see
if he noticed and was angry. He did not look up. She could not see
that he was watching her from the edge of his peripheral vision as she
crept on hands and knees toward his bags. She bent and opened the bag
with her mouth, every inch of her trembling in fear...if this did not
work she would never be able to stand, even if he released her.
Reaching into the bag she pulled out an object with her mouth. She did
not dare to use her hands...she had to prove to him that she could
remain as he commanded of her and still remain whole. 

Cautiously she approached him, with the object in her mouth, her head
bowed, so that he could not see what it was. Glen sat quietly watching
her as she approached him again, Bruno looking at her curiously.
Brandy sat just out of reach...her head still bowed..and took a deep
breath.

With a flip of her head and a firm THWOMP! she spit the hard ball at
Glen to see it land in his lap. Her cunt and heart clenched as she
waited for his reaction. Glen looked at the ball and back at the girl
sitting there, a look of hope and fear on her face and laughed. His
saturnine face split into a huge grin as he took the ball and rolled
it to her to toss back to him again. Brandy leaned and picked it up
and shot it back to him. Brunos yip of delight as the ball bounced
past Glen and he chased it, seemed to bring the sun from behind a
cloud. Glen tossed his plate aside and lurched from the ground toward
the girl. Brandy grinned and rolled to avoid him, only to be dragged
back into his arms and petted and stroked. His hands raced over her
belly and cunt as he tickled and fondled his bitch.

Her giggles attracted Brunos attention and he raced over with the ball
to join in the wrestling match. Soon it was a rolling ball of fur and
flesh and clothing that greeted the eyes of the race goers...as the
bitch and her two lovers played freely. Bruno could still smell the
heat in his bitch and the play soon changed in tempo and meaning as
his loins thrust against any part of her he touched. Laughing still
Glen pulled her to her knees and turned her face toward Bruno. Brandy
at this point was showing the signs of arousal, Glens hands had teased
her flesh to the point of need and she leaned to take her studs cock
in her mouth, sucking and licking at it as it thrust into her throat.
Glen looked at the hot haunches in front of him and forced his cock
home in her ass. 

It was the first time that Brandy had been fucked by Glen, she had
only been allowed to suck him during the past few days, and the sweet
pumping of his cock in her ass drove her to greater efforts on Brunos
cock. It was a happy family that came to a mutual orgasm as she rutted
between the two males...canine and human.

Nubaby looked at Tony....she had seen what was done to Dude in anger,
and knew that her owner did not need to be angry. She looked down and
saw the results of his passions already on her flesh. Her mine
raced...somehow she had to find a key to either unlock his heart...or
escape. Either way she needed him to trust her and more freedom. She
looked with envy at Karen. The girl was eagerly sucking her Masters
cock where he stood leaning against a tress. Her Mistress was petting
and stroking her. The sight brought tears of longing and pain to her
eyes. Nubaby did not quite understand why she was finding the uses
that Tony was putting her flesh to so exciting, but she still longed
for a gentle touch. She wondered if anyone was looking for her and
Brandy yet....they had come to L.A. for a long weekend....just a short
vacation really. No one really knew where they were...but even more,
Nubaby turned her head to watch Brandy relaxed and laying between Glen
and Bruno with a silly well fucked look on her face, would Brandy want
to go back? Nubaby looked over at where Tony stood watching her...more
to the point...would she?

Well in for a penny she thought to herself...the worse he could do was
hurt her..and she had heard Miss Mary tell Tony she needed a few more
days to recover...but maybe he would feed her or finally remove the
wire brace from her mouth. NuBaby pulled herself to her knees. Stiffly
at first but with more flexibility than she had thought she would have
she crawled to Tony and knelt at his feet. Tony looked down in
surprise...he had not expected the girl to come willingly to him.
Suspiciously he looked at her. What could she be up to. He had never
trusted females...they were slippery, conniving sluts who needed to be
kept well in their places. His own mother had taught him that well.
NuBaby took a large gulping breath through her mouth and reared up on
her knees. Shaking she placed her welted and pierce tit in easy reach
of his hand. She knew that he could easily crush the small swollen
globe or caress it. It was his choice, but it was also a chance she
had to take. Maybe, if he saw that she was willing, at least a little,
he would be gentler. Tony watched, studying the cunts eyes and trying
to see behind them. "Are you horny slut?..Miss my touch?" His voice
was cold and mocking. NuBaby lowered her head but did not move
otherwise. His hand slowly reached out and teased the nipple between
his fingers. Each caress took in more and more of the mangled breast
meat, until he rested its weight in the palm of his hand his fingers
curled around it. NuBaby found her breath growing quick in her
chest...the gentle touch had felt sooo good and she found a tingling
thrill racing through her cunt.

With studied deliberation Tony began to crush the meat between his
powerful fingers, grinding the tender tormented glands into screaming
pain. Nubaby swallowed her scream as she was rocked back on her
haunches by the excruciating pain. Tears filled and overflowed her
eyes, but she did not pull away from the pain. Her eyes watched as her
tit flowed between his fingers, bulging grotesquely. Soft moans
escaped the girls throat as she began to ride the wave of pain, as a
nurse she knew about endorphins but was surprised to find the pain
lessening and a humming of hunger waking in her flesh.

Tony was amused..she really seemed to be enjoying it. But why was she
actively soliciting the pain from him...what did she want?
Escape..that he expected...to get in his good graces...he had none. He
decided to play along and see just how far the cunt would play it.

"Raise your ass for me slut!" Tony released the tit and NuBaby's head
brushed the ground in pain and relief as the blood washed back in.
Painfully she turned so that her ass face her Owner. Taking a deep
sobbing breath she raised it as high as she could and waited. He had
shown a taste for rapeing her ass and she figured that is what he
would do now. Tony had other plans though...how far would this bitch
go willingly, before she tried to get away. Tony walked away from her,
leaving her with her ass raised in the air. Nubaby could feel the eyes
looking her over, seeing the stitches and burns in her cunt lips and
worried....where was he going. She was soon to find out.

Tony thought rapidly....how could he push the slut...make her show her
true colors...then it came to him. An evil smile crossed his face...he
knew just the thing and Gene should definitely have some in the
stable. Tony disappeared into the gloom to re-emerge a few minutes
later a bottle filled with white fluid and a hose in his hand.
Stopping by the BBQ he gathered together some of the discarded food
from the garbage onto a plate and carried all of the items back to the
waiting captive. 

"Well bitch, have you learned not to speak to your betters?" NuBaby
did not dare look up, but nodded her head. Placing the object out of
her sight, Tony reached into his back pocket and pulled out his all
purpose tool. Gripping the cunts hair he yanked her head back and
inserted the clipper ends into her mouth and snipped the bracing bars
in two. Nubaby screamed in agony as he broke the solder free from her
fillings, with little heed to whether he damaged a tooth or not. With
a smile he placed the food in front of her as she worked her jaws.
They were stiff from being clamped open and painful to move.  Nubaby
looked down at the meal before her, half-eaten corncobs, discarded
rolls, baked beans and tough end meat that others had not wanted. Her
stomach rumbled in hunger. She had not had anything solid for several
days...and even this slop looked good to her. She remembered her
lesson in the kitchen well and did not reach for the food. 

With disdain Tony pulled his cock from his pants. "Eat bitch, your
food is going to spoil." NuBaby feared a trick but leaned down to eat
what she could of the slop. As she took the first mouthful Tony
released his bladder over her head and the plate, the hot urine
running into her hair, eyes and mouth to pool in the food on the
plate. sobbing at the ruined meal, Nubaby continued to eat, she knew
if she ever wanted to gain some trust, some compassion, she had to do
as he commanded no matter what. "I didn't want you to get thirsty
cunt. Now finish your food like a good slut." Nubaby choked down the
garbage and piss, her stomach disgusted, but knowing she needed to
eat. Her concentration was fully on the plate before her and her plans
when she felt the rubber hose being shoved and fed deep into her ass.

oh God...what is he gonna do now...please....don't make it hurt
.....please. As she prayed silently she could feel the tube snaking
its way deep into her colon. Tony watched as the slut gobbled up the
garbage and piss like the pig she was and satisfied that the tube was
a deep as it could go without rupturing anything, began to pour the
contents of the bottle through the hose. He emptied the bottle
watching the thick white liquid plop slowly into the tube....and held
it until he was sure that the contents had flowed fully down it before
he removed it.

Tony stood and waited......   




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			39. A Turning Point

NuBaby tried to concentrate upon the meal before her and not the
filling of her ass. She could feel the pressure as something fluid
filled her and knew that it bode no good. Little Tony did was designed
to bring her pleasure. Tony looked around at his employers and friends
and held up the bottle. Gene recognized it...and felt for the girl. It
was his bottle of Corn Huskers Solution, a hand lotion that he used to
keep his mares feet from becoming to rough. The Solution was innocuous
enough used externally...a good strong tingle as it soaked into the
flesh...but internally?

NuBaby felt the first wave of burn as the thick lotion soaked into her
colon. She tried to maintain her position, wanted to please him, but
then the shock troops hit and she was gone. The girl hit the ground
rolling and screaming as the menthol and other oils in the lanolin
liniment sent her flesh flaring with pain. Her stomach cramped and
bowels tried to eject the thick liquid designed to coat and soak into
work hardened hands. Slowly, oh so very slowly it began to leak from
her ass...try as she might to eject it as she would an enema. Her
hands clawed at her ass and cunt as some of the Solution leaked onto
the healing flesh and burned into it. Incoherently she wept and begged
for relief from the pain. Tony watched and smiled...."UP BITCH..ON
YOUR KNEES!" NuBaby could not respond, her body had a mind of its own
as it fought the searing pain. Tony reached out and pulled her head up
by her hair and slapped her across her face. "I SAID KNEES CUNT" The
slap shook the agonized girl but brought her awareness back to the
world and not just her pain. Gouging her fingernails into her thighs
she brought herself as erect on her knees as possible. "Do you want
the pain to end cunt? Then tell me what you are!"
NuBabys mind chased itself as the pain interfered with her ability to
think.."WHAT ARE YOU SLUT!" Finally it came to her....her soul
screamed in torment as she finally said the word..."Sureibu...I am
sureibu Master." NuBaby did not know which was worse the fire that
seemed to consume her from the inside....or declaring herself a slave.
Tony grinned and swung the little oriental girl off the ground,
tucking her under one arm he carried her over to the water hose at the
stable and dropped her in the mud.

Turning on the cold water, her forced her face into the mud and shoved
the hose nozzle into her ass. NuBaby screamed, mud bubbling into her
mouth, but she didn't care...the pain was negligible compared to the
torment burning within. The freezing cold well water pumped ice runs
against the fire in her ass, the water returning white at first and
slowly clearing as the last of the liniment was washed out. NuBaby
clawed at her tits..the solution had burned so deeply into her flesh
it felt as if there were thousands of fire ants crawling under her
skin. Finally Tony was satisfied the girl was emptied of the Corn
Huskers. He pressed her body fully into the mud and ground it down
with his heel. "What are you Slut?" NuBaby spit mud from her mouth and
wept the word..Sureibu. "And a Filthy one at that...I wonder if Gene
needs a pig to root around in his mud for him. Root pig...show him
what a good pig you are!" NuBaby dripped silent tears as she forced
her own face into the mud to shove it about with her nose. Tony pulled
a piece of meat from his pocket...it wasn't much, but it was clean,
until he dropped it in the mud before the rooting girl. "Oooooooooo
What's that little pig...why it's...Ooops!" Tony stepped on the piece
of meat and ground it into the mud.."Ahhh a pig treat...show me how
much you want it pig...squeal for me....squeal and root for the meat
pig." NuBaby tried...oh how she tried to squeal but none of the sounds
she made pleased him. He slid his hand between her legs and gripped
her burn labia. With a flick of his wrist her nearly over turned the
girl as he twisted the burned flesh...NuBabys squeal reached levels
most pigs would have envied. "Find your treat little pig...root for
it." With broken heart and sunken spirits she dug the piece of filth
covered meat from the mud and waited for permission to eat it. Tony
grinned as she waited....yes this one would last a while before he
grew tired of her..."Eat your slop Sureibu"

Grimli looked over at his Mistress. He knew better than to remind her
of her promise to remove the vise, but prayed that she would remember.
He looked down at his balls and winced...he could barely feel them
anymore, they were swollen and inflamed, with nasty streaks of red
running through the bruised flesh. He wondered if they would recover
or if he would lose them. Eisanna finally turned from the table, a
small container in her hands and walked back to where her slaves
waited. "Kneel Grimli" She had never seen him obey so quickly as he
dropped straight down on his knees. "Now where did I put that key?
hmmmmmmmmm...ahhh YES!!!! wildrose bend over." The girl did as
commanded, she knew where her Mistress had tucked the sharp key all
too well. Eisanna inserted a finger and began to probe the girls ass.
A sharp slap landed hard on the girls taut ass cheek. "YOU SUCKED it
deeper you silly slut. Now I have to fish for it!" Wildrose
groaned...Mistress had not bothered to wet much less lubricate her
finger....and she was beginning to slip another inside. Stretching the
tight anus, Eisanna entered a third and fourth finger in, pulling the
rosebud apart, finally her thumb joined the rest. "Help me you stupid
fishwife...PUSH BACK!" Obediently wildrose ground her ass back onto
Eisanna's hand forcing the dainty fist into her rectum. Eisanna began
to fish around like a woman searching a pocketbook as the pained and
heated girl fucked back trying to help her Mistress.
"Ahhh...almost...almost got it...YES!" With out so much as a thank
you, Eisanna yanked her fist from the girls ass...the pain driving the
slave to her knees. She held up the key in her hand, it was stained
but relatively clean..."Yuck...we get home you get an enema...your
filthy in there girl." "Yes Mistress" the girl gasped from the ground,
her loins grinding against thin air in hunger. Eisanna offered the key
and her hand to Grimli. 

Grimli shuddered...he knew what she wanted, but his body and mind
balked at it. Still if WAS the only way to free his nuts. Tentatively
he stuck out his tongue and began to clean her hand. His mind recoiled
and then clamped down on his stomach...his only thought..."DON'T THROW
UP ON THE MISTRESS!!!!" After what seemed an eternity Eisanna felt her
hand and the key were clean enough. Gripping the vised balls she
twisted them so that the lock was accessible. Grimli locked his teeth
in pain as she maneuvered his mangled jewels and unlocked the top bar.
Eisanna waisted no time...she removed the rollers , bottom then top
and smiled. Grimli took a death grip on his ankles as the blood raced
into the bruised flesh in an effort to bear the pain. His balls and
sack had received the minimal amount of blood to keep them healthy and
they had still swollen...no his body had clear rein to reach the
damaged areas.
GGGGGGGGGRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!
His eyes closed in pain as he attempted to hold his position. Eisanna
lifted the rapidly swelling globes and kneaded them gently..then
placed them in the bowl she had brought with her and covered them in
ice. "They stay in there until I say otherwise"
Grimli groan and sunk his nuts as deep as he could into the soothing
cold.

Karen had spent the rest of the afternoon entertaining her Master and
Miss as best she could. They would not torment her flesh until Mary
deemed her healed from the hysterectomy, but there were still many
many ways she could amuse them. Though sadistic in nature, enjoying
the pain the girl would bear for them as a tree bore apple..they cared
enough to insure that she was well taken care of. Eagerly she had
begged tidbits from their fingers, dancing upon her knees in circles
as they teased her. She had nuzzled and sought to serve as her Masters
toilet, licked and teased her Mistress into cumming and followed them
about the lawn when they permitted. Her mind kept returning to the
fiery beating she had seen Dude given...and prayed she never angered
her owners to that point...she would do all that they asked of her.

"Karen...we have a little surprise for you..." Marys voice was warm as
she stroked her pet. "We could see how much you enjoyed serving under
Bruno this past weekend." Karen closed her eyes in some trepidation,
she had found sucking and fucking the dog painful, but somehow
compelling as well. "Anyway Karen...we did not get you a Dog...we did
get you something better." Tom smiled down at the shaking slave. He
knew that internally she would be afraid...but would serve as they
demanded. He rose and went into the barn to return leading a Welsh
Pony Palomino Stallion. "Gene picked him up for us and he will be
delivered to the house tomorrow...His name is Satyr." Karen curled in
fear into her Mistress' lap. She knew nothing about ponies, but had
the feeling she would never sit a saddle on this one. He was not very
tall..but well formed, standing proud in the afternoon sun. Karens
eyes however were not drawn to his beauty or his stature...but to the
dark pendulous cock hanging beneath his belly. She estimated it to be
at least a foot long and he was not even excited. Tom led the pony
over to the girl. The stallion whiffed as his head moved along her
face and hands seeking a treat. The muzzle was soft as velvet and
warm, smelling sweetly of hay. Karen tried to shrink into her
Mistress' lap as the horse sniffed and nuzzled at her. "Open your legs
cunt" Karen kept shaking her head no as she fought her fear of what
would be. "OPEN CUNT!" A picture flashed across her mind of Tom and
Mary angry with her...then of her being given to Tony to play with and
her legs fell open. Still holding the halter Tom knelt and pulled a
small vial from his pocket, flipping the top up on it he poured
several drops on the girls cunt and  sealed the lid again. His hand
massaged the drops into her mons, and then placed the vial back into
his pocket. Glen had told him that what was in the vial was enough to
train the pony. Satyr caught a tantalizing scent and began to dance in
place as his head cast about for the direction. His nose drew him to
the girls cunt...And he began to push and lick at it...he could smell
a mare in heat...visuals did not matter..the scent was enough.

Karen moaned in fear as she saw the stallions cock begin to grow...14"
and still coming...oh god he'll kill me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			40. Time After Time

Satyr's tongue and soft velvety lips probed and nuzzled between the
frightened girls legs. Marys hands dropped over her shoulders to grip
and knead the tender tits as the pony lipped and moved the clit ring.
As scared as she was Karen could still not stop her bodies response as
the warm gentle breath and rough tongue teased and excited her cunt.
As her Mistress held and controlled her her cunt began to seep and
lift to meet the stallions mouth. Satyr did not quite understand..it
was not a female of his kind but she smelled of a mare in heat. His
body responded to the pheromones and he began to step nervously
looking for someway to mount the female. Tom pulled his head up and
around to turn him, and Satyr rose on his hind legs..he did not want
to be pulled away, his balls were churning and every instinct was not
to leave the female. Leaning all of his weight into it Tom finally got
the pony turned so that his heavy cock was right over Karens tits.
"Touch it cunt...take him in your hands" Mary squeezed the girls tits
hard to get her attention. Karen knew that she had no choice...what
her owners demanded of her she would do or be punished. Her eyes
dropped in fear and shame as she touched the ponies cock...only to
flash open. It had felt so warm and alive in her hands, not
slimy..but..vital. She could see the different shape of the head from
Brunos or Masters..it was flatter somehow and as flexible as a humans.
Satyr shivered his skin as the girls hands gripped his cock. Toms firm
grip on his halter kept him from dancing forward and he stood as she
began to run her hands up and down under her Mistress' command. "EAT
bitch" Karens started at the command, her hands dropping the ponies
cock like it was on fire. She tried to shrink away...she had already
be forced to suck the dog and drink his cum, to fellate her Master and
Tony, even to eat her Mistress...to drink piss, but she could not face
this...Wildly she tried to back away, knowing she would be punished
for it, but her mind rejecting the command even as it was repeated.
Satyr nickered, trying to pull his head around to see where the warm
tight feeling had gone to. Mary would not brook her slave balking at
her command. She would punish the girl for this later, but for now she
would do as she was ordered. Her hand snaked into the hair at the back
of Karens head and pulled her into place by it. Karen her body
fighting back weakly was confronted with the throbbing pony cock in
front of her nose. She clamped her teeth and lips tight. Mary had
anticipated her action and gripped the clit ring in her fingers with a
vicious yank and twist of it she forced a scream of pain from the
quailing girl and as her mouth opened switched from the clit and
forced the pony's cockhead into her open mouth. "I SAID EAT BITCH"
Satyr flinched and stepped as the teeth scrapped over his cock and the
sluts mouth engulfed just the head. Marys hand pulled and pushed at
the slaves head in parody of an eager mouth sucking, forcing as much
of the ponies cock into her mouth as possible. Karens eyes leaked as
she was forced to fellate the pony, her jaws spread wide and aching as
her head was thrust up onto the cock and pulled back. Satyr was not
happy, try as he might he could not get all of him into the girls
mouth, but his haunches worked with what he had. His balls tightened
up behind him, urging him to thrust harder. Karen could not free her
head, she was trapped as the pony's cock shoved to the back of her
throat, she could feel her jaws creak as he pulsed nearer to cumming.
Desperately she tried to breathe through her nose as he filled her
mouth with pulsating throbbing cock. Satyr gave in to the inevitable
as his balls loosed their first load ever. Boiling out the end of his
cock his sperm flooded Karens mouth and back-filled to run down her
chin and splash hotly on her body. Some of it reached her stomach, she
had no choice but to swallow or drown.....she had never thought that
any cock could cum so much, it filled her mouth and still ran down her
face no matter how fast she swallowed. Satyr was finally finished, the
last of his cum dribbling from his cock as Mary pulled the girls mouth
from him. 

Karen lay on the wet grass where the cum had puddled, her mouth gaping
as she retched. Tom tied the lead to the tree and Satyr began to graze
as the slave wept. "Get used to it girl...we bought him for you.
Afterall...girls do love to ride their ponies and you will ride his
cock as often as it pleases us." Tom voice thundered in her ears...she
knew what he meant..she would serve as a sexual slave to the pony as
well as them...Karen could not think how but knew that they would
force her to accept the cock inside as well as fellate it. Mary
watched as the slave wept in the cooling cum..."You will be punished
for refusing a command bitch...count on it. You will never refuse
another one no matter what." Karen just lay there...the words hanging
heavy on her soul, punished...she had never been punished by them, but
knew the pain they drew from her flesh in pleasure....what worse could
they do to her as punishment?

Dude had awaken in the car as FX drove home. Laying on his stomach in
the backseat he tried to pull his mind and thoughts together. The pain
in his burned back was overwhelming, but not as bad as it had
been...Mary must have given him something for it. He listened as FX
castigated himself for beating him when he did not have control of
himself. Dude drifted back into sleep as the car bounced its way home.

When he next came too...he could feel the pain in his back
clearer....and remember what had happened. Confusion ranked in his
mind until he realized that FX had draped him across a rolling butlers
cart to get him into the house. He was unable to help as FX maneuvered
him into bed to lay face down. The pain was enough as he was moved to
take him thankfully back down into the darkness.

FX peeled back the covering over the burns as Mary had
instructed..taking care not to hurt the lad more than necessary. He
was happy that Dude was unconscious...it would make it easier. His
eyes took in the damage that the flaming whip had done. Most of the
burns were second degree though a few were third and the back had been
cut to ribbons...either would have been life threatening...together
they made a deadly combination. He raced back to the car to get the
supplies that Mary had given him...stopping only to fetch a basin of
warm water. She had shown him how to debride the wounds, removing the
dead flesh so that new could grow, and she had cleaned the wounds of
all of the remaining gel and leather, but they could still infect.
Sadly he looked at his handiwork...He would take care of his slave,
his stand-in would just have to do the play for now...Dude needed him.
He opened the packet of burn wash that Mary had given him. She had
said that the tannin in it would help to keep the wounds dry and
promote healing. Gently he began to sponge the wounds, each moan of
pain from the unconscious boy eating into him. He loved the slave,
though Dude did not believe it, and what he had done had pushed him
over the edge...he had not meant to destroy the slave like this. No
slave deserved to be used so. He pulled a packet from the insulated
bag and opened it. Snapping on sterile gloves she had given him he
began to spread the Pluronic(R) F68 gel over the wounds. She had told
him that bacteria could not be permitted to get a foothold in the dead
flesh...FX thought about the Doctor as he worked. She had promised to
stop by later with some more supplies and the check on Dude. She had
mentioned a new treatment..that was just undergoing clinical trials on
burns. He hope that she would be able to get some of the...uh what was
it she called it? Poloxamer 188? If she could, she thought that it
would cover the burns and help them heal faster...he only knew that he
would do what it took to heal Dude and if he wanted his release
afterwards..he would find a good owner for him. He looked down at the
lad, knowing the pain he would be in if he awoke, and then over at the
two needles Mary had measured out and given him. One was an
antibiotic...the other morphine...slowly he picked up the pain killer
and reached for the boys arm.

Race day had begun to settle down....Grimli looked at the pool of cold
water his balls now rested in...he could not be sure but they looked a
little smaller. He looked over at Eisanna where she stood wearing out
another licorice whip on wildrose...the girl standing her back to a
tree and trying to catch the painfully sweet strands in her mouth as
they flashed over her tits and face. He looked up as Mary approached
and then dropped his eyes as he saw the storm cloud warning in hers.
Mistress had warned him never to look at Mary or Tom but it was a hard
habit to break. He shivered as she gripped his balls firmly and lifted
them from the water. "Eisanna! He has developed water sacs around the
balls...shall I treat them?" "Of course Darling you are the Doctor."
Eisanna laughed as wildrose tugged at the candy whip in her mouth and
chewed...."Silly BITCH let go...your gonna get fat!" wildrose grinned,
her face and tits welted from the whip. Eisanna had attempted to avoid
her face, but the silly slut kept dropping her head in the way at the
last moment and snatching for the whip with her teeth.

"Tony, I need a box and the flashlight....oh and my bag." Tony brought
the items over and cut one side out of the box at Mary instructions.
Placing the box over Grimlis balls to form a shadowbox...he watched as
Mary pulled a long thin needle from the bag and attached it to a
syringe. Taking the flashlight she rested Grimlis ball on the leans to
illuminate the water sack surrounding it. If the fluid was not
removed...he could lose his balls...it would cushion and at the same
time allow necrosis to set in. Grimli took one look at the needle and
blanched then turned his head away...he could not even watch it
approach. Mary pulled the flesh taut and began to insert the point
slowly. She would treat him, but there was no reason for her not to
enjoy it. A tiny hiss of pain escaped his lips as the bruised scrotum
was pierced and the needle entered the sack. Mary pushed it into the
water sack and began to draw the fluid off...satisfied that one was
clear she did not remove the needle but left it in place as she rolled
the other teste onto the flashlight lens. Grimli locked his arms at
his side as she probed across the scrotum to the other teste and
inserted the needle...a little too much pressure and he screamed as
the needle scrapped across the balls surface. Mary laughed and pulled
back a hair...to draw off the fluid. "Eisanna, he has
possibilities...that pain would have sent most running across the
lawn." She withdrew the needle and shot the clearish yellow fluid
across the yard before dismantling it. "Keep his balls frosted for the
night and he should be fine...if the fluids builds again....well I
have more needles.

She looked over at Karen and then to where NuBaby still knelt in the
mud...Tony clean them up....we need to get started if we are to stop
at FX's before we go home...

Her mind turned to what punishment to set for Karen....She would have
to learn..... 




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			41. A Lesson Learned

Tony dragged the two slaves in range of the hose and turned it on
them...squeals of shock as the ice cold well water flushed their skins
clean singing through the early dusk air. With satisfaction that they
would not dirty up the van, Tony herded NuBaby and karen towards it.
Tony spread a plastic tarp over the back seat and floor. He took great
satisfaction in securing them naked on the back seat. Each girl had
her hands secured to a brace bar over her head, and her lower body
pulled forward to rest barely on the seat edge before their legs were
interlaced and cuffed to the back braces for the middle seats. With
their legs spread this way their cunts would be exposed for idle play
during the drive, and their arms would have to support them against
the bumps in the roads. He arraigned the window curtains so that they
were open just enough to expose the girls briefly during bumpy spots.
Tony turned to stowing away the toys and equipment that Mary had
brought with her. 

"Mary...I know that you have to make a stop at FX's on the way home,
but I want to stop by for the night and stay...I want to make sure
that chuck is going to be ok before I take him home. I think that at
least one night in your surgery will do him good." "DebiJean
..actually I am glad that you asked...I was going to ask you to come
over...I need to punish karen for balking and disobedience and I think
your talents might come in handy...Do you mind?" ""Mary, my
pleasure...." "Ok I should be back home in about 3 hrs...meet you
there." Mary turned to Gene..."Gene I have had a wonderful
time...thank you...your pony outdid herself today." Gene stroked
lizettes chilling flesh..."I am proud of her...she will get a treat
and extra rations tonight...maybe even a chance to cum." Lizette
nuzzled into her Masters shoulder at the thought of being allowed to
cum. "I will have Satyr delivered late tomorrow...Tom be careful with
him...he is larger than your slut and you will need a good brace for
her if he is to mount...and you will need to keep him under tight
control so he doesn't rupture her." "Don't worry Gene..I think I have
just the mounting stall for her and him. Thank you for everything"
They climbed into the van and Tony began working his way towards FX's
house.

"Slut you embarrassed me today...you are going to learn that no matter
what I tell you to do, you WILL do it..without any hesitation." karen
lowered her eyes in shame, she could still taste the ponies cum in her
mouth, but more than even her shame at having had to service the
animal was her shame at having failed her Mistress and Master the
first time they took her out. Slow fat tears ran from the corner of
her eyes...she knew that whatever punishment they enacted on her flesh
would be painful..but not so painful as allowing her fear and disgust
to make her fail her newly accepted owners and the collar she wore.
The bouncing of the van as it made its way down the mountain side
wrenched at their arms as karen and Nubaby bounced uncontrollably.
Mary turned to whisper to Tom and discuss the punishment she had
planned. "Hmmm Don't forget to stop at the drugstore Tony on the way."
"Yes Ma'am"

Tony brought the van to a smooth halt in the driveway of FX's
home....Karen and NuBaby 
could just barely see the Spanish styled home of the stage star...but
it held little interest for them. They were trying to pull their
travel tormented bodies back up on the seat, as Mary and Tom got out.
Gathering up her purchases they approached the house. Tony turned to
look at the two girls and smiled. Nubaby could smell a cigarette
burning as she felt the van shift under her Masters weight. She did
not dare look up...but shivered as she felt his eyes on her. "Well
little sureibu...are you feeling lonely...miss your Master?" Nubaby
knew she could not give a correct answer to that question....either
way was bound to hurt her. Tony brought his hand down to caress her
thigh near the top...she could see the cigarette burning between his
fingers. Her cunt clenched in fear as he stroked her flesh. "Open your
mouth cunt...now bitch." NuBaby whimpered but opened her mouth
wide..she had learned the penalty for slowness. Tony wadded up a dirty
rag he used to clean up the van and forced it into her mouth. NuBaby
could taste the oil and dust in the rag as it filled her mouth to gag
her. His hand rose, trailing lightly over her quivering belly to the
small bruised tits and brown nipples. Lightly, almost casually he
brushed the cigarette coal over the pert nipple. NuBaby jumped as the
coal burned her nipple, groaning her pain into the rag..."Oh...so
sorry my pet...did that hurt?" Tony bent his head to kiss and lick the
scorched nipple, sucking it into his mouth. Nubaby tried not to, but
her body began to respond to the gentle sucking of her nipple. Tony
could smell the girls fear and excitement...and timed it just
right...as she finally relaxed into the arousal of her flesh ..he bit
down, sinking his teeth into the turgid nipple as his hand brought the
cigarette to her other nipple and burned it. Nubaby exploded in pain
and struggled on the edge of the seat. She could not tear her nipple
from his mouth the grip was too tight and she feared she would leave
the pained nub behind..but she had to get away from the cigarette
roasting her other nipple. Her screams were muffled behind the rag, as
her body arced and jerked in pain. Karen tried to close her ears and
eyes against the pain the other slave was in...with their legs
intertwined she bore the girls weight as she trashed about. She could
smell the smoke and hear the sizzle of flesh as the girl suffered in
her Masters hands...then the smell of fresh piss...as Nubaby lost
control of her bladder to spatter the plastic beneath them. Tony
finally let go and smiled, licking the blood from his lips..."Soon
bitch you will cum when I touch you that way..."

NuBaby hung her head and wept.

Dude looked up as FX led Mary and Tom into the room...his mind was
fuzzy from the drugs...but the pain was also held at bay. Fx hovered
at the head of the bed...feeding ice chips to Dude as well as mopping
his feverish forehead as Mary took a good look at the burns. "I called
Gerry while I was at the drug store...he will have the Poloxamer 188
delivered tomorrow, in the meantime you need to keep this bathed and
clean. Here is a weeks supply of the morphine, each dose is less than
the last...the first nights going to be the worse...but we don't want
him hooked. Gerry will bring some demerol with him."
Marys hands were efficient as she cleaned and debrided the wound,
removing the dead flesh to reveal the healthier meat beneath. She
started an IV drip to keep the young man hydrated and ran a bag of iv
antibiotic in it and a steroid. "These will help keep infection from
forming. Luckily he only has a few third degree..most are first and
second. Do not cover it with anything but the Poloxamer 188, no
material is to touch it...you might want to secure him spread eagled
so that he can not roll over. I will be back to check on him
tomorrow...in the meantime you know how to change the bag. He should
be up and ready to exercise in a few days...I don't want the scarring
to pull...if we can keep it minimal, we should be able to reconstruct
in a month." FX looked down at the silent slave on the bed..watching
the tears drip as his back was treated. He knew that the pain of
debridment must have been great, but the slave bore it bravely. Mary
stroked Dudes head...."Somehow, I don't think he will try that stunt
again FX, but I would watch him." "Mary thanks for everything...I will
take care of him...and if he is still unhappy after he is
healed...then," FX looked extremely unhappy, "I will find him a Master
he will be happy with and sell him." Dudes head moved at this but he
said nothing...his mind still fuzzy from the pain and drugs tried o
wrap itself around the concept of not being freed, but sold. "I will
stop  back again tomorrow...but for now we must get going. I still
have guests at home and a punishment to give my slave." "Mar thank you
again...you and Tom both for all you have done..I will never be able
to repay you." "Don't worry about it.." Mary and Tom gathered up her
things and with a final pat to Dudes head and a shake of FX's hand
they let themselves out leaving FX to sit and care for the damaged
slave.

"Been playing again Tony? Please clean the van when we get home..it
smells like a urinal." Mary turned to look at the weeping oriental
slave..."She does seem a little the worse for wear...but she will
survive." Mary chuckled and the van backed out of the driveway and
they made their way home.

It was with heavy heart that karen crawled from the van to follow her
owners into the house. The pain and itch of her stitches did little to
take her mind from the unknown punishment to come. Mary and Tom led
her into the living room and commanded her to lay at their feet. With
trembling flesh she groveled at their feet...she would do anything to
get them to forgive her, but knew she had little hope of mercy.

The doorbell rang after half an hour and Tony led DebiJean and her
slaves into the living room. Rabidchia settled on the floor next to
her Mistress as chuck pale and pained tried to find some position that
did not irritate his cock further. "Eisanna said to tell you she would
be back tomorrow...she is going to spend the night at
Gene's..something about working her slaves a bit." Mary nodded and
looked at Tony.."Why don't you settle chuck in the small bedroom..I
will be up to examine him later...and Tony..." "Yes Ma'am?" "Be gentle
for once." Tony nodded and with a sigh over coddling slaves, led chuck
upstairs to the room they were using as a recovery room.

Mary looked down at the groveling slave and gripped her collar in her
hand..."Basement bitch...Now!" She jerked the metal collar hard making
karen scramble to her knees. releasing the collar she watched as the
slave crawled as quickly as she could out of the room and down the
basement steps. Karens eyes took in the surgery where she had screamed
away her chance to ever have children...her flesh shaking as she
remembered the half waking nightmare of being spayed without an
anesthesia. She looked over to the platform where she had been
collared and then twice branded, when she had accepted her place in
life...as a slave. Slow tears washed her face as she felt so deep
within the anger and disappointment she had brought her Mistress and
Master when she had balked not once but three times at their command
that she service the stallion. Why had she backed from the task...she
had already served Bruno mouth and ass...she had drunk piss willingly,
eaten dog food...even shit on command...what possessed her to back
from the pony. It did not matter...not to her hurting soul and not to
her owners..it was enough that she had done so.

Mary and Debijean finished speaking as they came down the stairs
behind the slave. With practiced movements they began to prepare the
table for Karens punishment. Mary wheeled a table over to rest next to
the operating table...several trays and bottles upon it that Karen
could not see clearly. Debijean worked laying out her favorite
instruments from her bag. At last the were ready for the cowering
slave and dragged her over to the table. The girl began to move her
lips silently begging as she was forced onto the table and strapped
down...soon nothing could move on her body. Mary lifted the head of
the table so that karen would be able to see everything that was being
used..she wanted the girl to anticipate and fear as well as feel. Then
she and DJ attached the stirrups and securing karens legs in
them...spread them as wide as they would go, locking them in place.
Karen was able to watch as Mary poured a mix of boiling and cool water
into the basins on the table. DebiJean looking at each bottle and
decanting a little into each bowl..placing them so that Karen could
read the labels. Betadine..Dr.Bonners Peppermint
Soap...Alcohol...Citrus concentrate...and several other bottle. Her
eyes rolled with fear as Debijean settled between her legs. "Karen you
will answer me. Why are you being punished!" Karen tried to form the
words she had spoken only in her mind for the past week, she feared
the pain the words would bring her. "For not
obeAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEIiiiing you" The
shock collar constricted her throat as she sought to answer her
Mistress. DJ picked up a thin plastic rod and dipping it in alcohol
began to force it inside Karens urethra...The alcohol burned but no
more that the first time Miss had forced a catheter into her. Karen
shook but made no sound. DJ picked up the next. "Karen why are you
being punished?" Karens eyes rolled in fear but she responded
punishing her throat again for her failure... "For not
obeAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEIiiiing you"
tears of pain fell freely as her voice caused the shocks...this time
as DJ forced a rod within karens cunt jerked in pain. "Karen why are
you being punished?"
"MIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSSSSSTTTREEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSS
FOOOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRRRRNNNNOOTTTTTT
OBBBBEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEYYIIINNNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGG" karen struggled
against the straps as a third rod forced her urethra open.  DebiJean
smiled coldly as she spread the rods sliding an open ring between them
and forcing the tiny hole to dilate nearly 1/2 an inch. DJ watched as
the girls bladder emptied itself into a pail set on the floor. Finally
she was ready to begin. She attached a thin tube to the bottom of a
funnel, threading it between the open rods, and picked up the first
bowl. Her eyes glittered as she poured the contents...hydrogen
peroxide into the funnel and down into the girls bladder. Karens body
went rigid as the solution fizzed and bubbled in her bladder and
burned its way back foaming out of her. DebiJean picked up a thin
nipple brush for a baby bottle and removing the tube forced it between
the rods to scrub almost gently at the girls bladder opening. She did
not need to use vigor..her intent was only to abrade the opening so
that the next solution would punish. Reinserting the tube she pours
the heated peppermint soap down the funnel. Karens screams filled the
air as the soap burned its way through her bladder...the abraded
opening making her want to claw the organ from her body.  "Karen why
are you being punished?" Karens eyes were filled with pain as she
shocked her throat again adding to her punishment...she dared not
refuse to answer
"MMMMMMMMMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSTRREEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSNNNNNNNNNNO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
IEEEEEEEEEEPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPLLLLLLLLEAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSEEEEEEEEEEETTH
HHHHHHHHHISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSONEEEEEEEEEEDIIIIIDDDDDDDDDDDNOOOOOOOOOTO
OOOOOOOOOOOOBEEEEEEEEEEYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!"

Debijean forced a large foley catheter into the girl and removed the
rods. Inflating the lumen, she began to flush the girls bladder in
ernest. Solution after solution filling the girl, first hot then
cold...each in its own way a torment ...none that would hurt the
delicate tissues, but irritate and pain them. Nearly an hour of the
torture passed, with karen forced to state her failure with each
solution. Karen was drenched in sweat...wrung of every ounce of
strength before Mary was satisfied the girl would not fail again.
There was nothing left of karens voice...she had screamed her throat
raw with each confession. DebiJean ran cold water through the
catheter..rinsing all of the soap and other solutions out, then filled
the girls bladder with water forcing her to hold nearly 2 quarts at
130 degrees. Sealing the catheter they left the girl to contemplate
her failure. Karen would have promised anything...for relief as she
was left to wait for the water to cool. Watching as her Mistress
mounted the stair and turned off the light.

She would never fail again....................




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			42. A Crying Shame

Karens eyes were filled with pain as her Mistress left her to
suffer... her bladder was distended and the tender tissues inside
screamed for relief. Every moment she waited for her owners return was
an eternity of torment. She could not rest, barely swallow from the
shocks delivered to her throat. Little did she know that she was being
monitored...a small camera feeding the TV in the living room. Mary
watched as the slave shifted painfully on the table, the brand livid
on her ass, rubbing against the cold steel, as she sought some relief
from the pressure in her bladder. The long hour passed as the girl
trembled on the verge...there was not pleasure in this it was sheer
punishment...she would not go down until either the girl broke or she
deemed it too close to damaging the girls kidneys.

Karen struggled with the pain, allowing it to wash over her as she
absorbed the punishment her Mistress decreed for her disobedience. All
to soon though she was unable to remain still or to keep from
screaming and she wailed her pain and shame to the world. Her body
struggling to force the water from within her flesh. Mary listened to
the screams echoing from the TV..and smiled, a few more minutes and
she was sure that the girl would never disobey again. Slowly she and
DebiJean descended the stairs to the basement rabidchia following
behind them. Mary walked over to the girl screaming on the table.
"SHUT UP WHORE!" karen paniced...desperately she tried to quell the
screams ripping from her throat...finally pulling them down to a
muffled peal through her nose. Dj looked at her slave..."Get the
bucket" Chai looked down at the full bucket and ran to empty it...she
could see the distension of the girls belly and knew that they would
need all of the buckets capacity. There was no compassion in Marys
eyes as she stared at the slave..."DJ PULL IT!" DebiJean grinned and
reached for the catheter over chias shoulder.  Without hesitation she
yanked on the catheter, pulling it from the girls bladder in one move.
Karens muffled scream whistled through the room as it felt as if her
insides went with the tube. "HOLD IT CUNT...DON"T LET IT OUT YET"
Karens body danced in desperation as she could feel a few drops
burning their way down her piss tube and leaking...her mind trying to
control her bladder and fighting the abraded muscles for control. Mary
watched as the slaves hands clenched and she fought to obey...as DJ
pushed chia into position. "PISS BITCH"

Karen forced her muscles to clamp pushing hard...and wept as they
refused to let down her full bladder...the poor little bag cringing
back from the pain. Again and again she pushed until finally Mary
pressed hard down on the distended organ and the water sprayed from
her cunt like a fire hose gone mad. Chia yelped as the water under the
pressure of Marys hands drenched her face to drip into the bucket.
Karens face was as red as a beet, the pain as the water ripped from
her bladder nearly made her pass out. Swiftly Mary undid the straps
after the girl was empty...she was not finished with this punishment.

Mary ordered the girl from the table to kneel before her. Weeping
Karen dropped to the floor, afraid to even dare to raise her head.
"Forehead against the floor cunt" shaking karen obeyed promptly...she
barely moved when Mary kicked her legs wide apart. "Now hold your ass
up and use your hands to spread you ass cheeks." Karen did not know
what was to happen next but obeyed. "If you let go of them bitch you
will retain the water all night...understood?" Karen nodded her head
miserably....and waited. 

Mary walked over to the far corner and selected a thick
shoestrap...then turned to contemplate the slave waiting for
her..."hmmmmmmmmm", she hooked down a stun gun as well...then stalked
back to the girl. She shifted the position of the girl just a touch
then stepped back and let fly..the shoe strap landing dead center of
the girls ass and cunt.
TTTTTTHHHHHHHHWWWWWWWWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACKKKKKKKKKKKKK! Karens
fingers dug into her ass as she screamed and danced in pain....."SHUT
UP SLUT...NOT ONE MORE SOUND!"
CCCCCCCRRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAACKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK,
TTTTTTTTTTTTHHHHHHHHHHWWWWWWWWWAAAAAAAAPPPPPPPP,
SSSSSSSSSSSSLLLLLLLLLLLLLLAAAAAAAAASSSSSSHHHHHHHHH! Over and over the
strap fell, until the girl could take no more and her bladder gave way
losing what little had collected. Mary dropped the strap and stood
looking at the broken slave. ZZZZZAAAAAAAAAAAPPPPP! karens body
convulsed as the stun gun touched her cunt and she hit the floor...her
hands still pulling her ass open. Mary kicked the girl over onto her
back and touched the gun to her tits.....Karen dared not let go of her
ass nor scream...but writhed in pain before her Mistress. Mary looked
down at the girl and walked over to the intercom...."Tony bring down
that special dinner for karen." "Right away Miss"

Karen shivered as Tony descended the stairs...she could hear his heavy
tread and knew that it bode her no good. "On your knees cunt and let
go of your ass." karen scrambled to her knees her flesh shaking like
an Aspen in the wind. She stared at the steaming bowl set before her
and her mind recoiled in fear, but she knew that she dare not even
hesitate a moment. "Eat BITCH." copious tears flowed from her eyes as
Karen bent and took the fresh laid turd in her mouth....

Tony went back up to his room and the shackled slave cringing by his
bed. NuBaby still retained some dignity after she had been made to
clean the van of her mess...but a look in her eyes said she had little
hope left of ever escaping. Tony squatted before the slave and
reaching out caressed her cheek. NuBaby froze...she knew better than
to draw away..but..maybe...she still wanted him to trust her. She
turned her face so that her lips brushed against his palm. Tonys eyes
narrowed...did she think him so easily fooled? Hmmmmmmm what ..ahh
yes...have her help in her own torment....that would be an interesting
diversion. "Cunt on your back and rest your ass up on the footboard."
NuBaby shuddered that would leave her abused cunt and ass fully
exposed...but...she really had little choice...if she did not obey he
would find someway to make it even worse for her.

Tony went to his dresser and set a column candle on fire then strolled
into the kitchen to gather up a few items while NuBaby struggled into
position. Hooking her legs over the footboard of the bed...her ass and
cunt faced the ceiling. Tony returned to look down on the slave with
the rapidly reddening face. His smile was cold. Turning he picked up a
thick balloon and began to force it and his fingers into the girls
already swollen asshole. Pushing until his fist was fully in the
screaming girls ass..he made sure that there were no kinks in the
balloon before slowly withdrawing his hand. He repeated the placement
spreading the girls burned labia wide and ignoreing..nay enjoying her
screams of pain. Satisfied that things were in place, he picked up the
large funnel he had brought from the kitchen and fed the tip into the
opening of the balloon in her ass. NuBaby under the strain of the hand
forced into her, was unaware of the balloon...attributing the
discomfort to the strain of having born his hand.Her eyes widened in
fear as she saw the funnel...she knew she was about to be hurt badly. 

Tony could smell the fear in the girl and knew that she could feel the
funnel, but not tell the difference between it and the balloon it was
set in. Picking up one of the bowls he had brought back he began to
force the crushed ice into the funnel..pushing it through with the end
of a pencil. Nubaby began to shiver as her ass was slowly packed with
the crushed ice. Tony picked up the next bowl and continued to stuff
her ass. NuBaby squealed as her shit chute turned hard and packed with
the cold frozen water. At long last Tony could not pack anymore into
her...It just would not go down. He moved the funnel to her cunt and
NuBaby shivered in fear as well as cold....would she be frost bitten
to please her owner?

Tony picked up the candle and Nu's eyes tried to leave her head...she
dared not even try to escape...there was no where to go shackled to
the floor, but, she was ready to piss herself as she saw the column
hovering above the funnel. Tony raised the candle high and tipped it
so that the wax cooled a bit as it filled the funnel to drain into the
balloon in her cunt. NuBaby could feel the weight of the heated wax
filling her cunt and the freezing cold in her ass and screamed in her
torment.....there was no where for her to go...no way to escape the
two pains, she could only withstand them as she was filled with the
heated and frozen fluids. 

When Nubabys cunt could hold no more of the candles hot wax...he
splashed the last of it onto her tits and face...enjoying his slaves
torment. Tony placed the last of the candle down and tied off the
balloons in her cunt and ass. dropping her legs to the floor he yanked
her up and forced his cock into her screaming mouth. Thrusting deep
and hard he forced his cock to the back of her throat...not caring if
he choked her or not. Nubaby struggled to open her throat and to
ignore the dichotomy of cold and heat...

Within a short period Tony felt the first throb of impending orgasm
and pushed deep into the slaves throat....Nu's face was pressed fully
into his groin as he thickened and shut off her breath...Tony looked
down on the girls blueing face..as he came...Ys this slut would do
fine....she just might do for what he had planned.




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			43. A Night of Hell


Karen tried...she really did, but her stomach rejected what she was
trying to force it to accept. Her choking coughs as she re-delivered
her meal filled her ears, and she bent to obediently attempt to
re-ingest the mess. Mary stopped her...the girl had tried..she had
failed but showed she was willing to continue trying until she
succeeded. It was enough. Mary pulled the girl around until she faced
the bucket and commanded her to wash her mouth out. The slave huddled
on the floor as she obeyed..shamed that she had once again failed her
Mistress. She did not know that even in her failure she had pleased
Mary...the attempt..was worth the failure. Karen washed her mouth of
the filth and remained silently weeping. 

Mary was not angry with the girl...well she was over her balking at
the orders she had been given ..but she knew that what had been
ordered was not easy for anyone to face. She looked over at DJ and
then kicked the slave into motion sending her scrambling for the
stairs. Karen, unable to look at her Mistress' face could not know
whether she was still angry with her or not, but she herself was
heartbroken. She had barely accepted her collar and the brands, only
to fail in the first major undertaking her owners demanded of her.
Mary directed the girl into the playroom and set about settling her
for the night. Karen was forced once again into her cage, but Mary
intended that she would receive little sleep or comfort in it. Placing
karens head through the hole she secured it, turning she went and
brought back two large knobbed dildos coated with ginger oil and
forced them into the girl anally and vaginally. She ignored the moans
of pain and then set the end cap so that karen had barely a third of
the cage to kneel in. Karens own heels forced the dildos deep into her
flesh...Mary looked at the suffering girl and thought that the picture
was not complete. It was an evil gleam that entered her eyes as she
left the room, only to return shortly bearing a metal pronged roller
bar. Karens mouth was forced open and the bar shoved in then secured
with wire. The prongs stuck into her tongue and the roof of her mouth.
"There that should remind you cunt...that there is no opening on your
body that I do not own and use to amuse me." Karens head dropped...she
could not close her mouth and the oils in ass and cunt burned
deep...barely able to even wiggle she could only endure the tomentous
punishment. Mary secured the top of the cage and followed by DJ left
the room turning out the light. Karen would spend the night facing her
pain and punishment alone.

"Hmmmmmmmmm wonder where Bear and jessann are? They wanted to stay
behind...I would have expected them to still be up" Mary and DJ
ascended the stairs and started towards the nursing room to check on
chucks condition. Both women stopped and began to laugh at what the
saw at the end of the hallway. jessann stood by her Masters door, at
least they thought it was jessann they could not be sure. What ever it
was dripped feathers o the floor. The girl was bent over, her mouth
around the doorknob to the room, every part of her body was coated
with feathers save for her head...behind her rotated a fan blowing the
feathers coating her gaping cunt and ass..her legs secured open and
tied to the walls, her arms bound behind her. "Apparently Bear didn't
want a draft...or the cunt squawked too much..." Mary and DJ turned
toward the rooms door and opened it...to check on chuck.

Chuck lay secured to the waterbed, his skin clammy and pale. Mary
could see the seepage through his bandages and pursing her lips set to
work. She had been limited in what she could do at Genes farm, but now
with her medical equipment available could set about caring for the
injured slave. Moving efficiently she removed the bandages from his
cock, ignoring the moans of pain. Her experienced eyes examined the
swollen raw flesh. Startled she looked up and grabbing a penlight
examined the scleras of his eyes..."DJ...get me a basin of hot
water...and tell Tom to get my bag." DebiJean looked worried as she
raced from the room on the errand.  Mary dragged over the IV pole and
pulled a bag of Dextrose and Ringer's Lactate from the small
refrigerator in the closet.  Efficiently she started an IV line and
began to run fluids into the semi-conscious man. She would have to
work here...it would not help to move him again. Tom raced into the
room carrying Marys bag and she sent him back to her surgery for
sterile drapes, catheter and her surgical instruments. DJ returned
with the basin of hot water and Mary set about shaving a portion of
chucks thigh....carefully she marked out an area with a surgical
pencil and began to swab it down with betadine, scrubbing to remove as
much bacteria as she could. 

Chuck was barely aware of the fuss going on about him...hos mind busy
re-playing the torture he had undergone for his Mistress. His groin
was in excruciating agony...and it was with relief that he began to
sink into drugged sleep as Mary injected an anesthetic into the IV.
Tom returned with the sterile surgical instruments and drapes and Mary
began to prepare the field. When every thing was ready she went into
the small bathroom and began to scrub up. Tom stood by with a double
set of her gloves. "DJ have Tony bring up the tank of Halothane and
Oxygen..." DJ picked up the phone and called down to Tony, her worried
eyes watching her slave. It did not take long for Tony to bring the
tanks, his naked form easily carrying what most would have to wheel
in. DJ took in the healthy half hard he sported and saw the blood
drying on it....she had thought she interrupted something...but had
not been sure. 

Mary was ready to begin...Tom emptied a bag of saline solution into a
sterile basin and held it..as Mary began to cut a thin layer of skin
from chucks thigh...carefully following the lines of the pencil.
Flaying it free..she picked it up with a hemostat and laid it flat
carefully in the saline. Turning back to the graft site..she insured
that there were no bleeders before covering it with an antiseptic gel
and surgical sponges. She sealed the wound with derma-plast and then
turned to the slaves cock. Dj kept an eye on the Halothane
gauge..making sure that the mix with the oxygen stayed well within the
ranges that Mary had dictated to her. Mary removed the catheter and
flushed the urethra with saline before re-inserting a new tube. She
allowed the tube to hang and inserted it into a bag...she wanted to
keep track of his urine output and make sure that his kidneys did not
fail. Finally she was ready to tackle the large job...picking up a
clamp she lifted the raw cock and handed the ends of the clamp to Tom.
Stripping open several packs of sterile swabs..she began to clean the
sepsis from the cock..her eyes grew concerned as she realized that she
would have to scrape the damaged areas for the graft to take. Choosing
a scalpel she began to abrade the flesh...chucks body reacted to the
pain and she instructed DJ to turn up the Halothane a notch...slowly
he quieted again and she continued. Tom watched and felt his own cock
cringe in sympathy. Long slow minutes later she determined that it was
a good as it was going to get. Mary snapped bag after bag of saline
open and flushed the wound then carefully picking up the graft..fitted
it to the slave cock. It was a measure of her skill that she only
needed to trim a shade off the graft for it to fit perfectly. Using
hemostats to hold it in place she snapped off the first layer of
gloves and picked up a suture needle. Carefully she stitched the graft
into place. Mary had little thought that the graft would last..but it
would protect the raw meat beneath it, until new skin began to form.
If not..then it would take little work to complete the job and
castrate the slave. Her main concern was sepsis and systemic
infection. As she took the last stitches she instructed DJ to turn off
the halothane and continue the oxygen. 

Mary stretched and cracked her neck then went back to the refrigerator
to choose several small bags from it. Ampicillin and Biaxin for
infection, Medrol for the reduction of swelling. Hanging the bags she
started a fresh bag of dextrose and watched to make sure that the
slave was coming out of unconsciousness as she cleaned up. Checking
his heart and lungs  and pinching a fold of flesh..she was satisfied
with the responses. 

"DJ much as I hate to say this...if you are going to harvest flesh
from this one for snacks...you are going to have to work on different
areas...take only the top layer of skin, like I did for the
graft...this time was nearly too much for him." Mary added an
analgesic to the bags...roaring pain would do the slave no good in his
healing. "Guess your right Mary, hate to pay an $1,000 for one good
meal...how long before he recovers.." "We should know whether we will
have to castrate him in a couple of days..if we can keep the
infections down he should be fine." DJ nodded...She looked down at the
slave slowly coming out from under...

Chucks eyes fluttered and he began to fight his way awake..only to be
held by the bonds on the bed. The first sight he focused on was his
Mistress...the pain in his cock throbbed and screamed at him despite
the drugs but he smiled....he was willing to give her everything..if
it meant she was happy.

Mary called rabidchia into the room and gave her instructions. The
girls eyes were wide with apprehension as she looked at her chain
mate. She would spend the night feeding him ice as he needed it...and
bathing his forehead. Mary showed her how to change the bags and which
ones to use...and left the girl to watch over the skinned slave as he
drifted back into sleep. 

"I could use a drink ...how about you DJ, Tom?" The three left the
room to ready for bed...only chia heard chucks words as he drifted
into a dreamless sleep......

"I love you Mistressssssssssssssssssss"




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			44. Another Sunny Ca. Day

The stirrings in the house were slow and languid. jessann was dragged
forward as her Master opened the door...her night had been
uncomfortable but the part that worried her was the way Bear had
changed after Mary and Tom had left for the race. She had expected to
go...but when her Master declared that he would "HAVE Something to
discuss." her heart sank. She knew that he had not been particularly
pleased with her performance this weekend...but she had tried... His
face was stern as he disengaged her from the doorknob. He looked down
at the feathers scattered on the floor around her and other than
gesturing that she was to pick them up...said nothing.

Mary went in to check on chuck...to find chia slouched on the floor
beside the waterbed. Her arm was propped on the slaves chest as she
lightly snored...exhausted. Mary went and brought DJ to see the sight
before she awakened the slave and sent her to freshen up. Checking her
stitches she was pleased when chuck woke...his eyes immediately
searching out his owner and smiling. "I take it you are feeling
better?" Mary changed the bag and then the bandages..as she spoke.
chucks voice was hoarse but he managed to answer her..."Thank you Miss
Mary...yes..I do feel a bit better.." His croaked voice trailed off as
the medicine began to take effect. "He will sleep most of the day..I
will have Tony prepare some food for him and chia can feed him."
"Thank you Mary, but I think I want to feed him myself." Mary smiled
and nodded as she finished up and left the room, DJ following behind.
She had her own slave to check on.

Karen had not slept at all, her ass and cunt where inflamed by the
caustic oil and her mouth raw from the spikes in the gag. She head her
Mistress and Master enter, but could not look up...nor would she if
she had been able. She had spent the night in contemplation of her
failure. Mary looked down at the caged and tormented slave...had she
learned? Would she ever refuse or hesitate at another command..no
matter what or where it was given? Mary resolved to put it to the test
today. This was NOT going to be a good day for Karen.

Walking over to the cabinet Mary withdrew a case of acupuncture
needles. Still in their sterile wrap they glistened in the over head
light. Moving back to the cage, she released Karen allowing the girl a
few moments to stretch and then removed the dildos form her ass and
cunt. Karens head drooped, bearing only the metal pronged gag in her
mouth. There were no other bindings upon her when Mary placed the
needles on the floor before her face. "Karen I want you to take a
needle and holding your tit in your hand push the needle through your
nipple horizontally." Karens breath caught in her chest but she dared
not hesitate..she could not stand another night or day of punishment
like last night. Her hand shook as she extracted a needle from the
pack and lifted her right tit. Angling the needle she pressed the
point to her nipple, her clit clenched tight in fear, her full aching
bladder wanting to release. Holding her breath she began to force the
needle through..surprised at how much pressure it took before the skin
popped like a bubble. Tears leaped from her eyes at the pain she was
forced to cause herself. Without thinking Karen gritted her teeth as
the needle tried to force its way through the other side of her
nipple, only to ram the prongs in the bit into her mouth. Mary said
nothing as the girl screamed, only watched as she forced fully 4
inches of the needle out the other side. The slave huddled on the
floor at her Mistress' feet, sobbing. She had done it...forced the
needle through her own tit. "Now the other one." Karen recoiled as the
words she dreaded hearing roiled over her. Again she picked up the
needle and pressed it to her left nipple. This time her hand was
shaking so badly it took 2 tries before she could bring it into
contact.With a mona of anguish the needle was finally through the
nipple. She was astonished to see that there was no blood...despite
the amount of pain she had caused herself. Mary reached down and
lifted the girls tits by the needles.Karen squealed and rose with the
pain. "This one is not level...do it again bitch." Mary shook the
right tit and dropped it. 

Karen pulled the needle from her self-tortured nipple and tried to
bring the needle back into position. Mary's hand lashed out..."Use
another one slut unless you WANT and infection!" Karens head rocked
under the blow and she reached for another sterile needle from the
pack. She could taste the blood in her mouth and see the slow trickle
of blood from her nipple as she brought a fresh needle into play.
Carefully she placed the point and began to push it through,
determined that it would be level. Again she forced the needle through
her pained nipple and sighed as she tried to ride the pain. Mary
smiled...first test passed. Karen knelt still, she did not want to
move and possible jar the nipples into more pain than they were
already in. "Heel cunt!" With a groan of pain Karen crawled rapidly
behind her Mistress as she strode from the room.

Tom raised an eyebrow as his wife led the slave into the room,
catching a glimpse of the needles piercing the girls nipples. Karen
was made to kneel silent as Mary, Tom, DebiJean and Bear finished
their breakfast. She tried to keep her mind off of the full bladder
screaming at her, and the pain in cunt ass and nipples, but was
unsuccessful. Her empty belly protested that she was not receiving her
breakfast as well and she glanced with envy at jessann perched by her
Masters chair nibbling at the small treats her fed her. "Present Ass
bitch." Karen shuddered but presented her ass to her Mistress..her
pierced nipples brushing the floor as she tried to raise her ass as
high as possible. Mary looked at the swollen ravaged asshole before
her and began to slide her high heel into the orifice..fucking it in
and out as the girl trembled in pain. "Tony would you walk the cunt
and then get her cleaned up and dressed...I am going to take her for a
drive." "Of course Miss." Tony reached out and gripped the girl by her
hair leading her from the room.

In Tony's room NuBaby awaited her Masters pleasure...Tony had spent
much of the night enjoying her flesh, but knew that his duties would
keep him from her most of the day. He had risen early to prepare his
slut to await him...binding her so that her arms were tied with hemp
tight behind and high on her back. With precision he had bound her
body with the hemp so that each tit stood free and clear of the rope,
and the dividing rope held her cunt lips wide and available. He had
then taken and bound each leg so that it lay flat along her side..her
ass gaping open. NuBaby hung silent in the center of his room, her
body fully open to his idle torments during the day when he had time.
With no support for her head she held it erect as long as possible
before it would fall to rest, her mouth gaping open. Her cunt and ass
still showed the wax and heavy use of the night before...a trickle of
dried blood tracing the slivery pink slash between her legs. Though
the position was painful in and of itself...she thought that she would
have been able to bear it...if it were not for that damned fly...that
kept landing and walking into her cunt. Instead all she could do was
twitch and moan as the tiny little fly feet, tormented her cunt with
light tickles.

Tony delivered the Van to the front of the house and placed Karen on
her knees beside it. Her head bowed Karen could look at the outfit he
had chosen for her...a loose fitting see through blouse that was
little more than a open square. It did not even cover her belly but
rode high on the needles through her nipples. Tony had removed the
bit. He had chosen a button down skirt for her but had only buttoned
the top 5 buttons...it flowed around her as she knelt exposeing
everything she had once called private. Mary and Tom exited the house,
dressed for a day on the road, simple but elegant clothes that
complimented their tanned completions. "Very Good Tony...In the Van
Bitch." Tom moved around to the drivers seat as he spoke. Karen
crawled into the van...she remembered the last "shopping trip" and
knew that today would not be pleasant. Tom started the engine and
moved down the driveway as Mary settled the bitch in the back on the
floor.

It was not long before the Van reached the city limits and Tom found
the area he was looking for. A little bar near the docks..they had
been there before..it was rough and the men who frequented it were
rougher. Parking the van they commanded Karen out and led her into the
bar. Her eyes tried to adjust to the smokey darkness within..and when
she could see she pressed closer to her Master and Mistress. The
bartender looked up and smiled. He knew them well...afterall...Tom
owned the place. "Tom, Mary...it is good to see you. Your Usual?" "Yes
Bill and could you pull the rack out for us?" Bill brought over the
cold glass of white wine and the brandy that they preferred...and then
went into the storeroom to return dragging a frame. It was a very
simple contraption...no more than a triangle with a flattened top.
Mary selected some music on the Jukebox and returned to the table. The
bar was not overly crowded, but the patrons in it so early in the day
were rough men...dirty from working all night...and with few manners.
"Karen..open your skirt." Marys voice was cold. Karen looked around at
the men in the bar and shuddered, her fingers fumbling with the
buttons. Mary reached and pulled the skirt wide, tucking the ends into
the waistband. A stir washed through the men as they watched the girl
exposed. "Give me your blouse bitch." Tom held his hand out. Karen
closed her eye in shame as she was forced to remove the blouse, her
needle pierced nipples bouncing on her heavy breasts as they were
uncovered. "Dance for the men cunt!"

Karen shook at the command, she was already bare to the eyes of
strangers...what more could they ask of her...dance..she had never
danced a step in her life. Tears trickled down her cheeks as she tried
to sway in time to the music. The contempt in Mary's voice cut like a
whip through the girl.."Well if you can't dance maybe you are good for
FUCKING slut. Over the frame." Panicked at the tones in her Owners
voice the girl obeyed...her flesh shaking in fear as she could feel
the eyes of the men in the bar. She could feel them taking in the
rings in her cunt and the open swollen ass and cunt the position
revealed.  

"Gentlemen, the cunt loves to fuck and suck...you may use any of the
bitches holes for a nickle...that's one twentieth of a dollar. You
will of course avail yourselves of a condom...don't want you getting
diseased. Who will be first?" A mutter went through the crowd..usually
the whore that came in here were the lowest of the street walkers,
burned out druggies...who still charged at least $5.00 for a
blowjob...this was prime grade A cunt. Tom tossed a small box of 100
condoms on the table as a swarthy dock worker swaggered over. Picking
up a condom he looked at it like he had never seen one before..."Any
hole?" "Any and all of them as often as you want." He tossed 15 cents
on the table..."Thanks bud...been a while." The worker roll the condom
onto a cock that was at least 3 inches thick and 8 long. With little
finesse he shoved his rapidly hardening cock into Karens ass and began
o pump away...That was all that the rest in the bar needed to see...it
was a real offer...karens scream of pain as her ass was violated was
choked off by the rubbered cock forced into her raw mouth

Tom and Mary sat back with the bartender and enjoyed the show....they
could barely see the cunt for the pileup of filthy men surrounding
her.

Hours passed.......




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			45. And Miles To Go


Mary and Tom watched as karen was taken over and over by man after
unwashed man. Despite Toms request that they use condoms fully half of
the men discarded them...after all this was a whore and they were only
using her mouth...when they switched to ass or cunt they would use
one. Karen was unable to moan or scream for help..as soon as one man
vacated her mouth another filled it with his sweaty dirty cock. Numb,
she figured that she had swallowed at least a gallon of cum. Her
asshole and cunt raw and distended from cock after cock forcing its
way into her body. A few of the men had hit on the method of pulling
on the cunt rings...making her scream around the cock in her mouth and
push back in desperate fear that her cunt would be torn.

At long last the men began to drop away..spent. Mary wandered over and
noted the spunk filled condoms littering the floor about the battered
and raped slave. With a small grin she gripped the girls dangling tit
by the needle and lifted it, karen could see the long hypodermic
needle in her hand and groaned softly. Cum dribbled from her mouth and
Mary nodded..."Yep your gonna need this cunt." Plunging the point into
the girls tit flesh Mary injected her with a powerful antibiotic just
in case. Karen could not even muster a scream at the pain..it was just
one more in a body that hurt from head to tow and back again. Tom
walked over and dropped the change, the men had paid to fuck her in
front of Karen on the floor...." Not even enough for a drink
cunt...you'll do better next time won't you." With misery in her
eyes... karen drew her fuzzy mind to counting the change on the
floor..barely $2.00 at a nickel a fuck..she had served 40 times...and
earned nothing for her pain. "Even as a whore you are useless
slut..get in the van."

Karen tried to stand up, only to find she could barely hold herself on
her knees. Carefully she tried to pull her clothing together, but
there was little left of it, the men had found it inconvenient and
shredded it on her body to get it out of the way. "Your making us wait
cunt...and don't forget to thank every one." In abject misery, Karen
crawled to the door, feeling the cum swirling in her no longer hungry
belly. Fearfully she looked up..she knew what was going to happen when
she spoke, but she had been ordered..."Thank...you...for..fucking" her
hands flew to her throat as the collar shocked her over and over.
Still she managed to spurt out the last word.."me" before her belly
gave up its contents. The last word fell her to roll on the floor
spewing out the cum in her belly. Her system had enough...the shocks
were the last straw. 

Mary looked down.."Clean it up slut and you are not wearing those
filthy rags in our nice clean van." Shaking with fear and pain, Karen
removed the tattered remains of her clothes and started to wipe the
floor clean. She was not even startled when Tom pushed her face into
the cum pooled on the floor and forced her to lick it up. There was
nothing left to startle her, she was their slave...however they chose
for her to serve was right. Silently, her tears the only evidence of
her shame and misery, she lapped the cum back into her belly. Mary
took the clothing and dumped it in the waste barrel behind the
bar..and turning forced the slut to crawl naked from the bar to the
Van.

They did not bother to chain her...but allowed her to lay on the
floorboards as they drove. Karen did not care where they were
going..she was only grateful for the rest and time for her ass and
cunt to stop burning. Mary directed Tom to drive behind the house so
that they could clean up and out the slave. She did not want the filth
brought into her home. Karen was led from the van and knelt quietly as
her Owners cleaned her up...the water though cold felt good on her
abused flesh and she even welcomed the flushing her Mistress gave her
asshole and cunt with it.

Tony had heard them drive up and came to the back door. "Uh
Sir..Miss...That package you were expecting arrived .30 minutes ago. I
had it put away." "Thank you Tony...grab your cunt and meet us there."
Tom barely glanced up from where he was scrubbing down the slave 's
flesh. Karen did not look up...she knew that in time she would find
out what it was. she could wait, though she had suspicions. Tony
re-entered the house to fetch his slave.

NuBaby still hung helpless where he had left her...but something new
had been added. Tony had noticed the flies attentions and it had
inspired him...he had painted her gaping cunt and asshole with
honey...and released a couple of more flies into the room. NuBabys
cunt glistened with the mix of honey and a womans sweet dews from the
flies constant wandering in and out of her tunnel. So slowly and
insidiously had the flies done their work that NuBaby was barely aware
that she mumbled words as her cunt opened and snapped shut in torment.
"Fuck me...please fuck me Master...i can't take it...pleasssseeee."
Tony smiled as he listened to the words...the girl was speaking not
from her conscious mind but from deep in her sexuality. She would do
anything to get that sluttish cunt of hers filled. Finally he rolled
the butlers cart under her and lowered her body to the frame. NuBaby
fought the ropes as her weight lay on top of the arms so tightly bound
high on her back. Securing her tormented form to the table..Tony
leaned over her open cunt and traced lightly the flower folds of her
labia. He was rewarded with a rush of seeping fluid from within the
girl and a soft moan of need.

Tony smiled as the girl tried to fuck onto his fingers..and began to
push the table out of the room and then the house..down the walk to
the stable. The flies followed.

Satyr was pacing in the box stall, it was a new stall for him, and the
scents of the area he was in were strange. Hearing the sound of the
butler carts wheel squeaking on the path, he nickered...maybe it was a
two leg...they usually had bright roots and sweet fleshes to eat. Tony
opened the doors to the stable and entered to lead the small stallion
out. Tieing the lead to a ring Tony began to pull a strange rack out
of the stable. Again triangular in shape, the rack had a double board
on the top, these boards separated and there were two holes in it.
They were small only about 4 inches in diameter. Tony opened up the
top boards and waited..watching the stable flies explore his sluts
cunt.

Karen shivered as they finished washing her...She was confused when
she heard the snap of a rubber glove being put on..but did not look
up. Toms rubbered hand began to massage an oily substance into her
cunt and ass and the girl moaned softly as the tender touch soothed
the inflamed area. Finally they were ready. "Heel slut" Karen
automatically fell in crawling behind her owners, confused by their
not entering the house...then it dawned on her...she was being led to
the stable. A trickle of piss escaped in her fear...please..no....not
today...she hurt from all of the cocks she had been forced to accept
after a night filled with ginger oil...please no...please...no..

Satyr's nostrils flared as he caught a whiff of a mare in
heat...softly he nickered calling to her.  Karen heard the pony's call
and her heart sank...he was here...and she could not dare refuse to
service him ...but god how she hurt and ached... she could barely even
close her mouth. Tom and Mary looked at the proud Welsh pony stallion
glistening in the late California sunlight. He danced and pranced as
he tried to focus on the tantalizing scent. "Up on the frame cunt"
Karen shook as she tried to climb onto the frame...she was afraid of
what was to come. Tony closed the boards trapping her tits  between
the rims of the holes. Karens moans of pain as her tits were squeezed
tight, holding her in place filled the air. Her hands scrambled for
any grip she could find as she was forced to bend at the waist. Tony
grabbed one of her ankles and chained it to the frames base..and then
the other pulling her legs wide. Her distended cunt lips glistened
with the oil mixed with mare's estrus. Tom and Tony bracketed the
pony..they would have to control him or he could rupture the girl.
Untieing him they circled him around to get him under control before
leading him to were karen bent splayed open. 

Satyrs nostrils filled with the scent and his balls began to churn.
Dancing on his hooves he was led over to the strange contraption. He
did not like the looks of it, and tried to shy back but the scent of a
mare in heat was too much for his rampant sexuality to stay wary.
Stretching out his neck he brought his muzzle to the girls groin
whiffling, his velveteen muzzle sliding over the swollen lips..gently
he lipped and licked at the girls cunt. It was the tenderest touch
that karen had felt all day to the tormented flesh and she flushed as
her cunt responded. "Present cunt" Satyr nipped at her ass as it rose
to her Mistress' command. Tom and Tony controlled the stallion as he
began to rear..trying to mount the quivering flesh before him. Tom
knew that karen would not be able to stand under the weight of the
pony small as he was...and that Satyr would have to be guided into
bringing his front legs to kneel on the frame top. Twice he reared and
tried to grip the girl by her ribs..twice they backed him off,
slapping his muzzle when he fought back. They led him around again and
brought him forward. The small pony lunged upwards and Tom guided his
knees forward to fold on either side of the trapped slave. By this
time, Satyr was trembling...he wanted this strange looking mare...
instinct over riding his visuals as his heavy cock rubbed against her
ass and cunt. Tony reached beneath the pony and gripped his cock in
powerful fingers guiding the flattish head to the swollen lips. Karens
screams as the pony's cock separated her cunt lips filled the air.
Satyr began to thrust...forcing his way into the tight sleeve..tearing
it open to accomodate him. Karens body frantically tried to stretch
and accommodate him, her clit pulled taut by the pressure forcing its
way into her depths. Her ass and back itched and burned under the
stiff hairs of the ponies body as he fucked into her abused cunt. 

With Tonys hand gripping his cock and Tom controlling his head...Satyr
could only get 6 inches of his cock into the girl...but it was enough
to keep her screaming as her pelvic area stretched to contain the
pony. Between the hand grip and the tight sleeve of her cunt Satyr
could not stand it long....His balls let go with a load of hot cum
that flooded the girls cunt, bursting forth from her cunt to drip and
run down her spread legs. A powerful orgasm ripped through Karens
slight frame as the ponies cum seared her cunt. It was her first one
today...through all she had been through, all of the cocks she had
fucked and sucked..she had found only the hope in pleasing her owners
..and little joy for herself...only fear for her safety. She knew how
much it pleased her owners for her to service the pony, and through
all the pain and fear had relaxed enough to enjoy the fucking of her
cunt by the stallion. Satyr reluctantly pulled from the girls
cunt...his ribs heaving slightly as he cooled down. Tony led him in a
walk as Mary and Tom stroked and praised their slut. This first fuck
had taken little help from the girl in her own debasement, but they
wanted to re-inforce the pleasure of serving them. Tony tied the pony
nearby and rolled Nubaby over to the pinned girls spread legs. With a
bit of work he managed to get her face directly under the dripping,
pony spermed cunt. Nu's body was already writhing in need, the flies
having bitten and walked all over her open cunt. She could feel her
owner doing something, stuffing something into her cunt.

Tony looked at the slave and grinned as he led the pony over to her
stuffed cunt. He had forced a mound of chopped apples, carrots, oats
and corn into her cunt. Hungry as all males are after a good romp in
the hay...Satyr set to work digging out the sweet mixture from the
depths of a very strange feed bag. "sureibu...your supper is served."

Nubaby looked up at the foamy yellowish white cum dripping on her face
from the cunt just above her. A soft moan escaped her lips as she
obediently and without fight began to lick the cunt clean..wincing
each time the ponies hard lips nipped her clit thinking it was part of
his dinner....

She was slowly accepting her place....




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			46. A Quiet Night, but Not Silent

Mary and Tom looked with pride at their slave...she had not
disintegrated into a screaming basket case when fucked by the
pony...her body still quivered from the force of her own orgasm as
Nubaby sucked her clean of the sperm. She had apparently learned her
lesson well, and they petted and stroked her as they released her tits
from the rack. The girl sank to the ground, her head low as she licked
and kissed her owners feet. They had forgiven her, extracted her
failure from her flesh in punishment, and taught her that she was
theirs to do with as they pleased. She would not fail them again. 

NuBabys moans as the pony reached deep into her cunt brought a smile
to Tonys face as well..apparently the bitch was finally getting to
know what she was. Pulling his buck knife from his pocket he slit the
ropes holding her..."Keep your legs spread cunt." NuBaby had little
thought of closing them..the velvet soft muzzle of the stallion was
pushing her so close to the orgasm denied her all day. Satyr found it
easy to push his long rough tongue deep into the sluts cunt. It did
add an interesting flavor to the grain. NuBabys moan as the stallions
tongue edged her over into an explosive cum, filled the night as sweet
as music. Satyr cleaned the last of the grain and sweet fruits from
her cunt and strained to continue as Tony pulled his head from the
girl and lead him back into the stable. Mary and Tom kept an eye on
the slave as Tony bedded to pony down for the night.  

At long last they made their way back up to the house..NuBaby and
Karen crawling quietly behind their owners. They could hear Tony and
Mary talking, but not make out the words as they followed them to the
basement door. Flipping on the light as they entered..NuBaby was
confronted for the first time with cross between the complete surgery
area and medieval dungeon. She had never seen this part of the house,
having been confined mostly to Tonys realm of his room, the playroom
and kitchen. Her practiced nurses eyes saw that the surgery was nearly
complete, ready to handle all but the most difficult or delicate
surgeries. "Sureibu...Here!" NuBaby shook as Tony indicated the
operating table. Desperately she looked for a way
out..."Sureibu...HERE!" She had seen and recognized the hysterectomy
scar healing on Karen...NuBaby took a chance...Scrambling to her feet
she dashed first for the door she had been led in by and then finding
it gated...dashed for the stairs. Tony leaped for the girl as she
gained the third riser..His hand flashing out to grab her hair and
snatch her back. Screaming and fighting the terrified girl struggled
in his grip. There was no finesse in NuBaby's struggle with him, only
pure animal fear as she fought tooth and nail against the man who held
her captive. Tony laughed as he contained the little oriental bitch
and lifted her feet from the floor. Pinning her arms with one massive
arm, he kept his grip on her hair and carried her to the table.
NuBabys feet beat a rapid tattoo on his shins and thighs as she tried
to reach his groin, but Tony slung her sideways and ignored her feet
as he tossed the struggling girl to the table. Tom and Mary moved in
quickly, pulling straps over the wriggling mass of female
flesh..confining her to the table, face down.

"Little Spitfire isn't the slut?" Toms voice was mocking as he helped
his wife secure the girls calves. "Yep knew she was a runner...and
that she was planning to run at the first chance she got." Tony patted
the girls ass as she struggled against the straps and wept in rage.
"Well this will definitely take care of it Tony...are you sure it is
what you want." "Yep..bitch aint never getting off her knees
anyway...this just makes sure of it." "Ok let's prep her...a sleep?"
"Yeah it will make it easier. Don't wanna put you to know more trouble
than she's worth" Tom wheeled over the oxygen and Halothane tanks and
fitted the mask over the girls face. NuBaby took one deep breath and
held it as the tank was turned on. "BREATHE BITCH!" Tony slammed his
hand down on the girls back knocking the held breath from her and
forcing her to inhale the sweet gas mixture...try as she might NuBaby
soon succumbed to the anesthetic. Mary set about cleaning the sluts
legs and draping them. 

As the surgery was a relatively minor one Mary saw little need to
waste an IV on the girl. She waited only for the autoclave to finish
sterilizing her instruments before setting to work. Picking up a
scalpel she sliced the skin at the ridge of NuBabys heels and with a
hemostat pulled the achilles tendon forward. It was short work to cut
the girls hamstrings and then stitch her back up. The girls moans of
pain through the anesthesia fueled Marys own hunger. Hamstringing the
girl would insure she never walked again. She would be confined to
crawling wherever she went as Tony wanted. Signaling Tom to cut the
gas...they waited for the slave to wake from the gas. Slowly she came
awake to great the new pain in her ankles. NuBaby came up fighting,
only to meet the straps holding her down. Confusion reigned as she
tried to understand the pain in her legs and her inability to move her
feet. 

With an evil grin Tony unstrapped the girl and pushed her to the floor
to recover and discover on her own what had been done. NuBaby could
not yet see the damage done...until her eyes focused on her feet and
ankles. They splayed outward in ways that would normally have been
uncomfortable. She spotted the stitches and her eyes became
frantice...filled with fear as she looked around at the sadists
standing there.
Nononononopleasegodnooooooooooooooooooooooooooo....despirately she
tried to get her feet under her. Please they didn't ...no
god...NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoooooooooooo...try as she might her
feet no longer responded to her commands...over and over she tried to
get them to flex..to obey,,the toes moved..she could still feel
them...she could feel the pain in her legs and ankles, but her feet
curled helplessly out of her control. She would never walk again.

Rage and fear overcame the girls anguish...."YOU MOTHERFUCKERS...YOU
CRIPPLED ME...COCK SUCKERS..I SWEAR I WILL FUCK YOU ALL OVER FOR
THIS!!!!!!" Laughter greeted her outburst and then Tony's hand slammed
her across the face knocking her over. "You dare speak CUNT!" "YOUR
DAMNED RIGHT I FUCKING SPEAK YOU COCKSUCKER...AND YOU WILL KNOW JUST
HOW WELL I CAN FUCKING TALK IN A COURT...I WILL SEE YOUR FUCKING ASS
BEHIND BARS!" Again Tony's hand lashed out and slammed the girls face
to the floor. His eyes cold he strode over to  Karen and nearly
snatched the shock collar from her throat. "I will replace it Miss,
Sir. But the bitch will shut up NOW!" Grabbing Nu's hair he jerked her
head back and despite the girls clawing hands forced the collar shut
around her throat. Mary smiled and going to a drawer pulled out a
padlock, tossing it to the man. Nubaby fought, her wiry body
struggling to keep him from locking the collar in place. Handicapped
by her useless feet she lost, and the lock sealed the collar about her
throat. "GET
NNOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE"
her hands flew to the tight collar as it delivered shock after shock
to her throat, paralyzing it. As the pain reseeded the proud and angry
girl stared daggers at
Tony..."MOTHEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE"
The pain and fear were too much for the girl and she collapsed weeping
in frustration on the floor. "You now have free range in the house
slut...the doors are locked...you can't walk and I have no fear of you
using the phone. You mine slut..get used to it and learn to love
it..there is no escape except death or sale."

Karen huddled next to her owners..she wanted so badly to go to the
girl..to tell her that she would grow to need the pain, the
humiliations, to be molded as her owner wanted her...but she knew that
a word would earn her a night of punishment. looking at the operating
table...she feared that the softest word not commanded by her
owners..might cause Mary to perform another operation on her...one she
had hear about for dogs who barked too much. Mary petted her bitch and
led her from the basement, leaving Tony to deal with his captive cunt.

DebiJean, Bear, jessann and rabidchia joined them for a light
repast...each slave receiving their dinner from their owners hands.
"He is sleeping quietly and his fever is down Mary...thank you." "I
think a few more days here where I can check on him and he should be
fine. I will look in on him later." "OH...I nearly forgot FX
called...your friend stopped over with that stuff and took a look at
Dude...he said that he thinks he will recover and that he should FX
how to apply the stuff." "Hmmmm I was supposed to go over there
today...I will give him a call and see him tomorrow."

jessann huddled on the floor by her Master...he had been speaking with
her during the day about his plans for her body. Still coated with the
feathers...she shivered none the less...he had spoken of piercing
her..of marking her his...and of making her slave . jessann's mind ran
in circles, she had gone to Bear seeking to explore her submissive
side...he had been so quick to pick up on the humiliation she
desired...but this was more than she had bargained for... Had she sold
herself to the devil? More she did not understand why the words he
spoke had not sent her racing away from him in fear, but left her
trembling at his feet..afraid..but strangely excited.

"Present mouth" bears rumbling bass reverberated through the room and
jessann looked up at him in terror. Karen plunged across the floor at
the command and took his cock in her mouth. Bear smiled down at his
feathered slut as he pissed into Karens throat...

"Next time it's you" jessann shook in fear..........




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			47. In The Heat of The Night

NuBaby glanced at the man who held her captive, had stolen her speech
and now her ability to walk..her eyes flashed with anger and fear, but
too held something else. She looked down at the feet no longer in her
control, no longer would she be able to run if the opportunity came
her way. But maybe..well he said she would have free range of the
house now..if there was a computer or fax..there was still a chance
she could get help. Hope flared in the girl for a moment...then
reality set in..yes there would be a computer...even a fax..these
people were rich after all, But that would not be her salvation. even
if she contacted the police and they came out... a simple
explanation..maybe a hoax and of course officer take a look around.
What would they see? Karen obediently following her owners about, a
play room..well these rich folk are eccentric anyway..an emergency
surgery...gee the bitch who owned this place was a retired Doctor.
NuBaby bet that Mary still had her license to practice and that the
surgery was registered...she would have been right.

Tony snapped his fingers. NuBaby looked up surely he did not mean for
her to try and crawl...her head was still fuzzy from the drug
and...the pain in her legs. Tony meant exactly that and snapped a
leash onto the shock collar. With a jaunty whistle he yanked the girls
throat forcing her to follow him, her feet dragging uselessly. Her
moans of pain as she crawled behind him made his cock hard.

Karen could still smell and feel the ponys cum drying on her
legs...her body aching from the men she had serviced that day. Tom
looked up as Tony dragged his slave behind him into the room. "Ahhhh
looks like the fight has gone out of the slut Tony...at least she
can't run from you now..." "That is the nicest thing about it
Sir...and on her knees she should be very useful to me about the
estate." jessann looked with pity at the crawling captive.Even she had
some choice about accepting a collar and serving...NuBaby had just
been in the wrong place at the wrong time. Bear looked down at his
feathered slut..."All fours pecker breath." with a shiver of fear
jessann climbs to her hands and knees. Bear took a great deal of
pleasure as he forced the garbage from his meal into her feathered
cunt and sent her crawling around the table to beg for the remains of
the other Sadists meals to be stuffed into her. Laughter followed the
humiliated wench about the table as they shoved bread scraps and meat,
along with napkins and other debris into the girls ass and cunt until
she felt as if she would burst. Finally she crawled back to her
Master, her cunt and ass gaping open with all of the trash they held,
tears leaking from the corners of her eyes. Tony had not participated,
but laughed with the rest and then looked at the crippled slave at his
feet. "Clean her out garbage mouth!" NuBaby jerked at the command but
did not move. Tony lifted his foot and nailed the quailing girl in the
ass shoving her across the slick floor towards jessann. "I said clean
her out SLUT!"

NuBaby fought her way painfully to her knees and tried to slide under
the table. Moving rapidly Tony reached under and grabbed her hair,
yanking the terrified and rebellious girl out. With little regard for
her pain he forced her face into jessanns stuffed cunt and commanded
her to eat. NuBaby fought as best she could but finally yielded
accepting that her face would continue to be ground into the filth
filled cunt until she cleaned it. She feared it would be the only meal
she would have. With a shudder Nubaby began to suck the scrapes and
food from the feathered sluts cunt and ass, inhaling feathers as well
as the debris.

jessann began to moan and grind against the slaves tongue as it probed
deep into her cunt and ass..her soft chirps of please causing the
Sadist in the room to laugh. Blushing she hung her head only to have
it pulled up by Bear so that all could see the hunger on her face. She
had not been allowed any sexual relief all weekend or week and the
sluts probing tongue was driving her wild. Slowly but surely NuBaby
teased and edged the garbage from the girls asshole and cunt, but
could not reach that which was deepest.

"Push birdbeak...shit the garbage from your ass for the slut." Bears
voice lashed over jessann causing the girl to look up fearfully. She
was terrified of disobeying him, but as well of being the instrument
of someone elses humiliation and pain. "I Said push and I want to see
you strain cunt!" Jessann's head dropped as far has his grip in her
hair permitted....if she did not push and oh how she needed to...he
would punish her...but she also knew how reluctant Nubaby was, that
she was captive not willing slave. Bears hand twisted in her hair and
the petite slave screamed in pain then began to push the filthy food
from deep within her guts where it had been shoved. NuBaby struggled
as the food was pushed into her mouth and into her belly, jessanns
face red as she forced everything in her ass into NuBaby's mouth.

Empty at last jessann dropped to the floor, her cunt and ass gaping in
hunger. NuBabys head was yanked around and her mouth forced onto Tonys
cock for something to wash it down with. Rebellion flared in the
crippled slave and she clamped her teeth down hard on Tonys cock. His
bellow of pain and rage filled the room as he knocked the girl silly,
Nu screamed into the tender groin and clawed with her nails...fighting
now for survival. The others in the room started to rise, but settled
back again as they realized that Tony would have to break this cunt on
his own. Nubaby threw everything she had into the battle, her head
shaking the pained cock like a terrier a rat, clawing for balls and
thighs anything she could reach. She knew she had no chance of winning
the fight, but desperation drove her to try. The days of abuse and
pain had pushed her fully to the bottom, she had to make one last
ditch attempt..she could not just accept.

Tony gritted his teeth against the pain as the girl chewed his
cock...he could feel the blood welling and filling her mouth as with
super-human control he brought the pain and his anger back under rein.
Reaching for a knife on the table...he forced it between the clamped
jaws. Slowly he twisted forcing the teeth apart....try as Nu might she
could not maintain her grip and he pulled his cock from her
mouth...depserately she dove under the table, ;leaving a handful of
hair torn from her scalp in his hands. Ignoring the pain in her head
and feet the girl raced on her knees for the door....she had to reach
it before Tony could get around the table...Tony looked down at the
mangled mass that was his cock. He could see the teeth marks where
they cut into the flesh...NuBaby gained the door and dove through
it...crawling for another room....she had to find a phone and a place
to hide. Tony stopped to take care of his cock...he knew there was no
way for the girl to escape...she would hide...he could find her.
Taking a few deep breaths he attempted to calm down...he would not
touch her in anger...she would never survive that...best she learn and
receive her punishment when he was calmer. He knew just ther person to
help him with it as well...L.A.Guardian... the punishment would be one
she would never forget.

While Mary treated Tonys cock...NuBaby sought a hiding spot and the
phone. She crawled as fast as she could for the back of the
house....opening one door she found the library but a quick scan
showed her that there was precious little space to hide in there...her
eyes cast about...Playroom, bathroom
(shudder)...basement..ahhh....determinedly she crawled for the closed
oak door. It was a room she had not seen before...looking over her
shoulder she checked from the shadows that there was no one searching
for her yet. NuBaby was confused as to why they had not come after
her...but ...any break she could get. Turning the knob she entered the
darkened room. Daring not to turn on a light she felt her way as she
crawled across the floor. THUD!...a muttered curse escaped her lips as
her head encountered the desk. Feeling around she found the top and
prayed that there would be a phone....she did not know the address but
if she could get 911 they would be able to read it off the screen. Her
groping fingers encounters several papers...and a sharp letter
opener...Ahhhhhhhhh a weapon...she would be able to defend herself
until the cops came. Finally she felt a phone cord and pulled it
toward her. Picking up the receiver, she shook until she could get it
to her ear and heard the wonderful sound of a dial
tone.....YESYYESYESYES!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Trembling fingers searched out the numbers...9-1-1...NuBabby could
hear her heart pounding in her breast...God...it's ringing... please
hurry...hurry....oh God...How will I talk....this fucking collar is
going to shock the living hell out of me...No wait that is good...If I
try to talk and have to scream...they will know where I am but the
cops will be here faster...they won't think its a hoax...they will
have to search for me....oh god...com'on ...pick up...please...pick
up...I promise God if you let me get help I...I...I will pay my
fucking Taxes on time and never make fun of Oral Roberts
again...please....CLICK!

"I AM Sorry SLUT....The number you have dialed does not work from this
house! YOU don't have the card key!"

NuBaby pee'd herself as she recognized Mary's
voice....NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!! Oh God.....she slammed the
receiver down and looked around in panic....where could she
hide...they have to know what extension she called from...a faint
light on the north wall drew her eyes....curtains? a window...Swiftly
she crawled over to find a set of French patio doors behind thick
drapes. Her fingers felt like lead as she fumbled with the
latches...seconds seeming like minutes...They would be here
soon....Damnit open up!!!!!

With a click that sounded like thunder the latch finally gave and the
door opened slowly. NuBaby crawled through...she knew that she could
not latch it back...and they would soon figure she had escaped the
house...but maybe she could reach the garage and the safety of the
van....she had seen enough crime flicks...surely she could hot wire
it. Even if she were unable to walk...she had enough control of her
legs to lift and drop them on gas and brake. NuBaby edged into the
bushes and began to edge around the house looking for the garage. The
prickly holly scratched and poked into her tender flesh...every
movement had to be slow and careful. She could not let the bushes
rattle against the windows. 

The sound of voices inside made her freeze in place...dropping to the
ground. She gasped as the low bushes pricked into her flesh drawing
blood. She knew she was leaving a trail...but had to crawl...no matter
how much it hurt. One thick branch snapped back and drove its points
into her face...her eyes closing just in time as the sharp prickles
cut into her eyelids. Be Rambo...be Rambo...crawl...that 's all that's
left to you ...com'on...it's only pain...you can do
it...slowly...don't make the bushes scrape against the window... A
sound made her freeze in place...thank god its only a
rabbit...shoo...shoo get out of here... only a few more feet and then
I will be around the corner of the house....ahhhhhhhhhh.....OH
SHIT...there it is....Heaven...a van...escape....please don't let them
come out here...please....

With agonizing slowness NuBaby crawled as far as she could in the
bushes...but she could see that the detached garage was at least
another 200 feet from the house...and oh shit...NO! FUCKING
ASSHOLES!!!!!!!!...its all gravel...

There was not a blade of grass in site...she would be in the open and
crawling across the sharp white rocks. NuBaby wanted to cry...all the
tension and stress piling up behind her eyes as she stared at the
white gravel in the moonlight. There was no way she was going to make
a crawling dash across that without tearing her knees up. She was
already raw from the holly that surrounded the house...she could feel
her flesh reacting to the cuts already...and now this....

She had to go for it...had to...if they caught her...she did not know
what they would do to her for trying to bite Tony's cock off...but it
would not be a picnic. Waiting and listening she prepared to move as
fast as she could across the rocks... Maybe if she rushed it....NuBaby
made her move....

Alarms went off all over her body as she thrust herself out onto the
gravel...ARE YOU OUT TO LUNCH BRAIN? PAIN MOTHERFUCKER...THIS IS
ROCK...YOUR RIPPING US TO SHREDS!!!
Her knees and hands blazed in searing pain as the sharp rack was dug
into them by her weight....her crippled feet drug a path through the
gravel behind her as she forced herself on toward the garage door. She
would make it...she had too...once she got there she could rest for a
minute...but she had to get across the ground NOW! NuBaby forced her
body ever forward she could feel the blood welling around the rocks
imbedded in her flesh and knew she was leaving a trail a blind man
could follow. Only another 100 feet...99...98....97....96....95...

Tony looked at Tom and Mary...."I think she's had long
enough...Miss...Sir...shall we go hunting?" The slaves huddled as
chilled laughter filled the air....




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			48. A Game of Hide and Seek

Painfully with as much stealth as she could manage, NuBaby edged
across the rock dragging her useless feet behind her....The garage
door, loomed bright in the moonlight.

Stern orders were issued in the house as the Sadist prepared for one
of their favorite games. They would give the girl ample time to hide
herself...Slowly cigarettes were extinguished..drinks finished and
slaves secured..they set up by twos to search the house. Tom and Mary
headed for the basement...there were plenty of nooks for the errant
slave to hide there...and even though they knew she had been in Toms
office, they didn't think she would be able to get the locked doors
open.

Bear and DebiJean took the upstairs...moving quietly among the rooms
as they searched closets, wardrobes and under bed for the girl.
Debijean took a moment to check on her recovering slave...chuck barely
stirred as she changed the IV bags and stroked him. Bear discovered
the access to the attic and he and DJ headed up there. Gloomy even
with the overhead bulb on, they kept close together as they searched.
"Damn Cobwebs...Doesn't Tony ever clean up here?..Ooooo Bear look at
this ..I haven't seen a cage like this in ages." DebiJean pulled on
the heavy cast iron cage...the Bars were shaped in a female pattern,
but there would be little room for anyone to stand comfortably. An
iron mouth piece at the front formed a funnel that would hold a slaves
mouth open from the angle of it. Rising from the floor of the cage
were two rods..each with a funnel that led to the outside of the cage.
Bear looked it over..."Hmmm looking at this I would say that a slave
could be impaled fore and aft and filled with whatever the owner
decided...N-A-S-T-Y! I LIKE it! But this is not getting that little
cunt found."

Tony searched the main floor, his eyes darting into every possible
hiding place and some that were not so possible. Softly his voice
called for the slave but his words were not ones to inspire a sense of
safety and forgiveness, "Here cunt...Lover's got something nasty
planned for the slut...come here bitch and take your medicine like a
good cunt...maybe you'll survive." Slowly he worked his way from
living room to library, library to play room, playroom to
bathroom...finally the office.

Nubaby panted as she tried to bring the pain under some control...she
had finally reached the dubious haven of the garage doors and rested a
moment to bring the shakes to a slow tremor. removing the letter
opener from her mouth , she examined the door. She could not rise to
open it...and it looked like it was on a remote control.
DAMN!...uh...SHIT...there has to be another door...she looked right
and left...with her heart in her mouth she headed towards the
right...praying she had guessed correctly. Her hands and knees were
agony to crawl on but she had little choice and this was her only
hope.

DebiJean grabbed up a cloth to clear one of the windows in the
attic...maybe with a little more light they would not keep bumping
into things...the 40 watt bulb just wasn't giving them enough light to
see by. Her hand cleared some of the dust and cobwebs from the window.
A spider..idlily waiting for something to come along for dinner
scuttled across her hand and she flashed a glance at the window as she
jumped back. "MOTHER! Damn little fucker startled me...wait...uh Bear
come here!" Debijean spit on the rag and tried to clear the window
better. "What is it?" "I thought I saw something moving by the corner
of the garage." "I don't see anything...may have been a rabbit or
something..." "Noooooooo, I don't think so...looked larger..but I only
caught a glimpse, that spider made me jump." "Hmmmmmmmmm" Bear studied
the area that DJ had pointed out...he could not see much from this
height and angle but some of the rocks seemed disturbed. "Well lets
finish up here and we will check it out." "K.O. no problem!"

NuBaby tried to calm herself as she sat painfully on the gravel...the
FUCKING DOOR IS LOCKED...DON"T THEY TRUST ANYONE????? She broke down
in rueful laughter..yep they sure do...they trust a captive to try and
escape this lunatic asylum....hahahahahahahahah...well I'm
gonna...fuck them...fuck them I am gonna make sure they go to jail!
She edged the point of the letter opener into the door...quietly
trying to force the lock to yield.

The sadist gathered back at the dining room two by
two...dusty...annoyed they poured a couple of drinks and stopped to
think. "Tony did you check all the doors to the house...I know the
basement was secure..." Tony thought back over his path...wasn't there
something funny in the office...Hmmmmm. DebiJean looked up...should
she mention the movement in the yard? "I made sure that all of the
doors were locked..but...wait a minute let me check the office patio
door." Tony left the room at a swift stride..."SHIT THE BITCH IS LOOSE
ON THE GROUNDS!" Everyone but the slaves piled into the office to see
the patio door...it was shut but no longer latched. "She can't have
gotten far...Not crippled and hurting like that....let's look!"
Debijean looked up..."Mary the upstairs attic window it faces what the
garage or the stable?" Mary thought for a moment...it had been a while
since she was last up there. "One on each end..one faces the stable
the other the garage why?" "Well while Bear and I was up there, I
thought I saw some movement ..but a spider startled me and when I
looked again I didn't see anything." "Which side of the house????"
"Ummmm That one" Debijean pointed after orienting herself. "Must have
been a rabbit...no slave is going to crawl across those sharp
rocks...that's the garage...we had them laid especially for that
reason..." Debijean nodded but still did not think it had been a
rabbit.

NuBabys breath caught as the lock finally yielded with a loud "CLICK",
her eyes darting around as she edged the door open and dragged herself
across the threshold....easing the door shut she leaned against it in
the dark and relocked it...thank you...thank you God...almost outta
here...her eyes slowly adjusted and she could make out the looming
hulk of the van. Silently she caught her breath...and crawled towards
it...she could feel the torn edges of her knees leaving a clear trail
behind her but there was no hope for that...only the van could save
her.

The sadists gathered up flashlights and headed out of the
house...checking the low holly bushes and the grass around the house
for a trail. It was Tony's eyes that caught the glisten of blood on a
leaf..."Hey over here...look at this. " The group converged on
him..and they began to follow the trail of blood around the house.
They could see where Nu had pressed into the ground beneath the dining
room window and then made her way around the house. They still
dismissed the garage as a possibility and concentrated on the lawn and
bushes as they rounded the small mansion. DebiJean was still
uneasy...and her flashlight danced over the ground near the rocks.

NuBaby prayed that the van would be unlocked...her hand creeping up
towards the drivers door. She knew that the minute she opened it...the
light would come on...but...well...she could only hope that they were
not looking and she would have a change to hot wire the van. Her hand
gripped the handle and it lifted..the sound of the door opening as
loud as thunder in her ears. The interior light flipped on and her
breath caught. Using her arms she slowly pulled herself into the van
and onto the floor.  There was no way to do this quickly but she did
her best. Slowly she angled herself so that she was half on the seat
and could pull her feet in. At long last she was able to close the
door...she would have to work in the dark. Looking around she checked
all the normal places someone keeps a spare key, over the visor, under
the dash and the seat, finally the glove compartment.
FUCK...NOTHING!!! Give me a break! Sliding down she searched for the
wires under the dash...in the gloom they all looked alike and she
began trying to pull them one at a time.

Debijeans light picked up a gleam on the rock that shown black in the
moonlight. Edging over to it..she touched it and lifted her finger to
her nose...BLOOD!!!! 'HEY OVER HERE!" The sadists crowded around and
began to follow the blood trail...they could see that it led to the
garage, but still...that was kept locked. "she may have tried for it
and given up. Slowly they followed the trail..they did not want to
lose it.

NuBaby stopped...shit...what was that? Panicked she hit the locks on
all the doors...Oh damn...oh...damn..com'on start you motherless piece
of junk...why does it always look so fucking easy in the
movies....can't they make anything real! A spark jumped from two of
the wires, as the group rounded the corner of the garage and their
lights picked up the scratches on the lock. Tony pulled his keys from
his pocket and unlocked the door. Reaching around with his hand he
flipped the lightswitch...NuBaby froze...the frantically tried the
strike a spark again from the wires.  Once...Twice...Three times and
the engine purred to life. The group rushed forward and surrounded the
van...yanking at the door handles. NuBaby looked up in terror and
tried to drag herself into the drivers seat...Tony grinned and put the
key in the lock. NuBaby kept slamming her hand down on the lock as it
popped up...she could not maneuver into the drivers seat with out Tony
unlocking the door. She reached for the gear shift with the other
hand...she would have to take her chances on being able to crash
through the garage doors and miss the house and trees while she tried
to get back in the seat. Damn...I can't fucking clutch and lock the
door and shift at the same time....Lifting her leg she dropped her
foot on the clutch and yanked at the shift...just as Tom reached the
van with the spare key that had been hanging on the wall. As Nubaby
concentrated on keeping Tony out while she put the van in gear Tom
opened the door and snatched her backwards by her
hair.....NNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!
The van lurched back a foot and then sputtered to a halt. Desperately
NuBabys hands clawed at the grip in her hair....fear pushing her to
her limits. Tony unlocked the door and opened it grabbing the girls
legs and pinning them. "Gotcha slut!"

There was no room for the ladies to help, so Mary popped the side door
and climbed in. Reaching over the seat she snapped a pair of handcuff
on Nu's right wrist and yanked it around on her back. Grabbing the
other hand she dug her fingers into the pressure point until the hand
flopped useless and she was able to cuff it. Tom let go and Tony
pulled the girl from the van dropping her on the garage floor. NuBaby
took one look at the cold faces surrounding her and her body let
go...they stood and watched her lay in her own filth.




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			49. Meanwhile

It was the end of a long day...Glen had loaded his pets in his truck
and driven home...he was happy...Brandy seemed to be accepting her
place....Bruno was happy...maybe he would not have to show her the
tapes he had made.

Brandy lay in the cage as the truck bounced down the roads...she had
made an effort today she did not understand...Glen had been
quiet..moody after Dude had been punished and she had done all she
could to make him smile...when he had...her own heart had lightened.
Silently she watched him drive, her vision blurred by the covering
mesh on her travel cage...

Pulling into his yard, Glen set about letting his pets out. Bruno
immediately set about marking his territory...Brandy knelt in the yard
next to Glen...silent as always, but pressed against his leg. His hand
dropped to stroke her hair absently. He was startled into looking down
when she pressed her mouth to his palm and kissed it.

"I wish I could talk to you....you seem intelligent...and it is the
one thing I miss..Bruno communicates...but ..well its not the same as
talking to a lover or a friend..even a wife." Brandy's eyes followed
his lips..she could see what he was saying...and was touched by it in
a strange way. Here was a man who was holding her captive...making her
fuck and suck his dog...and he seemed...lonely. She glanced over at
Bruno and then back at Glen. Her mind mulled over what had happened
during the last days and nights. Silently she sat and watched Glen.
NuBaby was pretty much her only friend...so few people knew Amerslan,
that even in a crowd she was alone. Unable to hear..she had lost her
capacity for speech...she had her books...her work...but it had been a
lonely existence. Could it be that Glen too felt outside the world
looking in? Glen hooked the leash to her collar and signaled her that
she was to heel...crawling along behind him, she was surprised to find
how much she wanted to please him...how little not walking meant to
her. He led her to the bushes and she sqauted...forcing her body to
relieve itself at his command...even this..knowing his eyes were on
her...seemed almost right somehow. Glen bent and cleaned her as she
finished and led her toward the house. 

It was a quiet evening they spent...Glen watching TV and Bruno napping
or chewing on a bone. Brandy lay at Glens feet and watched him...she
knew that she was there as a mate for Bruno...but, she looked at the
man who owned her... Silently as he watched STNG, she climbed up on
the couch and eased his zipper down...Gently almost worshipfully she
pulled his cock from his pants and began to lick and suck at it. Glen
looked down at the dark head nuzzling in his lap...His hand stroking
and urging her efforts onward as he traced her soft breasts and back.
"Do you know how lonely I've been...how much I 've wanted a bitch like
you...for me...and for Bruno...are you really so eager to stay with us
little pet?" He knew she could not hear him...but just having her to
talk to...eased the emptiness a little. He pulled her head from his
lap and lifted her slight weight in his arms. rising he carried her
from the couch to the bedroom and closed Bruno out...tonight
...tonight was for him and for her. 

Brandy moaned as he parted her legs to kiss her wet cunt.....maybe
life wasn't so bad here after all...... 




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			50. Girls Just Wanna. . .?

Brandy lay silently watch Glen as he slept...his arm cradling her head
in the early morning hours. It was the first time that he had treated
her as human...her body writhing under his as he made love to her. She
could feel his mouth moving, talking as he rode into her flesh during
the night..and would have given anything to know what he was saying,
but without light...no chance. She could feel the vibration as Glen
groaned softly and turned towards her, his eyes opening to study her.
Gently he brought his hand up to stroke her hair and she could read
the words on his lips." Such a good bitch...so sweet...would you like
to go walkies?" Brandys heart sank...he still thought of her as a
pet..not an eqaul..even though he had made love to her, let her sleep
next to him...she had little more status than Bruno...a pet...nothing
more. Brandy became determined that would change. Rolling over he made
a phone call..his back to her so she could not see what he was saying.

Glen rose and gestured for his bitch to get off the bed...dragging on
a pair of shorts he opened the bedroom door and snapped his fingers.
Bruno leaped up as the door opened, his tail wagging. Reluctantly
Brandy crawled off the bed...she did not dare even attempt to
stand...her attempted escape had jeopardized her ability to walk
already..she would not remind Glen of that. Obediently she crawled
behind him as he led his pets outside to relieve themselves. Brandy
was trying to take cover in the bushes as Glen watched..when a
movement caught her eyes. A tall lanky man was turning into the
driveway...Glen going to greet him. Brandy pulled back into the
bushes, ashamed of the spectacle she was making as she tried to
relieve herself. With her eyes on the two men she did not see the trap
waiting for her, until it was too late. Wrapping through and around
the bushes were thorny vines. Quickly they ensnared the girls naked
flesh and entwines in her hair. Her mewling sounds of pain brought
Brunos attention to her as she struggled with the thorns. 

Brunos sharp barks dragged Glens attention form his talk with Adam.
"Shit the fucking silly bitch is caught in the bushes!" Glen had been
telling Adam about his new bitch...and about how well she was
responding to training. Both men walked over to see Brandy truly
ensnared in the vines...trickles of blood dripping down her pinned
flesh. "I gotta clear this stuff out one day...Now how the hell did
she get her hair so tangled up in it...I'm never gonna get this
unwound." Brandy tried to hold still against the pain. She could see
Glens bare feet and the boots of the other man, and knew, prayed that
they would help her. "Bitches hair is too long anyway Glen...you know
that...you'd have to brush her out everyday, and its gonna get crap in
it...why not just cut her free." Glen sighed...he had like the hair on
his cunt, but knew that Adam was right...Adam kept his own bitches
hair cropped short. Merilee was Adams wife, but she had not lived as
one for the past 5 years. He had laughingly told Glen that she was
always yapping at him to do this and do that...and he had decided to
make her live like the yapping dog she sounded like. With the help of
the good Dr., he had made sure that she would never nag him again, now
she slept in a cage and serviced his dogs and him when he wanted it.
Glen had been surprised...but found it intriguing to watch the bitch
eagerly sucking and fucking the pack of hunting dogs...begging
alongside of them for table scrapes and pets. Adam had made sure that
Merilee would have little choice but to adjust to her new life. Brandy
would meet Merilee soon enough, but first things first...the silly
slitch was caught and he would need to do something about that.

Brandy huddled trembling in the grip of the vines...she dared not even
breath fully, the sharp thorns nipping and tearing at her flesh when
she did. Adam offered Glen his pocket knife..."Your gonna hafta cut
her free...ain't no other way Glen" Reluctantly Glen agreed and took
the knife. Cutting the vines free he pulled the girl from the bushes
and looked at the matted nest of vines, thorns and hair. She would
have to be shaved..no other way."Come on back to the house Adam, I'll
get her cleaned up and cut...and we can have some coffee." Glen led
the blood spattered slave back toward the house, Adam and Bruno
trailing behind. 

Glen took Brandy into the bathroom and gestured her towards the
bathtub. The miserable slave crawled in to kneel...her flesh hurt in
so many places she couldn't count them,,and the thorns were still
pricking her scalp. Glen looked in the cabinet and pulled out the
clippers he kept for grooming Bruno. Short coated as the dog was he
still needed to have his ears cleaned out and burrs clipped from his
coat. Plugging them in and attaching the 1" grooming guard, he turned
them on, then stepped into the tub. Pulling Brandy around he pulled
her head into his lap and set the buzzing clippers to work. The girl
started at the vibration of the clippers and bucked
backwards...Noooooooonot my hair...please...not all my lovely
hair......Glens hand clamped down on the back of her neck and he set
to work in ernest. Brandys tears coated his thighs as her head was
shaved close.

Adam busied himself in the kitchen setting up coffee for the men and
opening up the cans of dog food for Bruno and the bitch. He was as at
home in Glens kitchen as he was his own...they had shared many
evenings talking about their common interest. Bruno had been trained
on his own Merilee...and he hoped that this bitch would work for Glen.
He had trained a few bitches for customers, but for one reason or
another had never kept one for himself. Glen cleaned up the hair and
vines and washed his bitch down. Brandy could not even look up, she
did not know what her hair looked like, but she knew that she had lost
her crowning glory...she had always felt that her hair was her best
feature. Glen looked at his work critically..then grabbed for the blow
dryer...Fluffing his bitches hair into a crown of soft curls, he was
satisfied that she looked as good as she could considering. He
gestured for her to follow him as he led her back to the kitchen. 

Brandy could smell the coffee...and looked up hopefully only to see
Adams shrewd eyes examining her body. Blushing she dropped her head
again only for her eyes to catch the two full bowls of dog food
waiting. Bruno was already chowing down on his meal, and she looked up
as Glen slid her bowl over to her. Surely he would not shame
her..making her eat dog food in front of a stranger. Glen pointed
towards the bowl sternly and Brandy with a sob that caught in her
breast, bent her head to eat. Slowly she finished her breakfast as the
men watched her and drank coffee. When she had finished she knelt
quietly, she did not know what the men had been talking about, but
knew that they had not remained silent while she ate. Glen cleaned up
her face and snapped her leash onto her collar. Brandy looked up in a
panic as he handed the end to Adam. Her head shook a frantic no as she
tried to back away...was he giving her away...sharing her...what was
going on...please...

Glen knelt next to the terrified slave. He forced her head up so that
she could read his lips..."Easy Brandy...good girl...shhhhhhhh...it's
ok...Adam is going to watch you while I go to work...I don't want you
here alone the first day..shhhhhh....He has is own bitch for you to
play with...Good Girl...Good pet...I will be back after work."
Brandy's eyes teared up...she was afraid to go with Adam...desperately
wishing she could tell Glen that she would be good, that he could
trust her. Glen could see the thoughts in the girls face, but shook
his head no...he would not take the chance and Adam would keep her
occupied and in training. She also needed to see what would happen the
next time she tried to escape. Adam tugged gently on the leash. Glen
walked out with them and to the truck, loading Brandy in. He would
drive her to Adams house just up the road. Adam set in the truck bed
with the trembling girl, holding her to the bed of the truck as Glen
backed them out of the driveway and turned up the road to the house
Brandy had headed to for help.

Brandy clung to Glen as he lifted her from the truck bed..burying her
tearful face in his shoulder. Gently he pried the girls fingers from
his shoulders and handed her over to Adam for the day. Brandy strained
at the end of the lead as Glen got into the truck and drove off...her
hand raised in pleading. Adam looked down at the bitch in his
care...deaf and mute..it would be a rough day on her as she began
training. He jerked the leash and forced her into the house.

Brandy's eyes rolled with fear as she got her first look at the
interior...spartan and neat it was none the less obviously a place for
Dogs. Toys littered the floor in neat piles and there were several
pads on the floor where they could lay. Adam turned and locked the
door behind him with a key. The back yard was the only place she could
escape to and that was fully fenced and electrified... There was no
place for the cunt to go. He whistled for his bitch.

Merilee crawled from the bedroom and over to her Master and husband.
Brandy's eyes opened in shock as she took in the pretty blonde woman
approaching. Merilee's hands were nothing but paws...her fingers had
been surgically removed and the scar tissue was long healed. She
crawled towards them on the stumps of her legs and palms, moving
easily as if that had been her only form of locomotion for years.
Merilee reared up to greet her husband and Brandy was able to see the
scar in the folds of her throat...her voice had been surgically
removed. Brandy.....fainted.

Nubaby had spent the night bound and discarded in a corner of the
playroom after her re-capture. She did not understand why nothing had
been done to punish her...unless you consider being so close to escape
a punishment in itself. There was nothing she could do save make
herself as comfortable as she could with arms and legs bound behind
her and try to rest. She knew she would need all the rest she could
get to face the morning.

The rest of the slaves had been bedded down with their owners. They
wanted the girl to face the night alone and contemplating what was to
come. As they rose...none went to visit her, instead they gathered in
the dining room for breakfast and coffee. Tony had spent some of the
night thinking about how to punish the slut, not only for biting him
but for trying...hell nearly managing to escape. He had to make her
more fearful of another attempt. He woke up smiling.

NuBaby looked up in fear as the group entered the room. Her body was
stiff from both the position and from the damage she had already done
to herself during her escape attempt.The look on Tonys face did little
to encourage hope of forgiveness or to indicate he enjoyed her
feistiness. Tony walked over to the bound bitch..."You have made a
large mistake girl...a very large one...and you WILL learn today that
my pleasure in your flesh is a LOT LESS PAINFUL than my Punishment of
it." NuBaby said nothing and made no attempt to roll away...only met
his eyes with defiance.

Tony lifted the girl from the floor one hand gripping her tit, the
other buried in her cunt. NuBabys squeal of pain as her entire weight
lifted from the floor brought a gleam to Tony's eyes as he carried her
from the room to the basement. Nu's whip cord body squirmed in
desperation as she was deposited in the basement, fear causing the
girl to break out in a cold sweat. The only time she had been down
here, she had lost the ability to walk...what would she lose this
time...her tongue, teeth...God not her clit... Bound there was no
place the girl could escape to. Tony had thought long and hard but had
been unable to come up with anything until he dreamed last night...now
Nu would find out just how cruel he could be.

Mary entered the basement carrying a tray, the objects on it covered
by a cloth.Tony set about setting up the punishments...it would last
until the girl broke...she would never try that stunt again. Lowering
an overhead chain over the platform..he adjusted it until it was just
the right height...it would hold the sluts head up. He attached the
chain to the back of her collar after dragging her over. NuBaby was
perched on her knees, legs and wrists still cuffed behind her...All of
the pressure was on her throat as he worked. releasing her feet he
attached a short chain to her ankle and pulled her leg over to the
edge of the platform to secure it. Returning he secured the other and
moved back to balance her a little better. NuBaby dared not
struggle...with her legs spread so wide most of her weight was born on
her throat...breathing was an exercise in frustration. Tony looked
over the girl he did not want to kill her and to leave all the
pressure on her throat would. Moving quickly he uncuffed and recuffed
her hands above her head to the chain. Now her shoulders bore the
maximum amount of weight. NuBaby glared as she was pulled into a
pyramid of pain. There was little she could do against the mans
overwhelming strength, save suffer. Tony moved over to the tray that
Mary held and pulled the cover off to reveal two potted barrel cacti.
The first was only a small thing barely 2 inches in diameter with the
spines...but the other...NuBaby bucked and struggled as she saw it was
nearly 3 inches in diameter and height the spines sharp and wicked
looking. Tony drew on a pair of thick leather gloves and pulled the
larger cactus from the pot. NuBaby nearly strangled herself as she
struggled when Tony knelt before her.
OHMYGODOHMYGODNONONONONONNONONONONONONONONONONOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!
Tom and Bears hands reached between her spread legs and forced her
cunt open as wide as they could, the girls screams of fear and pain
ringing through the basement room. Carefully Tony began to force the
cactus up inside the girls cunt. He did not want to break the spines
off. He pressed the sharp spines upward into the gaping hole to nest
all but the root within the warm bleeding cavern. Tom and Bear
released the cunt walls and pulled a few stray spines from their
hands, as NuBaby twisted and screamed her pain. 

Tony pulled the other cactus from the pot and waiting until Nu's eyes
were closed and her mouth as open as it would get as she screamed
pushed the smaller cactus into her mouth. Snapping a scarf from his
back pocket, he bound the cactus tightly into her mouth so that she
could not spit it out. Agony flamed through the girl as mouth and cunt
engulfed the sharp spines, embedding them into the tender flesh. Tony
lowered the chain a notch so that she would not strangle and stepped
back...she would never bite him again.

They left the basement..the girl hanging and screaming in pain as she
attempted to eject the tormenting plants from her body....an hour to
stew with this and then......punishment would continue.....




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			51. And the Beat Goes On

Nubaby tried to pull herself together and under control...she could
ride this pain...there was no way that they were gonna break
her...none...OH GOOOOOOOODDDDD PLEEEAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSEEEEEEEEEEE IT
HUUUUUUUUUUUUURRRRRRRRRTTTTTTTTTTS....her mind slowly gave way to the
pain despite all the will she brought to bear. All too soon she
writhed and fought in the chains holding her...a small trapped animal
with but one though...stop the pain anyway she could.  Her tan flesh
glistened in the fitful light of the basement as she stretched her
mouth wide trying to keep the spines from piercing the flesh of her
tongue and roof further. There was nothing she could do for her
cunt...that agony she would have to bear.

Tony answered the door when he heard LAGuardian pull up. Grinning he
helped the large man pull his gear from the car. "Good to see you
again buddy." LAGuardian clasped wrists with Tony. Nearly as large as
Tony, he shared a marked interest in the same torments of feminine
flesh. Tony knew that he held the more...subtle tortures in an experts
touch....whereas he himself...had never quite gotten the hang of
finesse. If anyone could help him break the slut...LAGuardian could.

"Now where is this slut you've stolen Tony, and what have you done to
her so far?" LaGuardian followed Tony into the house, carrying one of
the large cases easily under his arm. It was with a beaming smile that
he greeted Mary, Tom, Bear and DebiJean again. Business had kept him
from his friends for far too long. Tony and the rest brought him up to
speed on what had been done, and then showed him to a room where he
could get changed. It was a different man who left the room and
returned. His formidable body was now covered from head to foot in
black leather...a 3/4 executioner's hood covering all but his eyes,
mouth and chin, gauntlets making his massive wrist look even larger.
Carefully he adjusted his vest and wide leather belt...his appearance
would do half the work for him. Lifting one case and handing the other
to Tony...they descended into the basement to face Nu.

Eisanna had remained at the farm with her slaves...it had been a while
since she had seen Gene...but more..there were things that needed
doing about the farm and it would give her an opportunity to work her
slaves harder. Both Grimli and wildrose had been allowed to rest that
evening...the next day would be one of strenuous labor and pain.
Rising early was not her strong suit, but she wanted to get to work
and life on a farm even a human pony farm...still starts early. Her
crop woke the sleeping slaves...grimli groaning as he rose..his balls
were black and blue...and still extremely painful...but no where near
as swollen as they had been. "Com 'on you lazy bastards...we have a
long day ahead of us...If I can get up you can." Leaving them little
time to wake, eisanna goaded them from the room and downstairs to
greet Gene. "Morning Luv...I hope there's coffee at least?" Gene
grinned and handed her a cup...he had already been up for an hour and
fed and watered his mare lizette. Grimli and wildrose looked at one
another...God that coffee smelled good...it was something they had not
tasted in weeks. "Gene if you want take Grimli out and get him
started...I will be there as soon as I have finished this and Wildrose
has dressed me." "Not a problem Eisanna, take your time. Grimli! Move
it!" with a last lingering look at the coffee pot the naked slave
followed Gene from the house and down to the stable. 

"Your gonna sweat today boy...Now back in here..." Gene chivvied the
slave into position and began to cover his body with thick 1" straps
of leather harnessing. Grimli was unsure of what was being done to his
body as he looked down at the padded chest plate that was covering his
pectoral muscles..held in place by straps that bound his upper ribs
and ran between his groin and ass then back again. Pushing the mans
torso so that it bent slightly at the waist Gene slide the bars of the
sled into place on the sides of the harness and chained them in place.
Lifting a thick cross-piece he set it in front of the slave and cuffed
his hands to the padded bar. Grimli looked up...it slowly dawning on
his still sleepy mind that he was going to be moving loads of
something. He tried to refuse the heavy curb bit that Gene began to
force into his mouth..but a quick tap to his tenderized balls soon put
a stop to that. Once bit and brindle were in place Gene moved
quicker...a pouch going around the tender balls to protect them and a
metal collar around the head of Grimlis cock. A thin leather strap led
from the cock ring to the bridle...Grimli's head would remain bowed or
he ran the risk of yanking his cockhead and cutting it. Leading the
reins to the sled he secured them on the crosspiece and then went to
hunt for the spare tail he had...No pony would be complete without
it...not even a draft pony. Coating the plug with Dr. Bonners
Peppermint Castile soap he began to shove it into place. Grimli
lurched forward in pain as the concentrated peppermint soap burned
into his asshole only to be pulled up short by the pain in his mouth
as Gene yanked the reins. He stood still and suffered the pain as the
plug was shoved home and the long tail brushed the back of his calves.
Satisfied that everything was in readiness, Gene stepped onto the low
sled and picked up reins and whip. 

"YAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH...MOVE IT! YAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" the whip
snapped into the broad back before him as Gene snapped the reins.
Grimli leaped forward under the goad of pain to be brought up short by
the sleds refusal to move.
SNNNNNNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAAAAPPPPPP....CRRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACKKKKKKKKK,
over and over the whip fell as the man pushed against the crosspiece,
his muscles bulging. Slowly the six low wheels of the sled began to
turn and he was guided out of the stable. Gene turned him toward the
gradual downhill incline and towards the distant woods...the whip
snapping as he urged greater speed out of the straining slave. The
early morning sun had barely taken the chill out of the air, but
Grimli began to warm as he raced ahead of the now freely moving sled.
It seemed an eternity before Grimli felt the pain of the bit slowing
him...his ribs were heaving and his flesh coated with a sheen of sweat
as he was slowed and turned into the woods. Easing him between the
trees Gene guided him to a deadfall of wood. Securing the bridle to
another tree...he set about cutting up the wood into manageable pieces
and loading them on the sled. Grimli could see him going back and
forth out of the corner of his eyes and shivered...this would not be a
light load...and though the grade was gentle pulling it back up hill
was not going to be easy.

Gene did not intend to overload the sled...better to make several
trips than to destroy someone elses slave. His intent was to train the
man...get him to the point he would obey without thinking...not to
kill him. Calculating he had loaded about two hundred lbs of wood on
the sled, he decided to start back up hill. Between sled and wood the
slave would be pulling 400 lbs...uphill, that would be enough to
start. Unhitching Grimli he leaned his own weight pushing against the
sled as he turned the slave and sled about. Standing back near the
head of the sled...he began to play  the whip over the mans body,
cutting and slashing him to get his moving. Grimli strained, his full
weight pushing against the padded cross piece His head jerking up in
pain with each lash and pulling at his cock. The mans powerful thighs
trembled and stood out in relief as he leaned forward trying to get
the heavy sled to move...each step fought for and dearly one...it
began to roll. Gene knew that the slave had to get the cart up to
speed or he would never make it back up hill. Over and over his whip
urged Grimli faster, to put more effort into it as they left the woods
and began the long climb.

NuBaby was so deep in the pain that she was unaware when the group
came back down, nor did she see the newest arrival. Tony stopped and
stared at the slave, her body gleamed in the light, a wet pool of piss
tinged with blood gathered beneath her. Slowly he walked over to her
and grabbing her hair, pulled her head back so that he could look at
her face. He saw nothing in her eyes...only pain, no recognition, no
intelligence...just pure agony. His hand fumbled at the scarf holding
the cactus in her mouth and removed it. Gently he pulled the nearly
denuded vegetation free. NuBabys mouth remained open, the spines from
the cactus embedded deep in the flesh. Sliding on a leather glove he
pulled the cactus from her cunt. His toy, his pet, shook and wept in
his grip as the spines pulled free to remain behind. LAGuardian helped
him to free the slave of her bonds. He and Tony held the girl up by
her arms and dragged her to the operation table where Mary waited.
Guardian looked at the mass of spines in the girls open mouth..."Hmmm
I take it she angered you?" Tony laughed..."The fucking bitch tried to
bite my cock off and then escape. Took almost a hundred stitches to
close up the bit marks, a tetanus shot, and the little slut nearly
made it on her escape attempt."

Guardian nodded..."Well I don't think she will be doing much
biting...but running..that is going to be a horse of a different
color...we need to make her want to stay or incapable of thinking of
running without overwhelming fear." Mary picked up tweezers and set to
work in the girls mouth. Each spine left as painfully as it had
entered the flesh, pulled slowly and carefully by the surgeon to
insure as little damage as possible. NuBaby's eyes brimmed with tears
and gratitude, but still her face was lined with a rictus of pain.

Nearly an hour had passed before Mary finished with the girls mouth.
Over 1 thousand spines had been worked free from the slaves mouth, her
tongue and tissues swollen, even her cheeks had puffed out, giving her
a decidedly chipmunk appearance. Now would come the truly delicate
work. Tony had not shoved the cactus deep into the girls cunt, he had
not wanted to pierce the uterus, but the lips, and inner walls were
covered with the sharp spines. Tony maneuvered NuBabys legs up in the
stirrups and secured them...spreading the metal legs as far as he
could. With LAGuardian's help he held the girls legs and body as Mary
moved to inspect the multiply pierced cunt. Her eyes glittered as the
pink folds were spread wide revealing a nearly completely spine
covered vaginal opening. It nearly looked frosted.  Evilly she grinned
as she prepared to go to work.....

"She Loves you...she loves you not" Each spine yanked from the girls
swollen and agonized cunt brought screams of pain as NuBaby dug her
nails deep into the tables edge. Mary began to shudder softly as she
probed with the tweezers, gripping the next spine and easing it from
the flesh with a snap of her wrist. Slowly the mouth of the cunt was
cleared of the spines...and she reached for a metal speculum. Sliding
it into the girl she began to opening it...one of the old fashioned
models it operated on a screw and as she slowly turned it the metal
leaves opened wider and wider. NuBabys screams redoubled as she felt
her swollen pelvic muscles pushed wider than even Tonys enormous fist
had spread her. 

NuBaby had not known that she could hurt so much and stay conscious.
Struggle as she might, there was no escaping the pain as each spine
was pulled from her flesh. Marys probing tweezers brushed over the
spines in front as she deliberately worked from the back forward. At
long last her tormented body gave up...and he mind sank into the sweet
bliss of darkness. "Mary...she's out!" Tom alerted his wife to the
girls state. It took a few moments for Mary to pull herself back into
control, staving off the orgasm...that loomed with each scream from
the girls ravaged mouth. "SHIT!" Mary moved over to her small
refrigerator where she stored supplies...choosing two small vials she
brought them back along with a hypodermic. Efficiently she drew up a
small amount of adrenaline and of an antihistamine, then injected them
directly into the girls tit via her nipple. Tom snapped an ammonia
capsule under her nose and the slave woke screaming in pain as her
nipple as breached and the point driven deep into the tit flesh.
"There that should keep the slut awake...I don't want her to miss any
of this!" Tony grinned at Mary as she spoke and dug his finders deeper
into the girls flesh. "Hear that bitch...you got Miss pissed at you."
NuBaby face showed her fear...all defiance was gone from the girl now,
all she knew was pain, and she could feel the shakes as the adrenaline
rushed through her system, sending the nerve endings into
hyper-sensitivity.

Mary returned to her work on the sluts slit, each spine now being
twisted free instead of pulled. NuBaby did the only thing she
could...she gave herself over to the pain and stopped fighting it.

Grimli finally made it up the incline, his back and thighs covered in
welts, Gene drew him to a halt by the water trough and began to unload
the wood as the young man stood trembling in the traces. Eisanna
yoohoo'd from the house and led WildRose Down. The woman was dressed
in tight fitted jeans, boots and a plaid silk shirt. She stroked
Grimli's muscles as she drew next to him. "I Have Come To Help!"  Gene
looked over the womans outfit with a appreciative eye. It was not
practical, but it was cute. "And what are we going to do with Wildrose
while we are going up and down the hill?" "She is a big girl and she
can pull alongside Grimli...after all I want them trained as a matched
pair." Wildrose shook her head...she could see the weight that Grimli
had been forced to pull, see the whip marks over his ass and thighs,
and the large bluebottle flies landing and nipping at the tenderized
flesh. Gene said nothing but went into the barn to saddle lizette and
bring out another harness. He tied lizette to the post and turned to
hand Eisanna a bowl of hi-protein, hi-carbohydrate gruel for Grimli.
Pulling his head up, Eisanna worked the gruel past the curb bit,
ignoring the pained moans as his raised head tugged at his cock.
Bitter and soft if eased its way down his dry throat and filled his
belly. As Wildrose was harnessed, Grimli began to feel the energy
rising in his body again. Using the now empty bowl Eisanna began to
give the grateful draft slave a drink from the trough. 

Gene made sure that the slaves tits were bound high on her chest,
holding them out for the driving whip, and then settled the padded
breast plate into place. Finally she was ready and he backed her into
the traces next to Grimli, forcing her to bend under the crossbar.
Securing her wrists to the bar...he snapped a hook between Grimli's
and her harness, insuring that they would have to move in tandem. With
a bit of adjustment he made extra sure that her bridle fit well and
that the reins were not tangled before knotting them together with the
others. They were ready.

Lizette looked around as she tried to ease her shoulders under the
saddle. It had been modified from a saddle for a Shetland pony, and
was one that she rarely wore. Gene preferred to work her on the lunge
line or trot her before his sulky...it was rare that he chose to ride
her.  With a bow Gene handed Eisanna up into the saddle and adjusted
the stirrups. Lizette, backed and filled as the unfamiliar weight
settled on her shoulders, she had never born anyone save her Master
and found a kernel of resentment flaring. Gene grabbed the reins loose
and snapped the whip across her ass...warning her not to buck or fail
him. Shamed the filly settled as her Master controlled her, then
handed the reins to Eisanna, along with a crop. Lizette held her head
wide as the unfamiliar hands controlled her mouth and curved her ass
out for the crops snap that would start her moving. 

Stepping into the sled...Gene snapped the whip across Wildrose and
Grimli's asses and Yelled for them to pull. The team of draft ponies
threw themselves into the sleds traces as Eisanna snapped the crop
against lizettes ass and started her in a slow walk next to the moving
sled.....




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			52. Com 'on Baby Light My Night On Fire

FX spent the next couple of days catering to the badly injured slave.
Catching short naps in the chair by the bed and leaping up to feed,
clean and care for him..almost hourly. Dudes mind hazey with the
morphine and pain noted the constant presence of his owner. Fx kept up
a nearly constant chatter...trying to bring some smile to the fevered
slaves lips. Little of it penetrated Dudes fogged mind save the times
that FX released his anger over having allowed Dude to push him into
losing control. "God ...I don't know What I was thinking...I have
never wanted to hurt you so badly...If you were so unhappy with me...I
would have..found you...Shit!" FX looked down at the face of his
beloved slave...he had never wanted to hurt him so badly. His hands
tenderly cleaned the burn wounds and soothed the fevered brow. "How
can you ever forgive..me..trust me again?" The flinching of Dudes body
each time he touched him told him just how hard that would be. 

"Please ...you have to know how much I care about you...how much I
want and need you...you just...pushed me too far...to turn on me like
that...to set me up for rape in the club...how could you parade me in
front of my friends so...GOD...I WISH I COULD TURN BACK THE CLOCK!"
Slowly the mans anguish dawned on Dude...captive in his own body, he
could feel the pain of the man he called Master. Fuzzily his mind
wondered at his own actions...it was so hard to think...the pain and
drugs made him just want to sleep and drift...but flashes of the past
week rolled past his eyelids when he did. Had he truly been so
angry...so ...jealous of all that FX was that he had struck out
blindly...not caring how he hurt the man who had taken him
in...trained him..loved..him?
"hmmmmrotttttie..grammeaadeuuuuuuuuuuuuuuhertzzzzzzzme" FX stopped and
listened to the slave mumbling into the pillow he lay face down on.
Dude could hear that he had not made sense...and tried to shake off
the fog.."Immmmmmmmmsorryyyyyiiiiiiii madeuyouhut me" FX looked down
on the slave as he succumbed to the morphine's grip...a soft tear
landing on Dudes shoulder as he stroked the dark hair before him. "I
know...sleep...sleep..per chance to dream...if you are so unhappy with
me...whenyou are well..I..I will find you another owner." Dude slowly
drifted back into a dreamless sleep..FX tenderly watching over him.

Brandy woke from her faint, her body cold from laying on the floor.
Merilee sat beside her petting her head. Slowly Brandy's mind came
into focus and she looked at the petite blonde woman sitting with her.
Her eyes took in the thickened but tender stumps of the girls
legs...the calloused palms of her hands. Merilee looked down at her
with eyes bright blue and smilled....with vocal cords cut she could
not speak to the slave who could not hear. Her voice was little more
than a rasping bark...but her eyes spoke volumes, and her lips formed
the words unheard. Carefully she shaped the words so Brandy could read
her lips..."i...am...Merry Lee..Adams..wife." Brandy mouthed the word
wife back to be sure that she had understood. Merilee nodded. Brandy
signed a simple but powerful word...WHY. Merilee could not read the
sign but she could see the puzzlement and horror on the girls face.
"i..was..bad..wife..nagging..no sex..spend money..fuck around." Brandy
watched carefully, her mind trying to grasp what she was reading on
the womans lips..."Adam...caught...me..he..is..good..man...loves..me..
no..di..vor..ce..pun..i..sh..me...give..me..to..dogs..for...fuck"
Brandy looked around for Adam and then back at the woman.
"i...made..his...life...mis..er..ra..ble...yelling...run...away...
with..lover." Brandy nodded that she understood..."he..dump..me..Adam..
take...back..but..make..sure..no..run..again...no..nag."

Slowly Brandy tried to shape the word "Escape?" Merilee shook her head
no.."He..is..good..me..i..love..him...he..make..me..see..where..i..belong.
my..place..here...fuck..bitch..for..dogs...Adam." Brandys mind could
barely encompass the horror...this was a bright and pretty woman...she
had been fixed so she could not run away, could not call for help..and
yet she loved her husband..her life? How could that be...then her mind
cast back to Glen and the night they had spent. Yes she had been
forced to suck and fuck his dog..well to be honest only the first time
was force...she was beginning to grow fond of Bruno, but Glen...that
she did not understand...he made her do things she did not want to do,
treated her as a bitch dog and her flesh thrilled each time he touched
her. When he had made love to her...she wanted him..loved the feel of
him inside her...the way he made her feel, come alive, quiver when he
touched her and petted her. Merilee tapped her shoulder.

"be..long..Glen..he..is..good..man..Bru..no..good..fuck..dog...you...love...him?"
Brandy thought about it. Was she coming to love Glen..his kindness to
her. Yes he was stern..did not allow her to disobey. Her mind cast
back to the races...and her fetching of the ball for him. Had it only
been to keep him from remembering his promise if she walked. SHe
looked at Merilee..she had not really thought someone would do that to
another human being, but the proof was before her eyes. She thought of
the rolling and play in the grass and she was loved and fucked by man
and dog..the power of the orgasms she had, the light-heartedness of
that moment. Slowly her head nodded as she blushed. So much of her
life had been spent alone...even in a crowd, she had been
alone...different. Dates were rare...she found that most became
frustrated when she could not read what they were saying...or would
shout, thinking she was only hard of hearing. Worse were the ones who
treated her as if she were stupid, not deaf. Her mind turned to the
morning when Glen had walked her, freed her from the vines...fed her,
of the slow burn of hunger as he groomed her..and of the pain of his
leaving her here...both in her..and what she felt in his arms and saw
in his eyes..he had not wanted to go. Merilee understood, she knew
that soon the bitch would love Master and Dog as much as herself. She
could see the loneliness in the girls eyes..and dawning hope. Adam had
told her to help the girl understand that it was not a bad life...to
teach her. She tapped Brandy again and gestured for her to follow.
Rising on all fours Merilee led the way to the back door, Brandy
followed afraid to stand up and growing more used to crawling every
day. when the girl halted at the door, Brandy automatically started to
reach for the door knob, Merilee butted her away shaking her head NO.
Her pointed stare at Brandy's fingers told the girl all she needed to
know...Knobs were forbidden. Brandy looked down at her only way to
communicate and blanched..she would remember or lose what voice she
had to speak to the world.

Merilee pushed her way through the large dog door and Brandy followed
into the back yard. Her eyes were entranced by the beauty of the
garden..roses..carnations a riot of green and color. Surrounding it
was a high fence, and Brandy could see that the garden paths were
covered in a finely shredded bark that would be gentle on the knees.
Merilee nudged her and led her down one of the paths to a small dirt
clearing. There was a small fountain bubbling with water to one side,
not much more than a pipe with a head it was at groin height. Merilee
pawed some of the dirt back and relieved herself then covered it again
and moved to the fountain, backing up she allowed the water to wash
over her, cleansing the area. She indicated to Brandy that she was
welcome in her spot, but the blushing girl shook her head no..she
would wait. With a shrug Merilee set off down another path Brandy
moving slowly behind her. She marveled at the way the mutilated girl
got around so easily and naturally.

Merilee found Adam working on one of the rose bushes..Brandy hung back
on the path..shyness making her uneasy to crawl naked in front of this
man. Adam looking around for her spotted her where she knelt and
tapped the control for her collar lightly. Brandy looked up panicked
at the shock...he gestured for her to heel, and with shaking limbs she
crawled from the path to him. She could not hear his whistle as he
petted her and was startled by the rapid racing appearance of 2
enormous Wolfhounds and a German Shepherd. Shrinking back she watched
fascinated as Merilee dove into the pack of dogs and rough housed with
them. She watched as a beam of joy washed over the young womans face,
the dogs licking and snuffling her body as they would have another
dogs. She could see the first flush of desire color the womans skin as
she spread her knees and allowed the dogs access to her cunt and ass.

Adam watched Brandy's reaction carefully. Glen had told him that she
had only seen forced use...never anyone who wanted the dogs
attentions. He could see the look of surprise and hunger cross the
girls face as the Shepherd mounted Merilee's face, his wife eagerly
sucking the dogs cock into her hot little mouth as one of the
wolfhound reared up and stabbed desperately at her ass and cunt. The
other Wolfhound bounced around trying to find room for him self on the
woman fucking back into the cock seeking her. Without fingers she
could not help the dog mount her but the shudder of pleasure as he
finally rammed home in her wet cunt was very evident. Adam knew that
Glen wanted his bitch to freely enter her slavery...and began to
stroke her cunt and clit, fucking his fingers into her and raising her
own desires to the boiling point. When she began to fuck back onto his
fingers he knew she was nearly ready...Pulling his cock from his pants
he offered it to her mouth. Brandy could not take her eyes off of
Merilee as she whipsawed between the two dogs, her cheeks bulging as
the Shepherd forced his rapidly swelling knot into her mouth. She
could see the womans cunt lips swollen and distended, and the look of
bliss on the dogs face as he tied with her. Adam drew her attention
back to the cock in his hand feeding it to her and Brandy began to
groan and suck on it. Her cunt burned and itched with her need,
growing wetter, desperate for someone to fill it. She hoped that Adam
would fuck her cunt...wishing that Glen were here instead. 

The unoccupied Wolfhound glanced around, his gaze hounds eyes drawn to
the fleshy cunt softly grinding in the air. Trotting over he shoved
his freezing cold nose into the tempting orifices and began to lick.
Brandy started as the dog probed and explored her cunt, but Adams hand
kept her mouth busy...as the dog mounted and began to plow deep into
her cunt.

After what seemed hours Nubaby 's cunt was clear of the spines....Mary
had examined her closely and declared that though lacerated and
punctured...the girl was fine and that the punishment could continue.
Barely NuBaby registered the words, she shivered with the cold air and
the adrenaline that had been pumped into her. "Good." LAGuardians
voice was soft and cold. "Now she can learn what trying to escape
means...the bitch may as well settle down...and learn to love her
life. Why don't we try some of the old ways first." He turned toward
his cases...not knowing the mental strength of the girl he was to
break, he had come prepared. "You are going to want to secure her well
Tony."

Already strapped to the table and in pain, NuBaby could not even fight
back as Tony secured her to immobility. The last strap was for her
forehead, and there was nothing she could move. The pain in her mouth
and swollen tongue prevented her from even forming words, her cunt
still gaped open, with the speculum pressing hard against her pubic
bones. LAGuardian pulled a strange contraption from his case...a metal
stand. He fitted it over her head and she could see a hole open at the
top. NuBaby did not understand what the stand was for, but feared that
she would soon find out. It was with a delicacy that was belied by his
size that he gripped her eyelids and pulled them away from the lower
one. Gently he fitted something resembling an eyelash curlers head to
the lids forcing them apart, NuBaby tried to protest and force her
lids shut. "Shh don't worry baby...I'm not about to let your eyes dry
out....Lifting an oddly teardrop shaped bottle into place on the
frame..he carefully angled the double nozzles so that they focused
directly over her wide open eyes. "Hehehehe...I do so love oriental
tortures and DeMullato...of course I have modernized things a little.
Now Mary if you would be so kind as to lend me a hand with this other
device I think she will be about ready for her next lesson." Mary
nodded and then laughed as he lifted a Rainbow vacuum from his case.
"Don't tell me you are going to vacuum the sluts mind?" "Nope..made a
few changes to the little thing...makes a great torture toy now."
LAGuardian  set the case on the floor at the foot of the operating
table and began to fit a step down hose to it "We need a catheter
threaded through her cervix." Mary nodded and headed for her cabinet
to return. NuBaby strained against the straps...as a nurse she knew
that anything forced into a un-dialated cervix was painful and somehow
she just knew that Mary was not going to numb it first. She was
right... Mary sat and began to force the catheter into the girls
cervix...despite the condition of her mouth Nubaby put her lungs
behind each scream .

Once Mary was finished LAGuardian took over attaching the hose to the
vacuum. He filled the canister with a kettle of hot water that Tony
brought over and added a 1/4 cup of Dr. Bonners soap. "She is prima
correct Dr.?" "Yes" "Then 3 quarts should do it...Tony another kettle
if you please..just a shade cooler." DebiJean and Bear watched
fascinated as the burly man made his preparations. DJ could already
see some wonderful possibilities for torturing rabidchia and chuck...

"I modified this so that the motor reverses automatically when the
chamber is empty and full...it should make things very interesting for
the girl." He flicked the switch and the motor whined, turning a
petcock on the hose her released the air as the soapy water rose and
then shut it so that the fluid would slowly rise and fill the girls
uterus with the peppermint castile soap. As the first trickle of fluid
burned its way into NuBabys uterus, he moved back to the stand and
opened the nozzles...a slow drop for dilute saline formed on the heads
and NuBaby could only watch as they seemed to grow and stretch before
falling into her eyes...

LaGuardian checked to make sure everything was running freely and
pulled a tape recorder from his case. Turning it on he set it for
replay and the soft tones murmured to the girl as she screamed in
pain..."you love your Master, your love the pain, you do not want to
ever leave him, anything he wants you freely do...you love your
Master, you love the pain, you do not want to leave him, anything he
wants you freely do"

They left her alone in her torment.....  




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

		53. Two Outta Three Ain't Bad

"you love your Master, your love the pain, you do not want to ever
leave him, anything he wants you freely do...you love your Master, you
love the pain, you do not want to leave him, anything he wants you
freely do" NuBaby did not know which was worse, as her mind slowly
faded, caught in the whirlwind of pain and control.

Each drop of dilute saline landed full upon her open eyes, they
burned, they itched...oh GOD how they hurt, but she could still see.
Still see, watching each drop slowly form and begin to break free to
fall...followed slowly by another. Always the tape kept repeating the
words, low..almost too low to hear, and her mind began to repeat them
even as her throat raw from screaming fell silent. She struggled, her
mind rebelling and fighting the nearly hypnotic cadence, her resolve
firming only to break again and again on the pain as the vacuum
flushed her bladder painfully full to burn with the peppermint and as
she would grow nearly used to it, reverse to suck it out again. Each
reversed tide seemingly expanding and crushing the tender organs out
pulling them nearly from their beds. 

She was unaware when LAGuardian and Tony came to check on her, she
neither saw nor heard them, her mind captive to the pain and torment.
Her mind danced in a whirlpool, alone and unaware as they changed the
water to pure in the vacuum, flushing her womb and changing it again,
until the waters ran clear. Slowly it filled and deflated her uterus
taking nearly 30 minutes for each cycle. LA and Tony checked the girls
eyes, as they stared blankly up at the forming drops...nodding LA
turned the drip down just a hair. Her eyes were still moist, the lids
trembling as they attempted to blink. Each drop matched the cadence of
the tape, slowly falling with each command, each suggestion. At a
gesture from La, Tony brushed his hand over the raw pierced cunt lips,
easing his fingers just inside the mouth. He was careful not to
dislodge the catheter as he probed and touched the tenderized flesh.
PAIN.....SHEER TORMENT burst across the macerated flesh and NuBaby
bucked. Insidiously the tape continued, the drops fell and her body
began to respond, her cunt growing wetter and tighter against his
probing fingers Tony smiled as the captives cunt began to rhythmically
clench and release trying to draw his fingers inside. LA made note of
it...and nodded. Removing his fingers and brushing them across his own
cock so hard in his pants, Tony reluctantly turned from the girl.

LaGuardian figured another hour or so...and she would no longer fight
what was done to her. As he lead the way upstairs, neither of them saw
the girl force her tormented mouth to form the
words...more.....please.

Brandy spent much of the day being worked by Adam, moving side by side
with Merilee. The Wolfhounds and Shepherd had each had several goes at
her and her, cunt still seeped their leavings. Brandy performed as she
knew Glen would want her too, she figured that Adam would give a full
report to him when he picked her up. The sun was sinking in the sky
when she was finally led back to the house. She heeled to Adam's left
following Merilee. Her eyes took in the swollen slit of the other
woman, the dog cum drying on her thighs...and knew that she was not
much better. Inside she was feeling a pain she did not
understand...she had only been in Glens possession for a few days, but
already she was coming to be very fond of him. This was not her owner
commanding her, it was not Bruno using her...and she felt...strangely
as if she was whoring around. She did not understand the feelings
within her heart. She was a captive, forced into this...but found that
her desire was for her captors hand. Unable to hear she would not even
know when he arrived...or if he would. That fear...that he would not
come for her...would not take her...home...god..did she really think
of it as home..was more painful than the thought that she would never
be free again. 

Adam watched her with wise eyes, as she found a space and lay on one
of the blankets. He pulled his own Merilee into his lap, fondling and
kissing the love of his life. He was not a cruel man, had known how
wild Merilee was when he married her. It had hurt him badly when she
was whoring around. He knew that such a fine looking woman, so bright
and bubbly would be sought after by so many men, but he had never
thought that she would succumb to their advances. He knew that she
needed a lot more loving than he had been able to give her and tried
to turn a blind eye to her escapades, until she had run off with that
no account wife stealer taking almost $20,000 with her. She'd come
back like a whipped dog when he ran off with the money, and he'd taken
her back..willing to forgive her if she never stepped out on him
again. But she changed, began nagging at him, no matter what he did,
what he gave her it was never enough and she had grown contemptuous of
him in bed, turned cold to him. Adam was not a cruel man but he was a
proud one, and even his patience had an end. When she had taken to
petting up the dogs instead of hugging and kissing him it had been
more than he could stand. A friend had introduced him to Dr.
Mary...and that and $10,000 was all it took. Merilee went to sleep one
night after a good meal and drinks and woke up 5 days later in Marys
private surgery. No more nagging, no more cutting remarks about the
way he made love to her..no more running off. It had taken nearly
three months for her to come to grips with it and she that she had
driven him to these exxtremes...but now..now he had his Merilee back.
Loving and warm, always ready for a roll in the bedroom or a romp with
the dogs. He still couldn't match her appetite for fucking, but hell
the dogs did that and they didn't want much more than to laze about,
run down a rabbit or two and eat. 

Merilee's rasping noises from her throat as she became aroused by her
husbands hand and lips was music to his ears. He would have still like
to have had her talking to him, but a man had to make sacrifices.
Brandy watched with saddened eyes as Merilee pulled herself around and
presented her hungry cunt to her husband. She could see the love and
joy between them as Adam plowed into his wifes cunt...and a touch of
envy washed over her...even this woman, robbed of voice and legs and
fingers was loved and accepted. Brandy did not hear Glen knock or open
the door. He and Adam had traded keys long ago and he knew that if
Adam didn't answer he was probably busy. Brandy lay on one of the
rugs, silently watching a look of longing on her face mixed with
something else. Glen watched her for a moment and then walked over.
Brandy caught the movement of his shoes as he walked up on her. Her
head snapped up and with a formless moan of delight and joy, crawled
over to him. Her lunge upwards as she hugged his knees caught Glen by
surprise. He looked down into a face he had never thought to see...one
of happiness and joy at his presence. It was with a cry of happiness
that he lifted the girl into his arms and sank to the floor with her.
His hands explored and petted her as his lips met hers. There was no
fight to Brandy, no stiffening in fear, only warm and wonderful woman
accepting and loving in his arms as he bore her to the floor.

Grimli and Wildrose worked side by side, their flesh covered in rivers
of sweat as the sun grew hotter and hotter. Gene was merciless...his
whip driving them up and down the hillside at as fast a pace as they
could maintain. Each load now weighed in at nearly 800 lbs. and the
two struggled and fought for each step as the sled sank into the soft
loam. Lizette too felt the heat of the day and the weight bearing her
down as she was trotted up and down the hillside bearing Eisanna.
Rarely did the woman take a moment off from tapping at her flanks,
urging her faster. The long morning drew near to noon before Gene
called a halt. Eisanna dismounted from lizette and the mar rested
gratefully in the shade of a tree as Gene broke out the lunch basket
he had packed. The sweat drying on the skin of the two draft ponies
attracted the voracious horseflies over to attack and bite at the
salty flesh. Miserably Grimli and Wildrose tried to shoo the flies
away from them, only to have them return to bite at the welts again
and again. A small stream nearby called to them with the coolness of
the water, but they had few ways to enjoy it. Hitched to a tree they
could not wander over and take a dip in the water streaming
past...thirsty they could only taste the water in their imaginations.
Gene and Eisanna noticed the longing looks that the three slaves gave
to the cool stream. But Gene was also extremely well versed in caring
for human ponies. To allow them to drink their fill or even to plunge
into the cold waters would bring them only cramps, charley horses, and
sick stomachs. They needed to cool down first before they could be fed
or watered. Finally Grimli and Wildrose slumped into the traces..the
harnesses holding their tired bodies up as they tried to rest and
ignore the flies. 

Eisanna and Gene shared a bit of talk with the roast beef sandwiches,
wine and fresh apples. Enjoying the coolness under the trees as the
time passed. "Hmmm you really don't need to drive her so hard
Eisanna...she is a good mare and sure footed...she will keep up." "Yes
but she does respond so wonderfully as she is ridden...I Love her
gait...do you think we could teach my pair to drive...maybe a carriage
or cart? Grimli I am sure would make a good hunter...though I may have
to geld him to keep his mind on...business and not on fucking
wildrose" Gene laughed and rose to see to the care of his mare and of
the two others. He ran his hands down lizettes body, testing the
muscle tone and checking to see if she was cooling well. Picking up
her feet on at a time he checked for cracks in the callous and stone
bruises, finally moving his hand up between her splayed legs and
probing her sex. He smiled at what he found there, so wet and
responsive that her cunt clenched tight about his fingers, milking
them. Lizettes moan told him that she was heated and ready to accept
her Master when he wanted her. Loosening the bit he unhitched her and
led her to the stream. "Go ahead beauty...you can cool off and drink."
Lizette cast a grateful eye to her Master as she slowly entered the
stream and allowed the cold water to sooth the ache from her muscles .
She dared not get the saddle wet and knew that the leather straps of
the harness would shrink as they dried, but...the water felt so good
and she bent her head to drink...her tail streaming out beside her in
the current. 

Pulling the mare from the stream before she had completely slaked her
thirst, he led her watching for any sign of limping and re-hitched her
to the tree. Grimli and wildrose looked at lizette with a measure of
envy...she did not have to pull the logs, and had been cared for,
allowed to cool off in the water. Sadly they turned their heads and
looked at Gene. With a laugh Gene walked over to them. He did not want
to get them soaked down, as it would make the harnesses chaff as they
pulled but he was not going to let them suffer...too much. Un-hitching
them he clucked and yanked on the reins. Grimli and Wildrose threw
themselves into the creaking harnesses and began to rock the sled into
moving. Every step was agony as they lunged toward the seductive
stream of crystal cold water. Each muscle strained as it called
sweetly to their hot, tired bodies. Finally their feet sank into the
cool mud and grass over the bank and Gene urged them into the water.
They were only allowed as far as their thighs, but even that was
enough to bring a sense of ease to their weary flesh. Gene removed his
boots and stepped in a small bucket in his hands...scooping water from
the stream he poured it over their heads and flesh washing them down
but not soaking the harness completely. Carefully he watered them
pouring the water into their open mouths. His kindness was not without
high price though. Numbed from the labor and the speed at which they
had been driven all morning, they had not thought of what it was to
mean to exit the stream. They could not go forward, the stream was too
deep for the sled and turning would be hell and a futile
exercise...that meant that they could only back up the heavily loaded
sled in the soft ground of the bank. Gene grinned and flourished the
whip as Eisanna stepped onto the sled and gathered the reins.
PPPPPPPPPPPOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP!
SLLLLLLLLLAAAAAASHHHHHHHHHHH,
CRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKK, the whip caught them
thighs and chest...groins and legs as Gene began to whip them into
shoving backwards. Eisanna yanked and snapped the reins pulling at
their mouths to guide them as the stream bed of round rocks and soft
silt worked against them. Over and over the whip fell as they pushed
and struggled backwards...one inch, two, a foot, ever backwards they
fought for ground until they could climb onto the streams soft bank
again. Trembling they kept up the backwards walk as Eisanna guided
them into turning the sled. finally pointed up hill again, they lunged
forward, fighting the inertia of the sled to start up toward the barn
with the wood. Gene swung up into the saddle on lizettes back, her
groan as his weight settled making him smile as he urged his mare to
catch up and laid the whip into the straining draft ponies to get them
stepping faster.

NuBaby never realized when LaGuardian stopped the drip and began to
remove the apparatus...Mary sat between her legs and began to pull the
catheter from her uterus, NuBaby's only reaction a soft moan. Tony
looked up at LAGuadian..."Broken so easily?..she has fought me every
step of the way." "No only the first step in conditioning
her...release the straps yourself..let her focus on you her Master as
the first thing that she sees." Tony quickly released the slave, but
she remained moaning softly her body open and unmoving. His expert
hands flexed the girls stiff body working the joints until they moved
easily. An eternity seemed to pass between each blink of the girls
eyes...matching the drip of water that had been her only relief and
site for 3 hours. Tony leaned over her so that her eyes would see only
his face. Slowly, she seemed to focus on him...her dark eyes losing
the blank stare and beginning to show intelligence again. LA pressed a
wet sponge into his hand and tony brushed it against the cracked and
parched lips of his cunts mouth. Eagerly she sucked at the water it
contained...her eyes never leaving his face. Dry he pulled it from
her...and her head tried to follow. "No slut..I say when you drink and
what." Her eyes dropped.

Tony picked her slight form up from the table and set her on the
floor. Weak and in pain she could barely hold herself upright.
Glancing at LA who nodded, he pulled his cock from his pants..."Suck
it Whore." NuBaby hesitated as he spoke the command, her mind trying
to fight the conditioning, but yielding and taking his hard cock into
her mouth so recently pierced and ravaged by the cactus...began to
suck and lick her Masters cock. She barely questioned the wave of
hunger and need that washed over her cunt as the pain in her mouth
began to drive her toward cumming.....     




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			54. Trial by Fire

NuBaby gave into the pain and the overwhelming exhaustion...there was
nothing left in her to fight with. Her life in the past week had been
one of pain, partial healing, inadequate food, more pain, and being
crippled, now hours and hours of punishment for her failed escape
attempt shattered the last of the girls reserves. She had already been
surprised to find that Tony's rough treatment of her found something
deep in her core that responded. Oh, she knew that she liked the
challenge of a strong man, and had not had any fear of meeting that
challenge head on. But in a world where every man was told over and
over to respect a woman, that he needed to be sensitive, she had found
few whom she could not manipulate. Here was a man, her tired mind
tried to keep its focus, who accepted nothing from her, took from her
what he wanted and controlled her. 

Her mouth was soon filled with the soothing bursts of cum as Tony
pumped his cock deep into the swollen flesh. It was the first moisture
she had received outside of the dampened sponge in 24
hours...gratefully she drew the searing cum into her mouth. What
confused her even more was the tremors and then explosion of her own
orgasm. Her burning eyes closed as she gasped in surprise...she had
felt the hunger growing in her, but had never expected to cum. Tony
smiled down at the subjugated woman in front of him, her mouth
clinging hotly to his cock. He and LaGuardian had talked...he knew
that he could not brainwash the slave into complying, but LA was
showing him how he could make her change herself. There was a bit more
to do before he could feel confident in her...and before the slut
could be allowed to rest.

Tony reached down to stroke the silken black hair of his slut. "Good
sureibu...you are learning." A shiver raced through NuBabys
flesh...she had eagerly sucked his cock from fear, fear that the pain
would continue, fear that it would grow worse, and found that the pain
and action had made her cum, but this, this was worse, she actually
enjoyed the praise, his touch on her hair telling her she had done
well. "You want to please me slut, it feels so good when you obey,
then the pain is ours and not just yours." Nubaby, curled in on
herself inside...the chaos that reined in her thoughts, kept her off
balance. It would hurt if she pleased him, it would hurt more if she
did not, but, either way it was pain, but she was cumming when she
hurt herself for him, NO...she had to esca...escape means pain, PAIN,
Anger and more pain..punishment..but maybe...no it is not safe to try.
Over and over her mind chased itself in circles...like a puppy with a
sparkler on its tail. If only she could sleep, heal, maybe, maybe then
she would understand...soooo tired...she did not realize that she had
not removed her mouth from his cock but was instead nursing on it, the
pain as she suckled rolling into the pain she already bore.

"Bitch..." she did not look up her fogged mind lost in its own
reaches. "Bitch..Let go." Tony tugged a lock of her hair to get her
attention, reluctantly the girl allowed his cock to pull from her
mouth with a pop. She was unaware of the string of cum that stretched
between her mouth and his cock until it broke and trailed down her
chin to her tits. LA Guardians cold modulated tones cut through the
fog..."Cunt you are going to perform for us...do well and you will
receive a treat...fail and the punishment goes on.

NuBaby glanced in his direction in fear, but dared not raise her eyes.
Opening one of his cases he pulled out a 14" dildo and a stand.
Holding the dildo out to the girl he waited for her to take it.
NuBabys hands shook as she took the weight of the artificial cock in
her hands, she could barely close her hands around the monster, it was
so thick.  Pulling a vial from his vest pocket he handed it to the
cringing slave. "Coat it bitch" NuBaby looked at the vial, her mind
pulling back in horror as she recognized the oil within from her
grandmothers cooking. HUNAN CHILI SAUCE! The girls eyes flared in fear
as she opened the vial and began to rub the oil onto the dildo.
LAGuardian in the meantime began to set up the stand. It was a simple
press set on end and balanced. The two boards open and a large screw
threaded between them to tighten the press. NuBaby contemplated the
dildo...she knew that it would go somewhere in her body and she feared
that she knew where. A tiny tear escaped her eye as she knew there was
no escape. 

"Hand me the dildo slut." NuBaby raised the heavy toy to LA's hand,
her breath catching in her throat. "Now cunt, Put your tits between
the boards...HURRY UP." NuBaby prayed for a reprieve, a
rescue..anything...death..lightening striking...as she pulled her
ravaged and pained body to the press. NuBaby looked down at her tits,
they were the only things not screaming at her in pain...Tony had done
little to them over the past days, but that reprieve looked like it
was over. Closing her eyes in fear, she edged her body over the press
and allowed the pert orbs to hand between the boards. She braced for
the pain to come but was unprepared for the next command. "Tighten it
slut." Confusion made her buck her head up...they couldn't mean for
her to ... please nooooooooo. "Tighten it slut. Don't make me say it
again" LA's voice was cold as ice. With a moan of fear, Nubaby gripped
the stiff screw and began to turn it...slowly the boards came
together, at first the pressure gradual....No worse than a lovers
grip..but all to soon it became painful and she stopped. Maybe they
would be satisfied with that...please let that be enough. Loosening a
screw on the side of the stand, LA tilted the board a bit. "NOT GOOD
enough cunt...I want to see those nipples of yours trying to pop."
Tony's voice was a lash cutting across the girls soul. "CRUSH them
slut!" 

NuBaby shook as her hands reluctantly forced themselves back to the
screw. Weeping freely now, she turned it, each turn growing harder to
make, each movement of the board downwards sending pain ripping
through her tit flesh, to curl knotted in her belly. Her screams of
pain as she tormented her own tender glands, made the men smile.
"Stop!" NuBaby danced on her knees, her body shaking and bouncing in
pain as she gratefully dropped her hands. Her nipples protruded purple
and bloated from the other side of the press, filled with the blood
that had been squeezed from the agonized flesh.

"Very good slut...such a good bitch...you obey well now." Again the
emotions warred in the captive slave. She had tortured herself to
please them...to avoid further punishment, but still...it almost felt
right...there was a core of pleasure from making them happy..no matter
how much it hurt.

"Now...put this in your cunt." NuBaby looked in horror at the Chili
Sauce covered dildo.  Her mind and body were already under attack by
the pain of the press and the cactus piercings of her mouth and cunt,
exhaustion fought for dominance with pain, her uterus still burning
under its punishing cleansing, her eyes burning and blurred by tears
and the hours of torment they had withstood....how could she add one
more thing , one more pain to it. "Slut." The warning in LA's voice
was enough, her hand reached for the oil coated dildo and maneuvering
it around the breast press she placed it at the swollen mouth of her
slit. A soft whimper of fear and anticipated agony escaped as she
began to force the enormous toy cock into her ravaged cunt. She had
not thought that it was possible for her cunt to hurt more, until
every nerve lit up like a pinball machine...screaming in lava hot fury
as the oil soaked into the holed flesh of her cunt.

Caught between press and fiery oil, Nubaby writhed, fucking the oil
soaked dildo deeper into her cunt. Even into the reaches of her cervix
and uterus the oil flowed and tormented. LAGuardian and Tony looked at
the slut dancing for them in pain, pain she had inflicted on herself
and found a warm glow of pleasure within. This was what bitches such
as this one were for, pain, dancing and writhing to their
pleasures...Controlled, owned, suffering as they wished. With matching
grins of sadistic pleasure each pulled their hardened cocks free. Now
she was ready to please. Sliding beneath the writhing ass of the slut
Tony shoved his massive weapon home in her ass as LAGuardian took
possession of her mouth. Each plowed and fucked the girl brutally,
finishing as the girl succumbed to the pain and abuse and fainted.

Brandy's soft mewling of welcome found a certain joy in Glens heart
that he did not know that he could feel. He had always envied Adam his
closeness with Merilee. Bruno was companion and friend, and he had his
friends among the S&M community, but this...this was a breathing,
warm, wet, woman eager to see him, to be in his arms. This was what he
had hoped for most of his life and never found. Thanking Adam for
watching his bitch and petting Merilee's head, Glen tapped the signal
to Brandy's collar. Crawling to the front door, Brandy watched her
owner, her lover, captor and maybe her love approach and open it.
Almost eagerly she left the house to wait at the truck bed..she could
not climb in on her own, knowing she was not to stand, but was
confused then estatic when Glen did not lift her into the bed but
carried her to the cab of the truck and put her on the floor inside.
It took only a moment to drive the short distance home, his hand
dropping to rustle her closely cropped hair. Her arms went about his
neck and her mouth nuzzled against his face as he lifted her from the
truck.

Glen let Bruno out of the house and the big dog ran over to check his
mate, he could smell other dogs on her flesh...and began to run the
yard marking his territory to return and mark his bitch as well.
Brandy shook indignantly and crawled into her bushes to relieve
herself. A hum of pleasure raced through Glen as he watched his two
pets moving about the yard. Finally it was time to go inside,
signaling them to follow he entered the house. 

Glen set about putting dinner together...a thick steak, baked potato
and buttered roll, sipping at a beer as he worked. Brandy lay on the
kitchen floor watching him as he moved about. Glen talked as he
cooked, a smile on his saturnine face as he, told Brandy and Bruno
about the day. Brandy could only catch 1 word in 10 but she never let
her eyes move from him. She could smell the steak cooking, her stomach
rumbling softly as she drooled. Damn...she could almost taste it. Her
heart sank a little as Glen picked up the dog bowls and began to fix
them. Well you couldn't expect to change him in a day. Glen placed the
bowls back down and Brandy rose with a sigh of sorrow to go eat. That
steak had smelled soooooooooo good....soooo tender even, but she
lowered her face to the bowl and began to eat what had been given her.
Glen laughed...the girl was trying...that was all he had wanted to
see...if she had really begun to settle down. His hand gripped her
collar and pulled her away from the filled bowl. Gently he wiped her
face with a dishcloth as she looked at him in confusion. Picking up
his own plate he signaled her to follow and entered the living room. 

Settling on the couch he signaled for her to sit at his feet. Brandy
could feel her stomach protest having to watch him eat. Glen sliced a
piece of the steak free and ate it, then cutting another, held it
above Brandy's head. Her heart leaped...ok...so she would have to beg
for it...IT WAS PEOPLE FOOD...STEAK...TENDER JUICY RARE STEAK!!!!
Eagerly she rose and reached for it with only her mouth. A Flavor she
had never thought to taste again burst over her tongue, almost she was
reluctant to chew and swallow wanting to savor that wonderful flavor
as long as she could. Glen laughed and gestured for her to chew. Bit
by bit he shared his meal with his bitch...enjoying the delight on her
face with every bite. 

It was a full and happy Brandy that joyously mated with Master and Dog
that night...her moans of pleasure as she serviced each filling the
room with a warm glow. Gleefully she smiled as Glen ready for
bed...called her into it to snuggle warm against his side, Bruno
laying across their feet. Somehow...it just didn't seem so bad
anymore....somehow...she felt loved.

The sun was sinking as Grimli and Wildrose pulled the last load of
wood into the yard. They could barely lift their legs
anymore...exhaustion had claimed them 2 loads back, and they moved as
zombies the last two trips up the hill. They could no longer think,
their brains numb as they fought blindly up the hill. Gene had lead
lizette into the stable and settled her. She was not used to being
ridden and had labored hard under first Eisanna's weight and then his.
Wildrose and Grimli stood quietly as they were unharnessed...each in
their turn, the tails were pulled from them and their bodies washed
down with the hose. Gene scrubbed them down well and finally led them
by the bridle into the stable. Confusion entered their eyes as they
were led to box stalls, the bars allowing light and air through, but
no latches on the inside. Efficiently he set about bedding them down,
clamping a iron manacle on one ankle and chaining them to the back
wall by it. 

Sinking into the straw all Grimli wanted was a beer and food, but
somehow he had the feeling that the beer was not on the menu when Gene
entered with a bucket of water and a bowl of food. His gray eyes took
in the mix of oatmeal, fruits and bits of stew meat and sighed. High
in carbohydrates it would fill him and give him energy, but was not as
satisfying as the meal he would have preferred, besides he hated
fruit! Petting Grimli on the shoulder Gene left the stall and
padlocked it. "You'd better eat up boy and rest...you have a long day
tomorrow" Sighing Grimli worked the bit in his mouth and tried to work
some of the ache from his bound hands as he ate. The sounds of
Wildrose servicing Miss Eisanna and the moans of lizette as her Master
enjoyed her tired heated flesh, made it hard, but not impossible for
him to sleep.




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

		55. Slip Sliding Away

Merci had attended the races with her Master Skruffy....seeing more
than she had ever bargained for. With each slaves torment Merci had
drawn further and further into herself, remaining silent until Skruffy
had ordered her to the car. There had been little said...Skruffy's
point was made. She was his to do with as he wished..there was no
escape...and moreover...his pleasures in her flesh could take a
decidedly nasty turn. Merci barely dared to look up at Skruffy. She
hated his knives...with a passion, but after watching one slave beaten
with a burning quirt and another having cock skinned...she would no
longer dare to protest, lest she anger her owner.

"In the back seat is a small black bag..put what you find in it on."
Merci glanced around at the road, and then obeyed...traffic was light
so far...what could be embarrassing about so small a bag. Pulling it
to the front seat she opened it and then looked at Skruffy in horror.
"Remove your clothes and put what is in there on...I am sure you can
figure out what goes where without instruction." Merci drew several
masses of chainmail from the bag. The pieces were small and not
elaborate, as she removed them she uncovered a garment of transparent
white silk. Her face turned a bright crimson as she fumbled with the
buttons of her blouse. Skruffy kept an eye on her as she undressed
slowly in the car. He was enjoying her discomfort as other drivers
streamed past them. A soft groan of embarrassment as her breast swung
free accompanied her fumbling with the first piece of silk. Little
more than a thin tapered scarf, she slide it behind her back and
brought it over her breasts to tie at the back of her neck. She could
see her dark nipples showing clearly through the cloth. She picked up
several pieces of the chain mail finally finding the one that was
apparently the top. It was grecian in form, the links forming a wide
open pattern. As she fitted it over her head and fastened it...she
could see how her nipples poked through the pattern, delineated and
defined by the mail. Nothing was left to the imagination, but at the
same time, everything was "covered".

"Hurry up mercie...or shall I pull over so you can do this in the
middle of a rest area?" Merci blanched..there would be people
there...he couldn't. Her fingers raced to unfasten her shorts. In the
confines of the car there was little room for her to edge the form
fitting shorts off, try as she might. Terrified that he would stop the
car, she raised her hips and shimmied out of them. Movement caught her
attention out of the corner of her eye and she turned her head to see
a young man grinning appreciatively at her. With a gasp she realized
that her hips were above the window level and that he could see
everything as she struggle out of the hip-huggers. It took forever to
get the shorts to where she could remove them and drop her ass back to
the cold vinyl seat, and she was acutely aware of the lewd faces that
the young man was making at her. He had apparently enjoyed the
glimpses of her shaven cunt.  Her fingers fumbled with the chain mail
peice...a heavy g-string. The metal was ice cold as it molded around
her cunt and she drew the belt up between her ass cheeks and around
her waist. The thick strap forced her ass to separate. With a long
glance at skruffy...she attached and fastened the slave bells around
her ankles and wrists. She could see the extra fasteners and wondered
what he would use them for. Silently she folded her clothing and
placed it in the back...then tried to huddle on the front
seat..effectively she was clothed but naked...everything could be seen
and the breeze from the open windows fluttered the silk beneath the
chainmail. She wondered where they were going as they drove into the
night.

NuBaby woke screaming. Her body thrashed as she darted her eyes about
the room in fear.
Nooooononononononononnomore...please....no...wait..what? Her eyes
registered the fact that she was in Tony's room...but the angle was
wrong. Slowly it dawned on her that she was chained not to the floor
or stool but the bed...clean sheets rustled beneath her as she tried
to draw her limbs together. 

She was chained in place but had really expected nothing else, and she
began to relax as much as she could on her recently self crushed tits.
Forced to lay on her belly she could feel the vulnerability wash over
her..along with the pain and taste of cum. She could barely hear the
repeating words from the tape, but her mind laspsed into the cadence
as she was forced to rest. "you love your Master, your love the pain,
you do not want to ever leave him, anything he wants you freely
do...you love your Master, you love the pain, you do not want to leave
him, anything he wants you freely do."

NuBaby jerked up with a start, not even realizing that she had fallen
asleep. what..what was that sound? Her mind
focused...footsteps...frantically she jerked at the chains holding
her, twisting her head she could see Tony and LA's looming forms just
barely. Fear washed over the girl as they separated and she could feel
them sitting on the bed on either side of her. There was nothing of
her flesh that did not hurt or burn...nothing that had not be ravaged,
raped, pierced, tormented...and she cringed into the bed. Gently Tony
began to stroke her back, calming her. "You pleased me slut..you gave
a good ride...shhhhhhhhh" NuBabys mind whirled...when would the pain
come, he never was kind to her...she was startled by the thrill that
raced over her flesh as he touched her. Trying to lift her weary head
so that she could see him, she was surprised when he gently supported
it, allowing her eyes to see the smile on his face. Her body trembled,
she had pleased him and he was gentle with her...she had tortured
herself for him, at his command, and she earned a rest...on a clean
bed. But...but...he held her prisoner..he had her achilles tendons
cut, she was crippled... he was cruel..no. She had earned that, she
had forced him to do that to her, No...she had done nothing to earn
it, ...but threaten him, fight him, steal food..but she was hungry and
scared...she had earned it. He had raped her and jammed needles into
her cunt and torn his way into her ass...and you loved it cunt...it
hurt and you loved it...you didn't need to curse him, fight him...you
always wanted someone to be rough with you and now that you found
someone...but he is holding me prisoner...he knows what he wants...and
takes it. She never realized when she began to moan or grind against
the bed.

LAGuardian watched the play of emotions on the sluts face. He could
not read the cunts thoughts but knew what they must be. He nodded to
Tony...it was beginning to work...she was questioning her own
values..actions, slowly aligning against herself with her owner. It
was time for a little more gentleness. Tony glanced at LA and agreed,
his eyes hard and cold, with Guardians help, she would soon be his, a
terrified needing toy, jumping to his every whim, but afraid to dare
even think of escape. He picked up the bowl from the floor and lifted
a spoon from it. "Eat for me cunt." NuBaby's mind recoiled along with
her stomach...she had received nothing but garbage over the past week,
even being made to root in the mud like a pig for tidbits of discarded
food. But if she disobeyed him, made him angry she would be
punished...and she would deserve it....reluctantly and obediently she
opened her mouth, afraid to find out what noxious mess he was spooning
into the raw flesh.

ROCKY ROAD ICE CREAM!!!!!!!!!! Soothing rich chocolate, tender tiny
marshmallows, morsels of roasted almonds!!!!! and so cold, so gentle
on her mouth. A Treat...she EARNED a treat!!!!! NuBaby nearly wept in
joy as she sucked spoonful after spoonful of the sweet cold cream from
the spoon. Tony scraped the last from the bowl and fed the trembling
slave. He had not thought of measuring brutality with kindness...of
keeping her so off balance that she began to beg for one treatment to
earn the other. But it was working. LAGuardian began to uncuff the
girl. It was time. She could not be permitted to rest fully yet.

Mary and Tom looked down at their own neglected slave. So much time
had been spent caring for other slaves that karen had languished
alone. Obediently she had followed her owners during their days,
serviced them as they called for it, but was finding a strange
restlessness growing in her. Mary examined the scar from the
hysterectomy and the healing rings in the girls cunt. She still could
not handle too rough an abuse, the surgical scar could open, the rings
tear and infect, but she was fit enough for play. "Karen we are going
out...you are going to get ready...on your own. Here is what you will
wear." Mary laid out what appeared to be a business outfit...karen was
confused but  crawled into her bathroom to wash herself inside and
out. It was not easy to give herself the required enema nor the
freezing douche but at last she felt she was ready to dress and meet
approval. 

The first garment to put on was a whalebone corset, she looked and saw
that it laced instead of fastening, and wondered how she was to do it
herself. Slipping it over her head, she waited for Tom or Mary to
notice that she needed help. Laughing Tom gripped the laces and began
to pull them. Karens ribs and waist slowly shrank as he tightened the
laces in order. To get the tightest tension on the laces as possible
he planted his foot on her ass and pulled finally tieing them off in a
double bow at the bottom. Karen struggled to breathe..her waist had
gone from 28" to barely 13" under the tight lacing.  As her organs
moved to accommodate the corset, her breasts bulged over the top of
the bodice. She knelt up and Tom adjusted them so that her nipples
protruded over the cups.

Karen picked up the soft sheer blouse that Mary laid out for
her..slideing it on she smoothed it carefully . She was not really
surprised to find that the decorative pockets on it were detachable
nor was the brand on her tit hidden, instead the sheerness of the
material seemed to make it stand out even more. At last came a severe
skirt in a soft gray. Karen looked at it and sighed...the front had an
overlap pleat, giving some illusion of solidity, but the back was
split and pleated. She could see that her ass could be exposed at
will. Fastening the skirt around her she picked up the matching jacket
and put it on. Thigh high stockings and matching gray heels completed
the ensemble. Dressed she waited on her knees silently. She expected
the wheelchair to be brought. 

"Stand up slut" Marys voice was neutral..."Do you want to ruin those
stockings...GET UP." Karen shook her head no...and struggled to feet
she had not used in nearly two weeks. She teetered on the 4" heels as
she tried to gain her balance. The corset was making it difficult for
her to breathe and she had never worn heels this high. She was acutely
aware of her ass being raised as she tried to stand as straight as
possible. Mary slid her hand through the front of the skirt and lifted
it, to attached a pair of jingle bells to the clit ring along with a
tag and a chain. Karen moaned softly as the tag and bells dropped
against her thighs. "If you get separated from us slut...and I KNOW
you wont." Mary tugged on the chain yanking the girls clit.."Just show
someone the tag..they will bring you home...when they are finished
with you of course." Karen shook lightly, she would not dare speak, a
new shock collar rested on her throat under the collar of the
blouse...she would have to obey...her mind cast back to the shame and
pain of servicing all of the men in the bar, she would not lose track
of her owners....

Mary smoothed down the skirt and while the girl was lost in revery set
off at a brisk walk, yanking the clit chain. With a yelp Karen hurried
to catch-up her face turning scarlet as she heard the jingling bells
bouncing against her thighs.

Tom had brought the van around and waited while his wife settled their
slut in the back. Mary forced Karens legs open as she sat on the seat
and cuffed them to the floor braces. Quickly securing the girls wrists
to the arm rests she turned to her husband. "Ok she is seat belted
in...lets go." Tom turned the van out of the driveway and headed for
his downtown office. This was going to be a good day.

It was only a matter of 45 minutes before Tom turned into a parking
garage and steered the van underground into his reserved slot. He
could have taken them into his private elevator and up to his office,
but chose instead to lead Karen along the walkway to the front of the
building. Mary and Tom set a brisk pace with Karen nearly trotting
behind them. Every step was accompanied by a jingle as the bells
bounced and danced on her rapidly moving thighs. She hurried to keep
slack between her and Miss, fearing for the chain to be pulled taut.
Her mind reeled as she spotted the huge bronze revolving
doors...surely they wouldn't ....but they did...Tom pushing through
first with Mary right on his heels...she played out the chain as Karen
leaped into the next chamber, her skirt flapping open as the chain
yanked at her clit.

Her breath came in short gasps as she was ejected from the door,
flustered she tried to straighten her outfit, as Tom greeted the front
desk man heartily. "Jerry good to see you on duty....Hows the wife?"
"Just fine Mr. Tom...And will your guest be signing in Sir?" Everyone
who entered the building had to sign in and out, and Jerry was well
aware of the rules. Karen kept her eyes on the floor as she waited.
"WELLLLLL...sign in!" Dutifully she signed the guest ledger and the
time she had entered under Tom and Mary's signatures. "We will see you
later Jerry." Karen caught a glimpse of Jerry's hand as he pulled the
ledger back towards him. It was a well made black hand, with fine
fingers. Her attention was caught by the yank on the clit ring and she
hurried to catch up. "Uh...Sir...Is there something jingling? Did you
drop some change?" Tom halted and grinned back at Jerry..."Yep and
Nope. Show him Karen." Karen panicked...show him...here...a
stranger...The yank on the chain told her they meant business. Jerry
walked over...he already knew what his boss liked in women...and how
he treated them...but best of all was the bonus times when Jerry would
be given the honor of sharing one of the sluts with his boss. He
waited...her hands shaking so badly she could barely raise the skirt,
karen pulled the flap back to reveal to the man the rings set in her
cunt, decorated with the bells and tag. "Hmmmm...looks like she is a
fine cunt Sir, May I?" His deep voice held a mocking tone. "Of course
Jerry the slut is open for anyone to feel or use...go right
ahead...spread bitch!" His fingers probed her cunt for a minute and
then lifted the tag so he could read it...bending over to block
anyone's view who might enter the building. "Ahhh she is your property
and Dr.'s of course....then she will be around for a while." He
offered his fingers to Karen to clean...her mouth sucked the juices of
her cunt off them. "Come up for lunch Jerry...I think you will find it
interesting."

Karen wanted to sink through the floor as she was lead away to the
elevators, Jerry's mocking laugh and promise ringing in her ears.   




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			56. MaMoushka

Karen stood silent behind her owners as the elevator ascended to the
top floors. Stepping off she was acutely aware of the stares that the
ringing bells were drawing from the workers on the floor as she was
led across the room to a pair of glass doors. 

The Administrative Assistant looked up as her boss entered...Helena
was a bit of an anomaly. Her black hair was drawn back severely into a
tight braid, makeup subdued, but there was a cruelty about her eyes
and mouth that reminded Karen of Tony. Impeccably dressed in a black
raw silk business suit and white blouse she appeared the epitome of
efficiency. "Welcome back Mr. Foxfire...and Dr. Foxfire...a pleasure
to see you as always." Helena's eyes appraised the silent woman behind
Tom...one eyebrow raised in Tom's direction. At his discrete nod
Helena smiled and did not wait for an introduction, her eyes looking
over the girl and mentally undressing her. A cold smile traced across
her lips.

"Helena get Harry Burns up here..I have a few toys to discuss with
him, and then bring me the contracts that you wanted a signature on. I
take it they have been through legal already?" 'Of course Sir, and I
will have those papers for you in just a moment. Would you or Dr.
Foxfire care for anything...or maybe....the cunt?" Karens heart raced
as the word dripped distastefully from the womans
lips....oh...god....she ...KNOWS. the trembling slave nearly looked
up, but remembered to keep her eyes lowered. "Heel bitch!..I will
expect Burns in 15 minutes...come in when you are ready Helena." Karen
followed her owners into the inner office. 

Karen did not get much of a chance to look around as she was guided to
the massive desk against the far wall. The impression of luxury was
there, but other than the carpet, she  did not get to see anything.
She expected, hoped that she would be sent to sit, while her Master
conducted his business...but was doomed to be disappointed. Leading
her to the front of the desk..she heard the words that she dreaded.
"Remove the clothing..leave the corset cunt."
nnnnnnnoooooooooooooooooooooooo  please....they would not do this to
her...they couldn't..."Remove it". Wanting only to sink through the
floor Karen fumbled with the clothes. Mary held out her hand, waiting
impatiently as the girl stripped and folded them carefully. "Now cunt
bend over the desk...I want your tits where I can reach them." Karen
rested her hands on the desks top...and tried to keep her body at an
angle where she would not be exposed. "Not good enough slut...spread
'em." Toms foot lashed out and kicked her legs wide apart so that the
muscles in her thighs and calves stood tight under the strain of
balancing on the heels. His hand forced her forward so that most of
her upper torso was over the desk and her cunt spread open. A flush of
shame raced over her as she realized that anyone entering would see
her ass and cunt framed by the tight whalebone corset and lace. She
became even more aware of the bells and tag hanging from the ring on
her clit and the labia rings. 

Mary smiled at Tom....perfect...picture perfect. "Honey...look at how
the sluts cunt is dripping...I think the little bitch likes being
displayed." Tom laughed at his wife's comment and fingered the girls
cunt and asshole before moving around the desk. He presented his hand
to the slave and she licked it clean, tasting herself upon it. His
fingers idled with her nipples...squeezing and twisting them as his
wife stared out of the window. Karens soft moans of pain masked the
sounds of the well oiled door opening and Helena entering. "Nice cunt
on this slut!" Karen nearly jumped out of her skin as the woman spoke.
Helena approached the desk with the papers and laid them before Tom
standing so that her dress brushed against Karens skin. Laying an open
folder on the girls back she began to place the contracts back into it
as Tom and Mary looked them over and then signed them. "Helena you
have done a wonderful job of making sure that everything has run
smoothly while I was otherwise engaged." "Thank you Sir...By the
way...how is my brother Tony doing? Not costing you too much in cunt
flesh is he?" Karens breath caught in her throat...Tony?...was her
brother?....she did not dare look up, but a wave of fear washed over
her. 

"Actually he is doing quiet well, I will remind him to call you. He
captured a slut this weekend past and has been very happy with his
toy." Mary signed the last contract and looked up..."Helena, you seem
interested...would you like the cunt to perform for you?" "i has been
a while since I last had a toy....like Tony's they all seem to break
so easily." Karen shuddered. "Be our guest dear." Helena smiled and
walked over to the closet, opening it she chose a few instruments of
"pleasure" and walked back to the cringing slave. "cunt...if you move,
if you break position, I will promise you more pain than you would
ever think possible." Karen whimpered softly. "Don't worry slut...the
office is soundproof. You will scream all i want you too" Helena
looked at the labia rings...pulling the bow on the laces she tied the
girls cunt open with them and then retied them. She picked up her
first instrument of choice....a thin split cane and stepped back to
measure her stroke. Her eyes danced madly as she slashed the first
stroke across the girls spread ass...WhiiiiiiiiiTHATACKKKK,
WhiiiiiiiiiTHATACKKKK, WhiiiiiiiiiTHATACKKKK, WhiiiiiiiiiTHATACKKKK,
WhiiiiiiiiiTHATACKKKK, Karen squealed and them screamed in pain as the
cane cut into her ass cheeks, WhiiiiiiiiiTHATACKKKK,
WhiiiiiiiiiTHATACKKKK, WhiiiiiiiiiTHATACKKKK, WhiiiiiiiiiTHATACKKKK.
The cane fell relentlessly as the girls ass bounced and struggled to
remain in place. Toms fingers dug into her tit flesh holding her
across the desk as the skin on her ass cracked and welted under the
blows.

Tossing the cane aside Helena grabbed a crop with a narrow tang and
brought it down in an overhand slice directly down the center of
Karens ass and cunt. Mary licked her lips as she watched, then reached
for the second crop that Helena had brought over. SWIIISSHCRAACCCCK,
SWIIISSHCRAACCCCK, SWIIISSHCRAACCCCK, SWIIISSHCRAACCCCK,
SWIIISSHCRAACCCCK, alternately they slashed the girls ass and cunt one
crossing as the other came down. Karen screamed and danced in
excruciating pain as her ass and cunt were cut and welted by the
crops. SWIIISSHCRAACCCCK, SWIIISSHCRAACCCCK, SWIIISSHCRAACCCCK,
SWIIISSHCRAACCCCK, SWIIISSHCRAACCCCK, SWIIISSHCRAACCCCK. Screaming in
pain the girl could stand no more...as her legs buckled under the
onslaught. Held by her tits she could not escape physically, but her
mind found escape into darkness as she slumped over the desk. Slowly
the women noticed that the slave was no longer with them. They looked
at the bloody welted ruin that was her ass and ran their fingers
through the blood. Only the brand had been avoided...the rest of her
ass and cunt showed a bright and dark red in the dim office lights.

"Ehhh..Ummm." Tom looked up to see Harry Burns standing by the closed
door. "I believe you wanted to see me Sir?" "Ahh yes Harry, have a new
toy for you to examine, improve and get ready for production." Tom
tossed the electronic leash on the unconscious girls back. "Hmmm..."
Harry turned the leash over in his hands..."Crude...but...May I Sir?"
His head nodded toward the slut across the desk. "Of course...Don't
want to waste any lab rats...attach it to the clit ring." Harry
snapped the clip in place and began to fiddle with the dial and
button. When he got no response from the lower settings he went
directly for 10. Karens mind screamed back into awareness as her body
convulsed, ripping her tits from her Masters grip and throwing her to
the floor in pain. Harry nodded and played with the dial for a bit,
noting the girls reactions...and then un-clipped it...wandering back
to his labs..already engaged in the modifications to make it
marketable. Karen lay weeping on the floor as Tom came around the desk
to join Mary and Helena.

Merci huddled in the corner of the front seat as Skruffy pulled off
the highway and maneuvered the car into one of the state parks.
Finally he pulled off of the road into a crowded parking lot. "We're
here babe." Merci looked around confused...where were they and why?
Skruffy got out of the car and opened the trunk..lifting several large
bundles from it. When the girl did not move from the car he opened the
door and pulled her from it. She could feel the cool breeze moving the
silk against her skin and the chainmail growing cooler. Skruffy loaded
several of the bundles over her shoulder and hoisting two large bundle
commanded her to follow him. Barefooted she followed him, stumbling
over the roots of trees and stones to eventually emerge into a large
fire lit clearing. Her eyes took in the colorful tents and people
moving about in medieval clothing. A REN FAIRE...Scadians!!! Oh
God....thank you...this she could deal with. Winding his way through
the pitched tents Skruffy found a clear spot and began to assemble
their tent. A couple of young men wandered over and lent a hand as
Merci waited to be relieved of her bundles. "Hey Skruffy...nice garb
on your wench." "Thanks ..got it from Strangeblades...especially for
this event. Has Shadowmaker gotten here yet?" "Yeah he's set up on the
other side of the circle...the black and red tent. Got some really
cool blades with him." "Good...he and I have something special planned
for later." Merci was afraid to find out what. She knew that
Shadowmaker and Skruffy had gotten together several times over the
past month, but he had always left her chained at home when he went
over. 

Skruffy set about laying a fire and sent her into the tent to unpack.
She laid out the sleeping furs and lantern, then unwrapped the bundle
that had been strapped to her shoulder. SWORDS!!!!!!!!! Ok ...doesn't
mean anything...it's a RenFaire after all...all the men will be
wearing them. Somehow, in the pit of her stomach...she felt doom.
Skruffy entered the tent and began to change into garb, a soft silk
poets shirt and leggings, thigh high boots and a sword completed the
outfit. Snapping a leash onto Merci's collar her grabbed the other
swords and pulled her from the tent to find his friend.

Music piped into the air...strange medieval tunes interspersed with
celtic and barbaric drumming. Merci followed Skruffy across the
clearing to the black and red tent. Her head pivoted to see all of the
strange sights...the belly dancers, young men rolling bones and
drinking...warriors in armor practicing their sword work for the next
days lists. "Hey bro...was hoping you had gotten here...sorry I'm late
but...was at the races today." "Your horse come in?" Shadowmaker
passed over a wine skin and Skruffy took a drink before
answering..."Nah...human ponies...was a pretty good race though." he
proceeded to tell Shadowmaker about the day as they shared the skin of
mead. "Well you ready?...Is this our volunteer?" Merci's head snapped
up and she looked at Skruffy puzzled. Volunteer? "Yep the bitch didn't
exactly volunteer but she will obey." "Then lets get to it." Skruffy
gathered up his swords and jerked Merci's leash. The girl eyed the
swords and looked over her shoulder to see Shadowmaker also picking up
a bundle...and planted her feet...NO WAY...NO WAY was she going."
Skruffy forced her over to him...."Listen cunt...you will obey
me...our you and my knives are going to become very intimate tonight."
Shaking Merci remembered the trip home from the party...and followed
him into the lit clearing. 

Shadowmaker walked over to the musicians while Skruffy chained the
girls ankle to a peg in the ground. She had just enough chain to move
4' in any direction.  Unwrapping his bundle, Skruffy picked up the
sharp blades and began to juggle them...getting their
balance..."WARE...LIVE STEEL!" A small crowd began to gather, taking
in the chained slave garbed on little more than a handful of chainmail
and silk. 'Mi lords and MiLadies...Gather Round...Gather Round...For
Your Amusement...An ANCIENT Dance of Danger, Desires and Brotherly
Love. At Risk The Lovely Slave in The Center...The Steel Is
LIVE!...She Will Dance To Your Delight...And Risk ALL For Her Masters
Love!!! WE PRESENT FOR YOUR EDDIFICATION AND CELEBRATION...The
MAMOUSHKA!!!!"

With a skirl of tambour and pipes the musicians began to play the
music made famous by the Addamms Family movie. Merci shook as she
watched the blades flashing in the firelight....spinning to watch
first Skruffy and then Shadowmaker juggling the sharp edged weapons.
"Dance wench or get cut." Skruffys' voice carried to her and shaking
she began to move with the music...each man watched to catch the
pattern of her movements, and the blades began to fly across the
clearing. Each sword flashed past the terrified girl, her cunt
clenched in fear as the whooooooooshed by on the right and left. She
tried to keep her circles small contained, but discovered that was no
proof against the blades. Deliberately they tossed them so that she
was forced to move and spin within the boundaries of the chain.
Flashing the 6 swords, sliced the air past her belly, ass,
breasts...her head snapping to see where the next blade was coming
from. Twice she felt a blade slice across her chain mailed breasts as
she did not move fast enough. Faster the musicians played, the girl
whirling and ducking, leaping and avoiding the flying blades...until
the crescendo. Her breath ragged and torn in fear, her body exhausted,
she dropped to the ground, only to flinch as the 6 flying swords,
THUNKED into the ground surrounding her form. One young lord tossed
Skruffy a whip and he snapped it wrapping the girls ankle and pulling
her toward him past the embedded swords. Lifting her, he kissed her
and held her. Merci shook and wept in his arms, the fear overwhelming
her as she broke down. With a bow Shadowmaker and Skruffy lifted her
and pulled the swords from the ground to the applause of the crowd.
Merci was made to smile and bow, and accept the accolades as if she
were truly a willing party to the dance and then pulled by the leash
followed the men back to Shadowmakers tent. 

Tieing the tent flap shut, ShadowMaker and Skruffy pulled the girl to
them and began tracing her body with sharp poniards as they possessed
her trembling body, her moans and cries of fear and lust mingling with
theirs as the fucked the slaves ass and cunt, feeling the true
closeness as they rubbed through the thin membrane separating them.




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

		57. Time After Time

Helena looked with disdain at the slave curled on the floor weeping in
pain. "They just don't make sluts like they used to...either that or
she is very untrained." "She is still a bit new...and we are in the
process of molding her the way we want. She is learning...SLUT, shut
up...on your back and mouth open..NOW!" Karen tried hard to stiffle
her moans and tears of pain, her stomach growing nauseous as she
rolled over on her welted ass, and opened her mouth. "Spread those
legs cunt, I want to see the very insides of that sluttish hole of
yours." Helena's tone cut through the girl like a hot knife.
Desperately, she closed her eyes and stretched her legs as wide as she
could. "She does seem trainable." Helena looked around for someway to
humiliate the girl even more, her search interrupted by the phone.
"Mr. Foxfire's Office, Helena speaking..may I help you?...Yes..Yes.."
She hit the hold button, "Sir..Jerry would like to know what you and
the Dr. would like for lunch and if the cunt needs anything." Tom
looked over at his wife..."Dear?" "Hmmmmmmmmmm How about General Tzo's
chicken from that little place around the corner...Ribs..Steamed
Dumplings and oh I don't know...uh....Hot and Sour Soup?" Helena
relayed the order to Jerry, and hung up. "He said he should make his
delivery in about 20 minutes Sir, and to tell you that he was looking
forward to lunch."

Mary smiled and pulled a large dildo from her handbag..."Here Helena I
take it you were looking for something to keep the slut busy. This
ought to do it." Helena caught the toy and tossed it onto the girls
corseted body. "Here cunt...suck it...make it nice and wet" Karen saw
little choice but to obey and she began to lick and suck on the latex
cock. Helena, unfortunately was not satisfied with the effort she was
putting into it, and leaned over to shove it forcefully down the girls
throat, choking her. Karen struggled against the relentless grip of
the corset and the dildo lodged in her throat to breathe.
Helena was apparently satisfied with the light blue the girls face
turned and yanked the dildo from her mouth, forcing it deep into the
crop cut cunt. "Next time someone orders you to suck anything
bitch..you give it proper effort." Mary's words brought a tear back to
the slaves eye, to be followed by an anguished moan as Helena fucked
the large toy deep into flesh unprepared. "Fuck yourself slut" Karens
eyes closed as she was made to display shamelessly her cunt and fuck
herself for their amusement. Over and over she plunged the toy deep
into her flesh, feeling her body respond to it. 

Tom, Mary and Helena watched as the slave performed for them, showing
the slave deep inside her. Tom pressed his fingers against his lips as
Jerry opened the office door. Karen had not even noticed the soft
knock. Quietly the Black Security Man placed the food on the desk and
watched the girl moaning and writhing on the floor before him. A smile
of lust and appreciation crossed his lips and at a nod from Tom, he
un-zipped his pants. Karens mouth was parted as she softly moaned, the
dildo plunging in and out of her cunt, and Jerry decided he would take
advantage of it. The girl in her fear of looking at her owners and
betters, kept her eyes closed, so Jerry's cock brushing against her
lips was an unseen surprise. Obediently she closed her mouth around
the cock , only to jump in surprise. Jerry's cock was uncut and the
feel was different that Tom's whose cock she had thought it was. Her
eyes flew open only to meet the dark brown eyes of the Guards.
Instantly her mistake was punished as he jerked her head hard onto his
cock forcing it deep into her throat, his weight settling on her chest
and his other hand slamming down on the dildo lodged in her cunt,
driving it and the soft tissue painfully hard into unyielding
whalebone. Karens scream of pain and terror was cut short by the cock
bulging her throat outward. Air gusted out around it in pain, and she
struggled to take another breath. Jerry drove his cock in
relentlessly, forcing it deeper and deeper into her stretched throat.
Karen thought she was going to die for her mistake, she could not
breathe...there was nothing but pain and fear, until Jerry ripped her
head off his cock and rising pulled the girl up and forced her over
the desk. 

There was no hesitation, he knew exactly what he wanted...something
his wife refused him time and again. Slamming the girl flat on the
desk he rammed his hard cock home in her ass...her screams of pain as
he ripped his way in goading him to greater cruelties. The dildo
dropped from her cunt to lay on the floor as he slammed her cunt
against the edge of the desk over and over...each time yanking her
back by her arms which he held pinned, high on her back. Karens mouth
gaped as screams of pain from the dry fuck and the mans control of her
arms, erupted from her throat...Tom watched and decided to take
advantage of the girls pain and position. Freeing his own cock he
forced it into her mouth and throat and gripped her pinned arms as
well. Each of the men took turns yanking at the girls arms, whipsawing
their cocks into her body until they plowed to a photo finish. Pulling
from the slut, they left her dressed in her tawdry finery, splayed
weeping on the desk and turned to lunch.

NuBaby was still trying to get her mind around the concept...Tony had
been nice to her...all of the pain, all of the punishment and agony
had to have been her fault...maybe if she had tried to please him,
maybe..maybe if she had not fought him or tried to steal from him...oh
god maybe it was her own fault. no...it...could not have
been...ok...she had crashed the party..entered where she was not
invited...but he was keeping her captive...he would not let her
go...but it was her fault...they had not
invited..her..BRANDY...Brandy..the last she had seen the girl was as
she filled her mouth with dog-cum....was she alive...oh god to have to
fuck that damned dog...it WAS her fault, her fault that Brandy was in
this mess...alone, unable to hear...raped by a dog...and her fault
that she was here...Tony was just giving her what she deserved for
fucking up Brandy and her own lives...she didn't even know where the
girl was anymore. Slow tears ran down NuBabys face, she had earned
what was happening to her...

Gently Tony lifted her from the bed and to the floor. His hands teased
her flesh distracting the girl from her thoughts. He could see the
exhaustion, the confusion and self re-crimination on the girls face.
"Come NuBaby...heel." Nubaby forced her weary body to follow her owner
as her and LA led her from the room. She no longer cared where he led
her...she would follow. It was time for her to disappear. 

Tony led her to the office, and set her on the desk chair. His finger
flipped the button shutting off the shock collar so she would be able
to speak. "Now my pet, you are going to let people know that you are
alright...and that you quit your job." He tossed her wallet on the
desk in front of her. She had lost it in the bushes the night she was
captured. Picking up the phone Tony looked at her and laid a written
note in front of her. "You will say what is on here...you are quitting
your job and letting them know you are ok." NuBaby tried to focus her
bleary eyes on the note. "If you ask for help...signal in anyway that
you are not happy where you are..." Tony drew a sharp knife and held
it under the girls tit. The implication was enough. He dialed the
phone and waited for the line to be picked up at the other end before
pressing the speaker button. They would hear both sides of the
conversation. 

"Hello St. George's." "Hi...um...give me Nurse Samson..head nurse on
Urology." "One moment please." "Hello...Nurse Samson...may I help
you?" "Yeah...uh...hi..Gwen...Sue here..."Sue Kim?" "Yep.." NuBaby
tried to put a smile in her voice..." I was just calling to let you
know I was not going to be returning from vacation." "Sue!! Why Not!!
Your due for your raise and you have always seemed happy here." "Well,
it's kinda hard to explain.." Nu felt the cold edge of the blade
pressing into her breast. She glanced down at the script. "Well the
truth of the matter is...I met someone...he is older and well has a
few bucks..." "Sue...oh honey I hope it works out for you...if you
ever decide to come back..." "Thanks Gwen, ...but I think it's time I
settled down..and...well..he wants to do some traveling." "Well you
take care of yourself and let me know how things are going...I will
let personnel know to deposit your last paycheck...Shit...where the
hell am I gonna find another nurse as popular with the patients." "I
know you will manage Gwen and Gwen?"...the blade pressed harder.."Um
..thanks for everything.." "No problem sweetie and good luck." Tony
hit the disconnect. "Now for mama san cunt...you did very well." 

She shivered as he stroked her back...with trembling fingers she
dialed her mothers number. "Hallo...Kim residence...who this." "Mama,
It's Su..." "Su who?" "Your daughter Mama..." "SU!!! You did not come
to visit...where are you...you ok?" "Mama everything is fine...I am
taking another job." "Another job...why you leaving hospital, I
thought you liked it there.." "Mama I did but I met a man on
vacation...he is sick and needs a private nurse...I couldn't turn down
the money." "Better you should meet a man to marry...who is this
man...why you?" "He was a patient of mine in the hospital mama, he has
money and need for a good nurse...I can save a lot." "Where this man
live...you moving?" "Yes mama, he has a yacht mama...I will be
traveling with him for a while..he wants to go places, before he
dies...I will be helping him." "Well you be careful and keep in close
touch..I no like you going all over with men you don't know. The world
is dangerous place for pretty young girl." NuBabys throat choked as
she heard her mothers ever persistent warning...oh how she wished she
had listened. "I..I will mama...and I will be careful...and I will
write you and papa....you take care..I have to run." "Ok...you write
now...." Nubaby pressed the disconnect herself this time, not wanting
her mother to hear the pain in her voice as she cried. No one would be
looking for her now.

Tony picked up the wallet and put it in his back pocket..."Very good
slut...very good..and since you have the numbers written in here..I
know where to find them. Heel" NuBaby put her feet on the floor and
started to stand only to have them collapse under her. Sobbing she
followed them from the room and into the play room. She no longer
cared what happened to her...it would hurt, she was sure of that...for
what she had done to Brandy and herself in her unthinking actions last
week...she deserved whatever happened.

Tony began to secure the girl to the wooden horse as LA began to set
up. With her limbs trussed beneath her as she lay face up, NuBaby was
soon unable to move. La pulled a strange kit from his case. Moving
over to the girl he handed it open to Tony and extracted a pair of
curved forceps, his powerful fingers forced the girls jaws open and
manipulating the forceps he gripped her tongue pulling it forward from
her mouth. The muscular organ fought back, but there was little the
girl could do to protect it. Selecting a sterile 10 gauge piercing
needle he forced it through the tough membrane and fiber. With her
tongue clamped the girl could do little save scream, as LA threaded a
thick ring through her tongue. Tears rolled down the girls face, as he
forced a damp sponge between the ends of the ring and her tongue.
Pressing it closed with a pair of pigging pliers...her handed the
forceps to Tony to control. He needed both hands free for the next
step. Picking up a pen butane torch and a small silver wire..he
braized the ring shut permanently. Releasing the forceps they watched
as the terrified girl attempted to draw her tongue back into her
mouth. As the girl struggled and found that the ring was too large to
fit comfortably in her mouth, LAGuardian proceeded to pierce and ring
her nipples, brazing the rings through the pert nubs shut as well. 

Stepping over to his case, her selected 3 small padlocks and a "Y"
chain and moved back to secure each nipple ring with lock and link.
Releasing the girl he placed her one the floor to kneel on all fours.
Confusion and pain occupied NuBabys mind. what were they doing to
her...why did they ring her tongue? She was soon to find out as  Tony
straddled her back and forced her jaws wide open. LAGuardian looped
the end of the chain through the ring and began to pull it
...slowly..inexorably NuBabys tongue lost the struggle and her tongue
was pulled so that the ring rested outside her mouth and her tits
lifted. Hooking the links with the last of the padlocks, LA, snipped
the extra chain off. The horror of her predicament raced over NuBaby's
soul as Tony released her mouth, she could not retract her tongue
without tearing at her nipples...and to ease the pain in her tits, she
had to leave her tongue protruding from her mouth. Her hands flew to
the locks trying to get them to release, trying to break the chains,
to pull the rings from her flesh...anything...anything. Laughter
greeted her ears as she struggled, there was no escape. "Well little
sureibu...do you like your jewelry? Maybe you would like one for your
cunt as well?" Frantically NuBabys head shook no...with her tongue
controlled this way she could not even think of forming words, how
would she eat, drink? Helplessly she tried to raise her head, to beg
with her eyes instead of her mouth only to find that because of the
tension on the rings...she could not. She would spend her days looking
down or rip tongue and nipples to shreds trying to look up. Tony
pulled her face to his crotch and pushed his cock inside to rub along
her tongue, without a word he began to water her...helpless some ran
from her mouth to drip down on her body, the rest filled her belly as
she wept in defeat.

DebiJean had spent the night and day with her slaves after NuBaby was
corralled. She was pleased when chuck finally woke, hungry and
thirsty. His color had returned and it seemed that the graft if not
taking was at least holding its own. With her own hands she had spoon
fed him clear broth...having set rabidchia to bathing him down. His
eyes followed his Mistress' hand as she fed him, gave him cracked ice
to suck, watched her as she moved around the room, changing his
dressing and hanging new antibiotics for the IV.  Rabidchia flushed
the catheter and changed the bag...and then lay on the floor by the
bed as her Mistress lay next to the convalescing slave. As DJ relaxed,
she talked at the slaves though not really to them. It had dawned on
her that rabidchia had not been rewarded for all the hard work she was
doing for chuck. She wondered out loud if she would be able to borrow
the rainbow vacuum from LAGuardian...she thought she could put it to
good use. "chia....go get me the TENS..." The girl scurried from the
room, a nasty suspicion in her mind as to what her Mistress had
planned.....




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

			58. Sorcerer's Apprentice


DebiJean stood as the girl entered, a look of trepidation crossing the
slaves face. She had been enjoying the brief respite from the painful
attentions of her Mistress, but knew deep in the pit of her stomach
that that rest was over. Though it had been a brief time since she had
been sewn to her fellow slave, her mons was healing and it had been
pleasant the past few days, for it not to ache so. Taking the case
from the girls hand, DJ looked at last time at the recovering slave
and led her from the room. First things first...have to borrow that
vacuum, she thought to herself as she led the way downstairs. She
sent chia to wait in the bathroom as she looked for Tony and
LAGuardian. Hearing the muffled screams and sounds of movement in the
playroom...she was not surprised to find them in there. Her eyes took
in the tableau of The two men watching the newly ringed girl kneeling
in a puddle of piss. "Ahh here you are..." confidently she strode into
the room and over to the small group. "I see you are putting the slut
on a liquid diet...", she turned to look at LA, dismissing the
miserable slave crouched on the floor. "Guardian dear...That marvelous
vacuum of yours...may I borrow it or would you be so kind as to help
me? I want to give chia a treat, the girl has been so good taking care
of chuck...she has earned it." LA laughed..."She may not think it such
a treat but of course you can use it...I would be happy to help you."
He followed her from the room, carrying the vacuum, leaving NuBaby
and Tony alone.

Chia looked around the bathroom, a worried look in her eyes. The
stainless steel table gleamed wickedly under the florescent light...so
many metal tubes and strange obejects...even a form of metal
stocks....this did not look like a guest bathroom to her, but a
torture chamber. Timidly the girl looked into the cabinets and
mirrored closet. So many different bottles...catheter packs, enema
bulbs and nozzles, needles, even esophageal tubes...oh my!!!!! The
girl grew pale as she contemplated the toys of torment...knowing how
much her Mistress enjoyed them so. She jumped as DebiJean and
LaGuardian opened the door and entered behind her.

"Chia...pet... we are going to have such a WONDERFUL time....now
quick, quick like a bunny..hop up on the table." Swallowing her fear
the girl obeyed, sitting naked on the steel table and eyeing the
vacuums with some trepidation. She had not seen it in action, but had
a feeling that it was not going to be a picnic. Dj nearly gushed as
she looked through the cabinets and drawers, selecting her instruments
of torment from the wide selection. "This...and this....OH SHIT THEY
HAVE ONE!!!! Definately....and..hmmmmm" she eyed the vacuum and then
her slave selecting several bottles from the shelves. Chia looked at
the maniacal gleam in her Mistresses eye and the equipment she was
gathering up, oh...shit....um...break for it?...uh...she looked at the
door to find LA leaning against it....SHIT....i'm in for it
now....please...god.... "LA? Could you do me a favor and secure her,
face up please. " "My Pleasure sweets." He walked over and pushed the
girl down on the cold table, beginning to strap her down. Chia
struggled, but was like a kitten before a tornado...she could not even
slow him. All to soon she found herself secured, her legs tied to
stirrups and her ass hanging over the edge of the table. She hated
this position when she went to the Dr....here she knew it only
foretold
intense pain.

DebiJean laid out her toys....this was going to be special.
Now...let's see what first? AHHHH...she picked up the esophageal tube
and broke open the sterile pack, pulling chia's head back so that her
mouth fell open naturally despite her attempts to keep it closed, she
began to work the tube gently into the girls throat. "Shhhh...don't
fight me...relax...relax...that's my girl....shhhhhhhhh...you will
like this..." Making sure that it was well seated in the girls throat,
she taped the airway in place on her face. 
Gently she began to close off the girls senses...taping her eyes shut,
pressing wax into her ears, then covering it with gauze and tape.
Chia's mind began to panic, when DJ plugged and filled her nostrils.
she's gonna suffocate me...please no...NO...MISTRESS
...NO!!!!! Panicked she drew a breath through the tube to
scream....and realized that she could breathe. Her breath rasped
through the tube as she tried to calm down and breath steadily. She
could no longer see or hear, did not know where or what her Mistress
or Guardian were doing, all she could feel was how vulnerable she
was...how open to whatever they planned. Debijean looked down at the
girl deprived of her senses....perfect. Opening her TENS case, she
pulled out the electrode pads and the special gel. A dab of the cold
gel soon decorated both outer labia, her mons, inner thighs and feet.
Chia jumped with each cold unfamiliar touch, and registered the
strange unfamiliar feel of the pads as they were pressed into play and
hooked up. Her small hands clenched and unclench in fear, straining
against the straps. 

"Guardian I loved what I saw of your machine...but may I show you a
slightly different way to use it?" Guardians eyebrow went up?
"Certainly." DebiJean knelt and began to brew a witches concoction in
the clear water chamber. A little Dr. Bonners, for
flavoring...here...my favorite soap in shavings...Camay...now...just a
hint of clove oil, and a dash of rock salt...oh don't worry most of
that will dissolve...for now." Guardian watched silently as the water
turned milky. "Now to prep her...we want the maximum pain and pleasure
sooooo...." DJ held up a nipple brush for a babys bottle. Dipping it
first into water and then the Camay, she approached the bound slave.
Pulling up a low stool she settled between the girls legs...pulling
the labia clear..she stared at the small triangular opening to the
utethra....With a twirling motion she began to force the soapy brush
into the tiny opening. Chia didn't thinks she could do it...with her
throat blocked...she had thought it impossible but she did...her
screams echoed through the tiled room as the bottle brush burned and
scraped its way into her....

Satisfied that the short opening in the girls body was abraded and as
tender as she could make it, DJ pulled the brush from it, and replaced
it with q-tips dipped in pull Dr. Bonners Peppermint soap. Guardian
did not think that the girls screams could grow more frantic...he was
wrong. Trapped with only the sense of touch, chia's mind could think
of nothing but the pain centering in her cunt.
AGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY...PLLLLLLLEAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSEEEEEEE
NNNNNOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMOOOOOOOOOOOREEEEEEEEEE. Dj looked up and
smiled....she was ready. Snapping open a catheter pack and coating the
lumin with camay, she threaded the foley into the girl and inflated it
slowly. Now she was ready. She attached the hose from the vacuum to
the catheter and got ready for the next step. Guardian was a little
surprised that she did not turn it on right away....apparently she had
more planned. DJ did. One last thing....and then...an aria of pain
would begin. 

Wrapped in the burning pain of her urethra, chia barely noticed the
 bulb being forced into her ass...Slowly DebiJean inflated
it...until it was tight and then attaching the enema hose, clamped it
off, and set the temperature for the water...hot, but not scalding.
She nodded to Guardian at the switch to the vaccuum....ready...he
flicked it and the powerful little motor hummed as it pushed the soapy
water deep into the girls bladder....Chia fought the straps as the
soapy salted water filled her full bladder to bursting, and then
reversed, DJ listened for the change in pitch as the vacuum reversed
and released the clamp on the enema tube filling the girls ass with
hot water. As the waters followed in either direction she hit the
switch
on the TENS, sending an electrical pulse through the girls cunt and
bladder. Guardian smiled....as the operetta of pain began and the girl
sang in screams of pain........

Back at the farm...Grimli and wildrose woke to the sounds of movement
in the wee hours....oh god...it ain't even light out. Grimli tried to
snuggle back into the hay, only to hear his stall open and feel the
cut of a quirt across his ass. Angry, he lunged upwards to rip the
whip from whoever's hands held it...only to the cracked across the
cock driving him back to his knees. Drawing a deep breath he glared up
at GeneK..."Don't even try it...I've handled larger and feistier than
you boy." Grimli went for it anyway...he knew that if he could get the
whip away...they would be equal...the quirt snapped out again and
again as the slave struggled to reach it only to be snubbed up short
by the shackles. Wildrose peeked over the separating wall between them
and watched with horrified eyes....OH GOD ...Miss was going to be
FURIOUS!!!" Again and again Gene drove Grimli back to his knees...the
quirt lashing out in sharp cutting bites...Gene kept the slave off
balance and unable to attack as he moved around to reach the reins
securing Grimli's bitted mouth, he pulled up the slack on
them...forcing the young man to the stalls wall and secured them out
of reach. Though the slave had been calm and co-operative
yesterday...today he seemed more like an angry bull...this would take
some work before he became the tractable slave and pony that Eisanna
wanted. Forcefully he manacled the slaves wrists behind him and left
him standing there. Leaving him to contemplate his position and calm
down, Gene set about grooming and mucking out the stalls of his mare
lizette and wildrose....feeding and watering them as he cleaned.
Grimli watched...a gleam of rebellion in his eyes.

Leading the two mares outside Gene began to saddle them for the
day....it would be a day of training, with Wildrose learning to step
high in a trot, pacing lizette on the track.  He led them over to the
track, and hitched them as he began to assemble the mechanical
training arm. It would move them around the track at a steady
pace...and allow him to turn his attentions to the rebellious slave
inside....setting the pacer at an easy 5 miles an hour he set the
mares to trotting around the ring...Wildrose trying to match the lift
and step of lizette as she was pulled along. Gene turned back to the
barn....

Merci woke as she heard the camp stiring...every bone and muscle in
her body ached, Skruffy and Shadowmaker had spent much of the night
drinking and using every opening she had. She could still taste the
cum, and it felt as if her asshole would never shut tight again...she
was not sure that she wanted it to. Lazily Skruffy rolled over and
gripped her tit tight..."Good morning slave....I think we have enough
time to get you cleaned up before..the tourist arrive." Merci tried to
reach for a fur throw to pull around her...but Skruffy stood up and
pulled at her leash before she could reach it. her hands clasped
around the leash as he pulled her from the tent naked. Pulling her to
her feet he led her down to the lake..."In wench!" Merci looked at the
obviously cold clear water and then back at her Master in
horror....she was naked as the day she was born and there were people
watching.... Skruffy wasted no time...he wanted breakfast and to get
set up for later...he picked her up and tossed her in. Merci came up
sputtering...water reeds tangled loosely in her hair. With a sigh of
resignation she began to bath, exiting the water to walk dripping
behind her Master, back to Shadowmakers tent. 

Shadowmaker was up and already making breakfast when they approached,
his eyes dancing over the girls body. Skruffy stopped next to the man
and accepted a cup of coffee, Merci's eyes following every sip with
envy only to gasp as Shadowmaker gripped his strong fingers into her
ass and cunt and pulled her down by them for a kiss. Releasing her, he
laughed as Skruffy released her leash with order for her to get
dressed. Merci blushed and ran into the tent....she was happy to put
something on...even if it were nothing more than the chain mail top,
silk and g-string. Finally she exited the tent, to be met by a
wonderful cup of hot coffee. The men breakfasted, feeding small
tidbits of it to the girl as they relaxed. "Well sweets you get to
relax all day while we sell swords and deal with the tourist...I know
you will like that after last nights performance." Merci could hardly
believe her ears...reast...relax...god how she could use that....she
smiled softly as Skruffy secured her leash to a tent peg. She lay down
in the cool early morning light and watched as the men gathered up
gear and took it to the main festival area. 

Merci woke with a start as Skruffy pulled gently on her
leash..."Come...I want you to relax closer to me and enjoy the Faire."
Scrambling to her feet she eagerly followed her Master back to the
main area. She could see Shadowmaker standing under an awning, his
wares glistening in the light. The tourist seemed heavy for this hour
of the morning, but she knew they liked to come early or late to avoid
the worst of the heat. Her eye was caught by a large wheel with
colorful stripes painted on it..standing to the side of Shadowmakers
area...casually she figured it was just a game for the tourist, and
continued to look about as she was led. She had expected to be led
behind the table and was puzzled when Skruffy led her instead to the
wheel. Shadowmaker walked up behind her as it began to dawn on her
that all was not innocent. The girl fought the mens strength as they
gripped her and lifted her onto the wheel strapping her wrists and
legs to the boards. It was an evil grin they shared as they laid
styrofoam pie plates and cans of shaving cream out on a table they
dragged before her. She had just a moment to read the sign they set up
on the table and groaned....rest he had said...yeah right.....
3 Pies for a Dollar....Nail the Spinning Barbarian Wench Win A
Prize...some how she just KNEW it was going to be a loooooooooooooong
day at the faire.

 A muscular young man stepped up to the table with 4 friends and laid
his money down...He eyed the slave as Skruffy set the wheel to
spinning..by the way he hefted the pie...she knew he wouldn't miss...




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

59. Somewhere Over the Rainbow

Skruffy and Shadowmaker had made money hand over fist, the wheel of
Merci seemingly becoming a rapidly popular game. Dizzy from a day of
circling endlessly, the slave was covered from head to foot in shaving
cream. They had stopped several times to toss buckets of water over
her spread eagled body, but the people still lined up 3 deep as the
Faire wound into the evening hours. Merci was grateful that they had
at least placed purchases for her hands and feet, to have hung so long
as the wheel circled would have been more than she could have
physically withstood. It was a very disheartened slave that was lifted
from the wheel, as the tourists sighed disappointed that they would
not have a chance to throw. Shadowmaker was happy....he had made money
hand over fist, giving away smaller knives as prizes to those who had
nailed the slave in the pertinent areas...and selling even more to
people waiting for their turn. Even several of his swords had sold at
premium prices. Cleaning up the slave and massaging her aching limbs,
they decided that this time...for a while she would actually get a
chance to rest. To the tourists...it seemed that they manacled her and
led her away in chains as part of the show...but Skruffy, Shadowmaker
and Merci knew the truth...she was slave and had no say in her
treatment. 

Grimli fumed in the barn...his face held to the wall by the bridle,
his powerful shoulders pulling at the cuffs holding his hands captive
behind him. His foul mood had not passed, in fact had grown...to be
treated as a dumb beast, rankled his spirit. Gene entered and stood
watching the young man as he fought his bonds. Eisanna had her hands
full with this one...it seemed that co-operation was given only when
he had no choice. Gene shook his head, drastic measures seemed called
for, if the slave was to be trained, then he would first have to learn
who was boss. Gene thought about it...this was no a slave to be cowed
into submission, he would not be easily broken, but would continue to
stand proud and defiant, under the worst beating. But maybe.....just
maybe..., he turned and moved into the tack room to search for a few
small items. Eisanna wandered into the barn, a cup of hot coffee in
her hands. She had seen wildrose and lizette exercising on the track
but had not seen Grimli. Wondering if the slave had pulled up lame
this morning she had wandered to the barn to check on him. Her eyes
hooded angrily as she saw him pinned to the wall by the bridle and
chained. She could see the anger and fight in the slave, fight that
she thought she had broken out of him with the ball vise. "Gene? are
you in here?" Grimli heard the sound of his Mistresses voice and
fought to turn his head and glare at her. Eisanna wasted no time but
dropped her coffee cup and entered the stall quickly, grabbing his
hair to try to force his head back around. The muscles strained in his
bullish neck as he struggled against the pain and pressure. "Eisanna
just a second, we have a small rebellion on our hands...be right with
you...ahh...here it is." Gene exited the tack room with a long black
come along grip for a bull in his hands..."This should do it." With a
bit of difficulty he forced Grimlis' head back and inserted the grip
into the slaves nostrils, quickly he shut them tight, locking the
handles in place. Grimlis' scream of pain was ignored as he handed the
vise to Eisanna..."One sec and we can lead him out...we're going to
work this rebellion out of him today if it kills him." Feeling the
plier like grip in his nose, Grimli began to wonder if it would. Gene
knelt to fit as heavy metal device about Grimlis balls and cock, the
cold metal pulling at the sensitive organs, but more frighteningly,
thousands of sharp teeth pricked at the tender organs. Affixing
hobbles and chaining them to the cuff, gene finally slipped the bridle
from the rebellious slaves mouth. Grimli started to come off the
stalls wall like a house afire. ready to fight for his freedom, only
to be brought to his knees as his Mistress' dainty hand twisted the
come along. He had no choice but to follow them out quietly into the
yard. 

EvilKath had problems....major ones....she looked down at the notice
in her hand...$5,000.00 by end of day...or she lost everything.
Damn..keeping up with her friends was expensive...and she had let a
few things go to long, worse. she had lost several lucrative
clients..and now IRS was demanding immediate payment. She could put
everyone else off, but they, hell IRS could do what the hell they
wanted..and it would take too long to get an injunction to stop it.
She looked at Lovelyldy standing quietly in her stall. Where could she
get a loan...what could she sell? Nearly everything she owned was
under finance. She eyed the ponygirl speculatively. The money if she
had won the last race would have, if not staved the wolves from the
door at least placated them giving her some time...but now. There was
no hope for it...she would have to ask the Foxfire's for a loan. She
turned to go back into the house and call. Lovelyldy watched her
Mistress...she could see that something was bothering her, knew that
it had something to do with the paper that had been tacked to the
door, when they got home. But EK would tell her nothing...she would
not worry the pony slave with things she could not help with. A slave
needed to have confidence in their owner, in all areas...and this
would have done nothing to bolster than trust in her Owners
competence. Halfway to the house EvilKath stopped again to think...I
could call... but it would be easier to say no on the phone...maybe a
personal visit would be better. It would be embarrassing,
but...well...she really had little choice. Turning she moved back to
the stable to harness lovelyldy up and load her into the car. She
would not leave her in the stall alone to be discovered by the IRS
men. Lovelyldy lay on the back seat, her mouth easing and playing with
the bit as she reclined below visual levels. EvilKath said little on
the journey, only played a tape of her favorite music. 

Jessann watched Bear from her lowered lashes...he had been in an
exuberant mood all day as he packed up their things. She had felt the
turning point in their relationship...and was not sure that she was
ready for it....sure he had humiliated her, teased and tormented her,
but she barely knew the Bear who was moving about the room. He spoke
of keeping her, of exploring and expanding her limits, of sharing her
and enslaving her completely. She had entered this relationship
willingly, timidly, having fantasized for years about what it could
be, but had found that she shrank from making a final commitment to
it, to releasing all power to him. She knew how wet it made her to
think of his hands forcing her, correcting and controlling her...had
watched slaves whipped and tortured, seen them cum..in pain...and knew
how much it made her blood boil...how much she envied their knowing
where and to whom they belonged in life...but... Her eyes followed
Bear, his hairy hulking form moving gracefully, powerfully about the
room....was she ready? Could she give that permission to him, or would
he...(a shiver of fear and delight at the forbidding thought) take it
from her. She did not know...more. she did not know which she would
prefer.

Rabidchia had reached her limits...and beyond, a limp rag, there was
nothing left to give her Mistress...her body nearly numb from the pain
and from cumming. Lost in the world of pure sensation she had screamed
her pain, and her pleasure for her Mistress... DebiJean looked down at
the slave as she disconnected her from the toys. She could see that
chia was trembling on the edge, had absorbed more pain in the past
hour than she ever had...now was a time for the slave to rest and
bond...now was a time for her to find the dependence on her owner and
the comfort in her arms that she needed. Undoing the straps she left
the girl with her head still taped, still blind and deaf...her very
breathing the only thing she could hear and pulled her to the floor
beside her. Finding herself in her Mistress' arms chia burrowed
in..holding on for dear life as the pain washed through her mind and
body. This was the reward she lived for, to give her Mistress
everything, and to know that she was loved...that was bliss.
LAGuardian watched for a moment as he cleaned and packed up the
rainbow vacuum. This was a private moment, the surrender of a
slave..he would leave them alone. He exited the room closing the door
quietly behind him...he could hear the sounds of pain still coming
from the playroom, Tony and NuBaby were still at it...should he join
them? Maybe a drink first....he moved toward the living room and the
bar, when the doorbells' ringing brought him up short. Putting down
the vacuum he advanced on the door. Peeking through he saw two
women...ok...not cops...one dressed solely in harness. Hmmmmmmm...must
be friends...Opening the door he filled it with his presence...looking
down at the woman standing there and the obvious slave standing behind
her. His eyes were transfixed by the vision of loveliness standing and
playing with the bit in her mouth. This was a prize indeed... his eyes
swept over her  heavy breasts so perfect for torture, the full mons
bisected by the harness straps...the gentle curve of the hour glass
waist...slowly he pulled his eyes from the vision. "Hello may I help
you?" "Uh...yeah...uh...Hi..I'm EvilKath...is ...are the Foxfires'
home?" "Not right now but you are welcome to come in and wait...they
decided to go check on the office today...Come on in I was just about
to make myself a drink." EvilKath looked up at the man looming in the
doorway....gotta  admit..he has presence. She could feel the waves of
authority and menace coming off of him. Lovelyldy was not immune
either...she found that she could not look him in the eye...though her
Miss had never taught her to avoid staring or looking at Doms. She
found that her eyes skittered from him, wanted to look no higher than
his hands. His soft voice raced through her flesh and she found to her
surprise that she had grown wet just hearing it. She followed her Miss
quietly into the house, her flesh flushing as she brushed accidentally
against him. Here was a man who made her want to go to her
knees....and he had not even said one word to her. EvilKath led the
way to the living room and fixed LA and herself a drink, with little
thought dropping into one of the overstuffed leather chair and pulling
her pony to kneel beside her. She contemplated the paper in her
hand... LAGuardian studied the ponygirl....the beauty in her face, the
gentle curve of her back to her ass that just begged for the touch of
the whip, the mouth parted to grip the bit. This was a slave he could
covet. EvilKath was not unaware of the effect her slave was having on
LA...nor was she blind to the covert glances that the pony tossed his
way. Hmmmmmm this could work to her advantage...though she was fond of
the ponygirl..it was not an undying love. Maybe? "Do you have any idea
how long they will be? I am hoping that they may have some interest in
my beauty here..." Guardian looked up from his drink..."You are
selling her?" "Um ...I am thinking about it, I am tired of the pony
game and well ..." EvilKath looked at the man... "I do want her to
have a good home...after they have been 24/7 slaves. you can't just
turn them loose to fend for themselves." "I might be in the market for
a new slave, what are you asking for her?" EvilKath thought for a
moment..."$8,000 including equipment." Lovelyldy looked up at her Miss
in shock...selling her? Was she truly so angry at her having lost the
race? LA stood up and walked over to where the slave knelt...Pulling
her up by the bridle, he began to examine her flesh closely, he could
see the welts where she had been whipped , feel the taut muscles
beneath the soft flesh. This was a pony that had been worked and run
hard...she was in good shape. Lovely trembled as his hands explored
her flesh... it had been a long time since...well since a man had
touched her. She blushed as his fingers probed the wetness between her
legs, feeling the heat in her loins. "$3,000 and I don't need the
equipment." He and EvilKath set down to dicker...lovelyldy's fate
resting in their agreeing on a price. 

NuBaby was in tears, she had been hurt, tormented, and now
pierced...with the locks in place she was totally dependant upon Tony
for her food, for drink...under his coercion she had severed ties with
her parents, her job...there was no one to look for her...and worse
she had no idea what was happening to her friend by now. It was a
scared and broken slave that clung to her owners legs...all she could
think was that she had earned this hell in her arrogance, her
foolishness...and now she was deep in it. Tony smiled down at the
slave...he did not think that he would have any more trouble with
her...but he wanted to test her further. Pulling his leg from her
grip...he walked over to a cabinet and drew out a case of
needles...."NuBaby heel slut." Weeping the slave crawled to him
dragging her useless feet behind her..."Amuse me cunt..." He tossed
the case of needles to her...with trembling hands she opened it to
stare at the gleaming instruments of healing and horror. Tony tossed a
packet of cut candle wicks on the floor in front of her and a bic
lighter. NuBaby could not look up without yanking the freshly pierced
nipples, but she could feel his eyes boring into her. Shaking she tied
a wick to each of the needles and looked down at flesh she had worn so
proudly for years. Reveled in since the first boy came sniffing after
her like a hound. With eyes closed against the pain she forced each
needle into and through her flesh, decorating her own tender
tantalizing skin with the primed needles...covering thighs mons, belly
and tits. Tony waited. Accompanied by a sob of despair, Nubaby picked
up the lighter and began to ignite the 50 wicks...her screams as they
slowly heated the needles to burn hot in her flesh echoing through the
house.  Tony was satisfied...she was his slave, and would scream in
pain for many days to come.

Brandy had settled into a routine...one that she found more
comfortable than her life before. Each morning she crawled beside
Glen, using the yard for a bathroom, sandwiched between her two
lovers. Breakfast over she would watch as Glen readied for work, her
eyes tracking him as he talked to her and Bruno. He would not leave
her un-chained during the day, but it was long enough for her to go
through the doggy door into the garage and return. She watched the
door to the outside world, but found that she had little interest in
it...what went on beyond that door...was interesting, but did not have
anything to do with her any more. Her days were spent playing with
Bruno...often servicing the dog under her own initiative. There were
times that Adam would bring Marilee over...opening the door with a key
and allowing the two women to play and socialize. Curiously Brandy no
longer saw the horror in the surgical alterations of the woman, and
found deep inside her some envy. Marilee did not have to crawl
awkwardly, but moved easily upon the pads of her knees. She never
seemed to get caught as she backed up, trying to move extra leg out of
the way. There were times they watched TV together...others that they
romped with Bruno and Adam in the yard, but always..no matter what the
day had brought...she found herself eagerly greeting Glen as he came
home. Leaping up on him, her knees firmly planted on the ground to
enjoy his soft greeting, his precious touch. Adam and Marilee had come
over for the evening, the girls sharing a bowl filled with human food,
their owners stroking and playing with their flesh as they ate. Glen
had noted the introspective looks on Brandy's face...wondered if she
grew restless and bored with his company. He had not told Brandy that
he had been learning Amerslan, having a tutor come to the shop and
teach him during quiet hours...but for the first time he felt
confident that he would be able to speak to her. He had a question to
ask her...and was puzzled at his own timidness about asking her. It
was too soon in their relationship...she was not going anywhere...why
ask...why open yourself up like this? He didn't know...but felt that
it was the right thing, the thing he wanted to ask most in the world.
Adam already knew..what the question would be...he was there to lend
support. They retired to the living room to relax. Gently Glen pulled
Brandy tohim..making her kneel at his feet. Lifting her face up, he
stroked the soft hair of his pet. Brandy's eyes searched his
face...she knew that Glen was nervous...had not been himself this
evening...and she was scared...was he going to send her away? Her eyes
opened in Shock as he began to sign to her...his fingers hesitating as
he put the words together. She looked at his mouth which was saying
the words as he signed. "Marry me." Time stood still for the
girl...these were words she had long for all her life, despaired of
ever reading on anyone's' hands or lips. Now, the man who held her
captive, who had forced her to fuck and suck his dog and him...who
owned her completely had said them. Glen waited his heart in his
throat...he should not have asked...he had taken the girl from her
life, enslaved her... and come in a few short days to see the beauty
and love within her...to love her. Brandy looked at Glen, then Adam
and Marilee...they each had a smile on their faces as they waited for
her answer along with Glen. With trembling fingers.. Brandy signed
back....Yes...if you will cut me." Glen's heart
leaped...YES...YES...YES!!!!..but what did she sign after? Brandy
could see the joy and puzzlement on his face. She had a chance to take
it back...to remain whole...he had not understood....No...In For A
Penny in For a Pound....She would be as he preferred her...wife and
bitch... She sat and curled her legs out in front...pantomiming a saw
across her legs at the knees..she again signed "Cut me..."Tears ran
from Glens face as he pulled the girl into his arms and carried her to
their room...His lips covered her face and breasts with kisses as he
nodded yes....He had his bitch and she would be as he wanted her. by
her own volition. Adam and Marilee shut the door behind them.

Tom and Mary had put Karen through hell. Over and over she had been
made to service Helena, and Harry Burns when he returned. Jerry had
returned to duty after lunch but had promised to see the girl later.
Karen was confused...surely they would be going home soon. She reeked
of cum, it was dried on her cunt, her ass, and her throat had been
filled with it and piss. It was with gratitude that she had been
allowed to rest laying splayed open on the rug as workers (in the
know) had wandered in and out with papers to be signed. They waited
until the last of the workers had left the floor...the work day done
at last. Karen prayed they would be going home, and looked forward to
it. "Slut heel" She looked up...it had been the hardest day for
her...to be displayed like that before people who might have been
co-workers. She started to rise to her feet and was dismayed when Tom
and Mary forced her back to her knees. Tiredly she crawled after them,
following through the silent office as they lecher to the research lab
on another floor. Curiously she looked around at the lab. She had
heard the security locks opening and shutting behind her...and knew
there was no escape. Her eyes took in all of the equipment as she was
led into the room. Tom unlaced the corset...she would not need it
here. Karen took her first deep breath since it had been cinched tight
about her. Dizzy she tried to take shallow breaths...deeper than they
had been in the corset, but not yet full ones. Mary led her to a
shower closet in the corner..."Clean up bitch." Karen entered the
tiled stall and began to wash as best she could in the tiny
area...forcing the soap into her cunt and ass to clean them out as
well. She forced handfuls of theater into her ass and cunt to remove
the soap...she knew they would punish her if she did not do a good
job. Finally she felt that she was as clean as she would get and
knocked timidly on the stall door to beet out. The door opened....and
she crawled from the stall to pull up short...there were more feet in
the room than Mary, Toms and Harry Burns....her eyes took them
in...female and male...black and white....OH GOD...NOooooooooo...there
were eight pairs of feet...Hands gripped her naked dripping flesh,
forcing their way into her ass and cunt, lifting her by them and the
tender orbs of her heavy breasts...to drop her face down on a metal
frame and secure her ankles, wrists and waist. Terrified she faced the
floor, her body helpless and fully spread open.....she feared what her
fate was to be as a hand gripped her hair and forced her mouth onto
Jerry's black uncut cock....Her night had just begun.......... 




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

60. Ball and Chain

Karen shuddered as the Security Man took possession of her
throat...splayed open she was defenseless against any predation, any
torment the group in the room wished to visit on her. Her stomach
lurched sickeningly as the frame was rotated and adjusted so that her
head was forced down onto the man's cock and her ass and cunt tilted
upwards at a 30 degree angle. It was all she could do to keep from
strangling on the cock forcing it's way into her throat..much less
scream as she felt the rings in her labia pulled wide and attached
tithe frame. She could feel her already bruised cunt gape open and
feared for the tender inner flesh. Helena and Harry studied the cunt
before them, as Mary and Tom wandered the research lab, discovering
the torture toys Harry had been working on. Harry's twisted smile
chilled even Helena's hard heart...it was not often that he had
a...lab rat to experiment on. He bustled about gathering up
instruments to measure every reaction to the pain he would soon give
the girl. His sure fingers attached the electrodes forth eeg and ekg,
strapped a pressure cuff around her arm and set it to cycle...soon her
flesh was dotted with the little pads of measurement...even one
strapped to her mons. The wires dripped from the girls body trembling
slightly under the force of Jerry's thrusts." Yes...Yes...first we get
the readings...um.....ok... ok...excited but well within the norm..."
his fingers flew over the dials as strips of recording paper began to
fall into the trays below. He looked up at the gathering..."um...a
little mild pain..please...I need to get the parameters." Mary
shrugged and pulled out a cat of nine approaching the girl....She
began to lightly whip the girls back.. stinging but not cutting into
it with any force. Harry watched the tracings..."Harder please...she
is barely noticing that." Mary grinned and began to put her back into
it...Karen screamed around the cock as her back blazed in
pain...."Ahhh much better...now we are getting a reaction." He
scurried over to a lab table and came back muttering, with an
instrument in his hands...."almost forgot about vaginal
pressures....damn...where is my mind." There was no gentleness to his
thrust of the instrument into the girls cunt. The instrument,
basically a pressure bulb with an outside reading was lodged deep into
her flesh.. it would not be in the way of anything done, but would
give him an idea of the contractions. "Now we can set to work."
Dr.Foxfire...if you would?" He indicated the girls cunt...."My
pleasure." Mary moved around the machines and laid the cat into flesh
already welted. Karen lunged forward under the impetus of pain, only
to choke and gag as Jerry thrust forward swelling and released his cum
deep into the girls throat. She could feel the cum bursting from her
mouth and nose  as her cunt screamed at her that she was crazy for
getting into this in the first place and who the hell put her brain in
charge!!! Mary continued to lash the swollen cunt as Harry exclaimed
over the readings, dashing from one machine to
another..."ok...enough....oh she is beautiful...these readings are
phenomenal!!" Mary reluctantly stopped, as Harry came forward with a
speculum covered in a thick rubber balloon in his hands...checking the
girls cunt.. he then forced the speculum into her ass, ignoring the
swallowed scream of pain as it entered dry as a bone..to be opened to
its maximum capacity. "I want to take impressions of her ass and
cunt.. you don't mind ...it will hurt quite a bit.  .but" "Not at
all." The smirk on Mary's' face as she watched the little man pick up
a bowl of warm still liquid wax only top our it slowly into the
speculums neck. Karen screamed and shook as the wax threaded the
balloon around the curves of her intestines, the heat required to keep
the wax flowing transferring painfully into areas untouched. She
barely noticed as the instrument was pulled from her cunt and another
balloon was forced into it, to have it filled through a funnel.
Harry's' attention was caught by the lines of ink on the tracer
paper..."Hmmm...that does seemed to have hurt a bit...Howell...nothing
to do but wait."

Grimli was truly caught...controlled by the merest twitch of his
Mistress' hand as the come along twitch brought him to his knees in
pain. Gene lost no time in securing the rebellious slave to a hitching
post, his body spread eagled between the upright bars, the small of
his back against the cross piece. "Eisanna...it is up to you...we can
leave him to continue to rebel...or we can put controls on him now
that will make him as tractable as a lamb." Eisanna studied the body
of the slave as it strained against the bonds. "I would have preferred
to gentle him...and for the most part he is ...almost well
behaved...but this way? Every now and then he fights me...makes me
hurt him to control him...he is supposed to be sold, but as a matched
pair with Wildrose...this way.. who would want him? Do what you think
is right." Gene nodded and turned back towards the barn...there were a
few things he would need. Grimli looked at his Mistress with eyes of
storm gray..."Please Mistress...I will not fight...not anymore...I
was..just." "TUT!! No Excuses...this has happened too often...whatever
Gene has in mind...will be done. No More!" Grimli sighed and tried to
look over his shoulder...he did not know what Gene had planned but was
afraid...it would NOT be to his liking.

DebiJean led radicchio from the bathroom, she was not ready to release
the girl from her sensory depravation yet. Holding on to her Mistress
tightly..chia stumbled and followed her..trusting her to guide her.
Debijean led her back up to their room, the girl stumbling as she
climbed the stairs blindly. miscounting and double stepping on the
landing. Carefully DJ maneuvered the girl to the bed and lowered her
onto it. The girl felt the softness of the bed beneath her and sighed
heavily through the esophageal tube. DJ pulled the girls legs open
again and secured them to the bottom posts of the bed. Chia couldn't
help it...she shook and tried to bring her legs together again to
protect the inflamed flesh between her legs...tears soaked the gauze
pads under the tape as her fear overwhelmed her. DJ smiled as she
pulled a special toy from the bag....she turned it on, listening to
the heavy buzz, that chia could not hear... Gently she laid on the bed
between the girls legs and applied the toy to her slaves cunt. Chia
nearly pulled from the bonds in surprise...this was not pain, this was
not torment...this was HEAVEN!!! DJ smiled as the soft rabbit fur
covered vibrator played over the girls cunt....

All pain and no joy............NuBaby collapsed at her owners
feet...there was nothing left in the girl...she was wrung completely
dry. Tony sat on the floor and pulled the girl into his arms...pulling
the needles from the scorched flesh. There was no fight left in the
girl...she lay quietly in his arms, her tongue protruding from her
mouth in an effort not to pull on her nipples. "Now you have learned
little sureibu...now you see that fighting me only gains more
pain...pleasing me...too means pain...but not that will kill you." He
stroked the head of the exhausted and cowed slave. He was growing fond
of her, of her fighting spirit, of her sweet pain...it was not
something that he was used to. Gently he picked his cunt up and
carried her to his bed...she would rest...and then she would learn her
duties...he had something special planned for her. NuBaby slept in her
owners arms...her dreams colored by the pain she bore...as one arm
draped over Tony's chest. 

God this man was infuriating!!!!!! EvilKath fumed as LAGuardian slowly
but certainly bargained her down...well maybe I can sell the equipment
second hand...maybe Gene or EisAnna will want it. LA was silent..he
had made his last bid, $5,000, take it or leave it. Lovelyldy was
indignant...to be sold...and sold for so little...was the $8,000 EK
had asked so much to ask for one such as she..a race winner her first
time out? She was worth $10,000 if she was worth a dime. She glanced
up from beneath her lashes...she could tell nothing...did he want her
or not...GOD the man could make a fortune playing poker with that
look. Damn if I had any money I would lend it to him. She did not
understand why she was drawn to the man...what about him reached into
her very core and made her want to cum when he looked at
her...but......EvilKath looked at the man sullenly...at least it was
enough to get IRS off her back...the other bills would just have to go
begging." Fine she is yours! Cash on delivery...when do you want her
and where?" "Here and now fair lady." LAGuardian stood up and reached
into his back pocket. EvilKaths' face turned red as he pulled a sheaf
of bills from his wallet and casually peeled off 3 one thousand dollar
bills and 4 five hundreds. The roll she was looking at could have
choked a real horse. "I always carry enough to buy what strikes my
fancy." LAGuardian smiled as he slipped the wallet back into his
pocket and held the bills out to EK. "Oh by the way....the next time
you sell a slave? Be smart..don't let the buyer see how much you
need." EvilKath looked down at the paper clenched in her hand...the
amount due visible from an arms length away. "Damn you!!!! Here take
the slave she's yours...and I hope she gives you all the pleasure you
paid for." Somehow lovelyldy did not get the feeling that her
ex-mistress really meant that, especially as she jerked the reins as
she thrust them towards LA. A cry of pain escaped her lips as her
mouth exploded into pain. "Excuse me." LAGuardian drew himself to his
full height and stared down at the angry woman, "That seems to be my
property you are hurting" His voice was dangerously soft. EvilKath
startled, looked at the man and handing him the reins stormed from the
room. LA pulled the girl to him and removed the bit from her mouth. He
looked at the sharp sides of the bit and tossed it to a corner of the
room, his hand returning to caress the girls face...."We won't need
that anymore...I have other plans for you." Lovelyldy looked at the
man who now owned her...and wondered..

.Jessann had followed Bear from the hour to his car. Skittish she
danced back and forth in her mind...what was he planning...was she
ready? Bear said nothing as he loaded the car and then placed his
slave inside...his bearded face calm and serene as he started the
motor. The trip back to his house was silent...jessann afraid to
speak, to question, bear contemplative. Every now and then she would
catch him glancing at her..appraising her. She was not sure whether he
found her wanting or not. Pulling into his driveway and parking Bear
began unloading...still he said nothing...jessann waiting in the car.
Finally he turned and beckoned to her. With her heart in the throat
she approached her taciturn Master. Silent still he led her into the
house. As the door shut behind her, jessann immediately removed her
street clothes..they were forbidden here. Bear turned to her and ran
his hands over her flesh...probing and teasing it into the hunger he
knew was inside her....slowly her fears took a back seat to the
feelings he engendered...drew from her no matter her mood. His eyes
took her measure, the responsiveness of her, the sweet swelling of her
mons, the parting of her lips as she drew air and moaned. Yes...she
was ready...she had seen and not run, watched and accepted. she would
be enslaved. He lifted her in his arms and carried her silently into
his back room....it was time.....

Brandy lay quietly beside her Master and fianc�...her eyes watching
the morning sun rising through the blinds. It had been a special
night...one of love making...of sweet caresses...of tenderness. Even
Bruno seemed to recognize that it was special. .he had not been at her
at all. Her eyes turned to the legs she was willing to give up for
this man. She did not understand it...already...she
was...challenged...could not hear or speak...and now she was willing
to give up ever walking to belong to someone. Glen shifted and opened
his eyes...to lean over and kiss her. His hands explored her body...a
body and person who had reached through his lonely shell and made him
desire. His hand stopped at her knee...Maybe he had dreamed it...maybe
it was delusion...he looked at her. Trembling Brandy nodded...she
didn't understand it...but she had meant it. Glen smiled and shifted
to take her dainty foot in his hand...gently he kissed it..his mouth
tasting the flesh that would soon be leaving her. Slowly he worked his
way up her body, kissing each precious inch of her. Brandy moaned
softly as he worked his way between her thighs...his kisses were
magic...her thighs trembling fell open as he began to explore her
cunt, teasing her clit. Tiny fists gripped the sheets as he brought
her soooo close...melted her....his hands reached and drew her up to
him, moving her so that she was on her knees presented to him. Brandy
did not care..it was a position she was learning to love, and she
dropped her chest to the bed so that her ass and cunt rode higher. She
was open and ready for him as he sank into her soft walls...possessing
the cunt of the woman he was to marry. With each stroke they grew
closer to cumming, entwined in each other, and lost in
sensation.......Bruno watched..............




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

61. Bad Moon Rising

Grimli warily eyed Gene as he returned...he didn't like the look of
the tray in the mans hands or the determined glint in his eyes.
Eisanna watched curiously as Gene casually sat on the ground and
lifted the slaves scrotum. There was nothing sexual in his
manipulation of the tender orbs..he could have been handling the balls
of a bull or horse instead of a mans. A closer examination of the head
of his cock was made and then dropped as Gene turned to the tray
beside him. Grimli strained against the bonds holding him, as it
dawned on him what Gene was about to do. Taking a bowl of alcohol Gene
began to clean the area, insuring that there was no grime left, then
again washed it with surgical soap, finally finishing with a scrubbing
of betadine. Grimli rained curses upon the man as his balls were
lifted and the tightly corded muscle of the perineal joining was
found. Gene fitted a 10 gauge ring into a pigging plier and set it
down, then asked Eisanna to hold the sack out of the way for him as he
reached for a pair of punch pliers soaking in a bowl of sterilizing
solution. Grimli bellowed as the punch pierced a hole behind the cord,
his thighs shaking and muscles corded in pain. Gene did not hesitate
but quickly threaded the ring through the holes and pigged them shut.
Picking up the smaller punch, he spread open the gland of the urethra
and quickly fitted a ring into it. There was less pain to either of
the pierces than Grimli had expected...it was more the indignity and
lack of say that he had in it, than anything. Trembling, he took slow
breaths trying to calm down. He figured that Gene was finished with
him....he was wrong. Gene knew what the slave was thinking...this
wasn't so bad...it would not control him. But he still had a trick up
his sleeve that he knew the slave would not be prepared for. Gene
looked down on the tray and located the thick strip of metal laying
there. About 2 inches thick and 4 inches long it was curved to meet in
an oblong circle, three small thick D rings decorated the back and a
little off center of the front. Picking it up he gripped and stretched
Grimlis balls out as far as they would go. He needed to thin the neck
of the scrotum as far as he could, satisfied at last he slide the open
end of the flat ring over the neck of the scrotum and smoothed out the
flesh...he did not want to catch a fold of skin when the ring was
closed. Finally it was set and he squeezed it shut. The band moved
smoothly together, the edges meeting firmly...there was nothing left
but the sealing of it. A padlock took care of that quickly enough.
Closing a ring through the D rings, the Guiche and Prince Albert each,
Gene sat back to look at his handiwork. Grimli looked down the heavy
band uncomfortable and a familiar pain in his balls reminded him of
the vise EisAnna had used on him. Slowly the horror of what had been
done to him dawned on the man...his cock rested locked to his
balls...any erection was going to be torment...but worse he could see
his balls stretched and feel the weight pulling against cock and
perineal cords, The scrotum so tightly held that the tender orbs
glistened, outlined in the thinned flesh. They could be easily reached
and tormented, worse...unless it was at his Miss' bidding, erections
were going to cause immense pain. They left his to contemplate what he
had brought on himself, as he stood in the hot sun. The mares had been
trotting around the track for a while now...and Gene knew they needed
a rest and then it was on to work training them. 

Merci was too tired, and too dizzy to protest of fight as she was led
from the wheel and back to the lake. Gratefully she washed down and
followed her owner back to the tent. Even now she could taste and
smell the shaving cream that had coated her body, flopped into her
mouth and flecked her eyelids all day. Worse were the fly
bites...attracted by the sweat and scented cream, they had spent the
day nipping tender flesh...walking on her defenseless body. She
flopped on the sleeping furs as soon as she entered the tent, her body
limp as she tried to rest. Skruffy looked down at her...rest was not
in the agenda yet. "Up WENCH!!! We have guests coming for supper...get
some made." Merci opened one bloodshot eye...he had guests
coming...let him fix his own damned supper...she wasn't moving." She
closed her eye again and concentrated on trying to think the ache from
her joints. Skruffy grinned and reaching for a short whip, POPPED
heron the butt, drawing a yelp of pain from the girl. "UP NOW!" Merci
contemplated taking the beating and not moving and then second thought
about it...she would get whipped and have to do the work in pain, or
she could just get supper started and maybe he would allow her to
rest. Groaning she pulled herself from the furs and opened the
cooler...potatoes, beef, carrots, onions...hmmm...enough here to make
a stew. She searched for the pot and water, then dragged them out to
the fire pit. Damn!!! gonna have to make a fire first. She set about
gathering the kindling and setting them, Once the fire began to burn
she slowly fed it wood until it was going well enough to cook on.
Merci could hear the fair winding down for the evening, smell the cook
fires going and the laughter of men drinking and wenching for the
evening. As the pot steamed she added the meat and vegetables and
covered the pot to boil. Her eyes reflected the firelight as the sun
began to sink. Skruffy watched her from within the tent as he set up
for tonight. He had something special planned and a very special guest
coming. This was going to be a very, very interesting night.

Lizette and Wildrose fell to a walk as the pacer was slowed, each step
was harder than the last to take. Sweat already poured down their
bodies, and the flies had found them. with their hands strapped behind
them all they could do was stamp and bear the insidious teasing tickle
of the flies as they walk on them, accompanied by sharp bites. The
pacer was stopped opposite where Gene and Eisanna stood waiting. The
two trainers walked over to the waiting pony girls and unhitched
them...their hands stroking the soft glistening skin. Wildrose looked
over to where Grimli stood bound. His bellow of pain and rage had
reached them even on the far side of the track. Seeing the state the
slave was in Wildrose resolved to be extra obedient and not to anger
her Mistress or Gene. Both lizette and wildrose were surprised when
they were led off the track and hosed down, the cooling water
streaming down their thirsty flesh...even more surprised when the
trainers started to remove the harness and bridles. What was going on?
Lizette most of all was confused and frightened...it was the first
time that she had been without so much as one piece of harness since
she had come into Genes' possession. Neither girl spoke but looked at
their owners curiously. "Come" Gene turned and led the way to the lawn
and gestured for the girls to sit. This was something they could do
happily....both of them dropping to the ground under a spreading oak
tree. God this feels almost decadent....their tired leg muscles
twitched as they rested. Gene had made sure to place them well with
insight of Grimli as he and Eisanna began to pet and stroke the girls
who had worked out so hard that morning. It was not long before either
pony began to respond enthusiastically and were treated to making love
to their owners in the soft grass....Grimli watched...with envy. 

Lovelyldy trembled softly as LAGuardian removed the harness from her
body. He was an unknown, what would he want from her, what service
would he demand, she had spent the last month or so acting as a pony
for EvilKath, but it had been her owners choice as to how she served
her. Now. she faced a man...someone who just by looking at her, made
her feel soft and vulnerable inside. His fingers ran lightly over the
whip marks still livid from the race. A soft gasp escaped her lips as
the fire in the welts blazed under the touch. She became acutely aware
of the growing wetness between her legs...and then blushed as she
realized that he was just as aware...his eyes seeming to see through
her. LA was satisfied...this one would do. responsive, accepting of
the pain, definitely trainable to his tastes. He was pleased with the
gentle curves of the female before him...the fullness of hips and
breasts complimented by the narrow hour glass waist. Though the girl
had not yet spoken he knew that her voice would match her
beauty...soft and musical. Gathering up the harness...La led the girl
to his room...she would need a bit of care before her training
began......

DebiJean slept alongside the spent girl...both had needed a nap.
Freeing chia from the sensory depravation, she had quieted the girls
sobs and laid with her...content to stroke her pet. She awoke to the
quiet of the house, her eyes taking in the darkness. Sighing she stood
up and looked down at the slave sleeping peacefully...she would not
wake her, but check on chuck instead. Stretching she moved from the
room to see to her recovering slave. Chuck barely stirred as his
Mistress opened the door. Even in the moonlight DebiJean could see
that he was not doing well...his flesh was pale save for two bright
red spots on his cheeks. DebiJean moved over to the bed quickly,
turning on a soft light. Fumbling at the nightstand she grabbed the
ear thermometer and took a quick reading...105.4..this was not good.
What could she do...Mary was not home and she was not a skilled or
trained nurse. Cooling him off first...that would be best. DebiJean
rose and ran down to the kitchen, loading a trash bag with ice, she
carried it back up stairs. It wasn't much, but it was a start. She
found a basin and dumped some of the ice into it, wrapping the rest in
the plastic bag inside a towel and placed it against the feverish
slave. filling the basin with water and alcohol from the bathroom she
began to bathe him down. her eyes filled with concern as she fought to
bring the fever down...hopefully Mary would be home soon.

Karen hung limp in the frame, her head drooping as a trickle of cum
escaped her mouth. She had already spent the day in pain and torment,
now the night was passing the same way. Harry had pulled the molds of
her cunt and ass from her carefully, not to prevent any pain to
her...he didn't care about that, but instead to preserve them. He
would take more molds at other points in her life with the
Foxfires...these first ones would allow him to modify a few toys for
their pleasure and her use. He needed more measurements and looked to
the Foxfires, Helena and Jerry to facilitate them. They were more than
happy to oblige. Mary decided she wanted to see her slave squirm and
scream in pain. She searched the lab for all of the hemostats that she
could find. With the girls cunt wide open, she had a perfect site for
placement. Grabbing a stool she sat between the girls legs, probing
deep into the open flesh and clamping the hemostats one at a time
inside her. Karen could not believe the pain, her lungs shrieked her
pain as she struggled to escape. Regretfully Mary looked at the
scissor ends of the clamps jutting from the girls cunt...she could not
fit even one more of the slender tools inside. Sighing she set about
working on ringing the inner labia. Harry bounced around ecstatic...he
had already gone through one box of tape and was mounting
another...the readings would keep him busy for months...his pen made
notations on the paper....the type of torture and the number and type
of device recorded as the reading changed. Helena could not wait any
longer, her thighs were slick with her own juices as she watched the
girl writhen the frame. Helena searched the cabinets until she found
what she was looking for...the new Novo pen hypodermic
points...perfect!!!!!! Gathering up the box, she moved over to the
girl and studied the playing field. Popping all 100 points clear of
the wrap, she set them up on the table beside her. Helena had an
artistic streak...though her media was flesh and pain rather that
acrylic or oil. She began to trace the girls shoulder blades and spine
with the points , sinking each fully into the muscles of the girls
back. Sensory overload took Karen into the blissful peace of
unconsciousness. Her body hanging limp. "Hold IT!!! Hold It
everybody...she's out cold!!! I 'm barely getting any
readings....DAMN!" Harry looked around unhappily.....like any
scientist..he seem to feel that the subject was doing this to him on
purpose. Helena looked up..."so fix it you silly little man." She
turned back to her handiwork and looked at it critically. "Hmmm needs
something...ahh...Harry you have any birthday candles?"
"Hmm...uh...what...uh..try the secretaries desk...think we had a
birthday here last week, she keeps track of that stuff...hmm whose was
it...oh!! yes...MINE!" The little man grabbed a couple of ammonia
capsules and snapped them under the girls nose. Tom contributed his
bit...giving the girl a warm drink and wet face to wake up to. Helena
searched the desk and laughed....there was an entire box of colorful
spiraled birthday candles and a Polaroid camera...she wondered if the
girl had ever seen herself in torment. Snatching up both items she
hurried back to the suspended slave. She carefully forced a candle
into each of the needle caps, sliding it over the protruding back
point meant to pierce the insulin vial. When she was finished the
undulating pained back resembled an Ariel view of a city
road...Carefully she lit the candles...the soft moans of patinas the
wax slowly melted and filled the caps then spilled over on to the
flesh made Helena lick her lips. Mary to had finished, the flavescent
flesh could barely be seen through the gleaming metal of the
hemostats. She had only griped the flesh and not the meat so the metal
shifted and trembled with every movement. A thin trickle of urine
escaped the girls cunt and dripped to the floor. Tom turned off the
lights as Helena focused the camera on the girl. The soft lights of
the candles shed a halo of pain over the girls back and bounced in
twinkling glints off the metal hemostats. Karen hung in pain as the
cameras flash captured her beauty and suffering.




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

62. I Will Do Anything For Love

Karen hung limp in her chains....there was little left of her will
after the hours of torment and experiments. Her eyes were glazed as
Mary lifted her head...so deep into sub-space was the girl that the
movement and touch did not even register. "She's had it...let's lower
her and leave her some time to recover. Slowly Tom and Jerry lowered
the girl to the floor...Harry Burns disconnected the leads and began
folding up the tracings. He had more than enough material to keep his
perverted little scientific heart and mind happy for weeks. Karen
moaned softly as her body rested painfully on the ice cold tiles.
There was not one part of her that did not burn, ache scream at her in
pain, but her mind registered little of it...hours before she had
slide into that world in her mind where there was nothing but
sensation, all thoughts gone. only a floating feeling of ecstasy. Tom
and Mary sat beside her on the floor and held the little slave. They
had watched as her body had been burned, whipped, fucked, used in
every possible combination of pain and pleasure, by the group...had
smiled as the slave had struggled, screamed and writhed, then felt the
first thrills as the girl surrendered...her body and mind overwhelmed,
and yielded for the first time to sub-space. Mary and Tom watched her
with eyes brimming with tears...this was the place they had striven so
hard to take their slave...this was their gift to her...not merely the
pain, the control and suffering, but the reward. Once Karen had found
it with them...she was truly theirs. There would be nothing she could
deny them, nothing she would deny them, and ever her reward would be
this gift. A place so deep within that it surmounted everything,
gifted as nothing else could. Gently Mary took a cloth and began to
wipe her slaves mouth. Cum leaked from every orifice, bruises covered
her, but there was such a look of bliss on the girls face that Mary
could nearly envy her. It was a place that she would never go, Tom
would never see save through the eyes of their slave. "I think we
should take her home now...she will need time to adjust...to recover."
Tom nodded and began to gather up their things. Handing them to Jerry
, he bent and picked up the slave, cradling her head against his
shoulder. Mary draped a sheet over her and they walked silently from
the room. Harry barely noticed their departure...but Helen watched
with envious eyes. she had never known that space herself...nor been
able to take someone there. She wished she could.

Lovelyldy trembled as she stood before LAGuardian.. she did not know
what to expect from him...here was an unknown. A gesture from him sent
her to her knees, only to be puzzled as he left her sight. She heard
him moving around behind her...then the opening of a door and the
sound of water running in a tub. Long minutes passed as she knelt
waiting, her eyes registering the sounds of glass and movement. At
last he called to her. his voice soft..."Come here girl." Lovely
started to rise.. then thought better of it and turned on her knees to
crawl to him. LAG reached down and taking one of her hands drew her to
her feet. Gently he maneuvered her into the full tub, and pressed
hereinto sitting. A soft sigh escaped her lips...it had been a long
time since she had taken a bath in a real tub. Bubbles surged around
her as she relaxed into the warm water. She had grown used to the
washing down that EvilKath had given her in the stable yards, the cold
water running over her flesh, but she had missed the luxury of a bath.
As the ache eased from her muscles she was surprised when LAG began to
bathe her with a sponge, moving the soft rough surface over her body
and welts. Obediently she parted her legs as he washed her inside and
out. Not a word was exchanged between them as he cared for what was
now his...his concentration fully on her body and the cleansing of
it...hers beginning to drift as her flesh responded to care it had
forgotten.

DebiJean paced...there was little that she could do..her eyes turned
worriedly towards the bed and the slave lying feverish in it. His temp
was down, but she could see that it would skyrocket once again when
the ice melted. All she could do was keep it as low as possible and
pray that Mary would arrive soon. Chuck moaned softly in a fever
delirium..his lips forming over and over...anything you want
Mistress...I love you. Gently she sat on the bed and stroked his
forehead...nodding. It was a strange feeling to know that he had grown
so devoted to her in such a short time. She watched the clock and
prayed.

FX was both happy and sad. Dude was recovering well...each day he
crawled from the bed and exercised, Fx walking beside him, helping him
to stretch and move the burned muscles. He spared no expense to heal
the slave he loved. Therapists came daily, medications were given
round the clock, a Jacuzzi had been brought in to help with the
healing...nothing the slave could want of need was neglected. FX
himself began to show the strain, he had taken little sleep, jumping
at every moan, and even the little he had gotten was not restful,
reliving each moment of his rape at the bar, the days in Dudes'
rebellious hands and his revenge acted in anger. His moans would
awaken Dude who would lie there watching him, seeing the pain his
owner was in, and then moan to waken him. He would hide the tears of
shame and pain for what he had caused FX to do, and allow his owner to
"wake" him..comfort him..but never reveal his knowledge of the pain FX
showed in his dreams. Neither knew what to do...but knew that the
situation could not go on much longer like this. 

NuBaby lay awake, her tongue swollen and dry as she lay quietly on the
bed next to Tony. His snores were ones of deep sleep, a peaceful rest.
Gently she tried to move, wincing as the rings in her nipples pulled
against the raw pierced flesh of her tits and tongue. She could feel
the chains holding her in place and sighed...there was no way for
hereto escape. Stiffly she shifted trying to get more comfortable on
the bed, her eyes drifting to the face of the man who held her
captive. His face was gentle in sleep... still a little cruel around
the mouth, but not un-handsome. So very much had happened to her in
the past days, every touch had been one of pain, crippled, cut off
from her family with no one looking for her...a near escape and the
pain of punishment. Her mind followed the story of her use through her
body. Still her cunt and mouth burned with the pain of the
cactus...she wondered if she would ever be able to pee again, after
the treatment of the vacuum...God how that had hurt...she was afraid
to even beg for the use of a bathroom...would he attach her to that
again? She had always been proud of her body, taut and smooth, petite
and full of life..now it hurt even to breath..what would he do to her
next. As her mind tumbled over the endless pain of the last days, she
found a thrill racing through her clit, more she could feel herself
beginning to grow wetter. Her eyes flashed back to Tony's face only to
find his eyes upon her. With a gasp she dropped her eyes, afraid that
he would punish her for looking at him. Tony grinned and moved his
hand to touch her cunt. Trembling NuBaby raised her leg so that he had
access to her. His fingers explored deep into the lacerated flesh of
her cunt, the pain drawing a moan from deep within her, as to her
surprise her cunt responded, gripping his fingers tightly. "Good
sureibu. You learn quickly don't you little pain slut...what are you
cunt?" Shaking softly Nubaby struggled to form the words around her
protruding tongue..with a cry of hunger and frustration she yielded to
the knowledge that she would have to cause her own pain to answer, but
shed are not refuse to. "Ur CUnt...ThUrebu..thlave." the words were
barely intelligible, the pain bringing tears to her dark eyes and a
smile to Tony's face. Worse was the knowledge that her cunt gripped
and ground hungry on his fingers. Tony withdrew his hand and wiped it
on her extended tongue. "Well slave, I would be you are thirsty and
hungry...you have to earn your keep around here. Time to get up slut."
Her groan as he withdrew the hand teasing her flesh echoed through the
room. Rising he released her chains and rolled his bitch to the floor.
"Heel" Nubaby crawled after him, her head held down to ease the pain
in tongue and tits. 

Arriving home Mary and Tom put the little slave to bed in their room,
chaining her securely at the foot of their bed. They were tired, but
happy, they knew now that this was going to be the slave they had
always dreamed of. Tucking a blanket around the sleeping girl they
closed the door and left her to sleep. Debijean heard them as they
made their way down the hall. "Mary!!! Chucks in a bad way..can you
come look at him? I am really worried he has been running a fever all
night." Mary turned toward DJ and saw the alarm on her friends face."
Tom have Tony bring me up some coffee and then you prepare the surgery
for me....I will be down in a minute." Swiftly she moved toward the
room, wide awake and all business...this was a call that she had
answered all of her adult life and even in retirement it held its
claim on her. Adrenaline rushed to wake her as she raced to assess the
slaves needs. DebiJean stood by ready to help, as Mary cut away the
bandages on the skinned cock. "Damn..he is rejecting the graft...we're
gonna have to operate..see how much damage has been done." DebiJean
turned pale ..."Castrate him?" "That might be the only option, but I
am going to try not to. He may not be functional though." "I don't
care as long as he is alive." Mary looked up as Tony brought in a cup
of strong black coffee. Accepting it Mary gestured to the fevered
slave on the bed..."Get him down to surgery and prepped Tony. Ringers
Lactate and Dextrose, cross match him and see if we have enough blood.
if not call Sam at the hospital." Tony nodded and bent to lift the
tall slave off the bed. His muscles strained and a soft grunt escaped
as he settled the heavy weight in his arms, and carried him from the
room. Mary hugged DebiJean..."It will be ok...he is not in any major
danger...why don't you get some rest while I shower and get ready."
"Thanks Mary I know that you will do all you can, but..well I am
responsible for him...and his condition...I want to be there." "I will
make sure you are...it will be at least an hour before we are
ready...go rest and eat something..he is going to need you
afterwards." DJ nodded and walked toward her room to lay down with
rabidchia...she would not sleep, but could hear the wisdom in Mary
swords. Chia snuggled against her Mistress and sighed in her sleep.

Mercis night had not gone well...the stew prepared and the fire banked
she had tried to relax and not draw attention to herself. Skruffy had
been busy in the tent, and she did not want to know what he was up to.
His cheery whistle told her that whereas it might be something he
enjoyed there was no guarantee that she would. She had not been
surprised to see Shadowmaker appear from the darkness. But was
startled when he ignored her save for a nod, then entered the tent.
Merci looked around...the isolation of the tent insured
privacy..but...her head turned to look at the men moving around in the
tent...it did not bode well for her receiving a quiets night rest.
Silently the girl turned back to stare into the fire. She did not hear
the men pull back the tent flap nor their footsteps until she was
grabbed from behind. A yelp of fear escaped her mouth as she was
roughly held and a gag thrust deep into it and tied. Her eyes glared
as she struggled, the men intent upon removing her garb and barely
noting her thrashing. Between them it was but a minutes silent work to
tie her hands and feet together behind her and lay her on her back on
the ground. Mercies muffled protest went ignored as they arranged her
body before the fire. Skruffy forced her knees wide apart, and teased
her nipples to full extension before turning to ladle some of the stew
from the pot. Mercie did not understand what was going on, why they
had tied her this way. She could feel the light sparks from the banked
fire landing softly on her flesh and hear the pops of the logs as it
burned slowly. Smiling Shadowmaker rose and entered the darkness
beyond the light. Mercie neither saw him leave or return, until he
stood above her...then she caught sight of the form looming over her
next to him. She could not tell whether it was male of female, the
dark cloak hid those aspects of the persons form, but she could feel
the menace rolling off of the person. Shaking, she struggled to follow
the person with her head as it walk to stand between her legs, frantic
sounds of fear escaping the gag as a small gloved hand exited the
cloak to reveal the glint of a sharp knife blade. She could not raise
her head far enough to see as the form knelt between her legs...and
nearly left her skin behind as a mouth gently covered her clit sucking
and teasing at it with quick flicks of a tongue. All to soon Merci
found herself writhing and moaning not in fear but the gentle rise of
need in her loins. So deep was she in the grip of the sucking and
probing mouth that she did not notice the sharp prick of the knife's
point, only the mouth that moved to suck gently at her thigh..........

Eisanna and Gene had spent the day teasing and playing with wildrose
and lizette...neither slave knew what to do with themselves... It had
been a day of rest and gentle rides...lust and languish in the sun.
For Grimli it had not been so pleasant. Bound to the hitching rails
his mind cast back a forth between the pain in his groin and the
nipping bites of the flies. The heat too had taken much of the fight
out of the rebellious slave. He had been denied water, food and shade,
standing bound to suffer for the battle he had given that morning.
Worse had been the torment of the girls. Several times they had been
brought over to kneel and service his cock, teasing it erect only to
have the pain scream through his body and de-construct their hard
work. Slowly it began to work into his brain that there was no
escape...no way to stop them from tormenting him until he broke. He
maintained his rock hard stand, his stubbornness until the California
sun finally defeated him. His flesh blistering red from sunburn,
tongue dry to the point of feeling he had swallowed the Sahara,
brought him to his defeat...As Eisanna and Gene brought the ponies
inside to bed them down for the night, his cracked parched voice
called to them, begging for water, for relief. Gene smiled and
continued into the stable. The slave would wait until he was ready to
release him. Finally his mare was settled for the night, her body
satiate and resting in the straw a smile on her tired face, as she
remembered the joys of pleasing her Master. Wildrose too settled down,
tired and joyous. She had spent the day being praised, stroked and
pleasing her Mistress. Gene gathered up a bottle and a bucket on his
way back outside. Approaching Grimli he looked at the slave and then
held the bucket up for the slave to drink. Held so that he had no
choice, Grimli plunged his face into the bucket and drank deeply until
Gene pulled it away. His thirst was not gone, but Gene knew better
than to allow the dehydrated male drink fully. Pouring some of the
contents of the bottle on his hand he began to rub it into the
inflamed and tormented flesh, a hiss of pain escaping as Gremlin's
skin shouted the pain of his sunburn. Coating the slave fully, Gene
offered again the bucket of water, allowing the slave to drink again.
Gratefully he did so, the tepid water tasting better than anything he
remembered. Eisanna brought out the head harness and bit..eyeing it
Grimli reluctantly opened his mouth as it was presented. Strapping it
tight so that the bit pulled hard in the slaves mouth. she lightly ran
her fingers over his hard flesh. A shiver raced down Gremlin's back at
her touch. Gene slapped his flanks and bid his sleep well as he and
Eisanna made their way towards the house. A groan of despair escaped
Grimli as he realized that his punishment was not over...he would
spend the night spread eagled and victim to the mosquitoes. There
would be little rest.

Glen woke next to his bride to be...and stroked her....rising he
prepared her to the trip back to the Foxfire's. Brandy looked at
him...she was ready....... Will you Raise Me Up? Brandy watched in
silence as Glen drove. It was the first time she had worn clothing
since the party and she felt honored to be allowed to sit in the front
seat with him. Glen kept looking over at her, watching to see if she
was going to change her mind, it was a dream come true for him. Not
only had she agreed to marry him, but she herself had requested the
amputation of her lower legs. Never had he thought to have a woman,
much less a wife who accepted so willingly his choice of use for her,
to nearly overnight accept him and Bruno, fully and completely. He
felt as if he were in a fog. Brandies own thoughts were in a
whirl...she herself did not believe what she was wiling to do to be
loved, to belong to someone. Already she was deaf, could not hear or
speak, but now, she was volunteering to be crippled, all in the name
of love. Mentally she shook her head...when did she grow to be so
crazy. Her eyes turned back to the road and she watched the freeway
traffic as she pulled nearer and nearer to her fate. How many of the
people in the cars out there would go so far for love...

Dawn rose on Grimli, exhaustion showing clearly on his face, he had
stood so long in one place that he did not think he would remain
upright if released. His mouth was dry as he moved the bit about in it
and his balls in agony. A puddle grew beneath him as his bladder
finally let down while he watched the sky grow lighter, with little
hope. Worse was the insidious itch that crept over his skin, the
mosquitoes had fed happily and well all night. Cocks crow came as the
sun crested behind his back. It made little difference to him, he
would remain where he was until released. Gene watched the slave from
the window in the kitchen....sipping at his coffee he evaluated the
condition of the slave being punished and broken. Sighing he placed
the coffee down, and looked towards the stairs leading to the second
floor. He preferred his slaves to come willingly into training, to
embrace their desires...but this one...he did not know where Eisanna
had acquire him, but he had been asked to train him and train him he
would. Gene took pride in his work and his reputation, he had never
failed, and would not do so now. Opening the door he walked across the
yard to care for the slave. Grimli barely registered the sound of
footsteps behind him, after a full day of pain ad standing in the sun
and then through the night, he cared about little but the next moment,
the next insect bite. Gene noted the lethargy of the slave as he
picked up the water hose. Turning the spigot on , he waited until the
water ran clean and cold then played the hose over the slaves body.
The shock of the cold water threw Grimli forward in his bonds, a moan
of pain escaping the bit. His gray eyes sought the man with the hose,
but what faced Gene wasn't the storm clouds of the day before, instead
a plea for release and water. Gene turned the hose to fill the bucket,
letting the water spill sparkling over the sides. Grimli's eyes
watched as the water he so craved was wasted...the bucket gleaming in
front of him...out of his reach. Satisfied that the slave was wet down
thoroughly, Gene went into the barn and returned a few moments later
bearing a bucket of soapy water and a scrub brush. With silent
efficiency that told of many years experience, he began to scrub the
slaves flesh down, the brush moving rapidly but almost gently over the
bitten, sunburned flesh. A groan of near pleasure sounded in Grimli's
chest as the brush scratched the itches he had not been able to all
night. He flinched but did not try to escape when Gene ran the brush
over his genitals nor even when the hose was forced within him to
clean him out. It was such a relief to just stop itching for a moment,
and his eyes never left the bucket. Finally satisfied that the
stallion was as cleaned as he would be, Gene loosened the bit and held
the bucket up so that he could drink. Grimli had never tasted anything
so sweet in his life.......

.Mary was finally ready. Assuring herself that chuck was a stable as
he could be, and that all of the monitors were working, she laid out
the surgical instruments and had Tony fetch DebiJean. All that could
be seen of chuck was his head and genitals as he lay semi-conscious on
the operating table. DJ entered the room and stood by his head out of
the way, her hand stroking and comforting the slave. Mary had giving
him something to relax him and for the pain, and soon the injection
would be given to take him all the way under. Tom stood by ready with
the oxygen and halothane mixture to keep the slave deep during the
operation. Mary cut away the bandages surrounding chucks cock...even
though she had been hardened by many years of surgery, her eyes
widened as she looked at the infection raging on the organ. Sadly she
looked up at DebiJean and shook her head ...no. With a sigh of regret
DJ nodded...it would have to be. Mary set to work, her scalpel
delicately cutting and removing the slaves cock... separating out the
urethra and moving it, the corona and the catheter aside, she worked
to cut away the infected flesh before the infection spread further.
Gently she resectioned out the vans clamping them off, he would not
have to lose his balls as well and she just might be able to leave him
that function. Her hands moved carefully and rapidly, clamping
cutting, resectioning out the main nerves and veins, finally after
nearly an hour she was ready to deal with the urethra. Gently but
steadily she pulled the catheter leaving the Foley bulb. DJ continued
to stroke the unconscious slaves head. Mary settled in for what would
be the hardest part of the operation. Measuring carefully she cut the
urethra, leaving only 2 inches outside the groin proper, then trimmed
the majority from the corona, she would have to work swiftly now,
there would be few minutes before the detached cock heads cell would
begin to die. Deftly her hands matched up the veins, snipping them to
match up. Tony handed her suture needle after needle as she worked to
sew the veins and the main artery in place. She released the hemostats
and watched as the dusky blue head began to pinken again. Noting a
drop of blood escaping, she placed another of the tiny stitches to
seal it. Taking a deep breath and stretching she prepared to match up
the ends of the urethra. This was a relatively easy part, her hands
could nearly perform the movements without direction from her. Once it
was stitched she reinserted a shorter catheter and released the
Foley...urine flowed freely....good she was in the home stretch. Only
the vans and the reattachment of the corona remained. 45 minutes
passed before she looked up and snapped her gloves off..."I don't know
how much feeling he will retain DJ, but that is the best I can do."
"Mary...thank you...I know what ever happens now...you did your best."
DJ looked down at the slave and then back at Mary, Tom and
Tony..."thank you all for all you have done." Hanging another bag of
blood and of Dextrose they left the slave to recover and sleep. He
would be monitored, but...the rest was up to him.

Lost in the throws of orgasm, Merci had barely registered the pain of
the cut, but finally the aftershocks left her dazed but aware. She
looked into the eyes of a woman. The woman had thrown back her cloak
and was watching the slave, her lips crimson with the slaves blood.
Confusion and pain raced across Mercies face as she looked desperately
for Skruffy and Shadowmaker. She did not understand why her thighs
hurt so badly, or who this woman was. The woman smiled at her "I am
Duggan...and you my love are delicious...Skruffy has been kind and
offered me dinner tonight. I know that it amuses him." Merci struggled
to look at Skruffy. She did not understand. Skruffy laughed...."Your
it sweetheart...her meal for tonight...and I don't think that she is
finished yet. Merci began to shake her head no as it dawned on her
what he meant...he couldn't...this was obscene...it was worse than the
knives. Duggan threw back her head and laughed. "Lets take her into
the tent...we can be a bit more private there." The men agreed and
lifted the slave from the ground. Merci could feel the slow trickle of
blood leaking down her thigh. Nothing had prepared her for this
horror...her eyes followed the bright silver of the knife as Duggan
approached her. Silently the woman settled upon Merci's belly, her
small hand caressing the gentle curve of her breast. it was with
intense fear and horror that Mercie watched the point of the blade
approach her breast, felt the first nick beneath her nipple and the
trickle of blood that followed. A gasp of fear escaped the gag as
Duggan lowered her mouth to the blood and began to lick slowly, then
to suck. Slowly Merci's whimpers of fear and pain turned to moans of
need as she felt the blood being drawn from her tit. Skruffy and
Shadowmaker smiled, she would get over her fear of knives very soon.

Lovelyldy had never known a man like this. She had expected him to
whip her, or hurt her in some way, but instead he had treated her with
gentleness, bathing her, papering her, massaging her flesh. her feet
had barely touched the ground the entire time she was in his
possession, but always she could feel, knew who was in charge. This
was a man who knew exactly what he wanted from her, and she knew
instinctively that he would not repeat himself, he was to be obeyed
the first time. LA watched her like a hawk, measuring her responses,
gauging her reactions as he manipulated and explored her flesh. He
could feel a slight tremble in her flesh as he touched her, fear or?
He could see that she had been hard used, knew about the races, and
wanted her healed before he touched her fully the first time. gently
he massaged the oils into her skin, treated the cuts on her mouth. By
the time he was through..she was breathing hard and her mons was
swollen and wet....soft moans of hunger escaped her as she tried to
draw him closer to her. "No...rest" his voice was low and firm. Gently
he drew the covers over her and lay beside her. He did not fear that
she would try to escape. But he did not want her active yet, she
needed to heal for his purposes. Turning towards her he settled heavy
arm over her shoulders and went to sleep. With a whimper of
frustration Lovelyldy obeyed, closing her eyes to rest.

Jessann shook before Bear....the last few days had pushed her far
beyond any limits she thought she had. He had stripped her of
everything, every limit, every rebellion, every portion of herself,
and she had gone willingly into her slavery. He controlled everything,
her diet, her bathroom privilege, even down to the way she walked. Now
he was demanding that she torture herself. He had set her in the
playroom, among all the toys, and given the order. "Choose and torment
your flesh for my amusement." Her mind raced, clamps, uh...catting
myself..no that won't work, ummm dildoes...she could see him growing
impatient. She moved to the draw containing the dildos and chose
two...maybe this would please him. Gulping she knelt on the floor in
front of him. With a cry of pain she forced first one then the other
into her anus and cunt dry. Rolling to her back she began to fuck them
into her sluttishly one at a time. Her eyes caught the bored look on
his face. Slowly a blush crept up her face...she was failing at the
first task he had set her. "You are failing slut....you can do better
than that...each time you fail is a mark on you." A mark on me?
jessann tried to figure if he meant against her. Until she looked
up...Bear held a bright red lipstick in his hand...Leaning he wrote
the word "FAILED" on one breast..."When there are three you will be
punished. Jessann groaned in anguish...there had to be someway to
please him...just had to be........

Gene and Eisanna got the girls ready for the day, grooming and
hitching them to a cart. Carefully they loaded a picnic basket in as
well as food and water for the ponies. Grimli watched with glazed
eyes, he could already feel the heat of the days sun burning down on
his back...and those damned horseflies were back. Gene watered him a
last time and then set the bucket where he could see it. Slapping the
stallions flank goodbye, he mounted the seat of the cart and snapped
the whip over the girls asses. As one wildrose and lizette stepped out
the wheel s of the cart making a cheerful chirring sound as they moved
off towards the far tree line. Grimli watched them go..a soft groan of
longing echoing deep within. He looked at the water bucket out of his
reach...and sighed. it would be a long day.

Karen woke in the darkened room as Mary and Tom finally came to
bed...every point of her body ached and screamed in pain, but her mind
languished, strangely contented. She did not remember much of the
evening, once the pain had overwhelmed her..there was nothing but
sensation, one after the other, building, cresending all that she had
ever known and a feeling of bliss and peace. Her eyes watched as the
couple moved around in the bedroom silently. Gently trying not to wake
the already awake slave they settled into each others arms to sleep
for a bit. Karen watched them with contented eyes...she did not know
what had changed...but it felt...right somehow.

NuBaby had waited in the kitchen through the long hours of the
operation. She did not know what had occurred only that even her owner
had seemed concerned. She glanced over as the door opened and Tony
entered. He placed a bowl before her on the floor and her stomach
rumbled. There was no way for her to eat with her tongue so far
extended from her mouth, she could only look at what he set before
her. The silver bowl contained a mix that if someone had suggested
that she eat it a week ago, she would have laughed in their face...now
she was grateful for it. The dark brown of coffee was redolent with
the smell of urine, lumps of fat and cold meat floated in the liquid
alone with a raw egg and swollen stained grains of rice and bread. She
felt Tony's hand release her chain between tongue and nipples and
waited quivering for permission to eat. "Go on..you will need your
strength Sureibu..eat" NuBaby did not wait for him to change his mind
but plunged her face into the mess before her, trying hard to ignore
the taste, concentrating on the nourishment it gave her. She barely
noticed as he stroked her cunt, opening it and pulling the lips
outward until he snapped heavy clamps onto them. A scream bubbled up
from the mess her face was buried in. His heavy hand slapped hard down
on her ass, warning her to hold still no matter what he did. Clipping
heavy chains to the clamps he attached the other ends to a low wheeled
cart and began to load it with cleaning supplies. Nubaby finished the
last of the mess in the bowl as he finished, licking to get every part
of it. It had felt wonderful to have her tongue move freely, to ease
her thirst. "Now you earn your keep cunt." Tony rehooked the chain
between nipples and tongue...then hooked another chain to them.
Yanking it...he turned Nubaby in the kitchen and led her forward by
the leash. A scream of pain rang out as the cart pulled unmoving on
the clamps embedding themselves in her cunt lips. Tony was relentless,
and Nubaby was caught between having her tongue and nipples pulled out
or her cunt in agony. She lunged, bringing herself nearly to her belly
as the cart finally moved, her cunt lips aflame in pain...she could
feel the flesh stretch and tear as she dragged the loaded cart behind
her, tears dripping from her eyes. She had no choice, she would follow
and earn her meals.......she was sureibu...slave....owned.

Brandy looked over at Glen for the last time as they turned into the
driveway....this was it...once she crossed that threshold there was no
going back. Taking a deep breath she nodded...she was ready. 




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

63. Holding Out For A Hero

chuck woke confused and disoriented...his eyes darting around, his
mind struggled to know when he had left the party. The muted light
told him little of his surroundings, but as he began to focus more he
could make out the IV stand above him, and the soft whir of various
machinery. He could feel the muffled blaze of pain in his groin, a
pain it seemed he had born forever. It was a familiar pain, but
unfamiliar at the same time. So often he had tortured and tormented
his own flesh seeking the pain he needed, that he barely remembered a
time his cock and balls did not hurt, but this was
different...something had changed, the familiar weight was subtly
askew. His hand crept towards his groin....Panic flared in the mans
mind, nearly pulling him back into the darkness, his hand had
encountered not the known touch of his own flesh, but a small lump of
bandages, skewered by a catheter. His hands remembered it as a larger
fleshier area...why then was the bandage so small the pain so severe
when he touched it. His hands flew to whip back the sheet. Heaving
upwards his eyes sought his cock as he ripped the bandages from his
groin...The house echoed with his scream of horror and anguish.....

Glen stepped down from the truck and walked around to where Brandy sat
waiting. Opening the door, his eyes searched her face. She turned her
face towards him shyly. She knew this house, knew what it held for
her...what it would mean. Gently she touched his face and nodded she
was ready. Glen took her hand in his and gently drew her from the
truck cab. Automatically Brandy began to sink to her knees before him,
and was startled when he gripped her hand tighter and pulled her
upright. She would be allowed to walk for the last time, to standup
right and walk into the house that would remove that ability from her
forever. Trembling she followed him to the door, it had been her
choice and her request. Tony opened the door a few moments after Glen
rang the doorbell.

NuBaby waited just beyond the foyer entrance, her head bowed as she
rested trying to ease the pain in her tongue and nipples. The cart
behind her attached to her cunt lips bore Tony's cleaning supplies,
and a large garbage bag. Her ears still echoed with the ring of chucks
screams. She did not know what had happened to the slave, but had no
hope that it had been anything good. She had nearly been knocked over
as DebiJean and Mary had raced to the basement, but other than the
pain of scrambling out of their way as Tony yanked her reins, it
didn't concern her. Her only thought was to keep the sadist who
controlled her as happy with her as possible. 

Brandy followed Glen into the house, she could see the men talking
but...they blocked her view of NuBaby. She wondered if she would get
to see her friend while she was here...or even if the girl still was.
Glens tug on her started her forward again and her eyes widened in
horror as she took in the sight of what had once been her proud and
fiery companion. With a wordless moan she broke from her Masters hand
to kneel by Nu. Her eyes taking in all that had been done to the
girls' flesh. NuBaby saw the splash of tears from Brandy to the floor,
she could not look up, but could feel Tony's glare as his finely
polished floor was dampened. With a groan of pain, Nu bent her head to
the floor and tugging at her nipple chains licked it dry. She knew
that it was Brandy there...could feel the waves of anguish from the
girl. She wished that she could speak to her friend, tell her that
even though she was captive, tortured, nearly beaten and broken, for
some reason she found comfort in Tony's hands, found excitement that
had been missing from her life, and strangely value. Glen allowed
Brandy a moment to touch and be with her friend then pulled her back
to him, leading her into the living room to wait. Brandy's mind fell
into a turmoil of confusion. Her eyes followed NuBaby as she struggled
to start the cart rolling and followed her Master. Brandy had been
captured at the same time as her friend, and though her life was not
fully as she would have chosen, she found love and acceptance in the
midst of being fucked by Man and Beast. Glen slide her to the floor at
his feet and stroked his beloveds hair. He could see the troubled look
in her eyes, but knew of no way to relieve it.

Dude was up and around, though weak still and undergoing therapy. FX
on the other hand showed the strain of the past week, his sleep still
disrupted, the anger at Dude drained, but at himself still dammed up.
Dude watched as FX tried to function on too little sleep. He knew of
no way to apologize, to make it up to the man, and sighed. He would be
sold, or given away to another owner. FX would not put him out on the
street, but...Dude could see it was tearing him apart. Again and again
he lifted the Solo Flex bar over his head stretching the muscles,
pushing them to heal from the burns and not shrink. He had a lit to
think about. FX looked up from his phone call, watching the slaves'
muscles play as he exercised. It was the hardest phone call he had
ever made in his life. "Yeah...right...he is good, and well
...spirited...he will require a firm hand. Ok yeah...I can deliver
him...uh there is a bit of scarring from burns, he still needs
exercise and therapy...yeah I know that will lower his price...but not
much...trust me...he is worth every penny they will spend on him...why
am I getting rid of him...hmmmmm lets just say...we both need a
change. Oh? You have a few? yes I would be interested in taking a
look...Ok...I will bring him Saturday and look over your stock...well
you know how I like them Hakeem...yes...Ok see you then." He hung up
the phone and stared down at it. He looked over at his slave. He had
not been able to find a buyer for him, not direct...but he also knew
that Dude needed another owner. He could not be turned out on the
street. That would jeopardize his career, and could ultimately damage
the young slave. The only option he had left was The Auction...Dude
would find an owner there...hopefully a good one...but it was the only
route he had left. Hakeem knew the quality of his work...and would
arrange a private sale..Dude would not go on the block. But still he
felt it was the final betrayal. Sighing he pasted a smile on his face
and tried to look cheerful. It was the hardest acting job he had ever
done.

Grimli slumped in his bonds, the strain of standing spread eagled for
two days with little water and food, had taken it's toll on him.
Burned by the bright California sun, bitten by insects, his cock,
scrotum and perineal area pierced and ringed, he was a picture of pain
and dejection. He heard the sounds of lizette and wildrose climbing
back up the hill, the harnesses jingling tiredly as they bore their
owners home. His eyes never left the bucket of water before him. He
could see the insects floating in it, but to his thirst ravaged
throat..it still looked like pure nectar. Genes eyes scanned the
stallion standing there, helpless. He could see from the slump of his
once proud shoulders that he was near the breaking point.
Un-harnessing the mares, he led them over to stand quietly before
Grimli. Grimli could hear their squeals as Gene washed them down and
his head lifted...there was little in the way of thoughts going
through his mind. His nose registered the cold water and soap being
used on them, the scent of mares well used and in heat, he could feel
the stirring in his groin as his cock responded to the sweet call of
scent. A groan of agony escaped him as the rings yanked and controlled
his cock...it was the first time he had felt the pain of an
erection...even that choice was no longer his. Gene looked at lizette
and caressed her soapy sweet mons, drawing a moan of desire from her.
His fingers probed, deeper into her flesh, parting it as she began to
grind upon his fingers. Gently he rewarded his mare for her service
today, teasing her closer and closer to orgasm, and holding her away
from it. Grimli pulled against his bonds once then slumped back...he
knew there was no getting to the mares, and recognized that Gene was
demonstrating his control on his flesh...the rings, the bonds,
fighting him would do no good, it would only make it worse. Gene and
Eisanna Marie watched as the stallion fought his bonds and gave
in...they knew he was not broken, only defeated for now. But...he
would be more tractable in the future. Finishing off his mare he
completed her grooming, currying her hair and braiding it, then
leading her into the barn.

It was time to deal with the stallion. Gene studied the stallion slave
before he approached him. Picking up the bucket he turned it over the
slaves head, allowing the tepid water to race down his burned flesh.
Grimli chewed hard on the bit and chased the water with his tongue.
Picking up the water hose, Gene proceeded to scrub the slave down,
probing deep into his ass and massaging his cock with soap before
rinsing him. Grimli flinched and started to clench his ass tight, then
with a groan relaxed, as much as he resented and rebelled against the
probe by the man of his ass. The water felt so good on his burnt flesh
he could not fight it. Thirstily his body absorbed the water, the
cold, and his mouth felt as parched as the Sahara. He would give
anything for a taste of that cold well water racing over his flesh.
Gene was not so foolish as to release the male before him without
constraints. Un cuffing one hand he snapped the cuff lock to the
cockring and then brought the other hand down to join it. Grimli
nearly sank to his knees as the blood raced back into hands that had
received little enough of the fluid over the past 2 days. His
shoulders screamed in agony as the rotator cuffs unlocked for the
first time and cracked with the movement. Gene attached a hobble to
one ankle before releasing it, then drew the slaves leg over to
attached the other.Grimli was not quick enough, the muscles in his
thighs rigid from being stretched for so long. He barely had time to
think of kicking before he was effectively restrained. With a
heartfelt groan the man sank to the muddy ground beneath him. His body
aflame with the returning circulation. Gene turned to prepare a feed
bag for the slave leaving him laying on the ground. He had taken the
time to prepare a stall for him when he bedded down the mares, but
food was to be necessary in the training. Grimli eyed the water hose
as Gene entered the barn.

Merci woke...and looked around. The body next to her did not feel
familiar...it was not Skruffys. Slowly her mind cast back to the night
before, her screams of lust and fulfillment as the woman had possessed
her, had broken her skin and drunk her blood as the finest of wines.
Merci looked over at the face above the shoulder she rested against.
The eyes of the woman were closed, her breathing regular and slow..a
trace of dried blood on the corner of her mouth. Through all of her
fear and pain..it had been the most incredible night of her life. She
could hear Skruffy and Shadowmaker snoring gently. Slowly the camp
came to life...many of the SCA had left the night before...the faire
was over for this weekend and mundania called them back to a world
where the sword hung on the wall and a red pen did all the slashing.
Rising carefully not to wake the woman, Mercie set about preparing
breakfast. Skruffy would want to get on the road soon, and he was a
bear without coffee. Turning to re-enter the tent after setting the
coffee pot to heat, Mercie was startled to see the woman watching her.
A Blush rose over her face and she dropped her eyes...she did not
understand..but it seemed as if the woman looked through her soul. She
could hear the men rising, but could not tear her eyes away from the
blatant stare. Slowly the woman nodded and rose, drawing her cloak
about her. "WENCH...where's the java?" Skruffy reached for Mercie only
to have his hand intercepted by the woman. "Duggan release my wrist"
"No. You will not scare or hurt her...Not while I am around." It was
the first words that Mercie had heard the woman speak, though she
remembered the moans of pleasure the night before. She was startled to
note the British accent. 'I will buy her from you ...name your price."
Skruffy looked startled...he had never thought of selling his slave...
and truly had no intention of it. "$15,000.00" Skruffy set an absurd
price knowing the woman would neither spend that much on a barely
useful slave..or have that much on her. He was surprised when Duggan
reached for her bag and withdrew a pouch of Traveler's
checks...swiftly she signed each one..."Here is $5,000, now, give me
your bank number and I will electronically transfer the balance
today." Skruffy was speechless as he looked at the sheaf of paper in
his hands. Mercie did not hesitate...looking at the woman who had just
made a decisive call to buy her, she found one of Skruffy's check
books and handed her a deposit slip from it. "Quietly she gathered up
her things. "Where the hell do you think you are going!" "with my new
owner of course." "I haven't sold you!..I won't." "You have, you named
a price and I met it...never say things you don't mean." Duggan
gathered her belongings..."The money will be in your account before
you can get home...come mercie." silently the women exited the
tent..Skruffy stood speechless as he watched his slave disappear into
the early morning fog.

Mary entered the living room to greet Glen. "welcome back...has she
been giving you a problem? You surely don't want to return her to her
former life?" Mary's eyes took in the slender girl laying silent at
her Master's feet. She was surprised to see the slut dressed, but it
was Glens' decision. "No Mary...we are going to be married, but I need
your skills." "MARRIED??" Mary was surprised at his statement...had
the slave been elevated to free woman? puzzled she looked from Glen to
the slave and back again. "Yes...she has agreed to become my wife, to
willingly serve me and Bruno for life..but she had a request." Again
Mary was at a loss for words, request?..the girl could not speak..how
could she request. then it dawned on her tired mind...Glen had learned
to sign. "Could you remove her legs from the knees down as you did for
Marilee? Brandy wishes this to show her acceptance that she is nothing
more than a bitch dog, even though she is also my wife to be."
'Uh...Sure...Of course I would be happy to...consider it my wedding
gift, but I will have to do it later today...I just did several hours
in surgery already, and really need to rest a bit. Why don't you have
Tony put her in a cage in the basement and I will do it around
5.""Thank you...I will want to be here with her." "Of course...go
ahead and cage her now...I have got to shower and sleep." 

Mary left the room, her own mind racing...would wonders never
cease...the girl had turned willingly to her slavery, captive though
she was. Karen had been permitted to rest, her body wracked with pain
and her mind overwhelmed by her night in the lab. Tom had retired
after the surgery and taken the girl to bed with him, allowing her
several hours sleep bound silently at his side. He looked up as his
wife entered the room...she looked down at the sleeping slave and then
leaned to kiss her husband. "Why don't you take her out for a
while...I need to rest." Tom smiled and dragged the sleeping slave off
the bed by her collar to fall to the floor. Snapped awake by the rude
awakening, Karen scrambled to her knees...her body shaking and
trembling in fear. She did not know what she had done wrong, but
feared that Tom was angry with her. Petting her reassuringly, Tom led
her from the room and down to the playroom. It was time for him to
have a bit of fun with the slut...and he knew just what he wanted to
do to her....she would not be hurt...Humiliation was more his
pleasure...but she would serve and suffer......Karen dared not look at
his face, but knew no matter what...it would not be the best of days
for her...especially when she looked down at the bowl he set before
her...The smell assaulted her before her eyes focused on the
contents...she could smell the piss that awaited her...but also the
redolent rancidness of human waste. Tom prepared to play........ 




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

64. Two Out Of Three

A shudder ran through Karen's body as she contemplated the bowl of
waste before her...she had no idea of what Tom was going to want her
to do with it, but she did know that it was not going to be pleasant.
Tom left her to her imagination as he went to gather up a few
supplies. Karen heard his footsteps moving about the playroom and
waited, wanting to close her eyes, to escape in some way and knowing
that she did not even dare. Tom reached down and shifted the slave a
bit, pushing her face nearly into the redolent bowl as he raised her
ass up. Karen struggled to keep her face out of the bowl and was
unable to stop the gasp of pain as Tom lubricated and then shoved a
large speculum deep into her asshole. She was almost grateful that she
was loose from the night before as he took little pains to make the
insertion easy. Her ass quaked as he spread the tangs of the speculum
wide and locked down the screw...it felt as if he had spread her
nearly 4 inches.. and she could feel the air moving into her bowels.
Tom pick up the bowl from in front of her and poured some of the piss
from it on her head...satisfied that he had just enough left for what
he wanted, he began to stir the waste into a paste. At last it was the
consistency he wanted and his hand gripped his bitches hair. Pulling
her head up he smiled as the girls eyes shut. "Open your mouth cunt"
Fear raced through the girl as she obediently opened for her Master,
he stomach knotted as she realized what he was going to do. Her
suspicions were correct. Tom scooped the paste of shit and piss up on
a rubber spatula and began to pack her mouth with it. Nausea as the
flavors spread through her mouth caused her to retch.. and he forced
her mouth shut. "Hold onto it bitch...Don't you dare fucking puke it
up." Karen struggled but finally succeeded in controlling her
stomach...it was no worse than when she had been punished for refusing
to suck Satyr. Tom packed her mouth full, and then forced a modified
brank into the slaves mouth. The stem of the brank went fully to the
back of her throat triggering her gag reflex, but there was no way she
would be able to swallow what now filled her mouth. She would have no
choice but to hold on to it. She would continue to taste the paste
until he decided otherwise...now onto the cunts ass. "Well my little
toilet...do you like the taste of your Masters shit?" Karen's groan of
fear, began the stirring in his groin. Tom pulled his cock out and
knelt behind the slut. Leaning forward Tom pressed the girls face
fully to the floor then he placed the head of his cock at the opening
of the speculum and began to fill her ass with his piss. A squeal of
horror escaped the brank as Karen flushed a deep crimson, this was
something he had never done to her before. She had learned to drink
his piss in her first week here, but now he was treating her as a
toilet, using her to store his shit, and as a urinal. Shaking the last
drops from his cock, onto her back he left the speculum in, enjoying
the pained sounds escaping around the metal gag. "Spill a drop of it
bitch and you will be beaten." Karen could feel the liquid moving in
her bowels and knew she dare not shift position, she would not let it
escape...she had been forced to hold enemas before...but this time she
gaped wide open. Tom took a grease pen and wrote words on harass...she
could not read them, but she could feel each letter as it was written
and groaned..U..R..I..N..A..L and he finished with an arrow pointing
straight towards her asshole. 

Tony knocked and entered the room..NuBaby crawling behind him. His
burst of laughter as he read the words written on Karen's ass drove
her mind into retreat. The girl flooded with shame. "Sir you have a
marvelous sense of the absurd." Tony approached the girl, and pointed
his cock into her ass. Karen had little choice but to kneel there as
he flooded her ass with more piss. Each burst of the stream seemed to
burn deep into her, taking her further down. "When she is full let me
know...she will need to be cleaned out." He turned to look at the
Amerasian girl huddled in the doorway. NuBaby could feel the portent
in his words and cringed. Tony looked at the brank in the girls mouth
and then over at Tom. "The little slut seemed hungry...so..I gave her
something to enjoy...a nice load of shit." Tony slapped his hand down
on the slave and laughed.

Time passed...and Karen served as her Master had decreed while her
Mistress slept...her guts cramped with the piss that filled them..she
thought she would never get the taste of shit, piss and metal out of
her mouth again. Misery traced every line of her body as she remained
where she had been placed. Mary rose...her body and mind
refreshed...it had been a long 24 hours, and the surgery had been
delicate. Showering quickly she dressed and went to check on chuck.
DebiJean was seated by the recovery gurney, asleep she had not let her
slaves side since he had awaken. chucks eyes opened when Mary
descended the stairs. Mary did not speak to the slave but checked the
bandages as chuck craned his head to watch...he was less disorientated
now and it was the first time he really had a chance to see what had
been done to him. His eyes searched as she removed the bandages...a
groan escaping him as he dropped back...there was nothing left...oh
the head...but he was worthless ...he would never make love again.
DebiJean stroked him....soothing him as he tried to come to grips with
the loss of 80% of his cock. "Shhhhh its ok...easy. easy...you are not
going anywhere and you did not need that in my service
anyway....quiet..." Slowly chuck turned his head towards his
Mistress..his eyes searching hers for the truth. What he saw in her
eyes confused and soothed him. Compassion lay therein, and an
honesty...she truly did not care that he had been all but un-manned,
had not healed after her first real use of him, only that he was alive
and safe and healing...somehow..it just didn't matter anymore that he
would never perform as a man for her...she was happy with him. "I
think that it would be safe to have chuck moved upstairs and you need
to get some rest....you look horrible DJ.. have you slept at
all..really rested?" "Not well, I couldn't while one of my slaves was
so ill...I will get some rest." tiredly Dj rose and petted her slave,
"I will see you upstairs," chuck turned his head to try and kiss his
Mistresses hand and watched her leave. Mary looked at the slave..."You
have an excellent owner there...earn her and make her proud of you."
chuck nodded...he would strive to please his Mistress everyday of
hisexistence. Mary turned away to prep the surgery area for Brandy and
to call Tony to move chuck. She would need the space.

Brandy had remained in the living room with her Master, Glen had been
reluctant to cage her... Both of them looked up as Tony
entered..."Miss is ready for you...do you want me to take her down."
Tony's eyes glinted with a hard spark that said he would enjoy forcing
the girl to the basement. "No..I will take her...it is her wish for
this surgery..she will not be difficult." Brandy could not hear the
exchange between the two men, but she could tell that Glen had replied
in the negative. She had not liked the gleam in Tony's eye's, having
seen NuBaby's condition she knew that being in his care would not be
pleasant. Glen rose and drew her to her feet, Brandy looked at her
lover, her owner, her fianc� and knew that it was time. Slowly she
nodded and proceeded him from the room. Brandy shivered as she entered
the basement surgical dungeon. She could see the tray of instruments
that Mary had laid out to use on her. Her eyes widened involuntarily
as she looked at the heavy bone saw, the various clamps, and suturing
material. The girls head spun in a wave of dizziness and nausea
gripped her belly. She had asked for this...she knew that it would
please her Master if she did it. This was the first time she had been
permitted to stand in two weeks, and having her legs constantly
dragging behind her was annoying. Trembling she turned and raised her
face to Glen, kissing him then holding her head high approached Mary
and the table. With as much dignity as she could muster, she undid her
dress with trembling fingers and removed it, folding it before handing
it to Glen. Her pert breasts bobbled as she hopped up onto the table
and with as much resolve as she could muster laid back upon it. Mary
was impressed, and looked over at Glen. Apparently the girl truly
meant her request, she would make the sacrifice as meaningful as she
could for them both. Mary turned and went to the cabinets. She would
change the anesthetic she had intended to use, instead of knocking the
girl out, she would permit her to participate in the amputation.
Brandy's eyes teared when she saw the size of the needle that Mary
returned with. This was going to hurt...she just knew it. "Turn over
on your left side dear....now..raise your right knee level with your
hips...that's it...this is going to hurt, but afterwards there will be
no pain." Mary ran 10 cc.'s of lidocaine into the flesh around
Brandy's lower spine, it would not deaden the nerves completely but
would keep the pain at a level the girl could handle. She needed to
remain extremely still. When Brandy did not react to the pinching of
her flesh, Mary knew she was ready, carefully she searched out the
separation between the vertebrae, then forced the spinal needle
through the flesh and between the bones. Probing deep she felt for the
"pop" that would mean she had entered the spinal membrane, and drew
back a bit of the spinal fluid, just enough to make room for the
anesthesia without lowering the pressure to greatly. Withdrawing the
vial of fluid she inserted the anethesia..administering the spinal
block. 

Glen kept his eyes focused on Brandy's face, his left handholding hers
tightly against the pain and his right stroking her hair and
collecting the tears that ran down her soft cheek. Mary waited for the
block to begin working, she knew it would take about 4 minutes. She
watched as Brandy's legs began to droop, no longer in her control, and
knew it was time. Carefully she and Glen rolled the girl back over and
arranged her, lifting the head board of the table so that Brandy could
see when she looked down. Mary would not bother with a sterile drape,
but painted the thighs and knees of the girl liberally with betadine
after scrubbing them. She left Glen to hold the slave as she went to
scrub up and glove. Starting an IV, Mary nodded that she was ready.
Picking up a grease pencil Mary began by tracing the areas that she
would section out for flaps, she wanted to give Brandy a good set of
pads. Carefully she followed the line with Novocain, deadening the
flesh further. Glen held Brandy steady and stroked her hair, he knew
she was scared, he was as well but could not let her know that. He
knew the sacrifice she was making for him, valued it, beyond almost
anything else she could have offered. Brandy swallowed hard as Mary
picked up the scalpel and began to cut away the flesh of her legs. She
could feel little save the pressure, but she was not used to seeing
her own blood welling out of the cuts. A blazing headache had started
at the back of her head, but it took second place to what was
happening to her lower body. Mary raised the flaps back and clamping
off the bleeders with hemostats, draped them with sterile saline
sponges to keep the flesh moist while she worked. Brandy grew nauseous
as the white of her kneecaps and the muscles were exposed, and closed
her eyes leaning into the touch of her owner. His quiet soothing touch
gave her strength to draw on and she was able to look again in a few
minutes. This time Mary had the bone saw in her hands, having
resection out the tendons that controlled the flexibility of the knees
and one of the thick muscles to form a protective pad for the knee
cap. A flick of the switch and the blade began to vibrate, moving at a
speed that made it seem nearly still. Carefully she edged it down,
cutting through meat and bone with a high pitched whine. The heat of
the blade as it cut its way through the bone sealed the thousands of
capillaries and veins, releasing a burned smell into the air. Brandy
watched as her left leg fell away, held only by a thin strand of
muscle which Mary cut. Picking up the discarded limb Mary dropped it
into a bucket on the floor for disposal later. Quickly she took care
of the bleeders, stitching them shut with a fine self dissolving
suture. Tying off the arteries and carefully pulling the flap of skin
over the open wound she tacked it in place. Full suturing would take
place when she finished with the other leg. Her eyes glanced up at the
girl and judged her a bit too pale. "Glen increase the drip on the IV,
just turn that little knob...thanks...now on the tray is a hypo, push
the fluid into the IV line....that's it slowly...slowly....good."
Glens hands shook as he followed instructions, but Mary seemed
satisfied. Brandy's color picked up, though a dreamy look had entered
her eyes. The cocktail that Mary had Glen give her contained morphine,
and a mild stimulant, it would bolster her blood pressure and help her
handle the shock both physically and mentally of the amputations.
Picking up the saw again Mary quickly severed the other leg just below
the knee. All that was left was to close now. Glen focused on his
slave, holding and comforting her, soothing her fears as Mary worked
at shaping the muscle and attaching it, then carefully stitch by
stitch closed the flap of skin over the flesh. She used the finest
silk she had, taking thousands of stitches, the girl would bear the
scars of the amputation but Mary wanted them to be minimal. Finally
she was finished and packing the stumps with antibiotic gel, bandaged
them. "You did beautifully dear, such a good slave, your Master should
be very proud of you." "I am...it is the best gift she could have
given me, besides her hand in marriage. "Brandy could not hear the
praise, but she could read Mary's lips through the drug haze, and see
the smile on the woman's face. She looked up at her Master and then
down toward the white bandages where her legs used to be. A gentle
tear traced its way down her cheek as she struggled to reach her
Master and draw his face near. "She is going to need rest, and the
block should wear off in another 20minutes. I am going to give her a
tranquilizer, I want her to sleep a bit, and then she will be in a
wheelchair for about 2 weeks, Once I can removed the stitches...then
she can walk on them for about an hour a day. You can increase the
time she crawls a little more each day, but don't let her over do it,
the pads need to toughen up a bit." "Thank you Mary, mind if I stay
with her?" "Not at all...there's a chair over there, make yourself
comfortable. Tony will be down to clean up shortly. "Mary stripped off
the gloves and surgical scrubs, preparing to go back upstairs. She had
not seen her husband or her slave most of the day, and she needed to
eat something. As she ascended the stairs she turned and looked back.
Glen was holding his slave close, his lips brushing over her face as
she drifted into sleep. She nodded to herself and continued on her
way.........




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

65. So Now I'm Praying For The End Of Time

Mercie watched the silent woman as she loaded her stuff into a car.
She had very little with her and the woman seemed to be traveling
light. The situation was a bit frightening to her. She had spent the
night in the woman's arms, her first taste of sex with a woman, and it
had been new, frightening, painful, but somehow...exciting and
delicious as well. Her head turned to look back at the tent that she
had shared with Skruffy...he was standing in the doorway, looking down
at the sheath of travelers checks in his hands. It had all happened
way to fast for either of them to comprehend...one minute she had
belonged to Skruffy the next she had changed owners. Duggan finished
loading the car and escorted the quiet girl around to the front
passenger seat. Once she made sure that the girl was fastened in, she
approached the drivers seat and started the car. Nothing had been said
between them since Duggan had ordered her to get her things together.
Silence prevailed as she steered the car out of the parking lot and
the park , back onto the freeway. Mercie tried to watch both the woman
driving and the road, she had no idea where she was going and her
fate, she only prayed that the woman would be a more considerate Owner
of her, recognizing her fears and not using them against her. Duggan
said nothing, concentrating on the traffic. She was not comfortable in
American cars and the traffic kept her attention focused fully. She
had been impulsive in the purchase of the slave, spending far more
than she would have normally, but she had not liked the way the man
was treating her. She could see and taste the fear in the girl, her
blood had been tart with a copper tang of adrenaline last night. Now
she was not quite sure what she was going to do wit her. She would
need to get her a passport and possibly a visa...or maybe....Duggan
took a moment to glance at the girl....yes...it could be
arranged...she would smuggle her into England, no trace, no I.D., she
would not try to escape and no one would find her if they were
looking. She steered carefully as they entered the city of LA and
turned towards her hotel.

Gene carefully measured out the mix of oatmeal and ground beef, adding
a bit of honey to the mix before sprinkling in a dose of Zoloft ground
to powder. He knew that all of the fight had not gone out of Grimli,
and did not intend to break the slaves spirit, but he had to learn to
be obedient. Neither he nor Eisanna were into having to constantly
fight a slave every step of the way...and to sell him off to a brutal
Owner would be a waste of prime slave flesh. The Zoloft would do
little more than even out his mood, make him a bit more tractable.
Setting the feed bag down to cool, Gene checked the suspension
harness....everything up to snuff, he turned and went back for the
slave. Grimli lay in the cool dirt where he had been left. Hobbled and
chained there was little he could have done to escape and the dirt
felt good against his sunburned flesh. Snapping a lead to the cock
ring, Gene unhobbled his feet and tapped his dark red flesh with the
whip to get him moving and on his feet. With a glare from his storm
grey eyes, grimli lurched to his feet. He thought about trying to yank
the lead from Genes hands and make a run for it, but the stiffness and
weakness of his muscles told him he would not get far. It was an angry
and sullen slave that followed Gene into the barn. Gene led the slave
to the stall he had prepared and Grimli got the first look at the
harness that awaited him. NO!!!!!!!...despite the lead to his cock he
lunged backwards only to be met with excruciating pain that brought
him to his knees . Gene sighed and applied the tip of the whip,
rebellion would not be tolerated. With careful pulls on the lead and
snaps of the whip to the burned flesh Gene drove Grimli into the
stall. There was no escape for the man. Snagging the lead to a high
hook, that kept Grimli struggling on his toes to keep from tearing his
cock, Gene began to fasten the suspension harness in place. Soon
Grimli found him self bound, his hands freed of his cock but secured
instead to rings set in the floor. It was the work of moments to raise
the slave until his body swung free facing down, the bonds on his
wrists taut. Grimli still had his legs and he intended to use them, he
was not happy about his position and the leather harness chaffed at
the sunburned flesh. Gene was prepared though, he knew the slave would
kick and grabbed the foot as it tried to connect with his flesh.
Powerful arms brought the leg under control as he fastened a manacle
to it. Dropping the leg he secured it wide to the corner of the stall
and stepping over the chain nailed the other leg before Grimli could
respond. Secured, Grimli was helpless...he could buck in the harness
but the only one he hurt was himself. Gene picked up the feed bucket
and his favorite riding crop. "Now we can do this the easy way or the
hard way, it doesn't matter to me." Gene faced the glare from the
slave calmly. His hand dipping into the food and offering it to the
bitted mouth. Grimli pressed his lips stubbornly together...he wanted
the food...his stomach demanded it, it had been two days since he had
last eaten, but he was not going to eat from the mans hand. Gene shook
his head and slashed out with the crop slicing under grimli to hit the
dangling cock. Pain flared...searing the head of the newly pierced
flesh and Grimli retched, his mouth opening in a cry of pain, Gene
forced the food into his mouth. Rebellion struck again as Grimli
forced the food to spill from his mouth to the stall floor. He was not
going to make it that easy. Gene sighed and turned to pick up a black
hose. Grimli did not know what he was going to do with the hose, but
steeled himself for anything. Gene was determined...this battle was
going to end here and now. A clamp from his pocket took care of
Grimli's nose, tears springing to the slaves eyes in response to the
pain. Swiftly Gene unhooked the bit from the bridle...he would need
the clearance in the slaves mouth. Grimli promptly clenched his teeth
and breathed through his lips. Wrapping the reins tight about the
slaves throat Gene applied his weight, pulling them tighter and
tighter until Grimli was gasping for air, his face turning a dusky
blue. Soon the slaves mouth was wide open, his eyes bulging as he
struggled for air. Gene secured the reins and greased the hose,
forcing it between the slaves teeth to the back of his throat. One
handed he released the pressure on the rein and Grimli inhaled deep,
his lungs gulping for air, It was what Gene had waited for, as Grimli
sucked air into his lungs, Gene fed the hose down his throat,
carefully easing it in to the gullet. A roll of tape secured it to the
mans mouth and head and Gene released the clamp from his nose. "I told
you it was up to you..." Pushing a funnel into the end of the short
hose, Gene began to force the food down Grimli's throat. Gene added
water to the funnel to make the food wash down easier, and looking at
the rage in the slave, added another two doses of the Zoloft....for
his body weight, it would make him tranquil without over-dosing him.
He had hosed the slave down outside but now it was time to groom him
with the feeding done. Smoothly and efficiently he washed the slave
down again, sparing no part of his body. Running the hose into the
spread ass cheeks he forced the cold water high into the male and
allowed it to flush out the waste within to splash into the straw
below. He would leave the slave to handle his own liquid waste. Gene
well knew that one of the actions of the Zoloft was a loosening of the
bowels, and grinned as he forced a wide retaining plug into the males
ass.....Grimli's grunts of pain and protest did not slow his hand at
all. Gene was tired, but he could not allow the finishing touches to
go undone...it would not be fair to the slave to not complete the
lesson. Leaving the stall for a moment he returned bearing several
small weights and added them to the cock chain drawing cock and balls
painfully downward. Grimli squealed as his genitals were weighted, but
the Zoloft was already beginning to take effect. gene picked up the
whip again and began to methodically welt the slaves ass and back, his
aim accurate as he laid each welt along side the other on the
sunburned flesh. Carefully he whipped the inner thighs, the slave
first bucking in pain until the weights began to dance and swing, and
then forced himself to remain still no matter how bad the whip bit
into his flesh. Grimli's hands were the only things to move as his
back, ass and thighs were laid into by the whip, clenching and
unclenching until Gene was satisfied that he would remember the cost
of rebellion. Propping the whip in the corner, he left the slave to
hang during the night, and turned off the light. He did not see the
tears that welled up as he left, but Grimli allowed them to flow...he
had not meant to rebel, but had been startled awake, he did not
understand his own stubbornness that forced him to continue with the
actions...and wished he could control that streak. Miserable he fell
into a fitful sleep, the Zoloft working it's magic and pulling him
under to rest.

Rabidchia could see the exhaustion in her Mistress' face and body. She
had awakened refreshed to find her Miss gone, but figured that the
smartest thing she could do was wait where she had been left. Her body
still hurt deliciously and she had languished on the bed until DJ's
return. Quickly she rose and prepared a bath for DebiJean, urging her
Mistress into it to soak in the hot water. It was with tender care
that she bathed her, gently teasing the muscles into relaxing. A soft
sigh escaped DJ's lips as the girl ran the sponge over her flesh, this
was why she had slaves...not just for the torment of their flesh, but
also the sweetness of their care and love. Her mind turned back to
chuck...he had taken a lot for her in the short time she had owned
him, been stitched, whipped, dressed as a woman and forced into the
trunk of her car, anally raped in the men's room of a rest
stop...skinned and now un-manned. He was property, but still she was
amazed at the devotion in his eyes as she had comforted him, told him
that the loss did not matter. It constantly puzzled her, the devotion
of a slave who under any other circumstance save in this lifestyle
would be considered an abused human being. They would undergo almost
any pain..for just a kind touch. Her eyes sought Rabidchias
face...even this girl, who had come to her not as a purchase but as a
willing victim would go through hell, suffer any torment, and comeback
always wanting more, giving more. DebiJean found herself feeling
honored that so much was given her by her slaves, willingly.
Exhaustion still possessed her as she rose from the tub and allowed
Chia to dry her off. Weary she made it to the bed to lay down. Chuck
would sleep for a while and she would want to be there when he woke up
again, but she had to rest, she was drained. Gently chia eased her
Mistress to the pillows and picked up a bottle of sweet almond oil.
With reverence she began to massage the oils into her Mistress' flesh,
teasing the fatigue from the flesh of the woman she loved. As DebiJean
yielded to the touch and began to relax, chia brought her mouth to her
Mistresses flesh kissing and working her way lower until DJ began to
moan softly, her legs parting. Chia smiled...normally she would never
be so bold, but she could see how much her Miss needed this. Parting
the sweet flesh she began to lick and tease the tender walls and clit,
not seeking the grinding orgasm from her Miss that she normally would
but the slow shudder of gentle release. Her tongue delved deep into
the flesh, teasing forth the sweet musky flow of her Miss' nectar and
raced back to the tempting lit above. Each move slowly pulling her
nearer to passive surrender to the girls tongue, DebiJean was warmed
by the feeling of love and care she found in this slave. All too soon
that familiar warmth shuddered its way through her flesh, flooding the
girls probing tongue and lips as she came. Gently chia licked her Miss
dry and crawled up to lay beside her as she began to drift into sleep,
holding her gently against her breast. She would wait until DebiJean
was fully asleep and then rise...she knew her Miss would be hungry
when she awoke, and no one was going to prepare food for her save her
slave. She looked down at the head resting and snoring gently....this
was what it was about for her, service given in love......

Karen wept as she knelt on the floor, her mind and body had been in
torment most of the night and now day, with her asshole held open by
the speculum, each of the men had used it as a urinal, filling it
until it began to dribble from her ass and pool on the floor. She had
no way to clench shut, and knew that she would be punished for her
failure to hold as much as she was given. She could barely remember
anything save the flavor of the shit and piss paste that packed her
mouth, pressed and held in by the brank. Tom smiled down at the sight
of the slave, he so enjoyed her failure and humiliation. His hand
stroked his cock...he knew that the girl did not know he was watching
her and took a deep breath. "BITCH!!!! LOOK AT THE MESS
YOUMADE...Little Slut...Can't You Do Anything Right?!?!?!?!" Karen
jumped at the bellow from her Master, spilling even more from her ass,
desperately she tried to convey her shame, only to spill even more.
Tom smiled it was exactly the response he wanted from her. 

Tony had heard the bellow and knew that it was time...Nubaby cringed
as he unhooked her from the cart and drag, led her to the play room,
she knew what was coming. Tony leaned down and unhooked Nu's tongue
from her nipple rings..."Clean the cunt out slut...and make it fast.
Don't keep Master Tom waiting." NuBaby crawled over without protest,
her tongue was parched, and this task would be less painful or odious
if done quickly. She knew that she would do it one way or the other,
and that her owner was perfectly capable of hurting her until she did
it whether she wanted to or not. With a whimper she placed her mouth
over the speculum and tried to sip. Neither Tom or Tony intended the
sluts to have this easy...Tom grabbed Karen's head and yanked it back
forcing her to kneel up as Tony pushed Nu into the piss pooled on the
floor and kicked her over. Karen's ass now vertical, poured its
contents into Nubaby's mouth, forcing the girl to swallow quickly
before it spilled out or she drowned. The warm piss washed over Nu's
tongue as Karen covered her face. Soon she was empty, the last drops
dripping into the amerasians mouth. Tom undid the brank pulling it
from her mouth, there was little of the noxious paste remaining most
had dissolved during the day and flushed down her throat as she
swallowed, But he forced her to licked the metal clean. Tears seeped
from Karen's eyes as she licked and brought a smile to Toms face. The
men then ordered the slaves to clean the floor, both girls licking up
the cold pooled piss as their owners stood over them. Tom smiled he
had one last thing he wanted to do to his slut before she was
rewarded. Nudging her over onto her back he kicked her legs apart. At
a nod from him Tony set Nubaby to servicing the girl, the ring in her
tongue painfully licking over the rings in Karen's cunt and snagging
them. Slowly the slave yielded to the touch, her cunt grinding back,
uncaring as the pain and pleasure Mixed. "What are you slut?" Karen's
rusty voice stammered and finally croaked out..."yyyyouuur sllave"
"And what were you today? What did you eat?""Youuur shit
MMastter..yyour ttttoilet." Karen's body writhed in the clutches of
Nu's tongue, so close to cumming, but the permission was not there,
the need burning her flesh, but blocked....Tom undid his pants..."and
knelt on the floor straddling the slaves head..."What do you want
slut...if you want to cum you will beg me for something.." He waited,
his bowels already pressing downwards..."Karen's mind roiled away from
it, but she needed to cum so badly, wanted to please him no matter
what...to make up for failing..."Pppplease Maaster...uuse meaaaaass
your shit slut..." tears raced down her cheeks her groin grinding hard
against NuBabys mouth in desperation. "Good girl...good girl....open
wide and cum for me when your mouth is full." karens mouth opened
wide, her mind retreating into the sensations below to avoid the
thought of what was coming. She did not think she would be able to
cum, if he did this, until the first warm mass forced it's way into
her mouth and her body rocked with the force of her cum....NuBaby held
onto the bucking hips for dear life, as Karen faded into oblivion."
My, My My....that was quite a performance Tom...very good." Mary stood
in the doorway clapping....she was proud of the slave they owned...and
of her husbands success in training her to this use.




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

66. A Bargain

Fx took great pains with Dude this morning, his eyes pained. Dude
tried to search Fx's face for some knowledge of what was to happen,
but could only see that the man was disturbed. Though Dudes back was
still a bit raw and had to be covered in places with bandages, he was
dressed by FX in clothes to go out. FX fitted him with his locking
chastity belt, then a custom made pair of pants and silk shirt,
leaving it open above the navel. Stepping back he looked at the effect
the clothes had on the slaves body. Yes ..it would do nicely. A pair
of suede shoes and the chain mail collar from Strangeblades completed
the ensemble. Dude tried asking him where they were going, but FX
would only look at him with that sad look in his eyes and say nothing.
Stepping behind Dude FX cuffed his hands together and chained the
cuffs to the collar...hooking the chain over a hook he turned and went
to dress himself. Dapper in his Armani suit, he led Dude to the car
and settled him inside. FX looked at the young slave, his heart
breaking, but knew it was for the best. An afterthought sent him back
to the house for a pair of blindfold sunglasses. Hakeem's rules were
that no slave would know where the auction house was...Carefully he
placed the wrap around glasses on Dude, robbing him of his sight. The
inside of the glasses were padded with cotton, no one looking at Dude
as they drove would know he could not see. Sadly he started the car
and turned it north to the freeway. The trip took all of 2 hours,
though Dude could not see where they were going and FX would not
answer his questions, he could feel the twists and turns as the car
maneuvered through traffic and onto the side streets. His stomach
knotted up...where was he going...why was he cuffed and
blindfolded....FX has said that he would sell him, had he found
buyers?...sight unseen??? The car stopped and then started again..and
Dude could hear the barking of dogs being left behind. They sounded
enormous...and vicious. A chill raced down his spine. At long last the
car pulled to a stop and FX turned the engine off. 

He looked at the Mansion before him, a Wright design it was stark but
strangely beautiful, fitting into the surrounding area without
intruding. No one would know that it belonged to an Arab Oil Baron
whose mundane life included dabbling in the movie industry and whose
private pleasure was the procurement, training and sale of human
slaves. The high stonewalls and trees hid much of what was going on in
the compound, so much of it underground, nearly 100 acres separating
him from his nearest neighbors. FX waited in the car with Dude for
Hakeem's man to come and escort them into the mansion. He watched the
trained Dobermans and Shepherd's dancing around the car, teeth
flashing as they leaped at the windows. Ra exited the house and
approached the car...the dogs dashing off to look for other prey as he
approached the car. FX's eyes took in the large golden musculature of
the major domo of the house, the gray eyes, overshadowed by hair so
black it hurt. Ra opened the door for FX and bowed slightly to him
before going around and pulling Dude from the car. "Hey...let
go...Master where are we..please what is going on...tell me!!!!" Dude
struggled against the cuffs and Ra, frightened, but Ra handled him as
easily as a baby. Barely noticing the frantic struggles of the slave,
Ra forced him up the wide stairs and into the house. FX followed
chewing his lip....now that it had come to it...he was not sure he was
doing the right thing. Ra released Dude when FX  turned to the
frightened slave, murmuring soft words trying to ease his
fears..."It's ok...I know you are scared..but you are also unhappy in
my care...I'm sorry...shhhhhhh it's alright....you are going to your
new owners from here...your going to be ok." 

Dude tried to draw some comfort from the words but found none. all he
had to cling to was FX's assurances that he would find him an owner
that would treat him well. Nodding at Ra who stood impassively by
waiting, FX took up Dudes' leash and led him behind the silent man
into the reception room. Finally Dudes eyes were uncovered to take in
the room. Austere, it held an iron cage on wheels, a post with cuffs
and a dais. Dude was forced to the pole to face it, and his hands
swiftly uncuffed and re-attached to the overhead chains. He had not
been more than an annoyance to Ra as he fought to remain free. His
eyes were drawn to the dais and the largest man he had ever seen,
reclining upon it. Dressed in ceremonial Arab robes, the mans face was
masked under his burnoose. Dude could not see the mans face, but he
could feel the eyes that blazed forth from behind the mask examining
him, coveting his flesh as Ra cut away his clothing. Heaving his bulk
upwards Hakeem approached the terrified slave. Ra knew what Hakeem
would want and gripped the slaves head yanking it back. Dudes mouth
opened in a scream
"MMMMMMMMAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSTTEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRR" only to
have Ra grip the chastity belts cod piece and squeeze. As he gasped
for air against the pain, Hakeem explored his mouth with his fingers,
checking his teeth. Dude gagged as the fat fingers were forced down
into his throat, but with Ra's hand holding his head there was no way
he could reject them. Hakeem ran his hands over the slave's flesh,
testing the muscles beneath, then waited as Ra removed the chastity
belt before manhandling the tender globes and cock. Fx watched as his
slave was examined from head to toe, wincing as Dudes legs were pulled
back and his ass roughly probed. Finally Hakeem was satisfied, and
nodded. The slave was damaged, but healing, he would accept
consignment of him. Dude hung from the cuffs, his flesh crawling with
the feel of Hakeem's hands still, his anus distended from the probing
of it with 4 fat fingers. He had never felt like a slave in FX's
care...not like here, where he was little more than a piece of meat.
Slowly it dawned on him that this was not his final destination and he
thanked his stars for that. "Take him below and make sure he is
"comfortable"" Dudes scream as he was released and hoisted up on Ra's
shoulder tore through FX's heart. Sadly he watched his slave carried
away. 

"Now we have a bit of business to conduct and then I will show you
some of the merchandise I have for sale." Hakeem settled back upon the
dais...and offered FX the papers to fill out. They were the standard
form....name of slave...next to it a stock number starting with
M.,age, body mods, years of training, uses to which put, skills,
relatives (yes or no), bottom price. Taking a deep breath FX filled in
the blanks, he was tempted to pump up Dudes skills and willingness a
bit, but decided that honesty would bring the slave less pain in the
long run. With a heavy heart he initialed the bottom line, no names
were ever used. Taking a last look at the papers, he handed them over
to Hakeem. "Good, Good, don't worry my friend I will make sure that he
finds a good home....Now...how about a little refreshment and
then...you can shop at your leisure." Hakeem reached over and gripped
bell pull yanking on it once. Almost immediately the door opened and a
slave entered the room bearing a tray with coffee and sweetmeats upon
it. FX reclined on the dais as the young Nubian male approached to
kneel. His eyes took in the youth of the slave..no more than 20,his
dark chocolate skin glistening with oils, his young heavy cock pierced
and chained to his hands, pulled painfully as he served the coffee to
guest first and then his Master. Hakeem smiled as he watched FX's
reaction to the slave, and nodded...he now knew which merchandise
would tempt this buyer. "You have a fine eye friend...this one is a
personal slave of mine...mouth as soft as a rose petal and as trained
as a houris....kesim..turn around so that our guest can see you
properly." The slave set the tray down and turned in place on his
knees...with quivering flesh he bent his head to the floor his tight
ass spreading wide to reveal the distended asshole filled with a
stretcher plug, the base protruding through the tight ring nearly 5
inches around. "That plug is 10 inches long" Hakeem reached out his
foot and fucked the plug into the slaves ass..listening to the groans
of pain and hunger from the slave. FX shifted uncomfortable, his pants
seeming too tight all of a sudden. Hakeem laughed.."kesim see to my
guests needs" Immediately the slave spun and crawled to FX, his hands
reaching for his zipper and lowering it. With tenderness he eased FX's
cock from his pants and looked up, the young beautiful face glancing
up at him, and then dropping the heavily lashed eyes, lowered his
mouth to touch only the eye of FX's cock with his tongue. Butter-soft
flicks teased the pre-cum from him, sending shivers down his spine as
the mouth gently drew him inwards. The warm wet cavern of the slaves
mouth welcomed him, drawing him to the back of his throat as the hands
of the slave cupped his balls, milking them gently. The coffee cup
rattled slightly in his hands as the skilled young slave, reminded him
of the joys of a slave who truly enjoyed his service. Something he had
not felt from Dude in a long time. The hot young tongue swirled in
motion around the cock as the mouth corkscrewed in the opposite
direction and moved back and forth as well. He could see the slaves
ass forcing the plug deep into his own ass with his heels and knew
that the slave too found pain and pleasure as he served. It had been
too long since FX had felt such pleasure and his hand soon gripped the
shaved head of the slave to force his cock deep into his mouth,
throbbing and swelling as he prepared to flood the hungry milking
mouth. Coffee forgotten on the dais beside him, He thrust a final time
deep in the slaves mouth, flooding it, filling it with his hot cum,
his balls churning in pleasure as the slave swallowed and licked at
him drawing the last of it from his cock. Slowly kasim leaned back,
his tongue cleaning the cock before him and then licking his lips like
a sleek dark cat, his eyes soft and gentle with a glow of bedroom
pleasures. "You..were right Hakeem....he is a special slave" FX slowly
regained his composer. "No he is not...just a well trained one. When
you have recovered we will go and take a look at the merchandise" FX
smiled and sipped at his coffee....if there was a slave for
him...Hakeem would probably have it.

Lovelylady looked at LAGaurdian...her eyes exploring his face. They
had done nothing since he had purchased her and she was beginning to
wonder if he had purchased her just to rescue her. She had been
bathed, her wounds cared for and forced to rest, his hands firm, his
voice soft, but he was definitely in charge. Her eyes glanced back to
his face and dropped startled to find him looking at her. He had not
told her he could not, but still... LAG leaned up on one elbow and
looked at the pretty slave laying next to him. She seemed a bit
brighter, and well rested...yes...it was time. Rising from the bed LAG
looked down at the slave. "Belly" the word was spoken softly, but
firmly..lovely had no hesitation but rolled immediately to her stomach
to lay quiet. LAG turned to his bag and removed two pairs of cuffs on
long chains. Swiftly he threaded them under the bed and secured the
slave. Between the size of the bed and the petite form of his property
the cuffs held her splayed wide open. He could see the strain on
wrists and ankles as she was nearly suspended from the tension. He
patted her ass and left her laying there as he went into the bathroom.
She could hear the sounds of him freshening up, but despite her
contortions was unable to see him. She was appalled when he left the
room, closing the door behind him, suddenly shaking as she realized
just how helpless she was, how little she knew of what to expect from
him. LAG moved quickly down the stairs to the kitchen, he did not want
to leave her long...only long enough for the doubt and fear to work on
her. She had been a pony girl, but her role would now change to suit
him. Reliance on what she knew would have to be broken, she would have
to become fully dependant upon him, his desires for her flesh..and the
first step was to un-nerve her. Not to give her what she expected, and
to keep her off balance. He would need food to help in this....and her
pain. Rapidly he gathered up the fixings for a light meal, bread,
cheese, cold cuts and drink and placed them on a tray. Carrying it, he
entered the living room and put it on a table while he went through
his music bag. Discarding tape after tape he finally found the one he
was looking for...soft music in the beginning to warm her up and relax
her...then heavy, primitive sounds to draw her deep, returning to a
soft jazz to cool her down. Finally he was ready, and picking up the
tray went back up to the room. Lovely lay where he had left her...the
burn in her shoulders and thighs from the bondage making her moan
softly. She had been exposed before, but somehow, this Owner, and the
way he had bound her made her feel vulnerable as the soft tissues of
her privates lay open to the cool room air. Struggle as she might, she
could not close her legs even a millimeter, only succeeding in rubbing
her clit against through cover of the bed. She froze as the bedroom
door opened, and could feel LAG's eyes taking in the results of her
struggle. He smiled, the slave was soaking wet, and placing the tray
upon the bed probed the pink folds of her flesh. His thick fingers
milked her clit, teasing it to swelling and leaking sweet fluids from
within her. Lovely tried, tensing, trying to control herself to not
give in so easily, and was chagrined to hear a groan of hunger escape
her lips as his fingers left her trembling on the edge. A deep blush
of shame raced over her flesh as he stopped and offered his fingers to
her mouth. Reluctantly, she opened and sucked them clean, confused by
the way he took such charge of her body. EvilKath had owned her, made
her into what she wanted her to be, but never had she yielded so
easily...it was under her own terms, her own drive to be the best at
whatever was decided for her that made her the special pony she was.
LAg rose and put on the music and the soft strains of Enya filled the
room. He looked at the flesh open before him, and wanted to do nothing
more that plunge into it, possess it, explore it...but he knew that if
he did..if he did not keep tight controls on himself...he would be as
much her slave as she was his. He needed to mold her first, that she
never know just how much he wanted her. His eyes sought his bag, and
he selected a heavy whip from within. Made of masons thread it hung in
his hands nearly 3 lbs in weight. Slowly he walked around behind the
girl, swinging it, readying it, and struck. The deep THUD as it
wrapped her flesh, made lovely jump, but it was not pain, only a
warming of her flesh and between the music and the Thuds began to
relax into it. This was not so bad..it was not painful...but...she
began to realize the trap in it. For each blow ground her clit to the
bed, drew her mind back with it, waiting for the next one...the music
soothing and easing her mind into the rhythm. LAG smiled...she would
be ready for the next instrument soon....and so would he.... 




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

67. It's The End of the World 

Lovely's body shuddered with each blow, each sensuous thud pushed her
closer and closer to yielding the will that had brought her in first
in the race against a trained pony girl. LAGuardian watched her face,
her body, as they slowly opened to him, revealing the soft, hungry
slave within to his thirsty eyes. Not a sound was heard in the room,
save for the ever changing music, each melody building upon the last.
As the slaves body rose and fell with the flame, he pulled a triple
clamp from his pocket, and before the girl could even utter a protest,
clamped her clit, leading the chains up her sides to her nipples. The
intensity of the clovers pinching off her flesh backed her down a
couple of steps, but again the flame met her back, teasing her flesh
until all to soon she was mindlessly grinding the clover clamp into
the bed, tormenting her own clit and nipples, sooooo close to Cumming,
but blocked. She never heard him reach for the dressage whip, as he
followed the last blow of the flame with the sharp snap of the whip.
Pain lanced through her flesh, raced along the firing nerves and
escaped her mouth in a low call of pain. So smoothly had the
transition gone, that her body accepted the pain, fed on it and
welcomed it. Each flick of his wrist laid a welted line behind it,
marking her body and soul deeply. Each snap laid the lines down her
back, across her ass. A flick here and her back rose in livid red, a
snap there, and the tanned smooth flesh of her thighs burst in red bas
relief. Ever faster, her clit gouged the clamp into the bed, her body
rising and falling in rhythm to the whips bite. Again he watched for
the signs of her imminent orgasm, seeing the petals of her mons flower
open, wet and swollen, her face take on that wondrous look of urgency,
and changed weapons, picking up a crop and laying its tang into the
very heart of her sex. Lovely nearly launched from the bed despite the
chains. Each blow fell precisely, ripping across anus and clit, nearly
snapping the clover clamp from her clit. A keen of pure agony ripped
from her throat as  her core explored in knotted pain. LAGuardian,
closed his eyes for just a second, allowing the song of pain to blend
with the music, drinking it in, savoring it, then opened them to lay
the crop across her ass, down her thighs, landing blows across every
inch of her back to her feet , the tenderest of arched soles and back
again to her agonized cunt. Nothing in reach escaped the crops touch
of pain, not breast, arms, back, nothing..and lovely writhed in agony,
her mons racing, trying to anticipate the next fall of the crop, the
next point of pain, and failing, accepted it. He watched as she
stopped fighting the bonds, stopped anticipating and taking the pain,
but began to accept and give it back to him. Watched as tears sprang
unbidden to her eyes, her body yielding the control of itself to him,
her mind, trembling on the edge of sub-space. and knew...once she had
tasted it, once she had entered it as his bidding, she would be his
fully. Again his arm fell, the crop a metronome of pain, lancing,
biting deep into her cunt, again the clover clamps ate into her flesh
pressed against the bed, and deeper her mind fell, seduced by the raw
sensations, yielding all that it was to him, until with a final
blow..she fell..her mind lost in the pure world of pain and pleasure
combined, and her soul opened to him for his feasting. With a groan,
he dropped the crop and entered his slaves' flesh.....HIS slave.

Slowly Karen came around, a sense of suffocation bringing her awake
with a start. she could taste the waste that her Master had deposited
in her mouth and was happy that she had neither swallowed nor choked
on it, when she passed out. Tom petted the slave and allowed her to
deposit it in the bowl that had held the paste... He continued to hold
her head as her stomach rebelled from the night and days tribulations.
Flushed with shame, Karen lay weakly in his lap as her Mistress
approached. She knew...just knew that she had failed them, that her
flesh had been too weak even though her mind and soul were willing.
Trembling with fear she was startled at her Mistress' gentle touch and
the care with which she turned the slave over to check her. "You have
tried so hard....such a good slave...so good." Mary's fingers traced
the brand still livid on the girls chest... "you are everything we
have ever wanted." Karen's mind crawled over each test each torment
she had been put through, and the rewards she had received for it. Oh
not monetary like she would have received at work...god how strange
that word seemed to her now...another life she vaguely
remembered..going through each day like a zombi..hungry for things she
did not understand...each day the same. But instead, praise, strokes
that told her she was valued, words that made her shiver in their
intensity, orgasms that were beyond anything she had ever known. Yes
there were trade-offs, she had been branded, fisted, fed a diet of dog
food and piss, been made to debase herself in every way from fucking
animals to multiple men, she would never marry, never have children...
but for some reason that no longer mattered...only pleasing them did.
Her slavery would never be easy..not to them...she knew that... Karen
looked up at her owners, avoiding their faces but still seeking some
vision of them...she was surprised to know how contented she really
way...how loved she felt and smiled. Mary and Tom wrapped themselves
around the slave...they would never tell her..but she made their lives
complete.

Mercie sat in the opulent hotel room and watched as Duggan made a
series of phone calls. first had come the transfer of the balance of
her slave price...then several calls back and forth to England. Duggan
moved her to the bathroom to wait as something was delivered to the
room. Mercie did not know what was happening, she could hear several
voices in the outer room, but try as she might she could not hear
through the thick door. Duggan's' room was one of the best in the
hotel and the hotel itself the best in the city. The room was designed
so that the guest would have complete privacy...and little bled
through the doors and walls. Mercie decided to take a bath as she
waited, she still felt grungy, and wanted to see the damage that had
been done to her the night before. Exploring she found a bottle of
bath beads, a gentle vanilla scent wafting from it when she opened it.
Turning on the water she filled the tub adding some of the fragrant
beads, and undressing stepped into the warm water. This was luxury
indeed...for the tub was big enough for her to sink all but her head
underwater. Slowly she relaxed as the warmth and scent worked it's
magic easing the fear and tension, pain and alertness from her.
Drifting she fell asleep and for the first time in days, gave over to
the deepest level..totally relaxed. Duggan opened the bathroom door,
silently. She was not thrilled with what she needed to do...but it was
the only way to smuggle the girl into England. There was no time for
passports and visas...and she did not want to bother with them to
begin with. The more helpless the girl was, the more dependant upon
her owner for everything, the faster she would adjust to her new
owner. She was pleased to see the girl asleep so deeply in the
clutches of the tub...in one way it would make things easier..and the
men would handle the rest. She looked at the hypo in her right hand.
Gesturing for one of the men to help her, she gripped the girls arm
tightly, Mercie exploded up out of the water, startled, only to meet
the firm grip of the man as she held her down. Plunging the hypo into
a vein Duggan rapidly emptied the contents into the girls arm.
"Whhaaa..please...nooooooooooo" the girls voice trailed off in a
drunken slur as the drug began to take effect. Soon she lay limp in
the cooling water, more deeply asleep that she had ever been. Duggan
left the bathroom after stroking the girls head and sent the other man
in. They carried the slave from the tub into the bedroom and lay heron
towels to dry her skin. Asleep Mercie did not see the packing case she
would travel in. Moving with a practiced air, the men prepared the
slave for shipment. It was obvious that they had done this before. One
of the men arranged her limbs in a straight line and began to strap
them down, immobilizing the girl as the other turned to the crate and
made sure that the foam rubber fill was distributed evenly and laid a
sheet over it. Stopping at her thighs, the man pulled them open and
forced a catheter into her urethra and clamped it off, then rolled the
slave over and inserted a lubed butt plug...she would have to wait for
that function until she was delivered. Satisfied that everything was
seated well he rolled her back and finished securing her legs. He held
up the gag and made sure that the breather lines to it were clear then
forced it into the girls mouth. Wax plugged her nostrils and forced
her to inhale and exhale through her mouth, even in her drugged sleep
the girl automatically switched over...she could either scream or
breathe..she would not do both. Wax plugs in her ears and a blindfold
completed that part of the task..and the slave was ready to be laid in
the crate. Carefully the men lifted her and lowered her into the box.
There was barely a half inch between her and the sides. a perfect fit.
One of the men started an IV line in her arm as the other threaded the
catheter and breathing tube out small holes in the side of the box. He
led the last tube the IV through a third hole and attached a bag of
dextrose. The girl would be transported by plane, and the bags to
catheter and IV changed during the flight. She would not be so deeply
drugged during it, only kept in a twilight state, to relax her and
still allow her to know her...condition. The men gathered up the foam
section that would pad the girl from the neck down. It would fill the
rest of the box and hold her immobile save for her head so that she
did not roll or dislodge any of the tubes. Duggan checked their work,
she did not want the slave damaged or damaging herself. Nodding to the
men, she stepped back as they fitted the lid and nailed it down.
Mercie barely stirred. Duggan watched as they lifted the crate with a
hand cart and wheeled it out and to the freight elevator. It was done
and out of her hands, Mercie was being shipped by private carrier. All
the paper work was there for the landing at the small airport near her
home. A beloved uncle who had died of a heart attack was coming home
to England for his final rest. Duggan turned to the job of disposing
of the slaves belongings...some would go into dumpsters, the rest to
the bins of the Salvation Army. She would have nothing to call her own
when she landed....and there would be no trace of the slave.

Jessann crawled. The men sat and watched her the cards in their hands
only incidental to what was happening in the room. Bear had spent the
last few days, stripping the woman of all that she was, pushing her
until she yielded that final thread of control she had insisted on.
Now the slave was truly a slave, no more did she try to dictate to her
Master her use, holding him to her perceived desires...but instead
served as he wished. Chained legs to wrists, ass filled with cum and
plugged, an empty beer can in her cunt, she crawled to the winner of
this poker hand. Sean looked down at the prize he had one with a Royal
Flush. His hand gripped her head and pulled her face up. With a groan
jessann rose to her knees as she followed her hair. She had seen
herself in the mirror after Bear had made her up for the party. The
huge Russian had taken great pains with her makeup...but to her eyes
it looked as though a clown had applied it. Her face had been painted
kabuki white, the eyes so deeply kohled that they seemed like pits in
her face. Her mouth was outlined in the shape of her lips, a deep
blood red, but instead of following only the lips, Bear had traced
around them, making them appear even larger. Where rough or blush
would have been dusted, were the words INSERT HERE and arrows drawn
with her lipstick to point at her mouth. Even that was not in her
control, for a large leather "O" ring had been inserted holding her
mouth open painfully wide. The center of it was large enough for the
men to plunge their cocks into ...and they had for the past 2 hours,
using her mouth as a depository for cum. Jessann trembled as Seans
hand gripped her breast, already both of them were black and blue from
the evenings entertainment. As she expected he squeezed the mauled tit
flesh nearly flat, but then picking a cord up from the table began to
wrap the pained flesh until it bulged painfully from her chest. It was
the work of moments for him to turn to the other one and bind it just
as tight. A whimper of pain began to escape her open mouth until she
caught the look from Bear....any sound would cost her it promised.
Sean grinned over at Bear....then picked up a metal skewer from the
table. Jessann's eyes widened in fear as she saw the gleaming
stainless steel. Bear moved behind his slave and held her steady, his
large frame supporting the terrified slave. Sean smiled coldly and
locked his eyes into the womans. Slowly...torturously slowly. he
brought the point of the skewer to the swollen left tit. Licking his
lips, he pressed the point into the flesh watching the terror grow in
the woman's eyes. His fingers teased the flesh...feeling the coldness
of it, easing up the nipple, but refusing to let her drop her
eyes....he was not going to let her know where the skewer would plunge
into her flesh..only that it would. Bear caught the movement of his
hand and braced the slave as the skewer plunged through her nipple.
His grip held the woman up and in place as her head rammed back into
his belly in response to the pain. Sean waited not a second but
grabbing the other nipple pressed the flesh onto the skewer pulling
the two tits together like a shish-ka-bob. Jessann reeled under the
pain, her body shaking, her mind fleeing deep into itself as her
breasts blazed in torment. Sean waited, his cock hard and throbbing
until the woman was under control....His eyes tracing the lines of
pain in her painted face. Slowly he held a small object before her
unfocused eyes...waiting for her to see what was coming next. Horror
wrote itself in bold letter on her face as it began to sink into her
mind what he held. A scream of terror ripped from her throat as her
bladder let go....Sean...flicked his Bic.......... 




Fantasy or Reality
written and orgasmed over by poenkitten

68. Sweet Dreams

Mercie woke up gradually, her mind fuzzy and relaxed from the drug.
Her eyes were unable to pierce the darkness, she could feel the
pressure of the foam pads holding her and began to struggle in weak
panic against the straps binding her. Vaguely she remembered the prick
of the needle, and her mind began to trace the various sensations on
her body...the discomfort between her legs drawing it there first.
There was a feeling of movement and the faint sound of an airplanes
engine, but more was the oppressive feeling of closeness.....that she
could not breathe, could not move. She began to struggle harder
against the box and bonds that held her. The pilot noticed the sounds
of her struggles and looked back at the box. His eyes made sure that
the box was not moving before he turned back to the controls. The girl
would not be going anywhere, and he would increase her dosage before
he entered the landing pattern....he wasn't worried. LAGuardian looked
down at the slave on the bed, her flesh parted before him and so sweet
in the sight. He had taken and possessed every part of her, mouth, ass
and cunt, whipped and tormented her flesh until she had yielded to him
what had never been given another. Now he watched as she lay spread
eagled, limp before him, her mind floating lost to her control. Lovely
was barely aware of her surroundings, felt only the deep hum of pain
and surrender in her flesh, but her body was acutely aware of the man
who owned her. He had awakened in her flesh a hunger she had never
known, controlling her, using her, pushing her hard, not the brief
though painful snaps of the whip as she ran races or trained as a
pony, but deep long strokes that heated her flesh, called something
from within her she had never experienced. When she had thought she
could take no more, he pushed her, slowly building layer of pain upon
layer, until it seemed even her heart beat with the rhythm of his
whips. Dazed and lost in the space of her own mind, she opened her
mouth when he offered drink, ate what he placed within it, and tasted
nothing. LAG smiled, and released the bonds holding her open. Gently
he turned her over. Using straps of leather he bound her ankles to her
wrists so that her body was fully open face up to him. Two of the
chains held her thighs spread wide and he fixed a collar to her
throat, attaching it by a short chain to the headboard...there would
be no place for her to go. Turning to the tape player he flipped the
tape over and started it. Finishing with a blindfold he made sure that
the slave would have nothing to focus on but the whip, the music and
sensation. Lovely could not see him as he picked up the cane, and her
body leaped against the bonds at the first stroke seemed to burn fire
across her thighs. Now she would learn the meaning of her
surrender.....Ra took Dude into the basement preparation area, a nod
from him calling over two large guards who methodically stripped Dude
of his clothing and forced him over to a wall. With a silent
efficiency that scared the balls out of the slave, the scrubbed him
inside and out, examining his flesh with the professional interest of
a groomer. Ra prepared several injections, as they were never sure
where a slave would be sold to, it was Hakeem's practice to inoculate
the slaves he sold. The staff Doctor would fill out all of the
paperwork later. Dude's arm burned with fire as each hypo emptied it's
contents into his arms. Smiling Ra nodded for the guards to release
his arms and watched as they dropped limp at the slaves sides. The
muscles in them so painfully filled with the inoculations that it
would have been a struggle for him to lift them and fight back.
Securing his wrists tightly behind the slave and then lifting them
until they lay parallel along his back and securing them to his
collar, Ra had the guards force him over to a small cage, it was
barely big enough for Dude to stand in, and there was no room for him
to move. Dude fought as best he could but was forced into the cage. He
had never seen it's like before, instead of being straight up and down
it had a bend in it and the doors were in two sections. When Ra closed
it Dude discovered the horrifying trick to the cage, he had to bend at
the middle, forcing his ass outward to press against the back of the
cage and his belly and stomach to rest against the front angle. Three
straps secured him, thighs to the side bars so that he remained open
and one across his forehead holding his face tight to the bars. His
balls and cock dangled freely in the air in this position. Customers
would be able to examine and explore him at their leisure, he could
not stop them. A shudder wracked his body as one of the guards lay a
bed of straw beneath his feet and then rolled the cage from the prep
room and into the holding area. Dude caught glimpses of other slaves
held in the same type of cage, both male and female, and of other
slaves mucking out the bottom and replacing the straw. Apparently he
would not be released from the cage for even the use of a bathroom
until he was auctioned. Tears dripped down his face and raced along
the bars as it dawned on him fully, that FX had released him for sale.
Fx had a smile on his face as Hakeem and he finished their coffee. He
was worried about Dude, and prayed that he would find an owner that he
would serve willingly, but it was also the first time that he had
enjoyed the administrations of a willing slave in a long time. Kasim
had a truly talented mouth and what seemed a genuine love of his
service. "Well my friend...shall we I have many fine slaves just
waiting to be looked over...I am sure you will find something suitable
to your needs. Come." Hakeem heaved his bulk up from the dais and
began to walk toward a black door. FX followed watching fascinated by
the grace of the large man. Entering the private elevator Hakeem
pressed the bottom button and the box descended, to open onto the
holding area. The room had held the buzz of soft conversation, pleas,
and cries as the door opened, and the two men stepped out. A sudden
tense hush washed over the room. The slaves were permitted to talk, to
express their fears, Hakeem would not disallow that...but none of the
slaves wanted to offend a potential buyer. The cages were not
comfortable, the food, gruel, though plentiful plain, and ultimately
they knew that if they did not find a private buyer, they might be
sold to whorehouses or work camps in 3rd world countries. Anything no
matter what would be better than that. Hakeem did not hold merchandise
long. Fx began to work his way around the room, going from cage to
cage, reading the paperwork tacked to it, probing the asses and mouths
of the slaves. Twice he had a slave pulled from the cage to examine
him more closely, test the use of his mouth, twice he returned them to
the cage, finding something lacking. He paused before one cage and
looked at the healthy male within, the dark eyes and hair above a fine
boned face. Picking up the clipboard he read the paperwork, trained
bi-sexual male, fully opened and trained...ex professional
psychologist sold by one of his patients. The he noted the sold
marking next to the name of the slave "west" sold to the Captain of
the S.S. Merimount. Hakeem noted his inquisitive glance and laughed.
"Yes that one will be both ships psychologist and a slut treat for the
crew. Strange story behind that one...apparently one of his patients
found his computer files and conspired with his wife and secretary to
blackmail him into slavery. When they grew bored with him...they
decided to sell him off. He was just sold yesterday....I am not sure
how long he will last on the ship...the Captain has exotic tastes and
the ships compliment is about 200. He will be a busy little slut."
west shuddered in his cage, it was the first time he had learned where
he had been sold to and for what. Serving 3 Doms had been hard enough
on his flesh...but 200!!!!! Why the hell had he kept his files on his
computer at the office. His asshole and cock hurt at just the thought
of what they would be put through.... FX smiled and turned away his
attention caught by another slave. His age was listed as 18, his body
confirmed it, the hard musculature still padded by a touch of baby
fat, blue-black hair framed gray eyes, in a face that was choir-boy
sweet. Fx licked his lips and moved behind the slaves cage to probe
deep into his ass...a groan escaped the lads lips as FX forced 4
fingers into him, he was pleased that the boy pressed back against his
hand even though he was very tight and the pain had to be high. His
other hand reached through the bars and found the teens cock,
hardening rapidly as his ass was probed. Pulling his fingers from the
boys ass he walked back to the front of the cage and offered them to
him, surprised at the eagerness and the skill of the tongue that
sucked them clean again. Fx turned away and continued down the line,
he did not want Hakeem to know he had chosen yet. Finally he came to
Dudes cage, his heart torn by the pleas of the slave to allow him to
return home with his Master. Fx stroked the slaves head tenderly for
the last time and shook his head no...it was hard selling his slave,
but...it was for the best. Fx turned and walked away, feeling the
slaves eyes watching him. "Hakeem cages 12, 30 and 38...how much are
the slaves in each of them, the base price?" Hakeem pulled a sheath of
notes from his pocket, "hmmmmm 12 is $14,000, a fine slave with many
many years of service, a bit spirited as you can tell, but the best
slaves are. Number 30 is $18,000 and comes with equipment. His last
owner grew ill and wanted him to have a good home, well trained as a
domestic as well as a sex slave, low pain levels on that one, but he
was a good business manager as well. Number38, now that is a strange
one, he was brought to me by a social worker, apparently he was raised
as a slave, and was taken away from his parents...unable to deny his
needs he sought owners in some very dangerous places, he was rescued
by a shelter, and well...needless to say here he is...this one is only
$5000, he has had home training only, and we are not sure of his pain
levels or even the completeness of his training.. you would be taking
a risk with him." Fx turned back to the slaves, he knew which one he
wanted. "Number 38Hakeem, I will take the risk." The slave cast his
eyes upwards toward his owner to be and smiled. FX watched as a light
of mischief and hunger entered the boys eyes, he would definitely be a
handful and need to be trained, but, he was not broken, and the fire
in his spirit would make his submission so much sweeter. "Shall I have
him delivered...or..." "I will take him with me." "Very good, I will
have him cleaned up and readied for travel while we take care of the
paperwork. FX laughed at the thought of paperwork, there would be no
paper trail of the sale, but the slave would have to have papers, id
card and social security card and what not...they would all be false
of course, but would pass a minor check and prevent problems.. no one
these days went without id. He patted the slaves ass and followed
Hakeem from the room, steeling himself as Dudes last wail of
"Maaaaaasssssssttteeeerrrrr pllllleeeeeeaaaaaaaasssssseeeee" followed
him from the room.Jessann wept. Sean had not ruined her tit meat, but
she had been held screaming as he heated the needles burning deep into
her flesh. She had toyed for years with fantasies about being a slave,
her mind turning to all sorts of torments that fueled her midnight
fantasies. At long last she had gotten up the courage to meet with a
Dom, Bear, and to if not plunge head first into the waters, test and
play on the shore with humiliation and service. She had watched at the
party with a little envy the uses the other slaves were put through,
and seen the pleasure they received in turn...at least some of them.
Bear had deemed her ready even though she had not thought so and taken
her from her life to be his slave, fully. She could not say no to him,
she could no longer keep him at a distance. The man took what he
wanted from her, and punished when she did not give as much as he
thought she could. Tonight had been her first test, she had been
forced to serve, to remain still and be tortured by his friends as a
poker ante, she had been raped repeatedly anally, orally, vaginally
until she thought she would never rid herself of the feel of cum
pouring from everywhere, and now, even the deepest part of her tits
had been tortured, slowly heated by the needle skewering them. When
Sean had finished she had lain in the pool of her own urine, barely
conscious and weeping silently. She had come face to face with the
reality...she was a slave, a piece of meat to be used however men or
women desired. Bear looked at the slave as she lay huddled on the
floor and nodded to his friends. The game was over. "Jessann.. come
here." His thick accent penetrated the slaves misery and she struggled
back to her knees, she dared not refuse to go to him, no matter how
much she hurt, to fail was to be punished. His heavy hand fell on her
back and she flinched until she realized that he was stroking her. His
words in Russian fell heavy over her ears, she could not understand
what he said when he lapsed into his native tongue, but the tone told
her that he was praising her. A low keening cry burst from her throat
as he gathered her painted welted used body to him and picked her up
in his arms. With a tenderness she had never known he cradled her head
against his shoulder and carried her from the room. The four other men
nodded as he lumbered out, then turned back to their game...she would
need time alone with him. Bear carried her into the Master bath and
began to clean his slave up, each gentle touch accompanied by praise
as he examined each welt, cleaned and treated it. She did not know how
proud he was of his little American toy...wrapped in her own misery
Jessann knelt silent as her injuries were treated and then followed
him into the bedroom. "Tonight is treat Babushka...tonight you sleep
here." Bear turned down the coverlet on the bed and placed the slave
into the very center of it. Jessann dared not look at him, but sank
gratefully into the feather mattress. Attaching a short chain and
padlock to her collar and then a bolt on the headboard, Bear made sure
that his slave would not escape. Covering her lightly, he turned off
the light and left only a night light burning as he left the room.
Jessann listened to the silence, exhaustion pulling her mind down as
the soft feathers wrapped about her. She did not know when she faded
into sleep. Did not hear the door open silently an hour later or feel
the five men enter the bed with her, her dreams colored only by their
soft touches on her skin as they massaged her flesh gently with oils,
turning her to her belly to ease her softly deeper into sleep. As she
lay dreaming, her breath coming quicker, James readied himself...With
one thrust he buried himself in the girls ass, waking her screaming as
the men held her down and began to tease her flesh. Jessanns'
exhausted mind tried to come to grips with the sudden pain as her ass
was fucked yet again, her ears filled with the sounds of hot horny
sadists, who would continue to rape and possess her through the rest
of the night....she was a slave...nothing else. 

(Note from stories-online.net: this is all I have)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  poenkitten


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





