BDSM Library - On Your Knees




On Your Knees
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  is the popular Mexican Bondage Game show played by clueless Americans!  Read in amazement at this blow-for-blow account of a team of two guys and a team of two girls compete in various bondage games.
This is a sex story and it's copyrighted by me, Shon 
Richards.  It's a sexual story about a sadistic game 
show so if bondage, spanking, public humiliation, and 
reluctant sex bother you, go change the channel.  This 
author is on his boney knees asking for feedback at 
lordshon@aol.com




On Your Knees,
By Shon Richards

"Crossing the Mexican border to appear on a game show 
we've never even seen might have been a bad idea," Kyle 
said to his buddy Vincent.  They had nothing else to 
talk about; they were backstage behind a giant red 
curtain.

"What gave you that idea?" Vincent said sarcastically.  
"Was it when they made us put on shiny vinyl shorts 
over black thongs?  Or was it when they made us put on 
slick vinyl jackets over tight T-shirts and snapped dog 
collars around our necks?  Perhaps when they chained 
our hands over our heads and secured our feet in 
stocks?"

"It was your idea," Kyle argued.  "You said there was 
this ad for young Americans to compete on a Mexican 
game show, and that the grand prize was trips to a 
resort.  You never said anything about being tied up."

"Hey, if you don't like it, why did you sign the 
contracts?" Vincent snapped.  

"That was the stupidest thing I ever did," Kyle 
lamented.  "For one thing, they were in Spanish, and 
the lady who asked us to sign them was falling out of 
her shirt.  We should have known better than to sign 
something when they gave us such a busty distraction."

"Shut up," a stagehand interrupted.  "The show's about 
to start."

On the other side of the curtain, the applause sign 
came on and the rowdy crowd broke into a deafening roar 
of applause and catcalls.  A stunning woman came out 
from behind a side curtain and the crowd became even 
louder.  She was a sultry dark Hispanic with carefully 
styled black hair spilling over her shoulders like a 
40's movie star.  The woman wore a black leather 
bustier studded with spikes that barely contained her 
spilling cleavage.  High heel black boots rose from her 
ankles all the way to her thighs.  A studded thong 
completed her outfit, revealing her bare buttocks when 
she spun around for the audience.

"Welcome to another episode of 'Get On Your Knees!' the 
woman cried into her microphone.  "I'm your host, 
Mistress Elisa!"

The crowd cheered until she rose a leather-gloved hand.  
They silenced immediately, allowing her to speak in 
peace to the camera.

"Let's meet our first two contestants, the Wimps!"  She 
pointed to a curtain that pulled away to reveal Vincent 
and Kyle, their hands handcuffed to a bar above their 
heads and their feet locked down in stocks.  The two 
college students were startled by the rising curtain, 
but became even more terrified by the huge crowd of 
Mexican people of both sexes.  Mistress Elisa caught 
Vincent's eye, and his mouth dropped as he admired her 
body.

Vincent was grateful for all his years of soccer 
keeping him in good shape.  He could see himself in a 
monitor, and had to admit that the shiny vinyl shirt 
and shorts looked good on his tanned body.  His legs 
looked the best, firm and well cut,  and the camera 
kept focusing on them for the home viewers.

Kyle, on the other hand, just felt very out of place.  
He was the only blonde person he saw in the whole 
studio, and that made him very self-conscious.  He 
didn't work out as much as Vincent did, but girls had 
always told him that he had a sweet, angelic face.  
Being restrained as he was in vinyl, he wished that for 
the first time in his life that he didn't look so 
clean-cut in front of this rough crowd.

"What are your names, turds?" Mistress Elisa demanded.

"Uh, Vincent," and "Kyle," they responded weakly to the 
microphone stand placed between them.

"Very good, wimps," Mistress Elisa said.  "And now for 
their competitors, the Sluts!"

The curtain to the right of the guys pulled up to 
reveal two women dressed in the same vinyl jackets and 
shorts as the guys.  Like the men, their arms were 
pulled over their heads and their feet were secured by 
a common stock.  The crowd cheered as the two stunned 
girls took in their surroundings.  The spikes on their 
dog collars caught the lights as they turned their 
heads.

The girl on the right was a brunette with very faint 
freckles.  Her hair was done back into two plaits that 
came down her neck.  Her skin was incredibly pale, 
almost alabaster.  She tried in vain to shrink back 
from the crowd, nervously aware in an irrational manner 
that she was the whitest person here.  

Her friend was a lithe black woman with impossibly long 
legs.  She had straight coal black hair that curled 
around her face, while her eyes glared at the noisy 
crowd.  Her skin was the color of mocha and shined in 
the studio lights.  She refused to shrink back from the 
catcalls, standing defiant though she was helpless.

"What are your names, whores?" Mistress Elisa demanded.

"I'm Amma," the pale girl answered uncertainly.

"My name's Maxine, and who are you calling a whore?"  
Maxine continued to shout, but her microphone was cut 
off.

"Now that we have met today's slaves, let's meet the 
Enforcers who will make sure they shut up and do as 
they are told."  Mistress Elisa raised a gloved hand 
and another curtain went up.  Two men and two women 
were standing there, all of them hooded with red 
leather that covered their faces and all of them 
carrying large wooden paddles.  They were dressed in 
the same uniform - red boots, red thongs and the women 
had shiny, red vinyl bras.  The male enforcers took 
their places behind the guy while the female enforcers 
stood behind the women.  Maxine wisely decided to stop 
protesting.

"With everyone in place, we are almost ready to begin." 
Mistress Elisa moved to behind a glass podium that 
didn't hide any of her fabulous body.  "Our contestants 
will earn money through three rounds of humiliation, 
pain and sex.  The team with the most points at the end 
of the game will win a trip to Sadism 2, the resort of 
total submission!  The losers will have to get on their 
knees, and pleasure the winners."

The crowd cheered lustily and all four contestants 
looked at each other in confusion.  Maxine tried to say 
something, but the hooded woman behind her clamped a 
hand over her mouth and whispered a threat in her ear.  
The other contestants didn't know what was said, but 
when Maxine calmed down, they decided not to push it.

"The first round tests your intelligence, worms," 
Mistress Elisa said with her trademark sneer.  "Wimps, 
you've protested the least, so you'll get to answer the 
first question for a hundred American dollars."  
Mistress Elisa pulled a small stack of cards out of her 
generous cleavage.

"First question, what is the sum of sixty-nine and 
sixty-nine?" Mistress Elisa asked.

"One hundred and twenty-eight!" Vincent answered 
quickly.  If Kyle's feet weren't clamped, he would have 
kicked Vincent.

"Wrong, dumb-ass," Mistress Elisa said, her cruel lips 
sneering.  The crowd laughed at their stupidity.  
"Sluts?  Do you know the answer is?"

The Enforcer behind Maxine released her mouth, and the 
two girls talked briefly before a loud whip crack was 
heard on the speakers.  

"Time's up, we need an answer," Mistress Elisa snapped.

"One hundred and thirty-eight," Amma said timidly.

"Correct!" Mistress Elisa announced.  "You two must be 
math majors.  You get a hundred dollars.  Oh, and I 
forgot to mention this, but after every question, the 
losers must lose an article of clothing.  Enforcers?"

"What?" Kyle screamed.  He looked at Vincent 
accusingly.  Vincent only shrugged and smiled weakly as 
the two burly, masked Enforcers stepped behind them.  
 From behind the chained contestants, the Enforcers 
reached up and gripped their shoulders.  With a fast 
tug, the Velcro snaps popped loose and their jackets 
were gone in a heartbeat.  Now the two men only had 
very tight white T-shirts covering their chests.  The 
looks on their faces told the audience they didn't like 
where this was going.  This only made the audience 
laugh more.

"Very good sluts, you have a hundred dollars," Mistress 
Elisa said.  "Remember, the team with the least money 
at the end of round one receives ten encouragement 
spanks on their sorry asses."  Elisa paused to let the 
crowd hoot at the announcement and for the cameras to 
catch the terrified looks on all four contestants' 
faces.   

"Next question starts with the ladies.  Which of these 
three vibrator-manufacturing companies is false?  Good 
Vibrations, Jolly Shakes or Happy Buzzes?"

The girls leaned next to one another as far as their 
bound arms would allow.  After a whispered discussion, 
Maxine leaned toward the microphone stand.  

"Jolly shakes?" the black beauty asked.

"That is correct!" Mistress Elisa laughed.  "You must 
masturbate a lot to know that one, Maxine!"  The camera 
zoomed on Maxine's guilty blush coloring her cheeks.  
"You win another hundred dollars, and the wimps loose 
another article of clothing."

"Oh shit!" Kyle said as he felt the burly Enforcer 
behind him wrap his arms around his waist.  With 
another lightning fast tug, Kyle's shorts came apart at 
the Velcro seams, exposing his very tight, very small 
thong bikini.  Looking over, he saw that Vincent was 
just as exposed as he was.  The guys weren't sure what 
they hated more; having their cocks covered only by 
small thongs, or being undressed by muscular Hispanic 
men.

"Get your act together, wimps," Mistress Elisa warned.  
"The next question goes to you.  Six inches, five 
inches or seven inches, which is the average size of a 
male penis?"

"Six inches!" Kyle yelled, trying to beat Vincent 
before he said anything stupid.

"That is correct.  Does six inches make you feel 
jealous Kyle?" Mistress Elisa asked.  Even Vincent 
laughed at Kyle.  "You win your first hundred dollars, 
and the ladies loose an article of clothing."

The men in the crowd stared chanting something in 
Spanish as the muscular female Enforcers stepped behind 
the two contestants.  Amma kept struggling in her 
chains, trying to turn around, but the cuffs prevented 
her from running.  Maxine started yelling abuse at the 
Hispanic woman who was gripping her by the shoulders.  
With a quick tug, their shiny black jackets flew off 
their bodies to reveal tiny white bras.  Maxine's dark 
breasts were clearly visible under the sheer material, 
her nipples as plain as day.  Amma's light colored skin 
blended with the bra, but the immense size of her 
breasts couldn't be hidden by the tiny bra.  Both 
ladies were clearly disturbed by their new appearance, 
but the cuffs thwarted any attempt to cover their 
bodies.

"Wow, Amma, no one told us you were packing weapons," 
Mistress Elisa said.  The red heat of shame colored 
Amma's cheeks wonderfully for the camera.  "Now is your 
chance to pay the men back for your stripping.  True or 
false, anallinguis is the act of licking someone's 
ass?"

Amma answered without consulting Maxine.  "True!" she 
said excitedly.  

Mistress Elisa made a stunned face, and the audience 
joined her mocking laughter.  "Why, Amma, I would never 
have guessed.  You are correct.  You get another 
hundred dollars and the guys lose their shirts."

"This sucks!" Kyle yelled to the uncaring audience.  
The crowd cheered louder.  Kyle noticed a guy in the 
front row making some sort of obscene gesture while 
smiling at him.  Kyle looked to the ladies for some 
sort of sympathy, but he only found a look of relief on 
Amma's face, and Maxine was openly gloating about 
saving her team from another stripping.

"It could be worse?" Vincent asked, not certain 
himself.  "Oh shit!  They got knives!"

Kyle flipped his head around and the spikes on the 
collar grazed his shoulder.  The hooded men had knives, 
very shiny, sharp knives.  Vincent shut his eyes and 
prayed, while Kyle just looked on in disbelief.  Kyle 
shivered as he felt the knife slip under his T-shirt 
and then slowly rip up his back.  He started laughing 
as he relaxed and watched the hooded enforcers cut his 
clothing away.  Only when his shirt was torn off his 
body and he realized he wasn't going to die, did 
Vincent open his eyes. 

"You have the balls of a hen, Vincent," Mistress Elisa 
quipped.  "At least Kyle is enough of a man to face his 
fears.  The sluts have three hundred dollars and you 
only have one hundred.  At least try to pay attention."

"Your next question is for one hundred dollars and some 
of your remaining dignity.  What year did Mexico gain 
independence?"

Vincent looked at Kyle and his blonde friend just 
shrugged.  "Hey wait, this isn't a sex question!" 
Vincent tried protesting.

"That's right, we decided to give you stupid Gringos an 
easy one," Mistress Elisa said.  "Do you have an 
answer?"

Kyle kept shrugging so Vincent hazarded a guess.  
"Eighteen um, twenty?"

"Wrong!" Mistress Elisa barked.  "Sluts, this is your 
chance to steal.  Do you know when Mexico gained its 
independence?  It's something any child could tell 
you."

"Any child if they were raised here!" Amma snapped.  
The strain of the game had cracked her shyness.  "We're 
from America!  How are we supposed to know?"

Mistress Elisa raised a single eyebrow in amusement.  
"You're willing to come into our country and take our 
money, but you can't bother to learn about us?  Since 
both of you don't know, neither of you get the money, 
and both of you lose a piece of clothing!"

"First the wimps!" Mistress Elisa declared, and both 
Vincent and Kyle began to pull harder on their chains.  
The poor guys tried to wriggle, writhe and just plain 
move, to somehow delay their stripping, but they were 
trapped.  Using the knives, both hooded enforcers 
snapped the thin string of their thongs and revealed 
their bare cocks to the jeering crowd.  The audience 
shrieked in laughter as Vincent's limp cock flopped 
between his legs.  The poor college athlete was so well 
built that his flaccid cock looked even more out of 
proportion.  He kept seeing the swarthy women in the 
audience laughing lustily between each other, sharing 
jokes at his expense.

Kyle on the other hand was in such a state of nervous 
terror that his cock was fully aroused when he was 
stripped.  He shut his eyes and wished he could somehow 
hide what felt to him to be a monster of an erection 
from the taunting crowd.  Shutting his eyes didn't 
help, he could hear their laughter and he could feel 
the hot lights of the studio on his sweaty cock.  To 
his shame, his cock was throbbing happily between his 
legs, begging to be touched.

"And now it's the sluts' turn!"  Mistress Elisa 
declared.  Amma didn't hear the announcement; she was 
staring at the close up of Kyle's penis on the monitor.  
She was terrified by what was happening, but she 
couldn't tear her eyes away from Kyle's humiliation as 
well as his obvious unconscious enjoyment.  She didn't 
even feel the hands of the woman behind her as Amma's 
shorts were ripped off at the Velcro seams.  Only when 
she felt the vinyl slip past her did she realize she 
was exposed in the skimpy black thong.  She caught a 
sight of herself in the monitor and blushed as she saw 
how much the black thong stood out against her pale 
skin.  Amma thanked God that they couldn't see the thin 
black strip that disappeared between her round 
buttocks; at least, not yet.

Maxine was in a personal crisis.  Growing up as a black 
woman in Texas had forced her to act tough at an early 
age.  She always assumed the dominant role in her 
relationships and was always in control of her sexual 
life.  Maxine never released that control with any of 
her previous boyfriends, and yet was never really 
comfortable with who she was with.  Now she was in a 
situation where being tough only made things worse.  As 
the woman behind her stripped Maxine's shorts off, 
Maxine knew that no matter what she said, what she 
protested or what she screamed, they would still strip 
her at their whim.  Somehow, not being responsible for 
what was happening to her lifted a terrible burden from 
her shoulders.  Maxine experienced, for the first time, 
a relief of tension as she understood her dilemma.  She 
was being displayed, and since it wasn't her fault, she 
felt no guilt at being vulnerable.  This lack of guilt 
surprised and confused the leggy woman. 

"Sluts, you have three hundred dollars, and the wimps 
only have a hundred.  You win round one!" Mistress 
Elisa announced.  "Wimps, prepare for your punishment, 
and maybe it'll help you do better."

Benches slightly lower than Kyle and Vincent's waists 
were rolled out in front of them.  The enforcers behind 
the captives reached up and pulled their handcuffs from 
the pole above them.  Not even Vincent was brave enough 
to fight them.  There was something about being 
completely naked in front of a crowd that made the guys 
timid around the masked muscle men.  Kyle and Vincent 
were led by their handcuffs to lay over the benches and 
then their handcuffs were secured at the base.  Their 
feet remained in the stocks, and both of the guys felt 
terribly vulnerable with their bare asses exposed and 
sticking out.

"As the winners of round one, you get to administer the 
spankings," Mistress Elisa said with a smile.  
"Remember, only ten spanks each."

Maxine and Amma were completely released from their 
bounds, and the suspicious girls couldn't believe their 
luck.  When they were handed large paddles, nervous 
smiles broke on their faces.  The guys were spun around 
so that their bare bottoms were exposed to the crowd, 
and Mistress Elisa stood between their bound bodies.  
She waved to girls to take positions behind the guys, 
the girls' own asses exposed to the crowd as well.

Maxine took a place beside Kyle while Amma took a place 
beside Vincent.  Both girls blushed as the crowd 
whistled at their backsides.  Their thongs were so tiny 
it looked like there was nothing covering Maxine's 
ebony buttocks and Amma's pale nether globes.  The 
girls hoped the crowd's attentions would be diverted by 
the poor guys' ordeal.  

Mistress Elisa patted each of the men on their asses, 
smiling and striking her best diva pose at the same 
time.  "I'll count your strokes, sluts.  One!"

Vincent cried out as Amma's paddle came crashing down 
onto his ass.  The sudden slap surprised him, but it 
was the heat of the blow that made him squirm 
afterward.  Amma was transferring all her fears into 
her swing, punishing Vincent's ass with blows far more 
powerful than he had experienced since childhood.

Across from him, Kyle was suffering just as much.  
Maxine was using her tennis training to good use, 
pounding his white buttocks with accurate swings.  His 
pink ass revealed welts quickly to the delight of the 
audience.  Worse, Kyle's cock was bouncing between his 
legs, aching intensely from having Mistress Elisa 
stroke his back while the beautiful leggy girl spanked 
his ass.

"Ten!" Mistress Elisa called out after what felt like 
an eternity to Kyle and Vincent.  Both guys had asses 
as red as cherries and their faces were just as flushed 
with shame.  Their buttocks were aflame with welts, 
burning with a heat that continued after the spanking 
was finished.  Maxine and Amma gave each other a high-
five, both of them sweating under the hot lights.  
Their white bras were soaked much to the delight of the 
zooming cameras.

"When we return, we shall begin round two with the 
Board of Punishment!  Don't change that channel!" 
Mistress Elisa said as her gloved hands coaxed the 
guys' sore bottoms.

"Ok, we're cut.  Let's get ready for the next round," a 
voice over the intercom announced.

The masked men efficiently released Kyle and Vincent 
while other stagehands pushed the benches away and 
brought several curtained items on stage.  The girls 
just stood there, a little lost, as the guys stretched 
and rubbed their spanked asses.  Neither group knew 
what to say to the other.  The guys merely covered 
their genitals with their hands while Amma crossed her 
arms over her generous breasts.  Maxine simply 
fidgeted, shifting from foot to foot.

"Nice first round people," a suited man said to them, 
joining the confused guests.  He was very short, but 
carried himself like one who owned the place.  He kept 
rubbing the diamonds on his watch, obviously trying to 
impress the contestants.  "You've got a chance to 
really earn some money now.  The rewards are doubled."

"Fuck this," Maxine snapped.  "I was only going along 
because you had me chained up.  I'm leaving."

"Oh, I wouldn't do that," the short man said sweetly.  
He pointed to five men dressed as police officers 
sitting in the audience.  "You see, your contracts 
state you'll play the game to the conclusion or risk a 
three year prison term for breach of contract.  The 
police are here in case we have to resort to that.  
We've spent a lot of money on camera time and our crew, 
so you really wouldn't want to make us pursue legal 
courses in order to get our money's worth.  Besides, 
have you ever been in a Mexican prison?  It's not 
pleasant for such attractive Americans like yourself."

"Where does a show like this air?" Kyle protested.  
"I've never seen a guy's balls on any game show 
before."

"We make shows for subscription networks.  We 
specialize in adult entertainment that is seen all 
through South America and now some Eastern European 
states," the man said proudly.  "You'll be seen world 
wide, but don't worry, no one in America will never see 
it."

"Dude, I don't want my dick seen by people in Brazil!" 
Vincent argued.  

"Too bad, you signed contracts," the man said sharply.  
"The prizes are legit.  You'll be paid everything you 
earn, and you'll get trips to Sadism 2, the erotic 
resort.  Trust me, anything that embarrasses you here 
will be forgotten by the time you get fucked for the 
third time by a hot model of your choice."

"What's this about the losers getting on their knees?" 
Amma asked.

"Exactly that.  The losers have to pleasure the winners 
in any manner the winner chooses, as long as your knees 
never leave the ground.  The kids love it, it's a 
popular finale to the show."

"That's fine with me," Maxine said, hand on her hip as 
she looked Vincent up and down.  "You losers are behind 
already.  I wouldn't mind getting something out of this 
game."

"Maxine!" Amma said, shocked.

"What?" Maxine snapped.  "If a bunch of horny Mexicans 
are going to see me almost naked, I might as well get 
some action from it.  We've got nothing to worry 
about."

"I'll give you something to worry about," Vincent 
snapped before Kyle pulled him away from the group.

"He's just a bit excited!" Kyle tried to say by way of 
apology.  Maxine just lifted her palm in the universal 
sign of 'talk to the hand.'

The enforcers separated the two teams into two 
spotlighted areas, but thankfully no one was bound or 
restrained.  Mistress Elisa returned to the set after 
touching up her lipstick, taking her place next to a 
huge board that had been wheeled to the podium.  With a 
countdown, the show began again.

"Welcome back, painfreaks, to 'On your Knees!'" 
Mistress Elisa announced.  "Round two begins and it's 
time for the Board of Pain!  Contestants, every 
category on this board represents a different physical 
task.  Win at a task, and you'll get two hundred 
dollars.  Lose at a task, and you receive a special 
punishment designed for that category. There are seven 
categories to choose from, but we will only use five.  
Whoever has the most money at the end of the round will 
have the advantage when we go into Final Humiliation."

"The categories are, 'Take it Bitch', 'Twister', 'Spit 
Swapping', 'Name Calling', 'Monkey Spanking', 'Pinata', 
and finally, 'Mouth Wash'.  Sluts, since you went 
second in round one, you pick first in round two."

Amma leaned next to Maxine to whisper, "'Take it Bitch' 
and 'Pinata' sound like they would be painful.  We 
should pick something that sounds the least harmful."

"How about 'Twister?'" Maxine asked.  "They probably 
just want us to play a game of Twister and embarrass 
ourselves."

A whip cracked over the intercom and Mistress Elisa 
demanded an answer.

"We'll take 'Twister,'" Amma said to their microphone.

"Very well," Mistress Elisa said.  A cruel smile came 
across her full lips, as thin and nasty as a knife.  
"Every task requires one person from each team.  Select 
who you want to represent your team."

"I'll go for my team," Vincent announced.  Seeing 
Kyle's worried face, he said to him, "Don't worry, I 
always win naked Twister at my fraternity."

"I didn't want to know that," Kyle groaned.

"I'll go," Maxine said, her old attitude coming back.  
She wanted to stomp Vincent personally.

After their choices were made, curtains pulled away 
from one of the seven set-up areas.  Their hooded 
enforcers pulled Vincent and Maxine to the Twister 
area, and their feet and hands were chained similar to 
what had happened in the first round.  Their faces had 
the same confusion as they realized they weren't 
playing the popular party game after all.  Vincent was 
disturbed that his hands were above his head and he 
couldn't hide his cock anymore, while Maxine was 
conscious of how her breasts jutted forward in her 
sweaty bra with her arms raised.

"In this task, we'll be putting nipple clamps on you 
and twisting them until one of you gives up.  When the 
pain is too much, just surrender, and the other team 
will get the money.  For that, we'll need to remove 
that slut's bra.  Enforcers?" Mistress Elisa laughed as 
Maxine struggled in her chains.  

A gorgeous hooded woman took a long knife and slit the 
shoulder straps of Maxine's tiny bra.  Then she stepped 
behind the black beauty and unfastened the clasps in 
the back.  With a quick whip, the bra was thrown off of 
Maxine to reveal her lovely, pert breasts.  They were 
shaped like pears, dark and shiny from sweat.

The enforcers took two small clips, each of them 
adorned with bells, and snapped them cruelly onto 
Vincent and Maxine's nipples.  Both of them cried out 
as the tight rubber teeth squeezed their nipples.  
Vincent was ashamed of being belled, and felt quite 
emasculated by their tiny jingles.  Maxine just 
couldn't believe her nipples could hurt as much as they 
did.

"Enforcers, on my mark, twist once!" Mistress Elisa 
called out.  The assigned enforcers cruelly twisted the 
right nipples of both contestants.  Vincent's legs gave 
out as the pain raced through his chest and only the 
chains holding his hands kept him upright.  Maxine's 
mouth opened into a silent scream of outrage as her 
breast was mauled beyond her comprehension.

"Now for the second twist!" Mistress Elisa cried out.  
The other enforcers flanking the contestants reached 
over and grabbed the left nipples of the bound victims.  
This time Maxine shut her eyes and tried to ignore the 
biting pain that seemed to penetrate both of her full 
breasts.  Vincent bit his lips as the searing grip of 
the clamps flooded his mind.

"Third twist!" Mistress Elisa said with a perky voice.  
The enforcers, who had already twisted their right 
nipples, turned the clamps another forty-five degrees.  
Vincent tried to wiggle to shake the burly enforcer's 
hand off but it was useless.  The cuffs held him too 
tightly and the hooded man only laughed as his grip 
followed Vincent's flailing nipple.  Vincent just 
couldn't avoid the sharp pain.

Maxine was suffering worse.  When her enforcer twisted 
her nipple, the entire weight of her breasts shifted 
with it, causing a much larger area to burn than 
Vincent's chest.  The stubborn woman had never quit 
anything in her life, but she knew she couldn't stand 
the pain any further.  Just the thought of her other 
nipple suffering like that was enough for her to shout, 
"I give, I give!  Get it off me!"

"Ahh," Mistress Elisa pouted.  "So soon?  You're all 
bitch and no bite.  Wimps, you win two hundred dollars!  
As for you slut, your punishment is that you must wear 
those clamps for the rest of the show."

"I don't get to put my bra on?" Maxine asked.  Mistress 
Elisa's cruel laugh was her answer.  The enforcers 
released their grips, but left the annoying clamps.  
Maxine's pain abated a little down to a raw tingle.  As 
they released her from her cuffs, Maxine frowned as the 
tiny bells seemed to ring constantly as her breasts 
swayed for the view of the cheering audience.

"Shit!" Vincent cried out as the clamps were removed.  
He found out the hard way that the most painful part 
was the blood returning.  He stumbled as he walked 
away, clutching his chest and trying to massage them.  
Mistress Elisa laughed at his weakness.

"Wimps, you get to pick the second game, and the other 
partner must play it.  What shall it be?"  Mistress 
Elisa asked.

Kyle had had time to look at the categories and he 
tried to guess the least painful.  "'Name Calling,'" he 
said.  

Immediately a curtain went up to show another 
arrangement similar to the previous task.  When Kyle 
tried to step into his stocks, the enforcers prevented 
him, though they secured the lovely Amma in cuffs and 
stocks.  Kyle couldn't help notice how her freckles 
expanded down from her face and past her shoulders and 
onto the tops of her barely held breasts.

"You'll like this task, wimp," Mistress Elisa said by 
his side.  "You will have sixty seconds to write the 
words 'slut', 'bitch' or 'whore' on your opponent's 
body.  You can only write it on her breasts, her ass, 
her stomach, her thighs or on her face.  Try to write 
as many names as possible.  Here's your marker, now 
begin!"

Kyle took the felt tip marker they gave him and rushed 
over to Amma.  He bent down and quickly wrote the word 
'slut' on her stomach, amazed at how smooth her skin 
was.  Realizing his ass was on the line, he whispered a 
quick apology to Amma as he wrote on the top of her 
breasts.  The breasts were spilling out of her tiny bra 
as it was and he caught a good look of pink nipples as 
he wrote the word 'slut' on both breasts.  Her right 
tit did slip out as he pressed the cold marker to her 
skin and without thinking, he stuffed her breast back 
into her bra.  The camera caught his groping and the 
crowd cheered his boldness  

Kyle almost wrote on her face since he was there, but 
looking at the shocked outrage on Amma's face, he 
chickened out.  He dropped to his knees and quickly 
scribbled the word 'slut' on her immobile thighs.  Amma 
just stared on in disbelief.  First this guy wrote on 
her tits and then he touched her nipple in front of 
everybody!  She hated herself for the swelling of heat 
she felt between her legs as her assailant wrote on her 
thighs.

"Time's up!" Mistress Elisa said with a snap of her 
fingers.  Strong arms gripped Kyle and lifted him from 
the ground as they secured him in the chains beside 
Amma.  Amma was released and when she tried to wipe 
some of the marker off, the hooded enforcers stopped 
her.  She was given a marker and she smiled as she 
looked at Kyle's helpless body.

"The words you need to write are 'wimp', 'eunuch', and 
'limp' and your target locations are both sides of his 
chest, his face, both thighs, his cock and his ass," 
Mistress Elisa instructed.  "You have sixty seconds, 
go!"

Amma smiled, and with her hair down back into the two 
plaits, she almost looked childish.  Kyle recognized 
the look as revenge.  Amma very deliberately, and very 
carefully, wrote the word 'wimp' on his left cheek.  
Kyle didn't try to turn his head, he was afraid of how 
the enforcers would counter it.  When she had gotten 
her revenge, Amma turned her attention to his chest, 
writing 'wimp' there next.  Her leg brushed Kyle's 
stiff cock, and both of them felt a pleasant shock at 
the contact.  Kyle moaned and Amma blushed, embarrassed 
to have touched him.

"Time's up!" Mistress Elisa announced, and the 
enforcers roughly grabbed Amma and put her back into 
her chains beside Kyle.  The two of them looked at each 
other, not sure where this twisted game was going next.  
Mistress Elisa stepped in front of them, and snapped 
pictures of them using a Polaroid camera.

"It looks like the wimps wrote five words, while the 
sluts only wrote three.  You were too horny to write 
slut?  Or did you just like rubbing up against his 
cock?"  Mistress Elisa snapped an extra picture at the 
angry blush that was creeping down Amma's face and onto 
her chest.

"Two hundred more dollars go to the wimps!  As your 
punishment, we're going to take enough pictures of you, 
Amma, so that every member of our audience and your two 
opponents can go home with a souvenir!"

"What?" Amma shrieked, but then cameras from all around 
her started flashing.  The pale girl twisted and turned 
in her cuffs but the bulbs kept flashing.  They took 
close to a hundred pictures of her writhing, nearly 
nude body chain to her place.

"It's your turn ladies to pick the next category," 
Mistress Elisa said when Amma was finally released.  
"Choose wisely, the guys are now ahead by two hundred 
dollars."

"These things hurt," Maxine complained as the clamps 
jingled from her tits.  "I don't want another contest 
like that."

"We've got to start winning," Amma said, shaken that 
every person in this audience now had such an 
embarrassing picture of her.  "'Mouth Wash', I bet 
that's an oral thing, we would do much better than the 
guys there."

"You think so?" Maxine said uncertainly.  "Fine, we 
pick 'Mouth Wash'!"

"Excellent," Mistress Elisa said.  Enforcers grabbed 
Amma and Kyle, dragging them to a rising curtain where 
two chairs were waiting.  Mysterious wash tubs were 
located above each chair. The were forced to sit down 
and their wrists and ankles were secured.  Maxine and 
Vincent were led to stand beside them, Maxine at Kyle's 
chair and Vincent at Amma's chair.  Handcuffs were 
slapped on the standing contestants' wrists, holding 
their arms behind their backs.

"This task is simple, but we must remove that annoying 
bra first," Mistress Elisa commanded.  To Amma's 
distress, one of the female enforcers approached her 
with the shiny knife.  The hooded woman slit both of 
Amma's shoulder straps and then slit down the middle of 
her massive cleavage.  Amma sat very still as the cold 
knife passed between her breasts and freed her chest.  
As her large pale melons popped free, a roar came from 
the crowd at the sight of the biggest breasts of 
today's show.

"Here is the task," Mistress Elisa explained.  "We will 
empty two cans of whipped cream on both of our victims.  
It will be up to you two to lick every drop off in two 
minutes.  Whoever licks the most off, wins the two 
hundred dollars."

Enforcers stood on both sides of the seated contestants 
and then sprayed the whipped cream directly on their 
bodies.  Amma screamed as the cold whipped cream landed 
on her nipples, causing her to shiver from the cold as 
well as the excitement.  Kyle was silent as the white 
cream coated his chest, dripping down onto his erect 
cock.

"On your mark, get set, lick!"  Maxine and Vincent 
dived on their meals, each eager to out perform the 
other, though Vincent was more interested in nibbling 
on Amma's platter of delights.  Vincent buried his face 
into Amma's chest, sinking up to his ears in her 
breasts while the embarrassed girl screamed the entire 
time.  His mouth was open and his tongue flicking as he 
ran his mouth between her cleavage.  It was the most 
fun he had had since this game had started.

Maxine was all business as she knelt between Kyle's 
legs.  She bent down and latched her mouth onto his 
skin, and then slowly yet methodically ran her mouth 
across him, left to right.  Kyle watched in wonder as 
the black woman gobbled every trace of whipped cream 
from his chest.  Maxine was focused completely on her 
task, not even trying to avoid Kyle's cock that she 
stroked with her breasts every time she moved across 
his chest.  Kyle was openly moaning as the bells on her 
nipple clamps would touch his aching cock.

"Time's up! Stand up and we'll determine a winner," 
Mistress Elisa commanded.  When they stood, she 
examined each captive's chest, judging how much cream 
was removed.  It wasn't hard to judge at all.

"The sluts are the winners!" she declared.  "You took 
too much time sucking those big jugs, Vincent!  Now 
your partner will pay the price!"

Suddenly, the tub over Kyle's head tipped over, 
splashing him with a heavy downpour of water, 
obliterating all of the whipped cream but also 
drenching him in a torrent of cold water.  His cock 
shriveled instantly under the cold water and the 
monitors caught every deflating second.  He spit out 
water, his blonde hair now plastered darkly to his 
face.

Amma was simply released and given a towel to clean 
herself with.  As she returned to their microphones, 
she gave Vincent a withering look of pure scorn.  Her 
pale chest was covered in red marks where his spiked 
collar had rubbed her sensitive flesh.  Maxine was 
cheerful for winning but Amma was in no mood to 
celebrate.  Maxine used her towel to wipe the whipped 
cream from her own chest, careful not to touch her very 
sensitive nipples that were still clamped.

Kyle made squishing noises as he walked back across to 
where his partner was waiting by the microphone.  The 
look of scorn he gave Vincent almost matched the one 
Amma gave him.  Vincent smiled and shrugged.

"Hey, it washed the writing off you," Vincent offered 
weakly.

"We have a very close game now, all tied up at five 
hundred dollars," Mistress Elisa announced.  She leaned 
forward on her podium so that the home audience could 
admire all 40DD of her Hispanic breasts.  "Wimps, you 
select the next category."

"It's your turn to compete, so you pick," Vincent 
offered.

"Well, I'm sure as Hell not picking 'Pinata', that will 
involve someone getting hurt," Kyle whispered.  "'Spit 
Swapping' sounds unhygienic while 'Take it Bitch' 
doesn't sound good either."

"Dude, 'Take it Bitch' is the one, you know these girls 
can't handle pain," Vincent offered.

"Neither can I!" Kyle countered.  "Wait a second, 
'Monkey Spanking' is slang for masturbation.  I can 
masturbate!  I'm dying to masturbate!"  He leaned down 
to the microphone.  "I'll take 'Monkey Spanking'."

The crowd erupted in frenzied cheering.  

"Oh shit," Kyle thought as he heard their reaction.  
The powerful enforcers grabbed him roughly on the 
shoulders and led him to a set of tilted tables that 
were being revealed.  He was forced to lean against the 
table, which was tilted at a forty-five degree angle.  
His ankles were secured very far apart from one another 
while his hands were stretched high above him.  Amma 
was secured in a similar way right next to him.

"Once again, we need to strip you slut.  Remove the 
thong!" Mistress Elisa declared.  The audience chanted 
as the female enforcer used her knife to snip the thin 
thong from Amma's body. Amma could no longer be shocked 
at this point.  She just watched as her pale red bush 
was revealed to the audience and to the closing video 
cameras.  Amma almost laughed at the futility of it 
all.
	
"This task is one of the hardest," Mistress Elisa 
explained.  "Each of you will have your cock or your 
pussy lashed with one of our Cat-o-Nine Tails.  It's 
quite simple.  First one to give up loses and the other 
team gets a hundred dollars.  As a bonus, I'll do the 
whipping."

The rowdy audience cheered at this news and Amma and 
Kyle both closed their eyes prayed.  The leather clad 
Mistress gave a few practice swings with the black Nine 
tails, cutting the air with the plastic lashes.  On a 
whim, she started with Kyle, bringing it down right on 
his erect cock.  

"Fuck!" Kyle screamed, the nine lashes striking his 
cock, balls and part of his thighs.

"No!" Amma screamed as the lashes flattened against her 
sex lips.  She was startled by the lashes, but even 
more so by the familiar trickle of arousal she felt 
between her legs.

"Two!" Mistress Elisa called out, enjoying her work as 
she lashed down hard on Kyle's cock.  His whole body 
lifted as he reeled from the sudden shock of having his 
cock whipped.  As soon as the pain peaked, he felt his 
cock throb with expecting pleasure.  Kyle came to the 
conclusion that his cock was a slut.

"Damn!"  Amma winced, her eyes shut and her head bent 
down.  The lashes had struck her perfectly, causing 
small bands of heat to rise on her exposed sex.  One 
lash even struck her emerging clitoris and the shivers 
of pain and pleasure blew her mind.  Amma decided her 
betraying clit was as bad a cock.

"Three!" Mistress Elisa yelled, sweat beginning to 
appear on her lovely Hispanic skin.  

"Shit!" Kyle answered her after the lashes struck his 
cock.  One lash had struck the tip of his throbbing 
cock, blinding him with pain but also exciting him 
further than he could imagine.

Amma then received her third lashing and cried out as 
the nine lashes hit her squarely on her sex.  All nine 
lashes landed tightly together, stinging her poor sex 
and teasing her clitoris once more.  Amma's pale chest 
was heaving as she felt her body seize with intense 
desire.  

"I quit! I quit! Please just stop!" Amma cried out, 
just barely saving Kyle from another punishment stroke.

Kyle was released, and for once, he was glad for the 
presence of the leather-clad men.  He leaned on them 
for fear his legs would give way.  Kyle raised one hand 
in victory, amazed he survived that ordeal with his 
sanity.  He was surprised when Mistress Elisa gave him 
the Cat-O-Nine tails.

"Her punishment is to receive another three lashes, and 
you have the honor of doing them," Mistress Elisa 
explained.

"But she can't take any more," Kyle protested.  

"Shall I administer them?" Mistress Elisa taunted.

Kyle growled and stepped closer to Amma.  "I'm sorry 
again," Kyle whispered, not sure if she heard him.  He 
knew if he did a sucky job that it might go worse for 
all of them, so he swung back, and brought it down hard 
on Amma's glowing red sex.

The sound of plastic striking soft flesh and hair made 
Kyle wince, but it made Amma nearly black out.  The 
sensation was so intense and this time, more personal 
now that it was an attractive guy striking her.  Amma 
knew she should be mad at this guy, but the fact he was 
in the same position as her gave them a bond.  Amma 
hated herself, but she was attracted to the wet blond 
guy lashing her poor pussy.

The second lashing was better and worse than the first.  
She locked eye contact with Kyle, watching his face as 
he brought the lashes down on her.  Her clit was struck 
again and this time she moaned shamelessly, pure 
pleasure overwhelming her pain.  She forgot the 
audience was there, forgot that the cameras were 
zooming in on her nude body and forgot that she was 
being filmed for the masturbating pleasure of men 
everywhere.  All she felt was the heat in her pussy, 
and she wanted more.

With the third lashing, she got it.  Amma's red clit 
was struck by two lashes this time, and she felt an 
orgasm almost explode right between her legs.  Her 
whole body arched on the table, and she sighed as the 
intensity swept her.  Poor Kyle never suspected he girl 
was so close to climax.

Amma was released and Kyle returned to Vincent's side.  
Mistress Elisa also returned to her podium, a healthy 
flush on her body.  She smiled cruelly for the camera, 
enjoying every moment she had spent torturing the 
contestants.  Mistress Elisa breathed with false desire 
for the people at home.

"Well done Wimps, you're back in the lead again.  
Sluts, you have one last chance to tie it up before we 
go to Final Humiliation.  What is your category?"

Amma leaned heavily on the tall Maxine, breathless and 
incoherent.  Maxine looked at the last three 
categories.  She didn't like the look of any of them, 
but she also knew they couldn't afford another loss.  
Thinking about how much of a wimp Vincent appeared to 
be, the desperate woman picked the one she thought 
would be the worse.

"'Take it Bitch!'" Maxine said into the microphone, 
relishing the brief look of misplaced anger from 
Mistress Elisa.  

"Very good," Mistress Elisa recovered.  The Enforcers 
led Maxine and Vincent to a parting curtain.  Two huge 
white dildos were sticking out of a platform sitting 
very low on the ground.  The lack of any restraints was 
noticed by both of them.  Vincent and Maxine were 
positioned above both of the upright dildos, and the 
audience could see the terror on their faces.

"Remove her thong," Mistress Elisa ordered, and with a 
fast cut, Maxine's thong fell to the floor.  The leggy 
beauty was too exhausted to bother to cover her thick 
bush of curly hair.  Maxine just stood there with her 
hands on her hips as the audience admired her lack of 
modesty.

"This final task is for two hundred dollars," Mistress 
Elisa explained.  "You will have sixty seconds to get 
that nice, fourteen inch dildo up as far as you can in 
your ass.  Whoever sinks the lowest wins.  Before you 
start, let's have some lubrication.  Turn around!"

Maxine and Vincent were forced to turn around by the 
enforcers, but Vincent was babbling his protest.  "Up 
my ass?  I don't swing that way!  You can't possibly 
expect me to put that monster in me!"

"It's your choice," Mistress Elisa said as she squirted 
a long stream of lubricant at his ass.  "If you sit on 
your ass instead of sitting on the dildo, you'll let 
the sluts tie it back up again."  Mistress Elisa then 
squirted a stream of lubricant on Maxine's ass, the 
shiny liquid looked great on Maxine's dark skin.

"Sit on the damn pole!" Kyle screamed.  "I didn't take 
a dick whipping for you to chicken out now!"

"I knew you wouldn't have the balls for real pain," 
Maxine said over her shoulder.  "I've had these damn 
bells on and I'm still more man than you."

"Fuck all of you," Vincent said, but he felt the 
pressure.  He didn't want to shove anything up his ass, 
but he wanted to be the one who lost it for his team 
even less.

"Get ready, get set, take it bitches," Mistress Elisa 
commanded the two contestants, their backs still 
against the audience.

Maxine dropped first, grabbing both sides of her ebony 
buttocks and pulling them apart.  She had done anal sex 
before, but usually she wasn't the one doing the 
pushing.  The dildo slid into her black hole, the 
lubrication easing it in.  The bells jingled constantly 
as she tried to sit, forever reminding her of the pain 
of her sore nipples.  Her breasts felt heavy, 
perpetually being dragged down by her clamps.  She 
concentrated on her nipple pain to help her ignore the 
burning agony she felt as the dildo pushed up into her.

Vincent fought his homophobia for about ten seconds 
before making his descent.  Squatting like that, he 
felt humiliated that he was appearing to take a dump.  
He reached down and grabbed the dildo firmly, aiming it 
at his ass.  Once he felt the impossibly large tool at 
his anus, he took a deep breath and dropped down 
quickly.

"Fucking shit damn!" Vincent screamed, the dildo 
impaling his body.  He went down too fast, never giving 
his body a chance to adapt but also ramming a good six 
inches into him.  It felt like he was being split in 
two, but still he lowered his body.  Vincent felt like 
he was being fucked by a bull.

Maxine looked over at the squatting screamer beside her 
and she couldn't believe her eyes.  The damn bastard 
was sinking fast on his dildo!  Maxine's ass was tight 
around her dildo, straining to encompass it and this 
asshole was making her look bad.  Her black fit ass and 
her long legs were watched lovingly by the cameras as 
she bounced on the dildo, trying to fuck it into her.  

"Time's up!  Quit moving!" Mistress Elisa commanded.  
She reached down and used a marker to mark where on the 
dildos their asses had stopped.  For both of them it 
was torture to remain still while the Dominatrix 
casually made her marks.  Both of them cried out with 
relief when they were allowed to stand back up.

"The sluts took in eight inches, and the wimps took in 
eleven!  The wimps win another two hundred dollars!"  
Mistress Elisa happily announced.  "Vincent, you have 
what it takes to take a cock!  Maxine, you can learn 
something from him.  You'll get your chance to learn 
now, for your punishment is you have to wear this butt-
plug for the rest of the show."

Before Maxine could react, the male enforcers left 
Vincent's side and grabbed the screaming black woman.  
They lifted her off the ground while the female 
enforcers held tightly to her legs.  With her ass once 
again to the audience, Maxine screamed as she felt 
Mistress Elisa insert the three-inch rubber plug in her 
ass.  Her ass was still aflame from the pounding she 
gave it, and this rubber piece in her ass only reminded 
her of what she had suffered.

"That's it for round two!" Mistress Elisa told the 
cameras as Maxine hobbled to her partner.  "The score 
is nine hundred for the wimps, and five hundred for the 
sluts.  Come back after this commercial to see Final 
Humiliation, followed by the losers getting on their 
knees!"

"And we're cut!" the intercom announced.  Their 
enforcers closely guarded both groups of contestants as 
stagehands scrambled to pull almost everything off the 
set.  Mistress Elisa was swarmed by three makeup 
artists who corrected stray hairs, dusted her cleavage 
and polished her leather gear.  Two circular platforms 
were brought out and the contestants were told to stand 
on them.  An ominous platform was placed between the 
two groups consisting of two-foot stools with leather 
straps.  The stools were facing each other and looked 
very sturdy.

"That's where you're going when we win assholes!" 
Maxine yelled at the guys.  Her hips kept shifting as 
she tried to get comfortable with a butt-plug up her 
ass.

"Fat chance, jingle-tits!" Vincent snapped back.  
"We're four hundred ahead!"

Kyle and Amma looked at each other, each a bit 
embarrassed by their partners.  Kyle felt terrible for 
whipping the girl.  She seemed like a nice person and 
now he certainly couldn't ask her out.  Amma was 
thinking the same thing, though she was a bit disturbed 
by the erection that was swinging between his legs.  
She thought he had to be some sort of pervert to be 
enjoying this, but she couldn't deny the fire she felt 
herself.

"You're only four hundred ahead because you took that 
pole up your ass," Maxine countered, snapping her head 
back and forth as she talked.  She winced, the rapid 
head movement made her breasts swing and the clamps 
tugged mercilessly at her nipples.  "If the next 
contest involves sucking dick you'll probably win that, 
too!"

That last comment hit too close to home for Vincent.  
"Your mama!" he yelled, and even Kyle looked at him 
oddly for that remark.

"Quiet on the set, we're ready to go," the intercom 
announced, so Vincent and Maxine resorted to hand 
gestures to continue their insults.

"Welcome back to 'On Your Knees', it's time for Final 
Humiliation!"  Mistress Elisa announced.  She had left 
her podium and stood between the two contestants.  She 
carried a set of cards sticking out of her cleavage. 

"The rules are simple," Mistress Elisa said.  "I will 
read a command from a card.  The first team that does 
the command wins three hundred dollars.  When time is 
up, the team with the least money has to get on their 
knees!  Sluts, you're behind by two hundred dollars, so 
work your sorry asses!"

Mistress Elisa drew a card from her cleavage.  "The 
first command, is one of you slap the ass of the 
other."

SLAP!  Vincent jumped as Kyle quickly spanked the ass 
of his partner.  Maxine and Amma were still looking at 
each other when Kyle had reacted.

"Very good, wimps!" Mistress Elisa said.

"Dude!"  Vincent complained.  He rubbed his ass 
tenderly.

"Next command, get on all fours and bark like a dog!"

Kyle dropped to his knees like a marine ordered to do 
push-ups.  Maxine moved to bend down but the plug in 
her ass flared as she bent over.  By the time Amma 
tried to take her place, Kyle was already barking.  The 
crowd laughed and barked back at the humiliated guy.

"You have what it takes, Kyle.  We might need to talk 
later, wimp," Mistress Elisa quipped, drawing amusement 
from the crowd.

"Damn it," Maxine complained.  "Listen Amma, it's up to 
you.  Whatever she says, just do it."

"You sure?" Amma asked.

"Yes, don't even hesitate.  I want to beat these 
fuckers," Maxine said ruthlessly.

"The next command is to grab the pubic hair of your 
partner!"

"Fuck you Kyle," Vincent snapped.

On the other platform, Amma snapped her hand over to 
Maxine's bush.  The contrast of her pale hand next to 
Maxine's skin was captured in loving detail by the 
cameras.  Amma was surprised by how soft and pliant 
Maxine's hair was, but she was more than happy to let 
go when they were given their three hundred dollars.

"Finally the sluts are playing," Mistress Elisa 
announced.  "You're still five hundred behind and 
here's the next command.  Suck the big toe of your 
partner!"

"Jesus!" Vincent swore and as Kyle dropped to beside 
his feet.  Kyle hesitated as he looked at his friend's 
toe.  There was no way he was going to touch that.

Meanwhile, Amma bent to one knee while Maxine carefully 
raised one foot to rest on Amma's knee.  Amma grimaced 
as she guided Maxine's toe to her mouth.  The poor girl 
tried not to let her tongue touch Maxine's toe, but it 
was impossible not to taste the woman's dirty feet.

"Another three hundred to the sluts, you're starting to 
catch up!" Mistress Elisa said.  "The score right now 
is fifteen hundred to eleven hundred."

"Damn it Vincent, do you want to get on your knees and 
let Maxine do what ever she wants with you?" Kyle 
snarled as their scores were recapped.

"Well, no," Vincent admitted.  "But all of these 
commands are gay."

"Look at it this way," Kyle tried.  "You've already 
taken a dildo up your ass, wouldn't you be willing to 
do it again just to fuck Maxine?"

Vincent looked at the leggy black girl, her nipples 
adorned with the golden bells.  "Yeah, yeah, you're 
right!  Let's win this thing!"

"The next command is for one of you to grab your ankles 
while the other partner rubs their crotch against your 
ass!"

"Ok, we'll let that one slide," Kyle admitted to a 
relieved Vincent.

Amma blushed as she tried to grab her ankles.  Her 
large breasts pressed against her legs as she tried to 
hold her balance.  Maxine had no problem with stepping 
behind the white girl and grabbing her hips.  The tall 
girl had to stoop a little but she danced her crotch 
against Amma's ass until Mistress Elisa declared them 
the winner.  Maxine was even getting used to the butt-
plug; it barely hurt at all when she humped Amma's ass.

"Another three hundred to the sluts and we have our 
next command.  Bite your partner's nipple, and make 
sure we see your teeth!"

Amma turned to dive at Maxine's chest but stopped when 
she considered the golden clamps.  She changed tactics 
and grabbed Maxine's head and bent the tall black woman 
down to her chest.  Maxine bit Amma's pink nipple 
gently, her eyes shut and her face grimacing.  She was 
shocked to hear Mistress Elisa announce the guys as the 
winners.

Both girls looked and to their disbelief, Kyle had 
Vincent's nipple in his teeth.  Vincent smiled weakly 
as the audience shouted several lewd offers.  Kyle 
stood back up and wiped his mouth vigorously.

"I think you are all starting to enjoy this," teased 
Mistress Elisa.  "Your next command is to get on all 
fours and let your partner sit on your back."

Kyle and Amma dropped to their knees again; at this 
point they were used to it.  Vincent paused as he 
thought about the implications of his bare cock on 
Kyle's back.  Maxine on the other hand straddled Amma 
quickly, but was having trouble lowering herself with 
her butt-plug being squeezed by her shifting buttocks.  
Maxine saw that Vincent was just barely swinging his 
leg over Kyle's kneeling body, and that's when the 
black woman went for broke.  She surrendered to her 
dilemma and dropped her ass on Amma's waiting body.  
The impact sent a jarring spasm through her butt-plug, 
but it was worth it when the sluts were declared the 
winners of another three hundred dollars.

"The next command is-" Mistress Elisa was interrupted 
by the noise of a whip cracking.  "Wait, that is the 
end of Final Humiliation!  Let's check our scores.  The 
pitiful wimps have eighteen hundred dollars and the 
sluts only have seventeen hundred dollars.  The wimps 
are today's winners and the girls have to . . ."

The crowd chanted "Get on your knees!"

The male enforcers left the guys' side and rushed over 
to the women before they could put up a resistance.  
Amma and Maxine had their hands forced behind their 
backs and handcuffs were snapped around their wrists.  
Maxine swore at the enforcers the entire time they 
pushed her over to the footstools.  The girls were 
positioned so that they were facing each other as they 
were forced to kneel on the footstools.  The enforcers 
worked quickly to strap the leather around their knees 
that were spread apart for maximum entry.

"Now wimps, enjoy yourselves though try to make it last 
at least ten minutes," Mistress Elisa whispered to the 
stunned men.  "If you get off too soon, try to fill the 
extra time by spanking them or doing something else 
equally humiliating.  We do want the folks at home to 
get their money's worth.  If you chicken out, we'll let 
have the enforcers use them.  Either way, those girls 
are getting fucked tonight."

"Yes ma'am!" Vincent yelled.  

"I can't believe we're going to fuck in front of all 
these people," Kyle said as the girls were strapped in.

"Hey, after all the abuse this crowd has given us, I 
don't mind making them jealous by fucking these hot 
girls," answered Vincent.

"True, but I feel bad for the girls," Kyle said.

"What?  Do you seriously think they wouldn't do the 
same for us?" Vincent said.  "Look at this way.  Do you 
really want them to get used by those masked guys?  
You're doing them a favor."

Mistress Elisa then walked over to the two bound girls.  
"Listen sluts, if you bite our winners, or in anyway 
disrupt their enjoyment, then you forfeit you winnings, 
and you are considered in breach of your contract.  Let 
me just assure you, the local justice system will 
violate you worse than our winners ever could.  I hope 
you think about this."

"Go to it wimps!" Mistress Elisa yelled out.  She stood 
between the two girls, tilting her hands in the 
international style of game show hostesses presenting 
prizes.  "We're only an hour long show!"

"About time!" Vincent yelled walking right over to 
Maxine.  "Who's getting fucked now?" he asked as he 
stepped behind her.  He brought his hand on her ass 
hard, enjoying the feel of her firm ass.  Maxine jumped 
at the impact and Vincent put his hand on her shoulder 
to keep her still.

"I'm going to keep spanking you till you ask me to fuck 
you," Vincent warned.  He had a lot of aggression to 
work through.

The bare-handed blows rained down on Maxine's ass.  The 
crowd loved it, laughing and taunting the wincing black 
girl.  Maxine's tits kept ringing from every impact, 
the bells bouncing with his spanks.  Each spank also 
aggravated her butt-plug, sending a fresh new jolt of 
pain.  Maxine had never been so humiliated and yet the 
loss of control sparked something deep in her belly.  
She knew how to stop him from slapping her ass, and for 
some reason, the idea turned her on.

"Ok, ok!" Maxine yelled.  "Fuck me, fuck me! Just fuck 
me now!"

Vincent paused, unsure of what he heard.  Then he 
quickly dropped down and mounted her from behind.  He 
felt the welts of her ass on his thighs and stomach, 
and it aroused him further to know that heat came from 
him. He held on to her bound wrists so she wouldn't 
fall completely forward and holding her up like this, 
he began to pump her savagely.  

Maxine shuddered as he pounded her.  The act of 
surrender had obliterated all guilt for her.  She knew 
she had no choice in the manner, she knew she was being 
used in front of a large audience but none of that 
mattered because she couldn't stop it anyway.  Once she 
accepted how helpless she was, she began to enjoy 
Vincent for what he was- a hard, insistent cock.  For 
the first time in Maxine's life, she had given in to 
her desires, and the result was pure pleasure.

Vincent was so eager; he couldn't hold onto Maxine and 
fuck her at the same time.  With her body leaning 
forward enough to allow his cock, it took a lot of his 
strength just to hold on to her wrists.  Mistress Elisa 
saw his trouble and reached down to grab a handful of 
Maxine's black hair.  The dominatrix waved Vincent's 
hands away and she held Maxine's body up by the hair.  
The black woman cried out as her weight fell forward 
and the tugging of her hair caught her.  The pain was 
just another distraction as Vincent's cock filled her 
pussy.	

Opposite Maxine, Kyle had walked over to in front of 
Amma and dropped down to grab her ass from behind.  The 
wet blond also nibbled on her ear, but that was just a 
ruse to talk to her.

"Listen, they said if we fucked you girls well, we'll 
double our winnings," he whispered.  "If we didn't, you 
girls would be fucked by the enforcers.  How about we 
work together and I'll split with you the doubled 
money?"

Amma was experiencing strange tingles from where Kyle's 
breath was on her neck.  Her choice was easy.  She 
turned her head and appeared to be kissing his ear when 
she gave her answer.

"It's a deal, please fuck me now," Amma whispered.

Kyle didn't need to be told twice.  He moaned when she 
made her request and stood up.  He quickly walked 
behind Amma's kneeling body and then sat down.  Kyle 
spun his body around and then lay back, placing his 
face between her bound legs.  Reaching up, he grabbed 
her pale, round ass and lowered her body onto his face.

Amma's head tilted back as Kyle's mouth touched her 
sensitive sex.  The hot studio lights made her sweat 
but his tongue and lips on her sex made her shiver.  
Kyle's mouth cooled the welts she had received from 
Mistress Elisa's lashes and every time his tongue would 
trace one of her lash marks, Amma would moan 
uncontrollably.  When his mouth found her clitoris, she 
had her first climax as his tongue whipped her in a 
more pleasing way.

The camera zoomed in on Amma's climaxing face.  It 
captured the way her mouth opened the bead of sweat on 
her forehead, the trembling of her lips and the 
clenched eyes that told of her orgasm.  Amma bounced 
her body on Kyle's mouth as much as the straps would 
allow, driving her sex harder onto his mouth.

"Five minutes left wimps," Mistress Elisa announced too 
quietly for the audience to hear.  "Let's see some 
money shots!"

"Get up here," Amma sighed, looking down on Kyle 
between her legs.  "I can't take any more down there,"

Kyle slid out from under Amma, his face shiny with her 
desire.  The crowd cheered him, clapping furiously.  He 
gave them a half-hearted wave; Kyle had never been 
applauded for oral sex before.

When Kyle came around to Amma's front, the girl bent 
her head down and captured his standing cock in her 
lips.  He held onto her ponytail plaits as the freckled 
woman sucked his cock down.  He felt her large breasts 
sway with her body, bouncing constantly into his knees. 
Her head was in a perfect loop of motion, sucking him 
down to his balls and then returning back up to the tip 
of his cock.  

While Kyle received a grateful blowjob, Vincent was 
experiencing performance anxiety.  He was humping 
Maxine's tight pussy for all he was worth but he just 
couldn't climax.  Even with the beautiful Mistress 
Elisa and her wonderful cleavage in front of him, he 
couldn't cross that threshold and cum.  

Maxine had similar problems.  Her body was at a forty-
five degree angle and her breasts were bouncing 
painfully with every thrust from the rapid Vincent.  
That pain was compounded by the screaming of her scalp, 
but all of that was nothing compared to the burning 
insertion of her butt-plug.  Once she had surrendered 
to her feelings, she was having great sex, but the 
combined pain was too much to let her climax.

"Take the plug out of my ass," Maxine yelled to her co-
star.

Vincent put his hand on the ring sticking out of her 
ass.  "Why should I?" he teased.

Maxine growled, not used to having to negotiate.  
"Please, it hurts too much!"

Not even Vincent could maintain his hostility for long.  
Maybe his own anal entry had softened his heart as 
well.  Whatever the reason, Vincent grabbed the ring of 
her butt-plug and pulled it slowly out.  He pulled it 
slowly because he didn't want it to hurt too much when 
it came out.

Vincent didn't know that his slow pulling created a 
powerful reaction in Maxine.  The act of the plug 
slowly retracting from her ass was as intense a 
sensation as being entered.  Maxine moaned a crescendo 
as the plug slowly moved past her cheeks.  As the 
tension slowly released, Maxine's pussy became more 
sensitive.  When the plug did pop free, and the pain 
finally stopped, the sudden release of tension caused 
Maxine's sensitive sex to finally climax.  Her body 
shook and legs tried so hard to move against their 
bonds.  Her ass jerked and her tits as the orgasm 
bounced through her body.

Poor Vincent still hadn't come yet.  "Hey Kyle, you 
want to swap up?" he asked.

Kyle's hands were in iron grips around Amma's plaits 
while the woman sucked her faster.  "Fuck no!" Kyle 
snapped.

Amma giggled slightly at his reaction, causing her lips 
to vibrate against his cock.  When he moaned, her blue 
eyes looked up at him and smiled.  She started to hum, 
gently at first and the reaction was immediate.  Kyle's 
breathing deepened and he started fucking her mouth 
with slight motions.  Amma continued to hum as she 
flickered her tongue over his cock's opening.  

"I'm going to cum!" Kyle shuddered and Mistress Elisa 
was instantly by his side.  The Hispanic woman took 
charge and pulled Amma's mouth away by one of her 
plaits and she grabbed Kyle's cock with a gloved hand.  
Keeping Amma's face inches away from Kyle's cock, 
Mistress Elisa stroked him into a messy climax.  
Strings of cum flew from his cock onto Amma's trapped 
face as Mistress Elisa masturbated every last drop from 
his body.

When Mistress Elisa went to Kyle, she released Maxine's 
hair and the black girl was lucky enough to catch 
herself from falling.  Vincent was still pounding her 
from behind and although Maxine was enjoying it, the 
poor guy just couldn't climax.  The cheering crowd, the 
bright lights, the menacing enforcers and the fact that 
he was fucking on camera was just too much of a 
distraction.  Like a machine he kept fucking her, but 
he never managed to cum.

"That's all the time we have for On Your Knees!" 
Mistress Elisa said, still coaxing a drop of semen from 
Kyle.  "Good night and join us next time!"

"No!" Vincent yelled and right then, he felt the surge.  
He quickly pulled out of her pussy and pumped his cock 
as fast as he could.  The audience laughed at the sight 
of the desperate American beating his cock behind the 
bound black girl.  Ignoring their laughs, Vincent 
finally exploded, sending his hot cum spraying over 
Maxine's back.  The bound woman jerked as the hot semen 
hit her and she tried to wriggle out of her bonds as 
the messy cum dripped down her back and over her ass.

"I did it!" Vincent cried.

"Yes you did," Mistress Elisa said.  "But it was when 
we went off the air.  Better luck next time asshole."

While the enforcers helped Amma out of her bounds and 
gave her a towel to clean up with, Kyle stayed by her 
side.

"You played pretty well, I wish you were my partner," 
Kyle said.

Amma blushed.  "Your friend seems like a jerk," she 
said.  She became conscious of her nudity now that the 
show was over and crossed her arms over her large 
chest.

"I know this is kind of awkward to ask with us just 
having sex and being tortured for a international 
audience, but I was wondering if you would like to come 
with me on my resort trip?" he asked.

"To Sadism 2?  The resort that sounds a lot like what 
we just suffered?" Amma asked as she wrapped the towel 
around her waist.  

"Yeah but this time I'll get on my knees," he offered.

Amma looked at Maxine who was wiping cum off her back 
and throwing it at Vincent.

"We'll take turns," she responded.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Shon Richards


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





