BDSM Library - The Picnic




The Picnic
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Lover takes girlfriend for seculed picnic in mountains.
The Picnic
By Wizard698@netscape.net




The Picnic
By Wizard698@netscape.net

Its late October and the weather has gotten very cold as fall approaches.  The
forecast for today is frost on the ground with fog lifting in the late morning
and warm sunny skies predicted for the afternoon.  You give a sigh at the
forecast and go into the closet to pick out the outfit you will wear to work
today.

You get dressed for work in your sexy undergarments of red lace bra, red thong
panties, and tan seminude pantyhose.  Next comes your navy business suit with a
white sheer blouse.  The skirt is about two inches above the knee, very
conservative for the office, yet very appropriate. Finally you pull on your
conservative navy heels and make a few last minute adjustments to your clothes
and makeup before grabbing your suit jacket and leaving the bedroom.

As you walk through the kitchen, you fill your coffee mug, grab your keys and
purse and head out the door.  Pulling into traffic, the fog is really thick and
there seems to be more traffic then usual.  You settle into your boring daily
commute and sip on your coffee as the radio updates you on the horrible traffic
congestion.  Frustrated at the slow pace of traffic, you turn off the radio and
insert your favorite CD into the player.  The music calms you and allows your
mind to wander to far away places, instead of this terrible mess you're trapped
in.

The commute this morning is worse than horrible.  Your coffee mug was emptied
long ago, something that normally happens just as you pull into the parking lot. 
As you finally pull into the parking lot, much later than normal, you remember
the meeting with your boss.  You rush into the office, but make a stop in the
ladies room to relieve yourself of the coffee before the long meeting.

The briefing goes well and heading back to your office, you stop to pick up your
messages and a package from the secretary. You notice that your lover, Steve,
has sent you a package and your heart almost leaps out of your chest.  He rarely
sends you things at work, so you know that it must be important.

You almost jog to your office, close and lock the door then run to the desk to
open the box.  Your heart is racing and your hands are starting to break out in
a cold sweat from the excitement.  Your knees are shaking, so you carefully move
around the desk and plop down in your chair before you fall over.

The box contains a short letter and a few items of sexy lingerie.  As you read
the letter, a sly sexy smile appears on your face.  Steve has plans for lunch
and has requested that you ask for the rest of the day off. 

Since you have to ask your boss for the afternoon off, you head for his office
and poke your head in his opened door.

"Excuse me Boss, I'd like to take an extended lunch."

"How long will you be?"

"I'd like to take the rest of the day off, please."

"Well, since your briefing went so well, no problem.  See you tomorrow."

"Thanks." And then you head back to your office.

Sitting behind your desk, you're bundle of nerves.  You keep rereading the
letter and wonder what is in store for you.  As the clock slowly works its way
toward noon, you finally realize that you have done nothing productive for the
last two and a half hours.  It's 11:53 when you suddenly remember the sexy
lingerie in the box.

Frightened by this oversight, you let out a small yell, grab the box and rush to
the ladies room.  The secretary outside your office watches you in wonderment as
you rush past her towards the ladies room.  Concerned about your sudden
outburst, she follows you.

You race into the first empty stall, slam the door and almost tear off your
skirt.  You kick off the heels, frantically removing the pantyhose and thong
panties. As you look up, you realize that the door didn't close and is now wide
open.  The secretary is looking in and wondering what the problem is. 

Your face immediately goes bright red in embarrassment and you quickly try to
cover up your shaved pussy. Sheepishly you say, "I'm expecting Steve for lunch."

"Ooooohhhh," she replies with a sly grin and knowing wink.  With that she exits
the ladies room. 

Closing the door, you reach in and grab the nude colored silk stockings and
carefully run them up each smooth leg.  Next comes the black garter belt. 
Fastening the stockings to the belt is not as easy as it should be because of
your excitement.  Finally you put on the sheer black g-string.  Stepping back
into your heels, you place your other undergarments into the box.  Finally the
skirt is replaced and smoothed out.  With a deep sigh, you open the door, wash
your hands and head back to your office.  The secretary smiles that knowing
smile, shrugs her shoulders and heads back to her desk.

**********

Steve pulls into the parking lot in his white Lexus LS400 and parks.  He gets
out of the car and heads to the main office entrance.  He is dressed in a navy
blue blazer, light blue starched shirt with white collar, burgundy & cream tie,
black belt, dark green chino pants, black socks and burgundy loafers.  His
muscular body exudes confidence as he saunters toward the entrance.

**********

Steve enters the building and walks toward your office.  He's carrying a single
red rose.  The secretaries in the office all stop and look at Steve as he walks
past and slight sighs of jealousy can be heard around the office.  Steve enters
your office and you jump from your chair and excitedly rush to his side.

"This is for my lovely lady.  Ready?"

"Oh, it's beautiful. Just let me get my purse and we can be on our way."  You
quickly return to your desk and retrieve your purse.  Just as quickly, you
return to his side.

Steve closes the office door behind him and then reaches out his arms, embraces
you in a wonderfully strong hug and gives you a deep passionate kiss.  You melt
in his strong arms and return the kiss.  Your pussy starts dripping again and
this reminds you that you're wearing just a flimsy g-string instead of your
thong panties.  Steve breaks the kiss and takes both of your hands in his. 
Lifting your right hand to his mouth, he softly kisses the tips of your fingers. 
A shiver of excitement runs down your spine and your knees turn to jello. 

As he releases the kiss, your lover steps back and begins to unbutton your
blouse.  Startled, you attempt to stop him.  His strong hands are unyielding in
their task and he whispers that's it'll be ok.  Reluctantly, you allow him to
remove the blouse and he carefully places it in the box.  He closes the box and
helps you into your navy blazer.  With a sigh of relief, you allow him to open
the door and the two of you exit your office.

Once outside, your lover embraces you again in a long passionate kiss and
caresses your backside from your neck to your ass.  He playfully pats your ass
and rubs his hand over it.  Then he gently squeezes your ass checks and jiggles
them up and down before giving them a final light pat.

Finally, you reach his car and he opens the door for you so you can get in.  You
slide into the luxurious gray leather seat and carefully raise your legs into
the car.  Your lover closes your door, walks around and gets in.  One more long
sensuous kiss before he starts the car and heads down the road.

In silence, you wonder where you are headed and what will be expected of you
once you are there.  You are getting hot with the excitement of the unknown and
your mind drifts off into another sexual daydream.

"I'm just so nervous and excited.  Where' we going?"

"You'll see.  Now just sit back and relax, we've still got a ways to go.  I
think you'll enjoy the ride much better if you take off the jacket."

A slight gasp escapes your lips as you begin to unbutton the jacket.  It's been
a long time since you've been topless in the car.  As you remove the jacket, a
truck pulls along side and blasts his horn in appreciation.  You bow your head
and blush in response.  You toss the jacket into the back seat and stare
straight ahead.

Your lover heads the car out of town and towards the mountains.  Your breathing
increases and your heart starts to pound in your chest as you see the mountains
in the distance.  You love the fresh crisp mountain air and the trees are just
beginning to change colors.  It will be a lovely ride. 

To help pass the time, you decide to give Steve a blowjob.  You carefully unzip
his pants and work his beautiful cock in your mouth.  Your tongue dances around
his thick manhood as your head bobs up and down.  He tastes so good as you
continue to savor every inch of him.
 
As time passes, the trees are changing from green to displaying all their
beautiful fall colors and the scenery is alive with color and the smell of fall. 
The fog has lifted and the sun is out.  It's going to be a beautiful Indian
Summer afternoon.  The sun shines in through the moon roof of the Lexus and
warms your face.  Total bliss.

As your lover maneuvers the LS 400 through the winding roads of the mountains,
your attention is divided between giving him the blowjob and watching nature's
beautiful display of colors outside.  In defeat of your wondrous mouth, your
lover cums in your mouth and you hungrily suck down all of his salty cum.

The car starts to slow as your lover pulls into a scenic overlook rest area. 
The car stops in an empty parking spot, there are no other cars around.  He
turns off the engine, pops the trunk switch, and then pulls you to him.  He
lightly kisses your soft lips again and then reaches behind your neck and pulls
you closer.  After another long passionate kiss, he exits the car and walks to
the trunk.  You are still sitting in your seat, too excited to move.  Your heart
is racing and your body is on the verge of cumming, you are sooo hot for your
lover.

Steve retrieves the picnic basket and a blanket from the trunk and heads to your
door to let you out.  As you step out, he takes your hand and helps you exit the
car.  You ask for your jacket, but he tells you not to worry about it.  Hand in
hand the two of you walk past the picnic tables and head for a more intimate
sight away from the parking lot.  The scenery is breath taking and the sun is
warm on your face.

Steve leads the way to a large clearing away from the sight of any passerby's
that may stop at the scenic overlook.  He spreads out the blanket and motions
for you to join him on the ground.  He lies down on the blanket and removes his
shoes and sox.  You sit down across from him, fold you legs under your body and
remove your heels.

As you both sit on the blanket, Steve starts taking out the picnic lunch that he
has specially prepared for today.  You are so excited, yet relaxed.  Sitting on
the blanket without a blouse is exhilarating, yet scary.  You shake out your
hair and take in a deep breath of fresh mountain air.  Your nipples are hard and
can be clearly seen sticking out from your red lace bra. You move your legs
around in front of you, stretch them out and wiggle your toes like a little
girl.  Everything is perfect.

Your lover pours you a glass of wine and hands it to you, but not before you
both engage in another long passionate kiss.  You both take a sip of wine and it
slides smoothly down your throat.  He pulls out the other items he has fixed. 
As the items of food are carefully placed on the two plates, you suddenly
realize just how hungry you are and can't wait to begin the feast. 

You take another sip of wine and give your lover a sheepish smile, trying to
hide your excitement.  You're not quite sure if your excitement is for the food
or for the sex that you hope will happen soon.  A soft sigh escapes your lips as
you stare into your lover's beautiful eyes.

"Yes, Sweetie?" he asks.

"I'm just so happy to be here with you."

"Me too.  Please remove the skirt."

Your face blushes and sheepishly you set down your wineglass.  Your heart starts
to race and your breathing becomes slower and deeper. On shaky legs, you rise,
unzip the skirt and let it slide down your body.  You carefully step out of it,
fold it and place it on the blanket.  You return to lying on the blanket,
wearing just your red lace bra, wet black sheer g-string, black garter belt and
nude sheer stockings.

"Beautiful, my Sweetness.  Now your bra and g-string."

You carefully lift your ass and remove the damp g-string.  Tossing it aside, you
next unhook and remove the red lace bra.  Now you are sitting on the blanket in
just the nude stockings and black garter belt.  Your golden tan complements your
body and the sheer stockings.  Your hair is blowing in the slight breeze and a
few stray strands of hair dance across your face.  Your sensuous lips are almost
trembling in excitement as you await your lover's next request.

Instead of making you remove the stockings and garter belt, Steve removes his
tie and rolls up the long sleeves of his shirt.  Then he hands you a plate of
food.  Instead of eating himself, he removes a grape from the plate and feeds it
to you.  As your mouth opens, he places it in and then gently caresses your lips
with his fingers as you eat the grape.  You are getting hotter and let out a
soft low moan of pleasure.

Lunch continues for the next hour as your lover occasionally feeds you other
items from your plate.  You are enjoying each other's attention and you can feel
the sexual charge increase in the air around you.  Things couldn't be more
romantic.  You want to attack him and make wild passionate love to him.  You
yearn to feel his hard cock in your mouth and in your wet pussy.  The feel of
his hands pulling your nipples and pussy lips.  The soft caress of his hands on
your neck, your back, your thighs, the bottoms of your feet.  If something
doesn't happen soon, you are going to climax from just the excitement.

Just as you thought it couldn't get any better or more frustrating, Steve asks
you to remove his shirt. Almost jumping atop him, you quickly unbutton his shirt
and forcibly remove it from his body.  Carefully, you fold the shirt and place
it next to your clothes.  Tentatively, you lower your mouth to his nipples and
gently suck one into your mouth.  A low moan escapes his mouth and you know that
you have done well.

You continue your soft attack on his nipples and rub your hands across the hair
on his broad chest.  He plays with your hair and caresses your back.  Then he
asks you to remove his pants. Quickly you unbuckle his belt, yank down the
zipper and almost rip the pants from his body.  He laughs at your eagerness as
he lifts his ass to assist you in removing the pants.  You notice that his black
briefs have a damp spot in the front and giggle to yourself.

Once the pants are off, you carefully fold them and place them atop his shirt. 
Your hand immediately reaches out for his crotch and you grab his stiffening
dick.  Not satisfied to just hold his dick, you move your face closer to his
crotch.  As your mouth approaches the object of your desires, you gently blow on
his dick, before licking it through the briefs.

Your lover continues to caress your back while you attack his dick.  You slide a
finger under the leg band and reach in to pull his stiff dick out so you can
place it in your mouth.  While you are trying to suck his dick, he is playing
with your tits and hard nipples.

You have been sucking on his dick for a few minutes when he taps you on the
shoulder.  Startled, you jerk up and your tits sway back and forth.  Drool
dribbles down your chin from all your attention to his dick.  Your lover motions
that he wants to play with your bald pussy. You lean back and your shaved mound
comes into view.  Your wet, smooth, enlarged pussy lips are aching for
attention.

He dips his head down to your crotch and inhales deeply.  It is almost enough to
make you cum right there, but somehow you hold back.  Your lover continues his
attack on your pussy with soft kisses and deep penetrating licks on your clit
with his tongue.  You are in ecstasy and your head is rolling back and forth in
the throes of passion.  Lost in the sensual feelings he is bringing out in you.

Just as you are reaching the edge, he removes his tongue from your pussy.  In
frustration, you moan loudly and try to reach for his head to return it to your
enflamed pussy.  Instead, he pulls you on top of him and spins you around into a
69 position.  His hard dick is bobbing in front of your eyes and his tongue has
returned to your pussy.  His hands grab your nipples and start to pull on them.

Not wishing to be left out, you open wide and your mouth engulfs his manhood. 
You happily slurp away on his stiff dick and you expertly work you tongue and
lips around it.  Your head bobs up and down as you pull out all the stops.  You
are determined to make him cum before you.  He is working on your pussy and clit
with equal abandon. 

SMACK!!  Your lover slaps your ass and you almost pull away from his dick in
surprise.  You are sooo close to cumming and you renew your efforts on his dick.

SMACK!! "UUUUUUGGGGGHHHHHHHHH" you moan around his dick as you cum. This sends
you over the edge and the first of the many waves of your orgasm cascade over
you.

Suddenly, you feel his hot sperm hit the back of your throat and you work to
swallow it all.  You continue to milk his dick, sucking every drop from it that
you can.  His dick continues to jerk in your mouth as the last few drops are
sucked from it.  Your own body spasms are starting to subside as your climax
starts its downward spiral.

Slowly, you lift your head from his dick and lick your lips getting the last of
his sperm into your mouth.  His face is covered with your love juices and he too
is licking his lips.  He carefully rolls you onto your side and swings his body
around to kiss your sweet lips.

Brushing your hair aside, he passionately kisses you, deep, long and hard.  Your
tongues are dancing with each other.  His hand reaches out and tweaks your
nipple.  He breaks the kiss and carefully raises his body to lie on top of you. 
You reach down and grab his dick and give it a few gentle yet forceful tugs.  It
is wet from your saliva and easily slides back and forth between your dainty
fingers.  It immediately responds to your touch.

Slowly, he lowers his body onto yours as his dick seeks out your pussy.  You
spread your legs and wrap them around him.  His dick finds its target and slowly
starts working its way in. His dick fills your pussy and his wet pubic hair
tickles your shaven mound.  You feel his balls on your lips and know that you
are in for the ride of your life.  Your lover pulls out and then slams into your
pussy again, burying his dick deep in your pussy.  You lock your legs tighter
around his body and your arms wrap around his strong back.  You feel your
nipples being tickled by the hair on his chest.

Your lover kisses you deeply as he continues his pelvic thrusts into your
yearning pussy.  He continues his assault on your body and you on his.  You feel
the beginnings of another climax building deep within your womb.  As you
continue to climb the mountain of ecstasy, you quickly roll him over onto his
back.  Now you are sitting atop him, your pussy is gyrating wildly on his stiff
dick.  His hands reach up and massage your tits and pull at your hardened
nipples.

One more deep thrust and you explode.  Your body becomes a bundle of tingling
nerves, your pussy clutches and spasms around his dick, trying to pull it
farther into you.  You feel the first spurts of his jism in you as your pussy
continues to milk his dick.  He continues to thrust into you, trying to get
deeper.

Finally, in exhaustion, your lover slows his thrusts and starts to relax beneath
you.  Your full weight starts to bear down on him as your intense climax slowly
fades and your body goes limp. As you continue to come down from the climax, you
feel him slightly raise himself and you roll off his body. 

Breathing becomes easier, even though your heart is still racing.  After a few
more minutes to recover, you lean over and softly kiss him on the lips.  He
returns the kiss.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Wizard698


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





