BDSM Library - Good Wife University (GWU)




Good Wife University (GWU)
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A university specialized to teach women how to become good wives. Here they focused on subject sex.
Good Wife University (GWU)

By Bobbi Jo




Preface

Good Wife University (GWU)
Established May 28, 1951
Founders: Mary Ellen Wise and Gwendolyn B. Smart

Mary Ellen Wise and Gwen Smart saw many changes during their lifetimes. Most
were good. They fought for suffrage and saw the 19th Amendment ratified in 1920.
They believed in equal pay for equal work, regardless of race, creed, color,
sex, or national origin and were active in the civil rights movement. More than
anything else, they believed in marriage and the family as the basis of
civilization. But after World War II, they watched marriages deteriorate.
Although both had large families and looked forward to grandchildren, their
children seemed headed toward divorce.

Wise and Smart believed that marital disharmony was often the fault of newly
'liberated' women. 'Liberated' wives discarded traditional roles and values,
ignoring proven behavior as being obsolete. The result was an increase in
divorce, unhappiness, single parent families, neglected or abused children, and
a host of other problems. The pair believed that the cause was largely young
women rejecting marriage techniques that had worked for centuries.

So they recorded their thoughts on what made a happy and fulfilling marriage.
After some long discussions, they developed a plan and in May, 1951, they faked
serious illness so their daughters and daughters-in-law would come home. Once
the four young women arrived, they found themselves locked in the basement until
they learned the lessons that the Wise and Smart had prepared.

The founder's husbands came up with complimentary instruction for their sons and
sons-in-law. In the '50s, men were still breadwinners. Wives usually stayed home
to care for the children. Men had to work so their program was spread out over a
series of evening and weekend meetings and retreats. The young women, however,
were not allowed freedom until their mothers determined that they were prepared
to be good wives.

Although unconventional and of questionable legality, it worked. After a few
weeks in confinement, the four young wives went home and practiced what they
learned. Their lives and marriages improved and all four voluntarily came back,
forgiving their mothers for kidnapping them and begging for more.

Before long, others saw how the young families seemed to have fewer problems.
More importantly, couples solved problems in such a way that adversity
strengthened their relationships. One of Gwen's daughters asked if a few of her
friends could be taught how to be good wives. Wise and Smart kept the young
women prisoner for a few weeks, then sent them home to practice what they
learned. They, too, wanted to learn everything that the older wives could teach
them. Within a few years, a steady stream of young women came to learn the
secrets of being a good wives, volunteering to be kept prisoner in Gwen's
basement.

By the 1960s, happy graduates began to help with classes that were still held in
Gwen's home. Then a grateful couple donated property in the Blue Ridge Mountains
and the current Good Wife University (GWU) campus was born. It slowly grew and
expanded through the 70s, 80s, and 90s.

Today, an underground organization devoted to improving marriages operates in
the US and Canada. In addition to a main campus in the east, a campus opened in
the California desert in 1989. There are now plans to expand into the midwest
and Mexico. GWU also has extension classes in various homes throughout the
country. Because their techniques are controversial and illegal in some places,
GWU remains out of sight. This is the story of one class.




Chapter One -- A Cry for Help

Darlene didn't want her marriage to end. She and Dwayne were still together
after twelve years "for the kids" but they fought constantly. Marriage
counseling didn't help. During one session, Darlene broke down, crying, "I want
to be a good wife. I just don't have any self-control." The counselor said that
he couldn't give Darlene self-discipline. They gave up counseling.

Oh, they agreed on some things. They scrimped and saved to buy the kids a
computer for Christmas in 1993 before home computers were 'in'. Now everyone has
a computer. Although the monthly cost strained their budget, they subscribed to
an on-line service.

While the kids were in school, Darlene set aside time to learn how to use the
computer. Once she felt comfortable with it, she began to explore on-line and
found a group discussing marriage problems on a local bulletin board. She read a
lot and posted a few times. Then, among the spam, she found an e-mail message:

Date:			Fri, 2 Feb 1994 18:51:08 -0500
From:			anonymous 
Subject:		GWU
Mime-Version:	1.0
Content-Type:	text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
Status:

If you're serious about becoming a good wife and mother,
reply to this message. We can help.

Expecting some sales pitch in the next message, Darlene hit the reply button.
Now, three months later, she was signed up to attend a twelve week long
class--starting tonight.

-*-

Kim was enjoying the evening. Roger said that she needed 'wife training' if they
married. At first she objected, but gave in when he issued an ultimatum. Her
three previous marriages had failed, at least partly because of her. She was
determined to make this one work. Although their courtship lasted only a few
weeks, she felt she had found her soul mate. They had been married one month and
one day.

Roger was sophisticated, liberal, masculine, sexy, and everything else Kim
wanted in a husband. He was dark-complected and handsome with a rugged, squarish
jaw and piercing inky black eyes. At five-six, he was a nice match for her
five-one if you rounded up a half an inch. With her AmerAsian heritage, they
made a striking couple.

This was supposed to be the beginning of her wife training, but it looked more
like an ordinary cocktail party to Kim. Everyone was dressed up, but very
different. Dan, Debbie's fiancï¿½, wore an $800 suit and $200 shoes. Dwayne's suit
came from a discount store and his well-worn shoes weren't even polished.

Discussions centered on the foibles of modern marriage. Kim admitted past
mistakes and told stories about why her previous marriages failed, once she
discovered that everyone else was also having problems. Kim admitted that she
pouted and withheld sex when she didn't get her way. Other women said that they
had done the same.

Chris said that a wife should always be available for sex. She argued
convincingly that a good wife should drain her husband sexually using every
trick in the book, describing how she played 'dress up' and 'dress down',
bondage games, masseuse, hooker, dominatrix, and even sexually promiscuous
daughter for her husband. Kim found Chris' stories strangely arousing.

-*-

Laura felt out of place in the elegant country home. This was supposed to be the
start of a course in wifery. As she looked around, she felt frumpy, overweight
and under dressed. The only thing she and Bill had in common with the other
couples was marital problems.

Their sons were grown and gone. Both boys graduated from college and were
starting successful careers. Both married wonderful young women and Laura was
looking forward to grandchildren. Her favorite daughter-in-law, Sissy,
recommended this 'wife course' when Laura confided that she and Bill were stuck
in a loveless, sexless, going-nowhere marriage.

"I want us together for the grand kids," Laura tearfully confessed to her
daughter-in-law. "I don't know how we're going to make it."

So here she was, frumpy, dumpy, chubby -- well, fat -- and willing to try
anything in a last ditch effort to hold their marriage together "'til death do
us part."

Two months ago, she applied for admission to GWU. She and Bill both completed
very explicit and personal surveys, instructed to keep their answers from each
other. Then they underwent thorough physical exams. Finally, on Friday, June 7,
she stood before a notary and signed up.

-*-

"Let's get together," Clarice yelled, clapping her hands in the middle of the
room to get everyone's attention. Clarice was living proof that older women are
sexy. Slender and dressed in a black dress that few twenty-year-old women could
wear, she was stunning. Generous cleavage showed above a tightly laced bodice
that hugged her narrow waist. Her shapely legs were displayed by a slit that
went from the hem all the way to the top of her thigh and showed peeks of
stocking tops.

Clarice looked her age, 52. Wrinkles showed in her face and her dark brown hair
was flecked with gray, but she was noticed by every man in the place. Her
sensuous grace was complemented by a perpetual smile. She flirted with every man
there. Now she took charge.

"Find seats and get comfortable," she called out, not quite as loudly now that
conversations were quieting. "It's time you ladies found out what you've gotten
yourselves into."

Conversational cliques, mostly men with men and women with women broke up.
Couples rejoined and found seats together on the sectionals in the home's great
room. The middle of the room was open with everyone facing the center where
Clarice stood.

"Thank you all for coming. I'm happy you're here. We'll start with a symbolic
gesture, placing the 'chains of love'. Husbands, please shackle your wives."

Two women passed out leg shackles and each husband knelt and closed the steel
cuffs around his wife's ankles. Darlene and Debbie felt a shiver of fear as cold
metal pressed against their nylon-clad ankles. Kim felt something else, a twinge
of arousal. Laura's husband gave her a sensuous kiss, a deep Frenching that
embarrassed her. She tried to pull away. PDAs always embarrassed her.

"It's too late to back out now. For the next twelve weeks, you're prisoners of
love. Your experience will be far better and far worse than you've imagined. I
know you're wondering what's going to happen to you. Well, it's time to find
out. I think I'm a good wife but it took a lot of work to become one," she
continued. "Pleasing my husband is my life. I'm ecstatically happy now that I've
learned how to please him. All of you will learn to please your husbands."

She paused, looking at the new women knowingly. Then she continued so softly
that everyone had to listen intently to hear her. "And one thing that you are
uncomfortable with is sex. Sex. S-E-X. In twelve weeks, you'll love sex and your
husband more than you can imagine."

"I'm going to put on a little demonstration," she snickered, "I do this for my
husband. He loves me to play his 'slut wife' occasionally. It's supposed to
shock you. Don't worry. You don't have to be as nasty as I am to be a good wife,
and you won't ever have to do what I'm about to do." As she spoke, she pushed
the straps on her dress off her shoulders and reached behind her back to lower
the zipper. Smiling, she let her dress drop away to display sagging but still
attractive breasts that tilted up, topped by chocolate colored and very erect
nipples.

The newcomers looked on in shock as she pushed the dress down her hips to
display a garter belt and stockings, her only undergarments. "Come on, hon'.
Time to dress mommy," she grinned, gesturing to her husband. He held a corset
clutched in one hand and a pair of boots in the other.

Kim jumped up, yelling, "That's it. I'm out of here."

"Too late," Chris said. "You agreed to complete the course. You're..."

"Fuck you, bitch!" Kim shouted, starting toward the door but hobbled by the
shackles. "And take these gawd-damned things off of me right now."

Three women calmly got up. Peggy, the oldest at 55, went to a case against the
wall and returned with leather cuffs and other bondage implements. Chris
snatched Kim's arm and twisted it behind her, bending her arm painfully while
the other two buckled the leather cuffs around each wrist. Kim screamed
obscenities until a harness was buckled onto her head and a red rubber ball was
pressed against her lips. She clenched her teeth to resist the gag, still
mouthing a string of cuss words through her teeth.

The other women were too shocked to move. Clarice told them, "It often starts
this way. You all agreed that we might use corporal punishment and restraint to
get our lessons across. Ladies, there's no escape now. Your education has begun.
Either you can enjoy learning new things or you can spend the next twelve weeks
in bondage with your body striped with whip marks. It's your choice. Now back to
my demonstration."

Redmond, Clarice's husband, laced the corset tightly onto her body, then relaced
it three times from top to bottom until her fifty-year-old figure was hourglass
shaped and her breasts were pushed up into delectable mounds of flesh, erect
nipples showing over the top of the cups. Then she sat on a cocktail table while
he laced boots to her feet.

When she rose, the new women couldn't imagine how she could walk. Her toes were
pointed straight down with stiletto heels that looked a foot tall just behind
the pointed toe tip. But she stood gracefully and accepted a sensuous kiss and
hug from her husband before walking back to the middle of the room in short
swinging steps.

"So who'd like to be fucked and sucked?" she asked, looking around the room. Her
eyes stopped on Laura. "Your husband is aroused. His cock is hard. He's ready
for sex. Will you strip yourself and give your husband the relief he needs?"

Laura just blushed and shivered in embarrassment.

"Hon', I know your hubby's cock is up. He'd like sex right now. Just a few
minutes ago, you wouldn't even let him kiss you. In a few weeks, you'll be able
to do this and enjoy doing it."

Clarice gracefully fell to her knees in front of William and opened his fly. He
was so hard that she had to unbuckle his belt and unfasten his pants to free his
erection. She smiled at Laura as she pursed her lips and slid them down onto
Bill's prick. Then Clarice flattened her back and pushed her body forward so
Bill's average but still substantial erection disappeared completely in her
mouth until her lips were buried in his thatch of pubic hair. Her nostrils
flared, and after a few moments she had to withdraw enough to breathe, slurping
up and down his shaft.

"You can do this," she whispered to Laura as she pumped Bill's cock with her
hand. "You can please your husband sexually and oh, you can't imagine the
rewards."

"Oh, Lord!" Bill groaned as Clarice returned to sucking him. It took only
seconds before he thrust his hips forward and emptied his sperm into her mouth.
She looked up at him, grinning around his softening cock, gently licking and
sucking it clean for several minutes until it limply slipped from her lips.

Although the new women didn't think it was possible in those shoes, Clarice
tilted herself backward and gracefully rose straight up to a standing position
and tip toed over to Dan. She turned her bottom toward him.

"Fuck this old pussy, stud. I need it. It'll make Red horny and happy too.
Please, oh, please fuck me. Do it hard!"

"If you want, you can strip yourself and beg him to take you instead," Chris
told Debbie. "You need to lose your inhibitions so you can compete with sluts.
Do you want your husband to fuck you? Right here? Right now?"

Everyone looked at the poor girl. "I don't.. I.."

"It's all right," Chris said clearly. "The old lady wants to show off, don't
you, Clary? We all start out inhibited. Go on Dan. She's ready for it."

The young man looked at his fiancï¿½ uncertainly, then at the slender buttocks
framed by the corset and hose tops.

"Is it OK, Deb?" Chris asked in a stage whisper, "Wouldn't it be hot to see your
young stud fuck an old lady? You're not married yet. It's not even adultery."

Debbie passively let Chris take her hand, unbuckle her fiancï¿½'s belt, and then
open his slacks. Debbie was in a daze, mesmerized by what was happening. Dan was
hard and ready. He kissed his future bride, then knelt behind Clarice. He
positioned his cockhead at the entrance of Clarice's hole and thrust forward.

"Aahh, yes," Clarice gasped. "All the way. Go."

In two swings of his hips, Dan was buried inside Clarice, his belly pressed
against her butt.

"Don't move," Clarice panted.

As everyone watched, the older woman's gluteal muscles clenched and relaxed
rhythmically, causing Dan to groan, "Oh, gawd, what are you doing!?"

"She's milking his cock with her cunt muscles," Chris explained softly, not
wanting to break the erotic spell. "At an age when some women are incontinent
and wearing diapers, Clary can milk the spunk out of a man without moving
anything but her internal muscles. She's incredible. I'm still developing my
muscles in there and I'm getting pretty good, aren't I, hon'?"

"You sure are," Bruce, her husband, agreed.

"But one of our rules is that the man is always right," Chris whispered to Dan.
"If you want to fuck her hard, go ahead. She'll love it!"

"Gawd!!" Dan screamed shrilly, twitching in a way that let everyone know that he
was filling the older woman's pussy with a big creamy load without thrusting at
all. A few seconds later he fell back, his softening but still large prick
gleaming with a coating of his spunk and Clarice's juices.

"Thanks, stud," Clarice whispered, swiveling around on her knees to gently lick
and suck his cock clean. "Now I'm going to be selfish," Clarice said loudly,
again standing. "I need to get off. I need a triple fuckin' gangbang to end my
demo. Who wants my cunt?"

Roger needed no prompting. Dwayne lay on his back on a sturdy cocktail table so
Clarice could stretch a condom over his rod before she settled onto it with a
moan. She urged Roger to penetrate her bottom hole, finally just ordering him to
"fuck my ass!"

Chris, Peggy, and Doris stripped so each could please her own husband. Chris
offered Red relief but he declined, saying he loved 'sloppy seconds' and was
especially fond of getting his wife off when she was super turned on by one of
her 'slut wife' acts. Darlene, Debbie, and Laura were invited to participate but
they remained in shock, unable to move or speak, much less participate. All were
aroused, even though they were also disgusted and shocked by Clarice's
demonstration. In twenty minutes, every penis in the room was limp. Dan went
again, using Clarice's back hole for his pleasure at her prompting.

"It's time," Peggy announced. "Come here, candidates," she ordered the
newcomers.

Three of them joined her in the middle of the room. Chris dragged Kim over. The
rubber ball was now deep in her mouth.

"Strip," Peggy ordered.

Lying on her side on the cocktail table, Clarice advised, "You'd better obey.
Otherwise you'll end up like your friend there."

Chris held the chain joining Kim's cuffs up high to bend the woman at the waist.
Peggy used a seam-ripper to cut the stitches that held the dress together. Then
she used scissors to cut off Kim's panty hose. The little AmerAsian woman was
naked.

The other newcomers felt humiliated by the unaccustomed public nudity and sex.
Every one of them was also sexually aroused.

"I can't do this," Laura sobbed. Never in her life had she exposed her body in
public. Being caught nude in public was a nightmare when she was a child in
school. She just couldn't strip herself.

"Help her," Chris encouraged Bill. "I'll help too." She took his hand and put it
on the top button of his wife's dress.

"I... Maybe we should cancel," Bill said, looking at his wife, the woman who
shared his bed for over twenty years.

Clarice got back up. "Maybe my little demonstration was too much. I'm me. My
husband and I both are turned on when I play 'slut wife.' For us, it's fun. We
do it a couple of times a year. But it took us twenty years of marriage to
discover that we both had fantasies about this and another few years before we
got up the courage to act it out."

"We're not going to turn your wives into sluts like me. There's no way one of
your wives will ever do something like this unless both of you want it," Clarice
told the men. "You and your wives need to talk about what turns _YOU_ on, each
of you individually and both of you together. One of you might like being tied
up, another wants a spanking, or maybe it's you that wants a spanking. My
demonstration was for shock value. So is stripping right here in front of a
crowd of strangers. This is the start of basic training, a kind of initiation,
like for a sorority. We even call it 'hell week'. So get those clothes off,
ladies, or we'll do it for you."

Much quieter now, Clarice explained, "You can only learn so much about sex from
books or films. You may pick up a technique or two, but the best teacher is
experience. In the next twelve weeks, you're going to practice sex by
yourselves, with each other, and with your husbands. You already consented in
writing in front of a notary public. You also agreed that we could use physical
restraint and corporal punishment to ensure compliance with our rules. So please
remove your clothing so we can continue."

Bill kissed his wife's forehead tenderly as he unbuttoned the dress all the way
down the front and slid it off to reveal a long, white, 'industrial strength'
foundation garment over pantyhose. Laura's humiliation grew as he peeled it down
until Chris had to unlock the shackles so he could pull it off.

"OK, guys. Kiss 'em good bye. Have a last fuck if you can get it up again,"
Peggy crudely told them. "You won't be getting any for at least a week, maybe
more."

"Very good," Clarice encouraged when Roger laid Kim down on the coffee table and
kissed her exposed pussy, licking her clit so she moaned and grunted around the
rubber ball gag, then entered her violently and pumped out another load of
sperm.

"I love you," Dwayne told his wife.

"You, too," Darlene whimpered to Dwayne, praying that no one could tell how
aroused she was at that moment. She wanted to be fucked, right then, right there
but couldn't bring herself to admit it.

"Take me home. Please," Debbie and Laura begged their SOs.

"You all agreed to this," Clarice reminded the nude women.

"I agreed to learn to be a good wife," Debbie whimpered, "Not to.. to..."

Clarice snickered. "You _will_ learn to be a good wife. Now out to the van."

They filed out to the van, goose bumps rising from the chill of the evening air.
Red and Bruce lifted them in since they couldn't step up in their shackles. They
took places on benches in the back of the van, which had dark tinted windows.

"I'll leave your hands free if you promise to behave," Debbie told the group.
"Otherwise you'll be restrained. Anybody want cuffs and a gag?"

When no one answered, Peggy buckled Kim's seat belt and the van was off.




Chapter Two -- Orientation

As the van sped along, Darlene couldn't turn off her mind. Her thoughts were a
jumbled mix of emotions. Being naked was embarrassing. Figuring out what to do
with her hands was a problem, too. She didn't want anyone to think that she
might be masturbating. But that's exactly what she would do if she was alone, in
private, away from the other naked women in the van. Folding her hands in her
lap put them too close to her pussy. 'Thank God it's dark,' she though, 'So no
one can see that I'm soaking the seat.'

When she first sat down, her bottom stuck to the plastic seat. But just a few
minutes later and a thin sheen of perspiration and pussy juice had her sliding
around, held in place only by the seat belt. She had to keep her hands away from
her groin so she folded her arms under her breasts.

Random thoughts popped into her head. Darlene thought about her kids. Would they
miss her? Would they be OK without her? 'Oh, thank providence that I'm not the
fattest one.' Will Dwayne get along all right? Watching him screw a
fifty-something sex pot was.. a turn-on. Darlene silently prayed that she hadn't
made the biggest mistake of her life when she agreed to go to this thing called
Good Wife University.

She squirmed in the seat, frustrated. She wanted to frig her pussy. If they had
been at an ordinary party, she would have insisted that Dwayne take her home.
She would have tried to get him to screw her, but he was usually so mad about
being pulled away from a party that they ended up arguing and she ended up
frustrated, frigging her pussy in the bathroom while he. 'Damn, I've got to quit
thinking about diddling my pussy or I'm going to go nuts,' she told herself,
feeling the road vibrations come through the seat, keeping her pussy juicy and
her butt slipping around on the seat.

Laura wondered if her daughter-in-law, Prissy, had made this same trip, shackled
and nude. 'Probably,' she decided, smiling to herself. Pricilla was incredibly
cute, upbeat, efficient, and happy and everything that Laura wanted to be, even
if the girl was less than half her age.

Sitting next to Kim, Debbie felt terrified. She was a college graduate, blond,
blue eyed, sexy, fit, and everything a man could want. So why did Dan's interest
wane? She gave him everything. She let him have his way with her whenever he
wanted, opening her thighs so he could ram his cock into her until he came. And
she enjoyed sex even when she didn't have orgasms.

It was late when the van pulled into a small underground parking garage. Four
young women, the oldest barely twenty, were helped into the van. They were nude
except for ankle shackles. Even their feet were bare except for one who wore
wedgie 'jelly shoes.'

Kim seethed with anger, building the rage in her mind with every passing moment
as she heard Peggy's voice break the drone of tires on dry pavement.

"Welcome to Good Wife University, G.W.U. for short," Peggy said lightly,
swiveled around in her captain's chair to face the four women. "Your orientation
begins now so pay attention."

"First, some history. GWU started over forty years ago. I graduated from one of
the first classes. My mother and mother-in-law were both charter professors.
They started GWU because women forgot what it means to be a good wife. During
World War Two, women left the home and did men's work. Most returned to the home
after the war but a few radicals started what has become known, erroneously, I
might add, as the women's movement."

"In my opinion, radical feminists screwed up the institution of marriage. Too
many women forgot traditional values and the lessons of our elders. I was one of
them. Thirty years ago, my marriage almost ended in divorce until my mother and
mother-in- law joined some other women of their generation to teach their
daughters how to be good wives."

"Back then, we were just tied up in mom's basement until we learned our lessons
and learned them well. GWU is more sophisticated now. The informal lessons that
our moms taught us back then are now formal lesson plans. We have a syllabus, a
residential program, library, reading lists, outlines, a correspondence program,
you name it. Some years ago, a well-to-do and very grateful and gracious husband
donated our campus, which was once an convent school. A West Coast campus opened
a few years ago and there's a small campus in Canada. We're now looking for a
suitable site in the Midwest, and we've developed a post graduate program."

"Second, and most important of all, is attitude. I'll say it again -- ATTITUDE.
You can and should have a lot of fun. You'll work hard and learn a lot but it's
your attitude more than anything else that will determine your success. Decide
right now that you're going to work hard and have fun and become the best wife
possible, and everything will be wonderful."

"The next subject is discipline. Ladies, there's no escape for twelve weeks.
Period. You all agreed to spend twelve weeks learning to be good wives. We won't
tolerate anything that might work against that. You've already seen the results,
or, in your case, Kim, felt it. Not too comfortable, is it? Well, you can spend
the next twelve or more weeks miserably by fighting us and the program or you
can change your attitude, go along with the program, and actually have a lot of
fun. Kim, what you've experienced so far is mild compared to the punishment you
_could_ receive."

Peggy intentionally paused for quite a while to let all the women absorb what
she had already said before she continued, "It's now time to give you a quick
overview of what's going to happen. Tomorrow and Tuesday you'll go through a
series of placement tests. I said the course is twelve weeks. That's how the
program is set up but it could be longer or shorter. That was included in the
fine print in the contract you each signed when you enrolled."

"The quickest anyone ever graduated was seven weeks, although she stayed on for
an eighth. The longest was six months. But twelve weeks is the norm. That time
is divided into four semesters of three weeks each and, just for giggles, we
refer to you during the first three weeks as freshmen, the second as sophomores,
and so on. There are tests and grade cards. If you fail a class, you have to
retake it the next semester in addition to your other work."

"We also have a system of merits and demerits. If you do well, you can visit
your husbands and kids, earn clothing and privileges, and generally enjoy your
time at GWU. If you don't do well or even worse, intentionally rebel and disrupt
things, you may end up suffering corporal punishment and rather severe
restrictions on your movements and activities. It's your choice. Like I said
before, your attitude has a lot to do with it."

"Last, but not least, we're traditional. As Clarice explained back at the house,
this first week is called 'hell week'. Just like fraternities, sororities, and
military schools, once you make it through the first week, it gets easier, so...
Here we are."

-=*=-

As Laura descended the steps pushed up to the van door, she looked around to see
that the old convent school was built of native stone and brick, an eclectic
collection of interconnected buildings on well kept grounds. She held back when
Peggy led the way to the door, embarrassed to have the others follow her and
look at her body. It seemed that everyone hesitated until Peggy called out to
them to "come on in and get settled."

Inside the entryway, Peggy introduced Gwen and then left, closing the door
behind her. Gwen was average -- average height, average weight, a simple bun of
light brown hair atop her head, wearing khaki shorts and a sleeveless white
blouse. But her smile was friendly.

"Welcome," Gwen chimed. "I'll get the introductions out of the way in a bit.
Come on and I'll show you your rooms."

The rattle of leg shackle chains was the only sound as they followed the woman,
who Laura guessed to be about forty, but with a body that most twenty-year-olds
would kill for. The woman's hips swiveled provocatively, the motion emphasized
by her blue suede 'high heeled sneakers' that suggested a couple of songs. The
humiliation of the short trip was magnified because forty other women in various
states of dress or undress watched as they walked single file down the hallway.

"Here we are," Gwen cheerily said. "Now, I suppose you'd like to get out of
those chains, huh?"

"Yes, ma'am," Debbie and Darlene replied together, accompanied by an "Uh huh"
from Laura and a muffled sound from Kim.

"Stop the 'ma'am' stuff," Gwen said, taking the shoestring from around her neck
and tossing it to Debbie. "It makes me feel old. Just call me Gwen or Professor
Gwen or, I don't know. I'm new at this, being part of the staff, that is.
Actually, I think you're supposed to call me 'ma'am' but please don't."

"Okay, I guess I have to deal with you first," she sighed, facing Kim. "Do you
promise to speak only when spoken to and to be respectful and polite in
everything you do and say?"

Kim nodded affirmatively.

"Then I can remove the gag. You obviously said something nasty to get yourself
gagged. If you do it again, we have some horrible tricks like coating an even
bigger ball with onion powder and horseradish. I got that one once," she laughed
at herself. "Oh, and I'm being impolite. Does anybody need to pee?"

"I do" and "yes, mam" came the replies.

"The bathroom's across the hall," she told them, collecting the handcuff key.
"And now, you," she snapped, using the key to unlock the harness and then pull
the gag from Kim's mouth. "Don't try to talk right away. Move like this."

Although still hot with anger that she had mentally stoked like a boiler fire
throughout the ride in the van, Kim almost laughed when she saw Gwen's jaw
moving side to side and up and down. But when Kim tried to speak, she made a
strange honking noise and found that her jaw wouldn't move.

"It's tough being gagged for so long when you're not used to it," Gwen observed.
"Give it a second. Massage your temples and, yeah, that's it. OK, so here's the
deal. Whatever you did to get yourself into a bind, so to speak and yes, I
couldn't resist the pun, it's all forgotten. Peg didn't tell me anything and I
have no reason to keep you trussed up, do I?"

"Uh huh," Kim managed, moving her jaw like Gwen showed her.

"Good. Ah, and everybody's back. For at least the next few days, you have no
privileges at all. You have to ask permission for everything. You're restricted
to your rooms and the bathroom across the hall for tonight except for, let's
see. Oh, geez, I forgot. Who is it that has little kids?"

"Me," Darlene offered, looking at the others to see if she was alone in
motherhood.

"Well, your kids will be calling any minute. You can take that call but that's
it for tonight. Get some rest and I'll see you tomorrow. Ooops, sorry. I didn't
get your name," Gwen said to Kim.

"Kim.ba..lee," Kim managed with effort.

"Hi, Kim. I'm Gwen and I meant it when I said you're starting over so let me get
those off you."

She unlocked first the handcuffs and then removed the shackles. Kim shrugged her
shoulders and stretched her arms forward and out to try to remove the kinks and
stiffness.

"Not too comfortable," Gwen observed. "But it's over as long as you follow the
rules. You three stay here. Debbie, you come with me next door. This room's for
ladies who are already married. See ya," she chimed as she walked out with
Debbie close behind her.

-=*=-

"Are we allowed to talk?" Laura asked in a whisper.

"I don't..." Darlene was about to say when the telephone rang, drawing
everyone's attention to the instrument on the end table by the sectional sofa.
She quickly grabbed the phone, almost shouting, "Hello."

"Mom? It's Jenni. Hi."

"Hi, yourself, Jennifer. How are you guys doing with grandpa and grandma?"

While Darlene talked with each of her kids, Laura explored the large room. By
the door where they entered, was a common area with the sectional sofa, lamps
set on end tables, and a cocktail table. Toward the back were four cubicles
formed by the furniture: double bed, dresser, wardrobe, student desk and chair,
and night stand with a reading lamp.

"At least we'll be comfortable," Laura commented, pressing on the closest
mattress with her hand and then rolling onto the bed.

"Like hell," Kim spat out. "There is no fuckin' way I'm going to put up with
this crap of being tied up and, shit, I'll be gone before morning for sure."

"You heard what Gwen..."

"Yeah, I heard the bitch," Kim snapped, pulling off her shoes and plopping onto
a bed and turning her back to Laura to discourage further conversation.

"Bye, Katy," Darlene said into the phone. "Be good for your grandma. Bye."

She had tears streaming down her cheeks as she put down the phone. Laura came
over to hug her. They were still in a tight embrace when the door opened.

"Hi, guys," Gwen said cheerily, startling the women in the room. "This is
Kaitlyn, Katy for short. She'll be joining you."

Darlene's jaw dropped. Gwen was now nude except for anklets and the high-heeled
sneakers. The new girl shyly hid herself as Gwen introduced Kim, "the one being
antisocial. And this is Laura and Darlene. Darlene's the only one with kids. So,
get some rest. You have to get up early."

"You're just a baby!" Darlene blurted out as the door clicked closed.

"I am _NOT_ a baby," Katy insisted. "I'm married and I'm going to have a baby."

"I'm sorry, Katy. I just meant, compared to me," Darlene told the girl. "You
remind me a lot of my daughter and she's only thirteen."

"Well I'm eighteen, almost eighteen, and I'm emancipated."

"And like most teenagers, you know everything," Laura laughed. "But even I don't
know everything and my baby's a lot older than you are. So how'd you get
yourself stripped to the buff and stuck in a room with a bunch of naked older
women?"

"My sister told me to do it," Katy pouted.

"My daughter-in-law told me I ought to come," Laura told the girl, smiling.
"I'll tell you what. If you agree not to treat me like a mother or refer to my
advanced age, I agree to treat you like an equal and never refer to your
immaturity, OK?"

"I'm scared," Katy sobbed, tears clouding her vision.

"Me, too," Laura told the girl, holding her arms open. Katy ran forward let the
big older woman enfold her into an embrace so she could snuggle against a
sympathetic shoulder and cry in relative security.

-=*=-

Gwen left Debbie in the adjacent room with the younger girls, Jennifer, 18,
Maria, 19, and Wendy, 21. As soon as Gwen left, the four talked about how they
had come to GWU and why. Debbie told them that her fianc sent her and she showed
off her engagement ring. Jennifer and Maria had volunteered based on
recommendations from slightly older relatives.

"I always thought that my cousin Consuela had it so together with her oh so
perfect husband and kids," Maria explained. "And she told me about this place.
Actually, she didn't tell me much or I wouldn't be here buck-naked, you know?
But she told me I'd be a better person for coming and that, you know, guys.
Well, she said if I came here, I'd attract the right kind of guys and not the
losers who're always coming on to me, you know?"

Debbie loved the pinch of Latino accent in Maria's otherwise totally American
speech. Maria was lovely. She looked like Charo with big but firm breasts,
perfect medium-brown skin, and shapely legs, a body that screamed 'bomb shell'.

Jennifer was totally different. Most striking was her height, over six feet. Her
shape was classic, a perfect pear with large hips and thighs. Her breasts were
small but with long, pointy nipples. She looked like a rebellious teenager with
her fingernails painted black and a tattoo of a penis with butterfly wings just
below her navel which sported a gold ring. "My dumb sister put me up to this on
a dare. Said I'd never make it, so here I am. I'm going to kill her when I get
out of here." Everybody laughed, even Jennifer.

"I guess it's my turn," sighed Wendy, a nickname for Gwendolyn. "I don't know
how to begin. I was brought up in an extremely conservative home. I wasn't
allowed to date until I was sixteen and by then, all the boys were taken. I'm
Catholic and I always went to Catholic schools. I..."

"I'm Catholic too, gringa," Maria snapped out, her accent much more pronounced
now. "So how'd you get here, huh?"

"A college professor," she said softly.

"Dirty old man, huh?" Maria ventured.

"She was a she, a woman," Wendy said, blushing. "So what gives, heh? She go down
on you?"

Wendy burst into tears and blurted out, "I told her I thought I was a lesbian
and, and..." She took a deep breath and looked up at the ceiling, then
continued, just a bit more composed. "I told her I didn't want to be, but that I
was afraid of men, and I had sexual feelings about women, and about her, and she
smiled and told me that all of that was just fine, that she knew how I felt."

"And I told her she couldn't possibly know because, well, she was married and
had children." Wendy paused to collect herself. "And then she said, 'You were
right about me. I am gay and I find you very attractive. Just being near you is
arousing me but.'." And again the tears came freely. "She said that she could
never have a relationship with a student, and that I shouldn't give up the idea
of marriage and children and even a wonderful relationship with a man even if I
did eventually find out that I'm gay, but that I'm too young to decide I'm gay."

"I can't believe I'm feeling homophobic," Debbie said aloud, moving to sit by
Wendy and hold the sobbing girl. "I have no intention of sleeping with you, but
I think you need a hug."

"Thanks," Wendy managed. "So my professor that I wanted to make love to me for
the first time rejected me and told me about this place. She said that by the
time I left here, I'd know if I was gay or straight or somewhere in between and
I would know that it didn't make a bit of difference... but I'm scared."

"We all are, chica," Maria told her. "Hey, you know what my cousin said? She
said that us women, we gotta practice sex stuff with other women because another
woman can't get you pregnant, but you can learn about sex from another woman, so
you know what? You may get to try me out. What do you think of that, huh?"

"You are kind of cute," Wendy giggled. She was teasing Maria now that she felt a
little better. In retaliation for the teasing, Maria threw a pillow at Wendy but
hit Debbie. The result was a pillow fight before they went to bed. Sleep eluded
them, the uncertainty back once the room was dark and quiet.




Chapter Three -- Kim's Tests

Kim was sure the others were asleep. It seemed like they were going to stay up
all night, whispering intimately at the other end of the room, occasionally
gasping or giggling. They finally turned out the lights and drifted to the beds
to get some sleep.

Kim waited a little longer, listening for even breathing and total quiet. Then
she slowly counted to one thousand. Throughout the long count, she heard no
sound but the crickets outside and a bullfrog far off in the distance.

She sat up slowly, fearing that the bed would creak. It didn't. She felt for her
shoes, then decided that high heels weren't suitable for an escape and left them
on the floor by the bed. She did want some clothing, though. Something. Anything
to cover up with. Not willing to stay in the old building any longer than she
had to, Kim pulled the top sheet from the bed and wrapped it around herself
before tiptoeing out of the room and into the corridor.

Dim nightlights along the hallway lit her way. At the door, she pushed gently,
just enough to get it to swing. She was surprised that it wasn't locked. Then
she slid through the opening barely wide enough to get her body through, the
cold metal grazing her exposed flesh and pulling off the sheet.

Once outside the building, Kim decided to follow the driveway. She reasoned that
it would lead to a road that would lead to a larger, more traveled road. With
luck, she would find her way to a phone where she could.. What? Dial 911? Call
her husband collect?

She decided that she'd deal with that when she reached civilization, far from
the weirdoes at the old school. She started down the driveway, paved with brick
near the entrance but soon turning to gravel. The sharp stones bit into her bare
feet so she moved to the grassy edge. The grass was cold and soggy but better
than the gravel. The going was tough because of a moderate up-hill slope in that
part of the lane.

As she moved away from the building, darkness became total. A sliver of moon
provided just enough light for her to make out the driveway. Night sounds were
more evident now, closer, each making her jerk toward it. What kind of animals
might be out here, wherever here might be, she wondered. Were any harmful? A
raccoon might not be deadly but she had heard about a rabies epidemic. Or what
about a skunk? Or a bear? Or were there wolves?

'Why do I have this feeling that I'm being watched?' Kim wondered, then
dismissed the feeling as paranoia. When a fern's frond wet with dew brushed
against her leg, she gasped and moved back to the gravel. The woods came right
to the edge of the drive now.

"Where do you think you're going?" a man's voice demanded from somewhere ahead
of her, startling her so much that a squirt of urine escaped to run down the
inside of her legs. Without thinking, Kim ran away from the voice up the middle
of the driveway, bruising her bare feet.

"It's Kim," came Gwen's voice, disgust evident in her tone.

Kim heard a whine. A light came on behind her. She recognized the sound as an
electric motor, probably a golf cart. Knowing that she would never escape by the
driveway, she turned into the woods. The edge of the woods was full of briars,
prickly wild rose bushes, and even more prickly wild blackberry vines.

"Kim, come back before you hurt yourself," Gwen demanded in an even tone,
shining a flashlight on Kim's naked bottom.

"Fuck you, bitch!" Kim screamed, moving sideways to try to find a path through
the thorns. The light blinded her, destroying her night vision. The flashlight
threw such harsh shadows that Kim became totally disoriented. When she tried to
take her next step, a vine snagged her ankle and she fell into the brambles. She
screamed as thousands of thorns pricked at her flesh.

"Come on, Kim. You'll only make it worse," Gwen called calmly.

Kim cursed Gwen, and the man who waited quietly on the driveway, and her husband
who talked her into agreeing to come here, and herself for being so stupid as to
sign papers agreeing to corporal punishment and restraint and. She had to get
her mind back on track. She saw now that there would be no escape through the
woods. She struggled to stand, still tangled in thorny vines. It didn't matter
where she put her hands, she found more thorns, but she finally managed to
stand. Dozens of thorns remained hooked in her skin when she managed to stagger
back to the driveway. The sheet was hopelessly snagged in the briar patch so she
left it there.

"Come on, Kim, and we'll take you back."

"Fuck you!" Kim shrieked. "There's no fuckin' way you're going to take me back
there." She stood defiantly, sobbing.

"It's not that bad," Gwen said in what she hoped was a soothing and convincing
voice. "I won't hurt nearly as."

"Fuck you!" Kim repeated, pulling her arm back and swinging her fist at Gwen's
silhouette, barely visible in the darkness because of a stray cloud blocking
even the sliver of moon.

Experienced at martial arts, Gwen saw Kim close her fist and draw back. Gwen was
ready when Kim swung, and deftly moved to the side and parried, grabbing Kim's
arm and twisting it behind her back in a hammerlock. Gwen's husband, Rodney,
helped affix police-issue handcuffs to Kim's wrists, locking her hands behind
her back while Kim continued to curse and struggle.

"There are consequences for every action," Gwen calmly told Kim although she was
a little out of breath from the adrenaline rush of the short fight. "I had hoped
that you had learned a lesson, but it's obvious you need more convincing."

"Fuck you, bitch," Kim repeated, refusing to move.

"OK," Gwen told her after putting a collar around Kim's throat and locking a
long chain to it. "Go ahead. Fuck me."

"Gladly," Rodney answered, lifting his wife to the seat of the cart and plunging
in. Gwen was soon groaning in ecstasy, muttering, "Yes, deeper. Harder. Ah,
yes!"

Kim struggled in her bonds, discovering that the other end of her chain leash
was locked to the frame of the cart's surrey top. She stood there in disgust and
disbelief as the couple fucked just a few feet from her. The gravel under her
feet hurt. The cuffs were uncomfortable. Her shoulders still ached from being
cuffed last night and now she was cuffed again. And every inch of her skin stung
from the thorns.

Tears flowed freely as she waited until first Gwen and then Rodney groaned in
orgasmic relief. As the couple's breathing slowed to normal, Gwen said, "I guess
it's time to take this one home. So start walking, future good wife."

"Fuck you, bitch," Kim spat out. "There's no way I'm going back."

"You're repeating yourself," Gwen said calmly. "I've already heard that one.
Now, let me explain things. You _ARE_ going back. You can either go back the
easy way, pretty much like you are now, or you can go back with your butt
covered with welts. Which will it be?"

Still defiant, Kim shouted her favorite expletive.

"I really hate to do this," Gwen sighed, climbing out of the golf cart. "Some of
the staff get off on whipping students, but for me it's just a necessary chore.
Now move." With that, she swung a whippy switch at Kim's bottom.

"Yei!" Kim shrieked, twisting to avoid the switch.

"Want more?" Gwen asked. "I can switch your boobs or belly as well as your
bottom if you want. And if the switch doesn't get you moving, I can get a whip
or a cattle prod. And if they don't work, we can always drag you, but I'm afraid
the gravel might scrape off all your skin. So, what will it be? More stripes and
then the whip? Or are you ready to start walking?"

"Fuckin' bitch," Kim muttered as she took her first step back toward the cluster
of buildings. Rodney slowly moved the cart, keeping pace with Kim as Gwen
followed with the switch. It seemed to take forever to make it back. By the time
they did, Kim's feet were swollen and terribly bruised. She was panting and
covered with a salty sweat sheen that stung as it flowed over the thorn pricks
that covered her body.

"We better check her," Gwen told her husband as she unlocked Kim's chain leash
from the cart. She lead the defeated woman back into the building through a side
door and down a hall to what appeared to be a doctor's examining room. "Have a
seat and let us have a look at you."

Kim felt totally humiliated as the naked couple examined her body. She
desperately wanted to cover herself.

"Kim, you've really done it. Nettles are broken off in your skin. There's
nothing we can do now but wait for them to fester out," Gwen sighed. "We can't
leave you like this, though. You'll get infections. Will you give me a hand,
hun?"

"Whatever you need, sexy," Rodney grinned.

"We're going to have to scrub her down with an antiseptic. I guess alcohol."

"No!" Kim screamed. "No!" And she continued to scream at the top of her lungs as
Gwen poured rubbing alcohol into a stainless steel bowl. Then the couple used
sterile sponges from plastic packages to scrub Kim's entire body with the
antiseptic, stopping occasionally to pluck thorns from her skin.

When they finished, Gwen gave Kim a few minutes for the stinging to subside and
for her to regain her composure. Then she said, "I hate to do this, Kim, but
it's standard punishment for someone who tries to run away." She produced a pair
of demiboots with six-inch heels and put them on Kim's feet, locking them on
with padlocks. Then she brought an eighteen-inch-long bar with eyelets on each
end and used two more padlocks to secure it between her ankles.

"Can you take these off?" Kim whimpered, twisting to show the handcuffs. "Cuffs
are standard punishment for trying to hit a staff member or anyone else, for
that matter. We can make you a little more comfortable, though." With Rodney's
help, Gwen buckled padded leather cuffs to Kim's wrists and removed the steel
handcuffs.

"Now, Kim," Gwen said in the tone of a mother's lecture, "Your next few days are
going to be pretty miserable, but it'll get better if you'll just go along with
the program. If you don't, you'll be miserable for the next twelve weeks and you
don't want that. Oh, and the standard punishment for profanity is a day gagged,
but I'm going to forget the number of times I heard the F-word tonight. Now, try
to get a little sleep."

Gwen kissed Kim's cheek, then lifted the side rails of the hospital-style
gurney, and turned out the lights as she left.

Kim tried to sleep. With her ankles spread by the bar, she couldn't sleep on her
side and the cuffs made it impossible to sleep on her back. The pain and then
itching, plus not being able to scratch where she needed to, made sleep
impossible. She was still awake, sobbing softly, when she saw daylight filtering
in from somewhere and heard movement in the halls.

-=*=-

"Up and at 'em," Tina yelled, flipping on bright overhead lights in the two
freshman rooms. "Stand in the hallway with your back against the wall and await
further instructions."

"What time is it?" Laura groaned, rolling in her bed.

"You weren't given permission to speak!" Tina yelled. "That will be two
demerits. No one speaks unless given permission, understood? I don't hear you,
ladies! Do you understand?"

"Yes, ma'am," came some mumbled acknowledgements as they rose.

"I can't hear you! DO YOU UNDERSTAND?"

"Yes, ma'am," they all called out clearly.

"Now line up in the hallway. And welcome to hell week." Tina always yelled even
when she wasn't intentionally yelling thanks to her background as an Army Drill
Instructor, a position she still held in an Army Reserve Training Regiment. "If
you toe the line, I'll be gone in three days. If you screw up, I'll make your
life a living hell for weeks. So, don't screw up. I am Miz Tina. You will say
only 'yes, Miz Tina' or 'no, Miz Tina' as is appropriate. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Miz Tina," they all called out.

"Now assume 'the position'. The position is feet shoulder width apart and hands
behind your neck, fingers interlaced. Don't move until I say you can," Miz Tina
ordered, walking away with a swagger, swinging her riding crop menacingly. She
was actually a very attractive woman who just turned thirty. At home, she loved
to serve her husband as his personal slave. That turned her on like nothing
else. Except for dominating women. After a day of dominating women, she was a
most subservient sex slave to her master and husband.

But that would be later. For now, she had to fetch Kim and make her life just
barely tolerable while showing the woman how much easier it would be for her to
cooperate. She mentally reviewed dozens of alternative ways she might handle the
rebel, knowing that she would have to make snap decisions on what path to take
as she observed the woman.

Steeling herself, Tina burst into the infirmary. "You! Rebel. It's time to get
up and get on with your training and hell week. You started a bit early, don't
you think?"

"Yes, ma'am."

"Yes, Miz Tina," she roared.

"Yes, Miz Tina," Kim managed to say through her parched throat.

Ah, Tina thought. I've got it. "Don't you tell a soul I went soft with you or
I'll make it even worse on you," she whispered sternly to Kim. "I have to keep
up my image."

Kim smiled to herself in spite of her discomfort and fatigue as the drill
instructor filled a glass with cool water, stuck in a straw, and set it on the
table. Tina lowered the rail on the gurney and helped Kim sit up. Her legs,
still secured in the uncomfortable boots and spreader bar, dangled over the
side. Tina offered the poor woman the straw. Kim immediately sucked the glass
dry.

"And now you've got to pee, I bet," Tina smiled wickedly.

"Yes, Miz Tina," Kim answered submissively.

Mentally, Tina screamed, 'Yes!' while keeping her expression stern.

"There's no graceful way to pee when you're being punished. Humiliation is part
of your punishment, but it'll be easier to do it in here than in front of
everybody else. Come on." Tina helped Kim to the floor and into the tiny toilet
room in the side of the examination room. Kim found out just how difficult
walking could be when wearing heels and a spreader bar with her arms cuffed
behind her back.

As soon as her bottom hit the cool seat, Kim released a stream of steaming urine
with a satisfied sigh. "Thank you," she sighed again, making a few more squirts
to completely empty her bladder, quickly adding, "Miz Tina."

"All you're allowed this morning is yes or no," Tina sternly reminded Kim. Then
she smiled, "Your classmates are standing in the hallway, dying to pee. I'm
enjoying making them wait."

Kim thought about what Gwen said about other staff who loved to cause pain. She
immediately feared Tina and what the woman could do to her.

"I can't make them wait forever or the floor will be flooded," Tina said. "I did
that once and I found out that once one woman loses it, they all do. We'll have
to be quick. Where are you most uncomfortable, future good wife? You may
answer."

"My bottom, especially that crease where my bottom meets my legs," Kim told
Tina.

"OK, here's the deal. I gotta look tough so I've got to make you do something.
Ah, here we go. You have to carry this antiseptic soap in your mouth. Now we're
not supposed to let you out of the heels and cuffs for three days. Usually a
rebel who tries to escape doesn't get to bathe for that time, and they usually
don't even get to wipe their butts for that time, so they'll do just about
anything just to get a shower, but I've decided to have pity on you. I'm going
to tell the other women to release you from your bondage so you don't ruin the
leather. I'll let you get a shower. Maybe it'll help keep you from getting
infections all over. I don't want any objection when you have to put this stuff
back on, got it?"

"Yes, Miz Tina," Kim answered, unable to get up from the toilet because of her
bondage. Tina pulled a 'wipe-n-dipe' from a plastic package and wiped Kim's
pubis, then she pulled out a fresh one and took a few more swipes, going far
higher than necessary to be sure that Kim's clit was stimulated... just a little
bit.

Kim blushed with embarrassment at being wiped by another woman and was thankful
when Tina threw the oily towellette in the wastebasket and helped her to her
feet. "Remember, not a word to anybody that I'm giving you any kind of break,"
Tina snarled.

"Yes, Miz Tina," Kim managed as Tina put the cap of a plastic squeeze bottle of
antiseptic soap into Kim's mouth. Kim submissively gripped the bottle with her
teeth.

"Now move," she snapped, slapping the riding crop down hard on the gurney. With
difficulty, Kim shuffled forward, shuffling each leg forward a few inches,
feeling her inner thighs strained by the awkward position. Getting through the
doorway took some effort. Then everyone was looking at her.




Chapter Four -- Introductions

Jennifer peered over Wendy's head. Her eyes bugged out when she saw the tiny
AmerAsian woman alternately shuffling each foot forward a few inches at a time.
The short bar padlocked between the boots on her feet effectively hobbled her.
Worse, Tina's whole body was covered with red bumps. Just looking at her made
Jennifer's skin itch, adding to the discomfort of a full bladder. When Kim got
close, Jennifer saw the welt on her bottom left by Gwen's switch.

'Hurry up!' Jennifer mentally demanded. It was pure torture to stand with her
feet apart. She wanted, no, needed to press her thighs together to relieve the
discomfort caused by holding the urine in her distended bladder. She moved each
foot in a bit, pointed her toes in, and drew her knees together. The position
was terribly awkward but it helped her sphincter squeeze her little pee hole
closed.

Katy was brave enough to beg, "Please, Miz Tina. May I use the bathroom?"

"I thought I told you that you could only say 'Yes, Miz Tina' or 'No, Miz Tina'
until given permission to speak," Tina roared, facing the young girl and
standing nose to nose. "Were you given permission to speak?"

"No, Miz Tina," Katy whimpered, squeezing her thighs together desperately.

"That's two demerits for speaking without permission," Tina told her, taking a
notepad and pencil from her breast pocket. "And another for not standing with
your feet shoulder width apart. And I'm sure that you answered 'Yes, Miz Tina'
when I told you that, didn't you?"

"Yes, Miz Tina."

"No you didn't. You lied to me," Tina said growled. "The penalty for lying is a
spanking. When was the last time you were spanked? Or have you ever been
spanked?"

Muscles screamed in Jennifer's legs now as she made sure her feet were spread
enough while still squeezing in with her thighs and butt.

As the interrogation continued, Kim mentally thanked Tina for letting her use
the toilet in the infirmary. With her legs forced wide apart, she knew that she
would never have been able to control her bladder. She saw that most of the
other women were having difficulty, too, bringing their legs closer together and
tensing their bodies to hold it in.

"We will delay your spanking for a little while," Tina told Katy. "Now take my
key and release that future good wife from her shackles so that the leather
isn't ruined by the water. Go on."

"Yes, Miz Tina," Katy answered, terrified. She took the key and knelt, squeezing
her legs together, finding it easier to contract her bladder sphincter muscle
and prevent peeing herself.

"You're a big strong looking young woman," Tina snarled, invading Jennifer's
personal space to stand so close that her epauletsactually grazed the girl's
erect nipples. "Think you can take me?"

"No, Miz Tina," Jennifer whimpered, terrified by the woman standing so close.

"Don't try," Tina smiled. "Do you need to urinate?"

"Yes, Miz Tina."

"Go to the shower. Remain in position and wait for me."

"Yes, Miz Tina."

Turning to Katy and Kim, she ordered, "You two, as well."

Both crisply answered, "Yes, Miz Tina."

A minute later, Tina had all eight women lined up in the shower room facing each
other. Almost all of them had earned demerits by the time they made it to the
shower room. Most were straining to hold back their urine, a couple with tears
in their eyes.

The shower room was just a big open room with tiled walls and floor. There were
two showerheads on each of three walls, the open doorway in the fourth wall.
"You all said that you felt the need to urinate. Go ahead," Tina said with a
wicked grin.

"Yes, Miz Tina," Katy sighed, releasing a splattering stream onto the tiles.
Most of the other women followed her lead and even Kim managed a trickle. Poor
Laura, though, couldn't make her sphincter muscle relax. She was lambasted by
Tina for several minutes and made to assume a humiliating squat until she
finally peed on the shower room floor.

"If anyone needs to defecate, you do that in the toilet unless you really make a
rectal orifice of yourself. Do it before you shower. Oh, and one more thing,"
Tina told them as if it were an afterthought. "Freshmen don't get to touch their
own bodies. Unless you're given specific permission to touch yourself, you will
have to ask a classmate to even scratch an itch. So you'll have to wash each
other. Don't let me see you touch yourselves or you will be cuffed and whipped,
got it?"

"Yes, Miz Tina," they answered together.

"And make sure you clean all bodily orifices well," Tina cautioned. "If I detect
any odor at all from a gluteal crease or around someone's vulva, you will _all_
be punished. That includes soap odor, so make sure you rinse well, too. Now, you
have my permission to talk while you shower."

Even though they had permission to speak, hardly a word was spoken as they
lathered each others' bodies. Tina caught several touching themselves. Soon they
were giving cautious suggestions like, "I still have soap under my chin" and, "I
don't think I got your butt crack rinsed good enough."

The hot shower felt heavenly and, in spite of themselves, the unaccustomed
sensations of another woman's touch, felt good. Some of the women felt aroused.
All felt embarrassed. The humiliation got worse for a few moments, as they were
all ordered to bend at the waist and use their hands to hold their butt cheeks
open while Tina walked down the row and sniffed their bottoms, pronouncing them
sufficiently clean.

A pair of twenty-something women in revealing maid uniforms, really just corsets
with an apron front and white high heels, pushed in a laundry cart full of
towels. The small, white institutional towels were much too small to wrap around
even the smallest body. But the towels were warm as if they just came from the
dryer and, remembering Tina's dictates, they all dried each other.

Eight sinks lined the wall and a kit was placed at each sink. They were allowed
to use tooth and hairbrushes, provided their hands didn't touch their own
bodies.

For an hour, they worked under Tina's strict supervision, cleaning the bathroom,
making their beds and the beds in five other rooms similar to theirs with
notable differences. The other rooms showed personal touches like photographs,
flowers, and drawings, plus some diversions like stereo headphones and books.

As she agreed, Kim let Katy replace the boots and cuffs, but Tina commanded that
the cuffs be in front so Kim could help with chores. Then they marched to the
'mess hall', as Tina called the pleasant dining room. There were plastic checked
table clothes and fresh flowers on each table for four.

More than a dozen women were already there, eating breakfast or cooking and
serving. Tina pointed to each of the freshmen and then to a chair, starting with
Kim. Kim set a perfect example, standing behind the chair with her hands behind
her neck. The others realized that, had they been first, they would have sat
down immediately, earning more demerits and more punishment.

"Take your seats," Tina commanded. The freshmen carefully sat down, fearing that
they might be violating some unspoken rule for which they would be punished. "At
ease," Tina ordered in military fashion. "This is as close to a break as you're
going to get for the next couple of days. And now I give you your first
instructor, Miz Clarice."

The older woman stepped forward, wearing bright yellow terry coverall shorts and
matching yellow 'jelly shoes' with inch and a half heels. She looked completely
different from the slut that half of them saw the night before. "Good morning,
future good wives," Clarice smiled at the group. "I hope you'll enjoy your stay
here, but I'm afraid we have some strict rules about discipline. Anyone on the
staff and any upperclassman can enforce the rules at any time, so be on your
best behavior, OK?"

"So let me introduce you to the upper classmen. First, your cooks and servers
today are sophomores, Cindy, Debbie, Alicia, and Terry. Your cooks are..."

Laura hardly heard what Clarice was saying. She was busy looking around the
room. The sophomore women were wearing identical outfits that consisted of white
corsets with an attached apron that hung down in front to just barely cover
their pussies but left their bottoms completely exposed. Garters held up white
nylons and all of the women wore white high-heeled pumps. All of them had their
hair up in a ponytail although a couple barely had enough hair to get a white
scrunchy around. The women's ages varied from late teens to over forty. All
eight were attractive but very different in body type.

There were only four juniors, looking out of place eatingb reakfast while
dressed in outrageously sexy lingerie. They each waved when Clarice mentioned
their name. Unlike the others, all appeared to be in their twenties and all of
them were slender.

Eight seniors were then introduced. Again, they were all different and they
dressed differently. One, named Liz, was obviously pregnant, about six months
Laura guessed. Some of them wore robes. One, Jessica, was nude except for a
belly chain and ankle chain. Toni and Kimberly looked like teenagers.

"Which brings us back to all of you. Do you know each other's names yet? Kim,
can you name all your classmates?"

"No, ma'am, Miz Clarice," Kim answered.

"Well, it's time you all met each other. I want each of you to introduce
yourself. Stand up and give your name, your age, your marital status..."

The list was long. Fortunately, Clarice uncovered a big poster for the women to
refer to, listing each item of personal information the women were to give
including some very embarrassing ones.

"..Ah, OK. I don't like oral sex. I've never let a man cum in my mouth so I
guess I have to say that I don't swallow and I've never had anal sex. The last
time I played with myself was last Friday."

The pancakes were scrumptious and the women enjoyed their breakfasts when they
weren't introducing themselves. Laura surprised everyone when she said that she
always swallowed, never masturbated, and had tried anal sex but her husband
couldn't get it in. Wendy was last and confessed a total ignorance regarding
sex, never having had a sexual relationship, and never even masturbating to
orgasm.

"Thank you, future good wives," Clarice smiled. "You're free to talk among
yourselves while you finish breakfast and enjoy a cup of coffee or whatever
beverage you prefer. Enjoy the service because you'll soon be doing the
serving."

"How did you get yourself, you know," Katy asked Kim as soon as she had
permission to speak.

"I tried to run away and ran into a bunch of sticker bushes. Now I have to wear
this stuff for three whole days according to Miz Hitler."

"She is a bitch, isn't she?" Jennifer whispered.

"Just doing her job, I guess," Kim shrugged, defending the woman who showed her
some compassion.

"I can't believe she made us pee in the shower and then clean it up with Clorox,
even though the shower ran for like forever."

"I was almost like Laura. I didn't think I could do it, but I had to go so bad."

"Yeah, like I didn't think I could hold it even as long as I did and I know I
leaked a tiddle."

"So, Wendy, did it turn you on to touch another woman?"

"Yes, and it turned me on even more to do the touching," she countered
teasingly, letting everyone guess her true feelings.

"Oh, horrors! A lesbian touched my naked body," Maria gasped in mock horror,
making everyone laugh softly.

"So, which one of you is gay?" Cindi, their sophomore server asked, looking
totally smashing in the white outfit against her coffee colored skin.

"Wendy thinks she is but she's not sure because she's never had sex," Maria
chimed in. "But she says she has sexual feelings for women so I guess that makes
her queer."

"You'll learn," Cindi chuckled. "I'm universally sexual, which to me means that
I just like sex whether it's with a man, a woman, a rubber dildo, or a plastic
vibrator or even my trusty fingers. Don't go into this with any preconceived
notions. They love to blow them up. But, OK. I guess, well, Wendy, have you ever
French kissed?"

"No," she croaked out, embarrassed.

"May I please be the first woman to French kiss you?"

"I..." Poor Wendy looked terrified.

"Come on. Get up and put your arms around me. That's it. Now close your eyes and
just feel." Cindy pecked around Wendy's face for a few moments and licked
teasingly at her lips. "If you get any more tense, you're going to explode,
girl," Cindy laughed. "Loosen up. This is easy and fun. Now," and without any
further delay, Cindy pressed her mouth to Wendy's, prying with her tongue until
Wendy compliantly opened her lips and felt the black girl's tongue invade her
mouth.

At first, Wendy was afraid to pull back. Then she didn't want to pull back any
more and held Cindy tightly to her, tentatively extending her own tongue to
caress Cindy's. A minute later, Wendy was greedily twisting her head and
pressing her lips harder, trying to deepen the kiss.

"Getting a little ahead of ourselves, aren't we, Cindy?" Clarice asked softly.
Wendy jumped back, suddenly aware of what she was doing and where and that
everyone was watching and that she was terrified.

"She'd never French kissed before and I wanted to be her first," Cindy said
proudly. "She's a quick study."

"I noticed," Clarice smiled. "Enjoy it, Wendy?"

"Yes, ma'am, Miz Clarice," she stammered.

"Try it with a man the next chance you get," Clarice recommended. "I suspect
that you'll like that, too. OK, ladies. It's time to start the main part of the
day. So first, rules."

Clarice recited a long list of rules, handing each table a pile of four folders
that contained the complete list. There was also a schedule for their freshman
semester, complete with a reading list, assignments, and standards. They had
just opened their folders when Tina ordered, "Freshmen, stand! Leave the folders
on the table. You can get them later. Position."

All eight women snapped their hands behind their necks, lacing their fingers and
awaiting their next order, which came quickly.




Chapter Five -- Placement Testing I

The eight nude women followed Tina down the hallway to a classroom that looked
like it could serve any middle school. There were eight desks with separate
chairs facing a chalkboard. To one side sat eight computer terminals. On the
other side were textbooks and supplies on shelves by the windows that extended
to the ceiling, in the fashion of older schools where the primary lighting was
natural.

Clarice passed out tests and pencils, her only instruction, "Be honest in all of
your answers." The women opened the test booklets and began immediately, fearing
whatever punishment Miz Tina might inflict if they dawdled. All of them started
answering the questions in test I.

Rate the following questions on a scale of 1 to 5. One being that you totally
disagree and five that you totally agree with the statement. Answer quickly,
giving your first impression without analyzing the question. Be honest.

1 2 3 4 5
1.	I like my body. 
2.	I am too fat. 
3.	I have thunder thighs. 
4.	My buttocks are too large. 
5.	My lips are sensuous. 
6 	I become aroused easily. 
7.	I am in good physical condition. 
8.	I love sex. 
9.	I love anal sex. 
10.	I love cunnilingus. 
11.	I love fellatio. 
12.	My body is perfect. 
13.	My nipples are sensitive. 
14.	Tattoos are sexy. 
15.	I want to try anal sex. 
16.	I want to try sex with a dog or other animal. 
17.	....

-=*=-

Kim's teaching degree put her at both an advantage and a disadvantage. She
recognized the technique from college courses on testing. The answers would show
attitudes and provide a psychological profile of the testee. She thought about
how she might slant her answers to her advantage, then decided that honesty was
the best policy. A good test would catch her if she tried to manipulate the
results and she had little doubt that this test was expertly prepared.

The next test was fill-in-the-blanks style. It began with innocent questions,
then moved on to ask many of the same questions that were asked in their
introductions at breakfast.

My favorite color is _____________________.

If I could change one thing about my body, it would be my __________________.

The last four books I read were ____________ by ________, _______________ by
____...

...and later,

My last orgasm was on ___(date)___ at __(approx time)___ while
I__________________________________.

My favorite bra is ___(color)___ ___(fabric)___ ___(style)___

-=*=-

Clarice declared a break, telling them that they were permitted to use the
toilet rather than standing in the shower to pee "so long as you abide by the
rules of our beloved GWU. So go on. You have fifteen minutes. You can grab a cup
of coffee or a soda from the pantry if you want. You can even talk among
yourselves or to anyone, for that matter, as long as you are courteous."

The sophomores were still cleaning up, having eaten after everyone else had
finished. They showed Laura where to find cups and the coffee machine. The
younger women chose colas on ice from the icemaker in the corner of the kitchen.
They were all back in the classroom with time to spare, fearing punishment if
they went beyond the fifteen minutes and lacking watches or clocks to tell how
much time they had left. The next test was a true-false test.

	I like sex.
 	I like oral sex.
  	I like giving head.
   	I swallow cum.
    	I fantasize often.
     	I like anal sex.
      	I like a finger in my anus when receiving oral sex. 	
....

The last test was essay. 'Typical,' Kim thought to herself as she read through
the assignments.

Describe your favorite sexual fantasy in complete detail. Include the setting,
the clothing, music (if applicable), etc. Scan _My Secret Garden_ by Nancy
Friday for examples of the detail required. If your favorite fantasy does not
fill all three pages, single-spaced, then add details of more sexual fantasies
that you enjoy.

Describe in detail all of the reasons why you married your husband. Include your
feelings at the time that you married and contrast them with your feelings now.
If not yet married, describe...

After reading all of the questions, Kim thought for a moment before she began to
describe her fantasy, a romantic story straight out of a pulp novel.

The testing continued all morning, with breaks when more than a couple of the
women showed restlessness. Kim looked around and noted that she was the only one
already working on the essay questions even though she was exhausted from no
sleep.

"Time's up, future good wives," Clarice announced. "Time for lunch. Finishing
the tests is your homework for tonight. You can drop your test folders off in
your rooms before you go to the dining room."

"And you may go independently as long as you walk in proper position for
freshmen during hell week," Tina told them sternly. "I noted quite a few
violations of the rules and I'm keeping track of the demerits."

Kim wanted to laugh aloud. How could they possibly carry drinks back to the
classroom with their hands behind their necks? But it didn't matter. This was
hell week. So she picked up her cup and carried it back to the kitchen before
assuming the position, holding the folder under her thumbs at the back of her
neck until she reached her room.

"Figured it out, did you?" Tina asked from the sofa when Kim dropped off the
folder in the room where she was first placed.

"Yes, Miz Tina," she answered.

"Think you can hack it?"

"Yes, Miz Tina."

"Put that in the infirmary," she ordered, sticking the folder back under Kim's
thumbs.

"Yes, Miz Tina."

-=*=-

Although Clarice used the term lunch, the noon meal was the big meal of the day,
starting with a fresh garden salad and followed by delicious braised chicken
breasts with wild rice and peas fresh from a local garden, delectable home baked
yeast rolls fresh from the oven, and ending with strawberry shortcake with
whipped cream. The morning cooks did the serving while the morning servers
cooked.

Once again, they were free to talk during their meal, and they were given an
hour and a half so that they could enjoy lunch. They did enjoy it, both the
freedom to talk and the delicious meal.

After the satisfying dinner and conversation, Tina again commanded them to
silence and the humiliating position that no longer bothered them. She led them
to the stairway and told them to go to room 214, staying back to catch Kim when
she stumbled on the stairs.

Room 214 was bare except for eight wide tables covered with white bed sheets. A
young girl who couldn't be over twenty was standing in the front of the room
behind an old wooden desk. The girl wore only white pumps, a white choker, and a
broad smile. She had high-set perky tits topped with erect little nipples. Her
completely bare pubes made her look much younger than her actual age of 22. Tina
pointed with the riding crop to where each of the women should stand and then
ordered, "At ease."

All eight women dropped their arms. Each of them did something to loosen up,
some shrugging their shoulders, others stretching.

"Ladies, I'm Miz Lucy, your sex tester. This afternoon, we're going to learn
something about your sexual abilities. Go ahead and remove the covers from your
tables."

They each lifted the sheet from their table. Most gasped when they saw the table
covered with rubber dildos varying in size from pencil thin to the size of a
man's forearm. Most were roughly shaped like an erect human penis but a few were
smooth. One was a good replica of a finger with a nail bed molded into the top
and the biggest one had a balled up fist at the end. The second largest, a
fifteen inch long thing the diameter of a baseball bat, had replicated extended
fingers formed into a cone at its end.

"Now I want everyone to select from your collection the biggest cock you are
reasonably sure you can insert into your vagina without discomfort. Good. Hold
it up where I can see."

Lucy looked around, smiling at all the blushes. It was obvious that everyone had
chosen a much smaller dildo than would fit comfortably. "I see. Well, I'll be
your instructor for your Penile Penetration class and I say you all picked too
small. Let me demonstrate."

Lucy stepped around her desk, pulling her chair behind her. She picked up the
second largest rubber prick from Wendy's table, saying, "I don't think you need
this one," and used the tube of lubricant there to generously coat the object
before stepping onto the chair and then her desktop.

Then she bent forward to display her bottom to the assembly and spoke. "The
female body is wonderfully adaptable and we have twelve weeks to help you adapt
yours," she announced. Then she made most in the room gasp when she placed the
giant dildo not at her pussy but her anus and pressed forward. She pumped the
thing in short strokes for about a minute, then called, "Sarge, can you help me?
My hands are too greasy."

"Anything for you, Miz Lucy," Tina sang out in her usual voice, a loud,
commanding yell. Tina put her hand on the base of the thing and pressed forward.
Lucy groaned out a "Yes!" as the thing slid in eight or nine inches. "Ta da!"
Lucy smiled, turning around with the thing embedded in her butt. Then she sat
down on it as if it were a stool glued to her bottom.

"I'll need a little help for the next one," Lucy informed Sarge. "I'm a little
tight today."

"You, you, and you," Tina snapped out, pointing the riding crop at Maria,
Jennifer, and Wendy. "Ok, you two. Don't get any grease on your fingers now.
You," she barked at Katy. "Grease up that big one real good. If you hurt my girl
Lucy, I'll stripe your ass. More. Get it really dripping, especially the head."

"Now, pinkies up to be polite, put your fingers together and put them into that
lovely vaginal opening," Tina ordered. "Fingers side-by-side. Go slow. Easy, put
them together to go in and then spread 'em. That's it."

The three youngest women in the room blushed crimson at what they were doing.
This was the first female they had touched sexually unless they counted the
shower that morning. That was completely forgotten as twelve fingers easily
spread open Lucy's sex.

"Now, Moby Dick," Tina grinned. "Fuck her, my little virgin dyke. Put that whale
of a dildo in and fuck, fuck, fuck."

Although none of them noticed, it was the first time that Tina had used
profanity since they were awakened that morning. Her drill instructor training
taught that profanity was inappropriate and should be reserved for when it was
needed such as in the heatof combat.

Wendy was terrified just holding the monster rubber thing and needed more
prodding from Tina before she was willing to place the fist-shaped rubber at
Lucy's entrance and press it forward.

"Let go, _NOW_," Tina ordered, and Jennifer and Maria gladly released the
stretchy flesh to hug against the giant rubber shaft. "Now fuck your professor,
virgin dyke," Tina ordered Wendy. "Fuck her good."

"Yeah," Lucy panted out, leaning back on the desk until she was supine with her
legs high in the air and rocking herself onto the thing. "I want to get off,"
she confirmed, using her still oily fingers to circle her clit. "Fuck me, dyke.
Fuck me!"

Wendy was sure that the thing was going to kill Lucy. She could see the bulge
from the thing push out Lucy's trim belly as she stroked more and more of the
monster into the woman until almost a foot and a half were inside.

"That's enough," Lucy panted, "Now in and out. Yeah. Oh, yes!" A few more
strokes with her fingers and the rubber monster Wendy manipulated and Lucy
exploded. Then she sighed and relaxed totally.

Wendy didn't need to be told to remove the thing. When she was no longer holding
it, it slid right out on its own with some help from Lucy's muscles.

"And that has absolutely nothing to do with what you're going to learn here,"
Lucy laughed, contentedly lying on her side facing the group. "Well, actually,
it does. You're going to learn control. Let me show you a few more things."

Lucy pulled a two-foot-long double-ended dildo from her desk drawer while still
sitting on top of the desk. The rubber was molded to realistically mimic two
unusually large cocks back-to-back. "I can do this, too," she smiled, tilting
her head back and swallowing eighteen inches of the shaft. Then she spread her
hands and everyone watched the six inches of dildo sticking out of her mouth
pump up and down as if there were a man inside her body fucking outward. Then
she used the muscles in her throat to expel the thing completely, catching just
the end between her teeth as she sat up to face the group.

"In case you haven't guessed, I'm a bit of an exhibitionist," Lucy laughed. She
hopped back to her feet and circulated the room to collect a dildo from each
desk. Then she returned to her desk and lay back, still facing her students.
"Does anyone think I'm ruined by monster cocks? That I'm so stretched that I
could never please a man?"

No one dared answer although several had exactly that thought. "Well, I'll prove
I have the muscles to please any man." With that, she plunged a dildo into her
well lubricated puss. Leaning back on her elbows, Lucy used her well developed
muscle control and strength to launch the dildo into the air, almost landing it
on the closest desk.

"Your elevation and windage are a bit off," Tina snickered. "Loading," Tina
announced, plugging Lucy's pussy once more. "Fire two."

The pair launched the remaining seven dildos, nearly hitting Kaitlyn. Wendy
caught one before it hit her desk.

"Enough fun for now," Lucy laughed, noting that her class was having difficulty
keeping straight faces. "Let's go to the gym."

Everyone followed her down the hall to the gymnasium. Actually, they went to a
low-ceilinged exercise area to the side of the main gym. There was a
four-on-four basketball game between two groups of seniors in progress on the
main floor.

"Now for my final demonstrations and your first test," Lucy said, turning to
face the freshmen, who were lined up by Tina. Lucy picked up a molded metal
object about a foot long with a large ball an inch and a half in diameter on one
end. It tapered slightly to the next ball, barely over an inch around, and then
down to a ball a bit less than an inch in diameter. The end was a rounded ball
no bigger than a fingertip with a ring welded to it.

"This is one type of Kegel exerciser," Lucy told them. "Does anybody know what
it's for?" When she was met with silence, she informed the group, "You can erase
demerits with merits for exemplary class participation."

"It's to exercise internal muscles, Miz Lucy," Darlene offered.

"Right. Have you ever used one like this?"

"No, ma'am. Miz Lucy."

"So what kind of Kegel exercises did you do?"

Darlene was blushing crimson, embarrassed to answer but afraid not to. "I used
my fingers," she said so softly that few could hear because of the noisy
basketball game going on so close to them.

"That's an excellent exercise," Lucy said loudly. "And it doesn't require any
special equipment. Just put your finger or fingers inside your pussy and squeeze
down on them. So how do you suppose this is used?" she asked then.

"You put it in your puss', big end first, and then let it out one knob at a
time," Darlene replied, both proud that she knew the answer and embarrassed for
the same reason.

"Very good," Lucy smiled. "So everybody get one and let's see how you do. We
keep them in the steam room because they're not very comfortable when they're
cold. I prefer the plain polished metal ones, but many people like the
latex-coated ones. You can try both over the next few days. Now, the steam room
is..."

Cherry blushes spread through the group as they realized what they were going to
do, as they each picked a device off a rack on the wall of the steam room. Back
in the exercise area on the rubber mats, Lucy had them all insert the bar up to
the second largest ball.

Wendy felt surprised at the feeling of an object penetrating her for the very
first time. She was a true virgin. She had visited her gynecologist a few weeks
before coming to GWU to have her hymen surgically removed. Not very traditional,
she knew, but less painful than having it torn during her first intercourse. She
had been warned that penetration would be required during the course, so she
wanted to be prepared.

But she wasn't prepared for the feelings. It felt, well, good, she decided.
Full. Right. She felt no physical discomfort, just acute embarrassment at doing
anything with her private parts which, for twenty one years, she had touched
only with toilet paper or a wash cloth. But it was nice, feeling a little
stretching like an internal massage. Unfortunately, as soon as she took her hand
off the object, it slid out and thudded onto the rubber mat. So did most of
them, especially when Lucy ordered the women to squat. She wanted it back inside
her, and Lucy instructed them all to try again.

Darlene was proud of herself and her control. Her OB doctor taught her Kegel
exercises to help her prepare for and recover from childbirth. Although she
didn't exercise her PC muscles daily like she knew she should, she did them
often enough to have far more strength and much better control than any of the
other women in her group.

"That's great, Darlene," Lucy congratulated her. "I can see that you'll be
getting some special privileges and might be excused from some of my classes.
Now let's see how you do with this."




Chapter Six -- Placement Testing II

"This is one type of PC meter," Lucy announced, holding up the device. It was a
rubber cylinder about an inch and a quarter around and five inches long with
disk-shaped base, from which extended a hose connected to a meter with a
five-inch dial graduated from 10 to 250. "For hygiene and ease of passing it
from one person to another, we use lubricated condoms. So let's see what you can
do."

Completely humiliated to be the center of attention as she rolled the condom
over the rubber shaft and slid it into her vagina, Darlene was still proud when
Lucy exclaimed, "Wow, a hundred six! That's a new record for a freshman."

Lucy took a clipboard to record everyone's reading. Half of them, including
Katy, Maria, Wendy, and Laura, could barely move the dial. Debbie and Jennifer
managed to move the dial up to twenty-something and Kim managed to push the
needle a hair over thirty but still less than a third of Darlene's reading.

"I'm such a show off," Lucy giggled when they had all finished. She rolled a
fresh condom over the rubber shaft and inserted it into her pussy. "Watch this."

Everyone looked at the meter on the wall as the needle swung to stop above 200
and then dropped back to zero, then went back up where Lucy held it for some
seconds.

"A passing grade for pussy power is sixty, but that's barely passing. Seventy
will get you a C. Eighty, a B; and overninety, an A. Everything over 100 is
A-plus, so you've already earned your first superior grade, Darlene. Let's give
her a hand."

They all applauded the blushing mother until Lucy held up her hand. "OK, all you
fitness nuts. There are three elements to fitness. What are they?"

When no one spoke, she called, "Debbie, you're obviously into physical fitness.
What are the three essential elements of fitness?"

"Strength," she ventured, then confidently added, "flexibility and endurance."

"So can you guess what we'll be doing in my class?"

"Strength, flexibility, and endurance," she repeated more evenly.

"You didn't address your professor, Miz Lucy, correctly," Tina snarled,
startling everyone with her loud voice. "You can expect a spanking later on to
help you remember your manners."

Debbie's complexion immediately changed from flushed pink with embarrassment to
pale white with fear. The rosy pink returned when she was ordered to demonstrate
the endurance of her PC muscles on the next machine. It was an ordinary swivel
stool with an old fashioned bicycle seat attached to the pedestal, with one
notable addition -- a smooth black rubber dildo slightly larger than the one on
the other PC meter, attached to the narrow front end of the bicycle seat.

"This one's a bit squishy," Lucy snickered, squeezing the soft rubber shaft so
it collapsed between her fingers. "The objective is to squeeze it with your PC
muscles and inflate the balloon. If you're really good, we can replace the
balloon with a condom."

They all now saw the short metal tube that extended at a right angle under the
seat and the long, limp party balloon that hung from it. "So slip a rubber on
and climb on."

Blushing crimson, Debbie rolled the lubricated condom onto the shaft. It
collapsed the first time she tried to impale herself on it and then it bent over
when she tried again. Giggles flowed around until she got it inside. "Squeeze
and release, squeeze and release. Do it for ten minutes starting now," Lucy
ordered. "And the rest of you, insert two fingers into your vaginas and start
squeezing. You all need the practice."

"Yes, Miz Lucy," they answered in a chorus.

"Except you, Darlene. You've already passed that basic part of this class. Of
course, you still have to show you have passable stamina, but I'm sure you do.
You need to practice if you want to keep your excellent strength down there, but
for now, you can go have a drink or snack. You're free for about the next hour
until it's your turn to show your stuff."

"Thank you, Miz Lucy." She glanced at Tina for reassurance. Tina smiled and
gestured, making it clear that she was free to go. Feeling uncomfortable about
leaving and a little frightened at leaving alone, she walked calmly out of the
gym toward the dining room, where she shyly avoided the two seniors talking at a
table and got a cup of coffee.

"Come join us, super numerator," one of the seniors called out to her. "So what
did you ace?"

"The PC meter test, ma'am," Darlene answered shyly, even though she was a good
ten years younger.

"What did you do?" the other asked.

"A little over a hundred," Darlene replied.

"Wow!" they both gasped, Bern adding, "I barely got my seventy this week. That's
great. So, how is it so far in hell week?"

"Embarrassing."

"It'll get worse," Toni, the other senior chuckled. "Especially since you forgot
your freshman position when you were given a break. You can be sure that Tina
noted your shortcoming."

"Oh, no!" Darlene wailed, realizing her mistake.

Both the seniors laughed. "Relax," Bern told her. "Tina will find some reason to
spank every one of you in the next couple of days. It's part of the program.
It'll sting and be totally devastating, but you'll laugh about it later. You'll
probably end up wearing cuffs or a gag for a while, too, and you'll survive them
and then you might find you kind of like it, being helpless, that is. I know I
did."

"The whole program here is planned carefully to make you into the perfect
Stepford Wife for your hubby. And you'll probably like how it turns out," Toni
told her. "I'll give you an example. Are there any mothers with young kids in
your group?"

"Yes, me," Darlene replied.

"OK. Have you noticed that you're not getting many demerits but you're getting
put down for lots of spankings?"

"No, but now that you mention it." She let the rest hang.

"That's so you don't lose phone and visitor privileges. If you screw up bad
enough, you may end up visiting with your kids wearing a chastity belt under
your skirt with a giant something pushed up your butt, but you can't be a good
wife and mother if you can't see your kids. And we saw your rebel, Kim. They
break the rebellious streak first, and then work on her with kindness. I bet she
gets a good night's sleep tonight."

"That doesn't mean it will be easy," Bern told her. "There are more indignities
to be endured, but lots of them will be enjoyable, and even those you don't like
are tolerable."

"Like what?" Darlene asked.

"Well, tonight at dinner, you'll get your spanking in the most humiliating
position imaginable, and tomorrow, guess what?"

"I'm afraid to ask."

Their conversation lasted for most of the hour break that the three had earned.
They both asked Darlene not to give away any of GWU's secrets to the other
freshmen, and then waved as they parted. Standing in the hall, Darlene tried to
decide if she should walk back in freshman position. She decided that her
punishment would probably be the same whether she walked back in position or
not. And if she did, Tina might suspect that someone clued her in. So she
casually walked back into the gym to find Laura sitting on the bicycle seat,
humiliated as Lucy berated her for her total lack of strength and stamina.

"Go ahead and get off," Lucy sighed, sounding disgusted. "You can see how much
work you'll need to do to get you a passing grade. Ah, and here's my star. As
soon as Laura switches rubbers, climb on."

Thanks to birthing five children, Darlene easily relaxed so the rubber dong
slipped right in. Then she started pumping her PC muscles. The balloon instantly
stood out straight like a prick jumping to erection. As she continued to
concentrate and rhythmically contract her muscles, Tina stepped forward and
snarled, "I think you ought to continue in position so you will remember how
freshmen are to walk."

"Yes, Miz Tina," Darlene answered, trying not to crack a knowing smile as she
laced her fingers behind her neck.

"You'll have to be spanked to be sure that you don't forget again," Tina added
sternly.

"Yes, Miz Tina," Darlene grunted, trying to concentrate on squeezing her muscles
around the rubber shaft. Everyone stared in awe as the balloon slowly inflated
from its base outward, a long party balloon like clowns use to make balloon
animals.

"You've already passed," Lucy told Darlene. "Want to try for an A plus?"

"Yes, Miz Lucy," she answered, closing her eyes to concentrate, knowing that her
efforts would be rewarded. She received another round of applause when she had
completely filled the balloon in less than ten minutes. The rubber bulb was
getting hard to squeeze and Debbie was glad to slide off the device.

The freshmen spent the rest of the afternoon enduring physical fitness tests of
flexibility, strength, and endurance. Darlene did surprisingly well for her
weight but still didn't pass. Only Wendy and Debbie passed everything.

The testing facilities were surprisingly sophisticated. Some were simple like a
low platform to stand on and bend over to show flexibility along a yardstick
between their feet. But GWU also had a treadmill equipped with a cardiac monitor
and calibrated oxygen use system. Each of them had a mouthpiece put in their
mouth and electrodes attached to their chests.

Before the physical fitness testing, each of them was given a pair of Spandex
biker's shorts and a stretchy exercise bra. Tina explained that they didn't want
any chafing of inner thighs or stretched tendons or "other supporting tissue."

The endurance test began slowly as they raised the testee's heart rate into a
pre-establish zone for her age. Then they changed the angle and speed of the
treadmill to keep her heart pumping until the testee collapsed in exhaustion or
scored 'superior'. Thanks to years of aerobics classes, Debbie scored the
highest. Wendy loved to jog alone and enjoy nature and did nearly as well.

Strength was tested against a hydraulic press. Then they each pumped dumbbells
until they were exhausted, or, as Tina put it, "Until muscle failure." Lucy
carefully recorded the weight and number of rep's for each of the freshmen. Kim,
who was exhausted from lack of sleep and her ordeal of the previous night, did
poorly on all the tests.

Right after their fitness tests, the group was herded back to the showers while
still dressed in the exercise clothes. Kim even got to carry her bonds in her
hands rather than wearing them. Tina reminded the freshmen that they weren't
allowed to touch their own bodies. Their afternoon shower included lots of
tickling, teasing, and laughing.

The sophomores again provided warm towels plus an extra canvas laundry bin in a
wheeled frame for the exercise clothes. Then it was time for dinner; a simple
affair of spicy corn chowder served in Styrofoam bowls and fresh baked wheat
biscuits on paper plates.

The freshmen relaxed with their beverage of choice and a chocolate chip muffin
as the sophomores cleared the tables, tossing the disposables directly into
trash containers. Then the sophomores settled at the two vacant tables.

Darlene knew what was next. Spankings. She just prayed that she wouldn't be
first and thanked God that she wasn't. A sophomore, Alecia, was given that
honor.

Peggy read the accusation: discourtesy.

"Thank you for helping us out," Peggy snickered. "We won't have to try to
explain spanking positions to our freshman class. You can demonstrate for us.
Are you ready?"

"Yes, Miz Peggy."

"Good. Now to the table."

"But Miz Peggy," Alecia objected. "Liz requested the rack."

"I know, but I want you to demonstrate the position."

The woman took off her apron before bending over a table and grasping its sides.

"You will note that her feet are outside the table legs, wide apart but that her
thighs are well back from the table edge," Peggy pointed out. "And now, our
beloved rack."

A wooden framework was pulled from behind curtains that covered one wall of the
dining room. It was a simple square constructed of two-by-four lumber that was
eight feet long on each side with metal eye-bolts spaced every six inches or so
along the inside surface. More complicated was the horizontal crosspiece
assemblage that fit inside the square frame. It was shaped somewhat like a
wooden barrel with every other stave missing, that hung on two right angle
brackets.

Peggy explained the rack in some detail. Except for the outside square,
everything was adjustable for the size of the woman to be disciplined. Liz, the
pregnant senior who was wronged, attached a larger than life size rubber penis
to the middle of the thing.

Alecia was fitted with padded cuffs around her wrists and ankles. Then she was
forced to simulate fellatio on the rubber cock, the only lubrication she was
allowed. After she was impaled on the dildo, ropes were pulled through the
eyebolts and tied off, holding the poor girl spread eagle with her bottom thrust
out behind her.

Liz teased poor Alecia, making her rock her pelvis on the dildo several times
before the first blow of the wooden paddle was actually delivered. Liz took her
time, pausing for almost a minute between each sharp smack. All of the freshmen
winced each time they heard the sharp crack followed by Alecia's gasp and groan.

"Now kiss and make up," Peggy ordered after the sixth blow was landed.

The freshmen gasped even more at the blatantly lesbian kiss that followed the
punishment. Liz and Alecia remained in an embrace for several minutes, sharing
intimate caresses, and lots of tongue.

Tina read a list of sins committed by the freshmen, such as failing to walk in
the freshman's required position and touching her own body during her shower.
Kim, back in full bondage, the high-heeled boots and spreader bar, plus her
handcuffs, was first. Because she was already in shackles, she was affixed to
the rack for her spanking.

Darlene felt more and more terrified as it became obvious that she was next. She
wanted to run, run and hide. To escape. Anything to avoid the humiliation and
pain. But she didn't, more afraid of the punishment for running than facing what
was about to happen.

"Would you like to be gagged?" Tina asked her. "If you curse, you'll be punished
for that, too."

"No, ma'am, Miz Tina. I don't use cuss words. I just don't. It's because of my
children."

"Very good. Assume the position."

Darlene bent over the table, conscious that her bare bottom was exposed, but
even more aware of the cool air that wafted over her now very exposed sex that
was surely gaping wide open. Tina told her to move her bottom "a little farther
back." She had to hold on now to keep from falling onto her butt and realized
that the position gave her lots of room to move but gravity dictated that her
bottom would always return to the perfect position for...

Smack! The first swat landed without warning, a sizzling sting that completely
covered her buttocks, which instinctively clenched tightly. Darlene hissed out a
cuss word that was so well covered by her forceful exhalation that no one
recognized it as profanity.

And then she waited for the next blow. And while she waited, the feelings in her
bottom changed, first to a sensation of tingling along with the stinging, as if
she had sat on the floor in one position for too long. And then heat, a warm
feeling that wasn't completely unpleasant now that her breathing was back.

Smack! A harder, more crisp swing by Tina, followed by another interminable
pause and all of the same feelings. 'Just ten more,' Darlene whimpered to
herself. 'I can stand this.' It hurt, but not as bad as may other hurts. Even
little greases patters when she fried...

Smack! Tina timed the remaining blows carefully for maximum... 'What?' Darlene
wondered, realizing that there was some method to what was happening. 'Not pain.
Just feelings, all the mixed up jumbled silly humiliation along with the heat,
sting, tingle, clench, and, geez, arousal. Please, God, no! Everyone will see
that my pussy is... puffy and wet and... "Please!"

"Please, what, Darlene?" Tina asked calmly.

"Just get it over with," Darlene sobbed pitifully.

"But it's already over. You'll have to count out loud next time."

'Next time,' Darlene sighed, pulling with her arms until her body weight was
again balanced over her feet before she tried to stand. She held the table for
balance as she brought her legs together.

'Feelings,' Darlene realized, were an important part of this little ceremony.
Now she knew what it meant to be tanned, because with each step, her bottom felt
leathery, as if it had been toughened into suede leather. She put her hands back
there to rub away some of the discomfort and found that every touch set off more
tingling and burning sensations. But her bottom didn't feel like leather to her
hands, it just felt leathery to the sensory nerves in her bottom.

But it was over for her, and time for a cold cola before they were herded back
to their rooms to finish their homework. But before they started, they all
talked a while, mostly to Darlene and mostly about her spanking.




Chapter Seven -- Placement Testing III

When the other women went to their rooms for the night, Tina took Kim back to
the infirmary. "You'd better never let anyone know I went soft on you or you'll
pay," Tina snapped, furrowing her brow menacingly.

"No, Miz Tina. Never."

"I'm going to leave these off for tonight so you can sleep and hopefully heal up
a little, but don't try anything. One more slip up and you'll really be in
hell."

"Yes, Miz Tina. I'll be good."

"Let's see if we can't make you a little more comfortable." And she could and
did, dabbing cortisone cream on all the little puncture wounds to help with the
itching. Kim felt like she had died and gone to heaven when Tina removed the
high-heeled boots and massaged her poor bruised soles with cool lotion. Before
long, Tina gently laid Kim's foot down before the massage was finished and
pulled a sheet and blanket over the sleeping woman.

-=*=-

"There's no way we can finish these tonight even if we stay up half the night,"
Debbie complained, throwing down the essay test in disgust.

"They did it on purpose," Kaitlyn whimpered. "So they'll have an excuse to spank
all of us tomorrow."

"It sure looks that way," Darlene agreed, smiling knowingly. "But if an old
woman like me can endure it, you'll survive too."

"I don't want to be spanked."

"Neither did I. Oh, well. I'm going to sleep."

"Well I'm going to finish this if it takes all night," Kaitlyn told the others.

-=*=-

"Feel any better?" Tina asked.

"Yes, Miz Tina. Much better. May I use the bathroom?"

"Nope, not today. March out and wait while I wake everybody else," Tina told
Kim.

Kim did as she was told, feeling much better, although very sore from the
unaccustomed exercise of the previous day. She also noted that the bar locked
between her ankles was shorter than the one she endured yesterday. She didn't
realize it, but Tina also switched the boots to half a size larger to go over
the cushioned anklets she was given, and that the heels were almost an inch
shorter so her calves wouldn't cramp. Kim just thought that she was getting used
to the bondage gear.

Uncomfortable primarily from her full bladder, Kim had to wait in the hall while
Tina rousted the others. They appeared one by one, groaning, walking in the
freshman position to stand with their butt cheeks touching the cool wall.
Darlene had slept like a baby, but Kaitlyn had fallen asleep at her desk, and
Debbie fell asleep on the sectional, so both were extra stiff.

Like the first day, Tina kept them in the hall until they were all sure that
their bladders were going to burst before herding them into the big open shower
room. Once they were lined up four to a side, Tina asked, "You, Darlene, PC
muscle super numerator. What exercise did you learn to improve the strength and
control over your PC muscles that we might practice here?"

"Miz Tina," Darlene began, expecting the question, "One Kegel exercise is to
interrupt one's urine stream by contracting the PC muscles."

"And the more times you stop the urine, the better. So who wants to be first?"
One by one, Tina made the women squat and urinate in short squirts rather than a
long satisfying stream. Only a few of them managed to stop their urine until
their bladders were nearly empty. Tina noted in her book how many squirts they
managed, berating those who let out long squirts instead of short squirts.

Yesterday's early morning routine was then repeated. They finished using the
bathroom and then cleaned it, made the beds for all of the other women in the
building, and did some sweeping and dusting. They had another great breakfast in
the dining hall served by the sophomores, who, that day, dressed in latex
micro-skirts and tube tops.

And then they got dressed in high-heeled boots and coveralls. It felt strange to
wear clothes at all but going from nude to denim coveralls was almost torture
over their sore muscles, sensitive nipples, and unprotected pussies. The crotch
seams did terrible things to sensitive private parts as the class was led
outside.

"Fix that flat," Tina ordered, pointing to Jennifer and then to a minivan with a
flat tire. "You have half an hour." She continued around the building. There
were various passenger vehicles all around with one tire flat, eight in all, one
for each of the freshmen.

The older women figured out what needed to be done, but only Darlene managed to
get the tire changed in the allotted thirty minutes. The youngest barely knew
how to get started, and either failed to even get the car jacked up, or they
were stopped by Tina for "safety violations" such as not checking to be sure the
parking brake was set.

Just before lunch, they assembled in a classroom and viewed pairs of 35-mm
slides projected on the wall. They had to decide which, in their opinion, was
sexier, the left or the right, and which they thought men would think was
sexier. They were warned that they had to make those choices for every pair. In
many cases, it was difficult:

Woman in torn T-shirt		Woman in garter belt & hose
Man in boxers			Man in leather cup
Woman tied up clothed		Woman nude with legs spread
Fat woman nude			Little girl in devil Halloween costume
Woman in cutoff shorts		Same woman in skin-tight formal & tight T-shirt
Two nude women kissing		Two nude men kissing
Two nude women kissing		A man & woman kissing
A barefoot topless			A bikini clad model wearing high heels
38 DD model Woman in wet T-shirt	Same woman nude
Woman receiving oral sex		Woman receiving oral sex from a man
	 from a woman
Man receiving oral sex from a woman	Man receiving oral sex from a man

Some of the pairs of slides were gross. Dogs fucking versus a large dog
copulating with a woman. And even though the second photo offended every one of
them, they all agreed that it was sexier than just two dogs, and were sure that
men felt the same. Just about every sexual activity possible was shown,
including oral, anal, and conventional sexual activity, but most of the photos
showed models in at least some clothing. They recognized a few of the staff
members in the photos, especially Clarice with her husband's arm buried wrist
deep inside her vagina.

In spite of the disgusting nature of some of the photos, every woman in the room
found herself salivating as the smell of fresh bread baking wafted into the
classroom from the kitchen below. All their stomachs were growling as the test
ended, and they were herded to the dining room in freshman position.

After lunch, the freshmen were tested on their knowledge of diet and health. In
the middle of the afternoon, they went to the gym for their first real workout.

Chris, who the married women had met at the party last Sunday night, led them
through a very simple step routine. "You don't need music or fancy moves or hops
or jumps or anything else," she lectured as they worked out. "Just movement,
constant movement for at least twenty minutes. I see you're getting out of
breath, Laura. Slow down. Half time it. Tina, will you help? While we do
one-two-three-four, you just go one-and a two - and so you step half as often.
There you go. It's more important that you keep going. You start off burning
glycogen, the sugar your body has stored in muscles and your bloodstream. You've
got to burn it up before you start burning fat and we're entering the fat
burning zone now. So get your arms up, straight up every time your right
foot..."

Laura was sure she was going to die. She was still sore from the previous day's
exertion, so sore that her legs sometimes felt wobbly as she had walked around
earlier in the day. It was far worse when they started stepping up and down on
the plastic platforms. At least it was until the blood was flowing through the
sore muscles, pumping away the wastes that made her sore. It was humiliating to
be the first to slow to half time but she was soon joined by several others,
including Darlene.

When they were all exhausted, they were herded into the gyms' shower room for a
quick shower. Then they walked single file into the old convent, where tiny
cells lined a basement wall, barely eight feet long and five feet wide. Inside
each cell were a massage table, a small table with lotions and oils, and one of
the juniors or seniors.

Laura walked through the door to which Tina pointed and was met by Bern, a
senior. "Lay down on the table on your belly," Bern instructed. "And I'll tell
you what's going on. First, you can't say anything while we're in here. Period.
And you can't resist anything that I do."

As Bern poured icy oil onto Laura's back so she sucked in air in a loud hiss,
Bern continued, "This is both a test and therapeutic. Massage therapy will help
get rid of your soreness a little quicker. It's also designed to make you more
responsive to touch and to be a little erotic. So just lay there and enjoy."

Bern's technique was good, sometimes rubbing, sometimes pounding, sometimes
chopping at sore muscles with the edges of her hands. Laura felt her muscles
relax under Bern's expert ministrations, and the relaxation continued to deepen
until she felt like she was floating.

Smack-smack! Bern laid stinging slaps across Laura's butt cheeks. It hurt and
Laura wanted to object, but it didn't hurt nearly as much as the spanking with
the paddle after dinner so she remained silent and endured it. And when Bern
moved down to firmly massage her feet, the stinging hurt became an erotic tingle
and Bern then enhanced it by sliding her oily fingers deep up Laura's butt
crack, giving a gentle probe to her anal bud.

Laura was told to roll over onto her back. It felt odd, her oily back sliding on
the smooth plastic of the massage table. She prayed silently for something to
cover herself with, even a face cloth, but of course, that wasn't allowed. So
the massage continued with her legs straight and her hands under her head and it
was heavenly until...

Bern gabbed continuously and was still talking when her hand cupped between
Laura's legs. "Open up. Pull your knees up and spread 'em," Bern snickered. "You
exercised this, too, so I have to massage you there."

It took a supreme effort for Laura to keep her knees apart and allow the
intimate contact as Bern dipped her fingers in a jar of cool cream and applied
it to the inside of Laura's vagina. "Squeeze my fingers. You call that a
squeeze? Again. Good, now..."

Next door, Wendy was also spreading her knees for Mary Jo, a junior who was
practicing her massage technique as well as acting as an instructor.

"I heard that you have sexual feelings for women, so you ought to enjoy this,"
Mary Jo told her. "And so will I."

Two fingers coated with the cool vaginal cream entered Wendy's pussy and began a
sensuous internal massage, sliding out to gently but firmly pinch her labia and
slide up and down, the tips of Mary Jo's fingers just grazing the sides of
Wendy's erect clitoris. Wendy bucked on the table at even the slightest touch.

"What you need to realize, and our professors will emphasize this again and
again, is that it's all in your head. With a little training, any man could do
exactly what I'm doing and do it just as gently and effectively and sensuously
and erotically, and you're getting pretty turned on, aren't you?"

"Oh, gawd, yes!"

"Pull your knees all the way up to your titties," Mary Jo chuckled. "I have to
spank you because remember that I told you that you couldn't talk at all, and
you said three words because I'm counting the 'oh', so you're going to get
thirty smacks, but since I'm using my bare hand, it won't hurt much because I
don't want to hurt my hand. Good, now get ready."

Wendy was whimpering, frightened of receiving a spanking, even a bare-handed
one, and aroused by the massage of her private parts and embarrassed by her
position and nudity. Mary Jo made it worse by continuing to massage her exposed
private parts with her left hand while she landed the first stinging slap on
Wendy's left butt cheek and quickly landed the second on the right.

"Don't move," Mary Jo ordered after administering the thirtieth slap. The senior
sat up on the table with her thigh under Wendy's lower back. She used both hands
to massage Wendy's labia and the opening to her vagina and her erect,
ultra-sensitive clitoris, until the younger girl was bucking and writhing,
desperately trying to remain silent as all of her body's muscles tightened,
until the tension was unbearable and so were the feelings. And then she lost all
control, bucking her hips and kicking out her legs so she nearly knocked Mary Jo
off the table.

"Come here," Mary Jo ordered, taking Wendy's hands and pulling her up to a
sitting position so they could hug. Wendy clung to Mary Jo, hugging her tightly,
whimpering softly against the senior's shoulder.

"If that was your first big O, thanks for letting me do it," Mary Jo said softly
into Wendy's ear. "And even if it wasn't your first, it was hot. I don't know
what you were thinking about, but it doesn't matter. They'll explain their
theories later. I always imagine it's Brad Pitt touching me like that. I guess
I'm a little homophobic because when I think about a woman touching me like
that, I get all tense and can't cum very easily, but then Brad pops into my mind
and POW!"

"Now lay down so I can finish. In just over five weeks, I'll graduate as an
official good wife and I'm still scared because the real test will be when I'm
back with Ben. But I think we're going to make it. What scares me the most is
me. I know, well, he rents these sex videos and they always have lesbian scenes
and he told me he'd like to watch me one time, at least, and I don't know if I
want to do it."

Mary Jo's massage was gentler now, more loving, as if they were sisters
comforting each other.

Next door, Laura's mind was screaming, 'No! I can _NOT_ have an orgasm from...
Oh, but I need to. I'm.. Damn, I'm horny. She's good. Oh, geez!'

"You shouldn't be afraid of cumming," Bern told Laura with an evil snicker. "I'm
gonna get you whether you like it or not, sooner or later. Our mums, that's how
I think of Clarice and Peggy and even Lucy to some extent, they'll tell you that
making you have sex with other women will make you even more responsive to a
man. Imagine your husband trained to do this, that it's his fingers doing this."

William? Touch me like... Oh, geez! William, who has barely touched me in... How
long? Who doesn't seem interested in sex at all any more except for his
Penthouse maga... Bill, touching. Ah, he used to... Necking in the old
Studebaker, their... Ah!

Skill and skillful mental diversion were the winning combination for Bern as
Laura lost it, every ounce of control was gone as her body betrayed her,
exploding in ecstasy under the touch of a woman.

Bern pulled Laura up into a bear hug and pecked little kisses on her forehead as
they embraced. "Thinking about your hubby got you off," Bern told her. "You
still love him, don't you?"

"Yes."

"That'll be ten on the bare buns," Bern laughed softly. "Just before we finish
so everybody can see you nice rosy cheeks."

And when she left Bern behind in the little cell where a nun once lived, Laura
discovered that all the freshmen had rosy bottoms. Some even had distinctive
pink palm prints. She wondered if all of them had been brought to orgasm.

Back in her room, Maria was in tears, sure that she was a lesbian because she
had never before had an orgasm, except with a vibrator in the privacy of her
room while she fantasized about making love to a man. She shrank away from Wendy
when Wendy offered a hug and sympathy.

Debbie, however, delighted in teasing the other young women in the dorm room for
unmarried freshmen. The teasing was her personal defense mechanism against the
same feelings that the others were experiencing.

In the other room, the married women spoke freely about their feelings. "I just
couldn't believe what that woman did to me," Laura admitted, still a little
embarrassed but needing to talk to help sort out her feelings.

"That minx that did me had me going from the time I rolled over and she got at
my nipples. My boobs are wired directly to my crotch, and I was ready to cum
before she even touched me between my legs, and when she did, it was all over
until the next time."

"You came more than once?" Kaitlyn asked, surprised.

"I lost count," Darlene blushed. "I guess I'm multi-orgasmic. Well, actually I
know I am but I was never... My husband doesn't know. He thinks it's all over
when I pop."

"With guys, it is," the young wife sighed. "Bruce gets me hot and then he gets
off and that's it. That was my first."

"You're kidding!" Kim gasped, allowed to spend the night in the dorm room rather
than the infirmary exam room. The bar between her boots had been replaced by a
chain that was much more comfortable to walk in. "You mean you've never had an
orgasm with your husband?"

"We just married because I got knocked up," Kaitlyn snapped.

"But why did you let him in your pants? Love?" Kim challenged.

"I thought!"

"So you didn't do it for sex, you did it for love, but you equated love with
sex, is that it?"

"Huh? Well, I loved him and he wanted sex, and he said that if I loved him I'd
have sex with him, so I did and I got knocked up."

"Didn't you do any necking and petting and stuff?" Laura asked.

"You mean like kissing a lot? Sure, but that's not sex."

"But it's sexy. Kissing turns me on."

"Me, too."

They talked well into the night, realizing as they went to sleep that they'd all
have to endure spankings the next day for not completing the essay tests that
they were given after the dinnertime spankings ended.




Chapter Eight -- Tests End and Class Begins

It was only the third day in the old convent school but it seemed like they had
been there forever - except... something was different. Darlene craned her head
to look at the clock on the bedside table. The light emitting diodes told her
that it was 6:10. Where was Miz Tina? Why weren't they lining up in the hallway
at 5:30?

"Good morning, student," Tina smiled at Darlene, moving to the side of her bed.
"No more lining up in the hall unless you screw up and you won't do that will
you?"

"No, Miz Tina," Darlene replied, afraid of losing her telephone privileges that
allowed her to talk to her children and her husband every evening. She knew
she'd have to screw up badly for that to happen, but the possibility scared her
more than anything else did. Her family was her life. That's why she agreed to
spend twelve weeks in this.. good wife school, college, university, whatever.

"New position," Tina chuckled. "Put one finger in your vagina and make sure
there's a finger in there all day. You can go to the bathroom and get a shower.
Any questions? You can also talk whenever you want to as long as there's no
profanity or disrespect."

"I can touch myself? Wash myself?"

"Strange question from a woman who's going to spend the day with her finger in
her twat," Tina laughed. "Yes, you may touch yourself. Actually, that's
required. Just make sure you pee in squirts to get your morning exercise. When
you're ready, go get some breakfast. Class starts right here at eight. Now go
on."

"Yes, Miz Tina," Darlene answered, blushing as she tried to push her dry index
finger into her equally dry vagina.

"It helps if you wet it," Tina said, sucking on her own finger to provide an
example.

Darlene blushed even more but she preferred wetting her finger in her mouth
rather than caressing herself to get the natural lubricant flowing in her cunt.
She found that inserting a finger next to a full bladder was a strange and
uncomfortable sensation. As she left for the bathroom, Darlene heard Tina begin
to repeat the same instructions to Kaitlyn.

In the room next door, Lucy was going through the same process with the
unmarried freshmen. Darlene asked Maria to wash her back and then reciprocated.
They shared easy conversation as they washed themselves, being sure to remove
all the soap just in case Tina had them bend over so she could sniff. Darlene
and Maria were already brushing their teeth before the next woman came in to
shower and they were the first in the dining room where Lynda, dressed in a
short waitress uniform, took their breakfast order.

Two of the juniors, Gloria and Nicole, joined Maria and Darlene, teasing them
about the previous day's massage and informing them that soon it would be them
giving the massages, especially to privileged seniors. Before long, the dining
room filled with chattering women. Instead of hovering over them like a Snoopy
Vulture, Tina sat at one of the tables with the students and engaged in a lively
conversation filled with laughter.

"Ten minutes 'til eight," one of the sophomores called out to remind everyone
that the day was about to start. In pairs, they wandered back to their
designated classrooms blushing the whole way as they walked with glasses or mugs
in one hand, the other hand occupied between their legs. The freshmen were to
assemble in the married women's room on the sectional sofas.

"I'm glad to see you all endured hell week without too many of you in chains,"
Clarice greeted them, taking a dig at Kim. "In the past, we've sometimes had the
whole freshman class beginning in shackles when a natural leader happens to also
be the class rebel. When our current seniors started, six had their ankles
shackled and wore ball gags for their first day of class, which makes things
pretty tough on everybody. When that happens, Tina has a lot more work, too,
since hell week is extended until they toe the line. So I want to thank all of
you for being you. Now let's get started. Who can tell me what the biggest
problems are for married couples?"

Kaitlyn slowly and shyly raised her hand.

"Kaitlyn?"

"Sex?" Kaitlyn ventured.

"One of the top two. Care to guess the other?"

"Communication," Laura said.

"Precisely, and often it's communication about sex or, more precisely, poor
communication. So, guess what?" Clarice asked rhetorically. "We're going to
spend a lot of time on sex, communications, and communicating about sex and, as
the old cliche tells us, practice makes perfect. So guess what? In case you
haven't guessed, you're going to practice on each other."

"Some of you are worried about same-sex sex, aren't you? Well, don't worry.
We've been doing this for forty years and we haven't turned all our graduates
into lesbians. As a matter of fact, most of those who thought that they were
lesbian found out that they're actually bisexual and that they loved or at least
could enjoy sex with men even though they continued to prefer or even need
sexual contact with women. And you know what? With good communication, most men
don't mind."

"Look at this chart," Clarice told them, pointing to a poster set on a tripod
stand.

    x - men                                  +++       xx
    + - women                             +     +      xx
                                        +        +    x x
                                     +            +  x  x
                                   +               +x   x
                                +                  x+   x
                            +                     x  +  x
      x                +                          x   + x
     x  x       +                                x    ++x
    x    x+                                      x     +x
   x +    xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx       +
  totally                                         totally
  homosexual                                 heterosexual


"It's my theory, supported by lots of other experts, that we're all sexual but
that we have different feelings and needs for sexual contact with our own sex
and with the opposite sex. Very few women are strictly heterosexual or
homosexual. We fall somewhere on a curve like this with most of us leaning
strongly toward men. That's a natural thing to ensure preservation of the
species homo sapiens. Men tend to be more exclusively hetero or homosexual. But
be honest with yourselves and you'll probably recognize that you've had sexual
fantasies involving a woman and you've probably felt something sexual for a
woman sometime in your life. The older you are, the more likely."

"But look around. We don't have any men here so we practice sex with women
because women are available. There are other advantages, too. For one, a woman
can't get a woman pregnant. I hope that when you have children, you'll remind
your daughters of that as well as the fact that you can't get pregnant by just
touching or kissing. It takes penis in vagina to make a baby. Let me see, Laura,
you're the mother here, right?"

"My boys are grown," Laura replied. "I think you mean Darlene."

"Teenagers?" Clarice asked Darlene.

"My daughter's twelve, thirteen in two months."

"When did she start menses?"

"Her first period? That was over a year ago."

"And every thirteen year old boy knows the expression 'old enough to bleed, old
enough to breed' and will be after her nubile body. So, what have you taught
your daughter about sex?"

Darlene coughed, then shyly replied honestly. "Not much. Just that she, that her
body's getting ready to have children when she got her first period and stuff
like that."

"Have you shown her where her clitoris is? And what it's good for?" Clarice
asked.

"No."

"Let's shift gears. I've embarrassed you enough. Laura, did you teach your sons
about the clitoris?"

"No."

"Ah, Wendy, did your mother teach you about the clitoris?"

"No."

As the discussion continued, Clarice unsnapped the crotch of the teddy that she
wore and soon had all the women circling their clitorises with a lubricated
fingertip. "If you don't know what excites you, you can't expect a man to
discover it, especially if you resist his touch. So we're going to do a lot of
playing around. The technical name is masturbation but that comes from Puritans.
It's attitude."

"Most of our attitudes about sex came from them and those attitudes survive to
this day. The United States is one of the few Western countries where the female
breast and nipple are considered 'dirty'. Have you read all the controversy
about breast-feeding in public? You would never have such a problem in England
or Germany or Africa or India or the Scandinavian countries. One of my
objectives is to dispel all the old myths that sex is dirty... unless you like
being naughty, that is. I want you all to realize that it's natural. God isn't
stupid. He didn't give you a clitoris for it to be ignored. He didn't give you
the ability to experience sexual pleasure so that you would suppress it."

"The Puritans believed that suffering was good and that we were placed on earth
only to suffer. They taught that all pleasure was bad and had to be suppressed.
The Puritans even resisted the celebration of Christmas for two centuries. Now
let's talk about Catholics and the Pope. The pill is a no-no. Sex is only for
procreation. Do you really believe that sex is only for procreation?"

"And the Moslems! Many still practice female circumcision, cutting out the
clitoris so a woman won't be tempted to stray. Does anyone here think that
that's proper and right? I don't and I don't think you will either. I'm not
anti-religion. I go to church myself and I consider myself a Christian, but some
of our organized religions have really screwed up us women and it's been going
on for centuries. How many of you had to read 'The Scarlet Letter'?"

Before long, Clarice spoke less and drew out the attitudes of the other women as
she continued to lead the discussion of sexual attitudes. After the discussion
was going for over an hour, she called for a potty break and reassembled the
group in the dining room to finish her morning session with fruit juice and
fresh fruit.

"So your homework assignment is this," Clarice told them in conclusion. "I want
each of you to play with your clit's for at least half an hour this evening.
Even if it's embarrassing, do it in front of the other women in the room. Get
over it, ladies. It's not dirty and it feels good. You don't have to have an
orgasm but I want you to talk about how you feel about it with each other and
then write a two-page report for me on your feelings. And if you don't have your
written reports to turn in tomorrow, you'll be sorry. Now off to the gym with a
finger on your love buttons rather than inside your puss'. Go on." Then she
shooed them all out.

"I never thought about sex that way," Laura said as they all walked down the
hall. "But it all makes sense."

"I wish somebody had taught me stuff like that," Kaitlyn sighed. "I wouldn't be
knocked up and married to Bruce."

"I thought you loved Bruce," Debbie commented.

"Yeah, but he's not very good at sex."

"He hasn't had much practice. Neither have you. Neither have I for that matter,"
Laura laughed.

"I have a feeling we're going to get a lot of practice over the next twelve
weeks."

"Looks that way," they all agreed as they walked into the gym to see the eight
seniors walking to the showers bathed in sweat. Chris was there to pass out
purple shorts and tops.

"OK, guys. This is the classroom and aerobic half of your exercise. For most of
the time you're here, you'll exercise twice a day with aerobics in the morning
and strength training in the afternoon. Sometimes we'll combine them, especially
later when we get into the reality of staying fit once you get back home to a
real life where you have to fit your exercise into a hectic schedule. But for
now, I want to start with the basics. So, Jennifer, when do your muscles grow?"

"When you exercise," she answered, sure she was right.

"Wrong," Chris snapped. "Muscles grow only when you rest. Exercise stresses them
to force your body to adapt to the stress you place on it. Have a seat and let's
talk about this. Now, what's the most..."

The fifteen minute lecture and discussion were pretty basic, just a review for
Debbie who made fitness a part of her life since she was ten. Some of what was
taught surprised Laura and Maria, though. And it was a good review and emphasis
for the rest of the group, especially the discussion of target heart rates.

Then they divided into groups by fitness level. Laura, Darlene, and Kaitlyn,
because of her pregnancy, were in one group that started out slowly on
treadmills. Debbie and Jennifer worked out on StairMasters at the expert level.
And Chris led the other three through a killer step workout, teaching them new
variations on the basic step routine that they had done the previous day.

Chris had Laura stop first, then Darlene. Kaitlyn had to keep walking for the
whole 45 minutes allotted to aerobic exercise but at a slow pace. For Debbie, it
was just a good workout, one that she'd have done at the health club back home
without being forced. Jennifer was still in good shape from high school track
and had earned a scholarship for track at college but wasn't used to the
StairMaster and found her thighs tightening up as the machine finished its
cycle.

They spent a few minutes in the steam room, then hit the showers. Lunch was
great but they found that the vigorous exercise decreased their appetites. "We
planned it that way," Chris told Laura as they finished their milk.

Sophomore Michelle reminded everyone at ten before one that the afternoon
instruction would be starting promptly on the hour. "Freshmen will report to
room 208 upstairs. Don't be late."

Lucy met them at the door and told them to take a seat in front of curtains that
bisected the room, hiding something on the other side. There were no desks. When
all eight freshmen were seated, Lucy told them, "We have a little more testing
to do. Some tests are harder to set up than others. So now, ladies, I'd like to
introduce you to fellatio testing." With that, she opened the curtain to display
two familiar men attached to X-shaped wooden frames by wide leather straps. Both
were blindfolded.

Although only in their third day, the freshmen weren't even shocked by the
sight. They let out giggles instead of gasps as Lucy introduced Bruce, Chris'
husband, and Red, Clarice's husband. "Can anybody guess what's going to happen
now?" Chris teased. A chorus of giggles was her reply.

"These guys like this," Lucy giggled, playfully slapping Bruce's hard-on so it
swung from side to side. "And you're supposed to be limp so the gals can get you
up."

"But bondage turns me on," Bruce told her, facing toward where he had heard her
voice which was no longer where she was.

"Well we'll just have to get you off. So -- sudden switch in classes -- we're
now in handjob one-oh-one. Who are our virgins here? Ah, you, come on up," Chris
ordered, pointing to Maria.

The crimson blush was obvious even through her dark complexion as Maria
uncertainly approached Bruce and Chris. "So how many penises have you ever
touched?" Chris asked the girl.

"My brother's when I gave him a bath when he was a baby. My mom made me wash
under his foreskin."

"I'm sorry to say that both these guys are circumcised," Chris apologized. "Come
on up here, everybody. This is fun for all of us, especially Bruce, right stud?
So, young woman, what do you do now? Go on. Let's see what you'd do if this was
your boy friend and you wanted to give him release."

And it was fun. Chris teased all of them, especially Maria and Wendy. Once Maria
started stroking Bruce's erection, the sounds and eroticism of the situation got
Red up even though he was over sixty, and Wendy was assigned the job of getting
him off with her hands coated in cooking oil.

The women talked about terminology and penile topography. They showed the
younger, less experienced women the ridge on the bottom of the penis and
described how sensitive it could be, a fact confirmed by the men. They
experimented with various positions. Maria and Wendy, who were both
right-handed, found that standing to the men's right allowed them easier use of
their dominant hands.

"I bet that's why men prefer the driver's seat for making out," Darlene joked,
imagining her younger days in old cars.

"It also puts your palm and fingers on the bottom where the penis is most
sensitive, most sensitive except for the head, that is," Chris explained. "A
thumb on the bottom isn't nearly as nice. Now to get him off you have to go
harder and faster. Good. Very good."

Chris coached the girls to stand in front of the men so that their chests were
hosed by them when they came. The next chore was cleaning the girls' chests with
tongues. "You can't do this with a man you just met," Chris cautioned. "These
guys have had physicals and you've just had physicals to be sure none of you
have any diseases. Once you meet a man, it's a year of monogamy and two negative
tests for sexually transmitted diseases before you can taste his sperm but these
guys are safe. I guarantee it. And you old ladies, have a taste. Let me know how
it compares to your husbands' cum."

After wiping the oil away with a towel, Wendy and Maria took the now flaccid
cocks into their mouths. The men critiqued their performance. "A little more
pressure. Use your tongue. It's... Yeah that's it. Had to ask for tongue. It was
just lying there. Ah! No teeth."

"Isn't it neat feeling a guy get hard in your mouth?" Chris asked Maria.

"Yes, Miz Lucy."

"Well, that's it. Back off and let him calm down so everybody can get her turn.
How are you doing, Wendy? How's she doing, Red?"

"Like she's afraid I'll break or pop or something. A little... No, cancel that.
A lot firmer. That's better."

"Well, you've got him up. Now let him down. Kiss the end. It looks like Bruce is
ready. Who's next? No volunteers? Kim."

"Oh, yeah, she's done this before. Yeees!"

"So you'd say 'good technique'?"

"_VERY_ good," Bruce agreed.

"OK. Off. We have to save some for Tina. She's been horny all week and she'll
need to get off tonight. Debbie, do Red."

After all eight women had sucked a penis to erection and had their performance
critiqued, Chris gave Maria and Wendy a short class on scrotum licking and some
of the finer points of cock sucking. Then they left the men with rigid erections
as the women filed out and Clarice and Tina approached wearing big smiles and
heels.

"Have fun, you guys," everyone called after them.

"We will."

...and they did.




Chapter Nine -- Self Pleasurbation 101

"I can't believe I'm doing this," Kaitlyn giggled, hissing through gritted teeth
as she dipped her fingers in more 'pussy cream' from a jar Laura carried back
from the massage rooms.

"I don't really need it after my massage," Laura told her roommates as she
speeded up the strumming of her clit. "I can't remember ever getting off more
than once in a day."

"I'm used to using a vibrator when I really want to get off quick," Darlene told
the group. "Ever use one, Katy?"

"No... oh, shit."

"No profanity, young lady."

"It's OK during sex," Katy panted. "Clarice, shit, said, damn, that... oh,
fuck.OOh, oh OOOOO!"

"Me tooooooo," Laura squealed, her own orgasm set off by the pregnant teenager's
words and thrusting pelvis and the whole scene being played out on the facing
sofas.

"I want to make it last," Darlene sighed, slowly stroking her pussy with her
right hand. "Since they found out that they can make me cum quick and then keep
on cumming, they just get me off quick and then keep me popping again and again.
It's exhausting and I'm actually not enjoying the sex part of the massage any
more. Multiple orgasms are great in theory and yesterday was pretty neat, but
tonight, geesh. I don't think I want to cum again tonight but if I do, it's
going to be one big one."

"I wish I could do this all night," Katy sighed, frigging her pussy again as she
wallowed around on the soft leather-upholstered sectional sofa.

"We'd better stop having fun and write our papers," Laura said, having recovered
from her orgasm. "We don't want to get in too much trouble." She sat down at a
desk and picked up a pen.

You wanted to know how I feel and in one word, I feel WONDERFUL. I don't really
remember my last orgasm because it was so long ago that I had my last one. I
thought that it was just because I was getting older. Thanks, Clarice. Thanks
for being older than I am and setting an example.

So how did it feel to masturbate in front of everyone else? I was embarrassed
but hot at the same time. I think I may be starting an early menopause.

I had to think of my husband. William's a dear. He supported the kids and me,
and put up with my moods and, well, just me. He put up with my excuses about
headaches and every other excuse for not having sex. I guess he just gave up.
And so did I. Until I got here.

I guess I need to say something about being naked because I need to fill two
pages and I haven't even finished one. I know I'm fat and out of shape. Being
naked in front of everybody was humiliating and it still is but everybody is so
excepting (or is it accepting?) of me just as I am. Bernadette was so sweet when
she masturbated me. She said that I made her hot and bothered although she
wasn't lesbian and her saying that helped me along. And her--I guess you'd say
technique--was perfect for me, bringing me up a little at a time until I
couldn't help myself. I didn't want to have an orgasm even though I was getting
very excited. I fought it because it was...

Once she got started writing, Laura didn't want to stop. She put down every
detail of her experiences with Bern and then Nicole, ending with almost three
pages about exciting herself. When she put her pen down, the turned out the
light in her corner of the room and went to sleep, feeling satisfied and 'just
plain wonderful.'

Things started much slower in the room with the single women. There were far
more inhibitions residing there. Debbie finally just took charge. "OK, now we
are all going to play with our love buttons together," she snapped at Jennifer,
Maria, and Wendy. "No buts. No more excuses. No more delays. Just plop down and
spread your thighs and get to work."

"I just can't," Maria wept.

"You can and you will," Debbie snarled. Then, more lightly, she added, "Hey,
guys. This doesn't hurt."

"But it's so.demeaning," Maria objected.

"Bull shit! Why in the world can't you just do it? Just get some baby oil and
rub it in. Hey, you want me to do it for you?"

"No! It was bad enough having those other women touching me like that down
there."

"Didn't you enjoy it?" Debbie asked seriously.

"No! Well, yes, but."

"She's afraid she's becoming a lesbian, I bet," Wendy ventured.

"I am _NOT_!"

"I didn't say you were becoming a lesbian," Wendy told her angrily. "I said that
that's what you're afraid of. Right?"

"I am _NOT_ afraid," Maria insisted in a pout. "It's just wrong."

"Well, I'm going to do it," Debbie told the others, pouring baby oil in her hand
and starting to stroke between her labia. "I don't want a spanking or whatever
other punishment they can dish out so I'm going to do my half hour starting
now."

"Me, too, I guess," Wendy decided aloud, imitating Debbie but with less
enthusiasm.

Jennifer, the quietest in the group, didn't say anything, but she also squeezed
baby oil on her right hand. She closed her eyes as she started touching herself,
trying to be careful to avoid her clit so she wouldn't become excited and
embarrass herself even more in front of the others. She found it hard to keep
from being aroused. And then, after fifteen minutes, it was impossible. She
tried to stifle her panting and groans, and closed her eyes as if that would
prevent the others from seeing that she was there. And there. And.. she couldn't
cum. Her body just wouldn't release, wouldn't let her go over the top.

When she opened her eyes, everyone else was gone to their own little area,
Debbie and Wendy to their desks and Maria to her bed. Feeling frustrated with
herself and her inhibitions, she sat down to write her essay.

-=*=-

"Well, did anybody have any trouble with your assignment?" Clarice asked.

"I did," Jennifer blurted out, then immediately blushed and curled into a fetal
position, trying to hide herself.

"Who else?"

Debbie and Wendy stared at Maria but said nothing. Darlene offered, "I was just
so exhausted that I didn't have an orgasm. I didn't really want or need another
one, though. It just kind of felt good."

"But you did write two pages and then some. Good. All right, let's pick on
Jennifer and Darlene for now. Just remember that the rest of you will get your
turn. So, Jennifer, tell us about your masturbatory experience."

"It was embarrassing."

"Did it feel good to touch yourself?"

"A little."

"OK, gals," Clarice laughed. "Loosen up. Everybody oil up your fingers and let's
practice a little self pleasure starting right now." To set the example, Clarice
picked up a bottle of baby oil and lubed herself, gently stroking between her
labia.

"I'm going to use the pussy cream," Kaitlyn giggled, producing the jar and
scooping some out. Then she passed it to Darlene.

"Woooa!" Clarice exclaimed. "You're not using that, are you?"

"Yes," Darlene answered.

"Where did you get it?" Clarice demanded sternly.

"I brought it back from, well, you know, from my massage," Laura replied. "It
says 'pussy cream' and it does feel good."

"But, it's.." Clarice smiled and sighed. "Darlene, don't use that stuff unless
you want to grow hair on your chest and face. Just use baby oil or K-Y to
practice your self-pleasuring. I'll be right back."

The older woman walked briskly from the room leaving everyone puzzled and
Kaitlyn afraid that she had committed some terrible sin. Clarice was back in a
minute with a clipboard, noting that Maria wasn't participating in the
self-pleasure exercise as instructed.

"OK, ladies. I guess I have to let you in on one of our secrets a lot earlier
than usual. We don't usually tell you about this until you're juniors but I'd
better clue you in now. Who can tell me what our sex hormones are?"

"Estrogen," Kim replied. "And proges.. progesterin?"

"Progesterone," Clarice replied. "Any others?" When no one else ventured a
guess, Clarice went on, "There are two other important ones; oxytocin and
testosterone."

"Testosterone is male hormone," Kim said firmly.

"Yes, but women need some, too. In fact, a shortage of testosterone in women is
one reason for a lack of sexual desire. So, who can guess what a normal lab'
reading for testosterone in a woman might be? Nobody? Well, I'm no expert on
medical things but I can read numbers and these lab slips tell me the normal
range is .30 to .50. That's the middle of the bell curve, so to speak. There's
no worry if you're between about .35 and .60. Does anybody want to know what
your reading were?"

Nobody spoke, so Clarice went on, "I said I was going to pick on you two first,
so I will. Jennifer, what do you suppose your reading was? High, low, or
middle?"

"I don't know," she shrugged.

"Guess."

"I really don't know. Middle, I guess."

"You're right, but it's the high side of middle at .49. Most women with that
level are considered highly sexed. All your other hormones are within the norms,
too. I'm a little surprised that it wasn't easy for you to have an orgasm."

"It was," she said shyly. "I just, well, nobody else was even doing it right and
I tried to not touch myself there so I wouldn't get, you know... I didn't want
to cum if nobody else was going to."

"Lecture time," Clarice laughed. "What I would have done is flaunt it. I'd have
spread myself, gone after my big O, and let everybody else suffer on their own.
Jennifer, you are you and nobody else is you. Their numbers are different on
these slips and their reactions, horniness index, desires, whatever, will always
be different. So, do what you want to do, and just have fun, OK?"

Jennifer just shrugged. And blushed.

"Did you cum?" Clarice whispered with a smile.

"Yeah," Jennifer whispered back, giggling and blushing even more deeply.

"Good," Clarice whispered. Then she turned to Darlene. "What do you suppose the
numbers told me about you?"

"That I'm a horn dog," Darlene laughed. "I've always been highly sexed and it
drove my poor husband nuts."

"Bingo!" Clarice chuckled. "So? What number?"

"High, like Jennifer."

"It's high, all right," Clarice told her. "But a lot higher than Jennifer. The
99th percentile for women, and almost to the low end of normal for a man. A
reading that high usually means that you have some problems with facial hair and
such too. True?"

"Yes, I have to pluck and bleach a lot."

"But all your hormone levels are high. Estrogen in the ninety-eighth percentile,
oxytocin in the 95th, and progesteronein the 88th percentile. That means many
things. Your strength will go up quickly when you exercise but you'll probably
never be able to lose the last layer of fat to give you a six-pack tummy. You'll
always have feminine curves and you'll probably always be highly sexed. We're
going to help you work out how to cope with that without driving your husband
nuts."

"And ending up with twelve kids," Darlene laughed. "So this stuff has
testosterone in it?" she asked, holding up the jar of cream.

"Two percent plus one percent estrogen and natural progesterone. It's a
prescription formula that's specially prepared for us. We also have a
one-percent and neutral formulations of testosterone plus special estrogen and
progesterone preparations. Now who do you suppose needed some of this stuff?"
Clarice then asked.

"Me?" Laura offered.

"Bingo again," Clarice laughed. "Your lack of desire and the difficulty you've
had getting aroused is largely due to hormonal imbalance. Your testosterone
level was only point one seven, which is severely deficient. Your estrogen level
is a little below the median but still normal, but your progesterone level is
very low. I can't tell you how long you've been that low, but I'd be willing to
bet that when it dropped, your desire dropped too."

"And that'd be about twenty years ago, the same time I started putting on
weight."

"So the two-percent cream is for you. We were going to use it for a couple of
weeks and then take another blood test to see if your blood levels were closer
to the normal range. If they weren't, we were going to send you to a doctor for
prescription pills or suppositories. I don't think you'll have any problem based
on Bern's report. You absorbed enough to orgasm. That's one advantage of putting
the stuff right on your genitals."

"So let's see where the rest of you ranked. Maria, a bit on the low side and
your progesterone and oxytocin are a little out of range, too. Kaitlyn, just a
bit higher than average but in the normal range. Debbie, a bit low so you're
getting one-percent cream with some estrogen, too. So here's the deal. The
yellow label is for Laura only unless you want to make yourself extra horny, in
which case I guess Maria or Debbie could try it too. We sometimes experiment a
bit but too much testosterone can cause male sexual attributes to become
prominent. There isn't enough in the cream to give you a beard unless your
testosterone is already overly high like Darlene's. Now, the light green is
labeled cream is..."

Clarice spent the next fifteen minutes explaining their program. Based on GWU's
experience, most women near the normal range got their hormones pretty much in
balance with good diet and exercise. In extreme cases like Laura, they started
medicating immediately and recommended a good doctor for follow-up care.

"So now we're way behind," Clarice sighed. "Let's take a potty break and get
together next door in, say, fifteen minutes?"

Once they were back together with their refreshments, Clarice got on with the
class that she had planned -- sexual aids, especially vibrators. "If you have
trouble getting off, these are great. The big problem is that the stimulation is
so powerful that you can get fixated on them and can't get off any other way. So
use them once in a while when you're in a hurry or just want to pop off quick to
relieve tension, OK?"

"And now we have to take care of a little discipline problem," Clarice grinned
wickedly. "Maria, did you diddle your clit last night in front of everybody?"

"Stay away from me!" Maria shrieked.

"No way. We're trying to teach you to be sensitive to your sexual needs. And my
part is your physical sexuality. Since you wouldn't.. Stop right there!"

Maria bolted for the door, only to be captured by Tina. The Latino girl fought
hard but was overcome when Tina, Clarice, and her roommates all ganged up on
her. She soon wore a wide leather belt locked around her waist with a Joni's
Butterfly vibrator held against her mound by a strap between her legs. Cuffs
secured her wrists to the side of the belt.

Everyone's mission was now keeping Maria horny but not letting her reach orgasm
until she begged to masturbate publicly. The rest of the freshmen delighted in
teasing her. They even snuck in a few swipes of the testosterone cream.
Actually, quite a few. Lots of the cream was massaged well into the poor girl's
genitals.

That night, they compared notes and examined each other closely, remembering
Clarice's description of the effects of a high testosterone level. Darlene was
the center of attention and everyone saw that her clitoris really was enlarged
compared to the other clit's in the room. It was the size of a fingertip rather
than a tiny pencil eraser.

Even keeping her horny all day didn't induce Maria to public masturbation.. but
tickle torture did. Debbie discovered that the Latino girl was terribly
ticklish. After dinner, the other seven freshmen surrounded Maria and gave her a
choice -- self-pleasure or tickle torture. Under that threat, Maria felt that
she had no choice.

All the freshmen had a good time before they went to bed, especially since they
had no written homework. Homework consisted of using dildos to increase the
flexibility of their vaginas and vibrators to increase the sensitivity of their
clitorises. Everyone completed their assignments... even Maria.

-=*=-

Thursday was fun for everyone. The dress code consisted of strap-on vibrators,
the kind that fit over the mons to provide constant stimulation -- Joni's
Butterfly, 'the button', and similar devices. The staff provided a constant
supply of fresh batteries.

Clarice delivered her lectures and led discussions on sex toys. She introduced
ben-wa balls and some exotic Japanese vibrators.

The freshmen spent their evening experimenting with self-pleasure and sex toys,
then, again, writing about their feelings. It was getting easier. Maria wrote a
long essay, admitting to herself that being forced to pleasure herself was, by
itself, a special 'kink' that added intensity to her orgasms.




Chapter Ten -- A Girl Toy, a Boy Toy, and a Three Day Pass

On Friday of the first week of course work, Clarice started the day by
explaining the weekend's activities. Darlene would get to visit her family from
Saturday afternoon through Sunday afternoon. Kim, Laura, and Kaitlyn would be
allowed overnight visits from their husbands. Dan was gone all summer for Air
Force Reserve training exercises, so Debbie was still stuck with the single
women.

"We sometimes get young men to volunteer to be, well, experimental subjects. I'm
afraid our students have dubbed them 'boy toys.' There's nothing quite like
experience with the real thing, but we have to be extremely careful about
diseases and such. These young men are supposed to be sexual virgins, but you
know how men lie," Clarice told them. "But it'll give you a chance to try the
real thing."

"Just remember safe sex and your morals," Clarice reminded them. "Maria and
Wendy, you're both virgins and I, for one, still like the idea of walking down
the aisle a virgin. I know it's old fashioned but I think the world was a better
place back then. But you can experience oral sex and lots of touching, kissing,
and such without sacrificing your virginity. So, would any of you like for me to
try to get some young men?"

"I would," Wendy chimed in. Jennifer, Debbie, and Maria declined.

"So how did your homework go?" Clarice asked as she began the day's lessons.

"It was fun once I got into it," Maria laughed.

"Yeah, she's into kinky sex is what she's into," Jennifer kidded.

"Tickling turns her on."

"And that vibrator, the round one that plugs in the wall."

"I'm glad you had fun. Anybody still afraid of becoming lesbian?"

"I am," Kaitlyn chuckled. "Unless Ben's learned an awful lot."

"Later on we'll talk about teaching men to please you even if you decide you are
a lesbian. Lesbians can be excellent wives and, for centuries, they were. It
was..."

...a long discussion of the days before gay liberation when both male and female
homosexuals remained 'in the closet', trying to fit into homophobic, religious
society. At the end of the discussion, everyone agreed that neither the old way
nor the current state of affairs was ideal.

The physical workouts were tough on Friday since they had the weekend off with
no forced exercise. They also spent extra time working on PC muscle development
in preparation for the weekend. It was too early for any noticeable improvement.
The exercises just exhausted their muscles.

As dinnertime approached, husbands and boy friends arrived to pick up the
seniors and a few privileged juniors who had earned a weekend pass. But lots
more was happening. The sophomore class worked on preparations for a 'prom' for
the juniors and seniors the following weekend, while the freshmen got extra
cleaning chores.

-=*=-

"Want to escape early?" Tina asked Darlene in a whisper.

"What do you mean?"

"Guess what the penalty is for running off early? I've seen how much you miss
your kids and husband. If you take off tonight, you'll get some extra time with
them."

"And earn punishment for the rest of my time here."

"Being shackled in high heels might be worth it. My husband's coming up here for
a mini-vacation so I won't need my car. If you took it after lights out, you
could be home by midnight."

"You're suggesting that I bug out?"

"But you've got to be back by midnight on Sunday or the car will turn into a
pumpkin and you'll lose your glass slipper. Think about it. My keys are hanging
on hook two in the office. It's the little red Festiva."

"I couldn't," Darlene gasped out.

"OK," Tina shrugged.

-=*=-

Wendy, Maria, Kaitlyn, Jennifer, and Debbie were surprised to be called back to
their rooms at suppertime. They were even more surprised to find a man there
with Clarice, Lucy, and Chris.

"Ladies," Clarice began when they were seated, "This is Jerome, Jerry for short,
Tina's husband. He has a proposition for you."

"And I don't know where to start," he sighed, wearing a worried smile. "Couldn't
you guys put on something?"

"Freshmen stay nude for their first week," Clarice told him matter of factly.

"I know, but it's distracting. Very."

"Thanks," Jennifer giggled, pleased by the compliment.

"You're definitely welcome," he acknowledged, trying not to stare at all the
naked flesh. The girls, especially Jennifer and Wendy, enjoyed embarrassing him
since it seemed to lessen their own embarrassment. "Anyway, well. I don't know
any other way to say this than to just come out and say it so, well, ah, Tina
and I are kind of kinky."

"I'll say," Maria snapped out. "She's sadistic, dominant, you name it."

"Yes, usually. How do I put this? She gets turned on dominating women... and
men, for that matter. It gets her turned on up to a certain point where she
levels off. But she can't really get off being dominant. When she comes home,
she's my sex slave. She likes it like that. She's more submissive than you'd
believe. Actually, she's masochistic and likes for me to spank her and even whip
her. She usually wants me to whip her more than I'm willing to, but that's part
of our whole scene because I call the shots."

"So, anyway, here's the deal. She's had this fantasy of being a slave to you
guys, to women who are younger and weaker than she is. We've talked about it.
You know, some fantasies are better left just fantasies, but some you'd like to
act out. Well, I think that this one's one she'd like to act out, especially
since she won't be here for a few weeks while she does her Army reserve duty so,
well, would you, you know, dominate her?"

"Why not some of the seniors? Some of them are still younger than Tina and
they've already been through their BDSM classes."

"No, her fantasy's freshmen. Being their slave. By the time they've been here a
month, Tina's, you know, chummy with them. You wouldn't believe the amount of
pain she can take and then beg for more when she's in the mood and, well, geez.
There's more to this. She doesn't want to be able to cum or pee or do anything
without, well.. Geez."

"Lucy can probably help them out," somebody suggested.

"Tina doesn't like Lucy very much."

"All the better," Clarice snickered. "If what she wants is to be knocked down a
few notches. Are you guys willing to take part in this?"

"I guess," they agreed. Wendy asked, "So how do we start?"

"At dinner. Right now," Jerry said. "I'm going to order her to submit. If she
doesn't, it's off and that's that. But once we start, if she goes along at the
start, she's slave for the weekend. To you, me, and everybody, but the big
turn-on that she's talked about is being humiliated and dominated by naked
freshmen."

"Well let's get some dinner before it gets cold," Clarice suggested. "And Lucy,
can you stay the weekend?"

"I've got a show to do Saturday night, but I'm here the rest of the time. It
sounds like fun."

"Here goes," Jerry sighed, walking out ahead of the rest. Tina wasn't in the
dining room when they arrived. He sat at one of the empty tables in the far
corner of the dining room. The freshmen women paired off and took seats near the
kitchen door. Clarice and Lucy sat with Kaitlyn. The sophomore women served them
with the usual efficiency. Chef's salad with grilled chicken was the entrï¿½e,
served with broth and the ever-present fresh baked yeast rolls.

They were almost done with their light supper when they heard Tina's booming
voice ask, "Has anyone seen my husband?"

"I am here, slave," Jerry boomed back, now sounding very formal and in charge
even though the freshmen knew that he was nervous.

Tina's face showed surprise, then shock, then a realization that something was
up. As the freshmen watched, she changed totally. She bowed her head and looked
at the floor. In seconds, she seemed a foot shorter than when they met her on
Monday.

"Strip, slave. Since when does a slave appear in the presence of her master
wearing clothing without his permission?" Jerry asked firmly.

Without hesitation, Tina unbuttoned her khaki blouse, pulled the tails from her
waistband, and let it fall to the floor. She peeled off her exercise bra to show
nicely shaped but rather small breasts with small dark brown nipples, which
stood at rigid attention to display the gold rings that pierced them. Before the
bra hit the ground, she was unbuckling her belt. Her khaki shorts were unzipped
and on the floor around her ankles a second later. Finally she stuck her thumbs
under the elastic of her white thong panties and pushed down. When she stood
back up and stepped out of the puddle of clothes, everyone saw that her pubis
was shaved clean.

"Are those proper shoes for a slave?" Jerry asked.

"No, master. I'm sorry, Master."

"You knew I was coming to spend the weekend. Why aren't you properly prepared to
please your master?"

"Please forgive your slave, master. It was her pride."

"Pride goeth before a fall," Jerry intoned. "And before suitable punishment.
Where is this punishment rack that I've heard about?"

"Behind the curtain, master," Tina whimpered, knowing now what was happening and
dreading it at the same time that it aroused her beyond belief. Being humiliated
by Jerry in front of all of the students, even the freshmen, had her body
vibrating with intensity.

"Bring it out. I want to see if it's suitable for your punishment."

"Yes, master," Tina replied. She looked only at the ground as she made her way
to the curtains and pulled the rope that drew them back. She rolled the rack out
to the middle of the floor in front of her husband and master, then stood still
with her feet sixteen inches apart and her hands at the small of her back in the
'parade rest' position.

"But that shaft is much too small. You'd enjoy it too much. One at least half
again larger would be more suitable for punishment, don't you think?"

"Yes, if it pleases my master," Tina replied.

"I'm sure there's a vaginal insert big enough to be suitable for a slave's
punishment somewhere. Fetch it."

"Yes, master."

"And wear suitable shoes for a slave when you return."

"Yes, master."

She remained motionless for a moment to see if Jerry had any more orders, then
she quickly ran out of the room in her riding boots with the two-inch heels.

"I don't think I've ever seen her this turned on," Jerry gasped when she was out
of sight. "Did you see her nipples?"

"OK, so it's on," Lucy said in a stage whisper. "Don't let her off easy. Don't
let her off at all. When she comes back, stand in her way, and make her go back
and get a butt plug, a big one. Oh, and some Ben-Gay."

"Ben-Gay? For what?" Jennifer asked.

"Pussy torture," Lucy snickered. "Give her hell. And make her get a penis gag,
too. Get ready. She'll be in a hurry."

The buzz of conversation in the dining room was gone as everyone waited for
Tina's return. They only had to wait a minute before the clicking heels of her
red, five-inch, spike-heeled, 'fuck-me' pumps announced her arrival. One of the
larger dildos in the GWU collection was held in her hand.

Jennifer and Wendy jumped into her path. Because of her downcast eyes, she
almost ran into them. "Please," she begged. "Let me pass."

"You're just a slave," Jennifer told her. "Why should we let you pass by us?"

"I think she needs to be taught a lesson. Since you've been a total asshole all
week, you ought to be reminded of what we think of you. So why don't you go get
a big, fat butt plug and put it in your asshole to remind yourself of what a big
asshole you are?" Wendy snarled.

"Please let me pass," Tina begged. "My master is waiting for me."

"Master," Wendy called out. "Your slave doesn't seem to want to obey us."

"Then I guess you will have to punish her as well," Jerry called back, never
moving from his seat.

"You'd better hurry, slave," Wendy snarled. "Or your punishment will be that
much worse."

"You're pretty good at this," Lucy chuckled to Jennifer when Tina was once again
out of earshot.

"I'm getting off on it," Wendy snickered. "What can we make her do? Anything?"

"And everything," Jerry told them. "Just no injury. Safe, sane, and consensual."
Lucy reminded Jerry that the freshmen hadn't been through any of the classes on
BDSM, and that he or a staff member would have to monitor the activity closely.
He nodded his agreement. "I'd kind of like to watch, anyway. I really love it
when Tina gets really into a scene."

When Tina returned, Maria and Debbie blocked her path again and told her she
would have to go back for a penis gag. Jennifer and Wendy berated her for
carrying the butt plug rather than returning with it in place. "I think you
ought to put it in now," Wendy told her sweetly. "Lubricated with whatever
you're carrying."

And that was a tube of Ben-Gay ointment. Tears formed in Tina's eyes. "Please,
Mistress Wendy, no. Please?" Tina begged.

Wendy caught a glimpse of Lucy mouthing 'yes' from the side of the room. "Are
you questioning me? Surely that won't please your master."

Tears flowed down Tina's cheeks as she stood there, completely humiliated and
dominated, unscrewing the top from the tube of mentholated ointment, knowing
what it would feel like in a few moments. She squeezed a generous amount out
onto the rubber cone and spread it around. She glanced around the room and
blushed. Having dominated every student in the room, now she was their slave.
Even though it was her fantasy and she was immensely aroused, she still burned
with shame. Especially when she had to squat and try to force the big plug up
her bottom. "It's too big," she whimpered, the ointment already inflaming her
puckered little hole.

"You selected it, asshole bitch," Wendy snarled. "Sit on it if you have to, but
get it in that asshole _NOW_!"

Even Tina wasn't sure how she got the thing past her anal sphincter, but once
the wide part passed the muscular ring, the base slapped into her butt crack and
she let out a loud cry of pain mixed with... well, not pleasure but definite
arousal.

"Now go get a cock gag, and make sure it's in place when you comeback," Maria
told Tina sweetly. "We don't want to make this any worse, now do we? Oh, and I
think you should have cuffs locked in place, too, so you're ready for your
punishment. Don't you agree?"

"Yes, Mistress Maria, if it pleases you," Tina croaked out, her whole body
tensed to cope with the burning sensation in her bottom. She had difficulty even
walking with the big plug up her butt, but she dutifully waddled out, grimacing
with each step, tears flowing freely now.

"Perfect!" Lucy sang out. "It'll take her forever! That'll give me time to show
you how to adjust this thing." Lucy gave them a quick class in operating the
rack.

Then Jerry gave a lesson on the cane. "It's the most painful thing you can
imagine. Actually, they can be dangerous. Remember the kid who was caned in
Singapore? No, I guess you're too young. Anyway, I don't want her bottom
scarred, OK? So, don't follow through. Stop your swing before the cane hits her
butt cheeks and let the whippiness get her. Show her the big one and then use
the small one. Even if you mess up, it shouldn't do any real damage."

"You're scaring me," Jennifer said nervously.

"Me, too," Jerry told them. "She's really into it tonight. And I've got to get
off soon. My nuts are aching like crazy. But don't worry. She can take it. She
wants it. She'll probably want more than any of us will be willing to give."

"Shhh, here she comes," Lucy whispered, taking her seat. They all heard the
clicking heels moving carefully down the long hallway toward the dining room.




Chapter Eleven -- Friday Night Frights

"How can you possibly satisfy your master's sexual needs dressed like that?"
Jerry demanded when Tina submissively knelt before him with her butt plugged, a
full head harness locking a short rubber penis in her mouth, and her hands
cuffed behind her back.

"Mmmff," she said around the gag, nuzzling Wendy's leg with her head. When Wendy
looked down at her, their eyes met. Tina shifted her eyes from Wendy toward her
husband and she made another sound around the gag.

"Are your sure?" Wendy asked Tina, having received the message that she was to
be the surrogate to service Master Jerry. To emphasize the point, Tina put her
head behind Wendy and nudged the young woman toward her husband.

"You're sure?" Jerry now asked, standing up from his chair to receive an
affirmative nod from his submissive wife.

"It seems I'm to be your gift," Wendy said softly, nervously. "I'm a virgin.
Really. And I've never in my life gotten a man off like this," she added. Just a
few days ago, she had taken a man's cock into her mouth for the first time. That
was just a test, to see if she would obey and to let an experienced man evaluate
her lack of technique. Now she was faced with the real thing... in public... in
front of the other women. She was excited as she knelt, unzipped Jerry's pants,
and engulfed the throbbing cock that jumped out at her face.

Wendy didn't know many tricks, but she used her tongue to swish the bottom of
the cock in her mouth and pressed firmly with her lips as she started bobbing
her head. Jerry's arousal helped. So did his hands on the back of her head,
setting the rhythm that brought him off quickly. Wendy desperately gobbled,
wanting to please Jerry and to show herself that she could satisfy a man. Jerry
groaned loudly, closed his eyes, and shot more spunk for Wendy to swish around
her mouth, savoring the pungent taste.

"Thank you," she smiled down at Tina. "But you'll have to be punished even more
since I had to do your work."

Tina's eyes smiled at Wendy as she rose, wiping a remnant of come from the
corner of her mouth with the back of her hand and then licking it off. With
Jennifer's help, they moved Tina to the rack and secured her in an
uncomfortable, bent-over posture. One by one, the young freshmen striped Tina's
bottom with the cane, wincing more themselves than Tina did.

Maria devilishly remembered the Ben-Gay and massaged it into the wickedly cut
buttocks. Even though there was no blood, most of the strokes had raised weals.
They heard Tina's deep-throated whine even around the gag before Maria finished.
It was Debbie who stepped in front of Tina and said, "If we release you, do you
agree to be our slave for the rest of the weekend?"

Tina, tears streaking down her face, nodded affirmatively and was released from
the rack. She could barely walk, and the freshmen had difficulty staying in
character. "Thank you for correcting my behavior for my master, mistresses,"
Tina sobbed when the gag was removed, reassuring them.

"You're welcome, slave. Now present yourself to your master," Wendy ordered.

"Yes, mistress."

"Please, master," Tina begged. "Use my well prepared asshole for your pleasure.
It's only warm now. The cream is no longer uncomfortably hot."

Jerry was hard again. He forcefully removed the plug with an audible 'pop' and
slammed into his wife's abused hole, burying himself completely in one violent
thrust.

"Yes!" Tina screamed as his lower abdomen met her still flaming bottom. "Yes,
master!"

It took longer to finish this time. And everyone watched in awe, even Clarice
and Lucy.

"This is getting a little heavy for me," Jennifer whispered to Debbie.

"Me, too, but she's sure getting off on it."

"Yeah. But now what?"

"Let's ask Lucy."

Lucy provided lots of ideas. "I'm pretty sure her safe word at home is 'Beetle
Juice.' Our standard safe word is 'red'. If she says either one, whatever you're
doing stops immediately. She won't say it unless it's really too much. She's
much too proud. Have fun."

-=*=-

Adrenaline was pumping, keeping Darlene alert. It was only eleven but she hadn't
heard a sound for half an hour, so she slid out of bed and crept down the
hallway to the gym, looking for some sort of clothing. It was locked.

Tiptoeing back to the office, she found it unlocked and got Tina's keys,
gripping them tightly so they wouldn't jingle and alert someone. Then, still
nude and barefoot, she crept out to Tina's car, praying that Tina had left
something for her to wear in the little Ford.

The dome light nearly blinded her, but she instantly saw a gym bag in the back
seat. It contained only pair of exercise shorts and a thin tank top. Short
shorts, Darlene realized when she pulled them on, and in Tina's size, not hers.
The shorts were so tight that Darlene feared that they would tear, but the
Spandex finally stretched around her big butt. And on Tina, the top would have
been short, thin, and sexy. On Darlene, it was obscene. Her breasts nearly burst
it, her nipples poking out the front in the chilly air.

Frightened by her actions, Darlene started the car. She winced as she ground the
gears, not used to a standard transmission. She was sure someone had heard the
sound and that she would be carried back inside to suffer terrible punishments.
Even with some moonlight, she had to turn on the headlights to see the driveway.
She expected staff to show up and carry her off in chains at any moment. She
breathed a sigh of relief when the old buildings were out of sight.

She was surprised at the length of the gravel driveway. It took fifteen minutes
for her to reach the gate -- which was closed. She slowed as she approached it,
wondering how she was going to get it open, when it began to open by itself. As
soon as she drove through, the gate switched directions and began to roll
closed.

Darlene shivered even with the heater blasting hot air on her body. She felt cut
off from civilization as the gate latched behind her, and felt new fears that
she would get lost with no money, no identification, no defenses, no watch, no
shoes, almost no clothing, and no idea where she was.

Tina told her it was easy to find her way back. "Just take the first paved left,
go six miles, and then turn right. In about ten minutes, you'll start to
recognize things," Tina had told her. But it seemed like she had driven for
hours before she saw a road going left. It turned out to be a gravel driveway.
And the next road, which even had a street sign and highway number, was also
gravel, just a farm road. She was crying in fear, sure that she had missed the
turn-off, when a paved crossroads came into view. She prayed that it was 'left,
then right' and not the other way around as she turned.

It was some minutes later when Darlene realized that she hadn't checked the
odometer. "Go six miles," Tina had said. She considered going back to the
crossroads but decided against it. She didn't check the route number that she
came off of and intersections came up fairly often now. It was in the middle of
nowhere when she came on a stop sign. Scared to death that she was going to get
lost out here, she decided to turn right.

After driving for what she guessed was ten minutes, she didn't see anything that
she recognized. Tears made driving difficult as she continued, not knowing where
she was or where she was going. She wondered again about turning back, but she
knew she could never find the way. And then she noticed that the gas gauge was
sitting below the E.

'At least it's June and not freezing,' she thought, wondering when she was going
to be stranded in the middle of nowhere. It was then that she saw a sign for the
state park, a park where her family occasionally came to fish for perch and
bass, a place that she recognized. But Dwayne always drove. Could she find her
wayback?

She sighed in relief when a sign came into view saying "I-81 -- 4.8miles." Other
red, white, and blue signs led her to the interstate highway that she knew would
lead her home. Once on the four lane, she discovered that the Festiva had a
fifth gear, not like the Beetle that she drove as a teenager.

A chill ran down her spine when she saw flashing blue lights beside the road.
She glanced at the speedometer to see the needle pointing to 75 and immediately
let up on the accelerator pedal. She gripped the wheel in a death grip, sure
that the state trooper had clocked her speed, that she was going to be arrested,
taken to jail in the scanty outfit..

..but the trooper already had his quarry. She saw the trooper facing a man
trying to touch his nose with a fingertip as she coasted by the blue-gray car
with the flashing blue lights. For the rest of the trip, she maintained her
speed at exactly the posted limit and drove carefully so that she wouldn't
attract attention, praying that the gas would hold out.

New frights assailed her mind as she approached her family's simple wood framed
home on the poor side of town. She didn't have a key and Dwayne was a heavy
sleeper. Could she wake him without waking the kids? Would a neighbor see her
in..? How would she explain..?

She felt crazed when she pulled Tina's little car into the driveway behind
Dwayne's pickup and got out, her nipples hardening almost painfully from the
chill. Her bare feet were instantly cold from the damp ground as she looked
around, hoping none of the neighbors were up.

She tried the front door. Locked. And the back. Also locked. Then she crept
around the side of the house. Their bedroom window was open but the screen
covered the opening. "Dwayne," she called in a whisper. "Dwayne!" She knocked on
the outside edge of the wooden window frame and then through the screen against
a window pane. She whispered her husband's name louder, then softly called, and
finally yelled, "Dwayne, damn you, wake up!"

She spun around to lean against the clap boards with flaking paint and cursed
herself and her husband and her luck and then nearly died of fright when she
heard, "I thought that was you."

"Dwayne, thank God!" Darlene gasped. They hugged. In seconds, the hug had turned
into a lewd bump-and-grind. For their first thirteen years of marriage, Darlene
and Dwayne often found themselves in similar groping embraces. Darlene always
hoped and prayed that Dwayne would follow through rather than leaving her in
need. But that morning, standing outdoors beside the house, remembering
Clarice's mini-lecture about when 'dirty words' were appropriate, she told her
husband, "Fuck me. Please?"

With a growl, Dwayne pushed the thin tank top up and attacked her breasts,
squeezing one roughly and sucking the other, grazing his teeth over the nipple.
Interconnecting nerves in Darlene's body signaled her pussy to release a flood
of lubricant that quickly wet the crotch of the little white shorts. She
couldn't wait. "Here. Now. God, how I need you! Fuck me. Now!"

"Back yard," Dwayne managed to say around the nipple that throbbed in his mouth.
He pushed her backward, never breaking the embrace, guiding her toward the
hammock stretched between the maple trees that ruined what might otherwise be a
lawn.

She leaned back into the ropes, stretching them. Dwayne grabbed her butt and
lifted her onto the hammock, hooking under the waist band of the little shorts
while his hands were there to peel them down her legs. He stood back and looked
at his wife in the dim light of the moon and glow from streetlights. "You are
one sexy slut," he growled softly.

"Who needs to be fucked. Please don't make me wait."

He smiled at what he saw. His wife, always a bundle of sexual energy, who hadn't
used a cuss word in thirteen years, was stroking her pussy. He had only seen a
woman play with her pussy in the porno' movies he sometimes rented or in
magazines. Bu there was his wife, one hand holding herself open for him, and the
other swirling around her lower belly. "I like it when you tell me what you
want," he said softly.

"Well right now I want your _COCK_ in my _CUNT_," she told him, spitting out the
four letter words for emphasis and because it make her hotter and because he
liked it. "Do it hard! Fuck me!"

She was actually begging him. No chance of his being rejected, of her turning
her back on him at the last minute while his nuts ached for release. He smiled
as he moved against her and pushed, rocking the hammock up until her gaping sex
was level with his cock. He aimed it with one hand and let her slide onto his
shaft.

Darlene wrapped her legs around her skinny husband and used her heels to drive
him fully into her, sighing in satisfaction as she felt the wonderful sensation
of fullness that she so loved. But this was different. She suddenly realized
what she was doing, masturbating in front of her husband. Not just in front of,
but with... She blushed. More accurately, she flushed with excitement, aroused
by the naughtiness of what she was doing.

'And he likes it,' she realized. He said so. He liked it when she talked dirty.
He obviously liked... Oh, shit! The combination of his cock and her fingers. She
was there! And the most violent orgasm she had ever experienced exploded,
surprising her. "Oh, gawddd." she gasped, bucking up, using the hammock's
springy ropes to further increase the lovely friction as the first explosion
subsided.

"Ready to go to bed?" Dwayne asked softly.

"Are you?" Darlene asked uncertainly.

"Only if you are."

She was tired. And afraid that a neighbor would hear them. Or one of the kids.
But she was turned on. Dwayne's nice, average, but very satisfying cock was
still hard and still firmly sheathed in her pussy. "I kind of like it out here,"
she whispered.

"Yeah," he agreed. "We should do this more often."

"What?"

"Come outside."

"Or in the truck," Darlene giggled, remembering when she was younger... and
smaller, and they would grope nearly to orgasm and then she'd lift one leg over
the seat and he'd awkwardly push his pants down and...

"We haven't tried the kid's tree house or the lawn chairs."

"Or the wading pool," Darlene snickered, feeling giddy.

"Keep going," Dwayne said, confusing Darlene.

"Going where?"

"Doing that," he replied, looking down where they were still joined.

Darlene blushed, blood making every inch of her exposed skin feel hot as she
realized that she was still stroking her pussy, pulling up so her labia and
little clit hood provided a pleasant stimulation. 'He likes that? He likes it...
when I touch myself, when.. Oh, what I've missed.' She asked him, "Do you like
it when I play with myself like this?"

"Yeah." He put his hands on her hips and gently rocked the hammock, sliding his
hardon in and out. He watched and felt his wife open her outer pussy lips again
and begin to stroke herself for his viewing pleasure.

'Kegel exercises,' Darlene's dirty mind suggested. Busy hands and busy pussy
muscles and busy cock thrusting and... 'I'm going to come again,' she realized
with astonishment. 'And I'm not just playing with myself. Well, I am but not in
bed with Dwayne at work and me frustrated that... Oh, thank you Lord and
Clarice,' she silently prayed as a second explosion approached. She no longer
had to consciously clench her pelvic muscles as they spasmed on their own. Her
hand was strumming her clit and her muscles, all of them, tensed at once and...
POW!

Buck and bounce, the hammock providing the perfect amount of give to absorb her
contortions. "Gawd, yes! Fuck! Fuck, fuck fuckfuuaaauuuccck!"




Chapter Twelve -- Darlene's Weekend

It was daylight. And there was Dwayne, Darlene smiled. Naked. Cock. Limp cock.
'Blow job,' her mind said. She slid down in bed and took him in her mouth.

For thirteen years, it was only on special occasions when she did that, giving
head. And Dwayne was already hard. Every time she sucked him, he was already
stiff. But not this time. The feeling of his limp cock hardening in her mouth
was... wonderful. Nice. Exciting. Erotic. Sexy. Naughty.

"Damn, woman," he groaned a few moments later. She didn't stop. She wanted to
experiment, to learn about the man she married so long ago. Now that he was
fully hard, she used her tongue, swirling it around the head of his cock, her
eyes open to see his reaction. She didn't see much but she felt it. He liked it.
And the ridge along the bottom. He's supposed to.. yeah, he does.

"I don't.. want to.. ah, spoil.. this but.. I gotta.. pee."

"Me, too," Darlene chuckled, realizing that it might take longer to get him off
than her sphincter could hold out.

"Let's shower together," Dwayne suggested.

"I'd like that."

They both liked it. Dwayne again asked her to "play with yourself" and she did,
even though she still felt some shame and inhibitions. It was wonderful to
stroke herself down there while Dwayne's soapy hands caressed her breasts and
his fingers pulled on her nipples. She got off again.

"You haven't come," she noted.

"I'm saving it for later," he grinned, helping rinse his wife and then roughly
toweling her down.

"I want to shave you," she suddenly told him, inspired by a scene from the movie
'Phenomenon' that flashed into her mind. With both of them still nude, she did,
sensuously spreading shaving cream over his face and carefully drawing the razor
over his cheeks. She was almost done when Donald burst through the door. The
lock had been broken for a year.

"Sorry," her young son barked as he backed out.

"We won't be long," Darlene laughed, thankful that they weren't engaged in
something obviously sexual. She wiped off her husband's face and pulled on her
ratty old robe.

At breakfast, the kids questioned her about her week. She told them about
exercising and taking classes. It turned out to be easy to leave out the sexual
parts and still answer all of their questions honestly.

The family packed a picnic lunch and went to a nearby lake with a sandy beach
and playground equipment. Darlene was still ashamed of her body and refused to
put on a swimsuit and join the rest of her family, busying herself with the
picnic lunch and then the clean up. And she took a brisk walk for exercise,
sweating profusely in the steamy heat and humidity.

Dwayne and Jennifer, her oldest daughter, had done a commendable job keeping up
with the housework. Darlene had to search for a washer load of clothes, mostly
things they had worn to the lake. She was washing the picnic utensils when
Dwayne told her, "Leave that. Let's take a walk."

They were a block from the house when he finally said something. "Hon', I like
your body."

"I'm fat."

"OK, you might prefer to lose a few pounds but I still like your body. That
outfit, those sexy shorts you were wearing last night and that top like a bra;
that was _so_ sexy. I wish you'd wear things like that more often."

It's all about sex and communications and communicating about sex, she
remembered Clarice saying as she pondered her husband's statement. "You want me
to dress sexy?"

"And play with yourself," he whispered in her ear because there was a woman
raking grass as they passed.

Little did he know how often she 'played with herself', but always in the
bedroom when the kids were out, alone with her imagination, imagining things
like.. last night. "It is fun," she bashfully admitted.

"It sure turned me on," he told her, more loudly now that a mower was roaring
nearby to provide privacy.

"Me, too."

"Did they teach you that?"

"Yeah."

"Tell me about it." So she did, giving many details of not only the activities
but her feelings.

Dwayne let her talk. He had attended two classes, as well. Just evenings with
the guys talking about women in general and wives in particular. Real 'guy talk'
but about reality, loving their wives, not typical locker room macho' bragging.
He learned that 'listen' was the most important thing he could do.. so he did.

"Geez, I'm getting turned on just talking about this," Darlene said in the
middle of her monologue, feeling her pussy lips puff up with arousal.

"And you've turned me on."

"One of our instructors, an older woman named Clarice, you remember her. She's
the one who went wild at the Sunday night party. She told us on the first day
that sex, communications, and comm..."

And Darlene got even more turned on as she talked and Dwayne listened. He had to
adjust his hardon in his pants several times as he got turned on. They were
still talking when they made it back to the house. The boys were in front of the
TV as the window unit hummed and spewed cool air. Jennifer was in the back yard,
watching the little girls in the wading pool. "Do I get paid for watching the
twerps?" she wanted to know.

"Yes," Darlene answered quickly. Turning back to her husband, she told him,
"We'll have to do something special for her."

"Yeah," he agreed, worrying about how he would pay for it.

"So what do you like?"

"When you dress sexy," he grinned lecherously.

"Like how?"

"Short shorts, tight ones. Short skirts. You still have a pretty nice pair of
gams, there, lady," he grinned. "And your boobs and back and you. Just you."

Even though she felt bashful and ashamed, Darlene found a pair of old cut-off
jean shorts that were 'Daisy Duke' style on her body, and a knit halter top that
he bought for her years ago. She had never worn it because the sides of her
breasts weren't covered and she thought that it made her look like a cow, but..
He likes it, she realized as he scanned her from top to bottom and back up and
then up and down again. She could feel his eyes on her ass he turned her back on
him to prepare supper. And then she felt his hands, rough from manual labor but
oh, so nice.

And he really helped with dinner, peeling all the carrots and potatoes. They ate
in front of the TV. The sound of crickets was drowned out by the hum of the air
conditioner and the TV set. Jennifer looked at her mother's outfit with
disapproval but Dwayne obviously loved it. None of the other kids even noticed.

Just as it got dark, Dwayne got up and pulled out his billfold. "Here," he said,
handing Jennifer a five dollar bill. "Your mother and I are going outside to
have sex. If we don't get interrupted, you get double this tomorrow."

Lightning was flashing in the distance as they went outside to play in the
wading pool and the lawn chairs and then on a furniture pad in the bed of
Dwayne's pickup. "Play with yourself," Dwayne kept encouraging. Each time,
Darlene blushed but she did it. And she enjoyed it. And Dwayne enjoyed watching,
especially when she came. And he waited and listened and waited some more, then,
with perfect timing, joined his wife to get her off.

A cool, gusty wind that precedes a summer thunderstorm made them move the
furniture pad in the garage. Dwayne lifted Darlene onto his workbench where saw
dust ground into her bare bottom. He stuffed the pad behind her so she could
lean back. Then, sitting on a stool, he lifted her legs over his shoulders and
settled in for a feast.

The first class he had attended taught 'listen.' The second was eating pussy,
and the leader of the discussion group suggested that they all follow Dr. Grey's
advice to 'camp out down there for a while.' Dwayne was comfortable. He licked
up between Darlene's puffed up pussy lips. She twitched and groaned. It was fun
driving his wife nuts. And it turned him on, but he still felt no urgency to
blow his nuts. She was available. Darlene had made it clear that whenever he
wanted sex, she was ready.

A bolt of lightning hit a tree nearby just as Darlene reached another
spectacular orgasm, the tremendous boom of thunder somehow making the feelings
even more intense, especially when Dwayne wouldn't stop. He was having too much
fun and wasn't about to quit until she came again and again and again, losing
herself in multiple orgasms that came one after the other until she passed out.

The violent part of the thunderstorm was over by the time she woke up. They
ended their evening of liberated sex with Darlene giving a spectacular blow job
while Dwayne relaxed in the hammock and she knelt in the wet grass beside it.
She swallowed every drop.

They snuck back into the house. Darlene's top was in the bed of the pickup and
she thought her shorts might be in the garage. Dwayne's briefs were lost
somewhere in the back yard, but they found his soaked jeans on a lawn chair
along with socks and boots. They'd pick up later. For the moment, they cuddled
to sleep.

"Thank you," Dwayne told his daughter the next morning, handing her a ten dollar
bill. He had finished the dishes from last night while Darlene slept in. He also
took several phone calls.

They went to church as a family. Dwayne seldom went but it seemed right to thank
God for his good fortune. He hadn't even remembered that it was Father's Day.
Jennifer did. She organized all of her younger brothers and sisters to make
gifts and an early dinner and a cake with rich burnt sugar icing, her dad's
favorite.

The kids were all going to day camp the next day so they were put to bed early.
Jennifer was still up reading when she heard the unmistakable sounds coming from
her parents' room.

"Yes, fuck me," Darlene panted as the bedsprings creaked rhythmically. "Fuck me
hard."

"Play with yourself."

"Yes. Yeah. Oh, so good, ah."

When it was over, Darlene's orgasm followed quickly by Dwayne's, there was quiet
until Darlene whispered, "I don't want to go back."

"We agreed," he told her. "And if one week makes things this much better, think
about how it'll be in another eleven."

"I know," she sobbed, "But I miss you and the kids and I hardly got to spend any
time with them and I don't know how I'm going to be able to make it."

"They're coming to kidnap you, you know," Dwayne chuckled.

"Who? What? Oh."

"Yeah. They called a couple of times. Do you really mind?"

"Yes," she whimpered. "No. Oh, geez, I'm so screwed up I don't know what I
want."

"We haven't fought all weekend."

"We didn't have time," Darlene snickered, tears still rolling down her cheeks.

"That wasn't the only reason," Dwayne told her. "We talked a lot. I feel closer
to you than I ever have."

"Me, too. That's why I don't want to go back."

"Yes, you do," he grinned.

"NO!"

"Put these on," he told her, producing a pair of handcuffs.

"No!"

"I'll eat your pussy if you do," he teased.

"No."

"Be real quiet when they come to get you so you don't wake the kids."

"No, please," she begged. But there was little choice. She finally agreed to put
on the handcuffs. Behind her back. They were uncomfortable. And it was
uncomfortable kneeling on the bed with her shoulders resting on the sheet so
Dwayne could lay under her and lick her pussy, but it felt so good and...

Her next explosion was incredible. Fantastic. And over all too quickly. She
could barely walk out to the van, naked, led by her husband who threatened to
carry her with the help of two other men who ogled her body. Never in a million
years, would she admit how pleased she was when they didn't turn away in disgust
but openly admired her corpulence.




Chapter Thirteen -- Toyz

"The toys are here," Toni, one of the seniors, told Wendy as she was eating
breakfast. "Come on out and get yours."

Feeling a strange mixture of excitement and fear, Wendy jumped up to join the
other women headed for the driveway. Some of them had played with boy toys every
weekend for nearly a dozen weeks and knew what to expect. Wendy had only heard
some stories.

At the blue van, they found eight young men wearing hoods that covered their
eyes, bicycle shorts, and web belts to which their wrist cuffs were secured.
"Subs move right," Lucy told them. Five of the men sidestepped to the right to
be claimed by juniors and seniors armed with straps, switches, and riding crops.

One of the remaining guys was gorgeous, a body builder. He was quickly claimed
by the sophomore Cindi. The hairy gorilla was chosen by another sophomore. That
left the little skinny guy.

"I guess you're mine," Wendy said, smiling. She actually felt lucky. Even though
she knew he had to be at least 18, the man looked sixteen. He had a light
complexion and very little body hair, most of it light blond. He was about as
unthreatening as could be imagined. "I'm Gwendolyn but I hate that name so call
me Wendy and yes, that's my real name."

"I'm Michael," he answered, adding, "And that is my real name, too."

"Well, Michael, you belong to me for the weekend."

"You sound gorgeous," he grinned.

"I am," she laughed. "And I'm a virgin and I'm scared shitless."

"Me, too."

"So how'd you end up as a boy toy?" Wendy asked nervously, just to make
conversation.

"I just let it be known that I was available and showed up early this morning."

"Have you ever done this before?"

"No," he answered truthfully. "But I wanted to. I wasn't old enough. I just
turned eighteen on Tuesday."

"You're cute," Wendy giggled, still standing in the driveway even after everyone
else was gone.

"Thanks, I guess," he smiled. "Cute's better than ugly. Nobody's ever called me
handsome or a hunk. I guess I'm the class nerd," he sighed then. "I don't date
much. That's a lie. I don't date. I haven't had a date ever. And, well, I don't
know how to talk to girls."

"You're doing fine with me. Want me to take off your blindfold?"

"I won't be able to see anyway," he told Wendy. "I'm totally blind without my
glasses. I can't even make out the big E on the eye charts. But it'll probably
make it easier to keep my balance. It's really weird being blind like this."

"And bound."

"That's not too bad."

"Gawd, I'm nervous."

"You already said that," he chuckled. "Ah, I hate to, well.. I have to pee."

"OK," Wendy laughed, relieved to have some excuse to do something. She unbuckled
the blindfold from his eyes and he blinked, trying to get used to the hazy
light. "I'm pretty blind, too. I wonder if my glasses would help you."

"Who knows?" he shrugged, pulling up on the cuffs. She unfastened the snap links
that secured his wrists to his belt. "Thanks," he told her.

"Are you into submission?"

"I have no idea," he laughed. "Like I said, I have no experience with women."

"Why? You're cute."

"Yeah. They tried to say I needed to stay back in school for proper social
development but I preferred to move on. I.. Did you know we're not supposed to
talk about our personal lives?"

"Yeah, but, well, you know," Wendy stuttered. "I don't want to, you know, get
physical, sexual, you know, with, well, you know, somebody I don't know at all."

"I thought that's what this was all about, just physical, nothing else," Michael
said. "But I know what you mean." After an uncomfortable silence, he said, "And
I really have to pee bad."

"I'm sorry. Come on." She led him into the building to the bathroom and stood
back, looking away as he pulled down his shorts and released a stream of urine
into the toilet.

"So, now what?" he asked.

"Well, I have a whole sheet of assignments," she told him nervously. "And, well,
you know, I guess we ought to get started." She led him to her room and her bed.
"I take it you've never been naked with a woman."

"No," he grinned. "I'm kinda looking forward to it."

"You don't mind having the blindfold off? Some guys want to remain anonymous."

"I don't mind. At least not now. But I get terrible headaches without my
glasses."

"Here. Try mine." She slid them out of the case and handed them to him. The
frames fit pretty well, but the feminine design made him look even younger and
more vulnerable.

"Not bad," he said, looking around. "I have some double vision because of my
astigmatism. But don't you need them?"

"Contacts," she smiled, pointing to her eyes. "Oh. OK." He nervously tried
looking around again, unsettled by the bare breasts in front of him and his
growing erection.

"Do you like how I look?" she asked, noticing that he wasn't looking at her.

"You're beautiful."

"And you're bashful," she laughed. "Even more than me and that's saying a lot.
You know we have to do a lot of stuff, touching and kissing and, well, you
know."

"I know," he blushed. "I just hope I do all right."

"We were warned that once in a while a guy can't get it up because he's so
embarrassed," Wendy told him. "I'm glad to see you're not having that problem."
She laughed again. "And you are _SO_ cute when you blush. OK, now, well. Geez,
I'm blushing, too. Well, we need to get you naked and I'm supposed to strip you,
so." Before she lost her nerve, she grabbed his shorts and peeled them down with
Michael rolling back onto her bed to help her. "And now we have to kiss. Tongue
kiss."

Lots of laughing and licking and wiping later, they were finally getting it
right. Not too wet, not to dry, no slobbering. He admitted to her that she was
the first girl he had ever Frenched. That pleased her, being much more
experienced. Kissing was the one somewhat sexual activity that her strict
upbringing had allowed for a teenager or unmarried woman. They were sharing spit
again when Jennifer and Debbie walked in, calling, "Hi, Wendy. Hi, boy toy."

They jumped apart, embarrassed, and then Wendy burst out laughing. "Hi, guys.
I'd like to introduce Michael, my boy toy. This is Jennifer and that's Debbie."

"Hi," he smiled nervously, feeling a strange tingle all over his body that
concentrated in his groin, somehow pumping even more blood into his rigid
erection.

Jennifer froze, feeling an aura, an electric charge in the room that almost
sizzled. Whatever it was, it was unlike anything she had ever experienced
before. It was strange. Erotic. Her nipples hardened on their own but not from a
chill. Her body felt hot even in the air-conditioned room.

"There are more beds to be made over here," Maria snapped, swatting Tina's
exposed and reddened buttocks with a leather paddle to hurry her into the single
women's dorm' room. Tina shuffled in, perched on the incredibly high heels,
still in full bondage. "And when you're done, we're going to put your tongue to
work."

"I'm glad we have her for the weekend," Jennifer grinned. "Otherwise we'd have
to lick each other's pussy's for our cunnilingus homework."

"But I've got my boy toy," Wendy giggled with glee. "No queer sex for me."

"But you have to use a plastic barrier," Debbie reminded her.

"I'll survive," she grinned. "You knew you'd have to lick me, right?"

"I can't wait," Michael grinned.

"Oh, wait!" Wendy suddenly yelled. "He's a virgin. Do you want to stay that way?
I mean, well, you know."

"Not particularly," Michael shrugged. "But I was told that there would be no
intercourse."

"Not with us. With our girl toy slave. Go get Jerry and ask him if it's all
right." Maria ran out and was back less than a minute later.

"Anything we want," Maria announced. "Just make sure he's got a rubber on."

"Well, Michael, this is your lucky day. Come here, slave," Wendy yelled. "Kneel
before my toy. You are the lowest scum on the planet so I'm going to give you to
my toy."

Giggling, Jennifer and Maria made a production out of removing the plugs from
Tina's pussy and butt hole, and the gag from her mouth. They released the chain
that connected the shackles to her wrists to get it out of the way. Then they
ordered her onto the bed with her legs in the air and spread wide.

"Here," Wendy giggled, tearing open a Trojan and rolling it onto Michael's cock,
realizing suddenly that it was the first time that she had actually touched him
or any adult male's member on her own. But it just seemed natural, right, and
exciting. "Fuck her."

"You're serious?"

"It's a long story," Jennifer said, still feeling a crackling in the air. "But
yes, we're serious."

It took some more urging but Michael allowed Debbie to help insert his cock into
Tina's sopping love tunnel. They playfully slapped his bare butt to encourage
him to slam into Tina as hard as he could. Before he popped, Maria demanded that
they stop so he could do Tina 'doggie style'. Tina obediently turned over to
present her backside.

Jennifer stood behind him as he slammed against Tina's butt cheeks with every
thrust, still feeling weird. As she reached toward him, the feeling got
stronger, and when her hands finally reached around him, it was almost as if
sparks flew between her hands and his chest. Even more intense was the feeling
of her nipples touching his back, sending signals to her pussy.

Michael was trying to hold off, trying to make his first and only fuck last, to
make it as exciting and memorable as possible. He was doing well until he felt
an energy field encompass his body that forced blood to gush into his cock. A
second later, hands touched his body and then a glorious feeling of being
enfolded in heaven and...

Boom! A gusher exploded from his cock, filling the reservoir in the tip of the
condom buried deep inside Tina's sopping cunt. He kept slamming into her,
wanting it to never end, the heavenly feeling of...

But it wasn't the cunt. It was the hands. And boobs. He knew it was breasts
pressed against his back even though he had never before felt... What? He closed
his eyes and sighed, the feeling of long gentle fingers brushing over his small
but sensitive nipples sending electric jolts to his cock even as it slid out of
Tina's puss'.

"Wow!" he and Jennifer said together as he turned in her arms to look up into
her eyes. She was gorgeous, he decided. He's cute, she noted again. Energy
poured back and fourth between them.

"Can I... taste you?" Jennifer panted, realizing with a start that she was out
of breath. Without waiting for an answer, she slid the condom off his cock and
dropped it on the floor.

"Hey, you have to use a rubber," Wendy told her. "And he's my toy," she added
weakly, realizing that something out of the ordinary was happening at the foot
of the bed. "He's a virgin. It's probably OK," she said softly as she watched
Jennifer pump his cock in and out of her mouth. Jennifer's eyes were open,
looking up at Wendy's boy toy with lust and hunger.

Suddenly, Jennifer's expression changed. She jumped up and ran, calling, "I'm
sorry" in her wake.

"Wow," the other women gasped.

"Did you see? Feel that?" Wendy asked.

"Yeah, like they were a furnace or something," Maria whispered.

"Incredible," Debbie added, still looking at the door where Jennifer had gone.

They all stood there for several minutes. Then Wendy noticed that Michael, too,
was staring at the doorway, his cock looking red and ready, throbbing and
bouncing up and down.

"Fuck the bitch's ass," she told him. "Tina's. Fuck her butt. Hard. Make it
hurt. She likes to be hurt." Lucy had recommended that they use dildos to
humiliate Tina but Michael was convenient and they devilishly wanted to watch.

Seeming to still be in a trance, Michael let himself be sheathed in a fresh
condom and guided into Tina' rectum. In a minute, he was in a pounding cadence
that had Tina gasping and grunting. Ten minutes later, he was still at it and
Wendy ordered him to stop and Debbie ordered Tina to clean his cock with her
tongue right after it popped from her asshole.

It was lunchtime so they went to eat. Most of the other boy toys were in
bondage, being ordered around by their mistresses for the weekend. Two young
men, wearing frilly aprons and high heels along with cuffs, gags, and butt
plugs, served the freshmen women and their toys. Debbie put Tina's plate on the
floor and made her eat 'like a bitch dog', as she put it.

Something happened that first Saturday morning that destroyed all of the women's
inhibitions. After lunch, Wendy, Debbie, and Maria lounged on the leather sofas
and had Tina lick their assholes while Michael feasted on their pussies. They
had all decided that Michael was safe. At least they prayed that he was truthful
when he said he was a virgin.

They gagged Tina again and sent her out for refreshments, and made her change
their sheets and make beds and lick pussy juice off of the leather sofas and
generally humiliated her as much as possible, while treating Michael as a
treasure, kissing and cuddling and loving every minute of his attention. And he
enjoyed their caresses, the hand jobs and blow jobs that ended in his
frustration as he was passed to the next woman before he came. Wendy finally
stroked him off just before supper as all of them watched the white cream spurt
out of his pecker.

When suppertime came around, Tina was placed under a row of tables pushed
together. She had to service everyone with her mouth and beg for the scraps that
were placed between freshman labia, usually right on top of a clitoris. The
other students and the staff marveled that the young women who, just three days
before, couldn't touch themselves were now so uninhibited. All except for
Jennifer, who hadn't returned.

"I want my own toy next weekend," Maria told everyone as she again experienced
pussy licking from Michael.

"Too bad our girl toy has to leave," Debbie laughed as Tina tongued her anal
orifice. "This feels good. Now, bitch. Lick my clit."

"According to our schedule, we start anal eroticism classes this coming week,"
Wendy noted, having removed her contacts and reclaimed her glasses from Michael.
"I guess we're a little ahead in class. I wonder if this will get us promoted to
a more advanced class."

"Don't," Michael told them, coming up for air. "It'll retard your social
development."

"Like you should know," Maria laughed, putting her hand behind his head to pull
him back into her crotch. "Is his-ums tongue getting tired?"

"A little," he said, dragging a moist lip between Debbie's labia.

"Then you may take a break and massage my pussy with your hands," Maria told
him, smiling as he reached for baby oil. "But start with these," she grinned,
cupping her breasts.

"Yes, ma'am."

"Damn, you're wonderful," Maria sighed, melting back into the cushions. "I could
get to like this."

"It's just homework," Wendy told them, looking very studious with her glasses on
and a pen stuck behind her ear as she studied her homework handout. "We've done
everything on the list. Now we just have to write about it."

"I'd like this between my legs when I write," Debbie said, tapping their weekend
slave on the top of her head. "It might inspire me."

-=*=-

Debbie had become the leader of the room full of single women and Wendy became
the major dominatrix over Tina. She called a halt to the sex play and ordered
everyone to the shower. Still strapped in the nylon belt that held rubber
appliances in her cunt and butt, Tina was forced to wash all of them and tongue
their private parts.

After their shower, Wendy went to bed with Michael. Debbie and Maria chained
Tina to the foot of Maria's bed and enjoyed a massage and more cunnilingus to
help them sleep.

It was late when Jennifer crept back into the room. Michael felt her presence
and rolled over, waking Wendy. "Come on over here, Jenn," Wendy called softly.

"I can't," Jennifer said in a choked voice.

"Yes, you can. Michael wants you. I can tell."

"That's the problem," Jennifer whispered. "I want to fuck him and have him fuck
me and I can't because I promised myself and my mother and God and even Clarice
that I would be a virgin when I got married and I can't control myself with..."

She was still talking nervously when Wendy got up and took her hand to lead her
to her bed and push her down, ordering Michael to her pussy, to lick her to
orgasm. And again. And again, except that his tongue was no longer tired but
inspired.

-=*=-

Wendy saw that the only way to separate Jennifer from her boy toy was to plant
herself between them. That only blocked some of the energy waves that so
obviously passed between the pair, creating a heat that everyone in the vicinity
could feel.

When she awakened, Wendy was on her side sandwiched between them with her
breasts pressed into Michael's back and Jennifer snuggled against her back.
"Wake up, you guys," Wendy laughed, bouncing the bed under them.

Michael and Jennifer both seemed bashful and embarrassed as they woke up so
close to each other. Wendy grabbed Michael first, planting a kiss on his lips
and then deepening it with her tongue until he was panting and his cock was
hard. Then she rolled over and repeated the process with Jennifer, not
embarrassed at all to be French kissing another woman. "Now kiss each other,"
Wendy insisted, standing up on the bed to walk to the foot.

Jennifer lay paralyzed, but Michael smiled broadly and slid over to the much
taller woman. He hovered over her for a long time just looking into her eyes,
then slowly lowered his face to hers until their lips met.

At the first touch of their lips, they slammed into each other as if they were
drawn magnetically. He frantically humped against her belly as he drove his
tongue into Jennifer's mouth to explore and arouse. "You two are really
somethin'," Wendy commented from the foot of the bed. "Now get up and... Oh,
well. Eat each other again, just so long as I'm next."

Michael gleefully whirled around on the bed and planted his mouth on Jennifer's
pussy, pressing his hard cock against her chest between her small breasts. He
enthusiastically attacked her slit with his lips and tongue, making her
instantly start bucking her pelvis against his face.

"Come over here and watch this," Wendy called to the three women in the next bed
who were now stirring. Maria and Debbie drug Tina over by Wendy to watch.

"On your knees, bitch," Debbie snapped, forcing Tina down and pulling the
woman's face into her crotch. "I gotta pee something fierce."

It was Lucy who told them about that ultimate humiliation of Tina who both
loathed and craved the idea of being used as a toilet by freshmen. Debbie found
it hard to release her pee but figured she had all morning. When she was finally
able to relax her sphincter enough, Tina swallowed every drop except for a
couple that bubbled out through her nose.

"I bet Maria needs to piss, too," Debbie told Tina who dutifully walked on her
knees over to open her mouth against Maria's crotch. Maria barely managed to
wait until Tina was in place before releasing the contents of her bladder into
the slave's mouth, remembering to do it in short squirts. Tina didn't need to be
ordered to Debbie's crotch, crawling over on her own. Her own bladder was about
to burst but she couldn't pee until the big dildo that filled her pussy was
removed. It was so big that it pressed her urethra closed.

Debbie unlocked the crotch belt and allowed Tina to crawl across the hall with
orders to replace the rubber devices and lock the crotch belt tightly before
returning. When she got back, Michael was still going after Jennifer, who
complained, "I can't come. I've got to pee too bad."

"Tina will take care of that," Debbie told her. "Move over for a second,
Michael. Hey, do you have to pee, too?"

"Yes, ma'am," he answered.

"Ladies first, Tina," Debbie ordered. Tina swallowed two more full bladders and
then reported to Debbie for more forced pussy licking duty as they watched the
couple on the bed bring each other to violent orgasms.

They were all surprised to be ordered to a nondenominational church service
right after breakfast to hear a sermon based on Paul's epistles accompanied by
modern inspirational music. To a person, they were impressed.

They got to play for a few more hours before they had to kiss Michael good by,
buckling the blindfold back over his eyes as he climbed into the van for the
trip back to the campus. Then it was Tina's turn.

"I hope it wasn't too much," they told Tina as Debbie removed the crotch strap
and let the big dildo slide out of the poor woman's pussy.

"It was great," Tina smiled, grunting as she tried to expel the butt plug,
finally needing to pull it out after contorting her body into a fetal position
to reach it. "Now I just need for Jerry to whip me and fuck me to oblivion."

"I might be able to handle that," he said, appearing at the door with a
cat-o-nine-tails.

"Oh, gawd, I love you," she cried, bending to expose her bottom rather than
hugging her husband. He swung the cat hard, making her shriek for a second
before she regained control just before the next blow fell. "Harder!" she
demanded as the other women watched, wincing every time the leather thongs met
Tina's butt cheeks.

While Tina was still begging for more, Jerry snatched her up and literally threw
her onto Debbie's bed. She rolled to her back and spread her legs just in time
for Jerry to slam his cock intoh er sopping hole, sliding all the way to the
hilt instantly.

Debbie motioned to the others and they all walked out together.




Chapter Fourteen -- Geezers

Laura felt as nervous as a schoolgirl as she waited in the little room in the
old convent house. Her husband was coming. And she was going to make sure that
he came. Several times, if possible.

With advice from the staff, she chose a Merry Widow corset, stockings, and pumps
with three-inch heels for her costume. Thes taff had allowed her peeks at Bill's
answers on the questionnaires so she knew that he liked the idea of corsets.
'But will he like me in a corset?' she wondered. 'Is it too late for us? Has
there been no sex for too long?'

Still feeling bashful even though she was alone, Laura massaged some more of the
hormone cream into her pussy. It felt wonderful. So did the natural lubrication
she produced with the help of hormone replacement. So did the movements of her
fingers. So did...

"Gad, that looks erotic," Bill smiled from the doorway.

"I was just getting ready for you," she smiled, embarrassed by being caught in
the act but hoping and praying he liked what he saw. He calmly stepped up in
front of her and kissed her. Well. His tongue shot out immediately to stimulate
all the nerves inside her mouth. She remembered to kiss back, something she had
always been too shy to do. And then she didn't have to try to remember as
instinct and hormones took over.

They kissed, then kissed some more. After an eternity that surely lasted only a
few minutes, Bill folded the top of one of the corset's breast cups under her
breast so he could suck a nipple. As the dark flesh grew hard, the nubbin sent
signals to her pussy, stimulating nerves and glands that had been dormant for
lack of a simple hormone. "Don't stop," Laura begged her husband.

"Not for a long time," he grinned, exposing her other nipple for similar
attention.

"Oh, dear Lord, it's been so long," Laura cried softly, holding onto her
husband's nearly bald head.

"I feel like a kid again," he snickered.

"I'm no kid," she told him.

"No kid could look this good," he told her, pushing her backward onto the bed
and spreading her legs. He went to the same classes as the other men and was
careful to pad his knees as he settled in for the long term, licking between his
wife's thighs.

"I want to do you," Laura complained, anxious to show her husband that she still
wanted him, still loved him more than life itself.

"I'm in charge here," he told her.

"But..."

"No buts, old woman. One more sound out of you and I'll leave and come back when
you're in a more receptive mood."

Fearful that he might actually follow through with his threat, Laura lay there,
tense and worried and... Darn, that felt good. Just like before the babies were
born, when nobody talked about oral sex, and Laura considered it so dirty and
nasty and naughty that it sent her into convulsive, mind-blowing orgasms that
she had to stifle to prevent waking the neighbors when they lived in that little
apartment over the garage.

Laura wanted to tell Bill to take off his clothes. She wanted to tell him that
she still loved him. She wanted to tell him how much she wanted to suck his
cock. She wanted to tell him that it was _RIGHT THERE_! She made a strangled
sound in her throat.

After twenty-four years of marriage, Bill knew what that sound meant. She was
getting hot and he was hitting the button just the right way. Time to back off a
little and give his bride a bit more time to build up her excitement. It also
allowed him to cool off a bit himself.

Twenty minutes later, Laura was making strangled sounds almost continuously as
he licked and sucked, a finger probing her well-lubricated pussy and smearing
the lubricant around the puffy lips. It was driving her crazy. She wanted to beg
him to get her off but he said, "Not one more word." There was no way she was
going to spoil it.

She didn't. Bill realized that there was a perfect amount of stimulation. If he
waited too long, she'd get numb. And she certainly wasn't numb when he began to
concentrate the attention of his tongue more on her clitoris. He added a second
finger when he probed her insides again, gently stretching and filling her. More
pressure, faster flicking, and she started to quiver violently. Bill wrapped his
arms around her thighs and held on, faster, harder with the tongue, and she
bucked her hips up. Faster and harder and her pelvis stayed high in the air and
she exploded, shouting, "Ah, oh YES, gawd, oh."

He let her down easy, continuing to lick between her pussy lips but more gently
now. Once in a while he'd flick his tongue tip across her clit to make her jump
in surprise. Or draw a finger over her puckered butt hole to make her clench.
Or...

Damn, he was having fun. When he tried to remember the last time it was this
much fun, all he remembered was the frustration of licking her and getting
little or no reaction. He knew she faked arousal. That was at least ten years
ago. But now... He smiled and started licking again.

"No," Laura whimpered. "It's your turn."

"Shut up, woman," he snapped, pushing a third finger up her twat as he began
licking again, swiping firmly across the top of her clit until she moaned, then
backing off again to start over. If she was going to get numb, so be it. But she
didn't act as if she was getting numb. In fact, she hadn't quite come all the
way down from her first orgasm so the feeling of his tongue and lips and those
damned mustache hairs that tickled her clit when he licked the rim of her pussy
hole was so intense that...

It took a while, maybe thirty minutes that lasted forever, but she came for a
second time, more intensely than the first. And Bill hadn't even undressed yet!
"Please," Laura begged. "No more."

"What? You want me to leave?"

"_NO!_" she screamed, afraid he was serious. She tried to look up at him but the
stiffeners in the corset kept her back ramrod straight. She realized that she
would probably need help just to stand up. It was either that or roll onto her
belly and slide down until her feet met the floor and then push up with her
hands.

"So you want me to stay?"

"Yes, please," she giggled giddily, catching her breath.

"Let's get something to eat," he suggested, pulling her to a sitting position by
both hands.

"But don't you want to... to fuck me?"

"No," he smiled down on her. "I want tit for tat, oral sex for oral sex."

She reached out to unzip his pants and he pulled back. "After we get something
to eat," he snickered. "I've heard about this place and I want to eyeball all
the naked girls I was told about."

It was lunchtime. Laura introduced him to some of the women and pointed out
others, especially the single freshmen and the toys. She described the scene
Friday night when Tina was caned and how Tina had an orgasm during her
punishment.

They were the oldest couple there but not by much. Jessie, one of the seniors,
and her husband Ben joined the couple at a table and they were soon talking like
old friends. Jessica pointed out the various differences between the different
levels. Laura noticed for the first time that the pussy hair of all the
upperclassmen (upper classwomen?) was trimmed or gone. And juniors often sported
welts on their bottoms.

Although enjoying the 'eye candy' that was all around them, both men
continuously complimented their wives. Jessie bragged about the weight she had
lost and complained about having to buy an entirely new wardrobe when she
finished in two weeks. She assured Laura that she would be a different woman
when she left.

"I already am," she laughed.

"I know what you mean," Jessie grinned. "I felt a little let down after my first
week because hell week is so intense. It gets easier but, well, for me it was
more work and less fun. You'll see."

"But you have a definite kinky streak," Ben laughed aloud. "She was never
happier than when she was in chains."

"You liked it too," Jessie snickered.

"Definitely," he agreed. "I've made a couple of trips to the hardware store.
There will be some surprises when you get home."

"I can't wait," Jessie grinned. "So how are you two doing?"

"Improving," Bill answered vaguely.

"A lot," Laura told Jessie. "My body gave up producing some hormones and we just
about gave up sex for umpteen years. I was afraid it was all over until I got
here."

"So you're on prescription cream, huh?"

"Maximum dose. It's made a tremendous difference in the way I feel."

"You look pretty damned good, too," Bill reminded her.

"I love corsets and old fashioned lingerie, too," Ben agreed.

"Like stockings instead of panty hose."

"I hate panty hose," Bill told them all. "You might as well wear a chastity
belt."

"But they're so much more convenient," Laura started to argue.

"So pick panty hose that men like," Jessie told her. "You'll learn in the next
couple of weeks and get to model them for Bill."

"And everybody else," Ben laughed.

"You loved it!

"I sure did."

"So what did you order?"

"I'll never tell," he teased. "In two weeks you'll find out."

"I take it this is a regular thing," Bill commented.

"Every few weeks the freshman, sophomore, and junior students put on an erotic
fashion show during supper on Saturday," Jessie told the older couple. "It's a
lot of fun and there are always new ideas. You'd think that doing a show three
times would get boring and repetitive but you'll be surprised."

"Sounds interesting," Bill chuckled.

"Especially the private show after dinner," Ben teased Jessie.

"You can have a private show any time you want," she countered.

"I'll hold you to that."

"You can hold me any way you want to, lover."

They talked longer than they planned, sipping decaf' that was initially served
by boy toys in bondage. Long before they left, they had to serve themselves. The
ladies finally collected the mugs and, at Jessie's suggestion, carried them to
the kitchen "so they can appreciate some of our eye candy. Walk with me. Ben
loves looking at swiveling butts and long legs in high heels and hose."

"Not mine," Laura sighed, still feeling fat.

"Especially yours," Jessie chuckled. "Ben's what I call 'nuts about butts' and
he loves variety in bottoms. I kid him that his hobby is studying female
bottoms. And he has an anal fixation that I've finally learned to cope with and
even enjoy."

So the women walked ahead of the men, talking softly. They could barely hear
their husband's voices and couldn't make out what they were talking about, but
Jessie's suspicions turned out to be correct. After the couples split up, Bill
told Laura how much they had enjoyed the show. "Your corset and hose really
emphasize your sexy bottom," Bill chuckled, cupping his hand under her more than
ample left cheek to give it a gentle squeeze.

Back in their room, Bill began stripping off his clothes as soon as the door was
closed. Soon he was nude, exposing a limp penis. "I've been doing multiplication
tables in my head to maintain control. Can you make me lose it?" he challenged
softly.

"I'd like to try," Laura bashfully replied, waiting for him to get into bed. But
he just stood there, closed his eyes and waited. For a few moments, she wondered
what was going on and didn't move. Then she decided to take charge. She got the
kneeling pad, threw it in front of her husband, and knelt down to take his
noodle into her mouth.

"Ah, yes," Bill hissed through gritted teeth as her tongue raked the bottom of
his cock. Laura felt it begin to fill with blood, to rise and stiffen. It was a
powerful feeling, especially when she heard her husband mumbling "..and twelve
times five is sixty; twelve times six is seventy-two; aaah, twelve times, ah
twelve, oh, yes." Her first thought was to tell him to forget the damned
multiplication tables. But when her inexpert slurping caused him to mutter
expletives rather than coherent words, she knew she was doing well. It felt
wonderful to please her husband. But the feeling of power, making him lose his
concentration and making his cock hard and everything felt good until he grabbed
her hair and pushed her away.

"You've got to stop now or it'll be all over for the night," he panted. "I've
got to stop. I want to make it last."

"Well I want you to shoot your gism in my mouth and leave it up to me to get you
up again," she told him seriously. "Don't you think I can?"

"It's not you I'm worried about," he groaned as she tried to lean forward
against his hands that still clutched her hair.

"I want to suck your cock," she said, looking straight ahead at the engorged red
shaft just inches from her mouth. "I want you to fuck my mouth until you fill it
with your gism and then I want to feel it get hard in my mouth again even if it
takes all night. And if we have to sleep for a while to let you recharge, then
I'll wait but," she said, leaning forward until the pull on herhair was painful,
"I need to do this. Please?"

"Oh, geez," he grimaced, relaxing as she engulfed him again, practicing all of
the techniques they had talked about, the most important being to experiment and
observe. Bill loved being tongued around his cock head but didn't react much to
friction on the bottom of his cock until he started tensing in preparation for
his orgasm. But then he craved the friction, holding her head and pumping,
setting a rhythm that was just right to blast spurt after spurt against the back
of her mouth.

She couldn't help it. She gagged and then coughed. But Laura managed to recover
quickly, swallowing twice and then gently continuing to suck as her husband's
legs turned to mush.

"I'm sorry," he panted. "I've got..just got..to lay down.. or sit, ah, shoot."

Laura was pleased with herself as she took his hand, led him to the bed, and
pushed him onto it. Taking a position half way down the bed with her mouth even
with his little limp noodle, she began to nurse on him although his cock was
puckered into a little shriveled blob.

"That was great but I've had it," he managed to say, still out of breath. She
ignored him, enjoying her sucking, wondering if sucking wasn't some primeval
need in human beings. She felt compelled to continue sucking as if she were
nursing on a big teat. "Really. That's it," he told her a few minutes later. And
she still ignored him, feeling a slight swell. "I won't be able to come again
tonight," he informed her as his cock continued to swell. "I'm just too old."

"But maybe I can get off," Laura laughed softly as she climbed up to straddle
him and sink onto his resurrected erection in three firm pumps. There was still
a bit of soreness in her legs from the unaccustomed exercise earlier in the week
but it felt good to be using those muscles to fuck her husband. Besides, one of
her assignments was to masturbate while he was inside her. And another was to
exercise. "Can you feel that?"

"Oh, lawdy, yes," he groaned, gritting his teeth again.

"Did you know that they make me exercise my pussy muscles?"

"Really? How?"

"Lots of ways," she told him, looking down at him lovingly as his hands came up
to caress her breasts. "And I think that this is the most fun way of all," she
told him, squeezing as hard as she could. "We have meters and these metal
things. I'll show you later." She discovered that tensing as she rocked forward
pulled on her labia and provided some very pleasurable stimulation for her. And
it obviously worked for Bill, too. "They make us play with ourselves, too," she
told him shyly, tentatively sliding her index finger down between her labia.

"I'd love to see that," he grinned.

"Then watch," she smiled down at him before closing her eyes and blushing. But
determined to do it. She was going to make herself come while she fucked her
husband.

-=*=-

True to his prediction, Bill didn't come again but Laura got off. Twice. Bill
said it didn't matter to him, that he was getting sore. So they slept until two
a.m. when he obviously wasn't feeling too sore any more since he was sawing in
and out of her pussy as Laura woke up. Bill's arms started to give out so they
switched positions with her on her back and him on his side and she brought
herself off with her fingers again. Then they tried doggie style and she got off
again just as he filled her.

And after church on Sunday, as promised, she showed him the pussy exercises. And
since nobody else was there, she exercised her pussy on his cock again before he
had to leave. She cried when she had to kiss him good bye for another week. So
did he.




Chapter Fifteen -- Katy Falls in Love

"Your hubby'll be here at nine, Katy," Clarice said quietly. "Before he gets
here, I'd like to talk to you about this weekend. In case you can't tell, I'm in
mother mode."

"I'm scared," the pregnant teenager admitted with a sob.

"You spend a lot of time scared. I'll help with that because I'm going to tell
you what you're going to do and wear, at least to start. You don't have much
experience and neither does Bruce. So how do you suppose you get experience?"

"Doin' stuff."

"So do stuff," Clarice laughed. "I want you to do some things for me, OK?" When
Kaitlyn nodded, Clarice continued, "I want you to start out being a kid and then
become a woman to surprise Bruce. You'll be a kid when I give you two a lecture,
then a woman when you come back. It needs to be a quick change, OK?"

"OK."

"Let's get you some clothes and then we can talk a bit more while we wait, OK?"

"OK."

As they walked down the corridor, Clarice advised, "Once you go back to your
hubby, play it by ear. Just keep in mind what I tell you and what you've
learned. You have no idea what's going to happen so look at this as an
adventure, a road to somewhere but you don't know where yet. Isn't it exciting
to go to new places and do new things?"

"Yes."

"A little more enthusiasm here," Clarice laughed, accepting Kaitlyn's somber
mood. "Get sex out of the way pretty quick so you can talk. If I were you, I'd
give him a blow job just so you experience it. Go ahead and tell him he's your
first and tell him all the things you're afraid of, if you're scared, that you
might gag or throw up or do it wrong. You won't even know how he'll react. He
might be scared limp. But.. Here we are. How about something ordinary to start,
sneakers and shorts and a T-shirt, OK? And undies appropriate for a teenager.
Then..."

They collected more clothes. Then Clarice took Kaitlyn out to the tiny cottage
some distance down a cobbled path behind the old school. The little square
building was constructed of stone. The single room had a simple kitchen and
dining nook in one corner with a table for two with a sitting area next to it. A
king-size bed dominating the other side. The only private area was a walled off
corner for a bathroom with shower, toilet and sink.

"Now, when you come back out," Clarice said as final instruction, "Do the vamp
thing, OK? Shock your husband with the change. Now let's go get him before one
of the other girls jumps his bones."

"I'm still scared," Kaitlyn told the older woman.

"OK, stay scared if you want to. Are you aroused?"

"Not really. I'm too scared."

"You'll learn that taking charge helps the fear go away and that you can make
yourself hot if you want to. It's only been a week. Is that him?"

"Yeah."

The teenage boy looked as bashful as Kaitlyn felt. He didn't come running toward
them, just stood with his hands behind his back, waiting. He didn't quite know
for what he was waiting.

"Bruce, I'm Clarice." They shook hands. "Ready?"

"I guess."

"You don't sound too enthusiastic," she commented, motioning for the couple to
start down the path.

"I don't know what to say. I'm..."

"I might as well start my lecture now and get it over with," Clarice laughed,
trying to loosen some of the tension. "You two screwed up. You're supposed to
fall in love, get married, then have sex, and then have a baby. You got it
backwards. You had sex and now you're married. You both feel ashamed, you can't
yet support yourselves and the future's pretty scary."

"Well, I'm an old fashioned woman who believes in marriage and you two are
married. So what you need to do now is fall in love to complete things." She
paused for a minute, waiting for a reaction. "And that's a terrible expression,
'fall in love'. Love takes effort. You don't fall. You work at it. In the old
days, you'd court each other. Bruce, you'd have had to walk for miles to see
her, just to look in her eyes. So, get to work. Take her hand."

Reluctantly, he took Kaitlyn's hand. She let him take her hand, then gave his
hand a squeeze, and blushed.

"I want you guys to figure out the future and make some plans. You absolutely
have to get out of your parent's homes as quickly as possible and that's going
to take money. Do you have a job, Bruce?"

"I'm working on a roofing crew."

"That's hard work, especially now that it's getting hot. Are you going to
college this fall?"

"I hope so. If I can afford it. I got a five hundred dollar scholarship but,
well, that won't even pay for the first semester's tuition."

"Are you saving the money from your job?"

"Most of it."

"Save all of it," Clarice told him. "Young couples have to be patient. If you
pay the price now, you'll be rewarded in the future. Do without a car and ride a
bicycle to work. Borrow books from the library rather than buying magazines or
paperbacks. But be independent. Do whatever you need to do as long as it's
legal. Now, Katy, what can you do to help?"

"I don't know."

"True, but you'd better learn and learn quick. Good paying jobs are hard to come
by but we'll talk about that later. Did you go to the discussion group last
week, Bruce?" Clarice asked.

"Yes, ma'am."

"Learn anything?"

"Maybe. I think so, ma'am."

"Well, experience is the best teacher. You don't have that yet but you'll have
an opportunity later. Take it." They had arrived at the cottage and Bruce
politely opened the door and held it open for the women.

"Have a seat. I'll brew some tea," Clarice told them.

"And now more lecture. Guys, you two have some anger built up. Bruce, you're
probably mad at both yourself and at Katy because she's pregnant. It takes two.
Katy's mad, too. Right now, you both feel trapped. So go ahead and argue and
yell, but always be respectful of each other. Let out your anger first. Then
plan for the future. Plan to work at love. Plan to be lovers for the next fifty
or sixty years and you will be. But if you let your anger fester into hate, you
won't last a week after the baby's born. But you can deal with babies when the
time comes. Well, that's the end of my lecture. Have fun."

"I need to use the bathroom," Kaitlyn stammered out as she rushed through the
door in the corner at the same time that Clarice let the outside door swing
closed. She quickly stripped off her shoes, shorts, T-shirt, and underwear, then
pulled the stretchy dress over her head, and stepped into the pumps. She pulled
the scrunchy from her hair, ran a brush through it a few strokes, and looked at
herself in the mirror. A bit of glossy lipstick and a dab of perfume. 'I can't
do this,' her mind was saying. 'Yes, I can. I think I can, I think I can, I
think I..'

She had practiced the move a thousand times in her head. Open the door, lean
back against it, raise one leg, hands behind the back to emphasize the bust,
cock head jauntily, and smile. She managed it with her eyes closed and then
looked toward the table where Bruce had been sitting when she went into the
bathroom. Hewasn't there.

"You ruined my entrance," she snapped, stepping away from the door to find Bruce
exploring the empty dresser drawers.

"I'm sorry," he apologized quickly, looking down quickly, embarrassed by his
thoughts at seeing his wife looking so different. So sexy.

"Look at me, damn it!" she snapped, then whined. "I'm sorry, too. I wanted to
see your face. You were supposed to be happy to see me, the change, you know."

"We're really fucked up," Bruce said softly, still not looking at his wife.

"I will _NOT_ allow profanity in my house!"

"I'm sorry," Bruce whined again.

"Except during sex, or as a prelim... well, like during foreplay," Kaitlyn said,
trying to be a good wife and lover and to make some progress in their
relationship. "Clarice said I ought to get sex out of the way first thing so we
could really talk. And I... Geez, I'm embarrassed."

"I guess we should get undressed," Bruce said uncertainly.

"Let me undress you," she said, remembering what Clarice had said about taking
charge to build confidence. She pulled his T-shirt off over his head and pulled
at his belt, trying to imitate a seduction scene she had seen in an R-rated
movie. Then she knelt down to lower his zipper. "Look at me, Bruce. We're going
to get naked and have sex. You can look at my boobs. Please look at them and..
You're hard. Good. I want to give you a blow job."

"No, I want to eat you first," Bruce said, a bit too loud. "I'm supposed to,
well, they said that men cum too quick and I'm supposed to go slow and, well."

"Later," Kaitlyn said, engulfing his prick quickly before she lost her nerve.

"Oh, Kate!" was all Bruce managed to say. Katy wanted to stop long enough to ask
if she was doing it right. But Bruce seemed to be enjoying it based on his
groans and the throbbing. "Oh, geez, I'm not.. I'm gonna.. Oh, fuck!"

Kaitlyn prepared herself mentally. Don't gag. Just the head in so you don't
choke. Don't inhale. Swallow quickly if you feel queasy. She was surprised how
easy it was. Squirt, squirt, like shots from an athlete's squeeze bottle. No
problem rolling it around. Oooh, it's getting soft. A little salty. They said it
might be bitter but it's just salty. And a little slimy but not as bad as
grandma's okra.

"Now I want to eat you," Bruce panted, trying to lift his wife.

"Can we please wait?" Kaitlyn said, having difficulty getting up in the
unfamiliar pumps. "I want.. I have plans. See, I.. Well, let me show you." She
ran back to the bathroom and came back out holding up a tiny shorty nighty,
black, transparent, and totally sexy. "In my mind, I was going to dress up in
this and serve you dinner while you sit there naked. You know, candle light and
romance. That'll put me more in the mood."

"Oh," Bruce said, both disappointed and relieved. Then he pumped up his courage.
"Can I at least look and get a taste? I went to this, well, it's a class, I
guess, with some of the other husbands. Older guys aren't too smart sometimes
either. And they talked about this stuff and I'm supposed to get the topographic
anatomy down, like where your clit' is and stuff."

"Gad, this is embarrassing," Kaitlyn blushed.

"You're my wife," Bruce said with a smile.

Kaitlyn smiled back, still blushing. "That's the first time you've said that
like you mean it."

"Katy, I love you," Bruce told her.

"Well, not yet but we're making a good start, don't you think?"

"Yeah."

"Well, come have a look," Kaitlyn told him, blushing even more as she pulled up
the hem of the clinging dress to reveal that she wore no panties.

"Lay down on the bed?" Bruce suggested.

"OK." She tried to walk gracefully in the heels. She didn't but neither of them
cared because she kicked them off. Closing her eyes, she laid back and spread
her legs.

Hands, fingers opening her labia. Touching. Cold fingers! Oooh, that was nice,
finger sliding down. But it's dry and a little rough but.. Oooh, I'm wet. Juicy.
Finger's not dry anymore.. wet.. not cold any more. "AAAaaah."

"That's your clitoris, right?"

"Oh, yeah! That's it, all right."

"And labia." That feel all puffy, Kaitlyn thought as Bruce used a fingertip to
explore between her legs. She blushed with shame for a moment. Then other
emotions entered the mixture flowing through her mind: pride because of her
responsiveness, wonder from the heavenly feelings, gratitude that Bruce was
being so considerate and nice, communicative, pleasant. 'And other good stuff,'
she quickly added mentally as his tongue flicked out to take a first taste and
then, far from repulsed, slithered up and down, circling her clit' but never
actually making contact with the love button he had just discovered.

"Am I doing it right?" Bruce asked uncertainly.

"It sure feels right to me," Kaitlyn replied,enjoying the sensations without 
feeling particularly aroused. Bruce slowly speeded up his ministrations and 
became more forceful. He also concentrated more and more around her clitoris 
and then flicked his tongue right over it.

Kaitlyn decided that things just weren't right. She was starting to warm up but
she just knew that this particular session wasn't going to end in an orgasm for
her so her mind went to work on how to tell Bruce before his poor tongue gave
out. "Bruce? Come up here and kiss me before your tongue's all used up."

"I want to give you an orgasm. I'm camped out down here until I do."

"Well you may be there a long time," she told him, propping herself up on her
elbows. "I've had like five orgasms in my whole life and I gave myself three of
those in the last two days. Clarice says we need to learn what we like by
playing with ourselves if we expect a guy to be able to.. That _does_ feel good
but I'm not going to be able to cum just yet. Don't take this personally but I'm
not in the mood."

"Ah, fuck," Bruce spat out, getting up off the rug at the edge of the bed in
disgust.

"Come here kiss me before I cry," Kaitlyn begged, already sobbing.

The two discussions that Bruce attended taught him two things: During the first,
'If in doubt, hug -- and don't say anything that will make things worse.' That
applied to a man dealing with a woman's anger, her disappointment, and
especially to crying. The second was devoted to cunnilingus and the advice came
straight from John Grey's best selling book, 'Get comfortable and plan to camp
out down there for a while.'

In spite of trying to get comfortable, his neck hurt, his tongue muscles were
exhausted and his jaw ached. If he was completely honest with himself and his
wife, he had to admit that it was actually a relief to quit for a while. So he
did. Out loud.

"I guess we both have a lot to learn," Kaitlyn said softly.

"I do, at least," Bruce grumbled.

"Me, too."

"That blow job was perfect."

"That one would just get me a barely passing grade. To get an A, I have to take
you all the way down my throat until my lips are against your hair," she
informed him. "But that'll be like ten weeks from now and Clarice said that some
women never get to where they can do it."

"It was perfect for me."

"Thanks, but practice makes perfect. Can I practice some more on you?"

"Only if I can practice on you, too."

"I'd like that."

"Me, too."

"But later," Kaitlyn told him. "I have other homework to do. So come here and
let's get started."

"If we have to," Bruce grumbled good-naturedly, sitting down at the table to
work on a budget and plans for the future based on an outline that Clarice left
there. "So what does this mean?" Bruce asked as Katy checked off another item
from the sheet of homework assignments.

"I'll have to show you."

"Can't you just tell me what it means to 'exercise PC'?"

"I could, but it'll be more fun if we just do it."

"So tell me."

"OK," Kaitlyn sighed. "I don't remember what the P-C stands for but the PC
muscles are the ones down here that keep pee and poop in. But a good wife is
supposed to be able to squeeze her husband's cock with them when they fuck but
it's back to that whole thing of practice makes perfect. Most women can't even
control those muscles and then women've got to develop strength and stamina. The
woman who's teaching about it can actually shoot a rubber prick out of her
pussy. She's incredible."

"So how do you practice?" Bruce asked, his prick coming to life.

"Well, we start fucking with me on top, see? That's on the list, too. I going to
love some my homework," she laughed.

"I might like it, too."

"What? Me on top, doing all the work?"

"Definitely."

"Rule number one for a good wife is to always be available to her husband for
sex. So I'm available."

Bruce proved that young men recover quickly. Kaitlyn licked his rigid cock,
"just for practice," and to lubricate him. Then, for the first time, she
straddled a man and lowered herself onto an erect penis with a satisfied sigh.

"A one and ah two and three and four," Kaitlyn sang out, sitting still while
contracting her muscles as tightly as she could. "Can you feel that?"

"Yeah. That feels terrific."

"Could I make you cum from just doing that?" When he didn't answer right away,
she added, "Be honest."

"No. Not enough, you know, friction."

"Clarice and Lucy can actually milk a guy with their muscles. I have to work on
it."

"So what do you do when there's no guy around?"

"Well, we do all sorts of things. Like when I pee, I do it in little squirts."
She explained all of the exercises, inserting her fingers and squeezing, using
the metal PC dumbbells, and practicing on the meter and balloon machine that
would be used to grade them.

"I'd like to see that," Bruce told her, smiling.

"I'm sure you would," she smiled back.

"So what else have you done this week?"

"You want the whole story?"

"If it's as interesting as PC exercises, sure."

So Kaitlyn gave her new husband a lengthy summary of her week while impaled on
his cock, exercising her PC muscles regularly as she spoke. Bruce took advantage
of this new position to caress his wife's breasts, remembering patience, cupping
and stroking all around the her breasts before closing in on her noticeably
larger nipples. ",. And so here I am, working on my homework and enjoying it
like I've never enjoyed any other homework," she concluded.

"I'm enjoying it, too."

"Be honest, now," she told him seriously. "What do you want to do now?" He
blushed. She noticed. "Tell the truth. You won't hurt my feelings."

"OK," he agreed. "But let me ask you this. How many positions have we made love
in?"

"I get it," she grinned. "The good old missionary to get me knocked up and this
one. Do you have a new position in mind?"

"Doggie style?" he offered, uncertainly.

"Woof, woof," Kaitlyn barked out, lifting herself off his cock to kneel on the
bed with her butt facing him.

"Bitch," he laughed, scratching her head like he would a dog's. "My sexy puppy."
He aimed his pole at her waiting hole and lunged forward and began slapping into
her, faster and faster, thankful for the added friction and depth. Kaitlyn
reached under herself to stroke her pussy and cup his balls. He groaned loudly
when he felt her soft hand on his sack. "Gawd, that feels good."

"It's supposed to," she laughed. He stopped. "What's wrong?"

"You're not, you know."

"I'm enjoying it and I am getting turned on," she told him, still smiling as she
fell forward and rolled over to look at him. "But you know it takes women a long
time and especially inexperienced women. Hey, you weren't this concerned when
you got me pregnant."

"I wasn't in love then, either. I love you."

'He loves me,' Katy smiled to herself, feeling a shiver of delight rock her
whole body.

"What are you grinning at?" Bruce demanded, his glistening cock waving in the
air about where Kaitlyn's bottom had been just seconds before.

"You," she informed him, smiling even more. "You meant it that time."

"What?"

"That you loved me. So love me."

Bruce was actually thankful for the respite. His cock was loaded but a long way
from ready to fire. He gleefully fell forward so his face was between her legs
and started licking the labia that were now noticeably redder and larger than
before.

"Oh, shit!" Kaitlyn gasped as his tongue swiped across her now sensitized love
button. "Eeeii!"

No mental midget, Bruce knew immediately that she was aroused this time. He
licked all around her pussy, finding that he liked her taste and the whole
experience. He liked making her twitch with a swipe directly over her clit and
making her groan when he backed off and just licked beside it.

But his neck soon ached. 'Shoulda' been ready to camp out for a while,' he
chided himself. But he solved the problem by dragging her to the edge of the bed
and throwing her legs over his shoulders while he knelt comfortably on the rug.
Her feet were soon planted on his shoulders to open herself to his
ministrations.

"Oh, gawd, Brucie, that feels so good," she panted. "There! Yeah, oh, gawd,
you're gonna do it. I'm gonna cum. Do it hard there, right on my clit', faster,
Faster, FASTER, HARDERRRrrr."

Nature took over, making Kaitlyn buck her pubis up against Bruce's face, every
muscle in her body rigid as the big O approached. With his hands cupping her
bottom so he could keep his tongue in contact with her clit, Bruce followed her
every move until the explosion came.. and she came, far more powerfully than
ever before.

And then she was crying. When in doubt, Bruce knew what to do about that. Crawl
up beside her and hug her.

Kaitlyn was unconscious on his arm, cuddled against his side. He didn't know
whether she passed out or just fell asleep. It didn't matter. Either way, he had
done it, made her cum. The satisfied look on her face was his reward as he
gently caressed her body with his free hand, occasionally planting kisses in her
hair.

When she woke up, Bruce was sitting at the table looking through her notebook.
Her first inclination was to yell at him that it was private. But he was her
husband. Some of the stuff in there was embarrassing but... "Finding anything
interesting?"

"Are you really going to masturbate in front of me?"

"I'm supposed to," she smiled, stretching. "And for all I know, there are hidden
video cameras keeping watch to make sure that I do all of my homework so I guess
I'd better do it."

"The... it says that you can do it, play with yourself, I mean, while you're on
top," he grinned at her.

"Are you ready again?"

"Yeah."

"Me, too," she giggled, standing on the rumpled bed and crooking her finger at
her husband. He bounded over to the bed and lay on his back, his hard-on flat
against his belly until she took it in her hand and aimed it toward her pussy
hole. She started to sit on it and immediately met resistance. "I'm kind of
dry."

"I can fix that," Bruce grinned, ready to push her off.

"No, let me," she told him, swiping the tip of his prick up and down between her
labia. She used his cock like she did the rubber sheathed vibrator after the
batteries ran down, wiping the tip over her clitoris. "Ah, that feels nice," she
told him.

"I'll say."

"Easy now," she reminded herself as well as her husband as she repositioned his
cock at the entrance to her love tunnel and started to settle onto it. She
pumped in and out, slightly moist now. And the friction was delicious and made
her wet. Wetter, anyway. Wetter with each stroke. And a little deeper each time.

"Ah, that feels great," Bruce sighed.

"I'll say," Kaitlyn agreed, enjoying the different sensation of being penetrated
while just moist rather than sopping. The friction pulled on the skin that
connected her cunt to her clit so that it felt.. "So great."

She was a little disappointed when her natural lubrication put an end to the
scrumptious friction and left her with a cock buried completely inside her. But
she loved the feeling of being filled. Bruce's cock was infinitely better than
the rubber cocks she had used during the week. It was warm and alive. She could
feel blood pulsing through it while it was inside her, mingling with her own
throbbing in time with her heartbeat.

"I haven't been able to get myself off with just my fingers yet," Katy
apologized as she withdrew enough to get some of her juices on her fingertips.
"I had to use a vibrator."

"Do you have one? Here?"

"Yeah. In the bedside table."

"Get it," Bruce ordered, excited by the idea.

"I want to try it with just my fingers first. I keep getting close but, well,
it's the deal of practice."

"... makes perfect," he finished for her. "I sure enjoy your practice," he
informed her, reaching out to touch her breasts, cupping them, avoiding for the
time being the nipples that were already erect and oh, so tempting.

The young couple lost count of how many times they made love and how many times
each of them came. They forgot about food, neither even noticing that they
missed supper.

Bruce was fascinated with Kaitlyn's reactions and responsiveness. He was also a
good observer. It was so erotic, just watching her get herself off with her
fingers for the first time and then with the vibrator, which was much quicker,
but the vibrator orgasm didn't seem as strong. It was even more fun to try to
get her off with his fingers and to use the vibrator on her while she played
with her own breasts. He was surprised at how hard she pulled on her nipples
just before she came. Katy had difficulty explaining how she wanted more intense
sensations when she was aroused, how things that would otherwise hurt felt good
when she was turned on.

The next time Bruce decided to eat his wife's pussy, since his cock got long but
remained soft after having spurted more than half a dozen times, he reached up
to tweak her nipples. As she got close, he pulled hard, twisting and turning
and...

"Wow," he laughed. "That was intense!"

"I'll say," she agreed.

"Didn't it hurt?" he asked.

"What?"

"Your nips. I was afraid I'd pull them off."

"It was, well. They're kind of sore right now but like I said, when I'm really
turned on, it felt, well... I mean, it hurts but it makes everything so, well,
you said it. Intense."

"I guess I've got a lot to learn," he smiled.

"We both do," she agreed. "That's what my homework is all about and we have to
do some more of the non-sex stuff or I'm going to be in trouble."

"Maybe we can combine it," he suggested. "Like you can write while I lick you."

"Too distracting." "Well come on up here and let's get some work done," he told
her seriously. She brought her notebook onto the bed and sat in the middle with
her legs crossed. Bruce snuggled up behind her with his legs spread to each side
and rested his chin on her shoulder so he could see as they started working on a
budget.

They did get a little work done. Very little. Bruce's hands were clasped around
her middle when they started figuring how much money they'd need to be on their
own. But her skin felt so nice. And different in different places. He discovered
folds of skin when she leaned over to slide his finger between, feeling the body
oil that remained from the sweat produced the last time. Soft skin under a tit,
still white from being hidden from the sun. And hair, soft in some places and
prickly in others.

"Bruce, we have to do this," Katy told her husband, removing his hand from the
patch of hair between her legs.

"Yes, dear," he answered in a singsong voice, scooting forward so she could feel
his prick throbbing against her back.

"You _can't_ be ready to go again!"

"Practice makes perfect," he whispered just before he began nibbling at her
earlobe with his lips, sliding his hands up to cup her breasts and gently twist
her erect nipples with his fingertips.

"Aaahh," she sighed, not quite believing how sensitive her nipples had become
and how enjoyable his gentle manipulation felt. And how sensitive her skin felt.
And how Bruce had learned just where to put his hands to get things ready
between her legs without...




Chapter Sixteen -- Sunday Services

Katy knew she was in trouble. She and Bruce barely made it to the chapel during
the first hymn. 'All You Need is Love' by The Beatles was blasting out of the
speakers and everyone was tapping their toes or swaying to the music. As the
"Love is all you need" counterpoints faded away, the preacher stood behind the
pulpit.

"Is love all you need?" he asked, looking over the congregation with a blank
expression. "Does anyone here really think that love is all that you need?" he
demanded more forcefully, his brows furrowing into a stern frown. "Can love
provide food? Clothing? The necessities of life? Will love care for your spouses
and children?"

He paused for a long time, waiting until his congregation began to squirm
uncomfortably on the padded benches, before he continued, firmly saying, "Well,
I believe that love is all you need. Not just romantic love, or sexual love, or
even the agape love that we preachers so love to talk about when we talk about
love. The Bible tells us all we need to know about love and that love really is
all you need."

"So let us pray." He bowed his head and let silence reign for a minute. "Lord,
help us all to do your will, to accept your teaching. You are deserving of all
our praise and love. You taught us, reminding us of the Great Commandment, 'Love
the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your
mind. This is the first and greatest commandment. And the second is like it:
Love your neighbor as yourself. All of the Law and the Prophets hinge on these
two commandments.' And Lord, help us all to remember that our spouse is also our
neighbor, deserving of that same love."

Picking up a slip of paper, he continued, "Let us especially remember Gloria and
Sam who are having difficulties with their marriage, working hard to keep their
matrimony holy. And Steven and Christie, whose newborn daughter is suffering
from a congenital heart defect and may not survive the emergency surgery
performed yesterday. Please keep them in your prayers. And..."

The preacher continued a long time, adding more and more names to the prayer
list. He concluded by leading the congregation in the Lord's Prayer.

Then the tall, handsome preacher looked up again and smiled. "Before I continue,
I have some confessions of my own. I'm still not comfortable with what I still
judge to be debauchery and perversion that occurs on the grounds of this school.
So before I agreed to take part in services here, I had to pray long and hard
for guidance. And the Good Lord provided the answers from the Good Book."

"I believed myself to be a good and holy man," he sighed. "I prayed for a sign,
I opened the good book to a random page, hoping, praying. And my eyes fell on
the scripture in the twenty-first chapter of Matthew, verse 31. 'I tell you the
truth, the tax collectors and the prostitutes are entering the kingdom of God
ahead of you.' I took that as an admonition against my judging for my Lord said,
"Do not judge or you too will be judged. For in the same way you judge others,
you will be judged and with the same measure you use, it will be measured in
you." (Matt 7, 1-2)

"So how am I to judge? Again, Jesus gave me the answer in Matthew 7, verse 18.
'A good tree cannot bear bad fruit and a bad tree cannot bear good fruit.'
Friends, my beloved wife and I were on the verge of divorce few years ago when
she informed me that she was leaving for twelve weeks."

His smile broadened as he softly chuckled into the microphone, "If you think
your being nude is embarrassing and hard to take, imagine what it was like for a
young preacher's wife." Many in the congregation snickered before he continued,
"And I was relieved that she was going. It gave me time to think and to pray.
But I agreed to go to some classes for husbands. I was amazed when I was
reminded of the scriptures along with the sex and communications lectures."

"Jesus taught us, 'At the beginning, the Creator made them male and female and
said, for this reason a man will leave his father and mother and be united to
his wife and the two will become one flesh. So they are no longer two but one.
Therefore, what God has joined together, let no man separate.'"

During the preacher's last words, the haunting strains of Paul Stookey's
'Marriage Song' drifted softly from the chapel's sound system. By the time the
last refrain of "...whenever two or more of you are gathered in his name, there
is love. There is love." echoed through the chapel, everyone's throat was choked
with emotion and more than a few tears rolled down cheeks.

"Brenda and I had vowed to love, honor, and cherish. And I had convinced myself
that I was fulfilling my vows," the preacher confessed after a suitable
reflective pause. "I wasn't. I had convinced myself that denying sex was good
and holy. I can show you scriptures to support that, that denial. The Puritans
believed in denial. But I'm Baptist. Oops, a lot of Baptists listened to the
Puritans, I'm afraid."

"So listen carefully," he grinned. "This may be the only time you ever hear a
Baptist preacher say this. Do it. Screw each other every chance you get. In
First Corinthians, chapter 7, verse 5, Paul tells us, 'Do not deprive each other
except by mutual consent and for a time so that you can devote yourselves to
prayer. Then come back together so that Satan will not tempt you because of your
lack of self-control."

"I confess to you all that I deprived my wife. I convinced myself that it was
because I was holy, that God's work was more important than my marriage. It is.
But, and this is even more important. By denying my wife, I was going against
the law of God. I was doing wrong. I was sinning."

"In the coming weeks, you ladies will hear many admonitions from the scriptures.
I've heard all of the other sermons so that I wouldn't duplicate the lessons
some of you ladies have already heard. And my lessons are for the men here, the
husbands and future husbands. Men, don't deprive your wives. And ladies, you
have my permission to remind the men."

"So gentlemen, what do the scriptures tell us? Again, it's Paul who commands us
in Ephesians, 5:25, 'Husbands, love your wives as Christ loved the church and
gave himself up for her to make her holy, cleansing her by the washing with
water through the word, and to present her to himself as a radiant church,
without stain or wrinkle or any other blemish, but holy and blameless. In this
same way, husbands ought to love their wives as their own bodies. He who loves
his wife loves himself. After all, no one ever hated his own body but he feeds
and cares for it, just as Christ does the church -- for we are members of his
body.' Each of you must love his wife as he loves himself."

"Paul calls it a profound mystery, the relationship of Christ to his church and
a man to his wife. Paul never married. Most of us have or will. We may never
understand fully, but we can learn. And my beloved wife taught me. She taught me
what it means to love."

The man fondly looked over to his wife, seated to the side of the altar. Once
again, music came from the sound system, a kareoke background. And after the
first chord, the Baptist preacher began singing, "It must have been cold there
in my shadow."

Bette Midler need have no fear that his rendition will ever outsell hers, but he
sang with deep feeling. Both he and his wife were crying tears of joy as he
finished, ".'cause you are the wind beneath my wings." There wasn't a dry eye in
the chapel as he held her and kissed her. No sound was made in the chapel for
several minutes.

Reverend Bradley slowly walked back to the pulpit, glancing back at his wife
several times. He looked out over the congregation. Several women were still
wiping their eyes when he suddenly shouted, "Husbands! Love your wives! This is
the command of God Almighty!"

For the next ten minutes, the preaching was what everyone expected from a
Missionary Baptist preacher. He shouted, then whispered. He quoted scripture and
pronounced his interpretation in a singsong, never seeming to take a breath.
"The apostle Peter, first among the chosen twelve, commands in his first
epistle, 'Husbands, be considerate as you live with your wives and treat them
with respect as the weaker partner and as heirs with you of the glorious gift of
life so that nothing will hinder your prayers.'"

"The gift of LIFE!" the preacher shouted. Then he whispered, "Heirs to the
glorious gift, the gift of life. So _NOTHING_ will hinder your prayers. Nothing.
Gentlemen, the next time you kneel between your wife's naked thighs, give
thanks. Pray that you will satisfy her, her physical needs, and her emotional
needs, and her spiritual needs. It is not only right and proper, but also God,
Jesus Christ our Savior, and all of the apostles command that you do so. So how
do you do that?"

"Let's begin with a wife's physical needs. You can learn a bit from books.
But..."

More carefully chosen contemporary music punctuated the long sermon. More
confessions of his own foibles and missteps gave humanity to the lessons. Even
though most of those present were tired from lack of sleep the night before, not
a single person was tempted to doze during his preaching. Everyone, especially
the men, hung on every word until he finally said, "I promised to keep this
under an hour. I will. Remember this. Love one another."

The Beatles recording of 'All You Need is Love' began to play again as a
recessional. Reverend Bradley accompanied his wife to the back of the chapel
where they waited to greet the congregation as they left. Then they all went to
the dining hall for brunch. Reverend Bradley accepted congratulations and thanks
for his sermon as they were served by the erotically dressed sophomores.

"Doesn't that turn you on?" one of the husbands asked, nodding toward a gorgeous
pair of buttocks swiveling away back to the kitchen for a fresh pot of coffee.

"Of course it does," the preacher acknowledged, enjoying the opportunity to
continue his lessons. "But Paul taught me that it's good to marry and have
relations with your wife. It is better to marry than to, as he put it, 'burn
with passion.' Getting turned on, that burning with passion, is acceptable when
the outlet is your spouse. God doesn't make mistakes. He planned for men to get
turned on by looking at women."

"But doesn't it, well." Bruce began uncertainly. "I mean, don't you want to do
it with her?" he asked, again nodding toward one of the naked women, not his
wife.

"And doesn't it say somewhere that just looking is like committing adultery?"
another asked.

"One at a time," the preacher laughed. "First, let's talk about looking. You're
talking about Matthew 5, where Jesus said, 'You heard it said, 'Do not commit
adultery.' But I tell you that anyone who looks at a woman lustfully has already
committed adultery with her in his heart.' That's the same place where Jesus
said, 'If your eye causes you to sin, gouge it out and throw it away,' and 'if
your right hand causes you to sin, cut it off.' But be very careful about taking
bits and pieces of the Bible out of context and trying to apply them literally.
Otherwise you'll be blind and have no hands."

He continued, "Jesus also said you have about as much chance of getting into
heaven as getting a camel through a needle's eye. If you take that out of
context, then why even try to be good? Because of God's grace, that's why. So
you've committed adultery in your heart. But action speaks louder than words and
you will ultimately be judged on your actions, not your thoughts. I committed
adultery in my heart with that young woman. But in a little bit, I'm going to
commit love with my wife."

"Well said, preacher," Clarice's husband called out, toasting Reverend Bradley
with a glass of orange juice from the next table.

Bruce nodded with understanding, then smiled, and went to findhis naked wife.
Once he found her, obviously enjoying a conversation with some of the other
women, he drifted back to hear that it was all right to "just fuck" once in a
while.

"That was one of my biggest problems," the preacher confessed. "The bondage.
Kinky sex was definitely a Baptist no-no and when Brenda told me how excited it
made her to be rendered completely helpless, I.. Well, I had trouble coping with
that for a while because the first thing I though about was Paul. In First
Corinthians, chapter 6, he tells us that the wicked will not inherit the kingdom
of God. He says, 'Neither the sexually immoral nor idolaters nor adulterers nor
male prostitutes nor homosexual offenders nor thieves nor the greedy nor
drunkards nor slanderers nor swindlers will inherit the kingdom of God.' And I
believed that anything even slightly kinky came under the heading of 'sexual
immorality'."

"Well, when I have trouble working anything out, I go back to prayer and the
Bible," the reverend recommended. "You can learn a lot there. The first thing I
found was Proverbs, 14:1 which says, 'Homes are made by the wisdom of women but
are destroyed by foolishness.' Was I being foolish? How about Proverbs 12:1.
'Anyone who loves knowledge wants to be told when he is wrong. It's stupid to
hate being corrected.' There are lots of warnings about adultery and consorting
with prostitutes in the Bible but not one word that says you can't tie your wife
up. Believe me, I've read every word many times."

"Well, while I was in Proverbs, I kept reading about gaining knowledge so I
decided I needed to know a little more about what my wife was asking for. Can
you image a preacher taking his wife to a bondage club? Well, I did. We joined
something called 'The Power Exchange' in the Baltimore-Washington area and went
to what they call 'munches" where you get to know people who are kinky in a
nonsexual environment. Know what? I liked them. Most of them are good people."

"Know what else?" he chuckled. "They teach the same things that are in the
Bible. You heard me say from the pulpit, 'treat your wives with respect.' I
don't think I'll ever tell my congregation how much I respect my wife when I
cuff her hands behind her back and make her 'burn with passion', but I do
respect her, her needs and wants and desires to follow another scripture. The
third chapter of First Peter begins, 'Wives, be submissive to your husbands.'
Brenda takes that very seriously." Many the couples gathered around laughed.

"I sure do," she grinned, kneeling before her ordained husband, completely nude.
"My beloved husband."

"Just one of our concessions to the Bible," he chuckled, ruffling her hair
lovingly. "We've agreed that she will never call me 'Lord' or 'Master' because
those titles belong to God. But I know whenever she calls me 'beloved husband',
she's in a submissive mood." Then he added, "And she's horny. I'd better not let
her 'burn with passion' too long or she'll be tempted by Satan. And so might I."

Reverend Bradley reverently took his naked wife's hand and pulled her to her
feet, then walked out of the room, caressing her bare bottom with his hand as he
led her away to show his respect with a paddle.. or maybe a cane, crop, or whip.

The couple was a hot topic of conversation that afternoon as many others cooled
burning passions, now sure that they were doing God's will.




Chapter Seventeen -- After Hell Week

Laura and Kaitlyn were the first to make it back to their room Sunday afternoon.
"Have fun?" Laura asked the teenager.

"More than that," Kaitlyn sighed dreamily. "I fell in love."

"Sounds wonderful," Laura grinned, dying to tell her own story but sensitive to
the youngster's need.

"Oh, it was! I mean we _did_ have sex. Lots of it. And it was great and I had
lots of orgasms but I.. I didn't expect it to be so great, the sex, I mean. I
mean, like _Wow_! But I think that the sex was better partly because I really do
love Bruce. I really do. And he loves me. He even said it like he means it."

The oldest and youngest in the room were still in animated conversation when Kim
came in looking melancholy. "Are you OK?" Laura asked her.

"Yes," she sighed.

"So tell me about it."

"Well, he came and then he came. I got off but, well, it was like there was
something missing all weekend. We can hardly talk about anything but sex."

"Bruce and I talked a lot about sex, too," Kaitlyn chimed in excitedly,
interrupting. "And we did a lot of sex, too. But I got all of my homework done.
Well, most of it, at least. We still haven't figured out how we're going to make
enough to move out of our homes and.. No, let me rephrase that. We don't know
how we're going to make a home for ourselves. But we came up with some ideas and
we're going to try. Hard."

"And I can have multiple orgasms," she bragged, smiling. "When Bruce licks me
down there, I just go into orbit. He wanted to do it when we did it so much he
couldn't get hard again and then it'd make him hard doing it, like, I mean,
licking me, and then we'd do it."

"You mean fuck," Kim told her.

"Yeah," the pregnant girl smiled. "We tried all sorts of positions. And you know
what? Bruce likes it when I diddle myself while we're doing it, fucking, I mean.
He gets off on me getting off and it was like, Wow! I wanted to go home with him
but we decided that I'd finish here because if it's this good after just a week,
well, maybe it'll be that much better if I stay, you know?"

"What the..?" Laura gasped as two men carried Darlene into the room and
unceremoniously dumped her on her bed. "What happened to you?"

Darlene struggled to sit up. It was hard with her wrists cuffed behind her back
and her ankles shackled together. Her feet were covered by demi-boots with
five-inch heels and wrap-around ankle straps that were secured with small
padlocks that locked a short chain between her ankles. "I left early and didn't
come back on time," she told Laura, laughing.

"I hope it was worth it," Laura said seriously.

"So do I," Darlene agreed. "But it was great to spend a couple of days at home.
Really great."

Just then, a senior came in to unlock Darlene's wrists from behind her back but
only after securing her left wrist in a cuff attached to a long chain secured to
the wall. "You may need this," the senior snickered, leaving a porcelain chamber
pot beside the bed.

"I guess I'd better finish some assignments," Laura sighed, going to her desk to
write the mandated essays on her weekend experience. The others agreed and got
to work, even Darlene.

-=*=-

At 6 a.m. on Monday, all the alarm clocks on all the headboards started blasting
at once. The posted schedule didn't give them much time to clean up and eat
breakfast. The first class was at seven.

Three staff members came for Darlene, but one was sufficient as the chubby wife
passively let them put a chain around her belly and secure her wrists to it with
nylon cuffs and short chains. She somehow managed to make it to the bathroom,
avoiding use of the chamber pot. But no one released her from her bondage and
the short chains wouldn't allow her to wash herself properly or even wipe her
butt. She barely managed to bend over far enough to brush her teeth, pulling
firmly against the belly chain.

When they got to breakfast, they found places designated for them with cardboard
signs on the tables. Everyone but Kaitlyn, Laura, and Kim found a special seat
awaiting them that looked somewhat like a rubber bicycle seat with a long rubber
finger toward the back and a fat, oddly shaped hump up front. "For those of you
who acted like assholes this weekend, we have a reminder for you," Clarice told
them sternly. "I'd butter those up a bit before you sit down."

After a week in the nude, the freshman class had gotten over much of their
modesty and embarrassment. "I'll just stand," Maria said softly.

"Sit down!" Clarice ordered.

'Butter up' was meant literally because the only lubricant available was butter.
And if they used it on the rubber shafts, there was none left for their biscuits
or pancakes. All of the women found it difficult to settle onto the things. Most
tried clenching their butt cheeks to prevent penetration by the rubber finger.
Maria slid down her seat to bend the finger over between her cheeks until
Clarice noticed and insisted she "sit down properly." Maria feigned ignorance.

"Not a word out of any of you," Clarice snapped loudly. "For those of you who
couldn't even manage to follow a few simple rules there is punishment. Deborah.
Stand up." Debbie shot up. "You will demonstrate the proper way to be seated.
Bend forward slightly and clasp your buttocks, pulling them open. That's it.
Wider. Now slowly lower yourself. Bend your knees so your bottom comes straight
down. That's better. Since you just used the toilet, nothing's going to come out
when the 'finger of fate' touches your anus. Push out as if you're trying to go
to the bathroom to open yourself up and then sit. Do it!" One by one,the women
had to go through the humiliating ritual, some of them several times.

Breakfast was buffet style that morning. Wendy figured Clarice had set it up
that way to make them repeat the ritual of penetrating their butt holes. The
front bump made them keep their legs opened and pressed against their pussies,
causing a short, fat protuberance to press against their pussy holes just enough
to stretch them partly open without complete penetration. The whole experience
was uncomfortable and thoroughly humiliating.

Breakfast was interrupted many times as Clarice berated each of the women for
her weekend sins, calling each to an adjacent table to bend over and receive a
spanking with a board-paddle like was once used for corporal punishment in
schools. The spanking was bad enough but enduring it in the dining room, bent
over so that everything was displayed, with twenty other women all around, that
was hardly bearable.

During the health class the first week, they were told to start with fruit or
salad at each meal to get healthy food into their bodies first. It seemed that
they had barely started eating the fruit salad that morning before breakfast was
over and they had to scrape the pancakes and bacon into separate trash cans for
some hog farmer who picked up waste food three times a week.

It was then that they learned that they would be cooks and dishwashers for the
next three weeks. Tina had been replaced by an even more evil looking woman, a
giant in knee boots, khaki colored jodhpurs, and a white bustier. She carried a
riding crop that she used often to hurry the women through their cleaning chores
as they washed the breakfast dishes and pans.

So began two weeks of terror and exhaustion. The women had thought that the
worst was over after their first three days. It was so nice to have hell week
end on the third day. They all enjoyed Thursday and Friday and the weekend. But
now they rushed from one activity to another, always being chastised for being
slow or late.

The first class was to be 'anal eroticism' but before the class started, they
had to accept more punishment. Jennifer, Maria, Wendy, and Debbie were called
out first.

"What were you told about safe sex?" Clarice demanded as Nancy, the giant in
jodhpurs, hovered over them threateningly. "It was a very simple exercise. A
little manual stimulation of the male genitals, stroke a penis until
ejaculation, and a written report were all that was required. Oral sex was
allowed only with a condom or dental dam. That was for your protection and you
four completely ignored the instructions."

The lecture seemed to last for hours. "What do you have to say for yourselves?"
Clarice demanded. "What do you think we should do about this? A spanking isn't
nearly enough punishment for potentially jeopardizing your health and the health
of every other person you have intimate contact with for the rest of your lives.
You could..."

It was humiliating and demeaning. All four of the women had tears rolling down
their cheeks before Clarice got to the point. "Since you couldn't seem to
remember something as simple as rubbers, I've decided that we will help remind
you. Put these on." She handed each of them a beige colored 'thing' made of
latex rubber.

At first, they couldn't even figure out what the 'things' were but as they
straightened them out, the four discovered that they were pullover dresses,
simply cut and sleeveless. The rubber wasn't much heavier than a condom. Putting
them on was a struggle and when they had them on, it was like being encased in a
condom from neck to mid-thigh, their breasts squished under the tight, almost
transparent rubber.

Then the class started. And ended almost as quickly as it started when Clarice
discovered that Darlene was "nasty." So Clarice began another lecture on
supporting each other, loving each other, and taking care of each other. After
every one of them endured another spanking, this time with a leather 'swatter',
they were all sent back to the showers as a group to wash Darlene and 'her funky
butt hole.' The four in the latex dresses weren't allowed to remove them and
Darlene wasn't released from her bondage and, since it was their job now to
provide towels, there were no towels and they had to return to the classroom
dripping for another round of spanking because of their neglect of duty.

"You've totally ruined the schedule," Clarice berated them. "So to remind you
what horse's asses you are today, I think I'll provide a reminder. Bend over."
Nancy and Clarice ceremoniously inserted small butt plugs into each of the
women's anal orifices. The plugs were especially humiliating because of the
horse hair tail that hung to each of the women's ankles.

Bread making class followed, starting with a lecture by Peggy, a matronly
55-year-old woman, on 'the bread of life' and how important bread was to
families and marriages. Most of the women agreed that the smell of bread rising
was wonderful. They served all the other students lunch and had only a couple of
minutes to eat some salad before they had to clean up and go to exercise. Power
walking and jogging with butt plug tails was especially irritating and showering
in a latex condom dress was useless, leaving four of the women slick with their
own sweat and body oils.

Somewhere in the afternoon they watched a video about the clitoris and halfway
heard a lecture on cunnilingus and their homework assignments, more practice and
writing about how they felt about doing things to themselves. Clarice appeared
at the end of the class to scold them for inadequate writing about their
weekends and to administer another round of spankings just before the next
cooking class during which they prepared food for supper. By the time they
finished cleaning up, there was no time to complete all of the homework
assignments.

So the next morning, they endured more punishment, more work, and more classes.
They rushed from one activity to another. And everything got harder. There was a
class on graceful walking in high heels and they practiced by wearing heels for
everything but showers and physical fitness exercise. The height of the heels
increasing every day. And there were serious classes on hygiene and even a Red
Cross course on basic first aid and cardiopulmonary resuscitation.

The whole week was frantic for the freshmen. None of them got to see their
husbands for more than a couple of hours and the single women didn't get to
select a boy toy. The couplings were frantic but totally unsatisfactory. The
cooking and cleaning chores didn't end on weekends so they didn't get a break, a
chance to rest and recuperate.

The third week was just as frantic. At least the rubber dresses were finally
gone. But they could never seem to please Clarice or the other staff and spent
most of the week with something in their butts "to remind you what assholes you
are." Darlene was relieved of her bondage at the end of the third week with a
stern warning that it would be far worse if she violated the rules again.

The three weeks as freshmen ended and three weeks as sophomores began without
ceremony. They were assigned to 'dress up' for their husbands or boy toys if you
can call crotchless panties and transparent lace corsellettes dressing up. Most
of them managed an orgasm or two but the time with their husbands seemed kind of
empty and unsatisfying. They remained 'dressed up' in some obscene outfit
continuously.

During the fourth week, they were relieved of cooking chores by a new class of
freshmen but grounds-keeping chores were added. The quantity of sexual activity
kept going up but none of them enjoyed themselves very much. Reading and writing
assignments built up so that they were all punished with limited time with their
husbands at the end of the fourth week and stern instructions to please their
mates sexually so the men wouldn't stray.

-=*=-

"Get to work, Katy," Kim snarled as they pulled weeds, kneeling nude in front of
flowerbeds.

"Why?" Kaitlyn replied calmly, slowly pulling one weed while Kim had thrown two
hands full into the wheelbarrow. "No matter how much we do, they won't be
satisfied. Haven't you noticed? We all get punished no matter what we do or how
much."

"I'm not wearing one of those," Kim grinned evilly.

"It doesn't really hurt," Kaitlyn told her, squirming a little in the rubber
dildo thong, a large plug up her pussy and another buried in her asshole. "And
if I just don't give a hoot, it's kind of a turn on."

"You're nuts," Kim spat. "Now get to work before we get in even more trouble. If
you don't, I'll punish you worse than they do." She gave the young girl a
vicious slap across her bottom.

As expected, they were scolded for getting the toes of their high heeled shoes
dirty and were given a frigid hosing off outside before they went in for lunch.
Kaitlyn and Debbie were already plugged and sat in little saddle seats. The rest
of the women ceremoniously spread their cheeks and sat on rubber plugs that had
grown in size until it was almost painful to sit. But they were too exhausted to
not sit or to argue.

After lunch, Nancy told them all to get something to drink and then she herded
them into a room they had never been in before. It was one huge padded
conversation pit. There were soft cushions almost everywhere with a few hard
flat surfaces for their refreshments. Clarice was waiting, nude.

"Are you ready yet?" Clarice asked quietly, not yelling or scolding, as had
become the norm.

"For what," Laura sighed. Then her eyebrows furrowed and she almost yelled out,
"For what? More work? More spanking? More of whatever you tell us to do? How is
this shit making me a better wife?"

"Kaitlyn? Have you figured out what's going on?" Clarice asked.

"I figured out last week that no matter how much we do, you're never satisfied."

Clarice didn't say anything. She just looked around, waiting.

"It's like having five kids and a husband," Darlene spoke up. "You're always
running around and you can never get everything done. The first week here was a
pleasant break from my life. This isn't really that bad."

"It isn't?" Clarice asked. They expected a lecture but the older woman didn't
say anything else.

"I get it," Laura finally smiled. "This is a lesson, right? The whole thing. To
teach 'you can't be super woman' or something."

Clarice just smiled. "Get your toothbrush. Nothing else. And take off those
things. Meet me at the back of the gym in five minutes."




Chapter Eighteen -- Contemplation

Eight nude women collected at the back of the gym to join a silent Clarice who
just pointed to stretchy slippers like the ones given out by hospitals. They
were incredibly comfortable after weeks in high heels. Not knowing what else to
do, the women slipped them on and followed Clarice out the back door.

Clarice led them down a gravel pathway for fifteen minutes to a rock cabin by a
flowing stream where the air smelled fresh and clean from wild flowers and the
sound of the water flowing in the little brook soothed them, quieting their
thoughts. Inside the cabin were dozens of cushions and eight camping style
mattresses, eight sleeping bags, eight mugs, eight plates, eight of everything
but no chair, table, desk, or even a toilet. Just four walls with a window in
one sidewall, a fireplace in the opposite wall, and doors in the front and back.

Clarice handed them each a piece of paper containing a schedule:

12:30-13:00	 silent contemplation 
13:00-14:00	 silent exercise 
14:00-15:00	 silent hot tub 
15:00-17:00	 free time - read, write, catch up on homework,walk, exercise, or ? 
17:00-18:00	 silent supper - soup & sandwich 
18:00-		 free time-0?:00	 wake up 
08:00-09:00	 quiet discussion 
09:00-10:00	 exercise 
10:00-12:00	 free time ....

Clarice walked away quickly, leaving them with only their toothbrushes and the
contents of the footlocker. After almost five weeks of continuous, frantic
activity, the eight women didn't quite know what to do. They wandered through
the little sixteen by sixteen cabin, finding a locker with eight blank
notebooks, eight pencils, a box of baking soda, a bar of lye soap, some books.

Outside, they found plastic coated dumbbells on the lawn. A huge wooden hot tub
that would easily hold all of them was surrounded by a deck. Some of the women
wandered down by the stream and found that a rock dam created a pool, an old
fashioned swimming hole that looked inviting with the summer heat and humidity,
especially with the pebble beach. Kaitlyn and Maria settled down into sun baked
pebbles, Katy laying back and closing her eyes while Maria stared blankly at the
water. Maria sat up, thinking.

A little later, Kaitlyn found Laura wandering around. "Come on," she told the
older woman. "Let's find Darlene and take a walk for our exercise."

Laura looked around as if she expected Nancy to jump out of the bushes and flail
them with the riding crop. But no one appeared and Laura passively followed the
pregnant teenager to a rock where they found Darlene standing, rocking from one
foot to the other. "Darlene," Katy called out. "Come walk with us for our
aerobics. Then we can do some dumbbell exercises when we get back." Darlene wore
the same astonished expression as Laura but joined them for a long walk along a
path that led upstream through the woods.

Kaitlyn was obviously the leader of the expedition, walking so briskly that the
older and heavier women had to struggle a little bit to keep up. Even Katy was
out of breath and sweating heavily before they turned around. It was easier
going back since it was downhill most of the way. Then Katy stopped on the lawn
and picked up a pair of seven-pound dumbbells. "I think I'll just do the home
circuit," she mumbled, beginning with military presses and moving immediately to
upright rows, curls, and so on, keeping her heart rate up for another half hour
or so.

Following Katy's lead, the other seven women went through a workout on the lawn
where more sweet Dutch clover than grass carpeted the area. Bees buzzed between
the white blossoms as they exercised but the insects were too busy collecting
nectar and pollen to bother the women.

When she felt 'right', Katy put down the dumbbells, skipped down to the pond,
and dove in from a rock along the edge. "Aii, it's cold," she squealed as she
surfaced but she stayed in the deep mini-lake, treading water in the middle or
diving to explore the rocky bottom once she got used to the water. The other
seven women all wandered down to join her, some just dangling their feet in the
water while others swam.

When Katy strode up the pebble beach at the back of the pond farthest from the
dam, she gathered sticks along the edge of the woods before she walked back up
the slope to the hot tub. Most of the other women followed her lead.

"I saw one of these in a magazine," Katy told them, putting her sticks into the
burner at the side of the tub. "Did anybody see matches? Maybe in the locker."
The boiler's firebox was soon full. Katy had found matches and a can of charcoal
lighter in the covered tinderbox beside the boiler. Soon, the fragrant smell of
burning hardwood filled the air as they all settled into the tub, the boiler
sending bubbles and blasts of steam out under the benches in the tub to churn
the water.

"You guys still haven't figured it out, have you?" Katy asked the group once
they were settled in the warm water. She didn't say anything for a long time,
then spoke up again. "We have a schedule, right? But we don't have a clock or
watch, do we? And there's nobody to tell us what to do. This is like 'Walden
Pond' or something until Clarice comes back. We're supposed to think and read
and write and do what we want to do and the thinking is about everything. How we
try to do too much and that just gets us depressed or mad or screwed up in
general. I know I can do a lot now. But I'll never..."

Kaitlyn's voice was usually loud and brash but it was now soft and soothing as
she quietly talked about her feelings. ".. I love Bruce but I still get mad. At
him. At myself. It's going to be really tough when we move into our own place.
And when the baby comes, it'll be worse. I'm scared. But I'm excited, too. And I
need this time to think."

Clarice appeared, looking vital and healthy in her nudity. She slipped into the
tub with the eight women and listened to Kaitlyn continue, "Sometimes I think I
should have waited and I should have, but now that I've, that we.. Bruce and I
made a baby. I won't have an abortion and it's too late now so I have two
choices, one, give the baby up for adoption or two, well, it's obvious." She
faced Clarice and asked, "Do you think we can make it?"

Clarice was stretched out, neck deep in the bubbling water that was only
slightly warmer than before Katy built the fire. She just smiled at the young
woman, raising one eyebrow. Kaitlyn stared at her for a few minutes. "Yeah. I
have to figure it out for myself."

When she first saw Clarice, Jennifer had tensed, knowing that they were going to
be punished, that Kaitlyn was going to end up wearing a gag for violating the
order to be silent. But Clarice said not a single word. The youngest girl in the
group had figured it out, what was going on.

Jennifer's mind emptied. She closed her eyes and stretched out her long frame in
the warm water. Sounds filled her mind, the buzz of insects, the far-off tinkle
of water descending the brook's rocky path, a ruffle of leaves. So peaceful.

Wendy had confessed the first day, telling everyone that she was afraid she was
gay. Jennifer harbored the same fear but couldn't admit it. She had never had a
satisfactory relationship with a man. She was too tall. Too gangly. Her tits
were too small, her butt was too big, and her bones were too long. The only time
she ever enjoyed herself with a man was with that kid, the boy toy that Wendy
ordered that first weekend. But he was so short and skinny. Much too short. But
it was something, the effect he had on her, the feelings.

But the women, geez, what a woman can do to a woman. When they were ordered to
kiss each other, Jennifer intentionally tensed all of her muscles to try to make
her face red so it would look like a blush, like she was embarrassed when, in
truth, she was excited, aroused, looking forward to every kiss and touch. And it
was fun and it felt nice and it turned her on. And fingers. And showering
together. And using sex toys. Everything she did with the other women turned her
on and gave her orgasms. Lots of them. Powerful ones that came easily. 'So I
guess I'm gay,' she decided, opening her eyes to look around.

Her thoughts had aroused her. She looked around, searching for a lover among the
women around her. Wendy thought she was gay but Jennifer knew better. The girl
was just bashful but otherwise perfectly normal. Maria was absolutely homophobic
and still resisted sexual activity with women even though that was a big part
the program of GWU. Maria fought her own body, trying to keep herself from
having orgasms that were pulled from her body. Kaitlyn was a little bomb waiting
to explode, a definite possibility. Katy loved everything and everyone but
Jennifer didn't want to interrupt her contemplation.

At 46, Laura was just beginning to reblossom. Hormone cream and physical fitness
were making her over into a whole new person from the one who showed up six
weeks earlier but she was so conventional and conservative. Laura enjoyed
physical sex with women but only when it was forced on her. Kim was so tiny. At
six feet plus, doing 69 with a five foot pixie just wasn't physically practical.
That left Debbie and Darlene. Both were hot. And both loved sex in all forms.

Jennifer chuckled to herself, imagining steam bubbles coming from her pussy now
that she felt heated up. Hot enough to explode at any minute. If she didn't do
something soon, she knew that she would need to get off with her fingers or
whatever was convenient and.. And right next to her was the sexiest woman she
had ever seen, sexy at fifty-plus. Clarice.

Jennifer had made love to seven of the women in the tub in dozens of different
ways plus some encounters with some of the other students in the school and some
of the staff. Well, one. Tina. Dominating her was one of the.. no, that was
definitely the number one hottest sexual experience of her life with the
possible exception of the boy toy, whatever his name was. But Clarice just oozed
sexuality and vitality and 'damn, I'm getting hot,' Jennifer realized as she
glanced at the woman next to her. 'I wonder what she'd do if I kissed her?'

Her mind went back to lessons, personal courage, willingness to try new things,
intimacy. 'Could I stand it if she rejects me?' Jennifer wondered. 'Of course I
could.' It was Clarice who taught them so much. Jennifer suddenly realized that
she felt a warmth toward the older woman who could be so cruel and loving at the
same time. She felt affection, maybe even love.

Suddenly, it was easy for Jennifer to slowly turn and kiss the post-menopausal
woman gently on the lips. Clarice's hand softly stroked up Jenn's side under the
bubbling water as she responded, opening her mouth to receive Jennifer's
tentatively advancing tongue. Jennifer marveled at how easy and natural it was
to deepen the kiss as they rolled toward each other into an easy embrace, buoyed
by the warm water and stimulated by the steamy bubbles that tickled as they
burst into smaller bubbles and floated along their naked flesh, covering both
women with goose bumps.

"That's going to give a whole new meaning to kissin' ass," Kaitlyn snickered
quietly as she stood up on the bench to get out of the tub, her skin wrinkled by
the long soak. Maria, too, got up and stood. Without inhibition, Kaitlyn used
her hands to squeegee water drops off of Maria's skin. Maria reciprocated with
only a bit of embarrassment, then climbed over the edge and down the ladder. She
and Kaitlyn added more sticks to the burner before they walked to the rock cabin
together.

Jennifer released Clarice from her embrace, knelt in the middle of the tub, and
lifted her lover's bottom to her face, putting one of Clarice's legs over each
of her shoulders. Clarice floated up naturally, her bottom was still half
submerged but her pussy above the surface so Jennifer could explore and arouse
her teacher.

'So this is what's different between having sex and making love,' Jennifer
realized as she continued her oral gratification of her teacher, trying to show
her appreciation with her hands, tongue, and lips. Neither was in any hurry and
their lovemaking lasted for over an hour. Clarice let her student bring her to
two very satisfying orgasms before they again embraced and kissed, necking like
teenagers for a while before leaving the tub to walk hand-in-hand along the
paths, wandering with no particular destination.

"Thank you," Clarice said softly, turning and standing on tiptoes to kiss the
tall young woman.

"No, thank _you_," Jennifer emphasized, returning the kiss. "I think I'm finally
beginning to understand."

"Good," the older woman smiled, kissing her student again but much more
passionately, increasing the pressure on their lips and attacking Jennifer with
her tongue. She ground her groin against Jennifer's leg and turned her body so
her pelvic bone ground into the girl's pussy. They fell to the ground in a
clover patch, the sweet smell adding to their passion. Clarice moved on top,
positioned her cunt over Jennifer's, and started grinding her pelvis as she
suckled one nipple and pinched the other. It was a raw coupling this time, two
women rutting in the dirt, frantic to get relief from the sexual tension that
they had built up.

But it was right, perfect, just as the gentleness in the tub had been perfect in
its time. And it was new to Jennifer. She had licked and fingered and dildo
fucked and used vibrators, but she had never experienced anything quite like
this grinding pussy fuck. Their passions rose until they exploded together in
mutual release, both arched against each other, crying out because of the
intensity of the experience.

Then they just held each other, loving the sweet smells and soft sounds of
nature, calming, basking in the warmth of the setting sun. At least for a few
minutes.. until the flies discovered their sweat and the bees began exploring
the fragrance between their legs and they had to run to the lake, giggling,
trying to beat off the insects.

-=*=-

"It's OK," Maria said to no one in particular.

Kaitlyn was the only other person in the cabin. She understood. "Yeah, it's OK.
Once we leave, we'll never have to make love to another woman but we'll
understand if a cousin is gay and we'll understand our sisters and brothers and
most important, we'll understand ourselves and our reactions."

"Yeah," Maria agreed, smiling, remembering a quote from one of their lessons.
'Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% how I react to it.' She picked a book
from the locker, 'The Claiming of Sleeping Beauty' by Anne Rice writing as A. N.
Rocquelare and went outside with a blanket to read. Kaitlyn got a notebook and
pencil to try to catch up on some of her assignments and to put some of her
thoughts down on paper.

When Darlene went for a walk, she saw Jennifer and Clarice making love in the
clover. She bent at the knees and masturbated furiously while she watched them.
She came long before they did and continued her walk, feeling better. It felt
even better when she upped her pace so she broke into a sweat and was just a
little bit out of breath, pumping her arms, feeling the 'burn' in her legs that
Lucy and Chris and Tina talked about during exercise classes. Damn, it felt good
to be alive.

Wendy and Debbie found each other up the path of the brook, each surprised to
find another human being in the shaded woods. Neither said a word as they walked
toward each other. And then they kissed, sharing a moment of tongue tips
swirling together. Then, without a word being spoken by either of them, they
broke the kiss and continued their walk hand-in-hand.

Laura read 'My Secret Garden' while perched on a rock, watching some of the
others frolic in the swimming hole. The stories of other women's fantasies
aroused her. She liked being aroused.

-=*=-

Some time around five, Peggy, the chief cook for GWU, drove a golf cart up to
the cabin and unloaded a big insulated containerof soup, a bag of styrofoam
bowls, plates, and plastic tableware, and several coolers containing drinks,
veggies for munching, and sandwiches. She left without saying a word to anyone.

Debbie was alone in the cabin when the food was dropped off. She hadn't thought
of food but the sight of the containers made her hungry. She opened the military
surplus container and found it contained a hearty beef and barley soup. She
ladled some into a bowl and sat down to eat, still reading a pornographic novel
from the footlocker as she ate.

The aroma from the soup drifted downhill to the lake and everyone soon joined
Debbie next to the cabin. Some brought out their sleeping bags to sit on, others
just plopped down in the clover. Clarice joined them for the light supper.

"Am I going to be punished for talking?" Kaitlyn asked Clarice.

"Of course," Clarice answered.

"I don't care."

"Good," Clarice told her.

"Any words of wisdom?" Kaitlyn asked her.

"I think you're figuring things out pretty well on your own," Clarice told them. 
"But I do have one bit of advice. The mosquitoes get pretty bad out here just 
before and after sundown. Stay inside then or you'll be eaten alive."

"Thanks," Kaitlyn smiled, giving Clarice a hug and kiss.

After supper, Clarice left, walking back to the school by herself, leaving the
women deep in silent thought. They formed naturally into pairs, not wanting to
be alone. One pair read, another wrote in their notebooks, another exercised,
another swam. But the pairs kept changing, everyone feeling the need for a
change at about the same time.

The only thing they would agree on after their experience in the retreat house
was that they hated the bathroom facilities... the relative lack thereof which
was just a two-holer outhouse well downstream and downwind from the cabin and
the lake, much too far from the cabin especially when it was dark. "You were
lucky it wasn't snowing," Clarice would later tell them. They all wondered if
nudity was enforced for winter classes.

A thunderstorm blew past just after sunset, cooling the inside of the cabin that
had been stifling in the July sun, muggy beyond belief. Everyone but Darlene was
spoiled by air conditioning at home and work. And by electricity. There was none
in the cabin. They couldn't read or write. So they just lay in the spaces that
each had claimed, thinking.

It was late when Kaitlyn said into the darkness, "I love you all."




Chapter Nineteen -- Get Ready for a Weekend Pass

Clarice brought donuts, milk, and coffee for breakfast at sunrise the next
morning. Everyone had to visit the outhouse, then wash their hands in the
spillway below the dam to prevent polluting the lake.

Clarice assigned a few tasks as she led a short discussion that morning. When
she was gone, they were free for the day to do whatever they wanted. No one had
to be told to exercise. After six weeks of vigorous physical conditioning every
day, they all craved a heart-thumping workout at least once. No one doubted that
they would be punished if they didn't finish the essays on their feelings and
plans and hopes but there was no pressure to complete the assignments.

They swam and soaked and masturbated and read and wrote and made love,
thoroughly enjoying the break. Each came to the desired conclusions, that trying
to be 'super woman' could only be sustained for so long and that they all needed
a break once in a while to recharge themselves. The alternatives, anger,
depression, fatigue, and such, simply weren't acceptable.

The schedule didn't say 'silent' for Thursday so lots of one-on-one and small
group discussions spontaneously occurred throughout the day about so many topics
that no one could keep track of them. In many cases, they were about odd things.

"Ever just watch bees?" Kaitlyn asked Debbie as both lay on their bellies in the
clover.

"No," Debbie admitted, looking up from her book.

"Watch. You can actually see what bee lines are." Together, they watched, noting
that the bees must be coming from and going to at least two hives, noting
patterns in the flight paths. They didn't even flinch when the insects checked
their ears for nectar or pollen.

-=*=-

"That book must really be hot," Laura teased Maria, finding the young woman
furiously stroking her clitoris with her right hand as she held her book in the
left.

Maria immediately dropped the book and tried to cover her nudity with her hands.
Then she laughed. "I still can't get, well, uninhibited," the girl giggled
bashfully, thinking that she had picked a place far enough from the cabin for
privacy.

"You were just being completely uninhibited," Laura told her. "It's not wrong to
want privacy. They made us do things in front of each other to find out if we're
exhibitionistic, if we get more turned on with people watching. You and I don't,
but I think Darlene, Jennifer, and Katy get a charge out of it. I bet you stifle
your orgasms when somebody's watching, even one of us, but when you're alone,
ker-POW! Am I right?"

"Yes, sometimes," Maria admitted.

"Then I'll leave you alone unless you'd like some help."

"No, thanks," Maria blushed.

"Didn't think so," Laura laughed. "I'll go find somebody else's pussy to lick."

"You don't think that I'm weird because I, well."

"No!" Laura laughed. "You're probably more normal than any of the rest of us.
You're you and I'm me. Think about that for a while and you'll discover how true
it is."

"Thanks," Maria told her. Then she added, "I really do love you, you know. I
just don't want to make love to you."

"I know. See you later."

-=*=-

"I can't believe I'm such a pervert," Kim said aloud as she emptied the
footlocker on the cabin floor.

"What makes you say that?" Darlene asked, licking her fingers before she began
to stroke herself again.

"Because I want something up my butt."

"I wouldn't mind that myself," Darlene told the tiny AmerAsian woman. "I'm ready
to tell Clarice I want to go back to the main buildings so I can take advantage
of the kinky stuff."

"Now you're talking," Kim laughed. "Never in a million years would I have
admitted that I actually liked a butt plug until right now when I don't have one
and I'm reading a book that talks about anal.. ah, what the fuck, ass fucking
and damn it, I want something up my poop chute while I frig myself."

"Come here," Darlene said, reaching out.

"What do you have in mind?"

"Come here and find out," Darlene told the woman, pushing a finger into her
pussy. Kim joined her on the sleeping bags and they began to kiss but soon
twirled into a 69 position, wetting a finger in a convenient pussy and pushing
it up a bottom while licking the nearest clit', alternating orgasms until they
were both exhausted.

-=*=-

A huge cooler filled with Chef's salad arrived for lunch along with an insulated
container for warm rolls and jugs of iced tea. There were still cans of soda in
another cooler from the night before. Clarice was the first to serve herself and
she sat down in the clover to eat, waving the flies away from her dressing
between bites. Kim was the first one to speak up, telling Clarice, "I'm ready to
go back."

"Just pick up your things and take them with you. The sleeping bags go in the
canvas bags by the back door in the laundry so they can be dry cleaned. The pads
go in the shed behind the gym."

Right after lunch, Kim and Darlene rolled up their things and walked back to the
main complex feeling refreshed. They talked some more as they walked. "I've
always been what I guess you'd call 'highly sexed'," Darlene said. "And I'm
getting off on everything, even the kinky stuff. Actually, especially the kinky
stuff."

"I'm looking forward to next week," Kim replied. "I know that the spankings are
supposed to be for punishment and they do hurt but I'll be damned if I don't get
hot after a spanking. For me, the real punishment is to not get off right then
and there."

"I'm not much for spanking but I bet I get off on bondage. Being helpless is a
real turn-on for me."

"And getting it up the butt," Kim snickered. "I don't know if I'll like anal
intercourse but I like the full feeling of having something just be back there.
Something small and nice. That last plug was too much. It hurt."

"It's having it just sit there that bothers me," Darlene told Kim. "I want the
thrusting. Dwayne and I tried it years ago and it hurt too much but I want to
try again as soon as they let us get together again. I bet I like it now."

"Especially if you diddle yourself while he does it, right?"

"Of course," Darlene laughed. "He loves it when I play with myself. He says it
takes the pressure off of him."

"But you're the champion of pussy pressure," Kim told her.

"Not that kind."

"I know. I was just kidding."

"I know that too, you pervert. Wanna make out when we get back?"

"Right after I find a butt plug and some grease."

-=*=-

By late Thursday afternoon, only two women were left at the cabin. Maria wasn't
ready to go back. "Do you want to be by yourself or would you like some
company?" Laura had asked.

"I'd be scared to death out here all night alone," Maria shivered, just thinking
about it.

They slept together, huddled in each other's arms. It was completely nonsexual
but something they both needed, especially when a violent thunderstorm blew
through just before sunset. They clung together, tensing with each clap of
thunder, talking about kids and being brave for them during storms. When the
lightning and thunder had passed, they went out to sit in the warm, steady rain
and watch the storm move on. The lightning in the distance was more beautiful
than a fireworks display.

Someone brought breakfast for two at day break, leaving it in the cabin before
the pair woke up. After they ate, they went down to the lake to bathe under the
spillway, both feeling naughty as they peed in the stream before taking a swim
in the little lake.

"I guess it's time to go back," Maria sighed. "I'm still kind of mixed up. I
hate everything, making love with women, touching myself with other people
around, putting things in my body or having it done to me, and getting spanked,
and everything. But it's like I.. Well, I hated regular school, too. Learning to
read was a pain but now I read all the time and enjoy it. So I guess learning
about sex is like that. Maybe if I learn it, I'll start to enjoy it."

"If you don't, so what? Just pick a guy who likes his sex simple and straight,"
Laura laughed as they walked back up the hill holding hands. "Or switch to my
pussy cream." It was still early morning.

-=*=-

With Clarice's permission, the students who went back early explored more of the
school's grounds and facilities. They saw the storage rooms full of sexy
clothing and sex toys and the security room where they found out that miniature
cameras had watched their retreat. An infrared camera inside the cabin even let
them see what was going on in the dark. "We had a woman break her ankle a number
of years ago," Tina explained, back from her Army Reserve duty to take over a
new class of freshmen. "And the women who went to get help got lost on the
paths. It took far too long to get help there so now we keep a closer eye on
things." "Do you watch everything?" Kim asked.

"Pretty much," Tina replied.

"So when I left that first night."

"Gwen had already been alerted before you were out of the building."

"And when Darlene escaped?"

"We planned it."

"Is everything planned?"

"Not quite," Tina laughed. "You guys really threw Clarice when the pussy cream
showed up in your room. It's yes and no. There's a program outline but it's
constantly modified depending on how things go. As a group, you guys are pretty
tough. There have been times when all that's happened for the first week is
hugging to keep kids from freaking out. There have been students who needed
professional counseling one-on-one when we found out that they'd been raped or
abused when they were little."

"By now, you know that everybody's different," Tina grinned. "But in some ways,
we're all the same. We each have a clitoris, two breasts, one mouth with a
tongue, two ears, and such. And to some extent, we all have similar feelings and
fears. Everybody needs to recharge. The retreat is part of the program.
Sometimes it lasts longer. Sometimes it's over in a day. But it's always there
sometime between the fourth and seventh week. When you get stressed out,
remember it."

"I can't believe I wanted to leave," Kim said then. "Well, actually, I can
believe I wanted to but I'm glad I came back."

"So are we," Tina grinned. "And we'd love to have you back as a staff member
someday. And before you graduate, you'll hear about our graduate programs. The
retreat house is open for recharging your batteries with or without your husband
when the school's not using it. Same with the cabins and such."

"That worries me," Kim admitted. "After, I mean. Everybody else talks about how
great it is with their husbands now but when I get with Roger on the weekends,
he's so selfish. I mean, I get off but only with my fingers. It's like he wants
a slave. He doesn't care about me at all, just himself."

"Let's hope that changes," Tina told her sympathetically, giving her a hug.

-=*=-

"It's midcourse final time," Clarice told them seriously. "So let's review your
progress. Whom shall I start with? Nobody likes being judged, especially in
front of a group, in this case, a group of nude women. Shall we draw numbers?"
Clarice took the ace through eight of diamonds from a deck of playing cards and
shuffled them together, then presented them to the women, starting with Kaitlyn.
She happily turned the card around to show the seven.

Jennifer ended up with the ace. She expected a lot of criticism but was pleased
when Clarice congratulated her. She was passing everything. Her strength and
stamina were up, she easily took penis-sized objects in her bottom, and she was
orgasmic. Her PC muscle stamina was improving satisfactorily and she was
learning her lessons in communications well. "All in all, you're super," Clarice
said with a smile. "You've earned a three day pass."

In fact, they all earned a pass, which Clarice explained was military style,
starting on Friday night and ending "at oh-dark hundred Monday morning, although
we would prefer you sign back in by midnight Sunday night when the new freshmen
arrive."

"Now, Good Wife University owns a couple of time-shares in Virginia Beach. One
has been set aside for you and your family," Clarice said, nodding toward
Darlene. "Dwayne and the kids will meet you there. It's a four-bedroom townhouse
just a few blocks from the beach. You'll ride up with one of our graduating
seniors whose husband has to work late. Now, you'll have to hurry and pack if
you want to meet them before suppertime. And Darlene, you will be graded on what
you take."

Darlene blushed, remembering classes on what men liked. But how could she wear
such things in front of her children? Lucy took her to a storeroom filled with
clothes and suitcases so she could pack.

"Now, the rest of you will be sharing a lodge. It has eight bedrooms off a big
common area. I think you'll like it. And now for some rules and guidelines,"
Clarice told them all. "First, for you single ladies, remember your morals. I
encourage you to seek male companionship but virgins should remain virgins.
Remember your lessons."

Maria smiled. 'Yeah, I remember Clarice's rules for single women.' Maria had
come close to losing her virginity with several boys after some tongue kissing
that got her excited so she was barely in control. And if it had happened, she
would never have even seen the penis that would have penetrated her. Rule one:
Know thy penis. Feel it. Stroke it. Look at it. Rule two: Keep your pants on if
his are off; make sure his are on if yours are off. Rule three: Feel before you
taste; taste before your fuck. Rule four: Orgasms count, yours as well as his;
if his interest is gone once he comes, he's gone. And soon. She wasn't sure she
even wanted a guy for the weekend. Maybe she would just relax and continue
recharging herself so she could endure the last six weeks.

"And the same goes for you married students," Clarice reminded them. "You will
all be graded on how much you've learned."

'A lady in public, a cook in the kitchen, and a whore the rest ofthe time,' Kim
thought. 'But where does slave come in?'

"All of you can now accept a cock in your backside with little or no pain. But
that's not required, this weekend or any other time if you have moral or other
objections," Clarice went on. "If you like it, go for it. If your husband likes
it and you don't mind, likewise. At least try it. But don't let him rape you.
Your body is still your body."

"I don't get it," Laura spoke up. "First you say we should always be available
to our husbands for sex and then you say 'no rape' and 'your body is your body'.
I just don't get it."

"I see you could use a little more education and contemplation," Clarice smiled.
"There's a fine line you have to draw sometimes but there are limits. What we've
tried to teach is to not withhold sex to manipulate your husband. But that
doesn't mean that you always have to do what he wants when he wants. If he's in
the mood for a long session and you're just plain pooped, tell him. Let him know
that a quickie to get him off will be fine because you're too tired to really
enjoy it. Give him a rain check for that long session."

"But if you're in the mood for some really great sex and all he wants is a
quickie, demand a rain check with a specific date and time. Make a date,
something to look forward to, to prepare for, to really enjoy. While I encourage
all of you to try anal sex, it's something you have to prepare for or it'll
hurt. Give it a try if you can but don't let yourself be coerced or forced into
it when you're not ready. Give him a great hand job and be ready the next time.
Now off to get packed, you guys."

"Ma'am, I really don't feel like..." Jennifer began.

"No backing out," Clarice told her. "You can turn down every guy on the beach
but you have to go. It's part of the program. Now git!"

In the clothing storeroom, Jennifer found the big and tall section. For the
trip, she picked out a bikini and pulled a baggy T-shirt over it plus a pair of
modest shorts. Conscious that she would be graded on her selections, she packed
for the weekend and carried the garment bag out to the van. Red helped put the
case in the back of the van and climbed into the driver's seat with Clarice in
the passenger seat. As usual, Clarice oozed sex even at 52, wearing a structured
halter to support her breasts and shorts plus high heeled wedgies on her feet.

Wendy wore a cute sundress with a bikini underneath. Maria chose modest shorts
and a tank top. Debbie looked sluttish in 'Daisy Dukes' and a halter-style
bikini top that barely covered her nipples. Kim wore Spandex short-shorts and an
exercise top. Kaitlyn looked darling in a terry romper. Everyone wondered what
she wore underneath. So would Bruce, Katy knew.

Laura ended up wearing a scooter skirt and a sleeveless blouse, hoping she
didn't look like a fat old lady trying to be sexy. She had seen other women who
were too big and too old trying to look like youngsters and she hated the look.

Red put the van in 'DRIVE' and they were off to Virginia Beach.




Good Wife University (GWU) bi bobi jo
Chapter Twenty -- Sweet Liberty

Bernadette, a new graduate of GWU, dropped Darlene off in front of a townhouse
that was half way down a cul-de-sac. Three kids immediately exploded out of the
door yelling, "Mommy!" Her two oldest were calmer and managed to walk out to
greet their mother in a more dignified manner.

"Where's dad?" Darlene asked.

"He's fixing dinner. We're bar-b-qing," David, her 8-year-old informed her.

"You know dad," Jennifer explained. "He never uses enough charcoal lighter and
ends up blowing on the coals for an hour to try to get them hot enough to cook."

"Now that sounds familiar," Darlene laughed, beginning to herd her brood toward
the entrance. "Think we'll be able to eat before dark? And how long have you
been here?"

"About an hour," Donald, her manly 11-year-old told her.

"So what can I do to help with supper?"

"Nothing," Jennifer replied. "Everything's ready except the burgers. The fridge
is full of stuff that's already made, potato salad, cole slaw, baked beans, even
a cheesecake for dessert. And there's lettuce and sandwich meat, stuff for
breakfast, you name it. It's kind of neat. And you look.. really good."

"Good?"

"Yeah," Jennifer told her mother, giving her a once over. "Like you lost weight
or something and, well, you just look good."

"Thanks," Darlene replied, pleased.

"Hi, sexy," Dwayne called, still fanning briquettes with a paper plate. A few of
them were finally glowing. "You look great."

"So I was told," she laughed, grinning at her oldest daughter.

"Will you hurry?" Jennifer complained. "We want to go to the beach."

Dwayne went ahead and threw hamburgers onto the grill. Dripping fat caught fire
and helped with the charcoal. Before long, burgers were well charred and the
kids were served. Remembering her lessons, Darlene chose a small one that was
well cooked and piled on lettuce, tomatoes, and pickles rather than cheese and
she munched on a green salad rather than the potato salad. She ate slowly while
the kids gobbled their food. Dwayne had finished two burgers before she threw
the last bite of hers away.

Dwayne had lost some weight, too. She worried that he wasn't eating right while
she was away but didn't say anything. Most of his beer gut was gone. He looked
pretty good, not emaciated.

They still had over an hour of daylight when the last paper plate was deposited
in the trash. The townhouse's garage contained a collection of bicycles for
transportation including two with child seats, one a mountain bike and the other
a tandem. There were helmets for everyone.

Jennifer, Donald, and David raced ahead. "I guess you have to be up front,"
Dwayne commented, looking at the tandem bicycle after securing little Crystal in
the child seat. "The guy who opened up for us said that the stronger and taller
rides in the back so he can see over the shorter driver. It puts me closer to
the drive wheel, too."

"You just want to look at my butt," Darlene teased. Then she realized what she
had said and blushed.

"You're right," Dwayne agreed, counter-teasing. It took a little practice and
coordination to get moving since neither of them had ever ridden a tandem
bicycle before, but 'a bicycle built for two' seemed romantic, just right for
the trip, even if they had to ride slow so that their six-year-old, Katy, could
keep up.

Darlene was scared to death of what came next as they locked the bicycles and
joined the rest of the kids who were under strict orders to wait for their
parents before going near the water. She had to strip down to a bathing suit in
public, one that she picked to tantalize her husband. But Darlene still felt
fat.

"Wow," Dwayne whistled. "You haven't looked this good since high school. Maybe
not even then. Are you..? You're not starving yourself or anything, are you? I
mean, you look.. terrific. Wow."

She had picked a one piece suit that was cut high on the sides, had a wide
support band around her belly, and had an underwired halter-style top. She was
conscious that it only looked good when she sucked in her tummy, but thanks to
lots of sit-ups and crunches, she now held in her stomach almost continuously,
even back at the school.

She saw that Jennifer definitely needed a new suit. Her suit squashed her
budding breasts but barely covered them. Actually, it would probably fit Katy.

The whole family frolicked in the rolling waves for an hour and stayed to watch
the sunset, then hurried back before darkness set in. After everyone showered
under the outside shower to remove sand and dirt, they put the younger kids to
bed and let Jennifer and Donald stay up to watch cable TV. Cable was a luxury
they couldn't afford at home. "Don't stay up too late," Darlene told them. "Your
dad and I are going to bed."

Once they were safely in the master bedroom with its private bath, Darlene
pumped up her courage, telling her husband, "Do you know what I've done in
school? Prepared my butt for your cock. Tonight, I want you to fuck me in the
ass, stud."

"You're serious," he realized aloud, taking his wife in his arms and kissing her
passionately for a while before stripping the still damp suit down her body.
"But I want to feast on you for awhile," he grinned, reaching down to gently
stroke her pussy.

"Well I want to do this right so I have to make a stop in the bathroom first,"
she told him, pushing him away. "In my mind I had already gotten ready but
realities bite again."

"You already showered outside," he reminded her. "You're clean as a whistle."

"Outside."

"Oh," he said, raising his eyebrows and smiling in understanding.

"I'll just be a minute," she said, running inside and locking the door with a
loud 'click'. There was no graceful way to use the prepackaged Fleet enema. She
ended up bent grotesquely with one foot on the toilet seat and the other on the
floor with her hands between her legs to insert the little nozzle and squeeze
the flexible plastic reservoir until it was empty.

"Are you all right?" Dwayne asked from just outside the door.

"Yes."

"Can I come in?" he begged softly.

"This isn't pretty," she told him through the locked door. "And it's kind of
humiliating."

"I love you even when you're full of shit," he chuckled softly and was rewarded
by the 'click' of the lock being released. He stepped inside to find his wife
standing, waiting.

"I kind of like feeling full of shit, mother fucker," she hissed at him with her
buttocks clenched.

"You look fantastic," he said again as he leaned down to suck on her nipples
until they throbbed and ached before trailing his tongue down her body to lick
between her pussy lips. "Taste pretty good, too," he teased, licking around her
vaginal opening where the nerves were most sensitive.

"You'd better be careful or I'll shit all over you."

"Promises, promises," he laughed just before she pushed him out of the way and
plopped onto the toilet to release the first of the liquid from her rectum in
short squirts. Then, her stomach grumbling loudly, she squirted the rest into
the bowl.

"This is embarrassing," she blushed.

"It turns me on," Dwayne told her, adding, "Everything about you turns me on.
Even this. What now?"

"That one broke up turds and cleaned me out kind of like rinsing dishes," she
told him shyly. "I need one more to be sure I'm nice and clean. They say some
guys like a little shit or butting up against a soft turd but I want to be
clean, at least this time."

"I'll go along with that," Dwayne smiled, realizing that she was telling him
that anal sex might become a regular part of their sexual repertoire. "Can I do
the next one?"

"OK," she answered, blushing again. "How do you want me?"

"Any way I can get you."

"I mean what position do you want me in?

"You tell me," he chuckled. "I've never done this before."

"Neither had I unless you count getting a couple of enemas when I was
constipated as a kid," Darlene told him, kneeling on the mat beside the tub and
bending forward to present her freshly wiped bottom to her husband. "And I never
thought about an enema being erotic. But at school, one time they made us hold
it in until we had an orgasm. I thought I was going to die. My stomach kept
cramping up and my intestines grumbled but the tension, you know, squeezing my
butt closed, that tension made.. ah, yes, it made it so powerful. It was.. yeah,
squeeze gently. Not too fast or I'll cramp up. It was memorable."

"Memorable is good," he chuckled as she knelt up and turned to face him. "Lay
down."

"No!" Darlene gasped. "I.. I couldn't hold it when I came and I squirted.. No,
Dwayne. Oh, gawd, NO!"

He had laid her on the bath mat and dove between her legs, feeling the cold tile
on his bare belly and thighs. The bathroom was small. Not much room. One of
Darlene's knees rested against the side of the tub, the other touched the
toilet. Dwayne's legs extended out the open bathroom door. He had his arms
wrapped around her thighs, holding on as she struggled.

"No!" Darlene gasped, feeling an intestine spasm. "Please, Dwayne, oh no, lover,
oh."

"I'll stop if you truthfully tell me this isn't turning you on."

"Oh, gawd, Dwayne, I.." she grimaced.

"That's what I thought," he snickered, again lowering his mouth to her pussy
lips. Dwayne quickly realized that the tension of clenched muscles added a new
dimension to the cunnilingus. He was determined to exploit that tension for her
pleasure even if he had to mop brown liquid from the floor. His logical mind
doubted even that, remembering that she had pre-washed her insides with the
first enema.

It seemed that every muscle was already tensed to the breaking point but
Dwayne's oral stimulation kept pushing that point farther and farther. Darlene
felt she couldn't possibly keep squeezing, her conscious mind willing her butt
muscles to keep her from messing the bathroom and further humiliating herself
and possibly destroying a wonderful weekend. No one had ever told her that pussy
nerves could bypass the conscious mind, especially when a loving husband's
tongue is stimulating those nerves, so the orgasm snuck up on her. Every muscle
in her body was wound tight, especially those around her pelvis. Instead of
bucking and crying out, the outward sign of her orgasm was that her body
actually vibrated with the intensity.

It was a different kind of orgasm because she still had to keep her bottom
clenched closed. She knew she had squirted some of her bowel contents out and
probably soiled her husband. She couldn't move because of her fear that she
would lose all control and flood the tiled floor. She couldn't even speak. But
she screamed, "Please, no!" when he picked her up.

And deposited her bottom onto the toilet ring. She voided instantly, a
half-quart of liquid blasting out as if her bottom had burst from too much
pressure. She was crying, the intensity of the orgasm followed seconds later by
relief from tension and.. Darlene became aware of herself. The muscles around
her anus were completely relaxed and nothing was coming out. Nothing could come
out. There was nothing left in there. The devilish staff at GWU. They knew.
That's why they made the poor students eat each other to orgasm while they were
full of soapy.. That's why it was so easy to get the dildos.. They planned..

It was like the Lamaze natural childbirth classes, tense and hold, then relax.
And like the relaxation and self-hypnosis classes the staff taught her in the
GWU classes. Except that none of them realized that holding in an enema through
an orgasm was a sure way to relax those muscles that needed to relax in order to
comfortably take a cock up their butt holes.

While her mind raced through a replay of what happened in the old school
buildings, Dwayne warmed the shower. He pulled his wife to her feet and guided
her into the tub and under the spray. They playfully washed each other, then
danced back to the bed where Dwayne pushed her back on the bed and began to eat
her again.

"Oh, no, Oh, yes," Darlene groaned, rocking her groin up to receive his oral
ministrations. "But wait," she panted, regaining enough composure to remember
what she wanted so much to do. "I left the Vaseline in the bathroom. Grease up a
finger and do my bottom. That gets me hot and it'll get me ready for you again."

"Don't move," Dwayne ordered, jumping up, his hard-on waving in front of him as
he ran to the bathroom to get the lubricant. The jar of petroleum jelly fell on
the floor. Dwayne snatched it up and was kneeling beside the bed in a flash,
lovingly lubing his wife's little puckered shit hole and spending several
minutes inserting his middle finger one knuckle at a time, then withdrawing
before going on.

Encouraged by Darlene's chants of, "ah, yes!" Dwayne gently started a sawing
motion with his finger as his tongue again moved between her puffy pussy lips.
He was delighted when he looked up and saw his wife squeezing her breasts and
pinching her nipples. It seemed completely natural to straighten his index
finger and tease her vaginal opening rather than just curling that finger out of
the way, which seemed a terrible waste, especially when he received an, "ah,
Yes, lover! Oh, that's so..."

She bucked her hips so fast that it seems she was vibrating again when this
orgasm came. And it took far longer than usual for her batteries to run down and
leave her limp, a subhuman puddle in the rumpled sheets that panted like a dog.
"I'm.. supposed.. to be.. pleasing.. you."

"You couldn't do anything more pleasing," he grinned, laying down next to her.

"Me? What? I don't get it."

"Call it 'the Christmas spirit'," he told her, nuzzling her chin with his nose.
"Better to give than receive. I can't think of anything I like more than making
you totally out of control like that. It's great for my ego. I enjoy every
orgasm you have."

"Me, too," she said dreamily, her brain high on endorphins. "But when are ya
gonna fuck my ass?"

"When we're both ready," he answered, cuddling with his wife.

Darlene felt her brain cells start to reconnect and her breathing slowed so she
just sounded a little out of breath. "I don't think that came out right," she
said.

"What?" Dwayne asked, confused.

"What I said."

"Oh," he laughed. "I thought you meant the enema or my finger."

"No, the other thing. The 'me too' thing." She wanted to think of some comical
snappy comeback but nerve cell synapses still failed to fire correctly. 'Damned
endorphins,' Darlene cursed mentally. "What I meant was that I like it when you
have.. When you shoot your wad because of me. It's like, well, a big part of
what being married is all about."

"You mean I can't fantasize about doing Michelle Pfeiffer?"

"Sure, as long as you pop off in or on me," Darlene giggled. "Do you have a
thing for Michelle Pfeiffer?"

"Among others."

"Like who?"

"Somebody who begged for a butt fucking."

"I'm ready. How about you?"

"I'm ready, willing, and able, ma'am," he said, saluting her. "And so is my
midshipman."

"Is that what that is?"

"So how do we go about this?"

"There are lots of ways but I want to watch this time," Darlene said, sitting up
on the bed and piling the pillows in the middle. "So you kneel down there and
let me get into position. Still got the Vaseline?" She leaned her back against
the pillows with her bottom positioned just over the edge of the bed. A month
earlier she couldn't have pulled her legs back far enough to make the position
work but she was now flexible enough to put her elbows behind her knees to keep
her body folded in half. "See anything down there that you like?"

"Everything I see down here I like." He stroked her pussy hair and belly
lovingly, then trailed his fingertips up the insides of her legs, raising goose
bumps and making her shiver in delight. But now he was growing impatient, the
ache of 'blue balls' in his groin reminding him of how long he had been erect
and ready without cleaning out his pipes. The gentle caresses ended as his left
thumb circled her clit and his fingers held pussy lips open so his right hand
could guide his cock into her.

"That's not my asshole, bubba," Darlene teased.

"I thought maybe you'd like this as a preliminary."

"It's nice but if you keep it up too long, I'm liable to tense up and it'll be
harder."

"I don't think this thing can get any harder."

"Well pop it in my poop chute and let's see."

"So you want it here?"

"Yes, but grease it up first."

"What?" Dwayne asked mischievously, "This or this," first holding up his hard
cock and then touching Darlene's anus.

"Yes, that _AND_ that," she laughed. "Both."

"Next time I'll bring my grease gun."

Her body twitched with excitement. The thought was so nasty, the idea of her
husband putting a mechanical grease gun in her bottom, of injecting her with...

"That might be faster but you're not working out of a flat rate manual now,"
Darlene reminded her mechanic husband.

"You mean I won't get paid?"

"You'll get docked if you don't get to work."

"Yez, ma'am," he said, pushing a glob of jell up his wife's bottom with his
middle finger. He dipped three fingers into the jar and spread the clear grease
over the head of his prick. Then he wrapped his pole in a fist and stroked a few
times to spread it evenly before he took aim at his target.

Darlene watched. She liked his cock. She strained, crunching her abdominal
muscles to try to tilt her bottom up enough that she could see him enter her but
women just aren't built that way. But when she felt his cockhead press into her
bottom, she pushed out 'like you're trying to shit out a turd,' as Clarice and
Lucy had taught her. Her bottom opened up to her husband's substantial cock.
When he slid inside, she felt no pain at all.

"I don't want to hurt you," he told her seriously, stopping when only the head
of his prick was beyond her sphincter.

"Believe me, stud, it doesn't hurt. And it's much nicer than a rubber dick. I
feel so nice and full."

"Play with yourself," Dwayne growled as he eased in, amazed at how tight she
was, at how much pressure encased his prick, at the slight burning sensation
that stroking in and out caused.

"But I've already come twice."

"I like to see you play with yourself," he told her through clenched teeth.

"And you like to watch me come, you pre-vert," Darlene giggled. She was enjoying
herself, willing her body to relax so there would be no pain. And there wasn't.
But she wasn't particularly turned on and didn't feel the need or desire for
another orgasm. This was for her husband, after all.

"Damned right I like to watch," he groaned, closing his eyes so he didn't even
see her lightly caress her nipples just before he blasted squirts of semen up
into her colon.




Chapter Twenty-one -- On the Beach

Dwayne and Darlene woke up to the sounds of children trying to cook breakfast.
Both decided that it would be wise to provide some supervision but they both
needed to clean themselves up first. It seemed wise to shower separately. A
joint shower might have caused delays and Dwayne insisted that Darlene go first
while he pulled on boxers to check on the kids.

This wasn't a hotel and she had no robe, so Darlene pulled a yellow terry cloth
beach cover-up over her head and tied the belt before she went out. The cover-up
was short, barely covering her bottom.

"Sexy," Dwayne commented as he headed for the master bedroom's private bath.

Once everyone was washed up and a breakfast of pancakes and bacon was ingested,
Darlene assigned cleaning chores to the kids and sat down with her husband and a
mug of coffee. He asked her, "So what do you want to do today?"

Her answer was, "Jennie needs a new bathing suit."

"Let's see," he grinned. "Using John Grey's translator, that means 'I want to go
shopping', right?"

It was only eight o'clock in the morning but someone was knocking on the front
door of the townhouse.

"Yes?" Dwayne said as he opened the door. "Oh, hi," he grinned when he
recognized his wife's younger classmates. "Come on in. Would you like some
coffee?"

"We came over to see if you'd like for us to baby sit so you guys can go off
alone," Maria explained.

"I'd love coffee," Wendy said, pushing past the Latino girl.

"Hi, Dar'. Having fun?"

"Definitely," Darlene grinned.

"I'm surprised you can sit down."

"I had good teachers," she grinned. "I feel great."

"Was it.. good?" Jennifer asked in a whisper.

"Fantastic," Darlene whispered back conspiratorially.

"Different from school?"

"Definitely," she told her classmate. "First, a real cock is, well, real. It
throbs and pulses and moves on its own because it's alive. I could have taken
Dwayne's pulse if I could count that fast. Or maybe it was my pulse. And then,
when he cums, it's like getting a mini-enema of slime that's kind of hard to
keep from dripping out, especially when your hole's well greased. My stud was
afraid he might hurt me so he used about a half a jar of Vaseline."

"Did you get off?" Wendy asked.

"Not while he was up my butt," Darlene admitted to them. "But I didn't need to.
He licked me off twice, once while I held in an enema and you know how intense
that is."

"Did you lose it?" Maria asked, remembering the humiliation of losing control.

"Almost but just a squirt."

In whispers, the four women shared secrets around the breakfast bar while
sipping coffee. Dwayne and the kids instinctively knew that they weren't welcome
except for Darlene's daughter Jennie who moved in close with her orange juice.
Seeing her standing there uncertainly, the older Jennifer reached out and pulled
her in close, asking, "Do you understand what you're hearing?"

"Not all of it," the girl admitted.

"Give it time," Maria smiled. "You have plenty."

"So do you," Darlene told her.

"I know."

"Well, little Jennifer, you won't have to watch your younger brothers and
sisters today because we're taking over. You can come along if you want," Maria
informed the girl, remembering her own puberty as an oldest of many children.

"We're taking her shopping for a new swimming suit," Darlene told the women.

"I get to pick it, right?" Jennie asked quickly, furrowing her brows into a deep
V.

"Sure," Darlene told her daughter. "Ready to go?"

"And are you guys ready to go to the beach?" Jennifer called out to the younger
children who seem awed by her stature.

"Yeah!" they all yelled, jumping up to get sand buckets, towels, and such. Then
they ran to their bicycles and were off with the three GWU students in close
pursuit yelling for the younger kids to watch for traffic at the entrance to the
cul-de-sac.

"They'll be all right," Darlene said to her husband, trying to also reassure
herself. "Well, are we ready to go?"

"Only if I _really_ get to pick my own suit," Jennie insisted firmly. "Dad
wanted me to get one that made me look like a little girl."

"A lady," her father said, trying to remain calm.

"She's growing up," Darlene reminded her husband.

"I know," Dwayne sighed. "And she wants to show everyone."

"Which she might as well while she has the body for it."

"OK, smarty," he challenged. "You get to approve her suit but I get to pick one
for you and you'll wear it, agreed?"

"OK," Darlene smiled. She knew he had something in mind. She wasn't too sure she
would like it but her husband was sometimes overprotective of his oldest
daughter and if she could loosen up his control a little, then it would be worth
it.

"And not just in the closet or the house," Dwayne added firmly.

"I said OK," Darlene told him, a bit miffed.

"You'll wear it to the beach."

"_OK!_"

The shops along the beach and boardwalk were expensive, so Dwayne drove them out
to where there were ordinary shopping centers, malls, and discount stores.
Although it was mid-summer, almost everyone had already bought a swimsuit for
the season. The family was pleased to find summer sales everywhere and a good
selection.

Although she was already tall for her age and reasonably proportioned for a
teenager, Jennie insisted she wanted a two piece suit cut high on the sides "to
make me look taller" and a top "that shows I'm real, that it's really me and not
padding even if it's not that much." She made herself blush when she chose a
couple of skimpy suits to try on and the salesgirl guarding the changing rooms
didn't help when she told Jennie loudly to leave her underwear on when she tried
on the suits. Dwayne browsed through the lingerie and swimsuits. He wasn't sure
what he was looking for, but knew he would recognize it when he found it.

They moved on, mostly because the women didn't like the sales people or how the
suits were displayed. Two discount department stores later, they decided to try
something different and stopped at a store in a strip mall that advertised
'Thousands of Suits Under $20' on the banner out front.

As they walked in, Dwayne immediately noticed a slender exotic looking black
woman in her thirties modeling a suit for a young man who looked college age.
They were all surprised when she called out, "I'll be with you in a sec'!"

Hi," the woman said in greeting, "Welcome to 'Best Bod'. I'm Candi. My sister, a
couple friends, and I own and run it so we know it well. Wearing our products is
just a gimmick to draw customers. We also design and custom manufacture some of
our swimming suits and we also have dance outfits, 'club wear', and exercise
clothes. We're all fitness nuts," she explained. "So what can I show you?"

"We're just browsing," Dwayne told her.

"For which, or should I say who?" she asked, looking back and forth at Darlene
and her daughter.

"Both," Dwayne replied for them.

She smiled and looked at young Jennifer, asking, "Fully covered, revealing
one-piece, not so revealing two-piece, a bit skimpy, really skimpy, or barely
legal?"

"Maybe a little skimpy," the girl blushed, glancing uncertainly toward her
father.

"Why don't you start on the clearance rack. I bet your dad'd love it if you
found something for ten bucks," she said,gesturing to some racks with big 'SALE'
signs.

"Divide and conquer," a blond beauty in a stunning leotard and heels laughed
from next to Darlene. "I'm Celeste. Same question. On a scale of fully covered
to barely legal, where do you want to start?"

"Just let us look around," Dwayne said, becoming exasperated.

"OK," the girl said cheerily, walking away to approach a teenaged couple who had
just come in. "Hi, what can I show you? Do you want a suit that covers you up or
shows you off?"

"The itsy bitsiest suit you have," the boy said, grinning.

"As long as it won't get me arrested," the girl added.

"And you get to choose it?" Celeste asked, raising her eyebrows.

"She lost a bet," the boy explained.

"Right this way," Celeste chuckled.

Dwayne browsed through some racks of suits, attracted by the suits on the
manikins above them. There really were thousands, displayed on racks four tiers
tall. Darlene looked around for her daughter until the same woman who first
spoke to them approached, saying, "Hi, I'm Brandi. What can I help you find?"

"I said we're just browsing," Dwayne told the sales girl angrily.

"Brandi. And Candi. You're twins," Darlene laughed. "You didn't tell her, hon'.
You told her sister."

"Well we're just looking," Dwayne snapped out.

"Go ahead and look," Brandi said, striking a pose with one hand on her hip and
another behind her head to show off the skimpy cherry-red bikini she was
wearing. "And you come with me," Brandi told Darlene. "He'll never find anything
for you here. All these suits are for girls with little or no top."

"I was looking for my daughter," Darlene told her, holding back.

"The cute brownette with the long hair," Brandi grinned. "I should have seen the
resemblance. She's back by the mix and match section. I'll show you."

That's where they stayed. 'Best Bod Custom' was 32 styles of top, 24 bottoms,
and 16 colors in four different fabrics. Jennie was looking at herself in the
mirrors, semi-clad in a stunning little dark navy bikini. "I like it," she
giggled.

"But will you wear it?" Candi asked her.

"Here I will," Jennie replied. "I don't know about at home. It's kind of small."

"Want to try this bottom?"

Dwayne tagged along. He cringed when he saw his daughter. She was a knock-out in
the little bikini. He felt embarrassed as his cock filled with blood and quickly
looked elsewhere until his eyes fixed on his wife. "You need a suit like that,"
he told her.

"Their coloring is similar so the color would be good, but their bodies are
different enough that it won't work," Candi or Brandi told him. He had forgotten
which was which. "Why don't you try on the same suit and show him."

He had to agree. It was sexy seeing the sides of his wife's boobs squeezed out
the side of the skimpy top but not really very attractive. It made her look fat
and after six weeks of exercise, she had lost most of her fat and was now just
curvy and, in his mind, gorgeous.

They blew Dwayne's budget. He let Jennie get the skimpy custom fit suit plus a
string bikini from the sale rack that wasn't quite as skimpy, a boy-leg
two-piece with an exercise style top, and a stretchy tank-dress cover-up. He
even sprang for 'jelly wedgies', colorful plastic shoes with a wedge heel.

For Darlene, they chose a top that was one continuous loop of fabric that was
widened and shaped in appropriate places to snuggle and support her breasts
without pads or underwires. It was put on like a vest with a simple plastic hook
in front to close it. Dwayne chose two bottoms, one T-back thong that was
illegal in many places and another that provided a little butt coverage. Both
had hooks at the sides "for easy removal," Dwayne kidded. And, of course, a navy
tank-dress and jelly wedgies like Jennie's were added to the pile.

Back at the townhouse, they changed. Dwayne reminded Darlene that she had agreed
to wear whatever suit he chose and he chose the thong. Jennie picked her skimpy
custom suit. Both women pulled on their cover-ups for the bicycle ride down to
the beach. Darlene was acutely aware that her bottom was exposed as she leaned
over the handlebars and 'pedaled her ass' to the beach with her husband right
behind her on the tandem bike.

At first, Darlene and her daughter were embarrassed by the looks that boys and
men gave them. Leers. Ogles. Stares. But they soon relaxed and even enjoyed the
attention, especially Darlene. Dwayne made sure that his wife's previously white
skin wasn't uncomfortably burned. That might ruin their weekend. He spent the
day rubbing suntan lotion on her exposed skin. Sensuously. Deliciously.
Wonderfully.

Darlene and her daughter joined Jennifer, Maria, and Wendy in a beach volleyball
game with four college age men that the women had met. One of the young men had
a fifteen-year-old younger brother who was immediately taken with Jennie.

Dwayne said he didn't mind watching the kids. But he didn't spend much time
watching them, even when he was helping them build a giant sandcastle. His eyes
seldom left the area of the volley ball game. Five gorgeous women. Jumping.
Bouncing breasts and fannies. He smiled. His wife was no slouch when it came to
beauty, her maturity contrasting nicely with the youngsters' bodies.

Supper was uneventful. The younger students joined the family for more
sandwiches, chips, and veggie munchies, followed by another trip to the beach to
play in the surf until the sun was nearly set.

The children all fell asleep early, exhausted by their fun at the beach. All
except for Jennie. She watched the end of an HBO movie with Jennifer, Wendy, and
Maria, making popcorn and acting as the hostess.

Darlene felt restless. "Let's take a walk," she suggested to Dwayne.

"If you'll wear your bikini," he challenged.

She agreed. The on-shore breeze was a little chilly but not too uncomfortable,
especially when Dwayne gave her his flannel-lined windbreaker. He wore his
all-purpose shorts that he also used as swim trunks and a sleeveless sweatshirt
with a hood.

They walked slowly down toward the beach, talking as they went, covering every
possible subject: the kids, camps, Dwayne's job, money problems, you name it.
Darlene blushed when a carload of teenagers yelled, "Nice ass." They circled the
block for another look, the car moving at walking speed behind them.

"Dwayne, they're following us."

"I know."

"I'm scared."

"Don't be. They're just admiring that gorgeous ass of yours." They could hear
the comments.

"Geez, it looks like she's not wearin' nuthin'."

"Look at that wiggle!"

"Un-fuckin' believable. Man, would I like to get my hands on those cheeks."

Darlene finally admitted to herself that she loved the idea of having her body
admired by teenagers.

The car turned up the beachfront lane as Dwayne and Darlene continued onto the
beach. Once Dwayne had turned his wife away from the glow from the town's
lights, his hands began to caress her. He playfully moved behind her to cup her
breasts through the light jacket.

Darlene wanted to feel his hands on her, not through layers of nylon shell,
flannel lining, and bikini knit, so she unzipped the jacket and unhooked the
front hook of her top. Her husband's hands immediately took advantage of the
opening as he nuzzled her neck from the back, whispering, "I want you. Right
here. Right now."

"There are people around," Darlene whispered back nervously. They had passed two
or three couples in the darkness, just vague outlines. But they were there --
close.

"I don't care," he growled in a voice that was barely perceptible over the sound
of the waves rolling in. They laid down in the sand which still held some heat
from the sun so it was warmer than standing in the on-shore breeze. Dwayne
immediately tugged down Darlene's bottom and began feasting on her pussy.

'Tension does it for me,' Darlene realized. She was nervous. Scared. Afraid of
being caught and arrested for public indecency or licentious behavior or some
such charge. Tense. And very, very aroused. 'It must be tension,' her mind said
as her hips instinctively bucked up to increase the pressure from her husband's
skilled tongue on her very wet pussy. "Fuck me," she begged him in a whisper so
quiet he didn't hear the first time. "Please fuck me now."

He heard her. He pulled his bathing shorts down his thighs and buried his cock
in the warm, wet pussy, amazed when he sank in half way before even feeling any
friction. One more thrust left their public hair tangled.

So daring, writhing on the beach. Darlene felt every grain of sand under her
bottom as she ground her pelvis into her husband, gasping at the feelings. She
was going to come. She knew it. No way to miss the signs. He was leaning up over
her, his cock pressed against the top of her sopping cunt, alternately thrusting
and grinding. And getting to her clitoris in ways that normally required a
finger or...

"Yeah, just like that. Shit! Fuck me," she whispered between shrill grunts and
whimpers of pleasure. "Oh, gawd, Yes!" She was rocking her pelvis, grinding her
crotch into her husband's pelvis, rubbing her clit with the contact. "Yes! Oh,
fuck, shiiitt, da.. a.. amn!"

She clung to him, hump-bump-hump-grind-gasp, moving for just the right amount of
friction, of stimulation, of loving contact with the man she loved. "Baby, oh
baby, that was _SO_ good," she sighed, quickly asking, "But you didn't come. How
do you want it?"

"Blow job?" he asked uncertainly, sitting back on his haunches.

"Anything for you, lover," she told him. He stood up and she used his legs to
pull herself to her knees.

"Don't make me wait," he told her softly, groaning through his clenched teeth.
"I need to come."

Darlene needed relief from the tension of being naked on the beach, her bikini
bottom discarded somewhere in the sand and her jacket and top open so her
nipples brushed Dwayne's thighs as she slurped down on his cock and swished her
tongue sideways as she pulled back, firmly pressing his prick with her lips. All
seemed right with the world as a wave gently washed up, flicking them softly
with cool water as she ministered to her lover.

He didn't tolerate her sensuous fellatio for long before he grabbed the back of
her head and began panting, "yes, yes, yes, ah, fuck, yes," in time with his
thrusts, going faster and faster until he shot hot sperm into his wife's mouth
with a final gaspof "aaaahh, yeessssss." Dwayne pulled her up into his arms and
hugged her tightly.

"Encore, encore," a male and female voice began chanting quietly from the
darkness only fifteen or twenty feet away. Their chant was accompanied by soft
clapping. And then three or four other couples from different directions and
distances joined in quiet applause, an ovation of thanks for the sensuous
performance.

Darlene clung to Dwayne, burying her face in his chest. "No one could really see
anything," Dwayne tried to reassure his sexy wife. Then he teased, "Shouldn't we
take a bow? Come on. Hands up. 'Ta-da'. Now.. bow low."

Darlene knew what he was doing... and what she was doing. Once everyone's eyes
were used to the darkness, they could make out vague outlines of the features on
the beach and even the other couples nearby. Lifting their arms also lifted her
breasts, showing those who were looking that her breasts were bare. Their bow
let her breasts hang down, silhouetted against the dim glow in the mist and
humid air. She wondered if anyone could tell that her nipples were hard or that
she was getting aroused all over again. Could anyone see Dwayne's cock? Was he
getting hard again? Was he half as turned on as she felt?




Chapter Twenty-two -- No Bikini Atall

Darlene and Dwayne clung together, sensing others moving around them in the
darkness. "I guess we better get back and check on the kids," Dwayne sighed,
pulling up his shorts and zipping his sleeveless sweatshirt.

"They'll be all right," Darlene giggled softly. "The girls are there."

"They said they were going out about eleven."

"Well, Jennie is responsible enough for a little while."

"She's growing up so fast," Dwayne sighed.

"Too fast," Darlene chuckled, remembering the bikini and how ravishing their
teenage daughter looked in it. "Hey, where are my bottoms?"

"The waves must have washed them away," Dwayne told his wife.

She felt a surge of panic, adrenaline pumping so she flushed with a combination
of fear and something else. "I can't walk back to the townhouse bare assed!"

"Maybe this will help," Dwayne told her with an evil snicker, pulling something
from the pocket of his sweatshirt. "I found it in your bag."

'It' was a sex toy, a vibrator encased in soft, red, semi-transparent rubber
that was molded with a short fat dildo for insertion and a wedge of rubber
nubbins above it designed for clitoral stimulation. The outside of the thing was
smooth, designed to be undetectable under a pair of pants. It had attached
straps, a belt to go around the waist and a crotch strap to hold it in place.
Thin wires came out of the top of the molded rubber to connect to a battery box
and control.

"I..." Darlene felt a surge of excitement. She loved Joni's Butterfly and
similar vibrators. Experimenting with sex toys was part of the curriculum at GWU
and she had tried many of them but she hadn't tried the one Dwayne held. She
wanted to; that's why she put it in the bag. She thought he might think it was
sexy.

"In the dark, nobody will be able to tell it's not a thong bottom," he told her,
trying to sound reassuring.

"It's better than nothing," she agreed, tingling all over at the thought of
someone recognizing her state. Fear crept in, too. What if it was a cop who
recognized that what she wore wasn't clothing? She might be handcuffed and led
away to a police station. They might take photographs of her wearing 'it' for
evidence. All those thoughts just increased the arousal she felt as her husband
helped her step into 'it', pulling the wide elastic waist strap up her legs as
if he were pulling up a G-string or thong panty. "Oh, Dwayne," she moaned softly
as he pushed the short rubber shaft into her sopping cunt, using his fingers to
spread her labia so the ridge of little nubbins pressed firmly against her
clitoris. It actually covered as much of her as the thong bottom that she lost
in the waves.

Dwayne kept the battery box and control in the pocket of his sweatshirt. She was
tethered on a two-foot wire. He put an arm around his wife and pulled her close
as he guided her into the dry, loose sand a bit up from the wet sand where waves
gently lapped. After going a short ways, he turned her to face the ocean. She
gasped as he nudged the control up so 'it' vibrated gently against her clit.

"Oh, honey, no," a female voice softly begged from the sand between them and the
water's edge. If they looked carefully, their eyes caught shadowy impressions of
another couple making out on the beach. Dwayne moved behind his wife and pressed
'it' more firmly against her mons with one hand, the other hand moving inside
her jacket and under her bikini top to caress her breasts.

Tension. Sexual tension. 'What a turn on,' Darlene thought, fighting to remain
silent and still as 'it' hummed in her pussy and against her clit. Outdoors. In
public. So what if it's pitch black? It's not _that_ dark. She could make out
the couple less than thirty feet away, now rolling in the sand in a deep kiss.
As they watched, she could see... Yes, she was kneeling. He was behind her. And
Dwayne was behind her. Was everybody on the beach at midnight horny? Fucking?
Yeah, the couple was fucking doggie style right there in front of them while
'it' was doing delicious things to her.

"MMmmmm," Darlene moaned, her teeth clenched, her lips pressed together to
stifle the sound, her legs clasped together. And her diabolical husband backed
off on the control, leaving her horny and frustrated. And she couldn't make a
sound as Dwayne's handgently and slowly rocked 'it' in little circles against
her, therubber shaft stimulating the entrance to her vagina, keeping heron a
sexual high without giving her any relief.

The couple out there was getting close. Both were panting and the sounds of bare
flesh smacking against bare flesh were getting faster and faster. A gorgeous
half moon was just rising over the ocean, giving Dwayne and Darlene a perfect
silhouette view of the couple as their passion neared its peak. It was obvious
when the guy came, the slapping sound stopped and a soft "nggaa" sound emanated
from deep in his throat. Movement stopped. A snapshot of a couple in rear entry,
frozen as an unknown penis spurted into an anonymous cunt on the beach.

Dwayne moved his hands to clap softly. "Shit," the guy snapped and "Oh, fuck,"
the female voice let out as the couple jumped up and ran. "My top," they heard
as the young couple retreated. But Darlene saw that she wouldn't be too
embarrassed. The girl was pulling down on a shirt as the couple ran up the
beach, tripping and falling in the loose sand, giggling as they got up. Darlene
couldn't tell if the girl wore her bottom but she suspected that she did or...

"Oh," she gasped as Dwayne moved the slide control to make 'it' hum against her
clit again, then backed off. "You're going to drive me nuts," she whispered.

"I hope so," he answered softly, twirling Darlene around to kiss her deeply for
a minute, grinding his thigh against 'it' so Darlene thought she was going to..
But then he backed off, put his arm around her, and led her on up the beach
toward a dune where they heard.

As they topped the dune, they saw the glow of charcoal in a depression between
the dunes and vague outlines of some people half sitting, half reclining around
it. Open fires on the beach were banned but the college students who partied on
the beach were allowed to burn charcoal in low grills. They were asked to empty
the dead coals in pits far from the sandy beach and most complied. Dwayne and
Darlene were close enough to hear the voices now. Darlene recognized some of
them.

"You shit," Maria's voice whimpered. "You fucking shit. I told you I was going
to stay a virgin and I am. I wasn't going to leave you with blue balls, you
mother-fucking asshole."

"Shhh," came a hiss from another young woman who was embracing Maria. Darlene
knew it was Jennifer who held Maria from the tall, lanky frame. "It's all
right," she cooed to the distraught Latino girl.

"You guys blew it," Wendy told the group. "We came out here prepared to give you
the best hand jobs you ever had and maybe even a blow job or two if you were
real nice and what do you try to do? You try to fuck when we said that we didn't
want to do that! It was nearly a date rape and you're all shit."

"Paul's sorry," one of the other guys said.

"Damn it, why'd you have to spoil it?" Wendy whimpered. "You know, it wasn't
long ago that I was afraid I was gay and I was getting turned on with you,
Mort'."

Darlene recognized the name. He was one of the guys they played volleyball with
in the afternoon.

"And the touching and kissing felt great and I, geez."

"We're sorry. But what can we do?"

"First, pour out the beer. All of it," Jennifer said. "It's your choice. Get
high on us or get high on beer but not both. You're not showing a lot of
character, you know."

"We're not drunk," a new male voice said defensively.

"You might not be but Paul is."

"Not any more," Paul groaned. "That knee to my nuts got me sober real quick."

"You deserved it," Jennifer told him.

"Look, I'm sorry."

"Sorry's not good enough," Wendy snapped.

"I guess we better go," Mort' sighed. "Who has the flashlight?"

"Wait a minute," Wendy told him. "I didn't say it was over. Two of you acted
like human beings. Greg, you did turn me on and I'd like to stay and get to know
you. And your cock." She giggled. "Guys, we're not in love with you or anything.
You know us girls. We've got to be in love and preferably married before we go
all the way, at least I do. You might have found some 'Suzi slut' to fuck you
and probably give you the clap or AIDS but nice girls wait. But I, for one, am
curious about sex, cocks, and everything. Even though I intend to be a virgin
when I get married, I don't want to be a stranger to sex. I know how to get
myself off and I want to know how to get guys off so I can be a good wife
someday."

"But Paul's got to pay," she told them, changing her tone. "We can't have a
potential rapist go unpunished. If _you_ want to stay, you have to let us tie
you up and spank you."

"You've got to be fuckin' shittin' me," the boy named Paul said.

"Nope," Wendy told the whole group. "If you agree, I promise you'll get off.
I'll do it myself. Otherwise, leave. Now."

"You're serious?"

"I think he ought to get us all off," Jennifer said.

"With 'is tongue," Maria said, now calmed down.

"So what's it going to be, Paul?" Wendy demanded, standing with her fists
punched into her hips.

"Don't blow it for the rest of us," Mort' snarled.

"OK," Paul agreed.

"Turn around," Wendy snapped. He stood up and complied, crossing his wrists
behind his back so Wendy could tie them.

"I was wondering about that," Greg laughed. "I was afraid you guys brought rope
or chains."

"A scarf works just fine," Wendy said.

"The silk feels kind of nice," Paul chuckled.

"Your spanking won't," Wendy told him. "What do you say, girls? I say we spank
him until he gets us all off with his tongue. Do you want to be first, Maria?"

"No, last," she answered softly.

"Then I'll go first," Wendy said, untying the strings at the side of her bikini
bottom, then her top, laying them on the tote bag from which she had pulled the
scarf. Then she fished around in the tote for the baggie marked 'safe sex'. It
was full of condoms and dental dam squares, one of which she removed and spread
over her mons, smoothing the wrinkles until it conformed perfectly to her skin
and the contours of the inside of her pussy. "Come here, Paul," she cooed,
crooking her finger at him as she settled into one of the two reclining beach
chairs to get comfortable with her legs widely spread to reveal her rubber-clad
muff in the dim moonlight.

"He almost rapes Maria and he's getting all the pussy," Greg grumbled under his
breath.

"More rules," Wendy announced as Paul went to work, urged on by her hand gripped
in his hair. "One of each couple has to keep their pants on. And there's safety
in numbers and we're sticking together so if you can't hack doing it with
somebody else watching, you can leave now. Damn, you're not bad with that
tongue."

"How'd you like some titty?" Jennifer asked Greg naughtily. "Wendy's never had
three guys at once. If you'll suck on her titties, I promise you'll like the
reward."

Greg and Mort sprang up to kneel on each side of Wendy. Their touch was
tentative at first, gentle licks and caresses to her small but firm B-cup
breasts. As they did their best to give Wendy pleasure, Jennifer fished around
in the tote for a bottle of lotion. After removing her top, she put lotion on
her breasts and pressed them against Greg's bare back. Reaching around, she
fumbled with the tie inside the waistband of his trunks for a minute before she
managed to push them down and begin stroking his erect member with her right
hand.

"Are you still feeling neglected?" she purred into his ear so softly that
Darlene couldn't hear what she had said.

He lifted his head long enough to mumble, "What I'm feeling definitely isn't
neglected." Jennifer smiled and pushed his head back down to Wendy's chest.
Wendy let out a moan when he resumed suckling her nipple.

"Asshole," Maria spat, slapping Paul's bottom as hard as she could with her bare
hand. "You're lucky I don't have a whip," she snapped, giving him another slap
on the other cheek before taking off her top and imitating Jennifer, oiling her
breasts with the baby oil from the bag and lowering Mort's suit.

Darlene's moans were covered by the sounds being made by the six-person group
grope taking place so close to them. Pressed against her back, Dwayne controlled
her arousal with a combination of 'it' and his hands, again and again bringing
her closer and closer to an orgasm but always backing off before she got there
so she was whimpering in frustration but afraid to beg for release.

"This," Wendy said sternly, pointing with a finger as she held Paul's head by
the hair a foot from her crotch, "is my clitoris. If you want to make me come,
it's there that you need to lick." She pulled his face forward again. "A little
higher, st.. OK, asshole. Feel the little knob? That's it. Yeah, that's my clit.
Oooh, yeah. All around now. Oooh, not right on top yet, all around. Swirl.
Forget my hole for now. Swirl. Harder. Make your tongue stiff. Oh, yeah!"

"No!" Greg snapped suddenly, kneeling up. "I.. ah, shit!" Jennifer pumped him
hard as his pelvis jerked and he sent a dozen spurts of cream into the sand.

"Don't worry, lover," Jennifer cooed into his ear loudly enough for Darlene to
hear. "I think I might like to try sucking on this thing later and you'll last
longer the second time around. Your asshole friend will just get a hand job.
That's part of his punishment for being such an asshole. Look. He's getting
Wendy close. Want to suck her titty or would you like to watch me do it?"

"You? You?" Greg stammered.

"Yes," Jennifer told him. "We went to an all girls school. With no guys around,
we had to get off somehow. Want to watch?"

"Yeah," Greg grinned. "That'd be hot."

Jennifer giggled as she knelt next to her friend and took the hard, throbbing
little nipple into her mouth and bit gently before she sucked hard. Then she
nuzzled up at Mort's face until he lifted his head. She tongue kissed him right
over Wendy's face for a minute, then returned to Wendy's nipple, making her
friend groan and pant.

"That's it. Right there! Harder! Faster! Yeah, right.. Oh, yeah, faster! Oh,
gawd! Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh." Wendy grunted rhythmically, digging her heels into
the sand to hump against Paul's face as she came violently in the moonlight.

"Nnnngggaaah," Darlene exploded, unable to remain quiet as Dwayne mercifully
used his hands and 'it' to throw her into one of the most powerful orgasms she
had ever experienced. She would have collapsed into a heap if Dwayne hadn't had
his arms around her to lower her gently to the sand, sitting between his legs.

"What was that?" Paul gasped, lifting his head.

"Just somebody getting off on watching you eat pussy," Wendy giggled, yanking
hard on his hair so he would finish her up with some licking around her whole
groin area. "I kind of like the idea of being watched, of somebody else getting
off on me."

"That sounded like Darlene," Maria said aloud, looking back over her shoulder.

"If that's you, Darlene, come on down and join us," Wendy called out softly,
feeling brave and liberated.

"No, Dwayne," Darlene hissed as her husband lifted her and urged her forward.

"Yes, my love," he said softly but clearly. "I'm a voyeur and you're both a
voyeur and an exhibitionist so come on."

"Oh, this is so embarrassing," she groaned unconvincingly as they reached the
bottom of the little depression, where Wendy reintroduced her to the guys who
remembered her well but refrained from making any crude comments about her
luscious bottom, large breasts, and small bathing suit. "I'm a married lady,"
she explained as Dwayne forced her to sit down in the sand. "This is my husband,
Dwayne."

"Hi," he said.

"Hi," the younger men replied, all except Paul whose mouth was still being held
against Wendy's lower belly. Greg stammered, "I thought she was, you know,
unattached."

"Don't worry about it," Dwayne told them. "I love the idea that my wife can
still turn on you guys. Makes me proud of her."

"You otta be," Mort agreed. "She's a fox."

"Please, you guys," Paul begged as soon as Wendy released his hair. "My nuts
ache something fierce."

"That's what happens when you don't take 'no' for an answer," Maria spat at him.

"Not from your knee," he groaned out. "From being hard so long. I've got blue
balls like you can't believe."

"Don't we all?" Mort sighed.

"Not all," Greg snickered. "Although I'm ready for round two."

"Well, now that we have a proper chaperon, we can all get naked," Maria giggled,
her earlier emotional trauma from nearly being raped forgotten for the moment.
She stripped off her bottoms and then pulled Mort's trunks completely off,
snuggling his cock between her oily breasts. "How about a tittie fuck?"

"Gawd, that feels great," Mort moaned, thrusting up between her breasts.

"Keep going," Maria encouraged. "Give me a come necklace."

Dwayne got up from behind Darlene and asked, "Can I borrow this?"

He held up the bottle of baby oil.

"Sure," Maria replied. "But would you give me another squirt?"

Dwayne gladly upended the plastic bottle and gave it a squeeze, sending a stream
of oil onto Maria's breasts and Mort's thrusting cock. Then he sat back down and
pulled his wife onto his legs where he began methodically brushing away the sand
from her bottom.

"No," Darlene told him.

"We don't want to set a bad example," he told his wife. "Don't say 'no' unless
you really it. Say, 'Oh, please, Dwayne.' I'm a bit of an exhibitionist, too. At
least I am tonight. If it would really be too much, then say 'no' loud and
strong, but otherwise..."

"Oh, no, oh, please, Dwayne," Darlene whimpered, closing her eyes as if it would
hide them from the others as her husband pulled the crotch strap to the side and
his oily fingers gently penetrated her anus.

"Hear the difference, asshole?" Wendy snarled at Paul. "It maybe true that
sometimes when a woman says 'no' she means 'yes' but anybody with half a brain
can tell the difference. Darlene is begging for it, saying 'yes' with her 'no'.
You knew damned well that when Maria said 'no', she meant it. If you want to get
off, kneel down and present your fuckin' white ass for your spanking, asshole."

Wendy flailed at his bottom until her hand was turning numb, then Jennifer took
over until she was also pooped and her hand hurt. Wendy gave the young man
another dozen slaps on each cheek, then told him, "I'm not through yet." She had
picked up the used dental dam and proceeded to use it at a rubber band to snap
against his tender red ass cheeks until she felt better. He endured the assault
stoically, hissing through his teeth and gasping but resisting crying out or
actually weeping.

"OK, I'm satisfied. You've paid up," Maria finally told him. "Are you still
hard? Would you like to give me another necklace?"

He could only nod. Maria actually felt a little sorry for him when she saw a
glint of tears on his cheeks in the moonlight. On her knees, she crawled to
retrieve the baby oil and then went back to Paul to enfold his cock between her
firm breasts.

"Am I seeing right?" Greg asked Jennifer as he looked at Darlene and Dwayne.

"Yes. He's fucking her asshole. I always wanted to try it," Jennifer said. "I've
had fingers and rubber toys up there but never the real thing. Are you up to
it?"

"You're kidding, right?"

"Let me find a heavy duty rubber and the KY," she told him, searching the tote
and returning a minute later.

"I thought you.. That you were, that you.. You said you wanted to bea virgin
when you married."

"A sexually experienced virgin," she told the surprised and pleased young man.
"And unless you miss and hit the wrong hole, I'll still technically and truly be
a virgin in that no penis has ever entered my vagina. Can you accept that? It
may seem a little weird, but that's my rule for myself. Any guy that I go out
with has to go along with it."

He was definitely ready. She tore open the plastic package and rolled the rubber
down onto Greg's shaft. Then she smeared the rubber generously with the lube.

"Here," she told Greg, handing him the tube and getting on all fours in the
sand.

"Get my butt hole ready." She had to coach him. "I take it you've never done
this before. OK, anal virgin, both of us," she giggled. "Put a whole bunch of
that up my poop chute with your finger. Ah, yes. I like that. Easy. Yeah. More.
More goo. Now, real easy, use two fingers. Oh, yeah!"

"I don't want to hurt you," Greg said uneasily.

"It shouldn't hurt at all if.. ah, if I'm.. oh, yeah. If I'm ready and loosened
up enough. Yes. Now three fingers. Easy," she told him. Then she switched gears,
asking, "Hey, can I borrow Mort? I want to make this a real orgy."

"I take it you want to blow him," Wendy snickered.

"While my butt gets fucked," Jennifer explained.

"You up for it, stud?" Wendy asked Morton.

"Not yet," he answered sheepishly.

"I bet she can get you up," Wendy snickered, taking a towel to remove the oil
from his limp cock. He showed signs of recovery thanks to her rough toweling.
Wendy found an ultra-thin for extra sensitivity type condom and used her hand on
Mort until his cock filled with just enough blood to let the condom roll on.
"Now let her give you a blow job," Wendy encouraged the young man. "She's only
given a couple in her whole life and she told me before that she wanted to
practice on some guy this weekend and you, my friend, win the booby prize."

He stepped up to Jennifer who smiled and immediately took the rubber-encased
cock into her mouth, licking along the bottom firmly, loving the feel as his
member steadily grew, becoming engorged and firmer in response to her
ministrations. She felt powerful and free and nasty. The presence of her friends
added several dimensions: safety in numbers; elements of voyeurism and
exhibitionism; a feeling of fellowship and camaraderie, sharing her men; pride
that she was taking charge now; a bit of one-upmanship. Gad, she felt hot with
her mouth full of cock and her butt filled with three very greasy fingers.

"I bet she'd like her titties sucked while she does it," Maria told Paul as the
young man with the blistered butt recovered from the first tittie fuck of his
life. She nodded toward Darlene who was kneeling up in the sand. Dwayne had one
hand against her groin, pushing 'it' against her clit while he plundered his
bottom with renewed vigor after slowing down a little after Darlene's last
orgasm.

Darlene had lost count of how many orgasms she had experienced and the count
depended on when she started counting. But her brain wasn't keeping score. Her
eyes were scrunched shut so tightly that she barely noticed a couple kneel down
in front ofher and settle into the sand. Dwayne released his embrace of her
upper body and she naturally settled forward into the young couple.

"Oh, no," she whimpered as she put out her hands to catch herself and found two
naked bodies supporting her. She embraced two heads with her arms and squeezed
as two sets of lips sucked on her neglected nipples, sending her over the top
again, bucking on her husband's cock and 'it' while those hungry mouths feasted
on her mammaries. "Ooohhh," she wailed, half-conscious that she was a reluctant
participant in an orgy in the sand.

'This has to end,' Darlene's mind told her. But it didn't end for another
fifteen minutes, her whole body constantly stimulated in more erogenous zones
than she knew she possessed, 'it' in her pussy and Dwayne's cock up her ass and
mouths on her nipples and six hands roving while her hands found oily skin and a
limp, oily cock that grew in one hand as her other hand found a hairy pussy. She
had no idea who she was touching and she wasn't willing to open her eyes. The
pounding in her ass grew more rapid, noisily smacking her sweaty cheeks as she
approached her next orgasm. She was sure she would never survive another one.

Feeling neglected, Wendy slid under her friend and lifted her head to lick
Jennifer's pussy. She flicked out her tongue to lick Greg's hanging ball sack as
it swung by. But pornographic movies and literature never told her how much
strain such a position puts on a neck and she soon wiggled her way out again,
stopping to suckle Jennifer's little titties on the way.

She went back to the bag to search until she found 'just in case,' a soft rubber
dildo with a vibrating egg on top to press against a clit. Standing over
Jennifer's back in full view of the rutting men, she lubricated it with more KY
and turned the control for the vibrating clit stimulator to 'high' before
reaching under her friend and inserting it in steady thrusts, alternating with
and then synchronizing with Greg's thrusts.

Just seconds of feeling the other object inside Jennifer sent Greg over the
edge. He slammed against her butt and let out a long, strangled, "Aaaahh." He
held on tight, buried all the way up the tall woman's Hershey Highway,
experiencing spasms that shook his body to the core as his cock pumped jism into
the reservoir at the end of the condom.

When she felt the dildo withdrawing, Jennifer's right hand instinctively swung
back between her legs to hold it in, the feeling of being completely filled so
overwhelmed her and the vibrating egg providing direct clitoral stimulation that
was lacking since Wendy's earlier licks.

Wendy freed her hand from under Jennifer's and took charge again, telling Greg,
"You've got to back out now." As he did, she giggled, "We wouldn't want this to
get lost up there," and she slid the slimy rubber off of his rapidly withering
cock. She gave him a hug and a quick tongue kiss before turning to Morton and
asking, "You want to try her poop chute, too?"

"Yeah, fuck my ass," Jennifer panted, dropping her face onto the blanket and
making a depression in the sand under it with her shoulders.

"Ultra-thin won't do for butt fucking," Wendy told Mort as he moved around the
tall girl who was now grinding against the dildo she held buried in her cunt.
"And spit isn't a suitable lubricant." She stripped off the ultra-thin and
rolled on a fresh rubber, coated it liberally with KY, and said, "Go for it."

"Yeah, fuck my ass," Jennifer gasped out as Mort slid easily into her tight rear
passage. "Harder," she ordered as the vibrator and dildo and throbbing cock
drove her toward an orgasm that she would never forget. "Faster."

Darlene's mind absorbed the words 'harder' and 'faster' out of the air as she
recognized the 'tiny death' of orgasm, perhaps the most satisfying of her life.
Every muscle in her entire body tensed to the breaking point, then exploded in
convulsions, vibrating with an intensity she had never known, and...

Jennifer had never known such overpowering sexual feelings, her cunt and ass
filled, her lips dry and stinging pleasantly, a mild taste of rubber still in
her mouth. How many people were watching? What a slut she was, begging for more
cock, both the artificial and real. Tears were streaming from her eyes, tears of
joy and relief as she too exploded in ecstasy.

"Are they all right?" Their little world among the sand dunes looked like a war
zone littered with casualties. Both Darlene and Jennifer had passed out
completely. Jennifer was lying face down with her torso on a blanket and her
lower body in the sand. Morton laid next to her, panting like he had run a
marathon and died as he delivered a final message, a rubber coated with sand
still clinging to his withered cock. Darlene laid face up in the sand next to
her husband who cradled her head on his arm and gently caressed her naked boobs.

"They'll be all right," Wendy snickered. "But I'm feeling kind of left out."

"Don't look at me," Greg said, his eyes wide. "I won't be able to come again for
a week."

"Me, neither," Mort gasped, not moving.

"How about a little lezzie action, Maria?" Wendy asked.

"No," she spat, unwilling to voluntarily engage in such activity.

"If you want something done right, I guess you have to do it yourself," Wendy
sighed, retrieving the dildo from the sand. But the batteries were weak and she
couldn't get all the sand off of it.

"Can I help?" Paul asked sheepishly.

"Put your pants back on and you can," she told him. Once he was properly
attired, she instructed him in the proper way to manually stimulate a woman to
orgasm. Then she put her bottoms back on and stripped him, demonstrating her
excellent manual technique on his manhood.

"Thank you," he panted as she held his shriveling cock after he hosed her naked
breasts.

"Clean up your mess," she giggled, pulling his face down.

"Yuk," he said.

"You owe me," she told him. "Get to work."

"We better get back," Dwayne told the group of recovering sex fiends as they all
slowly regained full consciousness. "Our kids are home alone." They all said
'bye' as he helped his wife to her feet and led her toward the sidewalks that
would lead back to the townhouse. She didn't even realize that her breasts were
exposed. Dwayne had to rearrange her top right after sliding the control up half
way, making his wife beg, "No. Oh, no, not more. I can't, can't..."

"Walk," he ordered, moving her along as she occasionally had to stop and twitch,
embarrassed by her lack of control, praying that no one would see that what she
was wearing was something other than a bikini bottom. Dozens of cars passed by
and they heard a few more whistles and calls of, "Nice ass," as they made their
way back.

Dwayne sprayed off the excess sand in the outdoor shower in the back and they
snuck back into their bedroom, Dwayne nude and Darlene just wearing 'it', the
battery pack now hooked to the waist strap, the C-cells' power completely
depleted. He led her to their bed. She was asleep the instant her head hit the
pillows.

-=*=-

The younger crowd had more energy, even if they yawned occasionally. Giggling
and laughing, still nude, all six ran into the ocean to wash off the accumulated
sand and cum.

"Thanks, guys," Wendy told the men when she was comfortably snuggled on a
blanket with Paul. "This is definitely a memorable weekend."

"Thank _you_," they replied in a chorus. "Memorable is an understatement," Greg
said from where he snuggled with Maria who had put her bikini back on.

"I should probably feel ashamed," Jennifer said, sitting next to Mort who tried
to warm the young woman who was at least six inches taller than his more or less
average height of five nine. "But we, Maria, Wendy, and I, well, we came out
here looking for adventure and we had one. We found an asshole who, I hope,
learned something."

"I'm really sorry," Paul apologized again. "I.."

".. won't ever try to force a woman again," Maria finished for him. "But it's
OK, Paul. I'm OK. You haven't scarred me forever or created neros.. Ah, what the
fuck. Look, guys. I've done my own butt so I could probably have done what
Jennifer did but it wouldn't be right for me. I hope I was OK."

"OK?" Paul almost shouted. "You were fabulous."

She blushed with pleasure. After six weeks of vigorous exercise at the school,
everyone else's breasts had shrunk exceptKaitlyn's, and there were obvious
reasons for that. But as her hips and her thighs tightened and slimmed, Maria's
breasts remained full and firm, looking even larger as the rest of her body
shrank. Her chest was a source of both pride and embarrassment, even as she
accepted Paul's obvious compliment.

"I am a little disappointed that I didn't get to eat any pussy," Greg told the
women. "I.. Well, none of.. Geez, I might as well admit it. I'm a virgin."

"And you still are, technically," Wendy laughed. "And I'm afraid you won't get
to go all the way with any of us, at least not this weekend. But, hey, where are
you guys staying?"

"It's a ways. We couldn't afford a motel near the beach."

"And I'm afraid it's just a double, two double beds," another said
apologetically.

"After what we've shared, I don't think I'll be embarrassed in a room with you
guys," Wendy snickered. "Our place is kind of crowded," she lied, not admitting
that she had a private room in the resort because she found she enjoyed group
sex such as they had just shared.

"I'm afraid I'm going to pass," Maria told them. "I.."

"That's OK, Maria," Jennifer told the Latino girl. "You'll have some time to
rest and a little privacy."

"Thanks, guys," she grinned back, feeling relieved but a little bit
disappointed.

"Well, I'll take on all three of you as long as you remember the rules," Wendy
told the guys.

"Not if I can help it," Jennifer snapped. "You guys ready to take us to your
place?"

"Right after we drop Maria off," Paul told them, leading the group out to his
car, which could comfortably, hold only four or five in a pinch. Six was
definitely a crowd. At the resort lodge, all six got out and five people tongue
kissed Maria good night and waited until she was inside before going to the
men's motel for the night.




Chapter Twenty-three -- Wild Weekend Saturday

At the motel, Wendy pulled Jennifer into an embrace and French kissed her
friend, hoping to shock the guys.

"You guys are really something," Paul said, watching.

"I get first dibs on the shower," Mort insisted as he unlocked the door of the
second floor room.

"Only if you share," Wendy demanded, feeling wonderfully naughty.

"With you?" Mort questioned, smiling with his eyebrows raised in surprise.

"Think all five of us will fit?" Jennifer giggled.

They didn't. Only three at a time, two girls and one guy. It was fun for all of
them. The girls insisted that the lights stay on so they could see 'cocks'. "We
aren't all that experienced," Jennifer informed them. "That was the first time
I've ever had a cock inside me other than in my mouth."

"I'd never had a snarlin' before," Mort admitted.

"He's never even kissed a girl before," Greg teased.

Jennifer put a stop to that line of teasing. She was sitting on the bed, still
nude, and pulled Mort down beside her to smooch to their hearts' content.

"Let's get some rest," Wendy suggested, yawning. "Can I borrow a pair of
boxers?"

Paul offered her a pair, then snuggled against her back. Greg wore briefs. He
turned off the lights and lay on his side facing the girl of his dreams.

-=*=-

Friday night at the lodge was a big party. They bar-b-qued burgers on the deck,
then everyone retired to their rooms. Redmond drove his wife Clarice crazy with
his tongue, then they lovingly fucked to sleep. A similar scene took place in
the next room, where Laura told Bill she wanted "it up the ass." His reply was
that there would be plenty of time for that later.

Dan was back, disappointed that his fiancï¿½e no longer allowed him vaginal
intercourse, then enthused with 'back door action' that lasted less than a
minute after their long separation. Being young, he recuperated quickly and they
enjoyed a 69 before falling asleep.

Bruce insisted on eating Kaitlyn to multiple orgasms before reluctantly trying
anal sex. "It's OK," he agreed, "But I can take it or leave it." With the sexual
edge cut off, they were able to talk. They did, getting up after everyone else
was asleep to sip Cokes in the communal kitchen while they made plans for the
future and brought each other up on the events of the past weeks.

-=*=-

As soon as Kim was alone with Roger, he asked, "Is your asshole ready for my
cock?"

"As ready as I can make it," she smiled hoping and praying for an embrace, a
kiss, some loving touch. She walked up to her husband and embraced him only to
hear him order, "Get your ass naked."

Without further preliminaries, he stripped himself while he watched his wife
disrobe. He grabbed the Vaseline, smeared it on his erection, stuck a finger up
her backside, followed it with his cock, and hammered away until he spurted
inside her. Then he fell asleep by her side.

Kim lay awake for a long time, feeling lonely and sad. She was going to get
something to drink but heard Katy and Bruce in the common area. She settled for
a drink of water in the private bathroom. Hours later, she went back to bed.

-=*=-

An impromptu game of 'Truth or Dare' developed during breakfast. Bill admitted
he turned down Laura's invitation to use her bottom, telling everyone that he
wanted to make the occasion special for her but when he was pressed for details,
he took the dare and had to show everyone he could really 'get it up at his
age.' All the other women acknowledged having their bottoms reamed and admitted
that they found it at least a 'tiddle' pleasurable.

"What the hell's a tiddle?" Roger wanted to know.

"A tiny liddle," Kaitlyn giggled. "My turn. Kim, truth or dare?"

"Dare," she answered quickly, afraid to either tell the truth or lie about her
evening with her husband. Her fourth husband, she reminded herself.

"OK," the youngest member of the group answered gleefully, "Butter up that green
banana and fuck yourself with it while you eat my pussy."

"Fair's fair," Clarice told Katy, now in 'mother mode'. "One or the other,
either banana or pussy, not both."

"OK," Katy giggled, still tickled. "Bruce hasn't seen me, you know, get it on
with a girl so, well.."

Kim felt relieved. She liked the emancipated minor, loved watching the kid's
enthusiasm and confidence grow over the past six weeks. Kaitlyn was maturing but
still a cute kid, Kim judged, as she knelt before the barstool and lifted the
T-shirt the girl wore that morning.

"Is she as good as me?" Bruce asked, watching the little AmerAsian woman service
his wife while he held his wife's hand.

"Different," Kaitlyn giggled.

"Better?" Bruce pressed.

"No, different."

"Women instinctively know the female body better than any man," Clarice
explained to Bruce. "Because we're women. My guess is that Kim's technique is
better but Katy prefers your enthusiasm."

"Yeah," Kaitlyn agreed. "Something like that. But it's more than that. It's
like, well.. Like you learn to ski and that's super fun, learning. And it's
exciting. But then once you've learned the basics, it gets to be work to get
better. You have to, oh, how do I say this? To keep it fun, you have to do more
or harder or different or whatever. It's like you have to keep learning so if
you're skiing, you do mogul bashing or race or something."

"Not a bad analogy," Red nodded in understanding.

"Either that or you back off and only do it once in a while," Bill noted, trying
to ignore the lesbian sexual activity taking place so close to him at the
breakfast bar. "If you only take a couple of skiing trips a year, every one is
exciting andspecial."

"And the longer you're away from it, the more exciting it is," Dan, Debbie's
fiancï¿½, observed.

Everyone participated in the discussion except for Kim. Her mouth and tongue
were busy. They found more parallels between sex and other aspects of their
lives. After they had talked for twenty minutes, Bruce leaned over and asked
Katy, "Will you want this later? Like in the future, after?"

"No," Kaitlyn answered slowly and deliberately. "But, well, like everybody was
saying." She blushed, then blurted out, "I might want, after a long time, it
might, well.. If I haven't had a girl in a long time, you know, maybe."

"It's kind of sexy," Bruce grinned, looking at his wife, first in her eyes and
then down to her lap. He pulled up on her shirt so he could see Kim leisurely
licking, kissing, and nibbling. "Do you like that?" he asked as he watched Kim
take Kaitlyn's engorged labia in her teeth and move her jaw sideways.

"If it's real gentle," Kaitlyn said, looking at her husband whose eyes were now
glued to her cunt. "But it's, well, different."

"You said that," Bruce said flatly.

"Well, different can be fun."

"Definitely."

'Truth or Dare' was over. The room got quiet as some of the other women cleared
dishes and a couple of the men went to help rinse them and load the dishwasher.
With only a few exceptions, Kim's oral stimulation of Kaitlyn at the breakfast
bar was ignored.

"Penny for your thoughts," Bruce said to his wife, looking her in the eyes after
becoming bored watching Kim's tongue slowly stoke between Katy's legs for so
long.

Katy blushed. "Be honest," Clarice called to the youngster.

"I was just thinking how hot it would be if, well." The blush deepened as she
continued, "It'd really be hot if Kim or somebody could do me, you know, lick
me, my clit, while you fucked me."

"Yeah," Bruce smiled. "That _would_ be hot."

"Go for it," Roger encouraged. "My slut wife will do it. I think she ought to
service everybody here." Kim cringed, hearing her husband talking about her like
that.

"Only if she agrees," Clarice told everyone as she wiped up the sticky drops of
pancake syrup from the breakfast bar. "Safe, sane, and consensual, those are the
rules."

"If you guys'd like to try it, I'm game," Kim smiled up at them, ignoring her
husband's crudeness. She really liked Kaitlyn and from what she had seen, Bruce
seemed to be devoted and loving. Kim was more than willing to pleasure them.

Bruce looked at his wife, then Kim, then back. Kaitlyn blushed. "I think it'd
get kind of complicated," he said to his wife. "I think we'd feel guilty about
you not getting any pleasure."

"My pleasure wouldn't be the point," Kim snickered, gently caressing Kaitlyn's
pussy with her fingertips.

"No, our guilt would be or mine, at least," he said, watching for a reaction
from his wife. "I think this is one of those things that'll be more exciting if
we wait. After a while, when we need to move on, learn new things, and try new
things, well, maybe then. Will you stay in touch?"

"Only if you want to," Clarice butted in. "When some graduates leave us, they
want to move on. Good Wife U. is just a phase, like grade school, that they grow
beyond. But most of us like to stay in touch. Unless you ask to be removed from
the mailing list and newsletter, you'll be invited to reunions, weekend classes,
and lots of regional get-togethers. I have to admit that you'll also get
solicitations for donations that aren't even tax deductible. It costs a lot to
keep going even if almost all of the staff are volunteers."

"I'm ready to hit the beach," Debbie announced loudly. From day one, she was the
hard bodied, blond, blue eyed beauty of the class but she was so quiet and just
plain nice that everyone liked her, even when she was wearing the smashing,
barely legal thong bikini in neon orange that made every other woman for miles
jealous. If she was just an inch or two taller, she could have been a high
fashion model. Instead, she was just ravishing. Her fiancï¿½ knew what a prize he
had found and he appreciated her for more than her body. But what a body!

Dan shouldered their ditty bag and took Debbie's hand. "You better put something
over that or you'll cause an accident."

"Wouldn't that be a trip," she giggled, feeling young and free and wild. "I've
never had guys crash into each other because of me but in these wedgies, I might
just cause a collision."

Nobody was sure that 'wedgies' referred to the cork-soled sandals she was
wearing. The fabric up her butt crack also made everyone think of 'wedgies.' The
combination of the two made her body move in such a way that every male eye
followed her.

Clarice and Red invited Bill and Laura out to explore the shops. Kaitlyn drug
Bruce back into their bedroom to 'practice sex' before they headed for the
beach.

"Get dressed," Roger snapped at Kim, tossing a handful of white fabric and
strings onto the bed. "I want to show off my slut wife to the world."

Kim was determined to be pleasant. She tried being playful but Roger just got
mad. She ended up complying with his wish for her to wear a bikini that he had
bought for her. It pushed the limits of legal. The two tiny triangles of knit
fabric barely covered her areolas and the unlined cloth was so thin that if one
looked closely, they could see the little bumps around her nipples as well as a
clear outline of her nipples themselves. The bottom was just as tiny, smaller
than most G-strings worn by strippers and just a T of thin string in the back.
It was fortunate that she had very little pubic hair and used a home
electrolysis machine to clean her bikini line.

"I can't wear this," she told Roger firmly as she looked at her image in the
full-length mirror on the back of the door.

"You are, you can, and you will," Roger pronounced. "Now get your ass moving."

"No," she snapped angrily.

"Move. Now!" Roger gripped her arm so hard that it hurt -- bad -- and he
virtually dragged her out the door, leading her with a crushing grip on her
upper arm. The pain was so great that she had tears in her eyes.

It would have been bad enough on a beach full of adults, but there were lots of
kids and families out in the morning. Roger walked her around, displaying her
like a trophy. Then he added to her humiliation by telling her to run down the
beach "until one of your tits pops out." He slapped her, leaving a red handprint
on her exposed cheek, and chased her.

"Oh, dear," he smirked when she stopped, whimpering, replacing the top as best
she could to cover the nipple that had been exposed when she stumbled. One knee
and the heel of her right hand were skinned and bleeding. "I guess we'll have to
go back and clean you up."

Her husband didn't help. He showed no sympathy at all. He just sent his wife to
their room to tend to her wounds.

As Kim looked at herself in the mirror, she was horrified again. The tiny bikini
would have been obscene on any woman or girl. It would have looked sexy on a
sixteen-year-old. But Kim was thirty. Her breasts were still small and held high
but there was a bit of sag that was exaggerated by the pressure of the little
patches of fabric that were too small and provided less than no support.

She washed her knee and hand carefully, then poured peroxide over the raw
wounds, cringing as it fizzed. "Damn, that stings," she hissed.

She had to regain some control. So, without thinking of all the possible
consequences, she took off what her husband had called a bikini and threw it in
the toilet, flushing twice. She smiled in satisfaction as she put gauze pads she
found in the medicine cabinet on her wounds and taped them in place. Then she
put on a comfortable bra-style exercise top and stretch bike shorts.

"What the fuck are you wearing that shit for?" Roger demanded, becoming more
crude by the minute. "Take that shit off so everybody can see your body in the
bikini I brought for you."

"It's gone."

"What do you mean, it's gone?" Roger blew up. His face turned red in anger. He
ran into their room and threw things everywhere looking for the obscene little
bikini, even upending the trash containers, and lifting the mattress, leaving it
cockeyed on the box springs. "What did you do with it?" he demanded, still
boiling with rage as he stood in the doorway to the bedroom. "Where the fuck is
it?"

"Probably about half a mile down a sewer pipe," Kim told him with a satisfied
smirk.

"You fucking bitch!" he screamed, striding toward his wife. "You little fuckin'
bitch! You'll pay for that."

"It couldn't have cost more than a few dollars," she told him. "I've paid for it
a hundred times over."

"That's not the kind of payment I'm talking about," he said, scowling at her
with a look that frightened her. "I'm going to punish you. You're going to get a
punishment fuck... up your ass."

"No! Stay away from me," she told him, backing away. But he kept coming. She
turned and tried to run but he was too quick. He yanked on her shorts, trying to
rip them off but the material just stretched, the seams abrading Kim's skin so
she was left with marks like rope burns.

She fought against him but he was too much bigger and stronger. He peeled the
shorts off and held her, pulled down his trunks, and aimed his cock at her tiny
puckered asshole. "Punishment fuck," he snarled through his gritted teeth,
driving forward.

"No!" Kim cried out in a shrill scream.

"Shut the fuck up, slut," he yelled, pulling her tiny body back toward him,
impaling her on his dry, unyielding prick. When half of his cock was up her
bottom, he wrapped one arm around her, gripping her pussy in his fist. He used
his other hand to cover her mouth, his fingers blocking her nostrils so she
couldn't breathe. Then he brutally raped her, slamming his unlubricated cock in
to the hilt again and again.

Kim feared for her life just before she passed out. In his rage, Roger lost all
control and ejaculated quickly. He just dropped her to the floor and went to get
a soda since no alcohol was allowed in the lodge.

Once she could breathe again, Kim recovered quickly. The pain in her ass was
horrendous. When she felt herself back there, her fingertips found blood; not a
lot but she knew he had torn her insides. "I'm sorry," she whimpered from the
floor, afraid to move.

"You ought to be," Roger snarled.

-=*=-

"I wish there was a phone in here," Kaitlyn whispered to Bruce.

"I know. I.."

"Don't feel bad," Kaitlyn told her young husband. "He's bigger than you are. He
might have hurt you or even killed you."

"But I should have done something."

"We will," Kaitlyn reassured her husband. "I'm going to talk to Clarice. She'll
know what we should do. At least Kim's all right."

"She's not dead, anyway. But I should have done _something_!"

"OK, let's be logical. What could we have done?"

"We could have just walked out there. Roger's never been abusive when there were
people around."

"You didn't consider him abusive at breakfast?"

"A little," Bruce sighed. "But I thought it might just be a sex game, that, you
know, she was getting off on it. And she likes you. I can tell."

"And I like her. She's kind of like an older sister but better because I can
tell her things I couldn't tell my real sisters. Debbie, too. She didn't have as
much sex as I did when she came so even though she's older than me, we're, you
know."

"And Laura's like your mom," Bruce grinned.

"Not at all, but, well, yeah. She's like a mother you can talk to." She peeked
out the door again, then opened it a little wider. "They're gone. I think I
heard the door to their bedroom close so they're probably still in."

-=*=-

At dinnertime, the group talked about orgies. For most of them, participating in
wild group sex was just a fantasy that they had no real desire to act out.

"I have to go along with Kaitlyn," Debbie told them. "What she was saying at
breakfast. I'm not in love with anybody here but you, lover. But I feel a real
affection for all the girls and even some of you guys. In the right situation,
if Dan's OK with it, I'd love to play around a little bit in a sexy way. But
without it technically being adultery, without going all the way, I mean."

"I'm afraid I don't have your control, or your morality, I guess," Dan admitted
to his fiancï¿½. "I don't think I could control myself if any of your girlfriends
came on to me."

"It's true," Laura laughed. "God gave men a penis and a brain and only enough
blood to use one of them at a time. But you've kept your hands off so far, Dan."

"OK," he agreed, smiling. "I'd probably turn you down as long as, well, as long
as I kept my zipper up."

"But looking is OK," Debbie told him.

"Only at you," he cooed.

"Bull. I saw you looking at the black girl in the yellow bikini," Debbie
laughed. "And especially at that girl with the silicone boobs. It made me wonder
if I shouldn't get a boob job."

"You're perfect," Dan told her. "Perfect proportions, perfect legs, everything."

"You're definitely the most beautiful in the class," Clarice told her, making
Debbie blush with pleasure. "But variety is the spice of life and guys have an
inborn need to spread their seed around that they've had to suppress now that
we're civilized."

"I agree about your beauty," Bill told Debbie. "But, for me, you would be
intimidating. I'd feel.. more than bashful, even more than inhibited."

"But guys like the feeling of power when they manage a new conquest," Roger told
the group. "I know I do. And the more beautiful the woman, the better the
feeling."

"I prefer the comfort of knowing the other person inside out," Bill said, a
contemplative look on his face as he stared off into space. "I like inner
beauty. But I don't mind outer beauty and you, my dear, are getting more
gorgeous by the day."

His wife blushed at the compliment. She was still far too heavy but six weeks of
exercise had already made a big difference. Some of the clothes that he brought
from home for her to wear practically fell off when she tried them on. And she
had gone to the beach in a modest two piece suit and felt proud when she saw
that she was by no means the heaviest woman there.

"But physical beauty is a big part of it," Laura injected into the discussion.
"I'll never again be as pretty as the rest of you but I won't let myself get so
fat ever again and I'm going to slim down enough that I can wear sexy clothes
without looking ridiculous."

"You'll never look ridiculous to me," Bill said lovingly. "But it's been a long
day. I'm ready for bed."

"But not sleep, I hope," Laura grinned.

"I've been thinking about your ass all day," he whispered to his wife as they
got to their bedroom door.




Chapter Twenty-four -- Wild Weekend Sunday

Maria woke alone in her room back at the lodge. The sun was just about to peek
over the horizon when she went out into the common area in her sexy little robe.
She found a telephone directory and looked up the address for the Catholic
Church. There was even a display ad in the yellow pages giving the times for
mass.

She changed into an appropriate dress with a pair of Spandex shorts underneath
so she could ride one of the bicycles. It was too far to walk and make it to the
7 a.m. mass. Only a few people attended the early mass in the resort community,
mostly older women sitting by themselves plus a few couples.

Maria sat in the back, lost in thought, following the rituals instinctively.
Missing mass the past five Sundays was the most that she had missed in her life.
She wondered how she was going to survive. How could she go to confession and
tell a priest about.. 'impure thoughts and actions.' What if he asked for
details? She would die of humiliation. How much would she have to tell? And what
was the penance for not only licking a woman's genitals but enjoying it almost
as much as when hers were licked.. by a woman? But she couldn't help it. If she
refused, she would be publicly spanked. Maybe that was appropriate penance. Or
wearing a scarlet letter on her breast. Or...

She didn't take communion. She might never again because she couldn't go to
confession and lie but she couldn't...

No one else was up when she got back to the lodge so she decided to make
breakfast for everybody. She found BisQuick and apple sauce in the pantry and
began a batch of cinnamon apple muffins. A second batch was in the oven when
Debbie and Dan wandered out, both wearing boxers and nothing else, saying, "That
smells heavenly."

Couple by couple, everyone woke up by ten. Maria decided she was going to visit
Darlene and Dwayne to volunteer to watch the kids again. The family was just
coming back from church when she arrived. Darlene didn't need to tell Maria why
"we both just want to relax today."

But Maria had grown up in a large family. It was comfortable and loving and it
just felt right. She stayed with the family, playing Frisbee with Jennie. She
noticed that she and Jennie had attracted the attention of some bashful
teenagers. When the boys just leered at them and failed to make any kind of
move, she threw the Frisbee right at them. They threw it back. Then Jennie spun
it toward the guys again and pretty soon, they had male companionship for the
afternoon even if it was totally platonic.

-=*=-

"Are you all right?" Laura asked Kim when she finally came out of the bedroom.

"Fine," she replied.

"What happened?" the motherly woman pressed, looking at the bandages on Kim's
hand and knee and the bruises on her arm and forehead. What bothered Laura most
was the way Kim walked, as if she was in pain, slowly and carefully, wincing
with each step.

"I fell."

Roger came out a few minutes later. He didn't say a word as he poured coffee and
ate some of the muffins Maria had prepared.

-=*=-

"Clarice, can I talk to you?" Kaitlyn asked, gripping Bruce's hand tightly.

"Of course," Clarice replied. "Is this private? Should I ask Red to take a
walk?"

"No, that's OK. I don't quite know where to start." She took a deep breath
before continuing. "Yesterday, Bruce and I stayed in our room and we heard some
things."

"What she's trying to say," Bruce said clearly, "Is that Roger is abusing Kim.
We saw him rape her and hit her. He raped her in the, in her, well, ass."

"Tell me exactly what you saw," Clarice said calmly, sitting down with the young
couple. Red got a legal pad and started making notes as the young couple told
all of the details of what they saw and heard.

"I would like to have each of you make a sworn statement," Red told them as they
finished. "As early as possible next week. We can't do a lot now unless Kim
wants to make a criminal complaint but we can be sure to have evidence ready
when she is. You'll hear from someone."

"But can't we do something now?" Bruce asked.

"I'm afraid not."

"I'll talk to Kim," Clarice reassured them. The two couples talked for quite a
while, the subject of Kim's rape finally giving way to less upsetting subjects.
The young couple felt better as they decided that they really should see the
beach, having spent the first two days of the weekend in their bedroom engaging
in every sexual variation they could think of.

-=*=-

"You're kidding, right?" Greg asked.

"Nope," Wendy grinned, looking at Jennifer. "That's the deal. If you go to
church with us, we're with you for the rest of the day. Otherwise, this is good
bye."

"And you'll have take us back to the lodge so we can put on something
appropriate," Wendy reminded the young men.

"When I was a kid, there was this church our family used to go to right by the
beach. It's more like a picnic shelter but you can go in swimming suits or
whatever. I can't remember the name of it but."

"Here," Mort said, pointing to a page in the phone directory in the room. "The
Atlantic Beach Chapel, right on the beach in the park. Mass at eight, Baptist at
9:30, Congregational at eleven."

"And it does say that beach attire is OK," Paul pointed out.

"Congregational at eleven it is," Jennifer smiled, pleased that the boys agreed
to accompany them to church. She was also glad that they had packed some
T-shirts and cover-ups in their tote. 'Beach attire' was one thing but the
bikinis she and Wendy wore were a bit too brief for even the most liberal church
service.

And it was nice, singing hymns and listening to a pretty generic sermon on 'love
thy neighbor.' Some of the regulars from the real Congregational Church downtown
even provided donuts, coffee, and juice for a quick social after the service.
And they thanked all of the visitors for 'remembering to keep the Sabbath holy.'

"What now?" Paul asked as they stepped out into the sunlight.

"I think we'd better go back to your room and relieve you guys of some tension
so you don't embarrass us," Wendy giggled.

"Sounds good to me," Greg smiled.

Back in the room, there was some uncertainty about how to proceed. "What now?"
one of the guys asked again.

"We can start by getting naked," Wendy grinned. "One at a time. Who'll be
first?"

"Let's cut for it," Mort suggested, pulling a deck of cards from the athletic
bag he had brought as an overnight case for the weekend.

"How about strip poker?" Wendy suggested, never having had the courage to play
during he first three years of college even though she knew of many others who
had.

They made up the rules as they went along. Seven-card stud was the game. The
player with the low hand had to remove one piece of clothing. The high hand
could do the removing if he or she desired. Once a player was nude, if he or she
ended up with the low hand again, that player had to pay a three-minute sexual
forfeit to the player with the high hand.

It didn't take long for everyone to lose most of their clothes. The luck of the
draw and the inability to bluff kept the scoring pretty even. Jennifer, already
nude, went on a winning streak. Greg was low and she had him suck her nipples
for three minutes while Mort dealt the next hand. Then Wendy lost. "I want you
to lick my pussy," Jennifer told her. "I know the guys want to see that."
Blushing, Wendy did so.

That's when the game ended. The guys wanted to see the girls go at it so the
pair demonstrated a lesbian 69 with Jennifer folded back to shorten herself
enough that they could lick each other's slits, continuing until they were both
about to explode. As they got close, Jennifer asked for lube and soon fingers
were probing both the girls' bottoms.

More games followed. The two girls cut the cards and Wendy got an ace, giving
her the privilege of directing the three men in pleasuring Jennifer. All three
licked Jennifer's pussy, probed her pussy and bottom with fingers, and sucked
her nipples. Then Jennifer had to get each of the guys off with her hands.

"My turn," Wendy giggled as Jennifer pumped the last drops of spunk out of
Paul's cock onto her breasts. All four of the others concentrated on giving her
pleasure for over an hour. She came six times before it was her turn to get the
guys off. She bravely asked that they do so in her bottom.

"I just wasn't ready last night," she explained. "But I'm ready now."

Jennifer made sure condoms were in place and well lubricated. She directed the
action, having Greg roll onto his back with Wendy on top so that Jennifer, Paul,
and Mort could feast on her breasts and diddle her clit while Greg fucked her
asshole. And Wendy came again.

Paul was next. Jennifer spanked his bottom while he pounded into her friend's
asshole. He didn't last long and endured a lot of kidding about liking the
spanking.

"I like a sexy spanking once in a while, too," Wendy cooed mischievously. Mort
gladly slapped her fanny a few times before he took his turn. "You're good,"
Wendy panted as he gently pressed into her still tight bottom hole and slowly
sawed in and out of her butt.

"You, too," he grinned.

"I mean it," Wendy told him, stroking her pussy with her fingers. "You're trying
to make me enjoy this, aren't you?"

"Of course," he replied.

"Well those two just wanted to get off," she told Mort, flopping back to
reposition herself at the edge of the bed. "Now kneel on the floor," she told
him, using her arms to pull her knees to her shoulders and again expose her
bottom hole to his throbbing cock. "Ah, that feels so good," she purred as he
slowly pumped in again, a half inch more with each stroke.

"Your friends need to learn to be considerate," she told Mort.

Over on the other bed, Greg asked, "Are we really that bad?"

"Pretty much," Jennifer told him. "A lot of it's attitude. I didn't mind because
I was using you guys to get off just like you were using me. My body, anyway.
And I came out here this weekend with the idea that I wanted to experiment. I
wanted to find a couple of studs like you. No commitment. No pretend love. Just
some hot sex that was safe and sane. Wendy's different. She'd prefer to get to
know a guy and play the game for at least a little while." Jennifer watched her
friend on the other bed with a bit of jealousy.

"OK, I want to know what we did wrong," Paul told Jennifer.

"Besides trying to rape my friend?"

"Yeah," he answered, looking down at the floor sheepishly.

"I'm hungry. Buy me a burger?" Jennifer asked, looking at both Paul and Greg.
Since they were sexed out, they agreed and the trio headed for McDonald's and
then sat in the car to talk more about Jennifer's opinions on how women should
be treated.

-=*=-

When Kim came back to the lodge, Clarice told her, "We need to talk."

"I'm tired," Kim replied. "Can't it wait? I need to lay down."

"No, it can't wait. Where's Roger?"

"He had to go back early."

"Is he ashamed because he raped you?"

Kim's eyes grew to the size of saucers in surprise. "I..."

"Rape is rape," Clarice said sternly but gently. "You need to report your rape
to the police."

"No," Kim objected quickly, remembering.. everything. Her determination that
this would be her last marriage because she would make it work, the pain and
humiliation of her rape, and Roger's instructions, no -- threats -- that she
tell no one about what happened.

"And I want you to see a doctor," Clarice told Kim firmly. "We are going to the
hospital now."

"No," Kim sobbed.

"Yes," Clarice snapped. "And now. You can barely walk." Clarice remembered some
times when she could barely walk because of all the sex in so many varieties but
those experiences were entirely voluntary and consensual. She enjoyed the
experiences and even the aches afterwards. But she knew that Kim's feelings were
different. She had already contacted a rape counselor who would meet them at the
hospital. She called the police from the emergency room.

Clarice stayed with Kim until it was almost time for the van to leave, making
sure that Kim was comfortable with the counselors, one of whom was a GWU
graduate. If there was a problem, Clarice would have arranged to stay longer.

Red remained behind to provide legal advice when Kim was interviewed by the
police. As things progressed, his counsel wasn't needed. The female officer was
empathetic and had worked rape cases in the past. She conducted her preliminary
interview in the hospital, then asked that Kim come by the station to talk to an
investigator. "There's a female detective on tonight, Wilkins. She's really
good. I've already called her to brief her on the situation," the officer
assured Kim.

Red and one of the counselors accompanied Kim to the police station. They gave
Kim's name to the desk sergeant and told him they needed to see Detective
Wilkins. The female detective came out almost immediately and brought Kim back
to her desk. The detective's squad room was empty because of the late hour on a
weekend. Everyone else was either out or off duty.

"I'm going to show you six pictures," Detective Wilkins told Kim. "I want you to
tell me if one of them is a picture of the man who raped you."

"But how.. I know who raped me. It was my husband, Roger Hoyte," Kim said, a
little disgusted.

"Please bear with me," the detective said calmly, opening a folder to display a
paper frame and six pictures.

"Number five," Kim said, immediately recognizing her husband although he was
wearing glasses and his hair was a bit longer. Roger always wore contact lenses.
"But how did you get a picture of him?"

"How long have you known your husband?"

"Just a few months. About four," Kim answered.

"And you know him as Roger Hoyte?"

"Of course. That's his name."

"Not Roger Hoyle?" Detective Wilkins asked.

A shiver ran up Kim's back. "Who's Roger Hoyle?"

"I want to take your statement first," the detective told Kim, nodding to the
other two as she took out a tape recorder and announced the date, time, Kim's
identity, the case number, and the nature of the interview.

Reliving the brutal rape was agonizing for Kim, especially when the detective
had to explain the difference between forcible sodomy and rape. She was
exhausted both mentally and physically by the time the interview was over. She
had to answer many of the questions three or four times in different forms and
the detective always seemed to want more details.

"I want to thank you for coming in," Detective Wilkins finally said, pressing
'STOP' and rising. "We'll be in touch."

"Would you clarify some things for Ms. Hoyte?" Red asked the detective politely.
"Why did you ask about a Roger Hoyle?"

"I'm sorry," the detective sighed. "I'm tired, too. The reason I didn't tell you
before was so that what I'm about to tell you wouldn't color or influence your
statements, Kim. The picture I showed you was of Roger Hoyle."

The detective opened her case folder and pulled out a long fan-folded teletype
printout. "Roger Hoyle has a criminal record of sexual assaults going back
twenty years," Detective Wilkins said. "We got a hit based on the similarities
in name and age. Roger Hoyle was born 2-21-58. Your Roger Hoyte was born
2-24-59. I have reason to believe that the two are the same person. It's likely
that your Roger doctored his birth certificate to get new identification
documents. Among other crimes, Roger Hoyle has been arrested eight times for
rapes but never convicted. They've either been nol' pross'ed for lack of enough
evidence to convict or he's pled guilty to a lesser charge. And only one of
those was a felony and he only did eight months even on that one. Convicting
rapists is often very hard, one person's word against another. But you say there
are two corroborating witnesses. I think we've got him this time."

"Thank you, Detective Wilkins," Red said, taking the young detectives's hand.

-=*=-

"What time is it?" Wendy asked, still nude and cuddled against Mort.

"Nine twenty-five," Greg said after a glance at his watch.

"Nine! Nine twenty.. Oh, shit. Jennifer! Jenn, get up. Come on, guys. If we're
not back by nine, we're in real trouble and it's.. Oh, shit.. Damn."

The girls scurried around to pick up the things from their bag that were
scattered all over the room. The burgers, fries, and drinks that Greg, Paul, and
Jennifer had brought back for Wendy and Mort hadn't been touched but McDonald's
wrappers from everyone else's meals were scattered around, covering some of the
essentials... like Wendy's top. She finally said, "To hell with it," and she
went back topless except for a beach cover-up that had only two ribbons at the
sides of the waist. When they pulled up, everyone else was waiting out front by
the van.

"You know you're in trouble," Clarice said gently.

"We know," Wendy and Jennifer replied together, waving good bye to the guys.

"We're going to miss the arrival of the new freshman class," Clarice told
everyone. "But I guess we'll manage."

Everyone was quiet during the trip back to the old school. They all noticed that
Kim was missing but said nothing. When the van got back Sunday evening, the
newly promoted members of the GWU junior class just wandered back to their
respective spaces in the dorm' room. It was depressing leaving loved ones
behind.

It reminded Wendy of her first night going back to college. She would be a real
senior in a real college in the fall, just two months away. She had hated
leaving her family and felt homesick through her first semester but she outgrew
it and college became her new home. In just one more year, she would have to
leave the security of that 'home' and find a job.

Maria and Jennifer were looking forward to their final six weeks. Clarice had
promised more excitement, lots of new things. What they had been through already
was beyond what they had ever expected in real life but they were living it and
loving it.

Darlene already missed her husband and kids. 'Family oriented' was a perfect
description of her. She dreaded another six weeks of separation but admitted to
everyone, including herself, that GWU had been good for her. She was determined
to stick it out. Young Kaitlyn's thoughts were similar. She hated the separation
but realized that she would need every trick in the book to makea teenage
marriage last.

Despite the differences in age, Laura and Debbie shared similar thoughts.
Everything was new and wonderful. And separation really does 'make the heart
grow fonder.' And only doing things once in a while added excitement. And
learning to do new things, doing them differently with new rules. Debbie grinned
to herself, remembering Dan's surprise when she enforced the 'no vaginal
intercourse until after we're married' rule, then begged him to fuck her
asshole. Laura remembered Bill's surprise as well as his reluctance to use her
tight rear passage when just resuming normal relations was still new and
exciting.




Chapter Twenty-five -- Communications 301

Gwen woke Katy early and shuttled her back to Virginia Beach so she could be
interviewed by Detective Wilkins and make a sworn statement about what she saw.
Everyone else got to sleep in. By nine, the junior class had finished their
showers and was entering the dining room. Maria stopped in the doorway and
gasped, slapping her hands over her mouth. "That's Felicia!"

"Who?" Jennifer asked.

"My cousin, Felicia. How... Oh, geez. I can't go in there with her."

"Why not?" Wendy asked.

"She'll... She'd tell everyone. And I'm naked."

"You've been naked for six weeks," Debbie laughed at her. "And it looks like
your cousin's already been in trouble." All four of the new women at the table
were wearing cuffs on their wrists and ankles connected to metal collars by
short chains.

"She'll be a lot more embarrassed than you are," Wendy noted.

"And didn't you say it was another cousin of yours who talked you into coming
here?" Jennifer asked. "What was her name?"

"Consuela," Maria answered.

"Well Consuela already knows what goes on here. She spent twelve weeks doing the
same things you're doing. You and she and all of the rest of us will forever
have a special bond, a secret past that we shared," Debbie said philosophically.
"So why don't you just go up to her and embarrass her. Take charge."

"Yeah," Maria smiled walking toward the table. "Hey, Felicia," she called out as
she got close. "You put on a little weight, I see, eh, chica?"

The cousin looked surprised, then terrified, then just embarrassed. She tried to
cover herself with her hands and earned some more teasing from her cousin. "Want
me to cover your titties and pussy?" Maria asked evilly, walking around her
cousin to fondle the helpless girl. "What's the matter? Can't talk?"

The girl looked around, terrified. She squirmed, trying to pull away from Maria
or shrug off her cousin's hands. "Relax, chica," Maria chuckled, moving her
hand's to Felicia's shoulders to try to massage away some of the tension. "We'll
see each other again and again. No way to avoid it. Finish your breakfast."

When Maria joined her classmates, she grinned. "It _was_ better when I took
charge."

After breakfast, they assembled in the classroom with all the computers, the
classroom where they had assembled the first day after they arrived, a change
from the printed schedule that was announced during breakfast. It was already an
hour past the time their first class should have started. They all waited for
Kim and Kaitlyn.

Instead, a black woman stepped to the front of the room. A _very_ black woman,
coal black. Physically, she was a classic Negress with the full cheeks, high
cheekbones, full lips, and thick brows that showed full southern African
heritage. She was dressed in khaki like Tina had been for their first week.

"Hi, guys," she greeted them. "I'm Mitwanna, the African name my mother gave me,
but I go by Wanda. I'm a substitute and I'm new at teaching this class but,
well.. Here's the deal. Did you notice our freshmen class? Well, you may have
noticed that women of color aren't exactly well represented here at GWU. There
was some prejudice and discrimination early in its history just like the rest of
the country and that didn't change quickly. Because you only find out about it
by word of mouth, it took a while to integrate."

She smiled, "And Maria, you and your cousin Consuela and now Felicia are adding
another ethnicity that was lacking until very recently. You're our first three
Hispanic students. Believe it or not, the Asians from Okinawa, Japan, and Korea
were students early on because they married into the families of military men
and were brought back as war brides. Old conventional mothers-in-law sent their
Asian daughters-in-law to GWU to learn to be American wives."

"So back to how I got here," she sighed. "You may have noticed our freshman
class contained a majority of women of color, three black, two Hispanic, and an
Asian, Thai, I think. There's one white girl who's already feeling like a
minority and one, well, OK two white girls but one is blind. She's only the
second blind student we've ever had. It's going to be an interesting class."

"So what happened is that my 'sisters', meaning the black girls, well.. They
thought that they could get over on me because our skin's the same color.
Wrong!" she laughed. "We talked about it -- the staff, that is -- and we decided
we'd change things around a bit to change their minds. We're all pink inside as
dirty old men would say and we all bleed red. So they're now in attitude
adjustment mode."

"Why are they all chained up?" Maria asked bravely.

"Oh, we had a mass escape attempt last night," Wanda laughed. "It was quite a
job to get them all back here without anybody getting hurt. And that's part of
the reason for all the hard feelings. You see, only the white girl and the blind
girl stayed behind so they're the only two not being punished. It has nothing to
do with skin color but it may take us a week to convince their class of that."

Wanda took a deep breath and let it out slowly. Her expression changed
completely. Very seriously, she told the class, "And now I have some very bad
news. It's... Well, in forty years, there hasn ever been a rape during a
session, but.. This isn't easy. Kim was raped by her husband."

She paused for a long time to let that piece of information sink in before
continuing. "I don't know if she'll be able to continue with the class or not.
We're about to get into the heavy stuff, bondage and all that. We, the staff,
don't know how she will handle it psychologically and emotionally so we're
getting some expert help. The reason Kaitlyn isn't here was because she
witnessed the rape."

"Are they all right?" Laura asked.

"It looks like it," Wanda replied evenly. "I got a call this morning. It's not
decided for sure yet but Kim has said that she wants to come back. You guys are
her support network. If she comes back, she'll be treated pretty much like a
regular student except for some of the anal stuff."

"She was pretty sore," Darlene nodded.

"That's an understatement," Wanda told them. "Her anus and rectum were torn
badly. She had stitches taken inside her bottom Sunday night while you coming
back here. Her anal play is over for the next four to six weeks."

"Geez, what'd Roger do to her?" Maria gasped.

"No lubrication and violent entry," Wanda said, shaking her head.

She waited until the murmurs subsided before she continued. "She'll get a few
privileges like a padded seat while you're stuck on hard wood. And when the
husbands meet on Tuesday night, all the men will get another safe, sane, and
consensual lecture. And now we have to get to work. The BDSM classes scheduled
for today have been put off until tomorrow and both today's and tomorrow's
communication classes are going to be combined today. That's because they're
easier to make up if Kim comes back and when Kaitlyn makes it back."

"And now, on with the show. How many ways of communicating can you name? Maria?"

"Speaking?" she offered.

"Right. Verbal. Oral communications. But some has a greater impact. Can you say
your A-B-C's without singing? So even with verbal communications, there are
variables. It's easier to remember the words to a song than to remember words
that are just spoken. Let me..."

Wanda skillfully led a lengthy discussion on various verbal communications and
they talked about verbal communications skills, observing not just what was said
but how it was said. They illustrated misunderstandings that were easily passed
along when verbal communications were used by playing 'rumor' in the group. They
all laughed at how garbled the messages had become by the time they were passed
down the line. Another exercise consisted of Darlene turning her back to the
chalkboard and trying to give instructions to Debbie on how to draw a simple
figure without seeing what Debbie was doing. The results were hilarious.

"OK, verbal communications is one method and we've seen how poor a means of
communicating it can be. We'll work on improving our verbal communications a
little later. So what is another way we communicate?" Wanda asked.

Jennifer picked the obvious. "Non-verbal."

"Very good," Wanda grinned. "So let's try a little exercise, ah, Jennifer, isn't
it?"

"Yes, ma'am."

"Very good. You can no longer speak. If you do, I will use this on you," Wanda
said, picking up a wicked looking riding crop like the one Tina carried their
first week. "Now, I will also use it if you fail to obey my nonverbal
communications promptly and correctly. Ready?"

Jennifer caught herself just before she said "OK" and nodded instead. Wanda
grinned. It was working! She had never taught this class before and didn't have
much time to prepare after helping to handle the mass escape attempt late last
night. She was at least as scared as any of the students but now she was gaining
confidence.

She put the tip of the crop under Jennifer's chin and lifted up until the tall
young woman was looking right into her eyes. Then she pointed down with the crop
and looked down at the floor. The message was unmistakable. Jennifer knelt
before her.

"This little demonstration is usually done right after the introductory class on
bondage and discipline," Wanda told the class as she circled Jennifer's nipples
with the loose flapper on the end of the crop, then lowered it to tap gently
between Jennifer's thighs, prompting her to spread her legs. For ten minutes,
Wanda directed Jennifer's actions with the crop, letting her know where to place
her hands and correcting her posture.

"As you can see, nonverbal communications can be quite effective," Wanda said to
the students. "I'm sure you all saw me communicating messages to Jennifer. What
other communication was going on?" She looked around, smiling. "I saw Jennifer's
face say, 'Please don't hit me' and 'I'm scared' and 'This is humiliating' among
other messages. Did anyone else see her communicating?"

She then looked down and Jennifer and said, "You can get up now." And as
Jennifer got up, she opened her arms, smiled, and added, "Kiss and a hug."

Jennifer felt so relieved that the barely blushed when Wanda enfolded her nude
body and they Frenched each other for a moment. "Do I taste like chocolate?"
Wanda teased. "No. Minty mouthwash," Jennifer giggled. "Am I the first Afro' gal
you've ever kissed?" "Yes." "How was it?" "Not bad." "Want to do it again?" Now
Jennifer really blushed and as she did, Wanda almost shouted, "See the body
language? OK, ah, Laura. What did she do?" So they talked about body language
and other eye contact and the many variations of non-verbal communications.
Kaitlyn came in as they role played through several exercises and she soon
commented, "I wish I'd already done this for that first weekend. I was really
queasy about playing 'vamp' for Bruce." They were backed up to doors, raising
one leg seductively, and 'making eyes' at each other to try to look sexy. And
they did, just before they burst into giggles. "So there are visual signals,"
Wanda went on, leading the discussions. "Which will be a challenge for our blind
freshman. What other kinds of visual signals do we send and receive? Think about
it. When you look at someone, how do you size them up?" "Clothes?" Wendy
suggested. "Good. What else?" "Hair?" Kaitlyn though out loud. "Sure," Wanda
agreed. "Let me show you a picture." She dimmed the room's lights with a remote
control and a projector cast an image on the white wall. "Tell me about this
person." "Dyke," they all agreed, looking at the slide of a slender woman with a
short, masculine hairdo, small breasts, tight jeans, and leather vest with her
thumbs stuck under a wide leather belt. She looked vaguely familiar to many of
the students. "So you've made a judgement," Wanda grinned. "How about this one?"
It was hard to recognize that it was the same woman with soft brown
shoulder-length curls cascading over her shoulders and a navy pinstripe suit
with a knee length skirt and heels. The discussion continued. The briefcase she
carried and the pen behind her ear were visual clues. "Her name's Sylvia," Wanda
told everyone. "A GWU graduate, a model, and an actress. She's darned good if
you ask me. You've seen her in television ad's, magazines, catalogs, and a few
movies but I doubt you'll see her in any starring roles because she's totally
devoted to her husband and kids. But she's always in demand because of her
versatility and competence. Now tell me about this woman." And they discussed
slides of Sylvia dressed as a hooker, as an ordinary maid, as a sexy maid, a
librarian, a homeless bag lady, a fitness instructor (one of her movie parts), a
housewife with kids (from a TV advertisement), a firefighter (she really is a
volunteer fireman and was an extra in 'Backdraft'), a cheerleader, and a
stripper, and chorus girl. "So clothes make the woman," Wanda concluded. "You
can project an image with how you dress. You _always_ project an image whether
you intend to or not. If you're in a frumpy bathrobe and fuzzy slippers with
your hair in curlers when hubby gets home, you've sent him a signal. But if
you're in a short silk kimono robe and high heels, the signal's a bit different.
And we'll be talking a lot about using clothing and looks in the next six weeks.
But for now, let's go to the kitchen, get some coffee, take a break, and then
we'll work on some other ways of communicating." Once everyone had some fruit
and their beverage of choice, Wanda brought out folders containing graded copies
of the love letters that each of the women had written. It was easier for those
who were married. They wrote the letters to their husbands based on the outline
in the back of John Grey's book, 'Men are from Mars, Women are from Venus.' They
were encouraged to mail them and were provided stamped envelopes. They also had
to write an explicitly erotic letter describing a fantasy they would like to
fulfill. The single girls had similar assignments except that their letters were
to fantasy partners. The most embarrassing assignments were the letters to each
other. At least they were embarrassing when they started, especially when they
were ordered to read them aloud to the whole group. There were lots of blushes
and giggles to begin with, but then they began to openly share some of their
fears and joys, details of what turned them on or off physically and
emotionally, and their hopes for the future. "We'll spend more time talking as a
group every morning and evening," Wanda informed them. "But I would encourage
you to share with each other one-on-one as well. But we're talking about written
communications and they can be powerful and very clear. If Darlene had just
shown that drawing to Debbie this morning, she could easily have reproduced that
egg with a diamond in it. If picture-words were allowed, the drawing would have
been more accurate. Every time we buy an appliance, a car, computer, or any
other machine, there are step by step instructions for how to use them, fix
them, clean them, or whatever. Illustrations clarify instructions." "Well, the
same it true in a marriage. Darlene, how often do you write to your husband?"
"Never," she replied. "Until our assignments." "Do you have a calendar at home
where you write down appointments and schedules? Dates when the kids have
activities and things like that?" "No," Darlene admitted. "Every family needs an
anchor like a master calendar," Wanda told them. "Especially if you have kids.
It's a suggestion in every one of the books on organizing your life that I've
ever read. It not only helps you..." And on they went. "... Why not send love
letters to your husband? Why not put notes in the kid's lunches to remind them
that you love them as well as to remind them that they need to get bring home
the permission form for the class trip? Why not?" "And we're just covering the
basics," Wanda concluded as the sophomores started preparing the dining room for
lunch. She got serious for a moment and told them, "Some lessons don't stick.
This will probably be one of them. We need reminders and reinforcement. For you
married ladies, when things start getting rough again in six months or six
years, remember this -- 'WorldwideMarriage Encounter.' If you think what we're
doing is intense,then go on a Marriage Encounter weekend
 with your husband. It'll change your life."

"But more on that later. Now I have some new assignments. Ready?"

A mixture of groans and giggles came from the eight naked women. "OK, your
homework assignment is another self examination. I want a paper describing the
image you think you projected before you came here and then another paper
describing the image you want to project. Each should be at least two."

It was time for exercise class and Wanda joined the advanced group. Chris
reminded them that vigorous exercise just before lunch was often beneficial
because it suppressed the appetite so they didn't need as much food to feel
full. They showered as a group, no longer bashful about washing backs and
backsides. And, as usual, dinner at noon was spectacular. Then it was back to
work in the same classroom they started in that morning.

"How many of you are on line at home or work?" Wanda asked the class. Not
surprisingly, everyone but Laura raised her hand. "Do you ever send e-mail to
yourself? To your husband?"

The afternoon was spent on communications technology; radio, TV, computers and
the Internet, and the telephone. They spent hours talking about 'phone sex' and
everyone was given a homework assignment that consisted of phone sex with their
husbands. The single women would receive calls from some of the boy toys for
their homework.

"Sounds like fun," Kaitlyn giggled.

It was.




Good Wife University (GWU) bi bobbi jo greene-wood
Chapter Twenty-six -- BDSM 301

"Welcome back," Clarice smiled as the women assembled on the sofas in the
married students' room Tuesday morning after breakfast. "I hope you had a good
time but now it's back to work. If you thought your first six weeks were wild,
wait until you see what we have in store for you for the last six. You were
introduced to most of this bit by bit as underclassmen. You've all done well and
mastered the basics so now it's time to move on to more advanced studies. Who
can tell me what the initials B D S M stand for?"

When no one answered, Clarice asked, "Do you really not know or are you just
afraid to speak up? I hope it's not the latter. By now, you should know how
important it is to be honest and forthcoming with your feelings. It's especially
important as we study and then practice advanced sexual techniques and, as
usual, it all starts with communication. So, once again, what's B and D?"

"Bondage and... discipline?" Wendy offered bashfully.

"Right. That's a start. So what do the other letters stand for? Anybody else?"

"S and M stands for sadism and masochism," Laura stated.

"Good. And?" Clarice prompted. "How about D and S?" When no one answered, she
began a lecture. "You got BD as bondage and discipline. DS is dominance and
submission, basically slave games, although some people make it a lifestyle. SM
is sadism and masochism. Throw spanking in there with the S, too."

"All of these are intermixed," Clarice went on. "And there are some aspects to
all of them in most relationships. Have any of you ever complained that your
boss treats you like a slave? Well, there's an aspect of dominance and
submission. But that relationship isn't supposed to be sexual, is it? I looked
over your reading lists and book reports so most of you have read at least a few
stories about sexual dominance, being blackmailed into sex by a boss. Did anyone
find them arousing?"

"I sure did," Kaitlyn admitted.

"So you've read about it," Clarice grinned. "And, more importantly, you've
experienced it. So, remembering how important it is to be honest, is anyone
willing to admit being sexually aroused by any of what you've experienced here?"

There was a pause while the students squirmed uncomfortably in their seats.
Darlene was about to speak up when they all heard from the doorway, "The
spanking turned me on."

"Kim!" the whole class cried out at once, jumping up to hug her and bring her
back into the group. They soon settled down and Clarice encouraged her to give a
summary of what she had been through.

"I hate to break this up," Clarice finally said, "But we have a schedule to keep
and it's already shot to hell. Today's a little less flexible than most days, so
let's go get our midmorning snack and get back to work."

They grabbed fruit and cold sodas from the kitchen, then Clarice led them down
to the school's fully equipped basement dungeon. The dungeon took up half the
basement. The entry door was made of rough wooden planks with massive wrought
iron hinges and metal studs that made it look like it belonged in a medieval
castle. Inside the dungeon were so many furnishings and implements that the
class was dumfounded.

"This is our most popular play room," Clarice told everyone as she sat down on a
short milking stool. "And you're welcome to come down and play. So, Kim, you
said that spanking turns you on. In what way?"

"I really don't know," she answered, blushing only a little. "But when my
bottom's stinging, like right after I get spanked, I could just...well, fuck. It
gets my juices flowing. I get all wet and ready." She shrugged. "It's hard to
explain."

"And feelings are just feelings," Clarice pronounced. "If _you_ feel turned on,
so what if someone else doesn't? All right, now. Will anyone else admit being
turned on by what's happened during your first six weeks?"

"I will," Darlene spoke up, laughing. "There's darn little that hasn't turned me
on. Must be testosterone."

"Probably," Clarice grinned back. "How about you, Katy?"

"Just being naked," Katy replied. "None of the other stuff."

"You didn't feel turned on by your massage that first Tuesday?"

"Well, yeah, but..."

"That was DS, being told you would have to remain silent and endure it and that
you'd be bound and gagged if you disobeyed. Was it _just_ the massage that
turned you on, or did the whole scene do it for you?"

"Pretty much just the massage," Katy answered. "I was scared, too, and that
might have added to it."

Clarice polled the rest of the students, ending with Maria. Only Jennifer
readily admitted being turned on by the 'kinky' things. But Clarice requestioned
Maria, reminding her to be completely honest with herself. "So being helpless
didn't turn you on?" she asked again.

"Oh, Jesus and Mary and Joseph, help me," Maria sobbed out. "I... I can't come
if... unless somebody makes me. I can't. I played with myself when nobody was
looking and I can't come, but when Tina was there with a whip and said she was
going to whip me if I didn't come, I could. And then I found out if I imagine I
have to come, that I can come by myself. It... that book, Beauty. I..."

"Easy, easy, easy," Clarice chanted softly, hugging the Latino girl. "There,
there, there, little one. There's even a name for what you suffer: Catholic
guilt.  And, now that you recognize it, you have
two choices. You can either get kinky and experience some amazing orgasms or you
can spend thousands of dollars on psychologists and psychiatrists and not have
amazing orgasms."

Clarice continued to hold Maria as she continued, "There are a lot of BDSM
rules. You've already heard them for sex in general--safe, sane, and consensual.
Each of you consented to physical restraint and corporal punishment as part of
our program when you applied for admittance, so that part's pretty much taken
care of for our classes. My job is to teach safe and sane."

"Our BDSM activities are both very structured and very flexible," she went on.
"They're structured as far as time and sequence, but the actual activities are
varied. You'll all get a chance to be top and bottom in our scenarios. So what's
a scenario?"

That discussion lasted for more than an hour. For their homework, they had to
read from a web site using the computers
 at least the frequently asked questions
(FAQ) and the article on negotiation.

"And negotiation is nothing more than good communication," Clarice told them.
"You don't have to be kinky to negotiate sex. Take anal sex. Some people think
it's kinky. Some of you enjoy it. All of you can tolerate it physically. But is
it going to be a part of your sexual repertoire with your husband? How often?
What position? And what about turning things around? Would he like you to finger
his bottom hole? Or fuck him with a strap on dildo? Would you like to give him
tit for tat?"

A couple of the students groaned over the pun. Clarice laughed, too. "Our
sequence for this afternoon is this. We'll come back down here right after
dinner and play for a little while. Yes, guys, this is play. Then you'll each
dominate a freshman. Remember your second day? Your massage? OK, let's get our
workout out of the way and then get dinner. I'll see you back here about one."

After their workout, they had almost two hours of free time, during which Kim
was everyone's concern. "Are you sure you're all right, hon?" Laura asked Kim.

"Yes," she answered. "Reasonably OK. I have to take stool softeners and put in
suppositories for a few weeks until I heal up inside."

"I believe it," Wendy injected. "I remember our anal classes."

"The anus and rectum produce no lubrication," Debbie said in a comical imitation
of Lucy's voice. "So use of copious lubricating jell' is mandatory for comfort."

"I can't imagine how much that must have hurt," Darlene said.

"The bad part is," Kim told them, "I was really getting to like anal sex even
with fingers and dildos and butt plugs and stuff. And I liked, well, I can't
really say I _like_ spankings but they got me going and... Geez, to... For Roger
to... Did I tell you that Red says I can get my marriage annulled? Since Roger
Hoyte doesn't exist and he... I don't remember all the legal terms, but since he
lied about who he was and his background and everything, I won't be divorced a
fourth time. It will be like I was never married."

"That's good," Kaitlyn said. "I heard from Clarice that Roger has been charged
with rape before."

"Yeah, a bunch of times," Kim told the group as they pushed three tables
together to make it easier to talk. "And technically he's not charged with
raping me. Rape includes vaginal intercourse. The charge is 'forcible sodomy.'
Anyway, he's also a suspect in a couple more rapes. The police think that he was
at it even when we were going together and even after we were married. They've
got DNA evidence in their labs. The Commonwealth's Attorney is trying to get the
trials combined so he's facing at least three charges, but it doesn't look
good."

"Why?" someone asked.

"Well, jurisdictions. I was raped, sodomized, in one judicial circuit, and each
of the other girls was raped in a different district, and trials are almost
always held where the crime took place. The defense attorneys are trying to keep
them separate and they told me that my trial will probably be on just my rape."

"Geez, you poor thing."

"I'm just glad I wasn't hurt."

"But you were," Debbie told her.

"I'll live," she shrugged. "I might have been a lot worse if it hadn't been for
all the anal play we did the weeks before."

"I guess some good comes from everything," Laura sighed philosophically.

"Even being tied up and tortured," Maria said, looking worried.

"Torture is having to sit on a torn butt hole," Kim laughed.

"Is it really that bad?"

"Yeah," Kim said, blushing. "I tried one of those blow-up circle pillows that
people with hemorrhoids use but it stretches where I don't need to stretch and
hurts worse than just sitting flat."

"I guess ass play is out for you for a while," Debbie commented.

"You can put in my suppositories," Kim kidded.

"Oh, please, can I?" Debbie countered, breaking into a laugh.

"Can we please talk about something more appetizing while we eat?" Maria
requested.

"We are getting kind of gross," Debbie snickered. "So what do you suppose we're
going to do this afternoon before massaging freshmen?"

"Tie each other up and do whatever," Darlene grinned.

-*-

"Does anyone not understand the terms 'top' and 'bottom'?" Wanda asked when
everyone was back in the dungeon after dinner.

"Top's in charge, bottom does what she's told," Kaitlyn said. "Wrong!" Wanda
snapped, surprising everyone. "Who's in charge?"

All the students looked at each other, confused.

"Maria," Wanda snapped out again in a stern, clipped voice. "What do you want
out of a scene? An orgasm?"

After a moment of thought, she answered, "I just don't want to be responsible."

In a more normal voice, Wanda rephrased the answer as another question. "So you
want to give up some power to get what you want and need?"

"I guess so."

"And who's responsible for giving you what you want and need?"

"The person who I give... power to."

"Right. So you're in charge. You gave the power to someone else and that person,
the top, takes the power and gives back to you what you want and need. There it
is, guys. The bottom line is that it's the bottom who's ultimately in charge.
The bottom gets to set the limits. That's what makes it sex play that's safe,
sane, and consensual."

"Take our whole program as an example for a bit," Wanda lectured. "You gave us
the power to restrain you. In return, we give you permission to experience sex
like never before. We make you feel and do new things, things that you would
never have done on your own. Well, every scene should be like that."

"Oh, we're going to stretch things a bit. You'll all feel some pain, but, and
it's a big _but_, you ultimately decide how much you will take. So let's play,"
Wanda grinned. "Who wants to be the first victim?"

It took a few seconds, but Maria bashfully raised a hand.

"Very brave of you, Maria," Wanda smiled. "And you and I are going to talk a
lot. Those of you who decide you're naturally bottoms need to be strong. There
will be classes in the coming days on the differences between abuse and
consensual play. A natural bottom is vulnerable to abuse. You have to be strong
enough to say 'no' and smart enough to pick the right partner for a top. But
enough of that for now. This is fun play, not heavy stuff. We start small and
build up. Who else? I'd like one more."

"I'll..." both Jennifer and Darlene started at once.

"Darlene," Wanda said. "I'm sorry but you won't fit the X-frame, Jennifer." She
led the class to a wall where there were two wooden frames set side by side a
few feet out from one stone wall. "Now, Darlene, if you'll step up on here
facing out. And Maria, you sit down and lay out on this one."

They saw that one of the X-frames was mounted on a big steel pipe that went into
a hydraulic pedestal with several controls, while the other was simply set at a
slight backward angle supported by a beam to form a tripod. The fancy hydraulics
allowed Maria's frame to tilt backward so she could lie down on it. Wanda passed
out cuffs that were secured around Maria's wrists and ankles when she was spread
out. The fancy X also had a comfortable, padded headrest.

Darlene's frame had footrests that were permanently secured to the bottom. She
bashfully turned her back and tried to step up onto the small platforms while
wearing her high heels that were the uniform for students. The heels threw her
balance off, so she had to step up facing the frame and then carefully turn
around with her tip toes on one little platform, then step out to the other one
so she could be strapped down.

"As you get more experienced," Wanda explained, "You'll come up with your own
scenes. For now, we'll start out with what's common for a first scene, 'punished
with pleasure.' Let's see, how shall we divide up? How about Laura, Kim, and
Debbie, you take Maria, and Katy, Wendy, and Jennifer, your victim is Darlene."

"We've got a couple of hours to play. What shall we do now?" Wanda asked,
perching herself on a tall stool in front of the frames. Once again, everyone
looked uncertainly at each other, so Wanda provided some guidance. "OK, first,
there's no pain in this scene so there's no safe word. We'll talk a lot about
safe words tomorrow. And the object is pleasure, but poor Maria has to be forced
to endure pleasure. She has trouble getting off unless she's forced. So how
might you force her?"

"Tickle," Kaitlyn said immediately, crooking her fingers into claws and looking
at her classmate helplessly bound to the smooth wooden beams.

"Perfect!" Wanda clapped. "Make her beg for it."

"No!" Maria squealed even before anyone touched her. "I can't stand to be
tickled."

"Then you'd better start begging for sex," Debbie told her, sliding a finger up
Maria's leg as she positioned herself next to the young Latina.

"No! I can't! Please!" Maria screamed as three pairs of hands found all of her
ticklish spots.

"I think what Miz Hot Box here needs is to be kept juicy until just before we
have to go," Wendy snickered. Katy and Jennifer joined her in beginning to build
up Darlene's arousal with some gentle caresses, licks, and kisses.

The six tops quickly got into the scene but in completely different ways.
Darlene was moaning with pleasure, somewhat distracted by the noise coming from
next to her, but enjoying what she knew was going to be a great experience.
Maria, on the other hand, was in agony.

"No! Please. NO! I gotta pee! No."

"If she pees, just get the hose and spray everything down," Wanda told the older
women who were torturing the youngster. "Try taking off her shoes and tickling
her feet."

"NOOoo!" Maria screamed, sounding like she was dying.

"Beg us to make you cum," Laura ordered. "Beg us for sex."

"NO! I can't!"

"Then you'll be tickled to death," Kim told her, licking the sole of the poor
girl's foot.

"Please, no more! Sex me. Eat me. Finger me. Do whatever you want but don't
tickle me any more."

"Only if you keep begging," Debbie sadistically told the poor Catholic girl.
"Beg."

"Please sex... Make me come."

"If you don't want my tongue on your feet, where do you want it?" Kim asked,
swiping her tongue tip up Maria's right foot again.

"My nipples," Maria begged. "Lick my nipples. Suck 'em."

"I don't hear any begging," Debbie said, digging into a rib with her fingertips
so Maria screamed again.

"My other nipple. My breast. Please suck...oh, please! Lord, help me, please.
Suck it. Hold it. Squeeze. Touch me down there. Touch my... my pussy."

"You tops can trade off, take breaks, try out some of the rubber toys or
vibrators, or whatever. That's one of the perk's of being top," Wanda told them
when a couple of them seemed to be tiring. "Pull up a stool and get
comfortable."

"Don't let them come," Wanda warned. "Not yet, anyway. This is torture by
pleasure. Keep them both right on the edge but don't push them over until just
before we have to go. Good. That's it. Back off just a little and move around."

After an hour, both victims were bathed in sweat, pulling against their bonds
and begging for an orgasm, for relief of an impossible amount of tension that
had built up. But their tops backed off just before the victims exploded.

After almost two hours of erotic torture, Wanda went behind the frames and
tapped on a grease board on which she had written "10 minutes." She marked off
the minutes, counting down to what would be the most spectacular orgasm of
either of the victim's lives.

"Yes! Yess!" both were screaming as their friends concentrated on clits with
tongues, finally giving them relief.

Neither of the women could stand without help as they were released from their
bonds. And all of them had a new understanding of what BDSM could mean to their
lives.

Once Maria and Darlene had recovered a little, Wanda briefed them on the rest of
the afternoon's activities.




Chapter Twenty-seven -- Massage

Maria waited patiently in the little nun's cell for her victim, knowing that she
was going to have to bring her cousin to orgasm with a sensuous massage. At
first, she was horrified. But then she remembered the pleasure she felt the
first Tuesday. The more she thought about it, the more she liked the idea.

Felicia was a bit chubby. Maria knew that her cousin's muscles were sore from
overuse during the physical fitness tests and the first day of vigorous
exercise. She would also be terrified and still in bondage. Her feet would hurt
from the dress shoes. 'And I have to change her whole attitude,' Maria grinned
to herself as she heard the group coming down the hall.

Felicia stepped through the door and Maria immediately ordered, "Don't say a
word. You're not allowed to talk. If you say anything, you will be gagged,
understand?"

She nodded, fearful of her younger cousin's power in the terrible place she had
gotten herself into. She was shocked when Maria took a key and began unlocking
the shackles, cuffs, and collar from her body, leaving her completely naked.
Maria was surprised, but her cousin didn't even have shoes. The woman's calves
kept cramping when she tried to wear anything but athletic shoes.

"On your belly on the table," Maria ordered sternly. Then she began to speak
more softly. "You have no choice. If you resist anything that I do, you will be
shackled to the table. If you want, you can rest your head on your arms."

"Now Felicia, this massage is both a test and for therapy. I'm going to help get
rid of the soreness in your muscles faster than if you just rest. It's also
going to help make you more responsive to touch, and it might get a little
erotic, so just lay there and enjoy." For Maria, it was a trip giving orders and
knowing that her older cousin had to obey.

Knowing that Felicia was having trouble with cramps in her calves, Maria began
the massage at the feet, pressing her body firmly against Felicia's soles to
stretch out her calf muscles as she spread cool oil with her hands and rubbed
hard up the length of the woman's tight calves. She spent some time there until
she felt the muscles begin to loosen. Then Maria moved to her victim's side and
began chopping at the muscles in her left leg with the edges of both hands.

As she worked, she talked to her cousin, saying, "You've been here less than two
days and you've already gotten yourself in trouble. Well, I didn't try to run
off and I still ended up getting spanked and you know what? I survived it and so
will you. Now remember, you can't say a word or object to anything that I'm
doing or you'll have to be punished publicly."

"A little exercise and discipline won't hurt you a bit. You need to lose some of
this baby fat," she told her cousin softly, pinching a fold of skin near the
woman's waist. But before going on, she laid a stinging slap on each of her
cousin's butt cheeks.




Good Wife University (GWU) bi bobbi jo greene-wood
Chapter Twenty-eight -- Monogamous Polygamy

Wednesday morning began with free time to discuss experiences. They used their
time to catch up on homework. Kim helped Laura deal with the computers. She
showed her how to log onto the Internet and get to the sites that dealt with
marriage and BDSM, downloading files to the hard drive to speed things up, then
printing the texts on the high speed dot matrix printer.

Kim also offered Bill and Laura one of her old computers, a nice one except that
"it might be a bit slow. Once you've been on-line a few times, you'll be
hooked," Kim promised. To stay competitive, Kim bought a new computer or
upgraded two or three times a year.

When Wanda called everyone together at nine, they burst out laughing. She was
wearing a blond wig with bangs, knee socks, and saddle shoes right out of the
fifties with a shiny white leatherette G-string and bustier. "You like?" she
giggled. "This is my husband's favorite outfit. So let's get today's class
going. Guess what our subject is?"

"Kinky clothes," Laura laughed.

"Wrong! Did anybody read the schedule?"

"Yes, but what's monogamous polygamy," Kaitlyn asked seriously.

"OK, you college educated fools," Wanda teased, "What is it?"

"A contradiction in terms," Kim answered.

"So define monogamy, Darlene."

"Wife and husband, period. One man married to one woman."

"Right. Now what's polygamy, ah, Katy?"

"More than one wife like the Mormons," she replied.

"Very good. So does anybody want to guess what our class title means?"

"I read an article with a name something like that," Darlene offered. "It said
that a wife should be many women. It's like what Clarice said, a lady in public,
a cook in the kitchen, and a whore in the bedroom."

"Absolutely correct," Wanda smiled. "I have a number of studies and articles
here that say that the male of the species Homo sapiens is naturally polygamous.
It's in his genes to want to spread his seed around..."

A chorus of groans acknowledged the verbal pun.

"...while a woman generally looks for the security of a one-on-one arrangement.
So we're fighting human nature. That's why there's so much cheating going on.
Men get bored. Do you ever get bored with your husband? Darlene?"

"Do I ever!"

"Whose fault is that?"

"Well, let me clarify that. I just get bored. It's doing the same things all the
time; laundry, cleaning, picking up after the kids. It's not really Dwayne."

"Not totally Dwayne, you mean. Ladies, if you're like me, you get into ruts. For
a while, it feels like, 'Hey, I've found my groove' and you feel more efficient.
But if you stay in a groove long enough, it gets deeper and deeper and deeper
until you've dug a rut or a ditch or the Grand Canyon. So, every once in a
while, climb out of the Grand Canyon and start over with things smooth. Here's
reality," Wanda lectured. "We go through stages with rites of passage. After
each one, we need to relook things and make some changes. Laura, when your kids
left home, what changed?"

"Not much," she sighed.

"Really? That would have been a perfect time to rejuvenate your sex life and
make some major changes. Get a job, volunteer for some new organization, go back
to school, you name it. Do you think you might have been in a rut?"

"The whatever-it's-called trench in the Pacific," she laughed. "The one that's
the deepest depression on earth."

"I think maybe we drug you out. What do you think?"

"This is certainly a change," she smiled.

"Gals, this is a rite of passage. Here. Now. By a week from Friday, each of you
will be a different woman. If you've always worn sensible cotton briefs, wear
silk thongs. If your hair was short, it's had six weeks to grow out and it's
time to try long again, but if your hair is long, maybe this is the time to hack
it off into an easy-to-care-for pageboy. This is the time to do it, to make some
changes."

Wanda was on a roll, and nothing was going to slow her down. "If we're
successful, your life will never be the same. You'll eat better, sleep better,
exercise more, look better, and fuck better than you ever have before in your
life. So go for it. Become someone new, different, and exciting for yourself.
Your husband will love it, too. Believe me. And play games. Not just bondage or
DS. Try strip poker with the neighbors or some nasty flashing in the mall or
screwing around on his desk at work. Better that you do it than his secretary,
right?"

The rah-rah session lasted most of an hour before Wanda started to calm down and
talk practically. "So here's your assignment, not for this weekend but the
following Friday. You will become someone totally different from who you were.
Each of you has to decide on what you'll change, and we'll have lots of
suggestions for you. So let's start with how you dress. Some of you are going to
have to buy new wardrobes when you get back home, unless you start eating ice
cream by the gallon and go back to living on greaseburgers and French fries.
Anybody want to do that?"

Debbie, the fitness nut, was the only one who hadn't already changed her fitness
and physical appearance a great deal in the first six weeks. Laura had lost
nearly twenty pounds and two dress sizes. She felt more alive than she had in
twenty years. All of the other women were more fit and felt better.

"OK. Now it's time to play," Wanda said gleefully, clapping her hands like a
three-year-old. "And we're gonna play 'dress up'. Come with me." They followed
Wanda upstairs to a room that few of them had seen, the wardrobe room. At the
entrance was a large wheel like the one used on 'The Price is Right' except that
roles instead of numbers were written in the spaces. "Spin the wheel and see who
you're going to be for the rest of the day. Who wants to be first?"

Kaitlyn was just behind Wanda so she stepped to the side and gave the wheel a
mighty spin. It revolved a dozen times before it slowed its clicking and stopped
on...

prim, proper school teacher

--> Wonder Woman

dominatrix

"That ought to be something," she giggled.

"We have costumes to fit most sizes," Wanda told her. "Next? How about you,
Darlene." Darlene gave the big wheel a spin that only took it around twice.

naughty nun

--> business _MAN_

teenage cheerleader

"The emphasis is on man, I suppose," she grinned knowingly.

"Right back there," Wanda pointed. "And costumes are in the far corner, Katy.
You might as well see if it'll fit."

"This is ridiculous," Laura grumbled, fearing she would land on something
juvenile.

"Absolutely," Wanda agreed. "And fun. It's play time, lady. You take yourself
way too seriously. And you just determined that you're next so give it a spin."
Reluctantly, Laura did.

bordello madam

--> Kat Woman

male gorilla

Wendy was laughing. "You're kidding right? Male gorilla?"

"It's actually the same suit as King Kong," Wanda admitted. "Except for the
rather large male gorilla genitals we attach."

"You're having so much fun, why don't you play too," Wendy challenged.

"I don't mind if I do. Oh, and we have to act the parts. Maybe I'll end up male
gorilla and get to screw all of you," she snickered evilly, taking a position by
the wheel and spinning it mightily. A few minutes later, their roles were set.

Wanda --> punk rocker Kaitlyn --> Wonder Woman Kim --> Naughty nurse Jennifer
--> librarian Darlene --> Business MAN Laura ----> Kat Woman Debbie --> Spider
Woman Wendy ----> dildo devil Maria ---> Princess Beauty

Wanda encouraged silliness as they changed into their costumes and slipped into
the assigned roles. She put on an orange wig with spiked hair, a sculptured
leather vest with formed cups, stretch pants, and combat boots, set off by huge
hoop ear rings and a clip-in nose ring. Darlene dressed in a man's suit,
complete from the white cotton BVD briefs to wingtip shoes, adding a stick-on
mustache and a headpiece to make her bald. Laura was amazed that there was
actually a Kat Woman costume to fit her. The Spider Woman and Wonder Woman
costumes were cute, too.

Jennifer's librarian outfit was very proper: long skirt, long sleeved white
blouse buttoned to her neck with a little ribbon tie under the collar, white
knit tights, and sensible flat shoes. She put her hair in a bun and wore
wire-framed glasses to add to the image.

Maria's velvet gown in royal purple with layers of petticoats was ravishing.
Wanda teased her about the last chapter in Anne Rice's 'Beauty trilogy' where
Princess Beauty was carried away with clamps on her pussy lips and nipples.
Wendy argued successfully that the wheel didn't specify when and insisted that
she was Princess Beauty after her rescue but before her prince arrived.

Wendy's outfit was the most outrageous. It was a bright red body suit made of
latex rubber. A bright red dildo stuck out the front with a counterbalancing
dildo inside her pussy to make sure that the one outside stuck out straight. The
five-inch heels of the outfit's boots were carved in the shape of erect male
organs and the cap of her mask was shaped like a male glans. The horns on each
side of her head were curved red dildos. A three-tined red pitchfork completed
the look; each tine was another red rubber penis.

"What's the object of this?" Kim asked Wanda.

"Fun."

"I don't get it," Kim muttered. "There's always something behind every game
we've played."

"Well, do you remember your first couple weeks?" Wanda asked. "Did you, perhaps,
meet up with upper classmen wearing clothing that might be called peculiar?"

"They terrified and terrorized us," Kim answered.

"Why? Any ideas?"

"The fun of it?"

"So have fun. But play your role."

"How?"

"Use your imagination," Wanda told all of them seriously. "This is a game. It's
supposed to be fun. If terrorizing freshmen is your idea of fun, go for it. But
if I have to provide suggestions, you can't use mine. You have to figure out
your own."

"I don't need any," Wendy snickered. "They're all naked and I've got more cocks
then any six men." She walked away as best she could on the high cocked boots to
find some freshman students to tease.

"We don't have to give them a hard time, do we?" Jennifer asked. Her prim
looking librarian outfit would have been dowdy on an ordinary sized woman but on
Jennifer's slender six-foot frame, the skirt was quite short and downright sexy
looking.

"No, you don't. Just stay in character. Play your part. If you want to read or
catch up on your homework, go right ahead."

"I think this naughty nurse might need to do some rectal exams," Kim giggled.

"Get some rubber gloves from the infirmary," Wanda suggested, adding, "We have
about an hour and twenty minutes to play. Meet in 208 at eleven."

Only Kim, Wendy, and Darlene took advantage of the freshmen's vulnerability.
Their teasing was mild compared to the rest of a freshman's regimen. Wendy
ordered all eight freshmen to practice oral sex at once, one in front, one on
each heel, one on each horn, and three side-by-side on her pitchfork tines. Kim
decided to do her rectal exams while the students were distracted. Darlene's
harassment was entirely verbal.

At eleven, they reassembled. "Anybody have fun?" Wanda asked.

"It was more fun getting dressed than being dressed," Maria answered.

"Any kid playing dress-up could have told you that," Wanda laughed. "Well, Kim,
it was you who asked what the object of this exercise was. I can now tell you
that it was a test, a test of your ability to use your imagination and to
role-play. And everyone but you flunked. But don't worry. This was just a
pre-test to see what we need to work on."

"We emphasize dressing up because it's the quick and easy way to change
yourself," Wanda continued. "I'm sure you remember our 'clothes make the woman'
sessions. There are lots of other ways to change yourself. We already talked
about hair. You can color it, style it, put it up, take it down, spray it stiff,
condition it to death, or even shave it off completely. But that's a little
drastic and it takes time for it to grow back."

"Later on, we'll talk a little about body modification, cosmetic surgery,
tattoos and piercings, and even scarification. From my standpoint, piercings are
OK because they'll close up if you change your mind later on. We discourage most
cosmetic surgery except to correct defects and, in my humble opinion, having
small breasts does _not_ make you defective. We definitely discourage
scarification. Tattoos should be tasteful and fairly small unless you really get
into body art. But more on that later."

She looked at the women and went on. "GWU's about being a good wife and one of
the things that makes a woman a good wife is to be a good lover, right? Anybody
want to argue that point?"

"Good. So husbands get bored. Wives get bored. Bored with sex, bored with
chores, bored with their partners, bored with their roles, and even bored with
their wardrobes. Which brings us right back to clothes make the woman. Remember
the slides? Remember your judgments based on clothing? Learn from your
observations. So what have you learned?"

"That rubber devil outfits are uncomfortable," Wendy grumbled.

"Then take it off," Wanda laughed. "Your choice for the moment, ladies. You can
stay dressed as you are or change into something totally different but I'd like
to hear your reasons for whichever you choose. So, Wendy, you're going to strip
because the latex is getting uncomfortable. Is it sexy?"

"Not to me," she answered.

"Darlene?"

"I never realized that a guy's briefs had such thick seams," she answered. "I
prefer something feminine."

"Acceptable. Kaitlyn?"

"I feel like what's-her-name, the woman who played Wonder Woman on TV. I kind of
like it. I think Bruce would, too, except that it'd be kind of hard to get off
quick."

"And more on that later, too," Wanda laughed. "So are you going to stay in
costume?"

"For a little while, if that's all right."

"It sure is. By the way, Linda Carter never looked so good."

"That's her name!"

"And she's an old woman now, but she still looks good."

"Like Clarice," Wendy observed.

"We're getting off track. Kim?"

"I'm ready to strip naked again."

"Why?"

"I'm just not a naughty nurse," Kim shrugged.

"Giving rectal exam's was pretty naughty."

"It was fun but I'm ready for reality again."

"Stop right there," Wanda said sternly. "Lecture time. I hear a lot of women
say, 'Oh, I'm just not the glamorous kind' or 'I'm just not good at sports,' or
'I just can't... whatever.'"

Wanda looked around the room, inhaled deeply, and yelled, "BULL SHIT!" at the
top of her lungs. "You _CAN_ be glamorous. You _CAN_ become good at sports with
practice and instruction. _YOU_! Every one of you. You can be sexy, but you can
also be prim. You can be exotic but you can also be plain. You can be lazy but
you can also be energetic. You may be fat but you can also be fit. You can be
anything you want to be, got it?" She smiled at her students. "Say 'yes,
mother'," Wanda laughed.

"Yes, mother dear," they all laughed back.

"OK, now that you've accepted that you can be whatever you want to be, let's
decide how we're going to do that. Any ideas? Well, let me pick on somebody.
Jennifer, come on up here. So, what makes you 'prim and proper'?"

"Hair up. Nothing sexy."

"With your legs? You can't help but be sexy," Laura muttered.

"RIGHT!" Wanda yelled again. "Does Jennifer look sexy?" They all agreed that she
did. "But why?"

"Short skirt."

"Her legs."

"But this does look proper for a librarian. It is proper. I guess I picked the
wrong person. OK, class, let's pick on Laura. Does she look sexy?"

"Kinda," Debbie shrugged.

"Why?"

"It's tight."

"But it doesn't show off her boobs," Kaitlyn added, twisting her mouth in
thought, her head tilted. "You've got too much butt for Kat Woman. I mean, it's
different and kind of sexy but you'd look sexier in... I don't know, but
something that makes the most of what you have."

"Or minimizes it, in the case of your butt. Do you know how much butt you've
lost?" Wanda asked Laura.

"Enough that my old pants won't stay up," Laura blushed, remembering the shorts
that Bill brought for her over the weekend.

"So you're a future Kat Woman," Wanda pronounced. "As soon as you're Kat Woman
size, if--and that's _IF_--you want to get down to that size. OK, gals. Our
challenge is to make Laura sexy. Is this a big challenge?"

"Not with those boobs," Kim snickered.

"Well, what role from the wheel should we make her?"

"I vote for whore house madam," Kaitlyn suggested. "Dolly Parton isn't exactly
skinny."

"So it's 'Best Little Whore House in Texas'," Wanda laughed. "Do you agree,
Laura?"

"I'm no Dolly Parton." But she also remembered how much hubby liked corsets.

Wanda bowed her head and folded her hands. "Let us play. Oh Lord, give us the
inspiration to make sure that this lady, Laura, our friend, classmate, and
sometimes lover, fulfills her duties to her husband by becoming the best whore
house madam that ever was. Everybody say 'AMEN'."

They laughed as they echoed, "Amen!"

"How do we start?" Wanda asked.

"Corset. Sexy one with wide straps." Kaitlyn answered quickly.

"How 'bout some falsies to make even more of her top? At one time or another,
every woman I know wants more up here," Wanda told her class, cupping under her
boobs and pushing up. "But none of you are candidates for augmentation, so some
temporary enhancement will do. First, let's try my favorites." She went to a
cupboard and came out with a pair of latex half breasts.

They laced Laura into what they all agreed was the sexiest corset on the racks,
a boned, black lace, 'Merry Widow' number, and retightened the lacing twice.
Wanda and the class helped Laura try on half a dozen different kinds of falsies.
In the end, everyone agreed with Wanda that the soft latex temporary
augmentation looked and felt best with the corset.

As a group, the class decided that a madam needed whores so they all picked out
sexy lingerie to "advertise" their bodies. While they did so, they discussed
prostitution.

"To some extent, we're all whores," Wanda insisted. "Women sell a smile and
conversation for a meal. That's what most dates are."

"But prostitution involves sex. The physical body in some sort of sexual
activity," one of them stated.

"Not really," Darlene argued. "I've read that a lot of times all the guy wants
to do is talk. That's why we're taking all these classes on communications."

The discussion included the differences between 'street walkers', workers in a
bordello, and classy call girls and escorts. Much of their knowledge of
prostitution came from the movies and all agreed that their favorite was 'Pretty
Woman' because of the romance.

Everyone looked sexy when they went to supper. It was there that Wanda told
them, "You've done great. Do you realize that you've become whores for the
night? Bordello whores right out of the movies. Your guys would love it. And,
oh, I almost forgot. Laura? Your hubby's visiting tonight."




Chapter Twenty-nine -- Games (kinky) People Play

"Well?" several of the women asked Laura at breakfast.

"You remember the cucumber jokes?" Laura asked. "Well, cucumbers are better than
men because they never want you to leave your shoes on in bed," she giggled. "Or
a corset and falsies." She laughed again. "I did finally get naked but it was
really late by then and I was pooped. I think I prefer to hold off my orgasms
until just before falling asleep. Bucking around in a boned corset can be a real
pain, if you know what I mean."

"But was it good?"

"Fantastic," Laura grinned.

"Well?" the others demanded. "We want details!"

Laura proudly described how she escorted her husband through a gauntlet of
scantily clad 'whores' who offered their services to him. "But he said he'd
rather have me," she smiled.

"We know that," Debbie snapped. "We were there, remember?"

"Well, when we got to the bedroom over in the old house, he told me that he
couldn't afford me because I was priceless," she said with a smile, tears
filling her eyes. "So I said since I was priceless, there could be no charge for
my services."

"Are you all right?" Kaitlyn asked, concerned to see the older woman crying.

"It was wonderful," she wailed, weeping openly. "He treated me like a whore. He
told me 'get your pants off' and the bed was really high so the mattress was up
to my butt and he just opened his pants and stuck... He just fucked me while I
was sitting right on the edge of the bed and he was standing between my legs and
I hooked my heels behind his legs and... And... And it was so perfect that... I
came from fucking, just fucking. I couldn't help it. I just exploded."

She took a deep breath, trying to regain her composure. "Bill was so... I don't
know, hot? Horny? Wild and uninhibited. He really wanted me. Me! I got excited
just as soon as I saw him. Anyway, he told me, 'You got off, but you're supposed
to be servicing me'. Usually after I come I just lay there and wallow in the
feelings, but I was a whore, you know? I really felt like one. I was...well, it
was my job to get him off so I slid down on my knees and sucked his cock. Gawd,
but I felt like a whore, and I was about a smidgen from coming just from sucking
his cock."

"It was so fantastic," she told her roommates. "He told me, 'Enough of that. Now
you fuck me.' So I, well, I pushed him down on the bed and climbed on and rode
him. He said stuff like 'fuck me' and 'fuck your sloppy puss on my cock' and
'ride my cock, you whore'. Gad, but I got off when he called me his whore. It's
like Clarice says, 'Whore in the bedroom.' And you know what? I came again."

Smiling, completely in control again, she went on. "I think I like being on top.
Anyway, I started kind of jumping, riding him like a bronco, bouncing on the
mattress so he was going in and out and KERPOW! I came again. Me! Three times in
one night and we were still in our first fuck." Then she blushed. "I can't
believe I'm saying the F-word so much. But that's what it was, just raw sex. And
I loved it!"

"Did Bill ever get off?" Kim asked.

"In my asshole," the grandmother answered, a little embarrassed as she bragged
about her expertise as a wife-whore. "I was so juiced up with natural lubricant
that neither of us was getting much friction after that first groups of cums so,
well...I know Clarice said that lots of lube is essential and Vaseline is best
and all that, but I'd read those books about doing it with just...well, with
just natural lubrication so I got up on my feet on the bed and squatted over
Bill's cock and aimed it at my asshole and I just sat down."

"It didn't hurt?" Kim asked, her own bottom hole still sore, so abused that she
had to take stool softeners and insert suppositories to prevent ripping stitches
or opening wounds.

"Not at first," Laura smiled. "I'd coated his cock with a _lot_ of pussy juice
and squatting helped me open up and I've gotten to where I can push out and then
relax. I was afraid for a minute because I didn't, you know, prepare... You
know, no enema. But I usually go in the morning so it worked out OK. Sort of.
Anyway, once he was in, I was sort of stuck there. My legs aren't strong enough
to do a zillion deep knee bends like that, but Bill started rocking so all I had
to do was sit. But the insides of my butt hole must have absorbed my juices
because the friction started to make my butt burn. It was hot!"

"Hot like burn or hot like hot, you know, hot?" Kaitlyn queried.

"Hot like this," Laura replied, rubbing Kaitlyn's arm briskly with her hand,
producing a sensation of warmth. "And that's what made me even more hot as in
turned on like crazy but not turned on like I was going to come. Anyway, then
Bill said, 'Play with yourself, whore. I want to see my whore get off on me.' So
I did. I've got his hard cock up my butt and he's playing with my nipples and he
wants me to diddle myself. Man, did I ever get into that! He was rocking in and
out and my hand's swiping my clit' like crazy and he's pinching my tits harder
and harder and I'm getting more and more turned on. It was the most fantastic
sexual experience I've ever had."

When she didn't say anything more, her audience prompted, "And?"

"And... this is the best part... and we were in a rhythm where everything was
synchronized. He pumped my butt faster and pinched faster and I diddled faster
and then we came," she smiled, absolutely swooning in front of the crowd around
her that now included members of other classes. "We, both of us, my first and
only ever simultaneous orgasm. It was so wild. I could feel his cock in my ass,
spasming like 'uh...uh...uh'," she told them, tapping her right hand on the
table. "And I was spasming like 'ah...ah...ah' at the same time going
'uh.ah.uh.ah.uh' so that all the feelings mixed together into this massive
orgasm that went on forever for both of us."

"Wow!" most everyone gasped, impressed and a bit jealous.

"I'd like to tell you that it went on all night like that, but us old folks
needed our rest after that one," she smiled. "I was so pooped that I woke up
with my high heels still on. And, oh dear, I've got myself all hot and horny,
and Bill won't be back until the weekend."

"When there'll be an encore," Debbie chuckled, starting to clap her hands.
Everyone joined in and stood to give Laura a standing ovation.

Laura held up her hand, signaling for quiet. As the applause died down, she
announced, "I'm going to be a grandma. My daughter-in-law, Marilyn, is
pregnant." Everyone congratulated her and then settled down to finish breakfast.

"Did anybody else have any fun yesterday?" Clarice asked them.

"Sort of," several answered. "But it was kind of 'blah' compared to Tuesday."

"You need to accept that 'blah' is pretty normal. Spectacular sex is a once in a
while event that depends on planning to set the stage and then a bit of luck,"
Clarice told them. "I'm sure we've all had disasters that were funny later on
but had us crying puddles when they happened. I remember one time that I went to
meet Red at his office wearing nothing but my raincoat, high heels, and
stockings. It was raining so I knew I wouldn't stick out. But I had a flat. I
popped the top button off my raincoat when I was changing the tire and ended up
splattered with mud. When I finally got to Red's office, he was gone for the
afternoon with a new client who had an urgent problem."

"But it gets worse. I was upset but I had also got myself all horny with these
fantasies of great sex and I wasn't paying attention to my driving. I rear ended
a dump truck. So I'm out with a cop in the rain, my car is undriveable, and I'm
naked under a raincoat that's missing a top button so I'm showing all sorts of
cleavage while I'm signing the ticket for failing to pay attention to my
driving. Then the tow truck pulls away with my car. Well, I'd left my purse and
keys in the car so I'm in this cop car with nothing but my copy of the ticket
and my driver's license, naked under a raincoat. My husband is out so I can't
get hold of him. This was before pagers, you see."

"Anyway, it was only a few more blocks to our house, so I decided to walk home
because the only money I had was in my purse and cabs don't take checks,"
Clarice continued. "By the time I got home, my feet were killing me because I
wore 'fuck me' pumps that definitely aren't designed for walking in. I'm soaked,
cold, and miserable, and I'm hoping that there would be some way for me to get
in the house. Lo and behold, Red's car is in the driveway and the front door is
open, so I snuck in real quiet to surprise him. I see him bent over the kitchen
table looking at some papers or something, so I ripped open my raincoat and
yelled, 'Ta-Daa!' And guess what?"

"It wasn't Red," Clarice laughed. "It was his new client who had just moved into
our neighborhood just a few doors down. He just about had a heart attack when he
saw me, and I just about died when I realized it wasn't Red, and then Red came
out of the kitchen where he was making coffee."

"That must have been terrible," Darlene gasped out.

Clarice just laughed harder. "Red and I had already talked about our 'wife slut'
fantasies but we had never done anything up to that point," she grinned. "Red
just calmly introduced us and politely took my raincoat, explaining very
matter-of-factly that we had talked about sex fantasies and would Ralf mind if I
didn't dress? I just about freaked out because we hadn't actually done anything
up 'til then, not even flashing. My whole body was just one big blush, but I
took a deep breath and poured them both coffee before I went to dry myself off."

"Well, I put on fresh stockings and a garter belt and joined them again. Red
asked Ralf if he'd like to get off and said I'd do anything... realize that this
was before AIDS, mind you. Ralf was cool and old fashioned. He said, 'no, thank
you. You're gorgeous but I won't cheat on my wife,' and was a perfect gentleman
until they finished their work. Well, when he left, Red used me. I was way too
up tight to get off but we still laugh about it to this day."

"But... Well, did you... Was it fun?" the never bashful Kaitlyn asked.

"Absolutely. Later on, Marion, Ralf's wife, and I used to play all sorts of sexy
games with our husbands, but we never did actually have intercourse with anyone
but our own husband."

"Had you already been through 'good wife' training?" someone asked.

"Yes. But not here. And Marion went before we started playing together. Oh,
well. I've taken up some of your class time telling my stories. It's time for
you to run off and create some memories of your own. Now scoot."

"We can just start here," Wanda said. "Everybody get fresh coffee or juice and
we'll get started with another class on communications. Has everyone thought
about your next phone sex scenario? You're going to be graded again on..."

They spent the next hour discussing sexy talk. To end the discussion, Wanda
shared her own embarrassing story about how she left pornographic messages on
her husband's voice-mail. He is a contractor and was out on a job, so he called
and asked his secretary to check his voice mail and let him know if he had any
important messages. "She called him back and said that there was one urgent
message," Wanda laughed. "And she repeated my message word-for-word, something
like, 'Hi, mother fucker. Your favorite mother is ready for some hot fucking as
soon as you can get home. I've got a big rubber plug up my ass and a bigger
dildo in my pussy and gloss on my lips so you can use any or all of my holes.
Hurry home, you horny mother fucker,' or words to that effect. He was cool. He
just asked Paula to call me back and say he'd be home late, and to keep
everything hot for him."

"Did she?" Jennifer asked.

"Yep," Wanda giggled. "OK, our next class is some BDSM fun but not in the
dungeon. You won't have a dungeon at home but it's still fun to play, so we're
going to have fun with ordinary household bondage equipment and things that are
readily available from neighborhood stores. What can you guys think of to use
for bondage? Wendy?"

"Old neckties and scarves."

"Pretty ordinary stuff and that's not an original idea," Wanda told them. "Use
your imagination. We're still on bondage. How about you, Kaitlyn?"

"Rope's pretty obvious."

"Sure, but you need to learn to tie knots and that'll be our next class just
before phys' ed' and dinner. By the way, I'm going to award spankings to anybody
who repeats a household bondage idea or who fails to come up with a new idea in
fifteen seconds. So, who's next? Kim?"

Ideas included old panty hose, duct tape, adhesive tape, cords from sashes and
blinds, electrical cords, fishing line, kite string, and torn sheets and rags
before anyone was awarded a spanking. "You're not using your imaginations,"
Wanda told them after each of them had received a spanking with a wicked leather
paddle that stung like crazy. "Let me give you some ideas. Come on down to the
play room."

Kim found herself immobilized with cardboard rolled around her arms and legs. It
was impossible to get up without help but her pussy and tits were available for
erotic play. Darlene's bondage was the opposite. She was ordered to put on a
turtleneck body suit and tight jeans, then Wanda slipped a wire lock like those
used to seal electrical boxes through a hole in her belt, the tab of the zipper,
and the belt's buckle creating a chastity outfit from which she couldn't escape
without detection. The diabolical part was that no one would even notice since
the lock was hidden behind the belt.

Jennifer found out that plastic grocery bags are pretty tough and no one could
deny that they're always available. Wanda showed the class how they can be
strung together to form a long chain by pulling one through the handles of
another. Laura was immobilized with belts and dog collars. Maria discovered that
plastic wrap is even tougher than plastic grocery bags. Debbie found out that a
few twist ties from bread bags, used properly on thumbs and big toes, were
almost impossible to escape and that they were also useful on nipples. Kaitlyn
ended up wrapped in aluminum foil and Wendy learned new uses for dental floss.

"So let's talk about safety," Wanda chuckled once the whole class was immobile.
"Anybody really hurting? No? Good. But what if I began teasing you sexually,
Wendy? Or tickled."

"It'd hurt. This stuff cuts," she said as the thin dental floss dug into her
skin.

"Right. It's also impossible to untie, so have scissors or a knife or even
fingernail clippers ready for the escape. And _never_ leave someone alone when
they're helpless. NEVER! Not even for a few minutes. Murphy's Law applies to
bondage at least as much as the rest of your life. OK, let's get you out of this
stuff and get back to something a little more normal...like rope. Right after we
get some refreshments." The daily late-morning juice and fruit was cut short
because it took so long to release everyone from their unusual bondage.

"Welcome to the ropes class," Nancy greeted them. "You're going to spend most of
the next two days literally 'learning the ropes'. We'll also play some kinky
games and have some fun."

They all remembered others dressed in ropes as each of them got two eight-foot
lengths of nylon rope. "Rope is useless without knots so we're going to learn a
lot about knots," Nancy lectured. "We'll only have time to teach you the basic
knots and selected techniques. You decide if you like rope bondage. If you do,
keep learning new techniques and knots. There's a real art to it, especially the
Japanese stylized rope work. If you could care less about it, I hope you'll at
least remember the basics because you might have to tie up a robber some day."

"There are three basic categories of knots: joining knots, anchor knots, and
hitches. I'll also teach you a few miscellaneous knots such as the tightening
knots. They don't fall into one of the main categories but you may find them
useful. They're often used in combinations so you need to learn all of them.
Now, does anybody know the characteristics of a good knot?"

"I guess that it holds tight," Kaitlyn ventured.

"And?" Nancy prompted. When everyone appeared stumped, she gave them the answer.
"The two characteristics of a good knot are, first, it has to hold securely,
and, second, it has to be easy to untie. When I say easy, I mean that it doesn't
lock up so that you can't get it loose without tools or undue force."

"Your objective is to tie good knots with all kinds of rope. A little help from
friction makes hemp and cotton rope hold securely even with bad knots although
you may have to cut the rope to release your partner. If you can tie your
partner securely with cotton rope, you'll pass...barely. To get a C and avoid
punishment, you..." Nancy continued her lecture. To earn an A+ required fancy
stylistic rope work that was decorative as well as secure.

They started with joining knots. For some of them, it was hard to tie a simple
square knot consistently. Others learned the sheet bend, double figure eight,
water knot, and fisherman's knot. They started practicing so Nancy could work
one-on-one with those having difficulty. By the end of the hour, they had
covered the basic anchor knots, especially the bowline, and all of the common
hitches, the girth hitch, timber hitch, clove hitch, and half hitch.

"If you get stumped while doing your homework, there are Boy Scout knot books in
each room," Nancy chuckled as Laura again tried to tie a square knot to join the
ends of her length of nylon rope. And once again she ended up with a granny
knot. "Keep practicing and you'll eventually get it, but we need to move on to
using rope for bondage."

"The most comfortable as well as most secure tie is what's called 'a wrap and a
frap'." Nancy dimmed the lights and showed a series of slides as she spoke. "If
you're securing ankles together, for example, start with a clove hitch, then
wrap the rope up your victim's legs. The number of wraps depends on how you
feel, how immobile you want your victim to feel, how much rope you have, and how
thick that rope is. Once you've wrapped, you frap it, which is just a couple of
wraps over the wraps ending in another hitch. A famous bondage artist named John
Willie called fraps a 'twitch' but we'll use the more common term. Now pair off,
lay down next to each other in a 69, and wrap & frap each other's ankles."

Nancy watched, making them wrap tighter and frap snugly. She was pleased to see
Laura tie good hitches. 'If only the woman would learn right over left, then
left over right,' Nancy thought. Once everyone's legs were bound, they compared
the ties. Kaitlyn had used every inch of her rope to wrap Kim's calves almost to
the knees so that Kim's legs were almost completely immobilized. Nancy pointed
out that Debbie made only four wraps around Jennifer's ankles, allowing lots of
leg movement. Jennifer could even open her knees more than a foot.

"Good, you've all gotten the idea. Now let's try using the same technique on the
arms. Wrapping up the forearms behind the back is very secure but somewhat
uncomfortable unless you're flexible. That's why fitness is important. Men
especially like to force a woman's elbows together behind a woman's back because
it forces her chest out and enhances her figure. But a wrap and frap can be
effective bondage for arms in front of the body, too. Stay in the same pairs,
but Jennifer, tie Debbie. Darlene, tie Laura. Kim, do Kaitlyn. Wendy, do Maria."

Nancy commented on technique and offered suggestions, because Laura couldn't
quite get her elbows together. "Your boobs still look great," Nancy told them.
"Look in the mirror." Even though she was uncomfortable, Laura admitted she
looked smashing.

Nancy critiqued the bindings, then had the pairs switch. "Speed is important,"
she told the newly designated tops. "It's boring and a turn-off if the top
dawdles around and doesn't seem to know what he or she is doing, so from now on,
pick it up. Just wrap, wrap, wrap, wrap, wrap, frap, frap, and tie off. Have any
of you ever watched rodeo calf roping? Do it like that. Now go."

The critique this time was different. "You need to be both fast and good," she
told them. "And that takes practice. It's almost time for dinner, so I'm going
to introduce you to your first body tie. Again, it comes from the famous
cartoonist John Willie. It's called the 'G-string tie'. He described it in a
letter to one of his kinky friends."

She passed out handouts describing and illustrating the tie and some variations,
and then cautioned everyone that, "if you use the clove hitch around the wrists,
make sure to use a large diameter rope and watch your bottom for signs of
compromised circulation. It's OK if your bottom's hands get cold and numb as
long as you don't leave them in that condition for too long. As a general rule,
twenty minutes won't cause any harm, but for safety, fifteen minutes is more
realistic. And guess what that means?"

"We get our watches back?" Kaitlyn, always the first to speak, reasoned.

"Correct," Nancy grinned and passed out watches to the six women who had worn
one the night they were kidnapped into the GWU. "Now let's tie each other up.
Same pairs. Use the G-string on your partners."

They quickly learned how securely rope can bind a woman. Just before dinner,
Nancy had them switch off so everyone got to try the tie. Then she announced
that anyone who escaped the tie by the end of dinner hour would get a special
reward. Nancy quickly applied the G-string tie to those who had been temporary
tops, and then sent everyone off to exercise, hurrying them along with her
riding crop.

"How are we supposed to exercise in these?" Kaitlyn complained, lifting her foot
shod in ankle-strap high-heeled sandals.

"Use your imagination," Nancy told her. "OK, everyone. I won't let you untie
each other, so what are your other alternatives?" They discussed them and
decided that they didn't want to try a hard workout in heels so they helped each
other remove the heels. Most exercised in their bare feet but Debbie and Kim
helped each other into athletic shoes secured with Velcro and challenged each
other to a run while in bondage.

Exercising in bondage was interesting but showering afterwards was a riot. Using
bar soap was out of the question but Wendy and Maria discovered that they could
squirt liquid soap and then wash each other by rubbing their bodies together.
Soon, all eight women were withering [shall we leave this in for Celeste?]
against each other while bound with nylon rope. When they playfully squirted
soap on Nancy and splashed her with water, she stripped and joined them,
playfully slapping wet bottoms with her hand. Breasts and elbows stroked through
butt cracks and into a partner's armpits.

Nancy became top to all eight, directing half the women to take one of the small
towels in their teeth to pat the other women somewhat dry and then reverse
roles. She herded the damp, bare footed women to the dining hall, then ordered
the eight slaves to 'eat like bitches' from plates placed on the floor. "Aren't
my little doggies cute?" she asked the seniors. "Such adorable pets."

Cleaning up after dinner consisted of licking each other's faces clean. If they
were careless and bits of food dropped onto a boob, of course, they had to clean
that up too. "Are you getting the idea?" Nancy asked after herding them back to
the dungeon. "I'm not going to ask right now if anybody's getting turned on by
helplessness. It's a bit hard to admit out loud but if it does turn you on, at
least admit it to yourself."

She demonstrated how easily good knots could be 'broken' as she untied all eight
women in less than a minute and began a new lecture on ropes, showing slides of
Japanese bondage. "Aesthetics are important," she told them. "The visual effect
of artfully used rope can create the impression of bondage but leave you
complete freedom. In many cases, that's all you need to turn your man on.
Besides, it can be a lot of fun. Does anybody do macram? Too bad. It's good
practice. Anyway, what do you think might be important in turning on a man?"

"Boobs," Kaitlyn chuckled loudly.

"Exactly," Nancy agreed. "Did you notice that every single tie in the slides
framed the bottom's breasts? Some of the ties squished their breasts and some
made them protrude and some supported them and some just loosely framed them for
visual effect, but whenever you're body-binding a woman, consider the visual
effect on the breasts."

"The next important consideration is balance, especially left and right balance.
Lopsided bondage is ugly and crude, while well-balanced rope work can be
beautiful and you can do beautiful things with nothing more than a few square
knots. Let's switch to some cotton rope, but first, why cotton?"

"You said it holds well and, ah, can be secure even with bad knots," Kaitlyn
remembered.

"And that's true but what else?" When no one came up with any suitable answers,
she told her class, "Well, here are the reasons for using cotton rope. One, it's
cheap. Two, it's readily available even in Giant or Safeway food stores. Three,
it can be dyed to any color to enhance the visual effects. Four, it holds knots
beautifully. Five, it's fairly comfortable. So if you're going to be using a lot
of rope, cotton's a good choice in the United States. Now, remembering the
principles of balance and enhancing beauty, let's get started."

They spent half the afternoon tying, untying, and retying each other with cotton
rope, some of it dyed bright colors or a flat black. Debbie was brave enough to
combine white, black, and red into a beautiful network all over Jennifer's body.

The last formal classes before supper began with another lecture by Nancy.
"Bondage is really all about sensations, your physical, psychological, and
emotional feelings. Sometimes pain, sometimes pleasure, often a mixture while
you're helpless to prevent or even alleviate those feelings. So far, we've
inflicted no pain and very little discomfort. It's now that time. So where are
you most physically sensitive?"

"Nipples" and "clitoris" were universal answers, although Darlene said
"everywhere" and others were sensitive on or around their necks, ear lobes,
fannies, anal orifices, and even feet. Nancy directed them in creating rope work
to stimulate sensitive areas. "One of the easiest and most popular rope for
physical effects is the crotch rope," she told them. "That effect can be
enhanced by knots, twists, and braids. Once again, my personal preference is
cotton because you can smear it with Vaseline to make it smoother and slick, or
you can leave it dry and knotted to increase friction. Start with something
around the waist. It can be a separate rope, a bondage belt of some sort, or
incorporated into a more complicated tie. Then loop the rope between the butt
crack and up the front. It's there that you get to play."

She described and demonstrated a variety of knots to pull between pussy lips to
provide stimulation "and just a bit of pain or discomfort." Then she showed them
various ways to cause the crotch rope to pull and move with other body
movements. "It can be the sweetest torture," she sighed, looking all
dreamy-eyed.

The class ended with psychological stimulation "where you create sensitivity and
stimulation that's contradictory. Do you know what I mean?"

"Oh, yeah," Maria replied before Kaitlyn could open her mouth. "I feel that all
the time, the mix of embarrassment and arousal, of pain and pleasure, of
helplessness and power, of comfort and discomfort."

"Can you give me an example?"

"Sure. Like the clit' knots. For me, it's too rough. It almost hurts every time
it rubs, but it turns me on, too. Especially when you say I have to do it
whether I like it or not. I suffer from Catholic guilt, you know," Maria
grinned.

"I didn't know but I had a strong suspicion," Nancy laughed. "So you're going to
intentionally create those conflicting feelings with our bondage, both physical
and psychological. How strong the stimulation and feelings are depends on
everyone involved but mostly the bottom. You still haven't finished your classes
on negotiation so there's more to learn about setting limits but stretching
them. Just acknowledge that it's what we're all about."

The session ended with an introduction to roping each other to objects but there
was no time to practice. Homework consisted of practicing erotic rope bondage on
each other and then writing about their feeling both while tying up a partner
and while in bondage.




Good Wife University (GWU) bi bobbi jo greene-wood
Chapter Thirty -- Ace is the Place with the Helpful Hardware

There was so much to talk about and so little time. They all wanted to talk
about their experiences massaging the freshmen to orgasm. Only Bea had been able
to resist their efforts. She grimaced and tensed and simply refused to allow her
body to get turned on. They had tried increasing the spankings to painful
levels, then they tried stronger stimulation, even resorting to plug-in
vibrators. Nothing seemed to work.

Clarice suggested that they were trying too hard. She speculated that the harder
they tried to make Bea come, the more she resisted. "Try backing off and just
making the experience pleasant. Then, when she doesn't expect it, try again
without letting her know what you're doing."

"Do you think we're making any progress?" Debbie asked.

"I think so," Darlene replied since she had massaged the woman the night before.
"She really did get relaxed. And the potent pussy cream is having the desired
effect. I think she was actually horny last night."

"I've got her tonight. Do you think it's too early to go for broke?" Jennifer
asked.

"Let's give her one more day of frustration," Laura suggested. "Maybe the idea
of seeing her husband again on Sunday will help get her off."

"Sounds good. How's everybody else doing? The freshmen, I mean," Maria asked.

"They're just like I was," Kaitlyn laughed. "Terrified at first and now really
getting into it."

"I kind of miss getting massages like that," Laura sighed.

"I'd be glad to give you a massage any time you like," Darlene told her. "It's
fun getting other people off. Would you like to go over there now?"

"Too much homework," Laura sighed. "I think I've finally got the square knot
down pat," she bragged, knotting her nylon rope behind her back and checking
that she had a proper square knot. Whose turn is it to get tied up?"

"I've lost track but you can tie me," Maria volunteered.

"As long as I play with your pussy, right?"

"Well..." Maria blushed, the rush of blood obvious even with her dark
pigmentation.

"I'm going to make you horny and then make you get yourself off," Laura snarled.
"Get over here and bring your ropes."

"Yes, mistress," Maria replied, hurrying over with her ropes clenched in her
teeth. Besides the thick nylon ropes they all now carried day and night, Laura
brought out a coil of cotton rope and went to work on Maria.

"Come on, you horny old slut," Kaitlyn teased Darlene. "I want to give you a
massage."

"Only if I get to return the favor," Darlene told the kid.

"Only if I get to return the favor," Kaitlyn repeated in a mocking tone. "When
we're done, I want you to tie me up and make me sleep in the ropes."

Jennifer just sat back and smiled. Each of them had developed a sexual
personality and preferences. Darlene wanted to get off--again and again and
again. Katy preferred a long tease that sometimes lasted days so that she would
have one huge explosion. Maria had a deep need to be relieved of responsibility
for her pleasure. Laura and Debbie were mellow and accepting of new things but
really liked their sex plain and sweet. Jennifer worried a bit about Kim, who
had withdrawn after the anal rape by her husband. "Want to play for a bit?" she
asked Kim, gently touching the side of the little EurAsian woman's face.

"I was just wondering if I'm healed up enough," Kim told her tall classmate.
"That's the worst part of this whole thing. I was really getting into anal stuff
and then Roger split my butt hole. If we're real careful, I think I'd like it."

"I could put your suppository in," Jennifer teased.

"It is mostly grease," she giggled, taking out one of her foil pouches that
contained a bullet-shaped antibiotic suppository. "I wonder if it wouldn't be
enough lube."

"Let's find out," Jennifer grinned, taking the packet and ripping it open as she
led Kim to her bed. 'I'm just a slut,' Jennifer contemplated as she pushed the
slimy pill into Kim's abused rear hole and then planted her mouth over the
almost hairless pussy that seemed irresistible. 'I love it all but not too much
of any one thing. I wonder what's next? Guess I need to check the schedule.'

-*-

As upperclassmen, the group was allowed evening and weekend dates with their
husbands. Each date was an exercise in communications and sex. Darlene spent a
weekday evening with her husband and all weekend with her kids. Ultra sexy
lingerie, a well-greased butt plug, and several vibrators added excitement.
Laura and Bill began to get into a bit of exhibitionism. He loved his wife's new
shape and her selection of sexy foundations and dresses that always displayed
cleavage and shapely legs. Debbie and Dan spent most of their time talking,
still learning about each other, and planning their wedding. Once Dan got over
being denied intercourse, it was fun to figure out all the different ways they
could get each other off short of that full sex act. Kaitlyn talked with Bruce,
too, but they needed to get sex out of the way quickly, then talk for awhile,
then do it again. Both were very much into oral sex, a bit afraid for the baby
now that Kaitlyn's tummy was becoming a bit rounded.

The rest of them got boy toys to play with on Saturday. They practiced bondage,
oral skills, and masturbation, enjoying it but finding something lacking. "It's
love," they all agreed.

"It's going to be so great with a husband, somebody I really love and trust,"
Jennifer sighed as they sent the college boys packing on Sunday. "I have no idea
where I'm going to find him, but I need a kinky guy to love and cherish who's at
least six eight."

"Me, too," Wendy agreed. "Kinky, anyway. I came here thinking I was lesbian and
now, well, lesbian sex is nice but boring. The guys are all so different and so
exciting. I worry, though, that I'll always want women."

"No worry there," Maria laughed. "All the guys think that lesbians are the
sexiest things alive. Haven't you noticed?"

"Especially kinky lesbians," Kim laughed. "They all love the spankings and rope
and stuff."

"I think it's just variety--you know, new things. They've all heard about stuff
like that but they've never done it, so it's new and different and exciting.
That's the way I feel, anyway," Jennifer told the group. "Well, let's get our
homework done."

"But not quite all of it, huh?" Maria teased. "I want my spankings."

-*-

Monday was leather day. They explored leather wear and leather bondage
equipment, wallowing in the feel and smell of the natural material. They learned
about the different kinds of leather and how to care for it properly. There were
even a couple of classes on working and sewing leather and handouts on where to
get tools and materials. "Everybody should have some skins," Lucy told them.
"Just for fun."

Tuesday was rubber day, a whole day to explore the wonders of stretchy latex.
They had all worn rubber garments of some sort during the first seven weeks at
GWU. Some liked it, some didn't. But everyone found something she liked, even if
it was just a pink, pliable dildo.

The schedule for Wednesday and Thursday just said, 'ACE' for the main topic.
They all wondered what they were in for and tried to remember what the juniors
had worn six weeks earlier. "I know," Kaitlyn had grinned the night before, "But
I'm not telling."

Gwen, who had greeted them their first night, was back. They all hugged and
kissed her in greeting. "So, is everyone glad you came?" Gwen asked at
breakfast.

Only Darlene had misgivings. "I really miss my kids."

"I know," Gwen smiled sympathetically. "But it won't be long now. Starting next
week, we'll be putting everything together, but today we're back to reality.
Does anybody know how much leather ankle cuffs cost? Or a leather corset? Well,
that's why we emphasized rope for bondage. I'd love to have dozens of leather
outfits from the inside out, but they're expensive, so today we're going back to
the corner store."

"Ace is the place with the helpful hardware man," Kaitlyn sung out, proud that
she had figured out the theme for the day's activities.

"Well, I usually shop at Home Depot," Gwen laughed, "Or at the ServiStar on the
corner, but you're right. It's off to the hardware store for today's kinks. Come
on."

Gwen unlocked the door to another room in the basement, one they hadn't visited
before. Inside was a mock-up of a hardware store that was short on its stock of
paint and wallpaper but had a large selection of "fun stuff," as Gwen put it.
The 'fun stuff' filled half the room. The other side was set up like an
efficiency apartment minus one wall. It even included a tiny patio with
inexpensive outdoor furniture and a bathroom without walls.

"It'd be great if we could all afford to put a dungeon playroom in our basement
at home," Gwen told them. "The house that Rodney and I have doesn't even have a
basement, so we improvised. Unless you're wealthy or hit the lottery, chances
are that you'll be in similar shape. But playing sexy games in an ordinary house
can be really exciting, too."

"For me, it's even wilder than a dungeon scene. There's the added danger of one
of your friends dropping by while you're chained to the bed naked," Gwen
whispered, grinning. "Or rushing to hide the chains from last night when your
mother or mother-in-law drops by first thing in the morning. And, like you've
already been told, everything you need is right around the corner."

"Let's start off with sexy looking stuff," Gwen smiled from her position facing
the front of the group. "Chains. Guys love the look of chains and so do most
women. How many of you have worn a bikini chain or belly chain? How about an
ankle chain? Jewelry, right? Well, there's an element of visual bondage in them.
Real chain is even sexier for a lot of us. So let's talk about chain."

"Here's a common dog chain," Gwen said, holding it up where everyone could see.
"It usually comes in a plastic package and it's made of twisted steel wire. It's
fairly strong but each link is really two in kind of a twisted figure-8, see?
You can buy it off a roll, too. Most of the home-type swing sets use chain like
this, too. The twist is in the middle and there are sharp points. Here, feel."

As eight naked women fondled the dog chain, Gwen went on. "The most comfortable
chains have welded or soldered links that are smooth but these tend to be
heavier. Personally, I like the weight and feel of a good steel chain. When I
wear it out, people wonder, 'Is she really kinky or what?'"

"OK, so what other toys can you find in here?" Gwen asked. "Use your
imaginations. Hey, have you done nipple torture yet?"

"No, and I don't intend to," Darlene announced loudly.

"Then you haven't done whips yet either," Gwen chuckled. "I agree that it was
probably the worst part of my time here, but everybody goes through it. I guess
nipple torture starts today once we get you all chained up. Tomorrow we do
whips. It's not as bad as it sounds."

"Just kissing a woman, you know, with tongue, sounded pretty bad before I came
here," Kaitlyn chimed in, unable to stop herself from talking. "But now I like
everything. I bet I even like nipple stuff because my nip's are wired right to
my puss' for sure."

"Let's get back to chains," Gwen laughed. "Before we get off schedule again.
Check out some of the possibilities here. We have decorative chains. They won't
take much weight and you can generally break them with your hands. That type of
chain is designed for holding up swag lamps or for decorating accents, but it
still looks pretty good. It's light and the good quality chain is smooth. It's
also available in gold and black."

"Then we have this twisted chain that's designed to lay flat. Each link is
separate. I like to use this for necklaces. It makes a cheap but attractive
slave collar that's just kinky enough to be fun. It also makes people wonder.
The only disadvantage to it is that there isn't much room to attach other links
in the middle. Now, how are we going to join our chains?" Gwen asked them.

"Locks," Kaitlyn blurted out.

"And every hardware store can special order sets that use identical keys. That's
really handy for kinky play. Believe me, it's a real pain to be locked in a
heavy chain when you lose the key. There are some other alternatives, mainly
wire and repair links. The repair links let you join in all sorts of ways, side
to side, ends, whatever. Let me show you. Who'll volunteer?"

"I haven't been first for a while," Wendy smiled, stepping in front of Maria,
Darlene, and Kaitlyn, all of whom were poised to be first.

"These repair links can be fun," Gwen told everyone, holding up a squarish link
with a little hex nut that could be screwed onto a threaded part of the link to
secure it. "A drop of crazy glue or using a wrench to tighten it can make it
impossible to take off without two hands and tools. It can make you even more
helpless than if locks are used. One of the kinkiest things Rodney and I ever
did was to go on a trip to the hardware store. I was wearing black tights, a
black leotard, and black shorts. Rodney made me stand in the Home Depot while he
tried chains on me just like this."

"That's cold!" Wendy squealed as Gwen laid a heavy length of chain over her
shoulders and behind her neck.

"Just a bit," Gwen laughed. "It'll warm up pretty quick today." She found
another length of chain from a bin, wrapped it behind Wendy's back, and hooked
repair links to let it hang from the halter chain, as Wendy had already started
to think of it. Next Gwen hung the ends of a short piece of chain from higher up
on each halter chain with two more repair links, and then joined the ends of the
chain around Wendy's back and the center of the short chain, to form a steel
frame around her breasts.

"The visual impact on guys is something else," Gwen snickered as she added
several short loops of the same type of chain under Wendy's breasts, and joined
them link-for-link with repair links to form slings for her breasts, essentially
an open top shelf bra made of chain. "Cute, huh? And those oh-so-visual guys get
all goofy about it."

"Now, you can add a chain straight down the back and tighten up the links with a
wrench so there's no way to get it off, or you can just use it for decoration.
How do you suppose we might create a bottom for this outfit? Pair up and have
fun. We have all morning to create hardware kinkwear," Gwen laughed. "I'm even
going to join you. Rodney's coming out for the night and we haven't done this in
months."

As they played, Gwen showed them other kinky hardware store games. "One of my
favorites is trailer hitch balls," she told the class. "They come in sizes from
somewhat big to really big but the big thing is that they're hard and they're
heavy. If you don't like the feeling, then skip it but at least try it once. I
find the ungiving nature of steel exciting."

"Here's a whole hitch ball assembly including the base. Many times these are
molded as one piece. This is a small one, an inch and a half ball. See the bolt
sticking out the bottom? Put it through a link of chain at the strategic
location," she told them, demonstrating on her own crotch chain, "And spin on a
nut to hold it in place. Then put it inside...ah...it takes a while for these to
warm up," she gasped, cringing. "Then tighten up the crotch chain a link or two
to keep it in place. The ball kind of stretches you, and the taper under it fits
right at your pussy rim. Now, try moving. Weird, isn't it?"

Several of the students had followed her lead and experimented with the trailer
hitches. Every step caused the steel balls to move inside them, and the weight
pulled down on the floor of their pussies, deliciously pulling membranes that
sent sensations all the way to their clits. Kaitlyn especially liked the
feeling, bouncing up and down on her toes to rock the hard steel inside her
body.

"You can make it even kinkier by replacing the bolt in the bottom with a piece
of all-thread so it sticks out the front. Now, some of the hitches come in two
parts with the base separate from the ball. If you can find them, try filling
the inside of the balls with epoxy and slide one inside before you put the one
attached to the chain in. Some people like one up the butt, but for me the
steel's too hard for anal play."

"Now, in bigger stores you can find this 'liquid rubber' that's supposed to be
used to put handles on tools," Gwen told them, opening a can of the stuff with a
screwdriver. "You just dip whatever you want rubberized down into it and
wah-lah! Kinky rubber covered toys. It's not as smooth as regular latex, but
it'll cover up sharp edges or points."

"If you want really secure cuffs for almost nothing, try hardware tape coated
with rubber and a couple of bolts. Does anybody know what a stove bolt is? It
has a smooth top. If you pick the right size square headed nut underneath, it'll
hold inside the chain's links and let you tighten a nut on it. Just remember to
put the smooth side against the skin. See? If you're kind, you can add a short
piece of chain to the cuffs or you can bolt them directly to the belly chain for
some close, tight bondage. Like this. You're absolutely helpless."

Helpless. Defenseless. Just the thought made Maria's juices flow. 'I can't help
it,' she told herself, feeling more and more aroused as Jennifer added each new
piece of chain and tightened the repair links with pliers so that she couldn't
escape without the help of someone with tools.

Maria was in a heavenly hell when Jennifer discovered U-bolts and cable stays
and eyebolts, all covered with liquid rubber. And every hardware store has
sponges that can be trimmed to balls that make perfect gags. "They're less cruel
than hard rubber balls," Gwen told them, using Maria for her demonstration. "Cut
it way too big so you have to stuff it in. Then push a sharp knife blade through
it, thread a piece of hardware tape through the holes, and bend the ends over so
there aren't any sharp corners like this. You can create all sorts of rigs to
hold it in."

Like two long eyebolts with tight nuts on each side of the ball with a chain
behind the bottom's head. Jennifer wanted something more aesthetic for Maria.
She used key rings at the ends of the hardware tape, and attached not only a
chain behind Maria's head but one under her chin and an inverted Y of chain at
the sides of her nose, hooked to the chain behind her head. To make sure it
couldn't possibly come off, Jennifer used more repair links to attach the head
harness to Maria's chain collar.

Their next hardware store project was constructing dildos from copper and PVC
pipes with smooth caps for insertion and a T coupling to run chain or rope
through to hold them in place. Lubricated condoms held securely on the shafts
with rubber bands added additional smoothness and comfort.

With four of them standing in secure steel bondage, the remaining four students
screwed hooks and eyes into various places in the mock apartment as Gwen
described dozens of ways to conceal the anchor points. Then she suggested ways
to secure each other to the anchors.

"This doesn't have to be complicated," Gwen lectured. "And you can always
combine this with ready made bondage equipment. Come here, Jennifer. These are
'Cathy's Cuffs'. They're soft and nonthreatening but very secure. They're not
expensive. Just clip them to the door's coat hooks and wah-lah. You can't escape
but I can release you in two seconds. Now, Darlene, regular leather cuffs for
you. And you're..."

With Jennifer clipped to the door, Darlene was secured face up on the coffee
table. Laura ended up spread-eagled on the bed, sitting up with her back against
the headboard. Kaitlyn stood, chained to the kitchen table at her wrists and
ankles. Debbie sat on the futon, her limbs stretched to each side. Kim sat in a
padded patio lounge, secured only at her wrists and ankles. Covered with chain
decorations, Wendy stood with her arms stretched out between hooks for a hanging
swag lamp and a hanging plant. Maria stood in the middle of the living room, her
ankles cuffed to the ends of a dowel rod used as a spreader. The middle of the
thick dowel was attached to a recessed drawer handle under the edge of the rug.
All of the women faced each other except Maria, who could swivel around to watch
the coming fun.

"My, my," Gwen grinned, admiring her work. "All tied up and no place to go.
Don't say a word or I'll whip you, OK? Good. I have something else you'll find
in every hardware store and most groceries." She held up a bag of fifty wooden
clothespins.

"Kinky people love these things," she said, tearing open the bag. "They're so
cruel. Guess what they're going to pin today?" She smiled evilly at the bound
women, looking at each of them separately. Gwen had read the reports on all the
women, and knew that Laura had the lowest tolerance for, and took the least
pleasure in painful stimuli. She approached the older woman, watching as Laura's
eyes grew as big as dinner plates.

"No," Laura whimpered softly.

"You can stand it," Gwen told her, gently running a finger around Laura's
nipples until they poked out proudly. "It won't be for long and you only _have_
to let us clamp your nipples three times. But lots of us like it, at least once
in a while." She pressed on the tails of a clothespin a few times, opening and
closing it.

"Please," Laura begged pitifully as the open-jawed clothespin approached her
chest. She pulled back as far as she could, pressing her back against the padded
headboard. She tried to squirm away when Gwen took hold of her right breast and
let the pin close on the erect nipple. "NO!" Laura screamed. "Take it off! I
can't stand it! No! Gawd, it hurts. Please!" She shook. She squirmed. She
bounced and twisted and cried and realized that there was no escape from the
pain and pressure on her nipple that was now burning and throbbing.

Gwen was gently running her fingertip around Laura's left nipple to keep it up
and ready. "Still one to go," Gwen told her.

"No, please," Laura whimpered.

"Yes," Gwen said softly. "If you don't settle down, I'm going to put one right
on your clit and then I'll put them all up and down your pussy lips and on your
ears and all over you. But if you'll settle down so I can put this one on your
other nip', it'll all be over soon. So which will it be?"

"Please," Laura begged, tears rolling down her cheeks. She realized that there
was no way to escape at least one other biting clothespin. The very thought of
them clamping her sex terrified her into a trance as she held her body still,
waiting for the excruciating pain to assail her other nubbin that was already
throbbing in anticipation. As the jaws closed, she cried out again.

"Twenty minutes is about the right amount of time to deny circulation to a body
part," Gwen told them all as she put clothespins on Kaitlyn's nipples. The young
girl just bit her lip and grimaced. "I like to use kitchen timers to keep track
when I'm doing stuff like this." She twisted the dial on a timer and set it
down.

Laura was in agony, the sharp pain causing her to focus all of her attention on
her poor nipples so cruelly clamped in the jaws of a wooden clothespin. For a
while, she continued to whimper and try to shake them off, but every movement
caused the weight of the instruments of torture to move, giving her new jolts of
pain. She discovered that the pain was most tolerable when she remained still.
Her whole being was aware of the change from sharp pain to burning and then to
throbbing, then a tingling pulsation, and finally numbness. She found it
incredible that devices that cost only a couple of pennies could cause all of
the sensations she was experiencing.

Gwen worked around the room, going from Wendy to Kim to Debbie, putting
clothespins on nipples. Even though they didn't scream like Laura, each had
tears rolling down her cheeks from the sharp pain, and all three tried to shake
them off.

When the timer that Gwen had set for Laura went 'ding', two naked freshmen came
in, eyes wide with fear. "That one," Gwen pointed toward Laura.

Now Laura remembered her own experience when she was a freshman. She and Maria
were a team, sent to the dungeon to take a pair of more sophisticated nipple
clamps off the juniors and suck their nipples. Now it was the new class' turn,
she realized.

The freshmen, Brandi and Bernadette, shyly introduced themselves and began
kissing around Laura's neck and breasts, licking under the chains, and gently
caressing her pussy lips with their hands. Laura knew she was helpless, that it
would be useless to object. She let herself go, surrendering to the
ministrations of the two women, one barely out of high school, and the other in
her thirties.

Gwen had left Darlene, Jennifer, and Maria for last, knowing from the grade
cards and reports that pain enhanced the responses of the first two and the
Latino girl achieved her greatest release from being forced to respond.

"You're next," Gwen smirked down at Darlene as the helpless woman looked up.
"You're going to be the demonstrator for something new, the zipper." Gwen showed
her victim a bag from which she drew a long nylon cord with a miniature plastic
clothes pin tied every two inches along its length. "These can be quite cruel
but exciting at the same time. Especially if there's no possibility of escape.
Oh, and plastic clothespins are harder and hurt more than wood. Want to see?"

"No, thank you," Darlene told her top, staring warily at the string of more than
twenty tiny colored pins in Gwen's left hand and the red plastic clothespins she
held in her right.

"No choice," Gwen grinned. "Do you want a gag?"

"No, thank you."

"A blindfold?"

"No, thank you."

"Ready?"

"No," Darlene whimpered. She cursed herself. Her body was aroused from just the
anticipation. She had come to realize that everything turned her on. 'I'm just
highly sexed,' she decided during their first weeks, after she was turned on by
nudity, bondage, spankings, fondling, masturbation, licking, being licked,
kissing, being kissed...

"Shit!" she hissed out between gritted teeth as the hard red plastic clamped
down on her already erect nipple. She panted, remembering her natural childbirth
classes, trying to take her mind off the pain, trying to forget that her other
nipple was about to receive the same treatment, and trying to command her
sopping pussy to stop leaking onto the surface of the... "Damn, that hurts," she
hissed again.

"It's nothing like this," Gwen told Darlene, starting to pinch bits of flesh on
the side of her breast and applying the little clothespins just an inch apart.

"No! Oh, gawd, I can't stand that," Darlene cried out, trying to twist away from
Gwen. Her torturer called in two more freshmen and told them to "distract her."
The newcomers started licking, kissing, and finger fucking Darlene as Gwen
resumed placing the pins. Darlene's mind was gone, overwhelmed by the mixture of
pain and pleasure. She gasped for breath, thrust her pelvis up at the invading
finger, wiggled to try to dislodge the pins, loving the feeling of helplessness
and even the sharp increase in the pain with movement.

Laura was crying out again. The blood had returned to her nipples moments after
Bernadette and Brandi had removed the clothespins. Her nipples felt like they
were on fire! And the freshmen were sucking, driving her crazy, fingering her
clitoris so that she couldn't help being aroused.

Darlene had her first orgasm while Laura was still whimpering and Gwen was still
placing more clothespins, adding some big ones to Darlene's cunt lips and
another zipper of miniature clothespins to the tender skin on the inside of each
of her thighs.

Tina had appeared seemingly from nowhere to begin torturing Jennifer. If they
had thought, the juniors would have realized that she was herding the freshmen
into the room. All eight freshmen were now at work, sucking nipples and
fingering slits.

Darlene and Jennifer soon discovered that the little clips didn't stop hurting.
There was no numbness, just constant biting that did become more tolerable with
time.

"Ah, Maria," Gwen and Lucy both leered as they approached the girl. "Last but
not least. Ready?" Gwen asked, working the jaws of plastic clips open and closed
in her hands. The girl looked terrified. She was gagged and couldn't even talk.
She almost fell several times, trying to back away with her legs forced wide
apart by the dowel spreader. The high heels chained to her feet didn't help her
balance, either.

"Maybe we ought to have some mercy here," Lucy suggested. "After all, she's been
ignored for so long. Maria, how about a deal? If you volunteer to stay in your
chains a little longer, maybe we won't use quite so many clothespins on you."
"And if you promise to be the class slut for the rest of the week, I might even
switch to wooden ones," Gwen added.

"With the jaws dipped in rubber so they don't hurt so bad," Lucy offered. "So,
do you volunteer to be the class slut? Promise?"

Looking at Darlene and Jennifer, both obviously in agony, Maria nodded
enthusiastically, agreeing to everything that Gwen and Lucy proposed, even
agreeing to perform cunnilingus on every woman in the school. "OK, then. Just
two on the nipples. Oh, we even weakened the springs some so it won't hurt as
bad."

Maria steeled herself for the pain, then wondered where the pain was as the
weakened springs and rubber coated jaws did little more than hug her hard
nipples firmly. It wasn't as hard as the nipple play with the other women during
their early classes. She relaxed in her bonds to watch the rest of the two
classes, realizing after a few minutes that the gentle squeeze of her weakened
clothespins was a special kind of torture. Her nipples throbbed. The pressure
was always there. It wasn't any harder than nipple play with fingers, but
fingers tire or move on or...

She shook and twisted, trying to dislodge the pins. Surely, with the springs
weakened, she could shake them off. But the liquid rubber added friction. They
were virtually stuck to the peaks of her breasts, pressing. Throbbing. Aching.

"You're allowed to scream," Gwen giggled as she took the loose ends of the cord
dangling from the strings of miniature clothespins down one side of Darlene and
up the inside of the same thigh. Lucy took hold of the other strings. "Ready?
One--two--THREE!"

And scream she did, the intensity of sensations as the two women backed away so
that one after the other, nearly a hundred clothespins pulled off her flesh,
leaving red marks and... Darlene came. She came again from the fingering when
the freshmen removed the clothespins from her labia and bashfully licked there.
And again when they sucked her nipples. And again for no reason at all except
that she was turned on like never before. And a few more times because the
freshmen were enthusiastic and damned good at what they were doing.

They prolonged Jennifer's torture, giving the strings little tugs that pulled
off only a few pins at a time. They left the zippers of miniature pins in place
and relieved the pressure on one nipple. As a freshman sucked blood back into it
and the sensations built, Gwen tugged again, just a few pins and Jennifer
exploded.

Laura, Wendy, and Kim were freed, alternately rubbing their nipples to ease the
throbbing and then pulling their hands away because their boobie caps were so
incredibly sensitive. They joined in the torture of Jennifer when Lucy herded
the freshmen back out.

Kaitlyn asked Gwen, "You do that on purpose, right? Confusing us. If you used
nipple clamps in the dungeon, we'd have been expecting it. Those guys are going
to get it in the dungeon again when it's their turn, right?"

"You got it," Gwen told her.

"But we do get to try the regular clamps, right?"

"Of course."

"Good. I can't wait."




Good Wife University (GWU) bi bobbi jo greene-wood
Chapter Thirty-one -- Cops

Before leaving the station, Troopers Alex and Curtis went over the case file,
scanning the documents that had started the investigation once more. "This is
pretty unbelievable," Curtis commented.

"Especially from a rapist," Alex agreed. "Did you hear that the Commonwealth's
Attorney in Arlington's also going to be presenting to the grand jury?"

"DNA evidence is really making a difference. Well, let's get this over with."

The State Police were called in by the Attorney General's office for several
reasons. First, the site was in a remote area and the local sheriff lacked the
manpower to conduct an efficient investigation. Besides, her department had no
local charges or even an interest in the case. Second, many jurisdictions were
becoming involved. And last, the allegations by the accused rapist lacked
credibility, so they wanted to avoid an unwarranted invasion of privacy and
unnecessary publicity.

Rookie Troopers were invariably assigned duty in Northern Virginia, the suburbs
of Washington, DC. The area was high cost and poor quality of life for a State
Trooper. Enforcing speed laws was nearly impossible. I-66 and I-95 were being
called 'America's Autobahns' because of the excessive speeds by so many cars.
Entering the roadway to enforce traffic laws put the Trooper's lives at risk.

As soon as they got enough seniority, most Troopers bid for jobs somewhere else
in the state. Alex had just escaped from the 'mixing bowl' of Northern Virginia.
A more suburban assignment like Skyline Drive and the I-81 corridor, or even the
Culpeper Barracks would have been preferable to the extremely rural assignment
in southwest. At least housing was inexpensive.

Curt had specifically asked for the rural assignment. His first marriage ended
in a messy divorce while he was still in the 'mixing bowl' with its crazy
schedules and hazards. His second marriage was 'OK', in his words. His wife
agreed. They both wanted to escape the drugs and crime of the urban areas. The
less expensive land also helped as Curt approached retirement eligibility. He
was content with his current rank of sergeant. Another promotion would have put
him behind a desk and he wanted to avoid that at all costs. On the road, he was
always meeting new and interesting people and finding novel situations. For him,
it made life something more than tolerable. It was fun.

He and Alex each drove their own cars to the compound. It was late morning by
the time he pulled up to the speaker box and punched the button on the intercom.
Before he could even announce himself, a voice crackled, "Come on in," and the
gates started rolling open so they could continue up the driveway that was in
much better condition than the gravel road.

-*-

"What do we do now?" Lucy asked nervously.

"Nothing," Clarice answered with a sigh. "Oh, remind everyone not to flaunt
oral/genital contact. It's technically sodomy and we shouldn't do anything
illegal in front of sworn officers, but Red says that since this is a residence,
the exclusion of 'behind closed doors' applies."

-*-

Curt and Alex parked their patrol cars in the circle in front of the main
entrance and got out, positioning their signature 'Smokey the Bear' hats by
habit as they walked to the double doors where Clarice met them. "Good morning,
officers."

"Good morning, ma'am. I'm Sergeant Curtis Duffy and this is Trooper Alexis
O'Brian. Do you know why we're here?"

"I have my suspicions," Clarice smiled disarmingly. "Should I tell you about
them or are you going to tell me?"

"We're just conducting a preliminary inquiry because of some as yet
unsubstantiated allegations of, how shall I put this? Of sexual perversion," he
said. "And although you are not under arrest or even a suspect at this time, I
need to remind you that you have the same rights as an accused person to consult
with an attorney and to not answer any questions that might be incriminating."

"I already talked to a lawyer," Clarice told him. "I married one. His advice was
to be open and honest and not to try to hide anything. He said you'd know if we
did try to hide something and that you'd just dig further."

Curt smiled at that. He would have given the same advice. "Is it all right if
Trooper O'Brian has a look around while we talk?"

"Go right ahead," Clarice told them. "And can I offer you some coffee or
something? It's a long way out here and there isn't any place to buy any."

"That's very nice of you," he acknowledged. It would be nice to have a good cup
of coffee rather than lukewarm ink from his thermos. "I'd love a cup of joe.
Alex?"

"Please," she answered.

"I hope you won't be too shocked by what you see," Clarice told them as she
ushered them inside. "I'm sure that there's some truth to whatever allegations
were made against us, but I assure you that what we do is legal and consensual."

"We'll see. Where can we talk?"

"How about the dining hall? It's reasonably quiet right now and that's where the
coffee is."

"I'd like to have a look around first," Alex told Clarice then.

"Do you want me to get somebody to show you around, or do you just want to
wander?"

"I'll just look around, if you don't mind."

"Go right ahead. Sergeant Duffy and I will be in the dining room. The coffee
pot's always on so whenever you're ready..."

"Thanks. I'll drop in soon." She turned up the hallway into the dormitory area
and checked each room as she went. Other than the double size beds where twin
beds would be more typical, they could have been dorm' rooms in any school. The
bathrooms were clean but provided little privacy, she noted, lacking separate
shower stalls or dividers between the row of toilets.

'This just looks like a school,' she thought to herself, noting the fire escape
plans posted at each corner and in each room. The place would easily pass a fire
code inspection, although she also knew that the rural county had not adopted a
fire code. It was eerily quiet, though. The absence of noisy kids gave the place
a spooky feel that made Alex uneasy.

She started down a set of stairs to the basement and heard giggles in the
distance, so she walked in the direction from which she heard the sounds. Before
she turned the corner to the corridor down the middle of the basement, she could
hear footsteps on the marble floor--two sets, hard high heels, one taking short
staccato steps, the other clicking along at a normal walking pace. She turned
the corner and...

"Stop right there!" Alex ordered, instinctively taking up a defensive stance,
her left side toward the pair approaching her, her gun hand back to protect her
weapon and to draw it if needed. "Drop the stick!"

"Oh, dear," Laura gasped, embarrassed. She immediately dropped the thin dowel to
the floor and clasped her hands over her mouth, blushing as she stared at the
uniformed State Trooper. Poor Maria could only blush, feeling completely
humiliated. But her wrists were still bolted at her sides and the soft sponge
gag was still in place. The thick dowel that had been a spreader bar had been
replaced by two swivel snaps to hobble her so she only move six inches between
her cuffed ankles.

"Release her. Do it NOW!" Alex ordered, checking the corridors quickly to be
sure there were no surprises. Adrenaline was pumping through her system,
speeding her heart rate, and drying her throat. But she remained in control,
thanks to her training.

"Oh, dear," Laura repeated. "I... Most of... I'll need tools to... We
tightened..."

Alex relaxed her guard a bit, realizing there was no threat from either of the
women. She was still cautious as she approached them. "Ungag her, at least,"
Alex said, her heart still pumping. It takes some time to burn up adrenaline,
for a body to return to normal. "I need to talk to her. Are you OK?"

Maria nodded affirmatively.

The links of chain around her head hadn't been tightened with tools, so Laura
was able to dismantle the chain head harness. As soon as the sponge was out of
her mouth, Maria told Officer Alex, "Ith wath my... Iaaah..." She licked the
inside of her mouth and swished saliva around, trying to find her voice. "It was
my decision to stay in chains," Maria said clearly this time. "Laura had
nothing...Well, she helped but, well. Geez, they said the police might visit
because Kim got raped, but they could have warned us."

"You can go," Alex told Laura. "But don't go too far and don't talk to anybody."
Turning back to Maria, now conscious of the girl's nudity and the nature of her
bondage, Alex asked, "Don't you want to get out of this... this..."

"No."

"It's your choice. Can you...Oh, never mind. Is there some place we can talk? I
have a few questions to ask you."

"We can go to the dining room or back to my room," Maria suggested.

"Your room will be fine."

"This way, then."

"Let me undo those things between your ankles or we'll never get there," Alex
grumbled, angry at herself. She had known she was gay since high school. Alex
had never been attracted to boys or men. They did nothing for her sexually, but
women! She stifled her sexuality until college, where she met some like-minded
women and experienced lesbian sex for the first time.

Since she was six, Alex had always wanted to be a cop. Right out of college, she
found a job as a jailer, sheriff's deputy. She hated it, but it was a stepping
stone to the county police road patrol and then to the State Police. This was
the job she wanted, a job that she loved. But homosexual activity was still
technically illegal, so once again she became asexual except for frequent
masturbation. There just weren't any opportunities for anonymous liaisons out
here in the country.

But this girl! "What's your name?"

"Maria. Maria Rodriguez."

"How old are you, Maria?"

"Nineteen."

'So young,' thought Alex, trying not to look at the tight buttocks with the...
copper pipe and chain... in... "Maria, are you being forced to do this?"

"What? Wear clothespins on my nipples or get chained up? Well, sort of but not
really, because I agreed to it before I came here. It's, well, it's exciting and
I'm learning to turn on my husband and to satisfy him sexually and to
communicate with him not just about sex but about everything and most marriages
don't last but I'm going to make mine work and last forever until death do I
part because I'll really be in love and we're both going to..."

"Woa!" Alex called out as they got to the dorm' room. Because of the trailer
hitch ball in her pussy and the copper pipe up her butt hole, Maria carefully
knelt on the sofa, nodding to Alex to be seated across from her. "One question
at a time. Now, are you here voluntarily?"

"Yes."

"You weren't coerced or forced in any way?"

"Shouldn't you read me my rights?"

"You're not being accused of anything," Alex told her patiently.

"Now, were you forced or coerced in any way?"

"No, not to come."

"And everything you do is voluntary?"

"Pretty much."

"What do you mean, 'pretty much'? Are your activities here voluntary or not?"

"Well," Maria hedged, hoping she wasn't going to get anyone into any trouble.
"We do have to do some things that we wouldn't do if they didn't make us do
them, but we..."

"So you are forced to do things that you don't want to do?"

"No!" Maria almost yelled, then recanted. "Well, yes. But you've got to let me
explain. See, it's like I'd never have kissed a woman with my tongue if they
didn't make me, but they said that we all had to practice French kissing, and
since there were only women here, that we had to practice on each other and if
we didn't we'd be spanked until we did but, see, we all agreed to accept
corporal punishment like spankings before we..."

"Woa!" Alex had to say again, holding up her hand, thanking providence that it
was that time of month so she already had a thick sanitary pad in place to soak
up the moisture that her body was producing. Spanking, erotic spanking, was
something she had only experienced once, in college. And Alex had the most
fantastic orgasms of her entire life that night. And this girl was talking about
tongue kissing women. Alex could almost feel her arms around the girl and her
tongue... She had to control herself. "Slow down. Why don't you just tell me, in
your own words, how you got here and what goes on. Don't get excited. Stay calm
and tell me, OK?"

"OK," Maria agreed, taking a deep breath and starting with her repressed
sexuality and her fear of men and sex and relationships in general. She told
Alex how her cousin had told her about GWU and recommended that she go if she
really wanted to make a marriage work. She gave details like the mandatory
physical and the notarized contract in which all students agreed to restraints
and corporal punishment. Then she related, in great detail, the events since she
arrived. Alexis thanked God that she was wearing her ballistic armor, afraid
that her erect nipples would have shown through a bra, T-shirt, and uniform
shirt because they were so hard. Her sanitary pad was now soaked, and not with
blood.

"Thank you, Maria," Alex told the girl, inwardly flustered but still able to
maintain outward control. "Can you tell me where everyone else might be?"

"It's nearly dinner time, so they'll all be in the dining room pretty soon,"
Maria told her. "I'll show you where it is."

Clarice and Sergeant Duffy were gone when they made it to the dining hall but
Alex got an eye full of scantily clad sophomores who were readying everything.
She took one of them aside for a gentle questioning. Yes, she was there
voluntarily. Yes, she was forced to do things but she had already consented to
the level of force used, namely stinging, humiliating spankings and physical
restraints. Yes, she would do it again. And so on. The only time the woman
answered 'no' was when Alex asked, "Could you please put something on? Something
a little less revealing?"

Curt and Clarice returned as Alex finished that interview. The dining room was
filled with naked or erotically dressed women. Curt was the only man. "Why are
there no men if this is all about being a good wife?" Alex asked Clarice. In
reply, Clarice recited the history of GWU, relating some of her own experiences.

After a spectacular meal of turkey and all the fixings, a mandatory meal that
was repeated every three weeks so that every GWU graduate had experience
preparing a holiday dinner, Alex chose the older black woman in shackles to
interview next. They went to Bea's room to talk and Bea tearfully confessed that
she had experienced the first orgasm of her entire life the previous afternoon.
"I feel a little queer that I had my first orgasm with a woman, but I know now
that I can have an orgasm, and I'm sure I can have one with a man now, with my
husband. Actually, with any man who will take the time to really love me."

"You see, I've been married three times and I've lived with men and I have five
kids but, well. My life was kind of screwed up. I went to church and I went to
work but I didn't have any real friends but now I... I love all of them,
everybody. Oh, officer, I... For me, this place is the most wonderful thing
that's ever happened to me even with all the terrible things that they've done
because, well. It's so hard to explain."

She tried. And Alexis understood. And felt more aroused than ever. And then she
was embarrassed when Clarice told her where to find paper products. Alex
wondered if she smelled of sex or of her menstrual flow or... But she did need a
fresh pad and she was thankful for Clarice's consideration.

It was mid-afternoon before the State Trooper's finished their interviews at the
school. Under Clarice's watchful eye, they also chose a dozen names from the
school's files of graduates that they would interview later to complete their
investigation.

Curt and Alex met back at the tiny building that served as their local
headquarters. It housed nothing but a remote radio transmitter controlled by the
region's central dispatch center, a small meeting room, and an open office area
with four desks. The radio tower dwarfed the building, which wasn't routinely
manned.

"Well, I can truthfully say that this is the most bizarre case I've worked in my
twenty-six years," Curt said in a carefully controlled voice. "But I can't find
anything outright illegal in anything they're doing."

"Not that can be prosecuted, anyway," Alex agreed. "The women's home is their
castle and all that."

"I don't really expect to find anything in the rest of the interviews, either."

"But we've got to do them, just to be thorough and to show that we're not just
burying our heads in the sand."

"I don't know about you, but... Oh, never mind."

"I know what you mean," Alex grinned. "You can't be around that many naked women
and not be affected."

"So you like looking at naked women, huh?" Curt teased. They never openly
discussed sexuality but both troopers teased each other about homosexuality that
bordered on homophobia. Curt may have suspected that Alex was gay, but he never
said anything and Alex never gave him a reason to.

"It was just the whole scene," Alex tried to explain. "The idea of a school
devoted to sex."

"Ah, but you didn't talk to the director," Curt told her. "According to her,
they surveyed marital problems and concentrated on problems, and number one and
two are communications and sex, and number three is communicating about sex. I
guess we all have some trouble with that."

"They didn't," Alex blurted out. "Those... women. They were just so, so... so
confident... and open. A couple of them blushed but they didn't hide a thing.
Well, they all told me that they weren't going to admit to participating in
'oral sodomy' or any act that was technically illegal but... Ah, geez, I might
as well write this up now. You're right. The rest of the interviews aren't going
to change anything."

"I'm going to do mine by telephone," Curt said, looking at the addresses and
phone numbers. "I didn't see a local address in the cabinet."

"I have one local on my list," Alex told him, looking in her note pad. "But I
may do it by phone, too."

"Might as well," Curt agreed. "Well, I'm going to call it a day. Are you on
tomorrow?"

"Yes. Finish this and do some road work," she answered. "I'm under average in my
traffic stat's and my annual's coming up the end of next month."

"We can always do a road block on one of the two-lanes and pick up a bunch of
expired registrations and inspections. Just let me know."

"One of these days. I'd rather get speeders and reckless."

"Especially that are over 80," Curt nodded, knowing how Alex concentrated her
traffic enforcement on reckless speeding. He had heard through the grapevine
that her parents were killed by a reckless driver in a head-on collision but he
never questioned her about it. "Well, I'm out of here." He picked up his hat and
was out the door.

-*-

"Good job," Curt told his young private as he signed her report.

"I didn't want curiosity seekers or reporters to pick up on anything and hound
them."

"Agreed. I told Mary about it, the school. She was actually interested and kept
asking questions."

"Get any last night?" Alex kidded.

"Sure did," her sergeant smiled back. He thought about shooting a snappy
comeback at her but decided against it. Alex didn't look very happy. "So, what's
on your schedule for today?"

"The last of the interviews to close this as unfounded and then I'm going..."

HEADQUARTERS TO SIXTEEN-TWENTY-TWO--SIXTEEN-TWENTY-TWO RESPOND TO A MOTOR
VEHICLE COLLISION REPORTEDLY WITH MULTIPLE INJURES AT THE INTERSECTION OF STATE
ROUTE SIX- SEVENTY-EIGHT AND U.S. TWO-FIFTY

"Oh, well," Alex sighed, acknowledging the call on her portable radio and
heading toward her cruiser.




Chapter Thirty-two -- An Early Graduation

"Can you believe it's been nine weeks?" Kaitlyn asked the group, circling her
tummy with fingertips. "And that I'm showing?"

"Proud of that belly, aren't you?" Darlene asked, then quickly added, "Just
wait. You're in for stretch marks, junior sitting on your bladder so you have to
pee every ten minutes but only ten drops at a time..."

"Indigestion, hemorrhoids, and swollen feet," Laura joined in.

"We're just lucky that our boobs grow, too. The guys love it."

"Bruce is already reading books," Kaitlyn told the other married women. "His
favorite recommendation is more breast play to toughen my nipples for breast
feeding. I married a tit man."

"Well, you've got the equipment for it," Debbie told her. "And I married a leg
man and I've got the equipment for that. So how'd everybody do on their tests?
Anybody flunk?"

"Every square knot was square," Laura bragged.

"You weren't really worried, though. Were you?"

"A little. I kept getting careless until they said, 'This is it.' But it was
perfect," she bragged.

"I worried about you in the suspension bondage," Debbie admitted.

"I've lost some weight and I'm a lot stronger, so it was actually kind of fun."

"I was afraid I'd hurt you."

"Oh, I ached a little but it worked right out."

"Seven bottoms and a switch," Darlene laughed. "Not a sadistic dominatrix in the
bunch. Playing the top was the hardest part for me."

"Negotiating was the hardest for me," Maria told everyone as the single women
joined the married. "I still have a hard time admitting that I like some of this
stuff. It's hard to admit it to myself."

"Well, you never have to do it again if you don't want to," Kim reminded her.

"Yeah, but I really do like being helpless. Clarice and Lucy and all the others
keep telling me how hard it's going to be for me to avoid being abused and taken
advantage of," the Latina girl sighed. "I think I'm going to avoid Salvadoran
men. They're all too macho and into themselves."

"Sounds like prejudice to me," Kim observed.

"Yeah, well, it's true. I can say that because I'm Salvadoran."

"Just like Bea can say 'nigger' and it's OK," Wendy chuckled. "Boy has she come
a long way."

"She's a lot like me," Laura commented. "Well, let's get ready for graduation."

"Will somebody do me up in leather?" Maria asked.

"OK, let's negotiate," Kim offered.

"Oh, come on. You know what I like," Maria complained.

"I think I do," Kim snickered. "So I'm going to start by gagging you and then
doing some things you _don't_ like. How about that?"

"Go ahead, stretch my limits," Maria told Kim.

"You asked for it."

Maria attended the graduation ceremony in a leather harness with a big dildo
named 'The Tool' firmly planted in her butt. Her wrists were fastened together
behind her back and her elbows were pulled back until they touched. Thin chains
with bells at the ends dangled from the tweezer clamps on her nipples and labia
as she shuffled forward in six-inch heels connected by an eight-inch hobble
chain between the ankle straps.

Kaitlyn wore a baby doll nightie without panties to emphasize her impending
motherhood. Laura chose a corset and stockings, stripping off the elegant gown
she had initially considered. Kim decided to dress for her role as Maria's top,
wearing a leather halter and shorts with high-heeled boots. Wendy decided on a
fur bikini that looked especially good on her. Debbie, the exhibitionist with
the perfect body, went nude except for jewelry, including some kinky jewelry
like nipple chains held on by comfortable loops and a clit' clip. Jennifer could
have been the school slut on any college campus wearing a short spandex skirt
and tank top with clunky heels. Darlene had been told she was to come nude, the
only junior who was told how to dress.

The married women met their husbands at the entrance to the auditorium. Debbie's
fiance made it, too. They filed down the aisles and took their seats in the
second row.

"Darlene, come with me," Lucy ordered.

"What's going on?"

"You're graduating today," Lucy told her. "Put this on."

She was handed a cap, complete with tassel. The gown consisted of a short cape
that only covered her shoulders, the same outfit that all graduating seniors
wore for graduation. "You're not kidding?"

"Nope."

"But..."

"No buts. Put it on and join the seniors."

"Yes, ma'am," she answered submissively, walking out to the hallway where the
eight seniors waited. After spending nine weeks with her own class, it felt
uncomfortable being with the other women. She knew them all, had French kissed
every one of them, and had participated in intimate sexual contact with most of
them.

"Congratulations," they all said, giving her hugs and kisses.

"I'm not sure I'm ready," Darlene complained. "Or that I want to go early. I..."

"They wouldn't let you go early if you weren't ready," she was assured. "You're
definitely ready to resume normal life. We're all going to miss GWU but all good
things must come to an end except good marriages."

'Pomp and Circumstance' began playing on the public address system and the nine
women marched slowly down the aisle, a feat made difficult because each wore the
highest heels she could tolerate. Walking in five or six-inch heels was never
easy, but the floor slanted downward, too. Step, together, step, together,
step...

Darlene realized that she was more proud at that moment than at her high school
graduation. In high school, her performance was something less than
mediocre--below average grades in average classes. She barely passed. She didn't
participate in any sports. Her part time jobs and socializing with other girls
and lots of boys took up all her time. The only picture of her in the yearbook
was the requisite portrait.

She was pregnant when she graduated from high school. Not by much. She chuckled
to herself, remembering the old joke about 'being just a little bit pregnant.'
She was lucky. Her parents' upbringing and morals had prevented her from
becoming the class slut. Actually, her high school graduating class had four
notable sluts: one was obviously pregnant for commencement; two had abortions,
as in more than one; and Carla was probably infertile after multiple doses of
the clap.

'No,' Darlene acknowledged, smiling when she saw Dwayne looking at her, 'I was
just very highly sexed. Any guy willing to spend a little time kissing and
caressing me could and did get my juices flowing and, if they were patient, they
got in my pants.' She tried to remember if she had seen any of those cocks.
'Nope,' she decided. She had felt some, even stroked most of them to orgasm. But
she didn't look. She was scared.

She never dressed like a slut in high school. Actually, she dressed more like a
boy, T-shirts and jeans. Levis. She owned one dress for Sundays. And one pair of
dress shoes. And one pair of 'school shoes.' She wore old shoes around the
house. 'I'm surprised any boy even looked at me,' she smiled to herself. Then
she glanced down at her chest and knew exactly why boys looked.

Darlene developed a chest early. At age eleven, she needed a B-cup. At twelve,
she filled a C that pushed out the front of those ratty T-shirts. And once she
was pregnant, D and DD cups were needed to support her mammaries. They shrank
only slightly after Jennifer, her oldest, was born. Unfortunately, the rest of
her wouldn't shrink, either. And with each of her five babies, she grew a little
more. 'At least my butt and thighs and belly did,' she acknowledged.

And then came GWU. Daily exercise tightened everything up. She had already lost
over twenty pounds in the first nine weeks. Darlene knew that she looked better
than she had in years. And she felt better, too. And not just physically.

Now she was one of nine women standing in the front row of an old auditorium,
waiting to sit down together. Gracefully, if possible.

"Commencement is a rite of passage," Peggy intoned from the podium. "This is
just one of many you have passed or will pass in the future but it's important.
Do any of you doubt that you've learned some of life's most important lessons
while you were here? We started with sex and we'll end with sex. It's vital to a
marriage. But communication is just as important. It's even more critical than
sex. Without open, honest communications, we're all doomed to loneliness even
when we're with other people. Your spouse should be your best friend, your
confidant, your support system, your..."

For the second time, they heard the song used in GWU...

"It must have been cold there in my shadow, To never feel sunlight on..."

Bette Middler's haunting 'Wind Beneath My Wings' provided a beautiful background
as Peggy, the cooking instructor, mentor, confident, and so many other things,
spoke softly, reminding them of the highlights of their stay at GWU and
emphasizing the most important lessons. Then she issued a challenge, "So, men,
please join your significant others for their commencement, a new beginning that
will commence in just a few short minutes."

As the song repeated, the senior's husbands got up one by one to walk down the
aisle. To the amazement of the juniors and their husbands, each of the men
disrobed completely, folding their clothes neatly on seats to the left of the
stage before joining their wives. All but one of the seniors was married or
engaged, unlike the junior class that now consisted of only three married women.

Darlene knew that there was no way that Dwayne would...come down...and... But
there he was, taking off his clothes, his engorged cock bouncing in front of him
as he walked to join his wife on the front row, hugging and kissing her before
taking her hand and helping her back down into her seat. Sitting gracefully
without help was so difficult in five-inch heels that the gesture immediately
brought tears to her eyes.

The rest of the juniors focused on the exposed cocks, noting one young husband's
rigid erection slapping against his belly, and another that stuck straight out.
One had a decided curve to the right. The black guy's cock wasn't much bigger
than anybody else's, if it was any bigger at all, but many of the women thought
it looked delicious, sloping down at an angle. Two were limp but unashamed as
they joined their wives. They counted five circumcised, including Dwayne, and
three uncircumcised.

As the fourth repeat of the song faded away, Peggy simply said, "Alecia."

The young woman in her late twenties mounted the stage with her husband at her
side and ceremoniously kissed Peggy on the cheek. As they separated, Alecia
grabbed Peggy and embraced her tightly, wrapping one of her legs around the
older woman's bottom, and tongue kissing in front of the now applauding
audience, many of whom whistled encouragement.

"I've wanted to do that for a long time," Alecia giggled, hugging Peggy again.
She returned to the podium. "We don't have an official valedictorian but I was
chosen to say a few words. But I'm _NOT_ going to make a speech. And now that
I've said that, I guess I'll get on with my speech."

"When we came here naked, our hands cuffed behind us, forbidden to even pee
without permission, did anybody have any idea where we'd be today? I didn't. But
I don't need to tell any of you about it. You were there or you're hooked up
with someone who was there who can tell you all about it. It wasn't easy, but we
all made it. But it was harder on some of us than others. So now I'd like to
make some presentations."

"Cindy," Alecia laughed. "You've been a real pain in the butt. I guess you've
had a real pain in your butt. So we got together a special... Well, come on up."
The middle aged woman blushed as she got up to receive the presentation. "Since
you're such a tight ass, we figured you'd need something to loosen up with, so
you get a complete set of butt plugs including this one."

Everyone laughed as Alecia held up a tiny replica of the latex butt plugs they
had all worn except that this one was only two inches long and not much larger
around than a soda straw. "If you start over with this one, Kenneth might get a
shot at your butt yet," Alicia kidded. "And to make things go smoooooth, we also
got you this." More laughter greeted the presentation of a bulb-type enema
syringe and a bottle of Wesson oil. "If anybody has trouble with the butt fuck
test, try a cooking oil enema."

"But be prepared for a week long case of the runs that no amount of Kaopectate
will cure," Cindy said loudly, accepting her gifts with a kiss and hug for both
Alecia and Peggy. Every one of the women got gag gifts, including Darlene. The
other juniors had known for days that she would be leaving early.

"A little birdie told me that you're the class slut," Alecia teased Darlene.
"One of the few women here with an excess of sexual hormones and a need to burn
them off, so your classmates started out by giving you the little birdie, which
just happens to be... a cock." And she held up the big dildo decorated as a
rooster. Then, holding up a package of EverReady batteries and a vibrator, she
added, "And they thought that you'd need the ones that keep going and going and
going, so you can keep coming and coming and..."

The laughter drowned out the last few words as Peggy took the podium again.
"Alecia," she pronounced formally as a ceremonial march played over the PA
system. As Alecia came forward with her husband again, Peggy began a little
ceremony, handcuffing them together and saying a few words that the audience
couldn't hear. Lucy put a rope over each of their heads to hang around their
necks with a handcuff key on a ring threaded onto it. They also got a vibrator,
a pair of 'Cathy's Cuffs', a dildo, and a leatherette cock harness.

The shape of the dildo and the type of vibrator varied as the gifts were
presented to the other graduates. One got a double dildo designed to penetrate
the pussy and asshole at the same time, another was given a double-headed dildo,
and the one unmarried member of the senior class was given a blow-up dildo five
feet long with a human-size appendage sticking out near the middle. Darlene got
a dildo collage, with dozens of rubber penises sticking out of a half-dome of
rubber cement.

The strap-on type vibrators designed for clitoral stimulation while wearing
clothes were popular, with four of the women getting them. Others got more
traditional types, mostly the plug-in variety.

"Thank you all for coming to our commencement," Peggy smiled when the nine were
lined up in front of their assigned seats. "And now it's time for our dinner,
and then the orgy."

There was lots of playing and kidding, especially with the new freshman class
that served dinner. The senior's husbands (and a fiance) stayed nude along with
the new graduates. They ate quickly and made sure they didn't eat too much. As
soon as they finished the noontime dinner, it was time for the senior class
party.

*RULES*

1) Safe, sane, consensual

2) Anyone can say 'no' and no means no

3) Have fun

4) Be brave & adventuresome; you may never get another chance like this

The class decided to have their orgy, oops, party, in the basement playrooms.
Snacks and beverages were laid out. There was even a fruity champagne punch.
Senior class parties were the only times any alcohol was allowed.

The staff members joined the fun, stripping themselves to just high heels. Some
of their husbands also attended. Lucy put on her famous act, tilting her head
back and swallowing an eighteen inch double dildo, then moving it up and down
with the muscles in her throat and esophagus.

"You're amazing," one of the husbands told her.

"Thanks. It's part of my act. I tour on the strip circuit as a feature
performer. I make more in a weekend than most women make in a month and it
leaves me time to be here."

"But you're not meeting quality men in strip clubs," Clarice chided her. "You're
going to make a wonderful wife one of these days, but I don't want you messing
around with strip club patrons."

"Why not? They're mostly just regular guys."

"Married guys who aren't getting what they need at home."

"Yeah, that's true. Most of them are married," Lucy conceded.

Nancy and Tina arrived together, both nude. They invited all of the students to
"get in your licks" in retribution for the harsh treatment meted out during the
previous weeks. All the women knew that Tina was the perfect top because of her
experience as a bottom. Her natural state was submissive and masochistic. She
enjoyed pain more than any of the students.

So both classes ganged up on Tina. They impaled her on a hard ivory dildo, then
tickled and licked her between the relatively mild beatings. The result was a
very frustrated Tina, arousal building slowly but far from a peak.

Clarice knelt in front of Red and deep throated her husband to try to loosen up
the group. Everyone was talking pleasantly and generally enjoying themselves,
but the party was much too tame.

Frank, Michelle's husband, brought up the obvious. "You guys have been having
sex together for three months and I haven't gotten to see any of it. I'd really
like to see that."

Michelle blushed but smiled. "I've already made love to my whole class, but I'd
like to spread it around a little. Darlene, I haven't even kissed you but I'd
like too. I'd love to feel those tits. Really. And Kim, you're so...so exotic
looking, so tiny with all that wavy black hair. You look like a China doll, so
fragile, but I know you won't break. And Lucy, geez, you turn me on like crazy.
And Peggy, you taught me so much. I'd... Frank knows I'm bi' now and so do I so,
well, would you like to?"

"She is kinda cute," Darlene told Dwayne softly. "Would you like to watch your
wife make love to another woman?"

"I think Maria ought to lick every pussy in the place," Jennifer of the junior
class said sternly to the Latina girl. "Or I may have to flog her in front of
everyone, right on her pussy and tits."

"Oh, please, no, Mistress Jennifer. Don't make me do that, please?"

Everyone knew that all Maria had to say was "red" and the scene would be over.
But Maria wanted and needed to be forced to engage in sex if she was to get any
real enjoyment out of the acts. Jennifer took a tawse and gave Maria a whack
with it to spur the young beauty into action. "Beg each of the men to fuck your
titties while you lick their wives," Jennifer ordered. "Starting with Michelle
and Frank."

"Yes, Mistress Jennifer," Maria sobbed, feeling the excitement that only
humiliation and submission could provide. She ran to kneel before the graduate
and her husband.

Michelle was rather small in the bust and would never be able to wrap her boobs
around her husband's cock. "Lay down," Michelle ordered Maria, pointing to the
slightly elevated pad on the floor. Michelle straddled Maria's face and
positioned her cunt over Maria's mouth, ordering her to "lick me good" before
motioning her husband to use the girl's breasts for his pleasure. He started by
sliding his cock between the luscious orbs but was soon tempted by his wife's
backside, sliding into her well-lubricated cunt to fuck doggie style as Maria
tried to keep in contact with Michelle's clit.

Kim felt left out of the action so she found a strap-on dildo and announced that
she wanted to fuck the whole senior class. "What about your poor neglected
staff?" Lucy whimpered in mock distress.

"Fuck you, too," Kim growled, taking her on. Lucy clamped down so hard with her
vaginal muscles that Kim couldn't thrust the rubber shaft in and out of her. But
the dildo had a smaller end that fit inside Kim's pussy so Kim ended up fucking
herself as the contraption's straps stretched and dug into her flesh. Determined
not to be outdone, Kim thrust harder, finally managing to move the shaft in and
out of Lucy's now lubricating cunt, the friction and effort turning both of them
on incredibly.

"Feeling a little left out?" Lynda asked her handsome hubby. She took his erect
prick in her hand and led him across the room, saying, "Well, come with me,
lover. We're supposed to remember this for the rest of our lives."

"I'd remember just watching."

"And wonder what it would be like to mess around with somebody else. Hey, Gwen,
how about a double fuckin' sixty nine?" Lynda asked her classmate. She laid Gwen
down on the exercise bench, 'only $29.95 plus shipping and handling from Body
Shaping,' a piece of exercise furniture highly recommended by the staff. Then
Lynda straddled her friend's face while Gwen folded her legs back under Lynda's
armpits to open her pussy for Lynda's tongue. "OK, guys. Fuck away."

The men needed little encouragement, kneeling and slipping into their wives'
sopping pussies to thrust merrily away, enjoying the novelty of the position and
the occasional licks from the 'other woman' in the coupling. It was so nice
knowing that everyone was clean. Each of the women licked up the sperm deposited
into the holes near where they licked and cleaned the dick in front of their
faces before continuing. The guys didn't manage to hold out nearly long enough
but... with a little help from a friend, they were soon hard enough to try again
and they lasted longer than the women did the second time.

Darlene was surprised that Dwayne didn't want to sample any of the attractive
and very available women, telling her, "You're more than I can handle. But you
go ahead and have fun. I love watching you get off."

"If you're sure."

"Positive. Hey, have you ever gotten it with the rubber prick?"

"With Kim? I got dildo'ed but not with Kim in a strap-on. It does look kind of
wild."

"Well, get her to fuck you from behind and I'll lick your pussy."

"You just made an offer I can't refuse," Darlene told her husband as she sought
out Kim to kiss and cuddle her, begging to be fucked by the little woman with
the big rubber dick. Dwayne lay on his back on the bed and Darlene straddled his
face, bent forward so Kim could fuck her from behind.

As usual, Darlene came easily and quickly with the double stimulation of the
fake prick and Dwayne's tongue. When Dwayne told his wife, "Now I want your
ass," she obliged and Kim took his place, licking her to multiple orgasms during
her buggering.

Not everyone participated in the graduation orgy. Laura and Bill preferred to
watch, although Laura did tongue kiss most of the other women. Bill enjoyed a
blow job from his newly sexual wife and she accepted his tongue in a sweet
exchange of orgasms. Just making love with other people in the same room was
plenty adventurous for them.




Chapter Thirty-three -- Senior Studies

After the Friday afternoon orgy, Darlene and Dwayne headed for home. The seniors
and the married couples left for a weekend break. Dan picked up Debbie, too.
They had wedding plans to finish and, although Debbie had cut him off from
vaginal intercourse, he was continuously amazed at how many ways his fiancee
could find to make him come orally, anally, and manually.

Kim, Wendy, Maria, and Jennifer were free to come and go. They even had access
to cars if they wanted. But they all chose rest. Kim asked about using the cabin
by the lake. And since no one else was using it, they packed up and rode
bicycles down there.

"Still afraid you're gay?" Jennifer asked Wendy.

"I'm tired of people asking," Wendy grumbled.

"Does that mean you do or don't want gay sex this weekend?" the tall girl asked.

"I'm sorry," Wendy sighed. "I shouldn't get like this. I really need this break.
Remember the chart in our first week? The one where there was a graph of gayness
or hetero'ness? Well, I'm on the gay side but I don't think I will ever feel
complete without a man. Actually, I mean a husband. I want a family and kids and
a house in the suburbs with a lawn and a fenced back yard for the dog. I keep
thinking that I'll be lucky if I can find a guy who'll want me, with there being
so many more women then men."

"I'm kind of in the middle," Jennifer told Wendy as they lay in the sun just
above the lake. "Remember our lab tests? I'm supposed to be 'highly sexed' and I
guess I am. I don't care if it's a man or a woman, or preferably one or two of
each, I just like getting off. I don't know where I'll ever find a husband who
will put up with me."

"They keep telling me how I'm going to have trouble finding the right guy,"
Maria sighed. "In my conscious mind, I'm pretty much prudish. I get excited
doing sexy stuff, even with girls, but not unless somebody makes me do it."

"Well, start playing with your pussy right now or I'm going to spank your butt,"
Kim snapped at the girl. "I want your pussy all puffy and juicy when you lick my
clit'."

"And mine," Jennifer added. "You're our sex slave."

"No," Maria pouted. So the other three pounced on her and tickled her until she
agreed to lick all of them to orgasm anytime they asked, and to play with her
pussy and have orgasms whenever they demanded it. They demanded it often. They
even made her play with her pussy as the new class of four freshmen arrived on
Sunday evening. That was especially humiliating when she recognized another of
her cousins, Angela, in the group.

Angela was the only single kid in the new group. The other three, Jackie,
Melissa, and Annette were middle-aged, white, and married. Annette was gagged
and cuffed. All four were somewhat overweight, but that would soon change.

-*-

"We're coming down to the wire," Clarice told the assembled class on Monday
morning. "We'll spend three weeks putting all that we've learned together to
make you good wives. Kaitlyn, are you a good wife?"

"Better than I was nine weeks ago," she answered.

"That's not what I asked. So tell me, what do you think makes a good wife?"

The discussion soon turned into role-playing. One of the students played the
husband and another the wife in dealing with a problem. The first time they
tried it, neither could keep a straight face, but before long, the exercises
became serious as Kim, Laura, Debbie, and even Kaitlyn described how they
handled or mishandled similar conflicts.

"You don't have to win an argument to be a winner," Clarice reminded them. "See
how you can end up winning by giving up? If it's not all that important, use
your head. Think logically. Give up and save up for the next fight. But fight
you must. How many of you read 'The Intimate Enemy'? It's out of print but you
can get a copy at most used bookstores. Arguments are a fact of life but
remember that..."

"You can disagree without being disagreeable," they all chanted together rather
than hear Clarice say those words for the zillionth time.

She smiled. "Well, I guess that message got through. OK, let's talk about what
drives you absolutely nuts. Maria?"

"People who leave toothpaste globs in the bottom of the sink."

"OK, let's deal with that. Is it important?"

"Probably not, but it drives me crazy. It's such a little thing. I know it. But
why can't people just wipe it out?"

"Why can't you?" Clarice countered.

"I do wash out my own."

"But not other people's?"

"I wash out all the globs, but I shouldn't have to wash out somebody else's
toothpaste globs."

"Kim, I now pronounce you and Maria husband and wife. Kim, you've left two globs
of toothpaste in the sink and Maria's mad. So, Maria, how do you handle it?
You've obviously had some experience with toothpaste globs."

"Yeah, but just my family. My brothers are pigs."

"Who leave globs of toothpaste. So, is your husband a pig?"

"If he..." Clarice milked toothpaste globs to death, leading her seven students
through dozens of ways to handle the minor irritants of everyday life. Most of
the techniques applied to platonic relationships like college roommates and
blood relatives as well as married life. In-laws got special consideration.

-*-

"I can't believe we just spent all day talking about toothpaste globs," Laura
complained. "When will the whole world realize to ignore such little things?"

"That was the whole point," Wendy laughed. "Think about how we dealt with it
again and again. It got pretty silly, right? I think she was just trying to tell
us not to sweat the small stuff."

"Don't sweat the small stuff, but deal with it," Maria contradicted. "I let
toothpaste globs get to me. The lesson was that it's my problem to deal with and
I shouldn't get so upset about it. If I do, it's my problem."

"All of the above," Kim told them as she rubbed her pussy.

"Are you feeling better?" Wendy asked Kim softly, sitting down on the sofa next
to her. "About, you know, everything?"

"In every way," Kim answered. "My butt hole's healed up, I think. I can't wait
to get something in there again. And my mind's straightened out where I don't
feel guilty for ruining another marriage. But I do want to get married again.
I'm like Maria. I still want a house in the suburbs, kids, a dog, and all that
stuff. But time's running out on me."

"So what are you going to do when you get out of here?" Debbie asked. "We worry
about you, you know. You won't want to go back to the same place, will you? The
apartment where you lived with Roger?"

"No," Kim sighed. "I've thought about it. I'll have to go to court. Lots of
court. Circuit court for the annulment, criminal court, civil court. Red looked
into it for me. Roger's not only a rapist but a crook, too. A handsome one,
smooth talking, good loving when he wants something. Did you know I'm broke?
Maybe bankrupt. He ran up bills and I may be stuck with the lease. Oh, well.
I'll survive."

"Bill and I have talked about it," Laura told Kim. "We have that big, old house
and only the two of us living there. We'd love to have you come live with us
until you're back on your feet."

"It's great having real friends," Kim smiled, hugging Laura. "I don't know
exactly what I'm going to do but I have an outline in my mind. I'm going to stay
loose and single until after all the legal stuff. That'll probably be at least
six months. Then I'm going to crawl into myself for another six months. I'm not
going to date or go out or anything but exercise and contemplate. Then I'm going
to attack life with a vengeance."

-*-

The classes for the rest of the 10th week were varied. Dressing up and dressing
down and dressing comfortable and sexy and practical and cheap filled a lot of
time. Life planning took more time. Kim was the focus of a lot of attention as
well as Maria. The class that was the most fun was 'flirting'.

"Basic flirting is super easy," Lucy said. "Look at the other person until your
eyes meet, then look downward for a slow count of two, then look back up and
smile. That signals a lot. Try it." They tried it on each other and then
practiced on the freshmen and sophomores during dinner.

Daily exercise class consisted of dancing lessons. They got to try ballroom
dancing, country dancing including some line dances, hula dancing, belly
dancing, and of course, strip tease with the emphasis on teasing. All the
husbands came for dates on Friday and got quite a show from all seven women,
plus a free show by Lucy.

The eleventh week began with efficiency classes, getting through housework
quickly so there was enough time left for other things. They also explored home
decorating with an eye toward kinky sex, landscaping for privacy and fun, family
planning and birth control, and lots more role-playing in dealing with those
subjects with a husband or fiance.

As their last week began, the seven women planned their graduation party and the
rest of their lives. It was largely a hodge-podge of 'independent study' to tie
up loose ends. There was a little anxiety when Clarice announced the final
tests, but everyone passed easily. Then they reviewed their strengths and
weaknesses together, and then one-on-one with staff members.

-*-

"I need a spanking," Kim told Maria one morning.

"We all do," Maria laughed. "And a bit of kinky bondage and some sexy undies."

"Like they said in the first week, it's attitude. Hey, would you do the honors?"

"Sure. How hard d'you want it?"

"Not hard. Stinging. The cane."

"You're sure?" Maria asked uncertainly.

"Yes, but just on the butt."

"Tied?"

"Yeah. Shackled, I think," Kim smiled nervously. "I can't explain what I'm
feeling but, well... You understand better than anybody, I guess."

"I'm not sure. Tell me," Maria prompted.

"OK," Kim began, sitting down and folding her hands in her lap. "I guess maybe
I'll understand better if I talk about it. It's this guilt trip I'm on. I'm over
thirty, and I've been married four times, and all four times were disasters.
Well, we've only got a few more days left here and... How do I make you
understand me? I want... I need a ceremonial cleansing. Kind of whip the devil
out of me."

Maria knew how to listen. She waited. Kim finally continued. "This caning will
be one of those rites of passage for me. Do you know why I liked the spankings
so much? Once a spanking's over, everything's fine. Life's new. The sin's gone,
even if it was just a made-up thing for somebody to have an excuse to spank us.
And the spanking's gone. Over. And I want my rape and my marriage to Roger and
everything to be over. Done. Gone. Does that make sense?"

"Not one bit," Maria told Kim. "But this is about your feelings, not mine, and
not logic. If a caning will help clear your head and let you sort out feelings,
so be it. Ready?"

"Gawd, I'm scared," Kim whispered.

"You should be. It's going to hurt like crazy. Sure it's what you really want?"

"Yes."

"How many?"

"Fifty."

"You wouldn't survive fifty. Ten."

"Twenty," Kim countered. "As hard as you can. And I want to be gagged."

"How about over the horse?" Maria asked as they entered the dungeon. Without
answering, Kim went to the wall containing the gags, and chose a large one that
she had to force between her teeth. She couldn't have dislodged it without a
hand to help, but she buckled the strap behind her head anyway, pulling it tight
until her cheeks were distorted and the strap pulled against the corners of her
mouth. When Kim laid herself over the big horse, Maria told her, "No. That one."
She pointed to an ordinary carpenter's sawhorse with Velcro shackles on each
leg.

Kim bent over the little wooden contraption uncertainly. On the big horse, her
belly would have supported her so that her legs and hands were well off the
floor. Her feet, clad in pumps, would have to support her bent over the smaller
horse. Maria moved Kim's ankles to outside the legs of the sawhorse and closed
the Velcro shackles snugly around her ankles. The wrist shackles were on the
front of the legs with a scrap of 2x4 lumber nailed in place just below each one
for Kim to rest the heels of her hands.

Kim found the position extremely uncomfortable. She felt far more vulnerable
than over the big horse where she had some prior experience with bondage games.
The little sawhorse felt unstable. On the big horse, she couldn't move at all
with all of her weight on her belly. Strapped to the ordinary sawhorse, she
could move her whole body. On the big horse, she could rest, just laying there.
The little sawhorse forced her to support herself on all fours with her legs
wide open. On the big horse, her breasts were squashed under her. Now, her
breasts hung free on each side of the horizontal part.

"Take this," Maria told Kim, sticking a metal bar under Kim's fingertips.
"Dropping it is your safe word. If you drop it, this scene's over." Kim nodded
her assent. "I don't understand what's going on in your head," Maria told her
captive, casually inserting her middle finger into Kim's cunt and sliding the
index finger up her slit to rub over her clitoris. "But I'm going to do what I
can to cleanse your mind of whatever monsters inhabit that gray matter."

Kim wiggled her bottom and whimpered around the gag. She wanted pain. She needed
it, craved it. But Maria was pleasuring her. They had done that many times
before, but never with Kim secured over a little sawhorse in the dungeon. 'Get
on with it,' Kim demanded mentally. Instead, she felt Maria's hand go away, and
she craned around to see what the Latina was doing.

Maria took her time, humming to herself as she selected the long whippy cane she
planned to use. Like all the students, she had received one stroke with the cane
and knew that it was the most wicked instrument of torture in the dungeon. That
Kim had asked for the cane was significant, but she still wasn't sure why.

Maria strolled along the cabinets and loaded a plastic carryall with some things
she thought that she might need or want. She dragged a barstool over behind the
sawhorse and put the plastic tray on it, then went back to the wall for another
shorter stool with a padded swivel seat.

"I love you," Maria told Kim gently, caressing the vulnerable backside in front
of her. "I love everybody here. I was really afraid before I came here, and now
I'm afraid of leaving. I never felt sexual pleasure before I came here. Oh, I
had some sex, and I got a little turned on, but getting turned on scared me and
made me inhibited. But that's not your problem. What is?"

Kim squirmed in frustration. She even considered dropping the bar to end the
scene. This wasn't what she asked for, what she wanted, what she felt like she
needed now. Maria was lubing her bottom hole, inserting a slimy finger up her
poop chute in a maddeningly slow finger fuck that was turning her on.

"You're something," Maria sighed. "You love it in the butt. I just tolerate it.
Well, I guess that's not really true, either. I get turned on by the nastiness
of it, not the feelings, not by the physical feelings. I like the nastiness, you
know, the naughtiness, especially when somebody's making me do it. Geez. I'm
going to get another butt plug. I just feel like having something in me right
now."

'Get on with it!' Kim's mind screamed as she heard Maria's heels click along the
concrete and marble again. Her bottom felt... That was the problem. It was
lubricated and ready for anything, especially the cane, but it was empty and Kim
craved something on or in her backside. The idea that Maria was going to stuff
her before using the cane was exciting. It would add a stretched feeling, she
knew, that would make the strokes of the cane feel that much more intense.

Kim wasn't conscious of Maria returning until she felt the cool rubber at her
puckered anal orifice and heard Maria softly tell her to "open up". Fearing she
would mess herself, Kim had some difficulty 'pushing out' to open her anus but
finally did so, trusting Maria and the steady pressure at her backside. The
rubber slid inside. She expected an anal plug, but it was a fat dildo that slid
in.

"I've never been married," Maria said, her voice echoing a bit in the dungeon.
"Sometimes I'm afraid I'll never be married. In some ways, I'm more mixed up now
than before I came here. You see, I couldn't possibly love someone or marry
someone who wasn't at least a little kinky, who'd tie me up and make me enjoy
sex."

"And then I think maybe I'm learning. I just put a butt plug in me, too. I like
the feeling and nobody made me do it," Maria said, sounding as if she were
talking to herself rather than to Kim. Maybe she was. It didn't matter. "But I
could never ask anyone to hit me. I never did get off on spankings, and the
whippings nearly killed me, and that one stroke of the cane. Geez, I thought I'd
die for sure. But you asked for fifty. All on your butt. You're afraid, aren't
you? It hurts even more on the back of the thighs from what I've read. I think
I'll put the first one there."

The shock of the stroke nearly caused Kim to drop the rod. The burning stroke
across both thighs felt... 'Well, it feels just like I was hit with a cane,' Kim
decided, letting the pain and the tension seep throughout her body. She had
asked to be struck only on the bottom but she had the option of dropping the rod
that she still held under her fingertips. She could have dropped it when Maria
talked about a stroke on her thighs and prevented even that stroke.

"Your titties embarrass you, don't they?" Maria asked, reaching under her
friend's chest to pinch a nipple. "You want bigger ones but you don't want to
get an operation. I love your boobs. I'd be happier with small ones like yours.
Mine are too big. Well, I guess they're not _too_ big but they attract a lot of
male attention. More than I know what to do with. Did you think maybe you'd
still be married if you had big tits? I don't think so. Guys like to look at
tits but they don't marry tits. So I attract tit men and you attract bad boys."

"You know," Maria mused. "That's the problem. We women, we wait for whatever or
whoever we attract. The feminine liberation movement did that one thing right
because now we can go after whomever we want. We don't have to wait. I'm even
thinking about going to a Black Rose meeting, where I know kinky guys will be
around. I might find what I need. But where will you look for the guy you need?"

"You know, I read about getting caned on the tits. I bet that'd really hurt,"
Maria was saying. "And I even asked about how to do it so it wouldn't cause any
permanent damage. Tina told me about it but I haven't practiced it. Do you think
I can do it on you? Hold your head up so your boobs stick out."

'No! Not there!' Kim's mind screamed at the same time that she obeyed, holding
her head up and looking straight forward, arching her back and presenting her
backside, gripping the metal bar in her hand tightly. She felt the thin cane
touch her nipple.

"The trick is to not slam the cane into boobs," Maria said, sounding like a
teacher in a laboratory class. "Tina said to pull back early, stopping the swing
before the cane hits so it whips onto the tits and leaves a weal without
slamming into the soft boobies and cutting them. Want to try? I really should
practice with a switch first. Think I should try to hit them both at once or one
side at a time?"

'No!' Kim screamed into the gag as the cane swished through the air, swinging
down where it almost touched the floor and whipped across both her nipples. The
pain was incredible! And there was nothing she could do to prevent it... except
let go of the rod.

"Wow," Maria smiled, kneeling next to Kim to examine the welt across both her
small breasts. "Perfect. Does that hurt? I can see it does. These will make it
hurt even more."

'No!' Kim begged mentally as she saw alligator clips with sharp teeth appear in
front of her eyes as she hung her head, trying to cope with the pain now coming
from her chest and the backs of her legs at the same time, and then the new and
different sensation of the metal clips closing... She swooned, shaking her upper
body to try to dislodge the evil things, gripping the bar with all her might for
fear that it would end.

"I don't understand masochists," Maria then said. "But I think that you want
this session to be horrible. It will be. I haven't even read about caning a
pussy. Can I try it on you? How about a stroke right on your pussy lips?"

'Lord, NO! Oh, please,' Kim begged into the gag, tensing in anticipation of more
terrible pain.

Maria experimentally bent the cane, choking up on almost half of it. She bent
back the rod again and aimed so that it would hit the middle of Kim's crotch
when she let go. It did. And again. And again.

"But we're missing the important parts, aren't we?" Maria cooed, more confident
as she checked to be sure the rod wasn't somehow stuck in Kim's hand. The Latino
took more clips and attached them to Kim's labia, two on each pussy lip
connected by chains. Then she used a bungee cord to hook onto a chain and
stretched it over Kim's back to hook onto the chain attached to the clips on her
other side. "Now let's see if I can hit your clit."

She was already in much more pain than during her anal rape but Kim felt safe
with Maria rather than terrified like she had when Roger was buggering her so
cruelly. She waited for the cruel flick of the cane, knowing that Maria was
going to give her pain that she could endure. She wouldn't need stitches. She
would need love, a gentle caress with some cool oil.

As if sensing Kim's thoughts, Maria said, "I have baby oil in the refrigerator
and even a tube of antibiotic ointment. I was afraid that I might cut you. We
haven't had much chance to play with the cane. Maybe I ought to practice back
here first."

'Yes!' Kim's mind said, mentally sighing in relief. Maria played with her,
bending the cane and using just its flexibility to strike one butt cheek at a
time.

"Here comes a hard one," she warned, giving a full swing with follow through
that made Kim jump so hard she almost overturned the sawhorse. "Oow, that's
wicked," Maria said, sliding a finger along the raised welt. "Any harder and
you'd probably be bleeding. Is that what you want?"

Kim just hung her head, tears dripping from her cheeks. She didn't know what she
wanted. She didn't want the stroke across her clitoris that came next or the one
experimental one across her back or the next dozen across both butt cheeks, then
six from each side or... What she wanted was escape. She found it.

Maria was strong and Kim was light. "That was fifty," Maria told Kim after
releasing her from the bonds and picking her up like a baby, kissing her on the
lips. "How do you feel?"

"Empty."

Maria carried Kim to a narrow bed in the dungeon and laid her down on her back.
She gently removed the metal clips from Kim's nipples, gently sucking each one.
"I now control your mind," Maria said melodramatically, as if she really could
take control of Kim's conscious mind. "You can't stop twisting and pulling on
your nipples. Your hands are stuck there, out of your control, torturing your
titties while I torture this."

Maria's hand slid down Kim's belly to rub painfully through the pink tissue of
her pussy still held wide open by the clips. "Poor Kimmie's pussy is all dried
out," Maria cooed, moving to the foot of the bed so she could lick the abused
slit. "And Wendy's afraid she's lesbian," she chuckled as she went to work on
Kim's clit', intent on giving her friend a quick, cleansing orgasm before
removing the dildo and clips.

"How was that?" Maria finally asked.

"Perfect. Thank you."

"I'm going to give up trying to understand and just go with it," Maria
pronounced. "Are you ready for some cold oil?"

"Maybe tonight," Kim said, stretching, feeling the popping sensation as the
welted skin painfully stretched.

"Want to work out with me?"

"We just had quite a workout," Kim smiled, savoring the sensations Maria had
produced in her body.

"I guess you deserve a break," Maria grinned. "But I'm not going to be one of
those fat Hispanic mommas. I've got to work out so I'm a foxy chica."

"Me, too."

"Well, come on then." They made the workout brutal, pumping iron until every
muscle screamed, then repeating the set with lighter weights until the muscles
burned again. It just felt right, what the staff called 'instinctive training'.




Chapter Thirty-four -- Independent Study I

"What _ARE_ you doing, mother!" Jennifer demanded.

"Trying to get ready for my date with your dad," Darlene sighed.

"Parents dating is stupid."

"I once thought so, too," Darlene admitted, going through her lingerie drawer
looking for something sexy but different.

"I guess it's kinda' rad'."

"What? What's rad'? I've figured out that 'rad' is radical but is that good?"

"Real good," Jennifer informed her mother.

"So exact what is it that's rad'?"

"That you and dad still love each other and still go out on dates and stuff.
It's like, well, you know. So... whatever. I mean, like, well, you know."

Darlene waited patiently for her teenage daughter to compose her thoughts,
resisting the urge to say 'No, I don't know' or to criticize her. It took a few
minutes before Jennifer finally spoke clearly and seriously. "Most of my
friends' parents are divorced. And most of the rest of the ones that aren't
divorced probably should be 'cause they fight all the time. But you and dad,
you're, well, you know, still in love."

"It takes work," Darlene smiled. "And understanding and communication and a lot
of other things."

"Like sex," Jennifer snickered, giggling and covering her mouth.

"Like sex," Darlene acknowledged. "And I definitely like sex."

"Why?"

"Lots of reasons. It feels good, it..."

"What feels good? Like kissing and stuff?"

"Yes, kissing feels good. So, are you kissing boys these days?" mom asked
casually. A glance at her daughter's blush gave her a clue. "So, who was or is
going to be first?"

"I'd rather not say."

"OK. So, is it time we had a birds and bees talk?"

"That depends on what you mean by birds and bees," her daughter answered
evasively.

"I mean penises and vaginas and ovum and sperm," Darlene grinned. "Or cocks,
pussies, eggs and cum, if you prefer."

"You're not supposed to talk like that."

"Why not?" Darlene asked lightly, still going through her lingerie drawer but
finding nothing that seemed right. Then she headed to the closet to move one
hanger after another.

"You said! You said I shouldn't say 'fuck' and 'cocksucker' and words like that.
You even spanked me."

"That was years ago, when you were a little kid. If you were acting like a
little kid right now, the words wouldn't be appropriate, but if I said the word
fellatio, would you know what I meant?"

"Yeah, cock sucking," Jennifer answered, proud of her knowledge.

"Right," Darlene agreed, concealing her surprise that her 13-year-old daughter
had even heard the word, much less knew what it meant. Then she laughed. "When I
heard about cock sucking and finally decided to try it, I thought that you
really sucked and I sucked like I was trying to suck all the air out of a
plastic milk jug. Your dad just about died."

"I bet," she agreed. "So did his balls collapse?"

"Fallopian tubes aren't wide open like a soda straw," Darlene explained.
"Remember the other parts of the male sex organs?"

"The seminal vesicles, ah. Urine-etha?"

"Urethra. Not bad. Can we get serious a minute?"

"If we have to," Jennifer sighed, rolling her eyes.

"Yeah, I've got to turn this into one of those horrid mother and daughter
talks," Darlene groaned, showing that she wasn't totally comfortable either.
"But I want you to grow up healthy and strong and I definitely don't want to
have to deal with a pregnant teenager or even worse, to have you come down with
AIDS. So, how do you know about cock sucking?"

"Reading and stuff."

"Oh? And where are you reading about cock sucking?"

"A friend's house."

"So what did you read? I don't remember words like that in Woman's Day or even
Playboy."

"One of my friends swipes her dad's Penthouse Variations magazines sometimes,
and we read them and stuff," Jennifer told her mother.

Another clue, Darlene grinned to herself. Probably Kathy's dad. Once again,
Darlene waited patiently and was rewarded.

"But isn't it gross? Yicky?"

"No, not if the man's clean," Darlene told her daughter, mentally cautioning
herself, 'Not yet. No lectures. Don't spoil this.'

"What if he's not."

"Then it can smell pretty gross."

"But what if he pees?"

"I can tell you from experience that peeing is just about the last thing on a
man's mind when he's getting a good blow job," Darlene said. "Or even a bad one.
Guys can be pretty gross. I've heard 'em say, 'There's no such thing as a bad
blow job. Some are just better than others'."

"But... What if he does think about peeing? And if he does! Yuk!" "I don't think
a guy can even pee when he's completely turned on and hard," Darlene informed
Jennifer. "There's a valve or something that cuts off the pee when a guy's
turned on so he can't pee into your vagina and give you an infection or hurt
your baby. At least I think there is, a valve, I mean."

"Oh."

"Ready for the lecture part of this?" Darlene asked when the silence grew long.

"I guess."

"Or did I interrupt your thoughts and you have more questions."

"You can't get pregnant from a blow job, can you?"

"Back to birds and bees," Darlene chuckled. "So tell me how babies are made."

"The penis penetrates the vagina and ejaculates sperm which travel up to the
uterus where a sperm penetrates the outside of an ovum that came down the, ah,
fallopian, no, yeah, it is fallopian tubes in the woman and then the DNA
combines with the DNA in the egg and the egg, which is one cell, starts
splitting and wah-lah, baby."

"I bet you got an 'A' in junior high sex ed'," Darlene laughed.

"Well you guys signed that I had to go to the family life classes."

"True. OK, so now let's answer your question. Is there any way for a sperm to
get from your mouth to your vagina?"

"I don't think so."

"You're right. Actually, stomach acid would kill all the little buggers. The
sperm, I mean. Unfortunately, even if you can't get pregnant, blow jobs aren't a
good idea until you're married or at least in a mutually monogamous
relationship."

"In other words, living together."

"Not necessarily," Darlene cautioned. "From our conversation here, I'm guessing
that you're already experimenting with sex, which scares the everlovin's out of
me, or at least you're thinking about it. So here's the lecture part. I don't
want you... No, that's not strong enough. Jennifer, don't let a penis into your
mouth, vagina, or anus..."

"Now that's really gross."

"You said you've read Variations magazine. I know they have articles that talk
about anal sex."

"And there's web sites... Oops."

Now Darlene laughed out loud. "Boys and girls snuck peeks at pornographic
magazines and pictures before I was born and I looked at Playboys and Playgirls
and even some worse magazines when I was a teenager and it didn't warp me. At
least not too much. Your dad and I even talked about putting a block on the
computer, but we figured that you kids would just take one look, say 'yuk', and
then move on to something else. I guess I was wrong, huh?"

"I don't know," Jennifer sighed. "I mean, well. How does it fit? I can't even
get my finger in my butt hole without it hurting."

Again, Darlene chuckled. "There are tricks to it. I don't mean to be gross but
you shit turds that are bigger than you finger without it hurting, right?"

"I guess."

"So one trick is to push out with your rectal muscles like you're pushing out a
turd. That opens up your bottom and a finger will just about get sucked in.
Problem two, and I did it, too, is that you're probably using a soapy finger
when you're in the tub and the soap is irritating and drying. Try Vaseline or
K-Y."

"I just can't believe I'm talking to my mother about anal sex," Jennifer
groaned, rolling her eyes again.

"Who better to discuss it with? Some guy from school? Now, a guy's penis is a
lot bigger than your finger. When you're engaged, I'll tell you how to make it
comfortable with your future husband."

"Using butt plugs, starting with a small one and getting bigger, right?"

"You have been reading, haven't you."

"Do you have any butt plugs?"

"Yes," Darlene answered, really blushing for the first time since the
conversation started.

"So you and daddy really do... Geez. Does it hurt?"

"No."

"Do you like it?"

"When I'm in the right mood, I love it," Darlene admitted. "And that brings me
back to lecture one. No penis in your mouth, vagina, or anus. Period. Not until
you're at least thirty," Darlene insisted sternly.

"You're barely thirty," Jennifer shot back with a pout. "And you don't even look
or act that."

"Oh, do I ever love you," Darlene squealed. "Just when I'm feeling over the hill
and old from being over thirty... You made my day! Thanks."

"So what are you looking for?" Jennifer asked her mother, glad to be off the
embarrassing and confusing subject of sex.

"I don't know," she sighed, plopping her bottom down on the bed next to her
daughter. "Something to turn your dad on."

"Something sexy, huh," Jennifer observed. "Guys are into garter belts and
stockings and high heels and stuff."

"Yeah, but I've done that. Some wise, older women taught me that all men are
polygamous..."

"What's that?"

"They want more than one woman."

"Like a harem."

"Yes," Darlene chuckled. "So to help keep a man faithful, a good wife should be
many different women. I'm looking for something completely different from the
real me."

"Is that why you have those two wigs? The short black one and the long blond
one?"

"Yes," Darlene admitted, feeling bashful again. "Because when I wear them, I
become somebody else. Older or younger, smarter or bimbo. You know.
Role-playing. Acting. A game, but a serious one that helps..."

"I know!" Jennifer squealed, jumping up and running from the room. "It'll be
perfect," Darlene heard along with her daughter's footfalls on the stairs. A few
seconds later, Jennifer's feet beat a staccato tempo back down the stairs and
the hallway to her parent's room.

"This!" Jennifer announced, holding up her junior high cheerleader's uniform.
"It's too short and too tight, and on you it'll be nothing but incredibly sexy,
especially with bobby sox and those high-heeled sneakers that you got for me."

Darlene blushed crimson, imagining Dwayne's reaction. He'd love it. But would
she have the courage to wear such an outfit in public at her age? "What the
heck," Darlene laughed. "It'll turn dad on and I get turned on sometimes when
I'm embarrassed, so I'll do it. But I want to look as young as possible."

"Sure. I'll put your hair up in ponytails on each side of your head. Oh, this is
fun," Jennifer squealed, taking up a brush to stroke her mother's long hair.

"Let me shower first," Darlene told her daughter. "And check on the kids,
please."

Darlene took a quick shower, then returned to shave her legs and, realizing what
a turn-on it would be for Dwayne, her pussy and lower belly. She pulled on her
robe before she went back to her dressing table to find her daughter waiting.

"Can I help? Get you ready, I mean," Jennifer offered.

"I'd like that."

"So, how do we... I don't know what I'm doing," Jennifer sighed in exasperation.

"We're turning me into a teenager," Darlene giggled. "Just for fun."

"Well, I mean, you're... You have the, well, a super figure since the aerobics
and exercises and you look younger, really young, but, well, what kind of bra?
Know what I mean?"

"I already decided that. I've only used these a couple of times but they're
perfect for the outfit," Darlene told her daughter, finding the box of flesh
colored latex half cups in the closet. "I'll be perkier than you are," she
laughed, lifting her left arm and positioning one under her left breast. "See?
They glue on with spirit gum. It takes some work with cold cream or nail polish
remover to get them off but they're squishy enough I can leave them on until
they fall off if I want. That's what I did last time. When I exercised and
sweated, they just came loose."

"Awesome."

"Thanks."

"I'll do your hair." Jennifer ran back to her room to find two scrunchies to
match the cheerleading outfit. By the time her daughter got back, Darlene had
glued the flesh-colored cups to the bottom of her breasts to make them look
"perky to the max'," as Jennifer put it. The top was way too small, too tight,
and too short, leaving a generous band of bare belly showing. The knit sweater
was too thick to show her nipples, but it fit tight enough that every jiggle of
her large breasts was obvious to anyone who bothered to look her way.

Darlene debated the selection of panties with her daughter. "I don't want to
look too sluttish," she told Jennifer. "But I don't want to cover up too much."
Sheer was out. The skirt was short and flippy enough that it was sure to reveal
whatever was under there. Full coverage panties didn't seem right, either.
Together, they finally decided on a thong exercise brief.

"I hope your dad likes it," Darlene worried aloud, looking at herself in the
full-length mirror on the back of the bedroom door. She knew that he would but
she worried anyway.

"It's just so weird thinking about parents having sex," Jennifer told her
mother.

"Who better to have sex? Not you. Not yet."

"OK," Jennifer agreed.

"Just tell me when you think you're ready and we'll talk about it, OK?"

"OK. So how long do you think you guys'll be out tonight?"

"I have no idea, but you have the pager number. Page me if you have any problem
with the kids."

"OK," she answered again. "See ya." Jennifer ran off, leaving Darlene's mind to
run wild.

'Wild is right,' Darlene thought. She had brought home a set of 'home study
guides' with instructions for the next three weeks, a pile of dated and sealed
envelopes. For this first week, she had to become a different person each day.
The instructions also forbid making love or even masturbating... in bed. But it
was anything goes anywhere or on anything except the bed.

She had shared them with Dwayne. The paper allowed her to do so but didn't
require it. She was also supposed to talk to her husband about fantasies, both
hers and his. Yesterday, she wore a pair of garter hose under a dress she hadn't
been able to wear in years, no panties, her highest heeled black pumps, and the
blonde wig.

They took a walk and talked. Dwayne opened up a little, saying that he was
turned on by Clarice's antics and loved the idea of a 'slut wife'. Dwayne told
Darlene that he recognized her sexual nature and loved watching her almost as
much as he loved screwing her. Darlene was surprised at the wide variety of his
fantasies: forcing a woman to pay for his services as a mechanic with sex;
forcing a woman to suck his cock to prevent his revealing her illicit liaisons
that he accidentally saw; pimping Darlene out as a prostitute; inducing her to
dance topless for his friends; and dozens of others. Just hearing the fantasies
turned Darlene on. And as it got dark, he felt her up in front of a neighbor's
home, screened by an overgrown hedge. When she was about to burst, he stopped.

They ended up in the back yard. She was petrified when he pulled the top off
over her head, hanging it on the corner of the swing set. The metal seat of the
swing was icy on her bare bottom as Dwayne settled on the ground, cross legged
in front of her, and licked her pussy for an eternity as she gripped the chains,
trying not to fall off backward during the series of orgasms that wracked her
body. When she was exhausted, Dwayne knelt up and drove his cock into her in one
thrust. It slid in easily. Then he moved the swing, fucking her onto his prick
as he held still until his own orgasm approached. Near his explosion, he was
slamming into her crotch, bouncing the swing backward. All Darlene could do was
hold on. And come again.

What would tonight hold?

-*-

Dwayne called to say he was going to be late. They both knew that the overtime
would be nice for back-to-school shopping, so Darlene didn't really mind. Much.
Except she wanted to go to the bedroom and stroke her pussy, but she couldn't.
Instead, she stood in the kitchen with the front of her skirt up and her hand
down the front of her panties, listening nervously for the approach of any of
her kids. She felt relatively safe. Power Rangers was on TV. But she tensed
during every ad, ready to yank her hand out. It was frustrating. Since she
couldn't concentrate on her pleasure, she couldn't come, but damn, did she ever
get _HOT_!

The younger kids were already in bed when Dwayne finally got home at 9:30. He
ran up to kiss them good night. When he came back down, he stepped up in front
of his wife and said, "You're going to have to pay for the new engine somehow."

Taking the cue, Darlene whined, "But sir, I thought all it would need was a
tune-up. I don't have enough money to pay for a whole new motor. I don't even
have enough to pay for just a tune-up. I was hoping maybe I could pay some other
way, like working in the shop, cleaning the floor, or something."

"You're going to be cleaning pipes," Dwayne told her, clutching at his blue
jeans covered crotch. Darlene was afraid Dwayne would demand that she perform
right there in the kitchen with Jennifer and Donald still awake, but he called
into the living room, "I have to go back to the shop. You two be good."

"OK, dad," Donald called back.

"Get in the truck," he ordered his wife. "And take off your panties if you're
wearing any, you little slut."

Darlene made a show of peeling off her thong exercise panties from under the
flippy skirt before walking out of the house. She buckled herself into the
passenger side and waited for Dwayne. When he got in, he snapped, "In the
middle," and flipped the armrest up.

"Yes, sir," Darlene agreed in what she hoped was a little girl voice to match
her outfit.

"Play with your pussy," he ordered as soon as she had the lap belt buckled. He
climbed in and started the engine, sliding his hand up the inside of Darlene's
thighs and back toward her knees as he reached for the stick shift. He repeated
the caress as he made each shift, until they were cruising in high gear. [I love
that sentence!] Then he reached around her shoulders and pulled her against him,
so he could slip his hand under the short, tight sweater to pinch her nipples.

At the shop, Dwayne opened the door and quickly keyed in the code to turn off
the alarm system. Then he ordered his wife to strip nude while he lectured her
on how expensive repairs could be, and how the shop lost money when people
didn't pay for the repairs that they requested.

Dwayne ordered her to play with herself again by holding a pneumatic tool
against her pussy. She didn't even know it was the back end of a right-angle air
wrench, but she got off on the powerful vibration. The heat produced by the tool
added to the naughtiness of the whole scene. Then she sucked on his already rock
hard cock before he fucked her, telling her to finger herself to another orgasm
while he did.

"That was wild," they both panted as sperm oozed out of Darlene's well-fucked
cunt. Then they laughed.

"I love you," Darlene told her husband.

"I love you, too," he reciprocated.

"So what other wild fantasies do you have?"

"A nooner," he told her, still a little uncertain. "Would you like to bring me
lunch tomorrow?"

"I'd love to."

"Wear something really slutty."

"Why? So you can show me off to the guys?"

"Yes. They'll all be out of their minds with jealousy."




Chapter Thirty-five -- Independent Study II

"I'm going to take your dad some lunch," Darlene called to Jennifer. "I'll
probably be gone about an hour."

"OK, mom. Can Chrissie come over?"

"Sure. Page me if you need anything."

"We need milk."

"OK." Dressed in sweat pants and a T-shirt, Darlene jumped in her old car with
Dwayne's sandwiches and a quart of orange juice in a paper sack. The other sack
held her black 'fuck me' pumps. She parked at the shop, close to the first bay
door, which was standing open. Big electric fans moved the humid late summer air
but did little to cool the shop.

Still nervous about showing off her body, Darlene peeled off the sweat pants,
leaving her in stretch short shorts meant for someone a size smaller to wear in
a gym. It took a deep breath and a moment of contemplation before she pulled the
T-shirt off over her head. She had to reposition her big boobs in the tiny and
thin halter-top, because they had pushed out the bottom of the little garment
that hid almost nothing. Then she kicked off her sneakers and slipped on the
pumps. Taking another deep breath and releasing it, she stepped out and strutted
into the garage.

She heard a wolf whistle. The sound sent a shiver up her back. Slut was a new
role for her. She enjoyed it. The shiver ended up concentrated in her pussy. She
knew Dwayne wanted more than food. "Hi, Carl," she smiled. "Where's my hubby?"

"Taurus at the other end," he said, eyeing her body.

"Thanks. I brought him lunch," she smiled, holding up the bag and intentionally
walking down the yellow-striped path at the back of the garage, so she had to
pass by every bay. She felt the eyes of every one of Dwayne's co-workers on her
backside as she walked to the last bay. She felt excited, aroused by their
attention and her own wantonness. 'I wonder if this is how strippers feel?'

"Ready for some lunch?" she asked the body leaning under the hood of the Ford at
the end.

"If it includes you," Dwayne grinned, looking up.

"Whatever you want, lover."

"You look fantastic."

"I hope you don't mind that I gave the guys a show," she whispered.

"I love showing you off."

"Are you an exhibitionist?"

"No. But I hope you are," he smiled.

"I think I might be," she giggled bashfully. "When Carl, I think it was Carl,
but when one of the guys whistled at me, it got my juices flowing. Are you going
to fuck me?"

"As soon as you're out of those shorts," he smiled, opening the Taurus's door
and sitting her on the driver's seat so he could peel off the shorts.

"Won't... Aren't you worried that somebody will come?"

"I know I will and I'm hoping you will," he leered down at her as she lay back
on the seat.

"I mean, somebody could see us."

"Would that turn you on even more?"

"Gawd, everything seems to turn me on these days," she panted, stroking her
already wet and puffy pussy. "Especially you." It was a little white lie. Boost
his ego, she figured. It was the situation, the danger of being caught, having
sex in daylight in a relatively public place. The bay door was even standing
wide open. There was only one line where someone could see exactly what was
going on, and Dwayne could see if anyone was watching, but it was so naughty,
and Darlene was learning how much being naughty turned her on.

"Keep frigging yourself if you want to come," Dwayne told her, unzipping his
coveralls. "This will have to be quick."

"Yes, lover," Darlene panted. "Fuck me!"

No preliminaries. No foreplay. Just raw fucking. And a wild finger. But the
foreplay had started last night when Dwayne asked for lunch and Darlene's mind
started working. Putting on the revealing halter and the too small 'Daisy Dukes'
had heated things up between her legs. And the wolf whistle. And the crotch seam
rubbing as her hips swiveled because of the heels as she walked down the marked
path through the shop. Those things and everything else had her so ready that
thirty seconds after Dwayne's first thrust, Darlene was thrusting back, crying,
"Oh, yes! Fuck! Gawd, I'm comiiiiing!"

Dwayne had been close until his wife blew her top. He had to hold on tight and
concentrate to keep his cock buried inside her sopping cunt when she was bucking
and thrashing through her orgasm. He cooled just a bit as he held on, then
started going again as she panted, "Oh, yes, lover. Do me. Fuck me good. You
want my ass? No, come in my mouth."

Still excited, she dropped to her knees on the cool concrete, oblivious to
anyone who might be watching. She sucked hard, pumping with her hand as well as
her head. Dwayne couldn't hold out, grimacing, panting out, "Oh, Darlene. Yeah!
Suck it. Swallow my come. Here it comes! Oh, shit!"

She drank spurt after spurt from the pulsing flesh in her mouth, swallowing
quickly, loving the taste and the naughtiness, getting turned on all over again.

"Lover, please," Dwayne begged. "I've got to eat and get back to work."

"Darn," she pouted. "I know, but I can't wait."

"You'll have to," he told her. "I'll try not to be late tonight."

"I'll be ready. What would you like for supper?"

"You," Dwayne grinned.

"For dessert, maybe. We'll grill burgers."

"I was going to invite Steve and his wife over," Dwayne told her.

"OK," she agreed, a little disappointed that they wouldn't be alone, but then
imagining an orgy of four. Except for the kids. "I guess I better get home to
the kids before they get in trouble. And don't forget David's T-ball game."

"Oh, yeah. So what time will we eat?" he asked as he watched Darlene wiggle her
hips tantalizingly as she wiggled into the too-small shorts.

"Sevenish?"

"OK."

Dwayne watched and whistled softly as he watched his wife's butt cheeks rock up
and down as she walked back to her car. He smiled as he saw his co-workers come
out of their bays to stare down the walkway looking after her. He felt pride in
her, that he was able to catch her and hold her and love her, and that she loved
him. There was no way he was going to disappoint her. He ate his sandwich with
one hand, while ratcheting in spark plugs with the other, so he would be done in
time for David's game.

Darlene wore short-shorts to the game, but not quite as tight as those she wore
to the shop. She didn't want to scandalize the whole town; not completely,
anyway. The tank-top sans bra brought plenty of looks and a couple of soft
whistles from Dwayne and some of the other men.

David's team won. David even made a hit and scored a run, as well as catching a
pop fly to end the game. A bar-b-que was the perfect celebration.

Steve, the new guy at the shop, was nice. His wife, Tammy, was a little stuck up
and snobbish, a pretty blond with a big chest and even bigger butt. Darlene
decided to try to make some peace with the stuck up blond, asking, "Did Steve
tell you I brought lunch to my hubby today?"

"No," Tammy replied, sounding bored.

"Dwayne wanted a nooner," Darlene grinned. "I love him so much, I'll do whatever
he wants. And what he wanted was to show this old lady off to the rest of the
guys and make them jealous. Did you like my show, Steve?" Steve sputtered,
almost choking on his beer. "I wasn't always a slut," Darlene tried to explain
to Tammy, wanting a friend rather than an enemy. "I have to suppress my nature
sometimes to play good mommy, but Dwayne likes it when I act that way, so I do
it. It turns me on, too."

"What kind of show?" Tammy asked, curious.

"I wore a short shorts and high heels," Darlene giggled. "Really tight shorts."

"And no panties," Dwayne smiled lecherously.

"I knew you didn't just want lunch," Darlene laughed.

"Let's go," Tammy snapped out. "It's getting late."

"Loosen up a little," Darlene told her seriously but keeping a smile on her
face. "You'll have to play some games to keep your man around one of these day,
too. Us older women know."

Tammy shot daggers at Darlene with her eyes as she got up. Darlene just sighed
as they left. "Too much, huh?" she asked Dwayne.

"No," he replied. "Steve was hoping she'd learn something. They've been having
problems, money problems, sex problems, you name it. He says he loves her and
doesn't want to lose her but, well, they're like we were a year or two ago."

"I like it better now."

"Me, too," he smiled.

"Wanna fuck?" she asked in a whisper so the kids wouldn't hear.

"You've fucked me out," he replied with a smile. "But I'd be glad to eat some
pussy."

"How about if I just do myself with my toys?"

"If I can watch."

"Please do," Darlene grinned, gathering up the used paper cups and plates.
Dwayne helped pick up, then played Frisbee with the boys while Jennifer helped
finish wiping the picnic table. While they worked, Darlene thought about what
toys she would use to turn on her husband when they got back home.

-*-

Role-playing with a house full of kids was challenging. After slut, teen
cheerleader slut, and vamp, she ran out of ideas, so she sat down at the
computer and e-mailed GWU. Her classmates sent back a list of ideas but Darlene
had to confess that she missed a day of being a different person.

"You have to spank me," Darlene told her husband at bedtime. "I failed to become
a different person today."

"Then become my naughty little girl and stand in the corner with your panties
around your knees," he laughed. "That'll be a new role and I won't have to spank
you."

"Spanking kind of turns me on sometimes," she whispered to him.

And the sex after the spanking was spectacular.

-*-

The family couldn't really afford the trip to the amusement park to end the
summer, but they went anyway. It was another chance for Darlene to wear naughty
outfits in public while the whole family enjoyed the day. Besides, it was
cheaper on a weekday.

"So, you pick my outfit," Darlene told Dwayne.

"I wish the kids weren't coming along," he grinned.

"The trip is for the kids," she reminded him. "They're our first priority.
Everything else is gravy. So, what kind of gravy would you like today, master?"

"Let's see what we can find."

"Remember that they don't allow thongs. 'King's Dominion is family oriented.'
You'll have to cool it a little."

"But not much. OK, let's start with your new bikini."

"All right." It was pretty revealing and the bright yellow color would certainly
attract lots of attention. The underwired top supported her well. It made her
feel good about her body when she wore it, because it lifted and emphasized her
bust. Darlene believed that her breasts were her best physical feature, even if
they did sag a bit. Dwayne had clipped out the top's lining long ago. Darlene
didn't mind. While the bottom covered most of her butt, it was cut high on the
sides, giving an illusion of length to her legs. She laid the bikini on the
dresser.

"And these," Dwayne grinned, holding up her 'fuck me' pumps.

"My poor feet would never survive a whole day walking around in those. How about
the cork wedges? They'll give me the wiggle you like and shape my calves, too,
but they won't completely kill my feet. OK?"

"If you insist," he sighed good-naturedly. "And these shorts?"

"Sure," she grinned. They were white linen with flared leg openings in the
fifties style. She knew from experience that she would be showing off the bikini
in them, especially if she got wet, which was a certainty.

"And one of my tank undershirts."

"Maybe my bikini top will chafe and I'll have to take it off," she teased
wickedly.

"I can only hope," Dwayne laughed, pulling her to him. "Let's take a walk."

"We're going to be walking all day tomorrow. Let's get some sleep."

"I'm horny."

"How 'bout a quick blow job?"

"What about you?"

"I'm saving up my horniness for a huge explosion tomorrow night."

"We'll both be tired then."

"Guess I'll frig myself while I suck your cock."

"Want the vibrator?"

"Yeah. The one that plugs in the wall. Yeah. O... mmmf."

While sucking on her husband's throbbing prick, Darlene wondered how she managed
to stay married. Why hadn't she discovered the fulfillment of quickies on her
own? They needed sleep but they were both horny. Logic dictated maximum
stimulation. For him, that was his wife on her knees as he fucked her face. For
her, it was powerful vibrations. Oh, leisurely cunnilingus was nice, but never
quick. A year ago they would have argued and gone to bed horny, neither getting
the sleep they needed and probably spoiling the family outing.

Not this time, Darlene knew as her arousal rose quickly from the strong hum of
the machine. Dwayne was already scrunching his eyes closed. This wasn't going to
last long thanks to her skill. He couldn't tell, but Darlene was smiling around
his member, loving that she could pleasure him so efficiently while... Oh, damn,
that vibrator's... Shit!

Everything happened at once. All Darlene's muscles tensed at the same time as
she reached her peak. At that moment, Dwayne thrust into her mouth and held on
with his hands, blasting his first burst of semen into her throat. She gargled
it as she groaned through her own orgasm, bucking on the head of her vibrator as
she pursed her lips around Dwayne's cock to receive the rest of his load.

Four minutes and forty seconds, she smiled in satisfaction as Dwayne collapsed
on the bed and she crawled in beside him. Perfect. They were asleep in seconds.

-*-

Everyone was up at six to get ready for their day at the amusement park. Thanks
to laying out clothes and supplies the night before, they were packed and on
their way in record time. The kids were excited, especially when the family
minivan arrived at the gate just as the first cars were admitted.

They were stuck on Main Street until the rest of the park opened at nine,
milling around, browsing the shops. The kids were getting bored--all the kids in
the park, not just Darlene and Dwayne's.

Since her training at GWU, Darlene was much more open and confident about
everything. That included approaching strangers. "Jennifer, Donald," she called
to her two oldest as she approached a couple about her age who had four kids in
tow. Darlene guessed the ages as early teens, then a big break to three and five
or six.

"Hi," she smiled at the obviously harried couple. "I'm Darlene and this is
Jennifer and that's Donald. They think it would be absolutely horrible to be
stuck with their parents and the little kids all day, but I don't want them
going alone, and they won't stay together as just a pair because they're brother
and sister. Would you guys join up with them for the day? We can arrange to meet
occasionally so we mothers don't get too paranoid. Would that be all right with
you?"

The couple was momentarily stunned by Darlene's forwardness. "They're pretty
good kids. And your boy has had his eye on my incredibly cute daughter since you
first saw her, haven't you?" Darlene laughed. "That's OK. She doesn't realize
she's cute yet, and you're young enough to know she's cute but too bashful to
ever just come over and introduce yourself, so I'll do it for you. This is
Jennifer. Say 'hi', Jennifer."

"Mo-om!" Jennifer sighed, rolling her eyes and wishing she could shrivel up into
herself to hide after being totally humiliated by her mother in front of a
really cute guy.

"How old are you guys?"

"Fifteen," the boy beamed.

"Almost," his mother laughed. "In October." Now it was the boy's turn to blush.
"And his brother's twelve."

"Girls don't tell their ages or weights," Darlene whispered with a smile. "But I
think you're close enough. If you guys promise to stay together and meet, let's
see, at the Eiffel Tower on the Main Street side at one for lunch, you don't
have to hang around with your parents. Is that OK with you, mom and dad?"

"They'll certainly be happier. Well, let me introduce my boys, Jeremy and
Peter."

"Jerry," the oldest muttered.

"Take care of my daughter, Jerry," Dwayne said sternly, joining the group. "And
both of you watch out for your younger brothers."

"OK," both Jerry and Jennifer agreed, shyly glancing at each other.

"I'm Darlene. I was hoping to find a way to give my older two some free rein
without having to worry too much about them. I guess mothers always worry some.
I know I do."

"Me, too. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm Janet and this is my husband Ron."

After receiving instructions, the four older kids took off as soon as the gates
were opened to the rides, saying something about being first in line for 'The
Outer Limits Flight of Fear'. With Darlene leading the way, the adults and
younger kids began to wander at a more leisurely pace. Janet and Darlene enjoyed
talking while their husbands absorbed the sights, especially their wives'
bottoms and legs although Ron couldn't help noticing Darlene's chest.

"Ron always wants me to wear less," Janet confided in Darlene. Their men had
half the kids on the Scooby Doo roller coaster while they watched their littlest
offspring circle a water tank in boats, bells ringing continuously.

"Guys are so visual," Darlene chuckled. "I let Dwayne dress me today. He has
this plan to get my top off after we get out of the Water Park."

"You're not going to do it, are you?" Janet's eyes were big, opened wide,
emphasizing the question.

"Yes, I am. Are you worried that Ron might enjoy the show?"

"But how can you? I'd be humiliated! Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to be
judgmental."

"Go ahead and judge," Darlene grinned. "I'm Dwayne's slut for the day. I can
become just mommy again on Monday."

"Ron'd die if I went like that in public."

"So kill him with kindness."

"No, I mean really. He gets jealous when men look at me."

"Dwayne gets excited. He says I make him proud."

"You're beautiful," Janet said.

"For my age, maybe, but time is making it harder to keep everything in the right
places."

"I know what you mean. Aerobics three times a week doesn't seem to be enough any
more."

"I alternate with weight training," Darlene told her. "And I'm doing aerobics
every day. It's tough but it's working. I lost almost thirty pounds since early
spring."

"I can barely hold my own," Janet sighed, taking the hand of her youngest who
wanted to go through Yogi's cave again.

The two families ate lunch together before splitting up again. The next meeting
was to be at three in the Hurricane Reef Water Park. Everyone figured the heat
would be unbearable by then. It was.

"You're coming in," Darlene told Janet.

"I'll just take the little ones to Splat City."

"No way. You're supposed to be doing this as a family."

"I didn't bring my suit," Janet told Darlene.

"I have something you can wear," Darlene told her, fishing down into the
backpack she had carried all day.

"I'm too fat."

"Bull shit. You're just a female human who's over thirty. We all get a bit of
spread."

"I have more than a bit."

The argument continued for a few more minutes. "Ron will love looking at you.
Guys are like that."

"I'm embarrassed." Janet had finally slipped into the exercise shorts that
Darlene had brought to wear home. Then she looked at the top. "This isn't even
lined."

"I cut the lining out so my nipples would show for Dwayne."

"I can't wear this!"

"Come on. Let's give the guys a show," Darlene snickered.

"I just don't want to give the whole world a show."

"Screw the world. You're only married to Ron, I'm hitched to Dwayne, and they
deserve us. We deserve them. So your nipples get hard and push out? Janet,
you're cute. Let it show."

After more cajoling, Janet finally pulled the stretchy top on and bashfully
tiptoed out of the changing room without wetting herself in the showers. Darlene
showed Janet that her top was also minus its lining after wetting herself under
the tepid shower. Two minutes after leaving the changing room, both mothers were
soaked and showing off their erect nipples. Neither cared. They were having fun
with their kids.

"Your mom's sexy," Jerry told Jennifer as they waited for their next turn on the
water slide.

"So's your mom."

"I didn't think she brought a suit."

"That's my mom's," Jennifer grinned.

"You're sexy, too."

"Yeah!" Peter chimed in.

"How would you know, squirt?"

Jennifer hated admitting that her mother was pretty cool. Jerry was sweet and
just the right age and kind of cute. It was a lot more fun on the rides with him
than with her dad. Her mom wouldn't go on most of the roller coasters.

After a couple of hours in the water, both families found their skin shriveled
from the constant soaking. Darlene was surprised when Janet agreed to stay in
the skin tight exercise outfit. As she had agreed, Darlene stripped off her wet
bikini and pulled on the white men's tank undershirt, a white thong panty, and
her white shorts. The guys got quite a show when they took the little kids
through the showers in Splat City. So did anyone else who looked.

"I can't believe I'm showing off my nipples like this," Janet whispered.

"Ron's loving it."

"So is Dwayne."

"Guys," Darlene laughed. Sitting under a rocking bucket with Crystal as it
spilled water onto them, she looked over at the guys and laughed again. Their
eyes kept shifting from her chest to Janet's and back as if they were watching a
tennis game. It didn't even bother her when their eyes strayed to glance at some
other displays of female anatomy. 'He belongs to me,' Darlene thought. 'And I
love him.'

The families stayed at the amusement park until closing time. It was too early
for the older kids, but their parents were pooped and the younger kids were
cranky with fatigue. Crystal was asleep on her father's shoulder as they sat on
benches near the exits to let the majority of the crowd leave. Jerry and
Jennifer sat as far away from their parents as possible, holding hands, each
trying to get up the courage to kiss the other.

"I guess it's time," Ron sighed. The crowds had thinned. The last of their money
was gone, spent on glowing plastic necklaces.

"It was fun. I hope we see you guys again," Darlene told Janet. "Can I get your
address? And do you have e-mail?" She found a pen and wrote the information on
the back of a brochure. Then she gave Janet a hug and whispered, "Keep the
outfit. It's a cheap K-Mart thing. And now I'm going to stick my tongue down
your husband's throat so he'll be all horny for you."

Janet was shocked by the words. She was more shocked when Darlene plastered
herself against Ron and ground her body into him as she Frenched him.

Jerry was holding Jennifer, facing her. They glanced over to see if their
parents were ready and saw the kiss. Jerry hurried to press his lips against
Jennifer's before he lost his nerve. Jennifer let her tongue slip into his open
mouth, her first tongue kiss. She liked it. So did he.

-*-

Dwayne worked extra late on Saturday fixing a motor home for a family that was
passing through. Without his work, the family would have been stranded in the
middle of their vacation. "You understand, don't you?" Dwayne asked Darlene.

"If you weren't so nice, I wouldn't love you so much," she told him, although a
specially prepared candle light dinner was ruined. With her oldest daughter's
help, the rest of the family had turned the evening into a special time. He ate
rewarmed leftovers. Then Darlene treated him to a blow job in bed. She didn't
even mind when he immediately fell asleep. Not this time. There would be others.

-*-

Shopping for school clothes and supplies was especially fun with the new
openness between Darlene and her oldest daughter. They laughed and kidded and
teased as they shopped for bargains and bought special gifts for dad.

Luck was with Darlene when she went to register Crystal for pre-school. The
school needed teachers as well as people to help with the before and after
school programs. The administrator practically begged Darlene to come to work
for them. Crystal got to attend pre-school free of charge. The hours allowed
Darlene to be around for all the kids and earn a little extra money as well.

Darlene attended the graduation ceremonies with her GWU class, a story within
itself. Once her kids started school, the extra money from her job helped. A
lot. She budgeted it carefully. She deposited her paycheck into a separate
checking account, then set aside a little from each paycheck in a self-directed
IRA. She put some in savings for emergencies, and set aside some for special
things like holidays. It took discipline, but they continued to live on Dwayne's
pay. Life was great.




Chapter Thirty-six -- Graduation

Dwayne's kid sister came to watch the kids for the weekend, so he could leave
early on Friday. He drove Darlene up to the old school and parked around the
side. It was a joyous reunion for Darlene. Dwyane didn't get to say a word as
she shared her adventures with the girls. They were impressed.

The graduation ceremony was almost identical to the last one, a formal
commencement. Kim was chosen as spokesman for the class.

Kim called Darlene up first and presented her with a leather G-string with a
dildo attached on the inside "to help Dwayne cope with this horny broad," and
another assortment of kinky sex toys. Debbie got a leather string bikini and a
matching pouch for Dan, along with an admonition to be a little more
adventuresome. The other gag gifts were passed out, then the standard gifts.

"We're doing something a little different this time," Clarice told the group of
juniors, seniors, and spouses. "This class requested their party at the cabin by
the lake with a picnic lunch. I think they're just in a hurry to start their
orgy, and didn't want to eat in the dining room, but we try to go along with any
reasonable request. The weather even cooperated."

Cooperated was an understatement. A cool front had produced evening
thunderstorms the night before, leaving bright sunshine in its wake, along with
pleasantly dry and incredibly clean smelling air that immediately picked up
everyone's spirits. One of the juniors had graduated ahead of her class. Darlene
sought her out and they chatted on their way down to the lake. The rest of the
women formed little clusters to talk and giggle. The men generally held back,
silently feasting on the naked wonders moving so sensuously in front of them.

When the whole group got to the grassy slope between the cabin and the lake,
they stopped. Everyone milled around. The seniors kept pushing Maria, their
chosen orgy mistress. She was still the bashful virgin suffering from Catholic
guilt. That's why they chose her, to force the young Latina to take charge.

"OK, guys," she finally called out from the hot tub's platform. "It's time to
get organized a little. I'm nervous so please bear with me, OK? OK. Geez. OK,
well everybody, these two classes have the highest number of single women and
virgins, I guess I should say the highest percentage. Oh, well. Same thing.
Geez."

"Just say it," Jennifer yelled.

"OK," Maria gulped. "We single virgins and not virgins who are single haven't...
Well, we did have some guys but... OK, men, your wives agreed to let us taste
you and use you, OK? I mean I've sucked a rubber covered cock and played with
guys I didn't know from some college, but I haven't tasted come, see? And
neither have most of us. At least in a long time. And it's not the same if guys
have to wear a rubber, and we've always had to use rubbers, but you guys were
all tested, and you're as safe as it's possible to be so, well, now we're not
going to let you fuck our pussies, but, well, please let us use your cocks in
our butts and mouths. OK?"

"You're kidding, right?" Bill asked Laura.

"You won't get many chances like this," she told him, kissing him thoroughly. "I
even promised you to Maria. I told her how gentle and loving you are. She's
excited about it."

"May I please taste your come?" Maria said to Bill as she knelt in front of him
to kiss his semi-erect cock.

"I probably won't be recharged again for..."

"It doesn't matter, lover. I'll enjoy your tongue and maybe Maria's," she
snickered to her husband. "Go on, Maria. He'll love it."

"So will I," Maria told her friend. It was nice that Bill wasn't hard as a rock,
Maria decided, as she took his circumcised cock in her mouth and swirled her
tongue around the head. Feeling a cock grow hard in her mouth was especially
erotic, something she had felt only once before with one of the boy toys. It was
also nice that she had all day. She experimented, trying to force her lips into
his patch of hair. She gagged, withdrew, and tried again. And even though she
didn't manage to get his cock all the way down her throat, she was able to
control her gag reflex to give him 'a hummer,' holding the head of his cock at
the back of her mouth and humming, giving him a special thrill from her
vibrating vocal cords.

Darlene offered Dwayne to the youngest in the junior class, a gorgeous
light-complected Negress who offered him her rear passage. "Don't worry. I'm
clean," she reassured him.

"I wouldn't care," he told her. "Thanks, honey."

"Don't worry. I'll get mine," Darlene giggled. "Jamica has to be my slave for
the rest of the party."

"You wouldn't take advantage of this little girl, would you?"

"Definitely," Darlene giggled again. "She'll get hers in three more weeks. This
is my time. Now, how would you like it, Jam?"

"In the swing," she told Darlene, pointing to the 'love swing' made of nylon
webbing that hung from an outstretched branch of a big oak. Darlene and Dwayne
helped her into the contraption and hooked her ankles and wrists into the loops.

"I could make one of these," Dwayne commented, studying it.

"Please do," Darlene told him as she began to spread K-Y on her husband's cock
and Jamica's anus. She guided her husband's cock into the youngster's back
passage and let the swing impale her.

"Oh, shit," Jamica gasped. "Too fast! Ooo. Easy. Yeah. Oh, yeah! I like that."

Darlene was delighted with the girl's response. Dwayne was a little bigger than
average in both length and thickness. He was proud of his cock. So was she. And
she was proud of herself. She used her K-Y covered hands to cup her husband's
balls and to play with Jamica's clit and nipples.

Dan had protested that he and Debbie weren't even married yet, but he let
himself be forced into making love with Jennifer, shooting up her backside much
too quickly. Bruce, with his ability to recharge in minutes, became the most
popular among the single girls. Kaitlyn was delighted to show off his prowess
again and again, collecting favors from the single girls who would remain in her
debt until they gave her an orgasm.

After the first round of their graduation orgy (the third for Bruce), the group
settled down to their picnic lunch of fried chicken with all the fixings.
Clarice handed out 3x5 cards and pencils. "If you prefer privacy, there should
be no pressure to give out your phone number or address," she instructed the
seniors. "But some of our graduates like to stay in touch. We have everyone's
address. We'll forward mail if you'd like."

"You're kidding, right?" Kim asked, astonished that anyone who had shared the
GWU experience might not want to stay in touch. The whole senior class ran
around to write their personal information on the cards, including e-mail
addresses and work phone numbers. They definitely wanted to stay in touch with
each other and the staff of the school.

Round two of their orgy began with Maria sucking Bill's cock again. "I haven't
come twice in one day in a lot of years," he tried to explain to the youngster
nursing on his prick.

"You haven't been surrounded by gorgeous nude women in the outdoors in years
either, I bet," Maria told him during a pause to gently stroke his cock and cup
his balls.

"True."

"Besides, I'm having fun."

"I'm enjoying the feelings, too," Bill admitted. Especially the feeling of blood
pulsing through his penis as it began to regain some turgor in the girl's mouth.

"Mind if I say good bye to some of the girls?" Laura asked him.

"Why would I mind?"

"Because I'm going to say good bye in a rather intimate way."

"Go right ahead."

"Thanks." She kissed her husband and went to find Kim and Kaitlyn. Each of them
got passionate kisses that led to some frantic groping, some crying, more
kisses, and finally a 69 in the grass. Then all three of them headed for the
lake to wash off the grass.

"How about a soak in the tub?" Kim suggested.

"I'm not supposed to from now until the baby's born," Kaitlyn told the two older
women. "Just in case. Heat can potentially cause problems."

"Well take good care of the baby and that husband of your, hear?"

"You bet I will." Then she was crying again, clinging to Laura.

"I'm going to miss you so much."

"We only live an hour's drive away. You can visit any time."

"And I'll call."

"Collect, if you want," Laura told the girl. "I know what it's like when you're
young and first married and about to have a baby. Oh. You know what? We still
have everything you could possibly need for a baby in our attic or the garage.
We were saving it for grandkids. Don't even consider buying a crib. The baby
will outgrow it in a year and you'll need a youth bed. I'll tell you what. Bill
and I will bring it up, say... Hey, Bruce."

"He's busy," Kaitlyn laughed, looking at her sweating husband pumping his cock
into a junior's butt hole. Then she became serious. "He's always horny. Hard and
ready. You know? I don't know if he'll... If I'll be able to satisfy him."

"Looks like you'll never have the luxury of a headache," Laura teased. That was
one of Clarice's rules--Always be available. "Just do what you've learned here.
You'll be OK."

"Please do my butt," Wendy begged Bill, his cock erect but not quite as hard as
when she sucked him the first time.

"You are an old man's dream girl," Bill laughed, looking down at the lovely
young woman on her knees in front of him.

"You're my dream," she told him honestly. "I just pray that someday I'll find a
husband just like you, so understanding and tolerant and such a wonderful lover.
I love your cock."

"Oh, my," Bill cried out as the Latina engulfed his prick again, sucking more
blood into it until it was ramrod straight and as firm as a younger man's.

"Please be gentle," Maria sobbed softly. "I chickened out every time until now.
No man has ever put his thing, his cock... in me in any hole unless you count my
mouth, and I didn't do that except when I had to, and, oh, please fuck my virgin
asshole." She was crying now, ashamed to have begged a man to sodomize her,
ashamed but brave, determined to go through with it this time as she got down on
all fours.

"Let me help," Laura said softly, globbing lots of lubricant onto her husband's
erection and inserting a greasy finger into Maria's tightly puckered little
hole. "Relax, chica," she cooed. "Push out a little. That's it."

"Please don't make me wait," Maria whimpered.

Laura took her husband's cock in her right hand and aimed it at the prepared
target. She used her left hand on Bill's bottom to urge him forward until the
bulbous head of his cock was pressed against Maria's tight bottom hole. "Push,"
she whispered. And Maria pushed out with her ass muscles as Bill pushed forward
and the end of his cock penetrated her bottom.

"Oooh!" Maria gasped.

"Easy. Relax now and just let it happen," Laura said soothingly.

With a sigh, Maria willed her body to relax. Laura saw that she was ready and
used her hands to rock her husband's pelvis forward and back until he got the
rhythm and sensed the depth that he needed to keep from popping out while not
causing pain.

"I feel so full." Maria sounded surprised. "It doesn't hurt. It...I... Oh, I
can't like being fucked in the ass." She was sobbing. Her mind was imagining
herself in church, waiting to go into the confessional, waiting to confess her
sins to a priest, and this certainly was a sin. Probably a mortal sin. She was
sure that she would be damned to hell for eternity if she didn't confess a sin
as serious as liking the feeling of a hard cock up her ass, especially since she
wasn't even married.

"You know that I'm going to spank you really hard for fucking with my husband,"
Laura told Maria with a smile, sliding under her so they could kiss while she
caressed the Latina girl's firm young breasts. Something in Maria's mind said,
'Yes, if I get a really hard spanking, I will have paid for my sin. I'll be OK.'
Laura didn't understand. None of the other women did except maybe Tina. And
maybe Clarice. Or Gwen. But it didn't matter as long as Maria felt that she had
paid for her sin.

"Thank you," Kim panted to the man whose cock was buried deep in her bowels, and
to his wife who was alternately licking Kim's clit' and her husband's balls.
"Oh, thank you. I love it in the ass. So full. And it doesn't hurt. It's
wonderful. So full. So... oh, so hot." She stroked the woman's hair with one
hand and reached back with the other to caress her lover's face. For Kim, it was
heavenly being healed and whole again.

Clarice gave Red to the single women. He protested at first, but gave in quickly
once a young woman's tongue was circling the head of his dick. Clarice tongue
kissed all of her students and made love with most of them. Darlene was special
among her students because they were so much alike, so Clarice spent lots of
time licking the woman's pussy and asshole, inserting a finger in each as she
tongued Darlene's clitoris until a dozen orgasms left the younger woman
exhausted. "I should be doing that for you," Darlene panted.

"Just stay with Dwayne and stay in love," Clarice said, using her thumb to begin
heating Darlene up again. "That's the ultimate reward."

"I love you," Darlene sweetly told her instructor, mentor, and role model,
struggling with the last of her strength to embrace the woman, kissing her
tenderly but erotically.

"You love Dwayne," Clarice told her. "Remember that."

The party wound down quickly after the men's second round. Bruce had managed to
ejaculate eleven times in just a few hours, to the delight of the single women.
As impressive as his accomplishment seemed, Bill was prouder of his second
erection and that he filled the bottom of the Latina.

Hugs and kisses were exchanged all around. The seniors were both excited and
reluctant to leave. Bruce and Kaitlyn were the first to dress, Kaitlyn in her
first maternity pants and top. They waved as they drove off. Dan and Debbie were
next. He brought leggings and a tank top for her trip home.

"Did you bring me something to wear home?" Darlene asked her husband as she
waved at Dan's car.

"You're wearing it," he teased.

"Right. I can't go home naked."

"Since I had to take the day off today, and I don't have to be back to work
until Monday, I planned a little holiday."

"Oh, Lord, do I love you," Darlene sighed, grinning as she embraced her nude
husband, grinding into him obscenely.

"I hope you plan to take me home," Laura told Bill. "It's been fun and
educational, but I miss my old familiar home."

"Are we going to pick up Kimberly's things?" Bill asked.

"Maybe on Monday. I'm so glad she's coming to stay with us. It'll be nice to
have kids back in the house."

"She's hardly a kid."

"Compared to us, she is," Laura said.

"You're only as old as you feel, and right now I feel twenty again."

"You can thank Maria for that," Laura laughed. "Thanks."

"You're both welcome," Maria smiled, hugging both of them and giving each as
sensual a French kiss as she could manage.

"You're always welcome at our house, too. Don't be a stranger since your
school's so close."

"I may stop by for a few minutes but I have family that will expect me to stay
with them if I'm out there."

"I guess I'm ready," Kim told Laura. She wore a sleeveless lime green terry
playsuit that zipped up the front, and sandals.

"You did bring something for me?" Laura questioned her husband.

"Something brand new. None of your old clothes will fit." She looked great in
the stretch pants and T-shirt. They put the kinky gifts in the trunk and took
off.

Red drove the van with the three single girls, dropping Maria and Jennifer off
at their homes, and Wendy at the new apartment that she was renting for her
senior year in college.

Each of the graduates was beginning life anew. And each has a story to tell.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=- Watch for Good
Wife U. Alumni. Coming soon to a server near you.

GWU began as an idea for a short story but each protagonist demanded a
personality and a background. My protagonists demanded that their feelings be
expressed. They took over my writing. I'm no longer in control. The women of GWU
and their SOs, a group I truly like, won't let me stop writing about them.

Kim insists that I tell her story. Will she find true love? Or another Roger?
Did her experience scar her for life? Stay tuned.

After 12 weeks of GWU, Debbie was ready to marry Dan and settle down to the
American dream. Will she? With Bill and Laura as examples, can she fail? But
Bruce and Katy hold a similar dream. Can their teenage union work? How?

Darlene and Dwayne need lots of imagination, innovation, and plain hard work to
overcome the problems imposed by five kids and blue-collar jobs. How do they
manage? Darlene won't use the computer Kim gave her to tell her own story. I
have to do it for her. I only hope that someday she'll leave me alone long
enough to start another project.

Then there are the single graduates. Jennifer grew even taller. Can a 6'8"
teenager find a compatible man? How? Hang around NBA locker rooms? Can Maria
overcome her guilt? Or will she become a victim of an abusive sadist? Will Wendy
finish college? Then what?

Darlene, the standout of the class, demanded attention first. When I began to
write her story, Maria jumped into the story line, interrupting everything. Then
the damned little AmerAsian, Kim had to show her strength. But at the same time,
the other single women are discovering themselves.

It's hard to keep their stories coherent. When I tried to write Darlene's story,
Katy showed up. Then Maria and Wendy. All of their stories are impossibly
intertwined.

It's out of my hands. At the insistence of the GWU Alumni, their story is now a
serial. Consecutively numbered GWU Alumni chapters will follow an approximate
time-line from graduation.

Eighteen chapters are already stored in the hard drive and more are outlined.
But the ornery graduates of that 1994 class keep stumbling into new situations
and getting themselves into strange predicaments that they inject into my mind.
Something new is always happening and will be recorded as soon as I get the
time. I hope you enjoy the stories because...

This is a story that never ends. Yes, it goes on and on, my friends. I started
writing it, not knowing what it was. And now I to keep on writing it forever
just because...

This is a story that never ends. Yes, it goes on and on...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bobbi Jo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





