BDSM Library - I Kneeled Waiting...




I Kneeled Waiting...
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A fantasy session of a male slave: he was used and abused by his mistress and master.
I Kneeled Waiting...
 by azfsh




I Kneeled Waiting...
 by azfsh

I kneeled waiting in the corner of the room, after being instructed to neatly
fold my clothes and place them in the chest behind me.  I anxiously waited for
Master and Mistress to enter  to begin my training and serving.   Master and
Mistress entered the room and sat across the room from me.  They ordered me to
crawl over to them on my hands and knees.  Wishing to serve my Mistress and
Master properly, I lowered my eyes and kissed both of their leather boots.

"Very good," said Master, rubbing my head.

 Mistress ordered me to stand with my legs apart and to place my hands behind my
head.  They both stood up and proceeded to inspect my body.  They pinched my
nipples, grabbed and manipulated my cock and balls, squeezed my butt, opened my
mouth, inspecting my tongue, allowing me to suck my Doms and Dommes fingers. 
Mistress put on some rubber gloves coated them with some lube, she slowly
inserted two fingers in to my anus, humming in pleasure.

" I think he'll do," snapping the rubber gloves off, " but I think he would make
a better slut than a slave, don't you think so?"  Master nodded in agreement. 

Master proceeded to put a leather collar around my neck and attached a leash to
it.  Ordering me on my hands and knees, I crawled over to the other side of the
room.  Where they told me to stand up.  Mistress and Master proceed to attach
leather cuffs to my wrists and attached them to the spreader bar above my head. 
With a quick tug, I was pulled up to my toes forcing me to stand up straight.

"Sluts like to suck dick? don't they?" Majesty said.

"Yes, Master," I answered.

With that Master produced a cock harness gag and inserted it in to my mouth,
strapping it securely around my head and under my chin.  The gag filled my mouth
and muffled my moans.  He also strapped a leather blindfold securely onto my
head. Laughing, Master turned away.

Mistress came rolled over a metal cart with a variety of bowls and bottles. 
Mistress lifted up a bowl that looked like shaving cream and began to lather my
body with the cool, soothing cream.  They both picked straight razors from the
tray and began expertly to shave my body from head to toe. I felt them begin
with my arms and worked down my body. Then to my underarms and chest.  "don't
move, I wouldn't want to slip," Mistress said.  I felt Mistress expertly lather,
my balls and ass, as she shaved my pubic hair away.  Both of them continued down
each leg.  I felt a cool cloth wipe me down removing any remains of the shaving
cream. Mistress powdered my body with a sweet smelling body talc.  My blindfold
was removed, Mistress approached my face and removed the gag.  With the expert
moves of a superior dome, she proceeded to make up my face, giving me a
foundation, eye blush and sculpted lips. A full-length vanity mirror was rolled
in front of my, looking back at was a completely bald slave, from head to toe. 
My make up was slutty but very classy at the same time.  Very carefully Mistress
reinstalled the cock gag.	

Mistress came over with a leather and  satin garment, it looked like a corset. 
Mistress proceeded to wrap the corset around my midsection.  I felt Master
slowly tighten the corset, my sides came in closer, causing me to breathe
shallower.  Never been in a corset before the feeling of tightness was extremely
exciting.

"That's better," Mistress said, locking the back panel in place  Master and
mistress rolled up rubber stockings attaching the garter and put black patent
leather ballet shoes on my feet and locked them in place with small padlocks.
They also released each arm individually and rolled up black rubber opera gloves
on my arms.  "Almost done, " Misttress said.  She approached me and produced a
leather cock sheath.  "We won't be needing these...for now" giving me a wink and
a smile as she laced the sheath, encasing my cock and balls in a leather prison.
She produced another small padlock and proceeded to lock the sheath.  At the
same time Master attached a spreader bar to my ankles and to my knees making me
exposed to all.   Master and Mistress grabbed their favorite crops and began to
taunt and tease me. Slapping my butt, a couple of them caught, making me jump
and yipe into my gag, Mistress and Master laughed, both thoroughly enjoying the
taunting and teasing they were afflicting upon me.

" I think we shall call you Slut Tabitha", Ms Violet said.

After many enjoyable moments of taunting, I was release from my bonds only to be
put into more. I was blindfolded, leashed, and hobbled at my knees with a short
chain between my legs and a longer one at my ankles forcing me to take short
dainty steps causing my ass to sway like the slut I am. My hands were locked
behind me.

I was lead by my leash into what sounded like a bathroom, the clicks of my heels
echoed from the tile.  I was placed on my back on a cold, short vinyl table.  I
was secured down at my upper arms, elbows, and wrist.  My ankles were strapped
into stirrups and I was also secured at my knees and thighs.  Thick straps were
tightened around my hips and chest.  My ass was fully exposed. I felt what I
thought was Master's rubber gloved fingers invade my anus with some lube. A
small nozzle with a ball was inserted into my ass.  The ball was pumped up
basically sealing my ass.  I had a bad feeling what was going to happen.  Sure
enough I was right, Mistress removed my blindfold to find Master holding an
enema bag filled with a soapy mixture.  I have never had an enema before; I was
feeling very embarrassed and exposed.

"Don't worry slut Tabitha, we're only going to give you two of these today!"
Master said with a smile as they both left the room.  As I watched the fluid
disappear, I could feel my bowels begin to expand, the pressure was most
uncomfortable.  The fluid had disappeared and the pain in my body was beginning
to hurt.  Another five minutes went by, Mistress return to release the pressure
from the second hose going into my ass, slowly I felt the pressure release as
the fluid escaped down the hose and into the drain.  The whole process was done
a second time, unfortunately I was left for a longer period of time.  I moaned
into my gag, not really enjoying this at all.

Mistress and Master returned to the room, as Master began to expel my enema, Ms
Violet asked me if I was thirsty as she snapped my blindfold back on.  I shook
my head yes. Mistress removed my gag, I opened my mouth in anticipation of some
cold water, only to receive another gag being strapped to my head. This one was
a large leather phallus that filled my mouth.  Confused, Ms Violet removed my
blindfold, to find her standing over me,  pantyless and holding a funnel with a
hose attached which ran down to my gag.  My eyes got very large and I screamed
into my gag shaking my head in protest.  I have never tasted piss before and I
was not really excited at the moment to begin trying.

"Stop shaking your head bitch!" Mistress ordered loudly,  "or you will get it!"
I stopped shaking my head and closed my eyes tightly in anticipation of what was
inevitable.  Slowly  Mistress's golden nectar began to roll into my mouth.  It
was warm and salty, I did the only thing I could do, swallow as much as possible
and as quickly as possible.  Soon Ms Violet had finished giving me her nectar
and unstrattled me.  She removed my gag and I felt her sweet pussy pressing
against my lips.  "Clean me up good slut," she said.  I licked her pussy as best
I could.  She got off my face and returned with some cold water, which she gave
me through a straw.  "You did very good for your first time," she said removing
the straw and returning the cock gag into my mouth, strapping it tightly.

I was removed from my bonds and placed into my walking hobble position again.  I
was lead by my leash back into the other room.  Master ordered me to stand at
attention on my knees.  He removed my gag harness and collar. He returned with a
leather hood.  Master placed earplugs into my ears and laced the hood on my
head.  I couldn't hear a thing,  he snapped the large phallus gag into my mouth
and put the blindfold on also.  Mistress removed my wrist cuffs allowing to move
my arms momentarily.  A leather armbinder was pulled up my arms behind my back. 
Straps were wrapped around my shoulders, and the laces and straps were tightened
around my arms, bringing them in painfully close to each other.   A posture
collar was put around my neck, forcing my head into an upright, rigid position.
Mistress and Master helped me off the floor and lead me over to the other side
of the room.  My hobbling binds were removed and I was positioned onto what felt
like leather covered saw horse.   My legs were strapped to the legs of the horse
and I felt some rope being tightened over my midsection and chest.  My leather
cock sheath was taken off for the first time.  The cool breeze felt good running
across my sweaty balls and cock. I felt a strap go across the base of my balls,
securing them to the end of the horse. A chain was attached to the top of the
hood and attached behind me, pulling my head up even further.

Mistress removed my gag only to return with another one. This one was a ring
gag.  Mistress placed it in my mouth leaving my mouth open for pleasure.  I felt
some lubed gloved fingers invade my ass again.  While that was going on Mistress
press her beautiful ass against my lips.  "lick my ass slut, you know you want
to," she said.  At that same moment, Master began to insert a small butt plug
into my ass.  Knowing that I have never had any anal training, Purple Majesty
chose a very special plug, I began to feel the plug expand as he pumped it up to
a satisfied size. Master grabbed a small whip and began to tease and torment my
exposed cock and balls.  At that moment Ms Violet turned around and teased my
mouth with the strap on she had put on. 

"Sluts love to suck dick, don't they Tabitha?" she said.  " I try to say yes,
but it came out garbled.  Mistress laughed in approval.  "What a cute little
exposed bitch you are for us to play with.", she said excitably.  Mistress and
Master switched places a number of times playing with both ends of my body. 
Mistress added some clothespins to my cock and balls as she slapped my ass and
thighs with her whip.  Giving my butt plug a couple extra pumps for good
measure.  Master gave me another experience I have never experienced before,
allowing me to lick the tip of his cock.  Soon Mistress and Master became more
excited, Master released my ring gag and Mistress removed my butt plug.  I soon
found myself being  exposed to two new experiences I have never done before.  I
felt Mistress relube my ass and gently mount me with her strap on.  At that same
moment, Master invaded my mouth with his cock.  Slowly they both began to move
back and forth,  fucking both ends of me.  I had never had this happen to me
before.  I was extremely shocked by the predicament I had put myself into, but
also very excited and intrigued.  This went on for some time until both were
satisfied.  I felt them both remove themselves from me.  Master gave me a slap
on the ass in approval, as Mistress gave me a passionate kiss on the lips.  "You
are indeed a very good slut, for your first time,"  as she rubbed my head in
approval.  I was released from my bonds and allowed to rest at the feet of my
Masters for a while.

After a little rest, my Masters hooked my leash back on and led me over to the
cross that was on the wall.  I was instructed to place my self against the cross
with my arms and legs spread.  Master and Mistress proceeded to strap me to the
X.  First my wrists and ankles, then I was secured at elbows and upper arms
along with my upper and lower leg along with my thighs.  They also strapped my
chest and body down.  Master shoved a ball gag into my mouth and proceeded to
strap the rest of the harness gag around my head silencing me for now.  Mistress
brought up a leather parachute amd attached it to my balls.  She proceeded to
slowly add weight to it, stretching my balls out.  Master brought out a bag of
clothespins.  Both Master and Mistress had fun put a variety of pins on my body. 
The started with nipples, putting one on each nipple to begin with.  I winced
from the pain.  With a grin they moved down to my balls, making sure I was okay,
Master and Mistress put on a number of pins on my hard cock and balls. 

"I think she is looking pretty good," Master said, "how about some wine."  My
Master proceed to sit down on the couch and enjoy some wine watching with
enjoyment as I stood bound and struggled against the pain of the clamps.  "Oh,
settle down slut, they are going to hurt more when we take them off," Master
said.  After they finished their wine, they returned to me.  "This is going to
hurt," Mistress said.  With that they slowly removed the pins.  The pain was
intense as the blood flowed back into the area.  I winced and moaned into my
gag.  "oooh, poor little slut, did that hurt?"  Mistress said rubbing my
nipples.  Master released from my the cross and returned to the walking hobble
position.  

I was lead into the bedroom, where Mistress and Master, laid me on the bed and
strapped my leg, knees, and thighs together.  My hands were put into round
padded mitts and strapped to my sides.  My arms were also strapped to my sides. 
It was nice to lay down on something soft after all the excitement we had all
gone through.  My Masters layed on each side of me.

Gently tugging at my nipples and rubbing my cock. they talked to each other. 
"He made a fine slut, didn't he?"

"Yes, yes he did", she responded as she rubbed my hard dick in her rubber opera
gloves.

'What do you think we ought to do with out little slut now?   Master said
playing with my nipples.

"hmmmm, I don't know..." replied my Mistress.

With a sudden spark of excitement  they blurted out at the same time, "LET'S
MUMMIFY HIM!!"

"I'll get the packing wrap, rope, and duct tape!" he yelled, "I'll get the
vibrating butt plug, nipple clamps, and breather gag!" she yelled  With that
both ran out of the room, leaving me lying on the bed to comptemplate the
excitement and perversion soon to be afflicted on me in the kinky world of my
Masters!







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  azfsh


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





