BDSM Library - The Sex Slave Contract




The Sex Slave Contract
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Her boss found her stealing money from the company. In order to avoid going to prison, she was forced to sign a contract to be a sex toy of her boss.
The Sex Slave Contract Revised (MMM+F, M-dom, humil, reluc, blackmail,
spanking, oral sex, F-solo)

By j.o.writer


This is a work of erotica fiction to be read by adults only. If you are not
an adult or do not understand the difference between fantasy and reality
please do not read this story. I can be reached for comment at:

j.o.writer@freedom.net




The Sex Slave Contract
 by j.o.writer@freedom.net

 Mr. Lynch was very proud of the small company he had built from scratch. It
was a Financial Management Company that handled many accounts. The success
of his business relied entirely on his reputation, which he had taken 25
years to build. This is why he was extremely distraught to learn that his
office manager Miss Taylor had been stealing from some of the accounts.

 Mr. Lynch was scheduled to meet with his manager today at the close of
business. She was unaware that her boss had found her out, the scheme she
had in place had to do with skimming money from accounts of senior citizens.
Mr. Lynch knew because of an internal audit that this theft would soon
become public. Mr. Lynch wanted to avoid having this loss become pubic
information, the adverse publicity would ruin his business, and he would be
sued to return the money.

 Mr. Lynch never suspected that the very beautiful young woman from England
would steal from him. She had a bearing that always seemed very proper and
very honest. She was about to learn that her boss would demand and receive
benefit for his money.

 "Miss Taylor, I am aware that you have been stealing from my clients." Mr.
Lynch said, to his office manager at their after hour's meeting. Rachael's
shoulders sagged and her prime posture just collapsed. Mr. Lynch said, "What
do have to say."  Miss Taylor said, "What can I say, it's true, you know
that." Mr. Lynch said, "Why did you do it?" Rachael said, "I did it to buy a
home".

  Mr. Lynch said, "Well from the audit it would seem, you owe this firm
$182,000.00 do you dispute this figure?  Miss Taylor said, "No sir". Mr.
Lynch said, "Miss Taylor, I expect you to repay this theft completely, and
in order to protect the integrity of this firm I will be forced to
prosecute."

 The pretty, big bosomed 22year-old Miss Taylor said, "Please I don't have
the money". Mr. Lynch said "You will have to sell your house before you go
to prison."  "Prison?' Miss Taylor said. Mr. Lynch said, "What do you think,
you stole a lot of money from my clients and if we hadn't caught you, you
would have stole more." Miss Taylor said, "Please I will do anything."

 Leaning forward Mr. Lynch said, "What do you mean anything." Miss Taylor
with her head bowed said simply "Anything". Miss Taylor's body language left
no question she really meant "Anything".

 "Miss Taylor I have had my personal attorney draw up three documents I want
you to sign and I want you to video tape a confession." "If you do this we
can work something out to keep you out of prison, do you agree?" "Yes sir,
Thank you."

 "The first paper you must sign is a confession stating what you did and
why, sign here," Mr. Lynch said, indicating where she must sign. Miss.
Taylor signed the paper. Mr. Lynch said, "The next paper is a repayment plan
agreement, which will not be enforced, If we come to an agreement."

 "Miss Taylor now I want you to video tape a confession". Mr. Lynch was
saying this as he was removing a camcorder from a cabinet. "I want you to
read the prepared confession and then explain in your own words that you
have not been pressured in any way to make this video or to sign the
confessions. The Proper Miss Taylor presented a very creditable video
performance as she read the confession and spend some time talking off the
cuff about the scheme she used to cheat the old people.

 "Lastly Miss Taylor, the final agreement I have for you to sign is your
real repayment plan." Mr. Lynch said. "This document states you will
continue to work for me as an office manager with your present salary." "It
also says, you will be my Sex Slave for a period of 3 years, you will be at
my call during business hours and up to 20 hours per week off the clock,
time to be accumulated if not used." This came as no real surprise to
Rachael; She could tell this is where the meeting was going. It was just the
details she would need to understand but really, she felt she had no choice.
She signed the paper.

 "Miss Taylor, I will allow you to think about this deal tonight. I cannot
for obvious reasons give you a copy of your sex slave contract." "If you
decide you don't want to go through with this I will go to the police
tomorrow. If you complete the three years you will owe me nothing and you
can keep your house." Mr. Lynch said. "If you agree I will expect to see you
an hour earlier than usual in the morning. "Good night, Miss Taylor", Mr.
Lynch said, dismissing his employee.

 The next morning an hour before starting time, Rachael reported to her
boss. Mr. Lynch said, "Come in Miss Taylor and leave the door unlocked". Mr.
Lynch was busy with some papers on his desk and said, "Remove your clothes I
want to see what I'm buying".

 Rachael was very uncomfortable but she started to remove her clothes.  Mr.
Lynch never looked up from his papers he just said, "Everything". Rachael
stood before her boss completely naked with her hands folded in front of
her; very afraid someone would enter the office. Finally, Mr. Lynch looked
up, and said, " You agree unconditionally do you?" "Yes sir," she said.

 "Good, I want you to understand a few things, I haven't contracted for you
to be my girl friend. You are my sex slave and I will treat you as such. You
will exist for my personal pleasure." "There will be times when I will have
you service friends or business contacts. Do you have any problems with what
I have said"? Rachael said, "... err no sir".

 Mr. Lynch said, "Rachael you will never cover your cunt while you are in my
presence". Rachael quickly moved her hands and exposed her pussy to her boss
for the first time. Mr. Lynch said, "Miss Taylor at lunch you will go to a
sex shop and buy a butt plug. You will tell the sales person that you are a
novice at having a plug in your ass and you want help to buy the biggest
butt plug you can accommodate." "You will report to me after lunch, when I
will watch you insert it." "You are dismissed, get dress".

 Rachael stood outside her boss's office wondering if she was doing the
right thing. In some ways, she was a bit turned on by her boss's seeming
indifference towards her nudity and the control he had over her. Rachael
felt she would have been able to manipulate a younger man, but that didn't
seem likely with this 50 year-old boss.

 At lunch Rachael went to a sex shop and immediately every head in the place
turned to watch her. Rachael had striking beauty and today she had dressed
in her best business suit hoping to impress her boss. Rachael was never in a
sex shop before and felt very uncomfortable but she knew she wasn't about to
ask a clerk for help. Rachael browsed around the store until she saw some
butt plugs on the wall. She was very embarrassed to be standing inspecting
the plugs, tying to decide which was the biggest she would dare try to use.
Having no experience in these matters, Rachael picked out a moderate sized
butt plug and proceeded to a cashier.

 The thirty something man at the register could see how uncomfortable
Rachael was and decided to have a little fun. "Hmm would you like some
lubricant with this?" "Yes, I guess so, looking behind the cashier Rachael
red faced said, "I'll take a tube of KY-jelly please."

 After lunch, Rachael reported to Mr. Lynch. "Miss Taylor I don't have much
time, I want you to insert the butt plug now."  Rachael felt very strange to
be asked to do something so intimate in front of a man who showed almost no
interest her. She was also uncertain of the actual mechanics of inserting
the plug, there didn't seem to be a graceful way to do this. Mr. Lynch
seeing the uncertainty in Rachael said, "Miss Taylor turn around hike up
your skirt lower your panty hose and insert the plug."

 Rachael opened the bag, removed the plug and the KY, and placed them on Mr.
Lynch's desk. She then hiked up her skirt and lowered her pantyhose as she
reached for the KY jelly and plug. Mr. Lynch interrupted her and said, "Miss
Taylor put some lubricant on your finger and insert it in your asshole to
prepare yourself for the plug." Rachael turned her back to her boss.

 Rachael was now bent at the waist with her very pretty ass on display to
her employer. He said, "With your left hand hold your ass cheek as open as
you can, Miss Taylor". She did as she was instructed. "Now insert your
finger with the KY in your asshole and move it around until you think you
are ready to take the plug." Rachael didn't feel very pretty or desirable,
she just felt debased and used.  She had to wiggle her greased finger in her
asshole to make sure she would be able to get the plug in.  "Miss Taylor put
some more lubricate on your finger and push it in and out of your asshole".

 Rachael thought to herself if this first encounter with her boss was meant
to humiliate her, and show her who was in control it was working. She felt
incredibly embarrassed to be treated this way. Rachael was doing as she was
ordered, moving her greased finger in and out of her asshole. "Ok its time
to take the plug", Mr. Lynch said.


 Rachael reached for the plug kind of scared; she had never done anything
like this before. Mr. Lynch said, "I suggest you completely grease the plug,
you'll find it will go in easier." Rachael did as her boss said, thankful
for his advise after pushing in and out and applying more pressure on her
opening, her tight asshole finally accepted the plug snapping it into place.
Rachael released an audio sigh, relived that at least this part of her
ordeal was over.

 Miss Taylor, are you menstruating now? Rachael responded "No sir".  "Well
in that case hand me your pantyhose, you will no longer wear underwear in my
presence without my permission." Rachael handed her boss her underwear. "I
want you to wear stockings with a garter belt, no panties, and high heels,
from now on." "Yes sir." Rachael replied.

 Mr. Lynch said "Report to me tonight at the close of business". Rachael
replied "Yes Sir". "Oh and another thing Miss Taylor, from now on when you
are in my presence you will never sit with your legs crossed, your legs
should always be parted." I want to have easy access to your cunt at all
times." Without waiting for a response Mr. Lynch said, "You are dismissed."

 Rachael walked to the door awkwardly with the plug firmly in her rectum.
She could feel Mr. Lynch's eyes her, knowing he was taking pleasure in her
obvious discomfort. Miss Taylor went back to her desk very much aware that
she was no longer wearing the dark colored pantyhose she was when she went
into her boss's office, she hoped no one else noticed. Rachael sat at her
desk and thought about her situation, her boss was right, if he went to the
police she probably would have to go to jail and lose her home. She was
determined to keep her bargain with her boss.

 That night Rachael went to her boss's office. Mr. Lynch was relaxing with
his feet on his desk, listening to classical music. He lowered the volume
and instructed Rachael to sit on the couch. "How did it feel to walk around
today with a plug up your asshole, Miss Taylor?"

  Rachael said, "It felt very uncomfortable, I want you to know it doesn't
give me any pleasure at all, Mr. Lynch." "I really don't care if it gives
you pleasure or not, the plug is up your asshole because it gives me
pleasure to know its there." Her boss said with authority. "When you went to
the sex shop did you do exactly as I instructed you, did you ask for sales
help?" Rachael was afraid to lie and knew she wouldn't be convincing if she
tried, she said, "No Sir."

 "Miss Taylor tomorrow at lunch you will go back to that shop and tell the
clerk that the butt plug you brought today wasn't big enough." "You will ask
the salesperson to help you pick out the biggest butt plug that they think
you can take up your asshole."  Rachael was mortified, she wasn't sure she
would be able to do that, but answered "Yes Sir".

 Mr. Lynch went to his clothes closet and handed Rachael a very skimpy low
cut black dress, a pair of almost transparent panties and a pair of very
tall high-heeled shoes. He said, "Miss Taylor remove all of your clothes and
put these on." "We are going out to dinner. Rachael did as instructed, while
her boss sat and watched her discomfort grow. The dress made Rachael look
like a cheap hooker; it was cut way too low. Her boobs were clearly visible
including her nipples because the top of the dress was much too loose and
the rest of the dress clung very tight and rose up excessively high.

 Mr. Lynch said, Very nice Miss Taylor, please take a seat while I get ready
to leave. When Rachael sat, it was impossible to keep the dress from riding
up exposing her panties. She was at least grateful to her boss that he would
allow her to wear them.

   They went to a small moderately busy Italian restaurant the lighting was
subdued, but easily bright enough to read the menu. When Mr. Lynch and his
office manager walked in every head in the place stared while they were
seated. Rachael couldn't help it but her dress rode up ridiculously high,
but instead of looking foolish, with her great body, the outfit make her
look like a porn star. She tried to sit as demurely as possible, but that
only got her boss upset.

 Mr. Lynch said, "Miss Taylor I will not continually repeat my instructions
to you." "You were told to never close your legs in my presence, is that
right?" Rachael responded in a quiet little girl voice, "Yes sir", as she
opened her legs.

  Mr. Lynch told Rachael, "For questioning my authority you will be publicly
humiliated. He said, "Remove your panties and hand them to me. Rachael
pleaded with her boss she was panic-stricken.  Mr. Lynch said, "Now for
you're continued disobedience I will make you get on your knees and blow
every member of the restaurant staff before we leave here tonight, remove
the panties, Now!" Rachael, resigned, simply said, "Yes sir".

 The waiter came over and he was incredulous, Mr. Lynch was a very well
dressed businessman but the lady he was with, was dressed like a
streetwalker. Yet, on closer inspection the lady was clearly out of place,
her hair, nails, make-up and her general bearing was that of a lady. While
the waiter's attention was diverted to, Mr. Lynch, Rachael very quickly
slipped out of her panties hoping no one would see.

 Mr. Lynch interrupted his conversation with the waiter and said to Rachael,
Miss Taylor do you have something for me? The 22 year-old young woman's face
was beet red with embarrassment, as she said, "Yes Sir", and handed over her
panties. Mr. Lynch placed them on the table for all to see and this caused
Rachael's face to turn even a deeper shade of red, She was utterly
embarrassed. It didn't help any when the waiter looked to her lap and
clearly saw Rachael's hairy cunt on display, because the dress rose so high
and because she had to keep her legs spread apart. Needless to say, she had
never been more absolutely mortified in her young life.

 The table Mr. Lynch and Rachael were sitting at was right in the middle of
the small restaurant. Every person in the restaurant was stealing glances at
the couple. Their food came and for the most part, they ate quietly.
Rachael, for reasons she couldn't fathom was incredibly aroused. Her chair
was literally wet with her dripping pussy juice. She was very much aware
that she was sitting in a very public place with her breasts exposed and her
vagina on display for anyone who cared to look. She had a butt plug impaled
in her rectum, she couldn't do anything without constantly being aware of
the violation of her anus. In addition, she was having vaginal contractions,
just thinking, that soon she would be forced to get on her knees and perform
oral sex on strangers in public.

 Mr. Lynch and Rachael had gotten to the restaurant close to closing time
and the other diners were drifting out while they stayed and talked. They
were soon the last customers and Mr. Lynch told Rachael, "When the waiter
brings the check, you will say to him," "To show my appreciation for such a
nice meal, I would love to give you and every member of the staff a
blow-job, talk it over with your colleagues."

 The waiter came and Rachael with very obvious shame said her lines. After a
long pause, to fully digest what he had heard, the waiter said, "Count me
in, I'll check with the rest of the guys." He said this, with a huge
shit-eating grin. After a few minutes the cook, the other waiter, the cook's
helper, and the dishwasher were lining up to Rachael's table.

 Rachael got her knees waiting for the first in line. Mr. Lynch said, "Miss
Taylor, I think the guys would like it, if you removed your dress." Rachael
said, "Yes sir, as she pulled the dress over her head. She was now kneeing
wearing nothing but her high heels. Her hardened nipples protruded and her
clitoris was very erect. Cunt secretions dripped down her legs, from the
anticipation of the degradation she was about to experience. The first in
line was the other waiter; he was about eighteen and came almost as soon as
Rachael licked the drops of pre cum from his dick head. He shot off so fast
she didn't get his dick in her mouth, and his whole load landed on her face
and dripped onto her boobs.

 The mid twenties cook's helper was next and he didn't fare much better,
although he lasted a few minutes. His young cock spit out so much semen,
that Rachael wasn't able to swallow all of it, again a good amount landed on
her face.

 Next up was Rachael's own middle aged waiter, It took her a little more
time but the waiter was so horny after serving the virtually naked Rachael,
that he came rather easily. Rachael eagerly drank down his whole load, to
the cheers of the rest of the guys.

 The grossly overweight cook was next; Rachael thought to herself, it's a
good thing I'm on my knees because I'll never find his little wiener
otherwise. It was too difficult to get at his dick so he just dropped his
pants and underwear to the floor. Rachael slobbered over the very fat guy's
dick for quite awhile finally she could feel his prick really harden, she
opened her mouth and put it at the base of the cock and then closed over it,
applying wet pressure over and over again. Finally, he shot his wad, and she
drank down every bit of the salty semen.


 The final person up was the dishwasher; he appeared to be in his late 50's.
He also looked very rough. He appeared not to have shaved for a week or so.
Rachael wasn't sure which odor was more pungent, the body odor, the wine, or
the dried piss, she could clearly see on the guys pants. Rachael gave a
desperate look to Mr. Lynch. He said nothing, but his expression left no
doubt to any one, who was in charge, and what he wanted done.

 Rachael, resigned to her faith, lowered the guy's pants and underwear to
the floor. She gagged from the over powering stench of piss and body odor.
She was eye level with his good-sized dick, hanging limp and unwashed. She
looked up to his face, and saw his smirking leering toothless grin, looking
down on her.

 Mr. Lynch spoke up and said, Miss Taylor, I think you should give our
friend's genitals a tongue bath, perhaps that will get him in the mood.
Rachael said, "Yes sir".  The other members of the restaurant staff were
hooting and hollering, watching Rachael, lick dried crusted yellow piss from
the dishwasher's cock and balls. Rachael could hear the guys cheering her
on; she heard more than one of them say "What a slut!" and "What a fucking
whore!" Deep down, She knew they were right.

 Rachael was doing a great job of bathing the drunk's genitals with her
tongue. The dishwasher's prick was getting hard. Mr. Lynch went and got a
mug of very warm water, almost hot. He interrupted Rachael's ministrations
and said, "If you put our friend's balls in the mug and continue to blow
him, I think he'll be able to get his rocks off."

 Rachael submerged the guy's balls in the warm water and it generated an
immediate pleasurable sigh from the man. He got his first firm erection in
years. Rachael held the mug of water while her mouth went up and down on the
stiff dick. The Dishwasher tensed and arched his back, as he grunted, "Oh,
oh, I'm cuming." The drunk came and Rachael swallowed his foul tasting load
too.

 Mr. Lynch did not allow Rachael to wash the semen from her face and body;
she was required dress and leave. As, Mr. Lynch drove her home, she could
feel the semen dry and harden on her face and body as he drove. On the way
there, he ordered her to keep her dress raised with her legs spread wide. He
ordered her to finger herself the entire ride home. At red lights, he would
make certain he pulled up along side trucks.

 The next morning at work, Mr. Lynch said to Rachael, "Miss Taylor stand and
remove all you clothes". Rachael did as she was instructed. The pretty girl
was standing before her boss nude. "Miss Taylor turn around, bend at the
waist, and spread your cheeks apart." Rachael got in the lewd position and
waited for further instructions. Mr. Lynch just sat at his desk staring at
Rachael's asshole spread wide with the ass plug visible. After some time Mr.
Lynch said, "Miss Taylor, sit on the couch."

 Rachael relived to be able to sit, forgot and sat with her legs closed.
Mr. Lynch thundered, "Miss. Taylor I don't want to continually repeat my
instructions to you." "Whether or not we are alone or with other people you
are to keep your legs apart, in my presence. Do you have a problem with
that?" Rachael quickly spread her legs open saying "No Sir". "That's
better," her boss said.

 Mr. Lynch told Rachael," Miss Taylor, I want you to sit there with your
legs spread wide and masturbate". "When you get excited enough I want you to
beg me to fuck you," Rachael thought to herself that at least if her boss
was naked also, she wouldn't feel so naked herself.

 Rachael leaned back and began to rub her pussy moaning, feigning arousal.
She was saying please fuck me please fuck me. Mr. Lynch approached Rachael
and tried to put a finger in her pussy. Mr. Lynch said "Rachael if you
continue to lie to me, we can terminate our agreement." "Now I'm going to
sit at the desk and give you no more instructions." "I want you to
masturbate as you would if you were alone, when you are aroused I want you
to beg me to fuck you."

 Rachael had no choice this was really humiliating to her; she closed her
eyes and ran her hands over her body. She tried to shut out her boss's
presence. Rachael slowly became more aroused and started to rub her pussy.
Gradually she was becoming more stimulated; she used the palm of her hand to
rub her pussy. Rachael continued to rub her cunt with her hand increasing
the pressure and friction.  Her face became flushed and you could now hear
swishing sounds coming from her wet cunt. She began to moan, asking to be
fucked. This time she meant it; she was very aroused and wanted sex
urgently.

 Mr. Lynch again approached Rachael and stood between her spread legs.
Rachael was now using both hands to rub her burning pussy. Her nipples were
erect and her breathing was shallow, she was rubbing very fast. Mr. Lynch
said, " What do want, Miss Taylor?" "Oh please, please fuck me, I need it
please."   That's what Mr. Lynch wanted to hear, he wanted to hear the
beautiful 22 year old, beg him to fuck her. Mr. Lynch watching Rachael's
hands furiously rub her pussy, said in a quiet, matter of-fact way, "Miss
Taylor, I don't fuck sluts!" Rachael was totally speechless; she was
mortified to be in such a vulnerable position with her very wet naked cunt
on display to a man who held her in such utter contempt.

 Mr. Lynch said, "Did I tell to stop masturbating, Miss Taylor?" Rachael
responded "No sir." Mr. Lynch said " Miss Taylor you will continue until I
tell you to stop." Rachael resumed rubbing her pussy, but with none of the
abandon, she exhibited earlier.

 "Miss Taylor I will be gone a few minutes and when I return I will have a
young man with me.  You will continue to masturbate yourself as you say to
him this sentence." "I would love to give you a blow job and swallow your
cum, but first, please allow me to stick my tongue up your asshole." After
you blow him, you will insist that he give you the spanking you so richly
deserve.

 A few minutes later Mr. Lynch returned with the 20 year-old black
custodian, Willie Jones. Mr. Lynch sat in his chair ready to enjoy the show.
Willie stood before Rachael and said, "Baby you got something you want to
say to me?"

 Rachael said without her usual haughty tone, but still with her very proper
British accent, "Willie I really want to give you a blow job and swallow
your cum but first, will you please allow me to give your asshole a tongue
bath?"

 "Baby I'm all yours" Willie responded.  The very handsome very dark skinned
young man was taking off his work clothes with a huge grin. Willie quickly
got down to his Jockey shorts but was so excited by the sight of Rachael's
cunt he was having a hard time getting them off over his rock-solid
eight-inch thick, uncircumcised prick. Willie was finally able to get his
shorts off and stood over Rachael stroking his impressive dick.

 Mr. Lynch instructed Willie to turn around, bend over, and put his hands on
his knees. Willie got into position waiting for the office manager. Rachael
got on her knees looking right at Willie's ass. Mr. Lynch said, "Miss
Taylor, spread Willie's ass cheeks and see if you can worm your tongue up
his shit chute."

 Rachael did as she was told and held Willie's ass open, shut her eyes and
darted her tongue into the waiting opening. Willie loved every lick of the
office manager's tongue. Willie had been working for the company for a
little more than a year and Miss Taylor treated him like shit the whole
time. He said, "Bitch, snake that tongue of yours up my shit hole and reach
between my legs and massage my balls". Rachael did as she was told and
really tried to get her tongue as far into his asshole as possible. Her
entire face was buried into Willie's ass. She reached between his legs and
massaged his heavy balls, continuing to push her tongue into his now opening
sphincter muscle.

 Mr. Lynch allowed this to go on for at least five minutes, and then told
Rachael if she asked Willie nicely, maybe he would allow her to blow him
provided she drank down all his cum. Miss Taylor took her face out of
Willie's ass and said, "Willie may I please give you a blow job?"

 Willie turned around facing Rachael with his throbbing pulsating massive
black dick inches from Rachael's mouth. Willie said, "Sure baby, you can
suck me off". Rachael opened her mouth wide and put as much of the black
dick in her mouth as possible. She continually went to the base of the prick
sliding it down her throat and then she would apply very wet pressure as she
withdrew her mouth doing it over and over. She could feel Willie's dick
bobbing and throbbing uncontrollably. She switched her attention to just the
head of Willie's dick rapidly sliding Willie's prick head in and out of her
mouth. Willie's whole body tensed and he put his hand behind Rachael's head.
He was now standing, fucking Rachael's mouth, pushing his black rod in and
out with force. Willie begun to spurt semen, Rachael tried to swallow as
much cum as she could but there was too much and it was all over her face.

 Rachael tried to wiped the cum from her face but Mr. Lynch stopped her. He
said, "Miss Taylor you wouldn't have cum on your face if you had swallowed
it as you were instructed, you will leave it on your face as a reminder to
obey." Rachael simply said, "Yes sir".

 Mr. Lynch said, "Do you have anything you want to say to Willie?" The nude
defenseless Rachael said, "Willie I deserve a spanking will you give me one,
Please?" Willie said, "Sure bitch I'll spank you. Turn around and show the
boss your ass". Rachael turned. "Bitch, spread your legs, bend over, and
hold your ankles." Willie said. Rachael did as she was ordered.

  Mr. Lynch said, Willie give our Miss Taylor 25 very firm slaps to her
ample ass, after which time, finger fuck her cunt and if she isn't wet by
than, give her 25 more whacks." Willie still naked said, "No problem".

 Willie commenced to hit Rachael's ass very slowly and rather forcefully,
first one cheek than the other, in between each stroke he would take his
fingers and run them between Rachael's very visible cunt lips, slipping his
fingers in her exposed pussy, brushing her clit and sliding an extended
finger up the crack of her ass, only to come down quite hard with another
slap to her very exposed ass.

 Rachael stayed bowed over with her legs spread apart and her hands on her
ankles. She purposely exaggerated the pose, sticking her ass out, putting
her cunt on display. She was tying to just go with the flow. She wasn't
going to fight the situation. She just gave into her fantasies of behaving
like a slut. She reasoned with herself that there was no choice. She didn't
want 25 more hard whacks to her sore ass.

 Willie continued very methodically to slap Rachael's ass and run his
fingers thru her pussy, and ass crack. Willie's twenty-year-old dick was now
so hard it was bouncing with each slap.

 Mr. Lynch sat behind his desk with his zipper open and his raging fat
hard-on in his fist. The whole sight before his eyes was a huge turn-on. He
got off on the power he had to command these two naked young people to
perform for his amusement.

 Willie's unrelenting spanking of Rachael's ass continued one very hard slap
after another, Rachael's ass was becoming very red. Her pussy juice was
dripping down her legs, She was truly into being humiliated and stimulated
at the same time. Willie stopped spanking Rachael and stood fingering her
cunt hole.

 Mr. Lynch sat jerking off, taking in everything before him, he was watching
Rachael's cunt, with Willie's fingers forcefully slamming in and out of her
cunthole.  The boss's eyes darted between Rachael's naked body and Willie's
bulging big black dick. He told Rachael to crawl over on her hands and knees
and suck him off. Willie watched the office manager crawl by him; he could
easily see Miss Taylor's wet inner thighs and knew she was really getting
off on this kind of treatment.

Rachael knelt between her boss's legs and took his fat cock in her mouth for
the first time. She treated her boss's fat dick with complete reverence. It
was obvious she worshiped it. She gave the best, most caring oral sex she
could. She was soon swallowing her boss's cum. Her boss was holding her by
the back of the head with his prick shooting cum into her throat. Even
Rachael couldn't understand her behavior. The worse this man treated her the
more she wanted his approval. Mr. Lynch had Rachael lick his dick until it
was clean and soft.

 Mr. Lynch told Willie to get dressed. At the same time he told Rachael with
Willie present, that she would have to spend one hour each month with
Willie, doing anything Willie wanted. Rachael simply responded, "Yes sir."
This was only one method that her employer planned to use to keep his
"Slave" humble.

 When she was allowed to, Rachael got dressed quickly. Mr. Lynch said,
"Miss Taylor, I will see you after lunch tomorrow." "Before you leave I
think you should thank me for allowing you to get your cunt as wet as it got
today". Rachael was furious but didn't dare say anything, she said, "Thank
You".  Mr. Lynch said, "Thank you? Thank you for what, Miss Taylor". Rachael
said, "Thank you Mr. Lynch for allowing me to" self-consciously she said,
"Get off". "That's better Miss Taylor, on your way out lift your skirt as
you walk out." I want to watch your ass as you leave, Goodnight Miss
Taylor". Mr. Lynch said dismissing his slave. Rachael held her skirt at
waist level exposing her ass to her boss's view as she walked to the door.
Rachael walked out very awkwardly still unaccustomed to having her asshole
plugged.

 The next day at lunch, Rachael went to the sex shop, again drawing a lot of
attention. Rachael had no idea how to pull this off, she was afraid to lie
to Mr. Lynch again. The same unkempt clerk asked her if she needed any help.
She said, "Yes". He said, "Well"? Rachael beet red at this point said,
"Yesterday I brought a butt plug here." The clerk said, "How could I
forget". Well it wasn't big enough, will you please help me pick out the
biggest one you think I can take." Rachael said this with her head bowed,
her face very red, and stuttering. The Clerk said, "Sure sweetheart, You
mean take as in, take home" leaning closer to Rachael he said, "or do you
mean take, as in take up your ass?" This was said with a smirk. Rachael not
knowing how to phrase it said, "I need a large one to put in my anus, will
you help?"

 The clerk said to the other clerk "Al cover for me".  To Rachael he said,
"Come with me" The clerk led Rachael to the back room. The clerk said, "I
guess the only way to know what you can take is to try a couple." Rachael
was very embarrassed to be having this kind of conversation with someone she
ordinarily would have nothing to do with. Rachael was trying to remember the
instructions from her boss; she couldn't and said simply to the clerk "OK".
She felt in this way she could honestly say the clerk helped her pick out a
butt plug.

 The clerk in a much friendlier tone said, "Do you have the plug in now?"
"Yes". "Well while I get a couple of larger ones, remove your skirt and the
Plug." Rachael removed her skirt and was bent over with nothing on but her
stockings and a garter belt. Rachael's incredible ass was sticking out when
the clerk came back. The clerk said to himself holy shit; he immediately got
an erection.

 The clerk said, "Here let me help you take this out". Rachael was grateful
for his seeming kindness even though she could see he had an erection, at
least he was being nice. The clerk knelt behind Rachael, held the base of
the implanted plug, and worked it out of her very desirable hole.  The clerk
could see Rachael's asshole stay open only for a brief time after the plug
was out. He was no expert on these matters but he figured that if this young
woman's asshole closed up, as quickly and tightly as it did, she really was
not very experienced at having a plug up her ass.

 The clerk said, "Here lets try the largest one I think you can take".
Rachael looked at the plug the clerk had in his hand, it was about 9 inches
long and the circumference had to be 3 1/2 inches at it's widest. Rachael
was horrified and recoiled in fear."  Relax if you can't take this, we'll
just try a smaller one." The clerk said this in a very reassuring voice.
First lets open you up a little, he put a greased finger in her asshole and
worked it around and then he put two fingers in her asshole and worked them
in out of Rachael's sphincter muscle.  The clerk rhythmically moved his two
fingers in and out Rachael's asshole, gradually moving faster and faster in
and out. With his free hand he reached around her and massaged Rachael's
pussy. Rachael was panting obviously very turned on.

 The Clerk stood behind the classy looking young woman, jamming his fingers
into her rectum. The clerk with his free hand unbuttoned his pants and
unzipped them; he dropped his pants and underwear to his ankles. He easily
plunged his steal like 7-1/2 inch long, fat prick, up Rachael's shit chute,
and she loved every minute of it. The clerk stood straight up behind the
bent over young woman and fucked her up the ass. He held her by the ass as
he plunged in and out. Rachael was saying over and over yes yes yes, give it
to me. The clerk was driving into Rachael's asshole like a jackhammer. He
was sweating profusely now and he continued to plunge in and out, with his
rock hard dick.

 The clerk leaned over Rachael's ass and reach for her breasts with both
hands as he continued to move his prick in and out of her brownhole. He put
a hand on each breast and massaged them as he fucked the girl up the ass. He
was pinching her nipples very hard between his fingers as he continued to
ram his prick into her. Finally, he braced himself and stood. His whole body
tensed and he leaned back sticking his meat deep into Rachael's asshole. His
cum shot into Rachael's rearend. The whole time Rachael was pushing back
into the clerk with her ass trying to get as much of his dick up her ass as
she could. The clerk leaned over Rachael and again massaged her breasts as
his dick soften, gradually it soften enough that his penis came out. His cum
was leaking out of Rachael's butt. He said "Jesus Christ you're hot."
Rachael said, "You're pretty hot yourself."

 They both stood up and Rachael said, "It's getting late. I have to get back
can you help me with the butt Plug?" The clerk said, "Sure, it should be a
lot easier now". The clerk said, "Let me get you a wet cloth for you to
clean up with". He was saying this has he was pulling his pants up.

 The clerk came back with a washcloth and he had Rachael bend over while he
washed her ass and legs. Next, he picked up the large butt plug, greased it
and started to work it up the pretty girl's asshole. He was right, she was
so opened from being fucked; it went in with very little trouble. Rachael
didn't have the time to think about the fit, she had to leave. Rachael said,
"How much do I owe you." She really assumed he would say nothing. Instead,
he said it was $35.00 for the butt plug and $50.00 for the fuck. She was
shocked but gave him a $100.00 bill saying over her shoulder as she left,
she said, "Keep the change" under her breath she said, "Asshole!"

 On the way back to the office, she was thinking to herself. - This is
fucking ridiculous; I've just allowed myself to be fucked up the ass by a
creep, not only that, I paid him to do it.  On top of this, I have a monster
butt plug up my ass. I only hope Mr. lynch will be satisfied.

 Rachael reported to Mr. Lynch. "Come in, Miss Taylor" the door locked
behind her automatically. "Sit on the couch with your skirt raised, please."
Rachael sat with her skirt raised and her legs spread open. "Ha you are a
lovely young woman, when we are alone this is how I want you to sit."
Rachael replied, "Yes sir".

 Rachael, I want to show you something. Mr. Lynch said this as he walked to
the drapes lining one wall of his office. He pulled the cord and the drapes
opened exposing the client meeting room on the other side. The room showed a
conference table on the left and a couch to the right, against the wall
directly in front of the two way mirror was a low bookcase, across from the
couch against the mirror was a low comfortable chair. There were floor lamps
by the couch and chair.

 "Miss Taylor, I use this room to ease drop on my clients and business
associates, this room is wired for sound."  Rachael of course knew about the
room but she didn't know it had a two-way mirror used for violating people's
privacy.

 "Miss Taylor there is a young man waiting to be interviewed for a junior
accounting position." "You will interview him in this room."  "During the
interview I want you to sit in the chair against the wall." "You will ask
this young man if he would be willing to show you his penis in order to be
considered for the position."  "If he goes along with this and removes his
pants I want you to tell him you must see it hard." "How you decide to get
him hard I don't care. You can simply have him jerk-off or you can blow him
or fuck him I don't really care." "You will not divulge that you have an
audience, of course." "Miss Taylor you will keep in mind that you are doing
this for my amusement." I expect a good show if you don't provide one, I'll
just have you continue to interview applicants." You are dismissed, on your
way out lift your skirt, I'll like to watch your ass with its new butt plug
in place."

 "Rachael walked to the door with her ass exposed to her boss's view."
Rachael wanted a few minutes to collect her thoughts. She wasn't going to be
giving the chance. She was standing outside her boss's office straightening
her skirt, When the earnest and nervous young job applicant approached. "
Hello my name is John Webster".  He said, "Nice to meet you, Miss Taylor"
They shook hands and Rachael led the applicant down the hall. Outside the
conference room Rachael said, "Mr. Webster would you please wait for me in
this room, I will be with you shortly. Rachael opened the door and the
applicant walked in and shut the door.

 Rachael stood outside the conference room with her head spinning. She
wished she had time to think. She really didn't want to do this, but she
didn't know how to get out of it. Rachael took a few deep breaths and walked
into the room. John Webster stood when Rachael entered. Rachael picked up a
pad of paper and pen from the table. She walked to the end of the table and
motioned for John to sit on the couch and she sat on the chair against the
wall.

 Rachael made the mental note that John was a handsome young man about her
age.  Rachael asked John routine questions trying to work up the nerve to
say what she had to. Finally, it just dawned on Rachael the strategy she
would use. It might not be right but she decided to treat John the same way
she was being treated by her boss. She of course had to temper her treatment
somewhat because she had to produce a "good show".

 Rachael said, "Mr. Webster, what would you bring to this job." John
commenced to talk about his work ethic. "You will be reporting to me, do you
see any problem having a women boss, John."  "Miss Taylor, I'm sure you will
be happy with me, I would do anything you asked."

 "Mr. Webster if I asked you to stand and take your clothes off, what would
you say?" "Pardon me" I don't understand?" Rachael said "Mr. Webster if you
want this job, I want to see you naked, the door is locked. In 30 seconds if
you aren't standing in front of me nude you can leave, what will it be?

 John was shocked; this came as a complete surprise. John thought to
himself, Christ I really want this job. This would be an ideal job to start
a career. Rachael looked at her watch and John knew he didn't have much
time. John stood almost in a daze and began to remove his clothes.

 Rachael put the pad down and watched the young man. He had a taut thin
muscular body. He removed his jacket and tie and placed them on the table,
next off were the shoes and socks. Next were the shirt and T-shirt and then
the pants. John now stood before Rachael in his Jockey shorts. John was only
22 himself in any other circumstance if he had a pretty woman waiting to see
him expose himself he would have an erection. This situation was different.

 Rachael surveyed John's body with a preoccupied detachment. He was starting
to feel this was more a medical exam a seduction. Rachael said, "John take
your shorts off". John said, "Ok" as he begun to lower his underwear.
Rachael said, "John, my name is Miss Taylor and that's how you will address
me." "John replied, "Yes Miss Taylor," at the same time he removed his
shorts and they fell to the floor at his ankles, John stood covering his
genitals. "John, if I wanted you to cover your penis, I would not have asked
you to remove your clothes." "Yes Miss Taylor", John said this while he
moved his hands to his side.

 John stood before Rachael exposing a thin firm athletic body; His penis was
long, thin and hung flaccid with his testicles dangling invitingly. Rachael
sat inspecting John with obvious attention to his penis. After a few minutes
Rachael said, John I would like to see your buttocks would you mind turning
around. John just nodded slightly as he turned around. The young man stood
displaying an ass; many women would drool over.

 Rachael sat enjoying the view of John's incredible ass. Rachael had to
admit to herself, that she began this encounter with John, partially blaming
Him for her dilemma.  She was having a change of heart, "John turn around,
Please." Rachael said this in a much softer tone than she had been using.
John turned around with a semi-erect penis. Rachael knew that Mr. Lynch was
watching and he wanted a show and if she passed on John, she didn't know
whom she would be forced to be with.

 Rachael said, "John stand between my legs," she said this as she slid
forward on the chair allowing her skirt to ride up exposing her pussy.
Rachael reached up and put her hands on John's ass cheeks, nudging him
forward. She took his dick in her mouth, Rachael put the whole dick in her
mouth savoring the smell and taste of John's prick. John's dick grew in size
and Rachael began sucking his manhood. Rachael opened her mouth and took the
entire dick in her mouth, and then closed her mouth around the dick and
withdrew her mouth applying pressure with her lips and tongue. She did this
repeatedly.

 Rachael began to massage John's balls as she continually took his tool in
out of her very wet mouth. John reached down and fingered Rachael's wet
cunt. Rachael stopped sucking his dick because she didn't want John to cum
yet. She leaned back to remove her suit jacket and blouse, the whole time
John continued to finger Rachael's cunt, he now had two fingers buried in
her pussy. He felt the base of the butt plug in Rachael's ass, but didn't
say anything; he just raised his eyes and smiled.

 Rachael took her bra off and stood to remove her skirt, as she did this,
John cupped each breast in his hands kissing Rachael on the neck. Rachael
now stood with stockings, garter belt and high heels and nothing else.
Rachael led John to the couch and had him lean against the couch, facing the
wall with his hands resting on the headrest of the couch. Rachael knelt
behind John, spread his ass cheeks, and went right for his sphincter muscle
kissing his asshole and sticking her tongue as far up his asshole as she
could. She spread his legs out and held the cheeks of his ass open with her
hands while she gave his asshole a tongue bath.

 John stood spread-eagled with Miss Taylor's tongue wiggling deep in his
asshole, thinking he could easily get used to this job. Rachael withdrew her
tongue, licked her way up the crack of John's ass, and continued licking her
way up John's back until she was standing.

 Rachael reached around for John's very hard dick and turned him around. She
put her hand on his chest and gently pushed him into a sitting position.
Still holding his prick in her hand Rachael swung around and put his hard
prick into her wet Pussy. John sat back on the couch with his legs spread
wide open and let Rachael ride his dick. Rachael was sitting with John's
dick plunging in and out her cunt, facing the mirror massaging her tits.

 Rachael fucked John's dick with exuberance. Up and down, she rode his rigid
rod, almost letting his dick slide out her pussy and then plunging right
back down. Up and down, she was sweating with the exertion. John in turn was
fucking Rachael's sopping cunt, rapidly thrusting in and out. John tensed
and rose off the couch shooting cum into Rachael's pussy. Rachael had a
series of powerful orgasms, knowing Mr. Lynch watched while he let another
man fuck her. John and Rachael both slumped and relaxed, Rachael reached
back, touched John on his face, and said, " You're hired". John replied,
"Why thank you, Miss Taylor". They both laughed.

 Later in the day on her way home, Rachael reported to Mr. Lynch's office.
"Please Miss Taylor, sit down" indicating the couch. Rachael knew what was
expected of her and lewdly sat with her skirt up and her legs spread wide
exposing her pussy feeling like a tramp. Mr. Lynch sensed Rachael's
discomfort at being treated this way, and wanted to further humiliate her.
"Miss Taylor use your hands to open the lips of your cunt wide". Rachael
used her hands to open her pussy to her boss's view. "That's find, sit that
way for a while until your pussy lips stay open by themselves. Rachael sat
with her cunt lips open, feeling totally mortified.

 "Miss Taylor, I must commend you, so far you have made every effort to
comply with my commands. I must admit my attitude towards you has been
greatly clouded by my anger at you, for stealing from me." Rachael said,
"Yes sir". "Miss Taylor if you continue to cooperate, I promise you, I will
be less harsh." "Well Sir", with a bowed head and down cast eyes, Rachael
said, "Things have been fine Sir, you don't have to change anything."
Rachael realized she got off on the humiliation and degradation of being a
slave.


 Her boss, quite willing to oblige said, "Miss Taylor stand up, remove your
skirt and turn around and bend over and touch the floor bending your knees".
Rachael got in the desired position. Miss Taylor I'm going to take this butt
plug out of your asshole, I won't require you to have this up your ass, at
least not on a daily basis. "Thank you, Sir" Rachael said this as she stood,
bend over, in her stockings, garter belt and high heels, spread open for her
boss's amusement. Mr. Lynch stood behind Rachael working the plug out
slowly, It would start to come loose and he would put it back in twisting it
as he did. Mr. Lynch continued to move the butt plug in and out
sadistically. Finally, he just pulled the plug out, causing Rachael to gasp.
Mr. Lynch slapped Rachael on the ass playfully and said, "Miss Taylor take
this to my bathroom and wash your shit off of it".

 Rachael took the plug with the fecal matter on it, from Mr. Lynch. He said,
as she walked away, "Wash it and leave it on your desk, ready for use".
Rachael said, "Yes sir." She knew this kind of demeaning treatment was
intended to strip away any bit of dignity she had left. She knew her boss
had every intention of turning his "Miss Taylor" into a total submissive,
willing to obey his every command without question. Moreover, she was
looking forward to serving him.

This is the end of the story. I would enjoy receiving comments, especially
from women, particularly submissive women :-)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  j.o.writer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





