BDSM Library - New Job




New Job
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Small town girl takes new job and finds herself in a world of porn and orgies.
New Job
by M



New Job

Part 1

When I answered the ad for the job, it sounded too good to be true.  Meeting
lots of interesting people, lots of socializing and event planning.  But so far,
all I had been doing was answering the phone and scheduling these weird
appointments for the staff - and most of the staff I hadn't even met.  But, my
boss was nice enough and I had a lot of free time to shop and such - plus the
pay was great.  I'd worry about the boredom later.

When the phone call came in for me to run an errand across town - I jumped at
it.  I loved to walk around down Halsted....a world away from my conservative
lifestyle.  I didn't recognize the address....and it was a bit hard to find...I
had to go through an adult "toy" store to get to the back of the store... and up
a stairway....but for some reason...I was excited...and a little bit nervous. 
Heck, it was the middle of the day and there were lots of people around...what
could happen?

As I climbed the stairs...I saw only one door so I figured it had to be the
address.  When I knocked on the door I heard my boss tell me to come in. In the
room were several men and women.  As I was introduced, I immediately recognized
their names as those I had been setting up appointments for. 

They asked me to sit down in a chair at the conference table. I wasn't quite
sure what I was supposed to do or say - somewhat uncomfortable - yet I was oddly
curious.  They began to explain what it is they do.  It seems their business is
one of, well, let's say, quality assurance.  Their company makes a wide variety
of adult toys. They test out various devices at parties that they set up.  Their
company sells products - as well as services.  I was a bit shocked at what they
were saying.  Although, I had to admit, the group was quite good looking - men
and women and I was incredibly curious as to what the products were AND what
they did with them. 

They explained why they were very selective in who they hired - and that is why
they picked me.  I guess I seemed a bit open minded and free spirited.  Anyway,
I asked them if there was anything else they needed from me or if that was all. 
They smiled at each other - and said that's it for now - the package delivery
was enough.

To say I was intrigued was an understatement...my mind was racing.  Whatever
they did - I wanted to know more.

As I left the room, they were all smiling and talking amongst themselves.  I
couldn't really make out what they were saying but heard my name a few times.  I 
smiled, thinking about the good impression I must have made.   As I neared the
bottom of the stairs, I started to feel a little dizzy. I quickly sit down to
try to keep the room from spinning.  Someone brought me a glass of water that I
quickly drank.

I awoke to find myself in an elegant bedroom.   My head was pounding as I tried
to remember how I got there. As I looked around the room, it appeared to be in a
mansion, overlooking a vast forest.  As I  turned from the window, I saw my boss
standing in the doorway.

I demanded to know where I was and why.  In a very calm and assuring voice he
told me that I was safe and only here to do my job.  In his hand was a file
containing several papers.   I recognized a few of them as my employment
application and some of the confidentiality agreements I signed when I were
hired.   I recalled signing several documents designed to protect the companies
secrets. 

As Mr. Black, my boss,  reviewed the documents, he came to a section of my job
requirements.  One of them was to 'serve' at the Drake mansion.   I skimmed over
this at the interview and didn't really think twice about it.

I was shocked as he began to explain about the group.   The people I had met
earlier are all members of an elite club.  The club is funded by the profits of
the company and their chain of adult toy stores.  One of the functions of the
club is to test and develop new items for the store.  I have been nominated for
membership in the club. 

I was brought here for my initiation.  I now have to make a choice.   I can quit
the job - or be fired based on non performance of my duties according to my
contract. Or, accept the nomination and begin the initiation. 

I had 1 hour to decide.  During that time, he would give me a short tour of the
mansion.

We walked out into the hallway - the halls were long and filled with several
passageways and doors.  There were very erotic paintings and statues along the
way.  As we passed a doorway, I heard moans coming from within.  I stopped and
looked at Mr. Black - he smiled at me and opened the door.  As I walked into the
room, I saw two men standing on each side of a ornate bed where a woman is tied. 
The men were dressed in leather and wearing black hoods - each with some sort of
a crop in their hands. I was immediately frightened and turned to run.  Mr.
Black gently grabbed me as I heard the woman ask me to please stay - that I
might enjoy what I will see.  There is a chair placed at the foot of the bed -
Mr. Black asks me if I would like to stay - I reluctantly sit down.   I didn't
know whether I should be nervous, excited or  scared.  The men seemed very
menacing and I was frightened.

The each pulled on a rope that was tied to the back of the bed.  As they pulled,
her legs rose up high - almost above her head.  Her ass was exposed and I could
tell her pussy was wet - I could see it glistening...I felt my face turn red
with embarrassment.  I just couldn't believe what I was seeing. 

As she lay there - completely open and vulnerable...I saw them take a this
strange looking item out of a drawer next to the bed.  It looked like a huge
vibrator shaped like a cock...but it had nubs all over it...  He turned it
on...and gently slid it inside her wet hole.  She screamed in pleasure....with
that...they began to spank her ass with the crop - each taking a turn on each
side of her....she began to move in rhythm with the crop....one man leaned over
and turned up the vibrator to the top speed....she became incredibly loud and
thrashed about....she was screaming that she was going to come...with that they
pulled the thing out of her pussy and shoved it in her ass.  She screamed
again.....one man got on top of the bed and pulled out his huge cock and tried
to ram it in her pussy....she was so tight it took a minute...and he became more
aroused.  The other man continued to spank her ass....as well as her
tits.....just then a door opened.  Another hooded man came into the
room......and walked over to the bed.  He looked at me through the mask....the
eyes looked almost familiar....I could tell he was smiling at me.  I was so
crazed at this point....I was on the verge of letting them reel me into their
group.....but then came back to my senses just as he walked over to me.  I stood
up and asked Mr. Black if we could leave - "of course Anne Marie, but please,
call me Dan."

We walked back to Dan's office. 

"Before you make your decision, I'd like to reinforce the importance of rank
here.  In this house, discipline is absolutely critical."

As he was talking, Mrs. Simmons walked by in the hall and Dan called her in. 
Mrs Simmons was the company Chief Financial Officer.  She was about 45 and very
attractive.  Despite her expensive business suit, I couldn't help noticing her
rather large chest.  I had seen her at the office a few times in meetings with
Dan.  This time, I noticed a number on her ID badge.  Her rank was 537.  Dan
explained that she had been with the company for over 10 years, but had only
joined the club about 4 years ago.  She started with a rank of 100 since she was
already an officer with the company.  As he was talking, Dan called to Jim
Miller who was walking past the doorway too.  Jim was about 35 and the VP of
sales.  He's been with the company for 6 years and has a rank of 650.  Dan asked
Jim to demonstrate the importance of discipline.  Jim looked at Mrs Simmons and
smiled.

"Take off your shirt." He ordered.  Mrs Simmons quickly removed her jacked and
nearly tore her blouse off.  I turned away in embarrassment but couldn't help
looking at her standing there in her black lace bra. 

Jim reached out, grabbing the from of the bra, yanked it, breaking the small
clasp on the front.  Her tits were suffering the effects of gravity as they hung
quite low without the support of the bra.  Jim held out 2 paper clip binders,
the black ones used to hold stacks of paper.  "Put these on."  He ordered.

She hesitantly took them, knowing that she must comply.  She slowly closed the
first one over her right nipple.  She knew from experience to grab as much flesh
as possible to distribute the pressure.  Her face showed some pain as it was
fully released.  She repeated the process on her other nipple.  Her breathing
had become a little ragged as she stood there waiting for her next command.  Jim
ordered her to lie face down on the floor.  She did so slowly, with the clamps
now pressing painfully into her large breasts. 

"That will be fine, Jim." Dan finally said.  I could see a sigh of relief from
Mrs Simmons. Dan continued to talk about rank and discipline as Mrs simmons lied
there on the floor. After a few minutes,  Dan told her to get up and thanked her
for her time.  She picked up her blouse and jacket and left the room.  A few
minutes later I heard a loud moan from down the hall as she removes the clamps. 

I was in a bit of shock at this demonstration.  But after thinking a few
minutes, I had made my decision.  I wanted to be a part of this.

"Great" Dan said, we start immediately.

 The Initiation:

He made a call, and moments later, a woman in a nurses outfit appeared at the
door.  I was led to a small office and told to shower and thoroughly clean my
body.  When I returned, she said that she needed to get some medical information
from me.  She took my height and weight and measured every part of my body. 
When she was done, she had me sit on the examination table and put my feet in
the stirrups.   She then proceeded to shave every hair below my neck

With that done, she sent me back to Dan's office.  I looked around for my
clothes but found they were missing.  All I was allowed to wear was a leather
collar with my name on it. 

Back in Dan's office, he told me that the initiation would last 2 days and that
next weekend there would be a party and that I would be required to serve the
guests.

Dan explained my rank would start at one and increase by one digit every month
that I am here.  I could also increase my rank by exceptional performance by a
given task.  With that, he took a large permanent marker and drew a large "#1"
on my thigh.

**

I spent the first few hours reviewing the club membership.  I was to memorize
all of the names and faces so I could properly address them at the parties.  I
was to complete this task and be tested before moving on to the house.  The
testing was reminiscent of catholic school.  No praise was given for correct
answers, and a wrong answer resulted in a smack of the crop on my ass.

After 3 tries, I finally passed the test.

The house was huge.  There were about 30 guest rooms, including the guest houses
out back.  The first floor held the main ballroom, the library, and several
lounges.  The east wing had the swimming pool and workout rooms.  Over towards
the west was a large stone stairway to the basement.  I was not shown that but
was told that I would see it soon enough.  Just the way he said it sent a chill
down my spine.

Next came the product line.  I was taken to a room with every product the
company makes.  For the next 4 hours, nurse Jane demonstrated every product on
herself and me.  Form thrusting vibrators, to leather hoods, I was required to
be an expert in how to use each item.  Many of the items I had never seen
before, but I was anxious to learn all that I could.  I like most of the things,
but many things were designed for inflicting pain.  The whips, the clamps, the
wax, I was not a big fan of any of this.

By the end of the second day, my training was over and I was sent home.  As I
stumbled into my apartment for the first time in days, I felt like a completely
different person.  I had left for work 3 days ago a naive girl working a small
job.  Now a whole new world has opened up that I never knew existed.

It was Friday afternoon and I was exhausted.  I was told to get some rest
because there was a party this weekend and I was to help serve dinner.  Dan told
me to report at noon to receive my kitchen training.   I striped off my clothes
and fell into bed.  My mind was racing, trying to soak in all that had happened
in the last few days.  My hand wandered down to my pussy.  I was still surprised
at how different it felt now that it was shaved.  Without realizing it, I
started to rub my clit.  I hardly ever masturbated before, but now I couldn't
help my self.  My orgasm came quick as I muffled my scream in my pillow.    As
my breathing returned to normal, I drifted off to sleep with a smile on my face.

********************

The next day, I showed up at the house just before noon.  Anxious to start my
training.

As I arrived in the kitchen, I met Ms. Krabapple, the head of the kitchen staff. 
First I was taken to a changing room where I was issued a French maids outfit. 
The skirt barely covered my ass, and the push up bra really made my tits stand
out.

As we returned to the kitchen, I was introduced to Claire, Tiffany, and Sabrina. 
They would he serving at the party too.  They all looked about 25, and their
rank ranged from 5 to 15,  still pretty new, but certainly my senior. 

Ms K spent the next few hours showing me how to serve the guests and what my
duties were.  When we were finished, I was left in the kitchen as Ms. K went to
give the house a final inspection.  The three other servers were still in the
kitchen, eyeing me suspiciously. 

"Looks like I'm no longer the lowest rung on the ladder." One said with a smile. 
"I think its time to initiate you to the kitchen staff." 

Before I could say anything, they grabbed my arms and tied them behind my back. 
I struggled, but they easily held me down, bent over the edge of the table.  As
the other two held me, Claire lifted my skirt and removed my panties.  I
continued to struggle as she took a spatula and began smacking my ass.  The
whole time they were making degrading remarks about how they owned me and were
going to use me any way they wanted.    I was beginning to have second thoughts
about this whole club thing.  But, at the moment, there was nothing I could do.  

Claire stopped and said, "Time to prepare dinner, I say we stuff this pig." 
She returned from the refrigerator with a bowel of fruits and vegetables.  
Taking an apple, she forced it into my mouth until my jaw was stretched to the
max and my teeth dug into the apple.  I tried to spit it out, but couldn't open
my mouth any further.   She then walked around in front of me and showed me a
large carrot.  It still had the greens on it and was at least 12" long and 1.5"
at the base.   She began peeling it, flicking the peels at my face.   I just
glared at her.  When she was done, it was about 4" long and still as thick. 

Walking behind me, she poured olive oil all over my ass, rubbing it in between
my legs.  I feared what she was going to do next.  My guess was right as I felt
her start to work it into my ass.  I tried to relax, but it still hurt like
hell.  After several minutes of this, I finally felt my sphincter close around
the stalk. 

"OK bunny rabbit, lets see you hop."  She said as the other two pulled me off
the table.  She reinforced her order with a few smacks with the spatula.  I
began hopping a little, my green tail swinging between my legs.  As I continued,
she pulled open the front of my outfit, exposing my bouncing breasts.   I closed
my eyes as the spatula smashed them against my chest. 

They soon grew tired of this and pushed me back against the table, this time on
my back.  My jaw was really starting to ache now.  I glanced at the clock,
hoping the party would start soon and end my torment.  Claire went to the
fridge, and came back with a chili pepper.  She held it in front of my face.  My
eyes bugged out as I remembered how much they can hurt if you get them hear
sensitive skin.   I shook my head, pleading with her not to do what she planned
on doing.  She just smiled.   I closed my eyes as I felt her spreading my pussy
lips.  I screamed into the apple as it first touched my pussy.  It felt like I
was on fire.  I began thrashing about as she slowly pushed it in. 

It was about half way in when Ms K returned.  She was screaming at Claire. They
all jumped to attention,  I just lied there on the table, trying to focus on Ms
K through the tears in my eyes.   She was pissed. 

"How many times do I have to tell you to go easy on the new girls?  Get that
stuff out of her and clean her up!"  she barked.

Claire came over to me and roughly yanked the carrot out of my ass.  I could
feel my asshole throbbing.   Grabbing the chili pepper, she started to slowly
pull it out.  I watched as she looked over towards Ms K, who was spanking the
other two girls.   With an evil grin, she shoved the pepper in as far as her
fingers could push it.   I screamed into the apple once again.   Ms K turned
around just as she was pulling it out. 

Finished with the other two, she sent Claire to Jeeves, the butler.  Ms K still
seemed pretty pissed.  She helped me down and sent me to the changing room to
clean up.  She also gave me some cream to soothe the burning.

By the time I showered and fixed my outfit, it was time for the party to begin.  
I set about my duties, serving drinks and attending to the guests.  Must of the
guests were really looking me over.  As the evening progressed, I found I was
being groped by almost everyone I served.   I didn't really mind it, I knew that
eventually the party would erupt into an all out orgy.

As time went by, I realized that I hadn't seen Claire all night.  I secretly
hoped that she was receiving some type of painful punishment.   My wish was
granted as I made my way to the front of the house.  The house is a very old
mansion.  For a doorbell, there is a rope on the front porch.  Guests pull this
to ring a bell on the inside.  I was pleased to see that the part of the bell
was to be played by Claire.  She was tied to the wall by the front door, totally
naked.  The chain that would normally ring the bell, was now attached to her
nipples with some evil looking clamps.  Every time a guest would pull the rope,
they would be yanking her nipples.  Since they didn't hear the bell when they
pulled it, they usually gave it a few extra tugs to make sure the butler knew
they were waiting.  Claire was gagged, so all she could do was grunt through the
gag.   I stood there a few minutes, enjoying the spectacle of her humiliation.  
As I was standing there, one of the other girls from the kitchen, Sabrina,  came
up to me. I gave her an icy stare, but soon warmed up to her as she apologized
and said that she had to do what she did since Claire outranked her. 

I motioned to Claire and said "I'm sure she'll think twice before does anything
like that again."     Sabrina corrected me, "Probably not, I think she likes the
punishment more than the torment she did to you."

We both laughed, and went back to work. 

As the party seemed to wind down, all four of were brought back to the kitchen. 
I was told that it was time for the charity auction.   As the four of us walked
in front of the crowd, I began to wonder what was being auctioned off.  I got my
answer as I was ordered to step forward and remove my skirt.   My face turned
red as I heard the comments from the crowd.   All of our clothes were auctioned
off piece by piece and pretty soon were standing there naked.   By the time we
were done, people had spent over $5000 for our clothes.   As I began to walk off
the small stage, the Emcee stopped me. . ."We're not quite finished yet."

Before I knew it, he was auctioning off ME.  Everything became a blur as I
listened to the auctioneer calling the bids.  I tried to see who was bidding,
but I couldn't bear to look into the crowd of leering faces.  Finally, the gavel
came down.  I had been bought for $2500.   As I was ushered off to the side, I
was pleased to see that I was bought by Dan,  and his wife. 

The crowd started to dissipate as I stood there waiting for Dan to come and get
me.   I watched intently as he continued to mingle with the guests.   Why didn't
he come and get me?  Finally the butler came up to me and told me to follow him.  
He led me to Dan's suite and told me to sit on the sofa.   I figured that I
would just have to wait there, but he quickly began tying my ankles together.  I
knew not to protest and leaned forward as he tied my hands behind my back.   By
the time he was finished, I was tied in a tight hogtie,  my ankles bound tightly
to my wrists.  Even though was lying on my stomach on the sofa and couldn't move
an inch, my mind was going a million miles an hour. I couldn't wait for Dan to
get here.

After nearly an hour, the door sprung open.   My eyes adjusted to the light as I
saw Dan and his wife stumble in.  They were pretty trashed.  Judging by their
disheveled clothes, the party must be getting pretty wild downstairs.   As they
fell into the bed, they were kissing madly and tearing away their clothes.   I
don't think they even noticed me there on the sofa.

After about half an hour of sex, Dan came and rolled off.  Julia seemed to be
pouting a little, she still hadn't had an orgasm.  Dan seemed a little annoyed,
and looked at me for the first time.   He quickly untied me and pushed me onto
the bed.  He told me that I had 5 minutes to make her come.  I didn't really
know what to do.  I had never been with a woman before. 

I crawled up between her legs and slid a finger into he pussy.  She was dripping
Dan's cum as I slid my finger in and out.  She let out a moan and I was glad to
see that she was enjoying it.  As she started to thrust he hips, she grabbed my
had with her hands and pushed it between her legs.  I hadn't planned on eating
her, but I looked like I had no choice.   I licked and sucked as best I could as
she held my mouth against her pussy.  I could taste Dan's cum and fantasized
that I just blew him and he came in my mouth.  As Julia's moans became louder, I
felt Dan moving behind me.  My pussy was soaked so he had no trouble entering
with his half hard cock   I could feel him get harder with each thrust.  Soon he
was pounding away and with every thrust, he pushed my face harder into Julia's
pussy.   She gripped my head tight as my teeth scraped against her clit.  As she
came, she clamped her legs tightly around my head.  Suddenly I couldn't hear or
breath.   I felt as if I was cut off from the world.  Julia continued to squirm
beneath me as Dan continued to pound me from behind.  I began to panic.  I
thrashed around, trying to get my mouth free so I could take a breath.   This
send Dan over the edge.  He grabbed my hips and rammed his cock in as deep as it
would go. He held me tight as I continued to struggle.  Finally, after what
seemed like forever, they both released me.  I rolled off the bed gasping for
breath.

As I recovered, I heard Dan talking to Julia.  He was scolding her for putting
me in that leg lock.  He ordered me on the bed, and spread my legs.  He then
ordered Julia to eat his cum out of me.  I was suddenly ashamed.  How my life
had changed, I though.  Here I was, in a strange mansion, and a man who just
fucked me, was ordering his wife to eat his cum out of my pussy.  I didn't have
too long to think about this because as soon as her lips closed down on my clit,
she sent my head spinning. 

I had always enjoyed when guys would eat me, but I never really got off on it. 
This woman had the magic touch.  I felt my orgasm come from deep inside.  I
instinctively grabbed her head and held her there as my hips thrust into her
face.

After we recovered, we all showered together and went to bed.


End part 1 -

Part 2, coming soon.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dmatt


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





