BDSM Library - The Cave




The Cave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The girls were kidnapped to this cave and their only fate was to be tortured and killed. WARNING: extremely graphic torture and death.
The Cave

Steve 

WARNING: This story is a work of fiction and not to be read by person(s)
under the age of 21.


Continuing on, assumes you are over 21, and will not present/show this to
any minors


It contains extreme depictions of torture and death and is extemely graphic.

It does not necessarily contain the views of the author but was created more
as an exercise to see if I could write it

I welcome comments as this is my first effort at writing it could (if people
are interested) grow into a 13 part work

LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU THINK

Via posting in this group MY EMAIL WILL NOT REACH ME
although if you wish you can post private comments to
sickasapuppy@hotmail.com




The Cave(1)...Prelude...a work by Steve



Prelude
Steve liked his job. It was the best in the world. Who else could have his
pick of hundreds of women (he was allowed one in twenty to do whatever he
pleased with and he could use the bosses equipment to do it. All he had to
make sure of was there were plenty of nice looking cunt around to use when
the events happened twice a calender month.

His boss always liked him to come up with new perversions that his "guests"
could see and try. That was his job.... I suppose he could be called an
"Event Organiser".

It was a great setup, gather single unattached females from the big cities
and bring them to the bosses establishment (called the "Cave"). They had a
system which resulted in a steady flow of cunt into the cave...but none out
of it. It was a  carefully planned exercise that didnt allow for any errors.
He had a list of five hundred cunts on the books at any one time and a
complete dossier on each. He was amazed how gullible some of them were. His
Ten assistants would take five dossiers each and arrange to meet the cunts,
befriend them, establish a relationship and suggest they move in together
(what could be more natural) and then one night they would disappear. No
family or job to worry about. They were simply not missed because there was
no-one who would look for them. The handy little side benefit was their bank
accounts furniture and jewellery etc. He had worked out that the average
seventeen to twenty five year old female was worth on average $23500...and a
lot of fun!

The red light on the panel in front of him flashed jolting him out of his
daydream. The cargo helicopter had arrived with another "shipment". He
walked to the heli-pad where Frank was already unloading the "Cargo"

"Good Haul this week" frank said "We got 25. How many others have we got in
stock"
"mmm think we've got 53 but not all in a usable condition, theres a couple
with no tits from the last event and I think another couple missing a leg
from misbehaving. I kept them to feed the rest" That was the other good
thing....NOTHING was wasted at the cave. Once a cunt was finished with, she
provided meals for the rest.

Frank had finished unloading the general supplies for the cave and was
opening the false panels in the walls of the copter where the "cargo" was
stowed. Each of the them was mounted uncomfortably on a two inch steel rod
which had an adjustable length and was shaped not unlike a fishing hook with
a 180 degree bend at the bottom this had an 8 inch dildo type arrangement
which was inserted in the cunt, The rod followed the spine and further up
was a leather strap that fastened around the waist and another just below
the tits. A steel ring was fastened tightly around their neck. The arms
pointed straight up and were fastened to the T at the top of the rod. Above
that was the eye that connected to the slide in the roof of the copter.
Their feet were secured together with another leather strap and they had an
enormous ball in their mouths. The whole parcel was then wrapped in what
looked like cling film. It was a good system.

Frank was moving the first of them out....They could move them as you would
a carcass in an abboitior. They were moved to the grading area. Steve loved
this part... there was always one who wanted to fight and of course that was
just not allowed and he had to make an example of them. The grading area
looked very similar to a lecture theatre except there were no seats. All the
cargo were slid into position and the cling film cut from their bodies.
Steve always made sure that the lights were down and the video projector was
running showing images of all the things they did in the cave. letting these
cunts know what they were in for. He liked to watch their eyes as the horror
on the screen unfolded in full colour and sound. He always started slowly
with sex involving violent rape and sodomy and then moved on to torture.
They saw scenes of women being used as toilets, ashtrays, food, targets
dozens of things unspeakable things and.... he watched their eyes...

After an hour of all these images steve faded the sound down and the lights
up and walked to the front of the theatre and looked at each of the women
hanging on their steel rods, tits jutting out proudly. He could hear muffled
sobs from behind their mouth gags. After a time he spoke....

"You have just seen what you have been brought here for. You now exist for
one reason and one reason only ...OUR PERVERTED PLEASURE. You will never
leave here alive but if you do EXACTLY as told you may live a little longer.
Your function is to do everything you are told no matter what it is. Now we
will take your ball gags from your mouths as your first test to see if you
can keep your mouths shut NO-ONE is to speak or you will suffer the
consequences"

He and Frank removed the ball gags and returned to the front and spoke
again.

"You are about to be graded for particular chores in our establishment and
you should consider yourselves honoured because we have decided to film a
documentary on your path through our little "cave".  The first step in our
grading process is to issue you a number REMEMBER IT ...you no longer have a
name you no longer have a life except the life WE ALLOW you to have."

Steve picked up a couple of tools from the bench at the front and handed one
to Frank

"Want to brand or insert Frank?" he asked
"I'll insert" frank answered

The insert tool looked similar to a nail gun and Frank certainly looked like
he knew how to use it...he stepped up to the first female and released the
strap around her legs. Pulling her leg almost to horizontal he pushed the
gun against her inner thigh and pulled the trigger. Ther was a small bang
and almost instantaneously the female uttered an incredible scream. Steve
felt his cock harden..... Soon he thought.

"That is the ONLY sound we need from you. The more you scream the more we
like it"

Steve walked to the same female as Frank moved to the next one. They had
thought long and hard about the branding process. The brand had to be
visible but not enough to spoil the look of the females. The tool was not a
conventional branding iron. They had found that a conventional iron scarred
the flesh and took too long to heal and as these bitches had an average life
span of two to three weeks they needed something else. The brand was
circular about 4 inches accross and had hundreds of tiny needles on its
face. They were about a quarter of an inch long and were hollow allowing for
the passing of ink. Once fully inserted into the flesh a button was pressed
and heat was applied to the needles sealing the ink in place and also the
holes from the needles. They had found by experimentation that the best
place for the brand was just below the armpit on the side. The female
screamed loudly again as he did his work.

They gradually worked their way through the females who by this time were
all screaming and sobbing. Both mens cocks were now thobbing and they both
needed some action.

There was a voice from one of the females ..

"Y-Y-You C-Cant do this you bastards ...the cops will find out"

Steve chuckled to himself...there was always one

"YOU WERE ORDERED NOT TO SPEAK" he bellowed "THERE ARE NO SECOND CHANCES
HERE"

Steve walked to the offending female. She was what you would describe as
Buxom, Large firm tits, a brunette smooth, thin waist. He was sort of sorry
it was this one as he fancied using her for another purpose but no
matter...an example had to be made

With Franks help he undid the bitch and carried her to a contraption at the
front of the theatre. It was really in the shape of a cross  but had movable
arms that could me manipulated in any and all directions at the press of a
button there was also a tubular curved section that went against the spine.
They laid the female face down on a bench and started to attach the spine
bar. They had found that the most effective way to affix the spine bar to
render the victim immobile was to actually attach it via wire loops passed
tightly around the spine and actually stitch the victim to the bar. Once
completed the victim was completely immobile (in more ways than one) she was
hoarse from screaming and tears were rolling down her face. They attached
the leg and arm bars which were also secured with wire loops and now they
had her properly arranged with leg and arm joins pretty much where they were
naturally on the body. They turned her over and carried her and the
contaption to what was obviously the base of the machine.

Steve looked at the row of now 24 females ....

"We are going to have some fun now.... TAKE NOTE WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU
DISOBEY"

The women looked on in horror

Steve picked up a control box and manipulated the buttons

"You want front or back Frank?"

"Back thanks Steve"

The females legs were moving apart and were almost at right angles to her
body

"You like 'em REALLY wide dont you Frank"

Her legs were moving PAST horizontal and her cunt and ass were exposed. The
machine could be turned over and the angles changed so Steve angled it so It
was the ideal height for Franks insertion into her ass.

" I think I'll need some lubrication" Frank said picking up a small round
wood rasp. Another huge scream came from the female as he inserted the wood
rasp in her delicate asshole he slowly moved it in and out being careful not
to do too much damage ....yet. Blood POURED from the wound lubricating her
completely. Then Frank moved his rock hard 12 inch dick to the ravaged
opening and started to fuck her savagely. Frank spent himself quickly
shooting his cum all over the females back

Steve manipulated the machine so that the bitch was once again on her back
and arranged perfect height and angle so her mouth could be taken. Steve had
always had a phobia about female teeth closing at the wrong time and hurting
his manhood...He had two solutions for this problem . Either break the jaw
so that you have control over the pressure exerted or remove the teeth
....He quite enjoyed both. If you were removing teeth it was not necessary
to remove the back teeth, only the front ...A nice by product was that the
gums set up a nice sensation on the cock. He took a small set of pliers and
a small rubber spacer rom the toolkit and forced the mouth open. He used the
spacer to jam between her back teeth to open her mouth and proceeded slowly
to pull the teeth.

"There ....no way you can bite me now" he said

Steve loved (in fact preffered) to fuck women in the mouth ...he found that
done right their throat was more elastic than their cunts or their asses and
liked to almost choke them slowly as this set up a vibration within their
throats that was a great sensation. You could even make their mouths as
tight as a cunt with a little needle and thread ... also they had "handles"
at that end.... their tits, which could be used to great effect just with a
couple of hooks and a handle not unlike the ones used for skiing. You had to
be careful if you wanted to reuse the cunt though that you didnt pull the
hooks through the tits which sort of spoils their look. He was so hard and
randy though that this time however he just decided to fuck this ones
throat. Steve wasnt quite as big as Frank and was only 11 inches but he was
very broad. This made him quite a mouth/throat full. He inserted his cock
slowly almost lovingly into the bitches mouth and watched as her throat rose
as his dick passed into her throat. She immediately began to gag which was
exactly what he wanted but he knew the art of this was timing. He had
HUNDREDS of experiences where he got the timing wrong and the bitch expired
before he was ready for her to. he began to move in and out slowly timing
his movemnent with her gagging. There was nothing in her stomach to bring up
as none of these bitches had eaten for five days (which was a transportation
precaution) and then as he reached climax he savagely grabbed her tits and
rapidly moved in and out until he came deep in her throat. As was his way,
he lay on top of her once spent with his dick firmly implanted in her throat
as she began to choke. Normally he just would have stayed there and allowed
the bitch to expire but...this one was an example so he pulled out just in
time.

Both men stood back and admired their victim who now was just sobbing, and
had a cigarette

Steve asked

"Eat,Yet Frank?"

"Nup"

"Want some breakfast nipply's"

"Yeah, Why Not"

The young cunt on the machine had rather large nipples but even then they
were not enough for two. nipples and cunt lips the two men considered
delicacies and although they themselves didnt really like female meat the
were partial to these bits. They had to be eaten gently scorched and ALWAYS
fresh

"Pick one of the others for yours then Franks ...I'll Have this one"

Frank picked up a small fishing knife and walked along the terrified row of
females that had witnessed the show so far. Occasionally stopping at one and
using the knife pricking the underside of the nipple and flicking it upwards
before moving to the next one. Finally he stopped at a black bitch with a
pair of the biggest nipples you had ever seen

"Sure you want those ones Steve? These look REAL tasty" he said

"Go For it" Steve replied

There is also an art in removing and eating nipples. You need a thin blade
knife and patience...it should be savoured. The knife should be inserted
from below at the chosen height and pushed slowly all the way through being
careful to keep the correct angle. This can be difficult especially when
you've got a bitch that really doesnt want them removed. After your knife is
all the way through you repeat the process from the side and then two more
diagonally. You now have a loosened nipple. To prepare it for eating the
nipple should then be gently scorched with a gas flame being careful  not to
burn the meat...the idea is to gently crisp the outside and keep the inside
moist. You may need a touch of soy sauce. (some people actually inject the
soy into the nipple before biting into it). You then bite the nipple off.
The senation is quite chewy almost like octopus.

Both men went to work enjoying every moment ...the womens screams and pain
and both becoming hard again.

The tits are very well irrigated with blood and unless you want the bitches
to die before you have finished with them you need to cauterize the
wound.... that is after giving a liberal dose of salt which needs to be
firmly rubbed in (it doesnt do them any good but it sure makes them squeal)

They were satisfied, The women looked on with horror and uncertainty in
their eyes waiting in terror for what was to happen next.

Steve felt the "example" had been set. His victim lay now quietly suffering
still held fast in the machine, but Steve still had plans for her...the job
was not yet finished.

He turned to the 24 women still bound hanging from their poles. Every eye
watching him terrified in case they were next in his sights. They had felt a
small taste of what the girl on the machine had felt with their branding and
the thing they had inserted in each of their legs. But they had felt
nothing... compared to the girl in the machine.

Steve walked along the line glaring at each in turn until their gaze
faltered with fear. There was silence until...

Steve said quietly "This is the sort of thing we do here and MUCH more. We
ENJOY hurting torturing and then snuffing women. We do it for a living.

No-One cares about you...you were carefully selected from our files which
were carefully researched and not one of you has any living relatives and
any friends you may have had think that you have just "moved on" with your
boyfriend.

At the moment there are around 50 in the cave JUST LIKE YOU! Your old life
is FINISHED and your new life has already begun.

We have around 12 different functions that you can perform in this place and
each of you will be given a designation mark under your brand, learn the
designations well"

Steve picked up the remote for the video screen and started a slide
presentation
Each slide contained a picture of a women in various poses ...mostly in
agony...Steve provided the commentary explaining the meaning of each word as
it appeared on screen

GEN General
A can be placed in any other category but are generally used to clean up
after the others ie body parts blood etc

FUC
Can be used in any way a man and that is ANY man wants to use any part or
hole you possess or one he cares to make himself if that is what he wishes

TOI
Will work in the toilet... not cleaning it ...BEING IT

ASH
Will work as an ashtray for whoever needs one

POR
A portable Fuck machine remember there are only four parts of your bodies we
are interested in arms or legs are not necessary for this and will tend to
get in the way

MEA
From time to time we enjoy preparing and eating women those who are selected
for this are in for a real culinary treat

EXP
We have eight or ten doctors here who cant experiment outside on human
beings in the outside world but here they are free to do whatever they wish
especially as you have ceased to be human, provided they have the dollars to
pay for it

BET
Gambling usually betting over the demise of one or another of you

FUN
Thats ours ...not yours these cunts will be used as playthings in whatever
little perverse games we can invent

HUN There are a thousand miles of desert all around the cave those with this
designation will be invited to walk out and be free...Of course there will
be a few obstacles in the way

TAR Could become a dartboard or part of a knife throwing or rifle shooting
range

FUR will be a piece of furniture


These are all we have at present but who knows what the future will bring"

Shortly we will issue your designations but first we have another small
demonstration for you
This will explain what will happen if you DONT obey every order without
question. Believe me we ENJOY doing this and an order wont be given twice. A
short while ago you were all issued with a number it is always a number
between 1 and 99 because we never have more than 99 cunts in the cave...if
we have I am not doing my job properly

Steve picked up the nail gun and walked towards the girl still in the
machine. Her legs were still unnaturally past right angles revealing her
cunt which was bulging out. he picked up the remote and incredibly her wide
open legs were forced further towards her head...She screamed and then a
loud crack could be heard as her pelvis snapped and she lapsed into
unconciousness. Frank brought a bottle which he poured some into each
nostril and she was suddenly awake coughing and spluttering but still in
incredible agony. Steve still had the nail gun in his hands and he pressed
into her other inner thigh and fired. He then quickly made his way to her
side and fired again into her armpit, then did the same on the other one.
Working quickly he used wire cutters to free her from the machine and
attached chains to each appendage...they seemed to go to all four corners of
the room and they slowly took charge of the hapless girl hauling her up so
that she was spreadeagled around 10 feet from the floor

REMEMBER what this cunt did ...she SPOKE when she was told not to THAT IS
NOT ALLOWED she at the moment has FOUR numbers 96, 97, 98, 33 from the
inserts we have given her YOU ALL HAVE ONE in your upper inner thigh"

Steve said loudly "33CUNT" instantly there was a loud bang and a scream from
the hapless female and her left leg appeared to come away from her body a
swung on its chain dripping blood.

" you ALL have a small explosive charge imbedded deep into your inner thigh
...its only the size of a small drug capsule but it will blow a leg off. You
will not die from it as we will cauterize the wound and the extremely slowly
over weeks you will die

"96CUNT" the other leg came away with the same result she hung there by
bother arms jerking and gushing blood

"97CUNT"

"98CUNT"

The girls torso dropped to the floor with a thump and lay there writhing

"That ends your lesson for today ALL we have to do is announce your number
and your insert will explode....the inserts WILL ONLY respond to a male
voice....and that is ANY male voice......"

And that dear reader is the end of THE CAVE...Prelude


Your vote...should I continue the story?




The Cave(2) GEN's ......a work by Steve

The twenty four remaining females were still impaled on their rods mostly
trembling with fear as the two men sat and studied them for grading. Steve
took the grading process very seriously. Mostly the females had been vetted
ahead of time and the dossiers were returned with them including any new
details his assistants had gathered. They made recommendations as to which
task their particular females would be best suited for...

A GEN needed to be strong in body and weak minded so they could control her
easily..luckily the Doctors who used the cave for their experimentation had
developed an operation that extinguished any resistance.

They would do ANYTHING without question even to the point of self
destruction. Outwardly they appeared normal, could even carry out an
intelligent conversation.

They were not a lot of fun however because to totally dominate takes away
the excitement...but they were functional.

Steve finished the paperwork and stood up...Incredibly the cunt on the floor
was still alive...barely.... her severed limbs still dangling from the
chains.

"We better clean this place up before it starts to stink" he said walking to
a closet in the side wall

He opened the door and pressed a button. Inside was a GEN female impaled the
same way as the other twenty four along the back wall except she had no
leather straps around her legs. She also had a tube down her throat which
was obviously used for feeding.

The button released the GEN Steve said...

"Clean up that mess"

"Yes My Lord" she replied lightly "What should I do with it"

"Put it in the grinder chute"

The grinder chute was a portal to the kitchen located in the basement of the
complex and was part of the feeding mechanism for the cunts who had the
misfortune to be here. There was one in every major area of the complex
The GEN set about her task eagerly. It was incredible that Steve had
COMPLETE AUTHORITY over the GENs.

He watched her for a moment and noticed that she was losing some body
condition and was deeply scarred from numerous "sessions".

"How long have you been here?"

"Three months my Lord" she said

"Well once you've finished you can put yourself in the grinder chute as
well."

"Yes My Lord"

She busied herself cleaning the blood and body parts from the floor, taking
the limbs off the chains and throwing them into the chute in her closet.
Faint grinding noises could be heard as the limbs went down the chute.

She picked up the cunt on the floor who just moaned pitifully and took her
to the chute. There was no sound for a split second and then a shrill scream
which was cut short abruptly and then all that could be heard was the
grinding.

The GEN walked over to Steve and stood quietly waiting for his attention.

"YES?" he said

"I have finished My Lord, can I do anything else?"

"NO FUCK OFF....wait a minute come here"

Steve picked up the fishing knife that Frank had been using and quickly and
deftly sliced the nipples from her tits
The GEN grimaced obviously in extreme pain but didnt move or make any sound.

"NOW fuck off...no sense in these going to waste"

The GEN walked to the chute and climbed in without hesitation, the grinding
sound started again for 20 seconds or so then stopped.

"Remind me to stick another GEN in here Frank"

Both men were ready for a break and decided to leave the rest of the grading
till tomorrow morning ...the cunts were not going anywhere and besides ...it
was time for lunch.

"What do you want to do with the black bitch I cut the nipples off earlier"
Frank asked

"I dont give a fuck, the cunt will be no good for an event now and wont be
very pleasant to play with " Steve said

" We could use her to test the new game you've been working on" Frank said

"Ok we'll do it after lunch ...you'd better seal them though before the cunt
bleeds to death"

Frank walked to the female who trickled blood down her stomach from each
severed nipple she was almost unconcious through lack of blood. He slapped
her face but she didnt respond

"I think this is going to be a waste of time Steve" Frank said pricking the
bitch with his knife " Shes too far gone"

"No problem....dump it down the chute then"

Frank slid her out of position and towards the chute, unfastened her from
the rod and unceremoniously dumped her into the chute...the grinding could
be heard again for another 20 seconds.

They left the grading area and headed for the restuarant. The cave was a
fully functioning hotel that had been carved out of a mountain. It had 50
guest suites, various function rooms, a restaurant, pool, casino everything
the modern hotel would have. Their guests were carefully selected and were
only present during the twice monthly "events". The rest of the time Steve
and his assistants pretty well had the place to themselves. The boss had
beaten the problem of wages as most of the "Staff" were made up of GENs who
were easily replaced and worked for nothing. At $100,000 for the 3 day event
it was not a place that everyone could afford to come to but those who came
wanted for nothing.

There were GEN's located in all corners of the complex each impaled on their
own "hooks" and were automatically fed a diet of mince and ground grain
which they themselves provided with their demise. Each GEN had the normal
"insert" as all the cunts did but once they were graded they were given a
"location" insert as well. From a panel in each part of the complex the
location and status of each GEN could be logged. They were in the main
treated better than all the other cunts here but still eventually ended up
the same way. They were especially useful in some of the games and events
that Steve planned from time to time. They were COMPLETELY obedient. In the
unlikely event that one of them gained back a mind of her own and attempted
to leave the cave the insert would explode all by itself. Any unauthorised
movement within the complex would lock all doors and a gas could be released
in whatever area it was needed to remedy any problems. This had never
happened but you couldnt be too careful

They reached the resturaunt and were greeted by the GEN on the door who
smiled warmly as they walked up to her.
She was blonde and looked like a super model with perfectly shaped tits and
thin waist. They always kept the GENs clothed which added a small amount to
the mystery.

"Table for two.... Send coffee and the menu" Steve snapped

"Immediately My Lord" she said as she led the way to a table

Steve and Frank sat down. Within a few seconds two other GEN's approached
one was obviously the menu as she had the word branded between her tits and
food items were listed below them. The other had a serving tray attached in
between her cunt and tits with cups and various oddments on it. The tray was
tightly fastened around her waist with a U bar that extended between her
legs and came up behind her back and was fastened to a tank arrangement
behind her. In the centre of the U was an expanding dildo that stretched her
cunt to the limit and steadied the contraption. She smiled at the men and
pressed lightly on one of her tits which began filling a cup with coffee.
The tank attached to her back was a coffee machine and a tubes ran up in her
back from the machine and through her tits to terminate at her nipples. Of
course the nipples were not real (although they looked real) hers had been
removed and replaced with a rubber type compound. To the touch they even
FELT real. When the system was designed they had wanted to keep the nipples
real but they had kept blistering and the cunts wore out too quickly so they
elected to replace the nipples with the rubber compound. The customers
couldnt tell the difference however. The same principle could be used for
all sorts of drinks. The GEN placed the cups on the table before the men and
thanked them for using her and left.

Both men ordered a steak (particle of cow....not female) and settled down to
a good lunch.

They started talking about the game that they were working on for the next
event.

"Why dont we get the GEN to fetch it here and retrieve a cunt from the
grading area...We could set it up on the stage area"  Frank said.

"Good Idea"

They sent the Blonde GEN off to retrieve the game. and they went back to the
grading area and selected a female from the twenty four still impaled there.
They slid the hapless female out on her slide and headed back to the
restaurant. By the time they returned the GEN had wheeled in Steves new
gambling game. It consisted of a large disk around eight feet diameter and
had a outline of a female painted on it. a sharp barbed hook was placed
between the legs so as to hold the cunt in position. and a ring was in the
neck position. The hook was arranged in such a way that at the release of a
catch it would spring sharp barbs sideways impaling the victim and holding
her fast. This also had the effect of her making the noises that they all
liked to hear.

They began to remove the cunt from her bonds. But she, realising what was to
happen next began struggling and screaming out but the men overpowered her
placing her on her back on the horizontal disk and fastening her neck in the
ring which was then snapped shut. They needed to adjust the neck ring so
that her cunt was placed just at the tip of the barb and then they moved the
disc vertical. The weight of her body combined with gravity as she slid down
the disk savagely forcing the barb into her cunt and she let out a blood
curdling scream. The men felt their members harden knowing what was to come
and enjoyed the sight of the cunt impaled on the hook arms and legs flailing
around not being able to get off the cruel barb. When the barb was fully
inserted and blood was tricking from between her legs Steve tightened the
neck ring so that it was just short of choking the bitch...he made sure
however that it was difficult for her to breathe. He then released the catch
on the barb and the cruel device widened to its full extent preventing any
removal. The barb was not necessary for the game but set a mood for those
watching. There is nothing like the sound of a terrified female in extreme
pain to get the blood flowing in your cock.

Now the cunt was secure Steve and Frank moved the disc horizontal again and
set about setting up the next part of the game. There were thin steel cables
that came from the back of the machine and were in line with her
extremeties. Her arm was inserted into a pipe wide enough for it to fit.
This had holes in the side and was connected to the steel rope. the diameter
of the pipe could be adjusted so to provide a tight fit on the arm or leg
and for good measure bolts could be hammered through the pipe so that it
couldnt come loose. Now the bitch was held tightly spreadeagled on the disc
held by the neck, the cunt, arms and legs. Blood was streaming from her by
this stage and she was just a blubbering mess, the pain had taken away her
voice...for now.

Steve and Frank by now both extremely hard stood back and surveyed their
work. The bitch was held fast to the disc now in its vertical position. The
wires had been pulled tight and the game was about to start. Steve had a
remote control that controled the movement of the disc so they both took up
position in front of the stage and told the drinks GEN to pour them a scotch
each. Steve ordered the Door GEN begin sucking him off which she willingly
did and placed his member between her lips and started lovingly massaging
his dick with her mouth. Frank on the other hand simply played with himself
enjoying the sight in front of him too much to pay any attention to another
cunt.

Steve pressed "PLAY" on the remote and the disc began to turn. As it turned
the steel ropes began to tighten ever so slowly. Steve had worked out
through various "experiments" just how much pressure the arms and legs could
sustain and his "game" was geared so that it would exert an equal pressure
on all four limbs. They could make this game last for HOURS if need be but
on this occasion he though it would last 20-30 mins. In normal operation men
would be sitting around all with handsets and would place bets on which limb
would be wrenched from her body first. Once a limb was broken the steel rope
was designed so that it would then pull rapidly and complete the process of
wrenching the limb off altogether in seconds. There were neon lights placed
at each extremety showing how much had been placed in bets on that
particular limb. The intention was anyone that picked the sequence of all
four limbs would win their stay for free.

The wheel continued to turn and the pressure began to build on all four
limbs and with each turn of the wheel the females moans grew louder almost
as though she was coming to a climax. Steve certainly was, he grabbed the
blonde GEN by the back of the head and savagely pushed himself into her
throat to get the sensation of her gagging on his member. He had no worries
about a GEN trying to bite him as they loved EVERYTHING he wanted to do.
Suddenly there was a loud CRACK! and the cunts left leg came away, falling
to the ground. She let go a terrible scream. The wheel continued to turn and
Steve increased the speed. Very shortly within a couple of revolutions the
other limbs came away one at a time ...the  right arm and then the other leg
and arm came together. Steve came down the blonde GEN's throat at the same
time completing his pleasure. Frank was a few seconds behind but let his go
over the floor. Frank told the GEN to clean him and the floor up so she took
his member in her mouth and cleaned off the cum that was still dripping from
his member then proceeded to lick the small puddles of cum from the floor.

They both got up and walked to the disc which now held only a torso of a
barely alive cunt still held fast by the barb and the ring around her neck.
Blood was running profusely from her wounds and they knew she would only
last another few minutes before she expired.

Frank released the neck ring and Steve attached another wire rope to the
barb that still protruded from her cunt. The wire was attched to a slide in
the ceiling and they pulled her up so that she was dangling with her head
about crotch height.

"You know Frank....If we could figure out a way of keeping the bitches alive
a little longer the winner of the game could use the cunts mouth ...it hasnt
been touched and its still got a perfectly good set of tits attached...Its a
pity not to use them.

" We could try cauterising the wounds...that might make it last longer"
Frank said

"We'll have to think about it " Steve said

After giving orders to the GEN's to clean the mess up the men left the
restaurant.... Steve to create a few FUC's and Frank to go to the bathroom
and the TOI's

But they are two other stories

That I will write if you want me to...

Let me know....




THE CAVE...(3) FUC's ......a work by Steve

Frank felt good after leaving the resturaunt. Good food, good company and
great entertainment. Who in the world could have a better job than his? All
the pussy he could use and abuse in any way he wished and getting PAID for
it. He remembered when he acted like anyone else on the planet. Left school,
found a job got married and started on the treadmill of normal living. It
was a real stroke of luck that five years ago he was in the right internet
chat room at the right time and made contact with his boss. This guy said he
was looking for participants and managers for a  rental S & M  operation and
would like to hear from anyone interested. He emailed a form to Steve from
an untraceable email account and Steve was to mail it back after filling in
the details. He must have passed the questionaire because a week later he
recieved an email to meet this guy at a lonely farmhouse 100 miles out of
the city. After meeting and finding out what he wanted to do Steve was real
excited although he didnt think it could be pulled off and thought the guy
was all talk.

He started work the next week in an operation that was similar to a brothel
and worked there for around eight months before the boss trusted him enough
to tell him about "The Cave". The rest was history ... Steve had to fake a
move out of the country and move to the cave. His wife had to either be
"eliminated" the boss had said or become part of the "stock" of the cave.
The "stock" option appealed to him and he took great pleasure in introducing
her into the general population  ....she only lasted one "event" before one
of the guests decided to "ravish" her with a broken bottle and she expired.
He remembered the pain in her eyes as she looked at him for the last time.
And then she was gone. Her parents strangely suffered a car "accident" and
her two sisters eventually appeared as part of the "stock". All loose ends
were tied.

Steve reached the "store" which was located within the basement of the
complex. They called it the "store" but it was really much more than that.
This was where they kept the usable cunts they had gathered. It opened into
a large warehouse type room with fifteen large concrete walled cages, the
ceiling was criss-crossed with the same slide arrangement found all through
the complex. The doors were made of wire netting with signs above and a
panel of fifty sets of lights and various switches. The lights had a green
red and orange setting. Green represented all was well, orange small
maintenance problems and red meant no activity. Steve noted that the lights
were all green.

"The Cave" had a maximum capacity of six hundred and fifty females at any
one time but rarely had more than a hundred. Steve opened the door with
"FUC" on the sign above it and went inside. On the right hand side there
were ten females held in a similar arrangement to the one holding the new
females in the grading room. They had beeb selected as the best candidates
to be made into FUC's. Each of the them were mounted a steel rod which had
an adjustable length and was shaped like a fishing hook with a 180 degree
bend at the bottom. The rod followed the spine and further up was a leather
strap that fastened around the waist and another just below the tits. A
steel ring was fastened tightly around their neck. The arms pointed straight
up and were fastened to the T at the top of the rod. Above that was the eye
that connected to the slide in the ceiling. The one difference was that
these females were not resting on a dildo but had a mechanical arm attached
to each leg which allowed their legs to be held in any position. Currently
each of the ten cunts were arranged almost as if they were lying back
against the wall with their legs wide apart with their cunts roughly at eye
level totally exposed and their knees up around their tits. They were
arranged this way so that their normal body functions (shitting and peeing)
could take place. Below them was a small trench that flushed with water
every few hours and cleaned any waste away. A spray attachment also made
sure they were clean at the same time.  In their mouths were feeding tubes
that were computer controlled to give them enough food to maintain body
condition but not enough to put on weight. The mechanism they were held in
also provided exercise by moving their body parts in programmed movements.
This all had to be automated as these cunts may be hanging here for weeks
waiting for their turn to be used.

Along the opposite wall six already made up FUC's were suspended. The
arrangement for them was somewhat simpler as they couldnt put up much of a
fight or move anywhere (no legs/arms) they simply had a dildo in their cunt
and also in their anus and neck ring attached to the wall. To keep their
various functions active and to exercise them their dildos automatically
expanded and contracted every five or six hours. Steve found it necessary to
put controls in place recently when, due to a computer malfunction the
dildos expanded to such a size that they wrecked a couple of perfectly good
cunts by ripping them apart. He hated the waste.

Requirements for a FUC were to be small and light, as they had to be carried
around, and have very tight and small asses and cunts. They had found a lot
of men who visited the cave were only interested in a females cunt, ass,
mouth and tits and so they created the FUC. It essentially consisted of
removing their arms and legs as they were not needed and only got in the
way. It made for really good penetration as their pubic mound was the lowest
extremety on their body and by removing some body fat from their ass their
anus was also visible and accessable. It was hard to tell that they had at
one time sported legs and arms as their amputations had been covered with a
special rubber compound that was the colouring and texture of flesh. They
still had a womanly shape and were perfectly fuckable in all their holes.

Steve hadnt been down here since they were put away after the last "event"
so he needed to check them over for damage before the next one. Four of them
were perfect, no cuts or bruises one was badly cut up but in Steve's
estimation would recover in about a week. The last one was also perfect
until Steve turned her on her stomach  and noticed she had some bad gashes
on her back that had partially healed but would not heal without scars. Once
a cunt had scars they were useless. They either went straight into the
grinder chute or if they were healthy the best they could expect was to
become part of a doctors medical experiments or a roast in one of the
events.

"Pity 33" Steve said more to himself than the FUC
"I think your days are numbered"

Steve attached the normal carry frame for a FUC which was and L shaped frame
which had a two inch dildo on the bottom of the L, A metal loop that
fastened around the waist and another loop which fastened around the neck.
She could then be carried like a suitcase.

"I might make use of you tonight"

As he liked to have around ten FUC's available he would now have to create
another five over the next week ready for the next event It took a couple of
hours to make one. Steve slid the next one towards a door at the rear of the
cage. Inside looked like a carpentry shop with various benches with
fasteners obviously meant to fasten a body, a band saw and circular saw.

The cunt looked terrified. She knew what was to happen as even with the
feeding tubes the females were able to talk to each other and they had all
heard the tales from the existing FUC's. Only one of them had survived three
"events" and all the rest had only been to one. That meant she had been a
FUC for six weeks which was unusual. Not many of them lasted that long.

"P- P - Please My Lord. SPARE ME" she stammered.

Steve laughed

"I dont know what you are worried about...When I have finished with you, you
will have lost weight, have a much better figure than you have now and will
just have to lie around for the rest of your life...albeit a short one"

The cunt looked at him, pleading with her eyes but she said no more...she
knew it was useless

Steve picked up a hypodermic needle and inserted it at the bridge between
her anus and cunt and pressed the plunger. He knew that was an extremely
painful place to put it. The needle contained a drug which would dull her
senses as the shock of what was to come could kill her. It also rendered her
immobile for a short time..she would not be able to move a muscle while he
did his work.

He busied himself getting things ready while the drug took effect. About
fifteen minutes later he saw her head flop to one side a sure sign that the
drug had taken effect. They had found by trial and error that the best way
to remove the limbs was while they were frozen. They injected another
special drug into each limb to prevent tissue damage as the remaining flesh
defrosted. The freezing prevented the blood loss that would be inevitable
from such an operation. They only needed to freeze the joints and had a
specially constructed frame for doing this. After mounting the cunt in the
frame Steve applied the liquid nitrogen taking care to keep her arms and
legs in the best place for removal (once frozen he wouldnt be able to move
them) another 15 minutes past while he was waiting for the liquid nitrogen
to do its work and then he picked her up now ready for the saw. He only had
a few minutes to work before the limbs would begin defrosting so he worked
quickly. The arms were the best starting point so he turned on the band saw
an manouvered her into the best position for working and began his first
cut. A few moments later he had trimmed both arms making her shoulders the
same shape as she would have with her arms at her sides. He was careful to
miss any muscle that might spoil the look of her tits. Then he started on
the legs removing them from the cunt outwards shaping her so that she had a
rounded appearance on the bottom.

Although the cunt had been rendered immobile and couldnt move and also her
senses were dulled she was in extreme agony from the operation steve had
performed. The doctors that frequented the cave were very "handy" with ideas
and drugs for these operations and had developed a salve that served as a
sort of undercoat for the rubber compound Steve was about to apply. It
reacted with blood to form a seal and also killed the nerves in that area so
that by the time Steve had finished the cunt wouldnt feel a thing.
Unfortunately the body rejected the salve after about three months but that
was of no consequence as she wouldnt be required that long. He applied the
rubber compound  to where her missing limbs once were being careful to
follow the natural shape of her hips and buttocks.

Steve moved her to the end of a bench where there was an upright expanding
steel dildo and neck ring. This is what he used to put the "finishing
touches" to a FUC. He expanded the dildo and tightened the neck ring so that
the FUC was held firmly and stood back to admire his work. To this time the
whole thing had only taken about forty minutes.

He was always amazed that even after the HUNDREDS of cunts he had seen and
used, they still had the power to give him a hard-on

"You are one of my better ones, cunt"

The drugs she had been given were wearing off and she found it strange that
the only pain she felt was not from her missing limbs but from the enormous
dildo lodged in her cunt.

"W - W - W - hat have you done to me she asked weakly

"I've made you into a mobile pleasure unit" Steve replied grinning

"I'm just wondering whether you should become an ENHANCED FUC"

An enhanced FUC was very popular with the guests. It involved making an
incision either side of the vaginal slit and inserting a small vibrating pad
in each behind the lining of the vagina and then stitching the incision. The
same was done within the throat. A pressure switch was then inserted in the
tits so that the tighter they were squeezed the more the cunt and throat
would vibrate. There was an art to the way the wires were installed under
the skin and directed to the place they had to go with the minimum of
scarring.

"Nah...With a little tit and ass modification you will do.."

Steve turned her torso round using the dildo as an axel and bent the cunt
forward so that she was held facing away from him at about a forty five
degree angle and felt the ample ass before him. He liked to "modify" a FUC's
ass so that the anus was plainly visible without pulling the ass cheeks
apart and enough fat was removed to allow maximum penetration.

"Hmmm.. I think you could afford to lose a bit of fat out of here" Steve
said picking up a large syringe with a sucker hose attached. It had a large
gauge needle attached. He inserted the syringe and expertly moved it around
sucking the unwanted fat from her ass cheeks. She let out an almighty scream
as he did this and bucked on her dildo

"Whoops, sorry" He said grinning " We dont use any painkillers for
this...Its only superficial and will not cause you any lasting damage. I
would keep still though as I wouldnt like to slip"

He removed all the fat required and noticed that he had nearly a litre of
fatty fluid in the bottle. Although her ass cheeks now looked bruised and
the skin needed time to settle to its new position her ass (in his opinion)
looked MUCH better than it had before.

He turned her around once again and bent her upright. She was sobbing and
tears were streaming down her face from the punishment she had just
received. He liked the way her tits gave a little jiggle as she sobbed. He
took the bottle of fat and separated the component parts in a machine he had
just for the purpose.

"See" he said "Nothing is wasted at the Cave. You tits could do with some
work as well and I have around half a litre of your own stuff to improve
them"

Using the same syringe as before he set about "re-modelling" her already
ample tits.
The cunt obviously didnt appreciate this and spent her time screaming and
crying out

When he had finished they stood out a little unnaturally and now the nipples
were just too small for her tits....but he could fix that. On a shelf he had
what looked like stiff plastic tubes that were sealed at one end and had a
hypodermic needle though the seal. They were various sizes. He selted a pair
that were about 3/4" long by 3/8" wide and brought them to the bench. they
had tire type valves in the side and he connected one of them to a vacuum
hose. Placing this over her nipple he watched as the vacuum took hold and
slowly pulled it up the tube. She screamed again once the needle started to
penetrate the tip of her nipple. He did the same to the other nipple and
injected more fat directly into the nipple withdrawing it slowly to get an
even spread.

Now his FUC was finished. A few days and the swelling and bruising would go
down and she would be ready for use.

He took her back to the "store" and installed her onto her dildo inserted
the feeding tube and activated the computer program to control her movements
over the next week till the next "event". She should be ready by then.

Steve decided that was enough for one day and picking up the injured FUC
from the floor where he had dumped her left the store.

On his way back to his quarters he ran into Frank.

"Hi mate" Steve said "You want a FUC to play with tonight?"

"Enhanced?" Frank asked

"Yep...when you have finished, dump it though its got a bad gash on the back
and won't be any good"

"OK...it wont be any good when I've finished anyway...by the way I think we
need to replace the TOI in the main bathroom... I think its nearly full"

"I'll organise that in the morning" Steve said "I feel completely Fucked...I
think I'll get an early night"

Onwards to chapter four...

Please keep the comments coming ...No point in writing this stuff if no-one
is enjoying it....
sickasapuppy@hotmail.com




THE CAVE... (4)TOI a work by Steve



TOI

Steve awoke totally refreshed after a good nights sleep. His bedroom GEN was
waiting silently at his bedside with his morning cup of coffee. He looked up
into her warm inviting eyes and thought for a moment whether he needed a
fuck.

Maybe later.

After lighting a cigarette he walked to his bathroom so that he could ease
his morning hard-on. It had been two years since he had relieved himself in
a conventional toilet. As he walked into the bathroom the bathroom GEN
greeted him with a smile. It was her function to ready his bath or shower
and clean him after all his ablutions. In the corner where one would expect
a conventional toilet bowl was a female toilet cunt kneeling, with her body
angled at 45 degrees and her head roughly at crotch height and looking
upwards at the opposite wall. She was held in a frame which kept her
immobile in her current position and a metal mouthpiece kept her mouth wide
and ready

This was a TOI.

They didnt need talent as they would only be used as receptacles for faeces
and urine and anything else from time to time that was placed in their
mouths. They were mainly selected on the basis of having a large inviting
mouth.

Steve aimed his cock at the wide open mouth and let fly. A thick stream of
his golden hot piss shot into her mouth. She had no choice but to swallow as
her nasal passages were blocked with small rubber stoppers. He had seen them
try to resist swallowing and even pass out through not breathing but their
automatic body responses always made sure that they swallowed the lot. He
had developed a special valve that was mounted at the very back of their
throats that once it was down....it stayed down. Their life span was pretty
limited and each might last a week (if they were lucky). A TOI's life was
certainly not a happy one.

When they were selected in the grading room they were taken to the TOI store
where they were given large quantities of laxative and allowed to clean
themselves out. They were then subjected to an enema to further clean any
foreign substances out of their bodies. A Large hard rubber stopper was
inserted in their ass to prevent any "mistakes" or "accidents" and their pee
hole was cruelly stiched up. A  valve was then inserted in the back of their
throats to aid in "swallowing" and last but not least a chemical cocktail
was administered to turn them into virtual septic tanks

The bitch retched, obviously not enjoying her morning "warm drink" and he
chuckled to himself. This only made her swallow faster. There was obvious
hate in her eyes as she looked up at him. Slaves were usually "discouraged"
from looking into their masters eyes but Steve liked it. It brought home the
power he exerted, He liked the thought that this bitch HAD to do whatever he
wished and her life could be extinguished as easily and thoughtlessly as
turning off a light switch. He flicked his spent cigarette into the cunts
mouth and it sizzled as her toungue frantically tried to stop it burning.

He stood, watching for a moment and pushed within himself to see if he could
drop a load yet. He couldnt so he decided to go back, finish his coffee and
have the GEN give him some head to ready him for the day ahead. Sitting in
his easy chair he commanded the bedroom GEN to get "on the bar". She knew
exactly what to do as this had occurred many times. There was a bar that
extended between both walls in his bedroom that could be adjusted in height
from floor to ceiling at the press of a button. He lowered the bar and his
GEN lay so that the back of her knees were accross it. He started to lift
the bar and she clung on by bending her knees around the bar. Once he had
reached the desired height he twisted her arms behind her and used cuffs to
fasten left arm to right leg and right arm to left leg. A couple of chains
on pulleys attached to the knees pulled tight, left her in an extremely
uncomortable but accessable position with legs wide apart and mouth in a
perfect position to service him. Her large well shaped tits looked better
upside down than they did right side up.

He sat down, lighting another cigarette and taking a drink of his coffee.

"You will scream when you feel pain"  he said "You can begin"

GEN's were trained in the STORE to give pleasure in any way a male may want
it so she knew exactly what Steve wanted. Forgetting her discomfort she set
about doing the ONLY thing she was good for... pleasuring a male. She took
Steves flaccid cock in her mouth, slowly, lovingly. Steve felt a slight
hardening.

Steve lay his lighted cigarette along the slit of her cunt so that the
lighted end was about half an inch from her "joy Spot" and pushed it in
slightly so that it was held there by her pussy lips and waited for the
reaction. The cigarette burned on gradually heating the cunts cliortis. As
it burned down Steve could tell she was in more pain as her thrusting
movements on his cock got more ferocious and she kept trying to close her
legs. This of course was not possible. Steve was rock hard now and well on
his way to climax. The bitch began to cry out sometimes muffled as she went
down on him. He could see blisters forming on her pussy lips and he rammed
his cock home deep into her throat just as she reached maximum pain. This
set up some great vibrations from her throat and he grabbed her tits cruelly
twisting and squeezing them making sure to dig his nails into her flesh,
drawing blood. Even in extreme pain the GEN's major task in her mind was to
give him pleasure so she kept on thrusting on his hard cock. Steve thrust
deep in the cunts throat and held it there one hand behind her neck and the
other holding her nose cutting off her only source of air. She began
retching setting up more interesting vibrations in her throat for his
pleasure. This was the moment. He had the power to snuff another life. This
cunt was of no consequence to him, he had used her for a couple of weeks and
he could do with a change. He shot his load and stayed inside. The
vibrations got weaker and finally stopped.

"Come here" he commanded to the Toilet GEN "Clean me off and dump this cunt
down the chute"

"Immediately My Lord" She said

She knelt in front of him and gently licked the cum, blood and saliva from
his cock ...Hmm must've burst a blood vessel in the cunts neck he thought.

The bedroom GEN's lifeless form was hanging from the bar, mouth open and
fluids dripping on to the floor.

Steve felt refreshed. He didnt snuff one EVERY morning but he had felt like
it this morning. Breaking in a new one to his habits was a minor
inconvenience. Each GEN was trained to make notes so the new one would be
pretty familiar with him after a couple of hours.

NOW he felt like dropping a load. He had loosened his bowels with the
exercise. He went back to the bathroom where his TOI was held.

"I have a treat for you" He said to her wickedly
"It was a great lunch yesterday and you can have the leftovers"

he pulled a stainless steel seat from the wall shaped as a conventional
toilet seat except it had a funnel type arrangement below it. He turned the
unfortunate bitch over while still attached to the frame so she was on her
back and forced the funnel into her mouth. It was narrow but widened very
quickly to about a  2 1/2 inch diameter and was long enough to reach the
back of her throat once her head was firmly on the floor. The funnel was
made from a clear perspex and had small rotating knives at the top to break
the turds into smaller "bite size" chunks. He sat on the seat and watched
her face through a mirror on the other wall. He sometimes liked the "hands
on approach and simply sat on their faces without using the seat but he
didnt feel like getting in amongst the shit today. He started to drop his
load and watch her grimace as she was forced to eat.

He found his mind beginning to wander....

In the Cave they encouraged guests to experience their fantasies and did
their best to accommodate the more "Off-Beat" ones. It made interesting
video footage and earned lots of extra dollars from the guest. One such
event came to Steves mind while sitting on his TOI that happened a couple of
"events" ago. It involved four TOI's suspended and bound with their asses
only an inch or so from the ground. their knees were up near their tits and
arms bound behind their back. They were suspended in a small wading pool one
on each of the four sides. The guest had always had this fantasy about
bathing in shit and pee and his instructions were that this should all be
produced as he was watching so the whole thing was set up in his room. The
TOI's were fed a special mixture in their feeding tubes that caused them to
produce a HUGE amount of shit that of course the could only deposit into the
wading pool. Steve didnt think it was possible but the four cunts managed to
nearly fill the wading pool within two days and the guy got to experience
his fantasy. The stink had been unbelievable but the guy seemed to get off
on that. It made him chuckle when the guy started force feeding their own
shit to them and one by one he took the TOI's down and fucked them doggie
style within the pool forcing their heads under the muck until they
drowned.....Another satisfied customer

He finished and pressed the "flush button" which released a stream of
pleasant smelling chemicals and water mixing with the shit and making sure
she swallowed the lot. The toilet GEN was awaiting her master wher her
tongue became toilet paper and she knelt down behind him making sure he was
clean with her tongue.

Steve then showered and dressed to get ready for the day. The GEN would
clean the toilet cunt up and get rid of the dead bedrooom GEN. He was
thinking what had to be achieved for the day. He needed to stop by his
office to check for any communications and do a maintenance check on the
Cave. He also needed to finish up the "grading" of the cunts that came in
the other day as there would be another shipment coming in soon and besides
they would begin to expire through lack of food soon (They had now been
without food for six days). Nothing pissed him off more than these cunts
expiring without being used.

He finished up his maintenance work in the office and answered the various
emails and started towards the grading room. Frank was already there when he
arrived and had brought a new GEN for the grading room who was reading the
previous GEN's notes and learning her function.

"Whaddya reckon Steve?" Frank said passing Steve a clipboard  "I've split
them as we talked about yesterday according to their "capabilities""

Steve looked at the clipboard and walked along the wall of cunts
occasionally prodding and poking them as he went. They were all trembling
and a couple looked near to passing out. One intrigued him, she appeared to
be actually enjoying herself moving slowly up and down on the dildo she
occupied. As he walked to her she nervously smiled at him. Most of these
cunts averted their eyes, scared of what he could do, but not this one. A
blonde...about 5'6". Glancing at the clipboard he noted that they had her
down to be a TOI as she had a fantastic mouth.

"I think I'll have this one as my new GEN" he said "but all the rest are OK"

They busied themselves storing the 24 cunts in their new and very tempory
homes

On to Chapter 5 ASH

Please keep the comments coming ...ideas would be helpful...explain your
fantasies...mybe they are worth an "event"

sickasapuppy@hotmail.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Steve


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





