BDSM Library - Tom & Kathy




Tom & Kathy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: couple experiment with bondage and domination. Mf, Fm, bon, turnabout.
Disclaimer - - blah blah blah. . . .

This was written in bits and pieces, so it may lack some consistency, but if you
like it, drop me a line and say so.  Also feel free to offer plot ideas for
future stories.
double8008@yahoo.com


Tom and Kathy




Tom and Kathy

Tom and Kathy were going to spend a quiet evening at home. Even though Kathy
wanted to go out, Tom got his way as usual. They played poker as they worked
through a bottle of wine. The game began to heat up and as a big bet, Kathy said
that if she wins, they will go out to a fancy dinner club. If she lost, she
would blow Tom at the table. She lost. Not very reluctantly she pulled out his
still soft cock; she missed the days of wild sex they used to have. She
remembered what he liked. First, she took all of him in her mouth, savoring the
feeling of him growing. As he got larger and larger, she started gently sucking
on him, and running her tongue up and down his shaft. When she rolled her tongue
around his head, he couldn't stand it anymore. He came pretty quickly, and she
got back up to the table. Tom got up to leave, when she gripped his wrist and
said, "Not so fast, I get another chance to win that dinner." Tom reluctantly
agreed. They divided the chips again, and this time, if she lost, she would do
all the housework the next day naked. She lost again and sighed; if there was
anything she disliked more than doing housework, it was doing it naked. Tom
smirked and went to get another drink. When he returned, Kathy decided to raise
the stakes. The loser would be a slave to the winner for 24 hours. Tom fixed
Kathy a drink and was ready to play. He was smiling to himself thinking of
everything he could do with a personal slave. To his dismay, the cards fell in
her favor. Now it was Kathy's turn to smirk and she started thinking about when,
where, and how she would use her personal slave.

(fast forward to the following weekend)

It had been a rough week for Kathy. It started with naked housework and had gone
downhill from there. Even if Tom was not going to be her personal slave for the
day, Kathy would have still welcomed the opportunity to kick back and relax. The
weekend began with Tom dropping their son off at summer camp; it was hard to
conceal his excitement and nervousness. He rushed home to find Kathy waiting for
him wearing nothing but a flimsy silk robe and holding a list in her hand. It
was titled "Groundrules" and read as follows:

1.  You will speak only when spoken to or commanded to.
2.  You will remain naked unless otherwise directed.
3.  You will address me as Mistress.
4.  You will become erect at my command.
5.  You will do whatever I command.


As he read the list, Tom groaned...what did Kathy have in store for him? As he
tried to imagine, Kathy snapped, "Well, what are you waiting for, Slave? Strip!"
Tom hastily removed his clothes and tried to "think down" his growing erection.
Kathy smiled and said, "Well, looks like you're getting ready for your first
task! Make me come without touching my clit or putting that cock inside me."


Tom was caught off guard momentarily. He could always make Kathy come, but only
when he rubbed her clit or fucked her. He took a minute as he tried to think of
a way to please her without touching her clit. He was also a bit shocked that
his quiet demure wife could be so strict and powerful. He could see she very
little patience, so he grabbed her and spun her around. Wrapping his arms around
her from behind, he massaged her tits as he kissed and nibbled on her neck. He
knew this was her weakness. She seemed to melt in his arms. He continued for
several minutes as she let out soft moans. His confidence was shaken when she
snapped at him that she would never come from that.

This frustrated him a little. He pushed her back on the bed and tore her shirt
open. before she could catch her breath, he had her bra off and was nibbling on
her nipples. She let out an involuntary moan and began thrusting her hips. He
continued kissing her breasts as his hand moved down towards her pussy. He
pulling down her skirt and began stroking her pussy when she slapped his hand.
"I told you not to touch my clit!" she barked.

He got up from the bed and pulled her skirt all the way off, he spread her legs
and played with her pussy. She was dripping. The evening was full of surprises,
he couldn't take his eyes off her newly shaved crotch. She had never done that
before, even when he had begged. "Do you like it?" she asked. He could only nod
in approval. "I bet you want to ram your cock into my pussy, don't you" she
asked, "well, you have to earn it first. MAKE ME COME!"

He dived into her spread legs. Licking, sucking and sticking his tongue into her
pussy. He carefully avoided her clit. He could see it, swollen and begging to be
sucked. His cock was rock hard. He needed to get her off fast and maybe she
would let him come. He slid one finger into her, then two. She let out a moan of
approval. He rammed his fingers in and out as she played with her nipples. He
could feel her pussy clenching his fingers. She was close to cumming. He just
needed a little extra push to get her over the edge. He brought his head down
and sucked her clit into his mouth. She screamed in pleasure as her orgasm hit
her. Her hips bucked up and down as she grabbed his head and held his mouth
against her pussy. As she came down from her high and caught her breath, she
said, "You are in such trouble! How dare you disobey my direct order not to
touch my clit." His triumph suddenly became a defeat. He sat there in shame as
she dumped out a duffel bag onto the bed. He was surprised to see all kinds of
sex toys, lotions, ropes and cuffs. "I did a little shopping today." she
explained.

"But first, get dressed. We're going out to that dinner I never got." He quickly
showered and dug through the closet for some nice clothes. While showering, he
began to think, He could easily overpower her if he didn't like what was going
on, but somehow, he was compelled to obey. This was a side of her he had never
seen, and he was a bit curious to see where it would go. In 5 minutes he was
dressed and heading down stairs. Kathy was waiting. His eyes nearly popped out.
His conservative wife was wearing a very short leather miniskirt, and a red
sweater. But what really caught his eyes were her breasts. The sweater was very
low cut and her push up bra was showing a lot of cleavage. He couldn't believe
she was going to leave the house like that. She saw the surprised look on his
face, and knew from the bulge in his pants that he liked what he saw.

"You may think you're dressed, but I think we need to accessorize," Kathy said,
"Take off your pants." Tom complied as Kathy sorted through the pile of toys.
She handed Tom a leather cock ring. It had a thin, flexible brass label, which
read "Kathy's". Tom wondered if he was going to have to wear this all through
dinner, and Kathy, reading his mind, laughed and said, "Yes, Tom, you're going
to sit all through dinner with that delicious bulge on your pants. Now slip the
cock ring on, get dressed and lets go." As they drove to the restaurant, Kathy
tested Tom's concentration and driving skills. As he drove, he had to finger
her; he was only half-surprised by now to find her panty-less and wet. At her
command, he sucked her from his fingers and kissed her at every red light. By
the time they got to the restaurant, he was harder than he had ever been. The
matre-di smirked as he led them to a table in a dark, quiet part of the
restaurant. As they ordered, ate and drank, Kathy occasionally tested Tom's
erection by stroking him with her foot. She took her time, savoring her meal and
he husband's arousal. Tom couldn't wait to get out of there and see what else
Kathy had in store for him.

When they got home, Tom was tired, but Kathy's eyes were bright and shining.
"Now it's time to have some real fun!". "Remember all the fun we had before the
baby came? Well, while you thought I was quietly submitting, I was
learning...and turnabout is fair play! Now take off your clothes....but leave
that cock ring on." Tom quickly complied and they went upstairs to their
bedroom. Kathy had Tom lay spread-eagled on the bed, face up, and used the ropes
she had bought to secure his wrists and ankles to the bedposts. She propped his
head up on a couple of pillows so he could see her. "Now, Tom, I am going to
torture you. I am going to turn you on, use you, and maybe, just maybe, let you
cum. Remember the rules - no speaking unless I allow it." Kathy picked up the
remote, and soft, rhythmic music filled the room. She started dancing to the
music and slowly stripped her clothes. She shimmied, turned, and swayed. Tom
smiled through his lust - he couldn't even remember the last time she had
stripped for him, but she obviously had not forgotten one move. When she
finished, she straddled him on the bed and bent over so that he could just about
reach her nipples. "You know what to do, Tom." Tom knew, and sucked and gently
nibbled on her breasts. "I want to eat you so badly," he moaned. Kathy
immediately sat back and shot him an angry look. "No talking! You have no rights
here. For that, you will be denied the pleasure of seeing me when you make me
cum". She blind-folded Tom; the velvet turned his world completely black. Now he
had to rely on sound, scent, and heat.

She planted her feet on either side of his chest and slowly lowered her pussy
towards his waiting mouth.  He could feel her heat as she approached.  He could
just barely reach her with his tongue.  She held that position for a few
minutes, his tongue brushing against her spread pussy.  Finally, she couldn't
take it anymore and pressed her cunt against his hungry mouth.  She grabbed his
cock tightly in her hand as she ground her pussy against his mouth.  After
several minutes of this, she was ready to come.  He still had a few things to
learn, so she wasn't going to give him the satisfaction of being able to make
her come.  She jumped off him, and kneeled on the bed giving him a good view of
her pussy as she stroked herself to orgasm. 

"Was it good for you?" she asked mockingly "I'm going to take a little break,
why don't you go clean up the downstairs."    His cock was still super hard. 
She knew he would probably spank it as soon as he left her sight.  To prevent
this, she tied a rope around his cock and balls.  Then she had him put on a
tight pair of jeans.  His cock head was poking out from the top of his jeans. 
As soon as he was gone, Kathy put on a movie, and laid there gently stroking her
breasts.

Down stairs, Tom was having some difficulty walking with his cock positioned the
way it was.  He set about cleaning, and came across the deck of cards.  He
cursed his bad luck that got him into this.  As he was putting them away, he
noticed a lipstick smudge on one of the cards.  Kathy had a habit of holding the
cards up against her mouth. He wiped it off, but then found another mark.  As he
flipped through the deck, he saw that all of the face cards had a lipstick
smudge on the top.  Kathy CHEATED!!!  Now he was pissed.   Everything she put
him through, she had a lot coming.  Tom walked back to the bedroom with the
cards in his pocket. 

He was cheerfully greeted, "Did my little slave finish all of his chores?" 
"Yes" He responded, "Just one more thing I need to do." 

Before he even finished his sentence, he grabbed Kathy's arm and flipped her
onto her stomach.  She struggled and started yelling at him that she was still
in charge here.  He ignored her as he quickly tied her hands behind her back. 
She was squirming and kicking now, so he tied her ankles together, and got
another piece of rope to pull her ankles up towards her hands.  She was now
totally immobilized.  She demanded to know what was going on.   He responded by
pulling out the deck of cards.  He spread the cards on the bed in front of her
face. 

"I bet I can pick the face cards without even looking." He said, and proceeded
to turn over all the face cards with lipstick on them.   She moaned in defeat.

His cock was killing him now, and he needed some relief.  He pulled her off the
bed and onto the floor.  She was kneeling on the floor now, with her hands and
feet still tied together.   He sat on the edge of the bed and released his cock. 

Tom was incredibly turned on by the whole weekend so far. They had played around
with light bondage before, but this was their first time doing some pretty
intense stuff. 

Their son had left for summer camp a few days ago.  That mean they had two whole
weeks alone.  This would be the only time this year they would have that much
time.  If he wanted to explore this further, now was about the only chance he
had. 

Kathy was still squirming on the bed.  Even after being accused of cheating, she
remained defiant. He told her that as punishment, she would be his slave for the
next week.  Whenever she wasn't at work, she would obey his every command.  She
vigorously refused. There was no way she would submit to that without a fight. 

Digging through the sex toys scattered about the floor.  Tom found a small
riding crop.  "Where did you ever find all this stuff?" he asked.  "Lets see if
I can figure out how this works."  With a quick swing, he gave her a light smack
on the ass. He continued slapping her as and thighs with increasing force. 

She remained silent, not wanting to give him the satisfaction of winning. After
about 10 minutes, her ass was starting to turn a light shade of pink.  She still
remained defiant.  He needed to step it up a little bit.

Rolling her on her back, she was now in a bit of discomfort due to her hands and
feet being tied behind her.  He started lightly smacking her thighs and stomach. 
All she could do was watch as the crop landed leaving little pink marks. 

He gradually worked his way up towards her crotch.  Her knees were together, so
she knew he would never strike her pussy.  As his blows rained down around her
crotch, she could feel little bolts of electricity flashing through her pussy.
His swings were increasingly harder.  She wanted him to stop, she would give in
to his demands.  But she never thought it could be such a turn on.  Tom was
getting frustrated that she had not yet given in to his demands. 

He roughly spread her knees apart, exposing her dripping pussy.  She watched
helplessly as he raised his arm up to take a big swing.  She screamed for him to
stop, and that she would agree to anything he wanted.

He smiled in triumph. He leaned forward and gently kissed her throbbing clit.

He told her to go take a shower, and he would set out the rules for the next
week.

Kathy took a long time on the shower, she made herself cum twice as the hot
water pounded over her body.

When she returned, she found Tom sitting at his desk writing on a piece of
paper. 

Similar to her rules, he listed the following.

1. I will do whatever Tom orders.
2. When not performing a direct order, I will go online and search the Internet
for pictures of ways to tie me up.
3.  I will not orgasm unless ordered to.

There was a place for her to sign it at the bottom. 


*****
SUNDAY

Kathy's day began early, when Tom woke up in the middle of the night with a
throbbing erection. He whispered in Kathy's ear, "Good morning, Slave. Please
attend to this." He guided her head under the covers; she woke up with a jolt
when she took Tom's cock in her mouth. She started to turn around, but Tom
reminded her that the next 2 weeks were about his pleasure, not hers. Sighing
with regret and longing for Tom's mouth on her pussy, she settled in between his
legs and went to work. With long, slow strokes, she tongued his cock and balls.
Tom, however, had other ideas; he wanted to get off quickly and get back to
sleep. So, he put his hands on the back of Kathy's head and shoved his cock in
and out of her mouth, All she had to do was keep a steady, sucking pressure on
him, and he came in minutes. Only after she swallowed did he allow her back up.

To keep her from touching herself, Tom bound each of Kathy's hands to the
opposite elbow, palms down. Tom fell back to sleep, leaving an aroused and
miserable Kathy awake until almost dawn. Sunday was a blend of household chores
and sexual demands from Tom. Kathy performed most of her work nude, or wearing
one of the collars she had originally bought for Tom. The only time she was
allowed to get dressed was to perform a striptease for Tom. She wore gloves,
black pushup bra, garter belt and hose, and high heels. She swayed to the music,
removing each item of clothing with care and grace. Tom was naked; she saw his
cock grow and grow. Then Kathy took a bottle of oil and let it drip down her
shoulders and breasts. Still swaying to the music, she rubbed herself all over
with the oil until she was glistening and writhing like a snake. At Tom's
command, she pushed her large breasts together and stoked his cock with them.
When he orgasmed, his cum flew all over her face. Tom ordered her to wipe it up
with her fingers, and suck her fingers dry.

When she didn't answer quickly enough one time during the day, Tom put her over
his knee and spanked her until her ass was bright red. Kathy didn't mind,
though. She had begged Tom to let her have one orgasm and he agreed. As Tom was
smacking her ass, Kathy ground her pussy into his lap. She had been aroused all
day, so it took no time at all for her to soak Tom's jeans with her cum. Tom
smelled her juices and it drove him wild. He ordered her into the kitchen, bent
her over the sink, and drove his hungry cock in and out of her steaming slit
until he came. By the end of the day, they were both exhausted, but only Tom was
satisfied. They went to bed early; they both had to go to work Monday. As Tom
took Kathy one more time, he smiled. What a great start to the week!!


MONDAY

Kathy awoke to the alarm Monday morning.  She was no longer bound and could
smell the coffee brewing.  After hitting the snooze a few times, she groggily
headed for the shower. 10 minutes later she was dressed and heading downstairs. 
There she was surprised to see Tom cooking breakfast. He smiled as she entered
and said, "Have a seat my little slave."  She gave him a look to say, 'Are we
really going to continue this charade?' But took her seat without saying a word. 

After breakfast, Tom cleared the table as she got ready to leave.  He stopped
her at the door. 

"Before you leave this house, your outfit must meet my approval." 

She was wearing her standard business suit that she wore everyday to he job as a
legal aid.  Tom slid his hand under her skirt and felt her panties.  He slowly
pulled them down and threw them across the room.  She was about to protest, but
he seemed to be in an aggressive mood, and didn't want to lose any more clothes. 

She just stood there as Tom removed her jacket and blouse.  He smiled upon
revealing her black lace bra, and then removed that too.  Her nipples stood at
attention at the sudden chill. 

"That's MUCH better, now get dressed." He barked handing her her blouse and
jacket.

She gave him a cold stare, as she put on he blouse.  Her nipples could clearly
be seen standing at attention under the thin fabric.  This meant she would have
to keep he jacket on all day at work.  She could handle that, she thought.

As she walked she couldn't help noticing that her breasts seemed to bounce more
than normal.  She felt electric sensations as her erect nipples rubbed against
the satin blouse.

At work she settled into her job, and tried to forget about her lack of
underwear.  That became nearly impossible as every movement caused her sensitive
nipples to rub and send a tingle to her pussy. 

As lunch time approached, she decided to run out and buy a bra.  She could take
it off and leave it in her desk before she left for the day.  Just as she was
about to exit the building, she ran into Tom on his way in.   He grabbed her by
the arm and escorted her back to her office.  She sighed in defeat.

Tom helped her out of her jacket ordered her under the desk.  As he sat in her
chair, she knew what to do without him even telling her.  She unzipped his
pants, and pulled out his hardening cock. She was almost trembling with fear. 
If they were caught, she would certainly be fired.  She also couldn't help
noticing that her pussy was dripping.  As she bobbed her head up and down on his
shaft, her nipples continued to rub on her blouse.  It was a maddening
sensation.  Just as she was getting into it, she heard a coworker come into her
office.  She stopped dead.  Her heart was pounding.  She was too nervous to
breath.  Toms cock was still throbbing in her mouth.

It was her friend Janice.  Janice knew Tom and asked where Kathy was, and if she
would be joining her for lunch.  Tom calmly replied that Kathy had gone to the
restroom and that she would not be able to make lunch.

Janice left, and Kathy could breath again.  Tom had not yet come, but zipped up
his pants and helped Kathy out from the desk.   He told her to call her boss and
tell him that she would need a personal day tomorrow to take care of some things
around that house. 

As she called her boss on the phone, Tom was rubbing her clit.  Her breath was
becoming ragged and she barely managed to end the call before she let out a loud
moan.

Tom had taken the week off from work and spent the morning shopping.  She just
now noticed that he had a Victoria Secrets bag with him. He pulled out some
items and handed them to her.  It was a matching bra and panty set.  She put
them on right there in her office.  He smiled.  He liked that she was able to
anticipate his commands. 

The panties were the skimpiest she had ever seen.  To call them a thong would be
generous.  She noticed that the bra seemed bigger than normal too.  She had a
rather large chest and normally wore reducing bras so her D cups would not
appear as big.  This bra was the opposite though.  It was  DD with extra
padding.  Her breasts were pushed together and up, making them appear huge.  As
she buttoned her shirt, he stopped her half way up, and ripped off the top two
buttons.  She was again in a bit of shock, she couldn't go through the day
showing this much cleavage. 

As Tom got ready to leave, he dropped an envelope on her desk before walking out
the door.  She immediately opened it and read.

You are So hot and I can't wait to fuck your brains out tonight.  But first, I
have a few errands for you to run.   At the bottom of the page is the address of
an adult toy store.  You are to go there after work and buy the largest dildo
you can find.  They don't always have all the inventory on display, so you'll
need to ask the clerk to be sure. 

See you at dinner,

Love Tom.

She let out a sigh.  This game was going a bit far she though.  But even so, she
was hornier than she's ever been.  The day went quickly while she focused on her
work.  She was careful to stay in her office to avoid anyone seeing her outfit. 
As quitting time came, she grabbed the letter and her jacket.  Wait, the jacket
was missing.  Tom must have swiped it on his way out.  That bastard.

She felt a huge wave of relief once she made it to her car.  That quickly
disappeared as she looked at the address and realized that it was in a sleazy
part of town.  She knew Tom would never jeopardize her safety, so she proceeded
to the address.

As she entered the store, she felt every guy there staring at her breasts.  She
wanted to run away, but was determined to complete her task. As she walked down
the aisles, she had this weird feeling that she was being followed.  Probably
just paranoid.  She felt extremely uncomfortable as she passed a few men, who
openly stared at her cleavage. She could hear them talking in hushed tones, and
heard 'tits' several times.  This made her very nervous, her heart was racing. 

She found the dildos, and picked out the largest one she could find.  Taking it
to the counter, the clerk leered at her breasts.  She was almost too scared to
speak, but managed to quietly ask if that was the largest one they had.  The
clerk smiled and repeated her question quite loudly.  She turned bright red with
embarrassment as all the other customers looked in her direction.  The clerk
said that they had a few more on the floor behind the counter.  She stood on her
toes and leaned over the counter to look.  The clerk just stood there smiling
and looking down her shirt.  She saw the bare floor and realized she had been
tricked and used for his amusement.  As she was straightening up, she felt
someone behind her press against her ass. Pushing her forward against the
counter.  She screamed and spun around ready to swing.  There, standing behind
her was Tom, who said in a very calm tone, "Excuse me ma'am."   She immediately
threw her arms around him and started to cry into his shoulder. 

He paid for their purchase, and escorted her to her car.  He had arrived by
taxi, so he drove her car home.  

At home, he had a nice dinner prepared, and candles everywhere.  After dinner,
they make love in every room, and then fell into bed exhausted.


TUESDAY

Kathy awoke with a start Tuesday, thinking that someone had forgotten to turn on
the alarm. Then she remembered that Tom had commanded her to take a personal
day. She couldn't even begin to imagine what he had in store for her, but she
was sure of one thing; that the day would be filled with adventure, discovery,
and lust. Tom was still asleep, so Kathy took the opportunity to tiptoe
downstairs. Since they didn't have to rush, she made a full pot of his favorite
coffee and prepared omelets, bacon, and toast. Donning the apron from her
"French Maid" Halloween costume, she loaded their breakfast on a tray and
carried it back upstairs to the bedroom. Tom was half-awake; he sat up and
smiled when he saw Kathy's outfit and breakfast. "Gee thanks for making me
breakfast, Slave. You can set yours aside for now - you will feed me first."
Kathy fed Tom slowly and carefully; after she asked respectfully, she was
allowed to gulp down her breakfast. Tom showered as Kathy cleaned up, then she
was allowed to shower. Tom laid out her garments for the day; crotchless
panties, pushup bra, miniskirt, cropped T-shirt, and sandals. "You're a
beautiful woman with a spectacular body, Kathy. You don't show it off enough.
Today we're going to remedy that." Tom threw a few more things into a bag, they
got into the car and Tom drove them into the city. Rush hour was dwindling, but
the trip was still slow at times. Tom took advantage of the traffic; he would
reach under Kathy's skirt, fondle her until she was just about to come, then
leave her wet and breathless. Of course, he also commanded Kathy to go down on
him; he kept her on his cock until he came. She was careful to swallow and clean
him up afterwards. At one point, she heard a horn blow, and looked up to
discover a pair of truckers watching her with glee. They gave Tom the thumbs-up
and yelled, "How much do you charge for her?" Tom laughed as he switched lanes
and drove off. Their day followed the plot of one of Kathy's favorite movies,
Ferris Bueller's Day Off. At the Art Institute, they focused on the Picassos and
debated the relative merits of Impressionism and Cubism. They kissed
passionately in front of the Chagall window and had an old-fashioned groping
session in the courtyard just beyond. As they entered Everest, Tom had Kathy
precede him so that he could see all the men staring at his wife with lust. He
coached Kathy beforehand to reward every stare with a slight smile. At lunch,
Tom had Kathy take off her sandals and fondle him with her foot under the table.
He also ordered her asparagus and ordered her to eat it as she would eat him. He
did let her bite and chew, however. There was one difference between Tom and
Kathy's and Ferris' day. In stead of going to a Cubs game, they spent part of
the afternoon at a small hotel in Lincoln Park. Tom had brought an assortment of
toys, including the dildo Kathy had bought the day before. "Poor Kathy, you
haven't had an orgasm in at least 12 hours. Now here's your chance, and you're
going to do it all by yourself." Tom handed Kathy the dildo and massage oil, and
he reserved another bottle of massage oil for himself. Kathy was excited and a
little nervous; she had never pleasured herself in front of Tom, even though
they had dated and been married for years. They both stripped; Kathy took the
bed and Tom sat facing her on the couch. Kathy started by massaging her breasts;
her nipples grew large and pointed as she twisted and pulled at them. She bent
her head and lifted her breasts to suck on one nipple at a time; her other hand
snaked down her stomach to her pussy, which was soaking wet from the morning and
lunch. She lay down and bent her knees, giving Tom a clear view as she drove
herself out of her mind. Tom was fully erect and stroking himself with
increasing speed. After fingering her clit for a while, Kathy lubed up the dildo
and started playing with it. She trailed it in between her thighs, rubbed it on
her clit, and finally worked it into her pussy. It was a tight fit; she moaned
as she stretched to accommodate it. Years of working out and doing Kegel
exercises had kept Kathy almost as tight as a virgin,. The dildo, though, was a
challenge and it took several minutes of working it in and out for Kathy to
enjoy the sensation of being filled more than ever before. Finally Kathy found
her rhythm; she lost all self-consciousness as she used one hand to play with
her clit and the other to fuck herself harder and harder. Just as she was about
to peak, Tom couldn't take it anymore; he dove onto the bed, ripped the dildo
out of Kathy's pussy, and replaced it with his very hard cock. They came
together almost immediately; Tom lay panting on top of Kathy; then rolled over
and pulled her on top of him. "My God, is this what you do when I'm away on
business? Why didn't you every show me before? What a turn-on!" They slept for a
while; it was almost time for dinner when they awoke. Rather than plow through
rush-hour traffic, Tom decided to stay downtown for the evening. They ordered
room service for dinner; with Kathy once again feeding Tom. He had been turned
on when Kathy collected stares at lunch, so he decided to take it one step
further. He had packed fairly decent clothes for them; They showered and got
dressed for the night; Kathy wore her red leather mini, a tight black sweater,
and heels. He let her wear her push-up bra, but no panties. Her legs were tan,
so she didn't need to wear stockings. Tom didn't really like to go dancing, but
he knew that a dance club was the best venue for his plans. They took a cab to
Lakeview; the streets were crowded as people started going to the various clubs.
Along the way, Tom explained to Kathy, "We've been together a long time and I
know we've both been faithful. Let's see what life is like on the other side of
the fence. Here's your assignment for tonight. First we're going to a club. You
are charged with picking up one man within an hour and leaving the club with
him. I will rescue you, but I won't tell you at what point. You must pick up
someone you'd be interested in; I will punish you severely if the guy is a
loser. After I rescue you, I'll tell you the second part of your assignment."
Kathy went into the club and felt like all male eyes were on her. Within a few
minutes, she had a drink in her hand and was at the edge of the dance floor,
moving slightly to the beat of the music. She got lucky; she managed to make eye
contact with a tall, well-built, handsome man on the other side of the dance
floor. They met on the dance floor, and for the next half hour they danced,
talked, and laughed. Kathy turned on all of her considerable charm, smiling,
batting her eyelashes, and touching the man's arm as they talked. When a slow
song came on, Kathy and her new friend danced close; she let him cup her ass in
his hand and she pressed close to him, feeling his bulge grind into her mound.
She almost came right there on the dance floor. From time to time, Kathy glanced
in Tom's direction and smirked. Tom was beginning to regret his decision; it was
obvious that Kathy was enjoying the opportunity to dance and flirt without
guilt. However, he didn't step in and rescue Kathy, since he was beginning to
get aroused imagining what would happen if he let Kathy bring the man to their
hotel room. The thought of another man kneeling in front of Kathy, eating her
out, made him as hard as a rock. He sat at a barstool so he could stroke himself
without anyone noticing. He had to go into the bathroom and finish the job in a
stall. When he came back out to the bar, he saw Kathy leaving with the man! That
did it; the charade was over. He ran out and grabbed Kathy's arm. "Game's over,
sweetie. We're outta here." The man started to protest, but Kathy told him that
he had been a pawn in their little game. He stormed away; Tom flagged down the
first cab he saw and pushed Kathy in. Tom was angry and aroused; how dare Kathy
enjoy herself so much! He knew what he had to do, for both of them. Kathy was
still giggling when they arrived back at the hotel. Tom threw her on the bed as
soon as they got into the room. "You need to be punished, Kathy. Now you're
going to tell me what would have happened if I hadn't rescued you, Kathy, and
you're going to be whipped." He stripped off her clothes and tied her to the
bed. As Kathy described what might have taken place, Tom laid into her with the
riding crop. Kathy's voice faltered; her description trailed off as she twisted
and moaned through the whipping. When he judged that she had had enough, he
turned her over and shoved his hard cock into her mouth. He fucked her mouth for
a while, then slammed into her pussy with all of his strength. She matched him
stroke for stroke, wrapping her legs high around his waist. They came together
again, and went to sleep.


WEDNESDAY

Kathy awoke to the alarm ringing at 4:00 am.  She looked around the room and
didn't see Tom.  As she searched for her clothes, she found a note from Tom on
the night stand.   He explained that he left early to take care of some work. 
He had paid the hotel bill and left the car there for her to drive.  Looking
around the room, she realized that the only clothes she had were way to trampy
for work.  She would have to go home and change.

Throwing on whatever clothes she could find, she ran down to the parking garage. 
Her hair was a fright, but she didn't mind because the parking garage should be
deserted at this hour.  As she reached Tom's car, she didn't really noticed the
van parked next to it.  She dug in her purse for her keys and barely heard the
van door slid open.   As she started to turn around to see what made that noise,
she was grabbed and pulled into the van.  She started kicking and yelling but
within seconds she was hogtied, blindfolded and gagged.  She continued to
struggle against her bonds as the driver started the van and drove out of the
garage.  After a few minutes of squirming she realized it was impossible to free
herself.  Her mind raced.  How could this be happening to her.  She cursed
herself for not being more careful and for going into the garage alone at 5:00
in the morning.  She was terrified and began to think of her family and Tom. 
How would he ever find her and save her?

The it hit her. Tom, that bastard! He must have set this up.  But who was
driving the van?  Was it Tom? She never saw his face.  The build was similar,
but she remembered Tom being a bit shorter than this man.   What if it wasn't
Tom?  They drove for what seemed like hours.  The whole time her mind flip
flopped from terror, to anger, to an attempt at optimism, then back to terror. 
She thought to herself, this had better not be Tom because if it is, she was
going to kill him.

Eventually, the van stopped.  The mystery man picked her up and carried her a
few minutes before putting her down on an old sofa.  She could tell by the smell
and echoes that she must be in some type of warehouse.  As she laid face down on
the sofa, she realized how uncomfortable she was, the gag was stretching her
mouth, and the ropes were cutting into her skin.  The man quickly untied her
legs and retied them to the feet of the sofa.  He positioned her so that she was
bent over the arm of the sofa.  She squirmed and struggled but could barely move
an inch.

She froze as she felt something sharp touch her leg.  The man had a large knife
that he used to quickly cut away her skirt.  She was trembling, and started
sobbing a little.  If this was Tom, he was a really good actor.  Her new panties
were also cut of and left dangling on her legs.  The she heard the unmistakable
sound of her attackers pants dropping.  Seconds later she felt her pussy being
penetrated.  As the cock started ramming her she realized that this cock was
much bigger than Tom.  She screamed in her mind, THIS IS NOT TOM.

As she renewed her struggles she couldn't help noticing that her clit was bring
pressed against the rough sofa with every thrust.  That and combination of the
ropes was actually turning her on.  She fought the sensations with every fiber
in her being.  As the fuck continued, she realized that she was losing the
battle.  Eventually she conceded defeat and gave in to the most intense orgasm
yet.  He felt her cumming and  fucked harder and deeper.  Her orgasm seemed to
last forever when he suddenly pulled out.  Her head was still spinning as she
was carried back to the van.  Within a few minutes they were back at the parking
garage.  He placed her in the back seat of her car, still tied, gagged and
blindfolded.  Before he left her, he loosened up the rope holding her hands.  

With a little struggling, she managed to get a hand free. She ripped off the
blindfold just in time to see the van driving out of the garage.  Five minutes
later she was totally free and starting her car.  Looking at the clock she saw
that it was now  7:30 am.  She drove home as fast as she could, still naked from
the waist down.  Tom wasn't at home when she arrived, and she couldn't get him
on his cell phone.  She wasn't quite sure what else to do, so she took a long
shower and went to work.  She got in at about 9:00 and tried to sneak into her
office without running into her boss.  No such luck, she ran into her boss in
the hall.  She apologized for being late as she tried to think of an excuse. 

"No problem," her boss said, "Tom called in earlier and said you were tied up
this morning and would be a little late." 

Kathy let out a scream of frustration right there in the hallway.  She spent the
rest of the day plotting her revenge.

When she arrived home that night, Tom was there and was acting like nothing had
happened.

THURSDAY

Kathy had to be at work early Thursday morning, so she woke, showered, and
dressed in the dark. After a hasty breakfast, she grabbed her briefcase and
headed out to the car. Tom had put a dozen roses and a note on the car. The note
read, "I'd say I'm sorry about yesterday, but the only thing I regret is that it
was the dildo, not my cock inside of you. I know you have a lot of work to do
today, so I've packed your lunch. Your instructions for the day are in the plain
brown envelope. Have a good day, my sweet, hot little slave. Tom" Kathy was
touched by the flowers, but snorted at the mention of "instructions". She'd be
lucky if she even got to eat lunch, let alone follow Tom's "orders". Besides,
she was thinking of a few for him. The morning flew by; Kathy worked with her
team on the case.

One of the paralegals asked Kathy if she had managed to get to the tanning salon
on her day off; she looked healthy and glowing. Kathy blushed and declined to
answer. "I guess being a slave does have its benefits," she thought to herself.
The group took a break for lunch, and they each hurried off for a quick round of
errands. Kathy opened the bag Tom had packed for her. Inside was a salad, soup,
an envelope, and a small, gift-wrapped cylinder. Kathy opened the envelope and
was relieved that there was no one in the room with her; the envelope contained
a selection of erotic photos of her, Tom, and the two of them from the past 10
years that they had been together, including several shots from the past few
days.

Tom had also written her a note, detailing how nicely he would treat her after
her week of slavery was over. At the end of the note, Tom had written the
following instructions: You didn't think I would leave you alone all day, did
you? Unwrap the gift, and take it and this note into the ladies room. You will
spend the rest of your lunch hour pleasuring yourself, and I require you to cum
in your panties, which I will check when you get home. I'll call you later to
check. Tom The "gift" was a small vibrator. As Kathy read the note and unwrapped
the gift, she started getting aroused. She went downstairs to a floor that was
lightly occupied by the law firm and snuck into the ladies' room. She sat down
and took off her skirt, pantyhose, and panties. The vibrator hummed quietly as
Kathy used it to play with her clit and pussy. It was small enough to handle
easily, but large enough to fit inside and satisfy her. As Kathy read the note
again, she remembered all the ways Tom had pleased her in the past and present.
She moaned quietly, then more loudly as she approached orgasm. Then she heard
footsteps and froze; what if it was one of her co-workers? How could she explain
herself? The footsteps turned into a pair of shoes in front of her stall; Tom's
shoes.

"I thought I'd find you here. I really was going to leave you alone, but I
didn't want to miss out. Care to let me finish the job?" Kathy smiled and let
him in the stall. Tom knelt in front of her and began lapping up the juices
flowing from Kathy's pussy. He used one hand to spread her lips and used the
other to stroke his hard cock. With a muffled scream, Kathy came. Tom was
getting close too. Then, with swiftness learned in her years of studying martial
arts, Kathy grabbed Tom, spun him around and pulled both of his arms back. "You
are clever, but not clever enough today, Tom." Kathy bound Tom's arms behind his
back with her hose. "Yes I did enjoy myself yesterday, eventually, but only
after a lot of fear and pain. You've given me the perfect opportunity for
revenge. Thanks honey!" She used the excess hose to tie Tom to the toilet pipes.
She then stripped Tom's pants off, giggling as his erection bobbed uselessly in
the air. "Of course you knew I'd be here, because hardly anyone uses this floor.
Don't worry, I'll be back to pick you up at the end of the day...maybe!" She
threw his pants in the sink, taking care to run some water over the crotch. Then
she left, still laughing. Tom knew that the harder he pulled on the hose, the
tighter they would knot, but he tried anyway. He didn't know what would be
worse, to yell for help and risk total humiliation, or to wait, cold and hard,
for Kathy to end what would be a very long day. He passed the hours remembering
the events that led up to this day, and grinned. All in all, he was getting the
better part of the deal; and he had 2 more days to push himself and Kathy
further than they had ever gone before.

FRIDAY

Kathy woke up extra early; today was the start of one of her biggest cases. She
had been at the office quite late the night before, preparing juror questions
and her opening argument. In fact, she almost forgot that she had left Tom tied
up in the ladies room; when she ran downstairs to release him, he had already
freed himself and left. By the time she got home from work, he was asleep. She
shook her head and smiled as she poured herself a bowl of cereal and a cup of
coffee. It had been quite a week, filled with passion and new discoveries. She
would be happy to see their son again tomorrow, but regretful that her and Tom's
free time was ending. She made a resolution to never forget what they had shared
and make the time to share these fantasies on a regular basis. As Kathy was
cleaning up, she noticed a package sitting on the counter, with a note addressed
to her. The note read: Kathy my dear: Even though today is the end of our week
and you are in court today, I am still your Master for 24 more hours. I'll go
easy on you today, despite the way you tricked and humiliated me yesterday. The
package contains a pair of very special panties. I order you to put them and
turn them on now and leave them on throughout your day in court. They'll remind
you of me....and what's waiting for you when you get home. Love, Tom Kathy
opened the package and discovered a pair of "Tickler" panties; they had a flat
panel, dotted with small nubs, in the front. A wire ran from the panel to a
small remote control, labeled "cycle" and "off". Kathy turned the remote to
"cycle"; the panel buzzed quietly. Even as she held it in her hand, Kathy could
feel her pussy begin to tingle. "That rat-bastard, this is the only way he could
think of to torture me today!" She changed into the panties and left for work.
As she drove, the panties buzzed pleasantly against her clit. She tried to
adjust them, but they fit so tight she couldn't move the vibrating patch away.
The only way she could concentrate on her driving was to turn on a talk radio
station. In court, Kathy was one of 3 attorneys on the case. Today, her role was
to alternate questioning jurors with one of the other attorneys, while the third
took notes. By the middle of the morning, Kathy was sopping wet, as the vibrator
cycled through 4 different settings. It took her to the brink, but not over the
top. When she rose to question the next juror, the change in position hit her
clit in such as way as she almost had an orgasm. It was very difficult to keep
her composure, but Kathy took a deep breath and calmly questioned the next 3
potential jurors. When she turned to resume her seat, she saw Tom, sitting at
the back of the room, smirking at her. She shot him a veiled, angry look...and
then winked! Tom's eyes widened, then he stifled a laugh. One of the things he
loved about Kathy was her sense of humor, even if she was the butt of the joke.
At the lunch break, all that Kathy wanted to do was rush to the ladies room,
pull off her panties, and finger herself into an orgasm. However, the rest of
her team wanted to meet over sandwiches to discuss strategy. As they met, a
paralegal handed her a package. "Your husband stopped by and asked me to give
this to you." The package contained a note with a detailed description of how
Tom would replace the vibrator with his tongue, then his cock, later that
evening. It also contained a pair of nipple clips and orders to put them on
immediately. As Kathy read the note, she lost all composure and, making a flimsy
excuse, rushed to the ladies room. By this time, she was so hot it took only a
minute for her to give herself the orgasm that had been building for the past 5
hours. The nipple clips were another story; Kathy adjusted the tension and the
amount of flesh she gathered so that they stung, but didn't really hurt too
much. Her bulky jacket covered the evidence of her slave activities. Red faced
but calm, she rejoined the meeting, nipples contracting under the clips.

The rest of the day preceded smoothly; court was adjourned at a reasonable hour
and Kathy rushed home after a short strategy session with the team. Tom was
waiting for her; seeing her in action always made him hot for her and he
practically ripped her clothes off the minute she walked in the door. "I almost
had to go to the men's room and jerk myself off this morning, Kathy. Do you have
any idea how hot and sexy you are when you're doing your lawyer routine?" As she
let herself be stripped, she gasped, "And do you know how much I would have
wanted to follow you in, kneel, and put your cock in my mouth? Let me show you."
With that, Kathy knelt, pulling down Tom's shorts on her way. His cock sprang
up, huge and hard and eager for her mouth. She engulfed his cock, sucking it
down to the root. Tom moaned and guided them to a chair. He sat, and while Kathy
teased his cock, he found her nipples and slowly released them from the clamps.
She groaned in pain; he massaged her tender nipples until they were hard as
little stones. He pulled her off him when he was getting close to coming; he
wanted to explode inside of her, but not quite yet. Tom reached down to Kathy's
panties; he found that the vibrator was off and that the panties were very very
wet. He grabbed her wrist and growled, "I thought I ordered you to leave the
vibrator on all day? In case you've forgotten, you are my slave until the end of
the day. Now get moving; we're going to the basement!" Confused, Kathy let
herself be pushed into the basement. Had she forgotten to turn the vibrator back
on during lunch? When they got downstairs, Tom led her from the finished
playroom into the utility/storage area, which had a lock on it high up so their
son couldn't let himself in. Kathy's mouth gaped open; Tom had been doing rehab
work during his week off. A large hook and chain hung from the ceiling, and
there were more hooks and bolts along the wall. She also saw that he had
installed perf board and hung various instruments on hooks. She recognized the
riding crop, a wooden paddle, several sets of leather cuffs, some lengths of
rope, leather/fur blindfolds, gags, and a spreader bar. There was also a bench
that looked like a horse off to the side on a platform; it was padded with suede
and had hooks on it as well. Tom pinned Kathy's wrists together and bound them
with a length of rope. He then bent her over the horse and tied her wrists to
it. He gently kicked her legs apart and tied each on to the horse.

She looked open and vulnerable with her ass raised high in the air and her wet,
glistening pussy exposed from the back. Tom's cock was still hard and a little
wet from being in Kathy's mouth; he stroked it as he walked over to the perf
board and chose the wooden paddle. He smacked it against his hand a few times;
Kathy flinched and tried to brace herself. Smack! "That's for tying me up
yesterday!" Smack! "That's for leaving me until I had to untie myself!" Smack!
"That's for soaking the crotch of my pants, so I looked like a fool leaving your
building!" Smack! "That's for not giving me a blowjob in the middle of the night
when you woke up to pee!" Smack! "That's for turning off your vibrator this
afternoon!" And with a final Smack, Tom said "And that's for giving me one of
the best weeks of my life!" Each time Tom smacked her, Kathy winced and ground
her clit into the soft suede of the horse. By the time Tom stopped the beating,
it was stained with her juices, and Kathy was red-faced and shaking. Tom looked
down at her, saw the juices trickling down her thighs, and realized once again
that she was just as turned on as he was. He stepped up close behind her, and
confirmed that the platform and horse were high enough so that he could take
Kathy standing up. He drove into her with all his strength; she cried out in
shock, adjusted, and started moving with him. He traced his hands over her sore
ass as he fucked her hard. "Tell me who's your master?", Tom insisted. "You
are!" Kathy gasped. "Tell me who's the best lover you ever had", Tom goaded.
"You are, Tom.", Kathy eked out. He felt her pussy begin to grip him and said,
"Tell me who's going to come like she's never come before" "I AM!!!!" Kathy
screamed and began to shake. That did it for Tom; he came and came and came and
slumped against her when he finished. The next day, they both went to pick up
their son at camp. He looked happy, tanned, and ran up to them holding the
birdhouse he had made. "I had so much fun, Mom and Dad! I bet you were really
bored without me around!" Tom and Kathy looked at each other, smiled, and lied,
"Of course, honey. Mom and Dad had a really boring week without you!"





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dmatt


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





