BDSM Library - Dom Sam




Dom Sam
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The secret sex advanture of the couple was found out. The mistresses decided to take over the task of training the husband. Both of the couple thought this could be a fun experience.
If you are not 21 years of age, you should read no further:

I have posted stories about my sissy husband, Paul, named Friday and Saturday
Evening.  I just wanted to share my husband's initial story which I have
cleaned up grammatically that initiated our dom/sub relationship.  I had no
idea Paul was this submissive until I found this story on our computer and we
have never looked back. 

I am a dominant wife, petite in size and love thick black cocks.  I force my
husband  to guzzle sperm from my stretched pussy.  I also give him snoballs of
cum after giving head to thick black cocks.  We have done some role play with
cops etc, but are looking for some more excitement.  I would love for people to
write my husband NCNC105895@aol.com and humiliate him  - he is a wimp cock
sucker and sperm guzzler.  He is 5'11", but sports a measly 5 inch cock.  He
cums in just minutes and oftentimes cums as he is watching me get fucked by
others.  He loves wearing panties, being spanked, dominated and being
humiliated and I love dominating him in this fashion.  He has been forced to
suck directly from the spout as
well.  Please provide suggestions as to acts we could partake in and/or free
sites we could visit to further humiliate him, .  We are in the Chicago area
and would love to hear any news and/or places to engage in dominance, bondage,
cuckoldry, creampie, feminization, etc in this particular area.

I have posted a few messages and stories to this group and have gotten some
great responses and info. on submissive husbands.  I am 5'6" blond, 112lbs and
very attractive. I am married to a successful good-looking businessman with a
great physique whom is very submissive.  I love cock and more importantly, I
love black cock.  I am forcing my husband to love black cock as well.  My
husbands e-mail address is NCNC105895@aol.com and I have been successful at
having group readers send him degrading and humiliating e-mails about
stretching my pussy with their large cocks.  Please keep sending him e-mail.  I
wanted to provide additional information about myself so that the creative
writers could further humiliate him.  Additionally, I wanted to share the
events of what took place on Friday evening, March 3, 2000.  

First my info.  I have a slim physique and a heart tattoo on my upper pubic
region.  I have C cups and medium size nipples.  I am tan all over and my pubic
region is closely shaved and on occasion completely shaved.  I love having my
nipples played with and I love sucking on large cocks.  Even when I allow my
husband to fuck me I usually have a butt plug filling my ass and a large black
phallus in my mouth.  I love having my asshole licked, maybe that is my
dominant nature.  I have a very athletic toned body, but am petite at 5'6" and
112 lbs.  I have done some modeling, but now work in an office environment as
well.  I am 25 years old and my husband is 28 and has moved quickly in business
because of his mind and his Father's help and connections.


DOM SAM
 by SAMMSLB

Here is my husband's fictional story which led to our erotic lifestyle.  I
wonder how our relationship would have transpired had I not found this
particular story: probably the same.

FICTION - Inter, MM, FFF/M, etc.  If you are not 21 years of age you should not
be reading this story.




Dom Sam

Part 1

It was Friday night and I pulled in to the driveway and noticed a large box
resting on the front porch.  My wife had left for the weekend, so my first
thought was when had the package been delivered.  I pulled into the garage,
entered the house and then proceeded to the front door.  I opened the door and
was staggered by the size of the box, it had not appeared as large when I
initially pulled into the drive.  I picked up the box, surprised by the light
weight,  and walked into the entry room.  I began tearing open the box as if it
was my first Christmas.  When I finally opened the first flap, I was stunned at
what laid before me.  There was a picture of my wife and I playing our version
of dominatrix.  As I flipped through the photos, I began to feel ill.  The
first photo displayed me handcuffed on my knees and my wife was forcing me to
lick her thigh high leather boots.  The next photo presented my wife forcing me
to suck and lick at the black strap on phallus she was wearing.  There were
other photos revealing my wife spanking my ass, my wife dressing me in her
skimpy panties, my wife forcing me to tongue her ass and finally my wife
teasing my anus with her newly acquired strap-on rubber cock.  My wife and I
experimented with sex, and this was as kinky as it ever became.  My wife
enjoyed teasing me with her toy, as she knew how frightened I actually was of
her phallus.  My mind quickly rebounded and I began feeling horrified at the
thought of someone spying on my wife and I.  Moments passed and then I found
myself again exploring the gift box we had received.  I shuffled through the
box to find a letter addressed to me personally.  

If you do not comply with the following rules Paul, then each of these
photographs will be sent to your friends, your neighbors and your place of
employment, this is not a joke.  

You will dress in the enclosed attire and be present at the adult world
bookstore next Saturday (March 2) afternoon at 2:00.  You will call your work
and let them know that an emergency has arisen and that you will need to take
off two weeks of work.  You will communicate with your wife this week and let
her know the situation that has evolved.  You will convey to her that you are
going to be used as a slave for a two week period and that when you come home
you will be a trained slave to do whatever she desires.  Also, advise her that
she will partake in the training on the last four days.  As such, she will be
required to notify her employer that she will be absent Thursday March 14 and
Friday March 15 of the following week.  You personally will be calling her with
more details.  

I was horrified at the photos I had just seen and reading the letter made the
situation much worse.  I quickly glanced at what the attire would consist of
and was mortified at the enclosed clothing.  The contents were a pair of
leather high heel boots, fishnet thigh high stockings, leather thong zip
panties, a tiny black mini skirt, a leather halter top and a blond wig
accompanied with a mix of makeup.  My thoughts began racing, I was a corporate
executive, who could now lose everything because of a peeping tom, I was
mortified.  I reviewed all different alternatives, but the puzzle continued to
end with the same conclusion, I had no choice, but to comply with the demands
revealed to me.  

My wife would be back Sunday and we would talk then.  

 That weekend was the longest of my life, the only thought racing through my
head was how I could get myself out of this bind.  I heard the garage open and
I felt some comfort knowing that my wife might help erase this particular
nightmare.  I approached her as she entered the house and told her we needed to
talk.  She immediately asked what was wrong.  

I explained to her the situation and showed her the contents of the box.  She
was horrified, but concluded that some friends just happened to catch us in the
act and decided to play a joke.  I was relieved, although still embarrassed at
the thought of friends catching us in such a manner.  I went to work the next
day hoping that this nightmare would come to a close.  Day after day passed and
there were no calls or signs.  It was Friday, I headed off to work and by noon
was confronted with the fact that I must explain to my employer that an
emergency had taken place in the family and that I would be absent for the next
few weeks.  I had my wife stage the call at about 1:00 and I left minutes
after.  I arrived home and my wife was waiting at the door.  

 We began to discuss the options and came to the conclusion that I had no
choice but to obey these appalling demands.  I told her that under no
circumstances would I let her get involved with this horrifying situation, I
would be able to work out a deal.  Suddenly, the phone rang, I picked up the
phone and was confronted with an unusual feminine voice.  I was told to put the
phone on speaker so that my wife and I could listen, I quickly complied.  Paul
and Samantha, this is mistress Gina, I enjoyed the photographs of you
disciplining your husband Samantha, but there is much more that he must learn
about the art of obedience.  I guarantee you that your husband will be safe and
in no danger if you both comply with my demands.  Samantha, you must contact no
one while your husband is away; adhering to these rules will solidify the
safety of your husband.  On Wednesday March 13, he will contact you and give
you specific directions of where you can meet us.  Remember, if either of you
disobey me, the photographs will be delivered immediately and your fate will be
doomed, I cannot imagine a very successful businessman with a reputation that I
can create.  Is that understood, yes we both spoke into the phone.  Yes Master!
Gina spoke sternly.  Yes master we both awkwardly replied.  Gina again began to
speak, Paul, since you were so excited to get home and get started, I have
upped the meeting time to 7:00 this evening.  Have your wife help you get ready
and don't be a minute late.  Your wife may drop you off, but she must
immediately leave, is that understood?  We both surprisingly answered, yes
master.  With that the phone was disconnected.  It was now nearing 3:00, and
thus I began my transformation process.  I showered, shaved and began toweling
off when I felt a strong sensation in my cock.  It began to rise and my wife
smirked at me.  I was becoming aroused at the thought of getting dressed up
like a woman, yet I was terrified at what was in store for me these upcoming
couple of weeks.  My wife began sliding the fishnet stockings up my legs and my
cock continued its erection process.  I was rock hard by the time the second
stocking was snugly in place.  My wife then she handed me meager leather thong.
 I placed my legs in each hole and slid the thong up my legs, I pulled it up
around my waist and felt the leather back slide between my ass cheeks.  This
was a very tight fit and my fully erect cock was forced out beyond the leather
panties.  My leather boots were next and as I looked in the mirror, I was
mesmerized at what was happening.  My wife wore only panties and I could she
that she was beginning to soak through them.  I lowered my hand to her crotch
and rubbed her pussy lips through her wet panties, she shivered and pulled
away.  I cannot believe this is happening to us and I am getting turned on, she
said.  I gave her a comforting smile and we continued to work.  The leather
halter top was difficult to stretch on, but we finally managed.  I grabbed the
skirt and also struggled to get it on.  I glanced in the mirror and there I
stood, a newly transformed woman.  I glanced at the clock and it was nearly
6:00.  My wife quickly began to apply the makeup and positioned the blond wig
in place.  We jumped in the car and headed for the adult world bookstore. 
Neither of us had been to the store, but we had driven by it many times.

 It was 5 before 7 when we arrived.  I nervously gave my wife a kiss and exited
the car.  As I walked towards the establishment, my wife quickly drove away as
ordered.  I was sweating profusely as I entered the establishment.  I glanced
around noticing an ample amount of porn films and adult toys, some of which
uncomfortably looked familiar from our photos.  The man at the counter asked if
I was Gina's friend.  I quietly responded yes, and he motioned me to the back. 
I entered the back and was greeted by a group comprised of two stout black men
and three attractive women.  Hello, slave boy muttered one of the woman.  My
name is Gina and I will be your master along with anyone else I choose to act
in that fashion.  You will obey every command with no exception is that clear
slave boy?  I answered yes and was struck across the face by another one of the
women.  Yes master I replied, knowing the reason for the blow.  Turn around and
bend over so I can see your nice tight little ass.  I hesitated and was again
struck in the face by the same women.  I quickly turned around and bent over. 
My skirt was very short and I could immediately feel my exposed ass as I bent
forward.  Further slave, Gina ordered, as she shoved my head further towards
the ground.  My ass was fully exposed and I was feeling very humiliated.  I
could feel myself becoming erect and I became terrified of what my new masters
would think.  I was both confused and horrified and tried everything to subside
my erection, but still it continued to grow.  Gina ran her fingers across the
slit of my ass and forced the thong deeper between my cheeks.  I clinched my
ass and instantly, she struck my ass viscously with her palm.  She then took
notice of the erection forming in my leather panties.  She began laughing, and
commented, look at how our slave boy/girl enjoys this degradation.  She likes
being treated like the slut that she truly is.  She tore away my panties so
that everyone could view my cock, balls and ass.  She lifted the skirt high
enough so that she could force my legs apart.  They were quickly sprawled apart
and she began fondling my nuts.  Look at how tight his balls already have
become, our slave here is already eager to cum.  Are you a cheap slut Paul?  I
don't know, I answered, fully aware that I was being treated as one, but too
embarrassed to admit it.  She quickly struck my ass as hard as she could and
instantly, I could feel a welt developing.  You are enjoying this humiliation
so much you are about to shoot your load here on the floor, is that not correct
slave boy?  In fear of being struck again and fully knowing that she was
accurate, I quickly responded, yes mistress.  She pulled down on my cock and
squeezed out a few droplets of precum onto her finger.  She positioned the
finger inches from my mouth and told me to suck and lick my precum from her
fingers.  I hesitated and was struck across the cheek with her other hand.  I
opened my mouth and she immediately shoved her finger deep into my throat
causing me to gag.  Still she kept her finger deep in my throat and ordered me
to suck her finger like a cock.  I was horrified at this comment, but began
licking and sucking on her finger.  After a minute she removed her finger and
ordered me to beg her for more of my cum.  I had quickly learned that I had
little choice, but to obey my master's command. Therefore, I began pleading for
more of my cum, please mistress, please mistress may I taste more of my sticky
fluid from your finger.  I was humiliated at the thought of begging for the
consumption of my own cum in front of two well built black men and three very
attractive women.  She began violently stroking my cock, until I felt my cock
releasing its cum seed.  Immediately she stopped and I bucked my hips hoping
that she would finish me off.  I bucked and bucked, but all I received were
laughs from the unknown spectators.  Hours ago I was giving orders as an
executive of a high profile company and now I was begging to be humiliated and
degraded in front of strangers.  Gina roughly swept her finger across the hole
of my cock and forced her finger into my mouth while I obediently began licking
and sucking at her finger.  I could taste the salty and sticky composition of
my precum and I knew at this very moment that I was going to have a long two
weeks in front of me.  Good slave boy, Gina commented, you must be a good
little cock sucker; I guess we will find out soon enough.  I cringed as she
popped her finger from my mouth, what did she mean by that comment I thought. 
Does that measly little cock please your wife, Gina asked.  Everyone began to
laugh and I felt as low as I've ever felt.  I answered yes Master, I believe
so.  After she spends some time with us, she will realize what an incompetent
lover you are and she will use you only as a slave and a pussy licker, is that
clear.  Yes master, I answered.  My cock was beginning to soften at the thought
of my wife with another man, especially one more satisfying than me.  I was
always proud of my five inch cock, although I knew it was not massive in size,
it seemed to please all the women I had been with.  I convinced myself it was
fine and began to feel confident again.  Gina struck my ass violently with her
hand and ordered me to the floor on all fours.  She attached a leash around my
neck and proceeded behind me and roughly yanked at the leash, forcing my head
upwards.  Simon show this meager slave what a real satisfying cock looks like. 
One of the black men immediately undressed himself down to thong bikini briefs
and proceeded in front of me.  I tried to look down, but Gina yanked at the
leash and ordered me to view Simon's massive member.  Simon moved within inches
of my face, reached into his g-string and pulled out a limp 9 inch black cock. 
I was amazed; his deep black member doubled mine in both length and width and
it was not even erect.  Let our new slave boy feel what a 9 inch cock feels
like.  I was horrified at what was happening and what was about to happen. 
Simon gripped his cock and began dick slapping me in the face.  I was struck
with his man flesh first on the left cheek and then the right.  Over and over,
his massive cock slammed against my face.  This went on for a couple of minutes
while everyone laughed; I was being demeaned and humiliated and there was
nothing I could do.  Gina ordered Simon to stop and he did so quickly.  He
slipped his massive prick back into his panties and I felt a bit of relief come
over me.  Gina yanked me to my feet and quickly wrapped a blindfold around my
eyes.  She tied it tight and then forced me back to my knees.  I was then
walked like a dog out of the establishment and into an automobile.  I felt a
needle prick my arm and immediately I was out cold.

     When I awoke, all of my movement was restricted.  I was laying on my back
on what seemed to be a fairly comfortable surface and my arms, legs, waist and
neck were strapped down to the surface.  I had no idea what time it was and
there were no windows in the room to give me any clues.  The room was half lit
by candlelight and when my eyes finally focused, I managed to see a camera
directly above me.  Almost instantly, I heard a door lock and a beautiful blond
whom I had not seen before entered the room.  It is time for you to rise slave.
 We must clean you up for your initial showing this evening.  Can you tell me
what time and day it is, I asked.  I was struck across the face.  You will
address me as master answered the women.  It is late Friday night, and your
viewing is in a couple of hours.  Two other women entered the room and a ball
gag was placed in my mouth to keep me silenced.  They unstraped me, ordered me
on my knees and walked me by my leash down the hall to another room.  The three
women wore only thong bikinis and high heeled boots.  There breasts were bare
and again I could feel my cock becoming aroused.  Never in my life had I
imagined that I would be clothed in a slutty outfit being ordered around by
gorgeous women.  I felt humiliated and degraded and wished I had met these
women under different circumstances.  One woman yanked me to my feet and the
others began undressing me.  Within a minute or so I stood there completely
naked and semi-erect.  One woman commented, they were accurate both about his
inadequacy and his enjoyment of humiliation.  I gurgled into the gag, I wanted
to slap these bitches for treating me like this, I was an executive, fully
respected by the company and the community and these cunts had no right
treating me like this.  I freed my hands from one woman's grip and began to
undue my gag when I was instantly slammed to the ground and my hands were
quickly cuffed behind me.  The leash was yanked so that I could not breath and
one woman slammed her spiked heel into my back.  You are a slave boy who has no
say or power, you will do anything and everything we ask whether you like it or
not.  We will not hesitate to use both physical and mental force on you. 
Remember those pictures can be delivered at any time and even if you choose
that avenue, we will still maintain you as a slave for a full two weeks, so you
might as well be a good slave boy and obey our commands as directed.  I
muttered past the gag, yes master.  I was stunned at how fast they had me on
the floor and cuffed;  I was athletically built, but these women had manhandled
me very quickly.  I was yanked from the floor and into a large oversized
shower.  The women began bathing me and by now my cock was standing at
attention.  They lathered up my entire body and I was rather enjoying this
spoiling I was receiving.  They ordered me to bend over and I felt a soapy
finger enter my asshole.  I felt embarrassed and humiliated, but there was
nothing I could do.  The woman commented, we must have a virgin here and the
other women laughed.  I tried to comment no master, but the what came out
beyond the gag was nothing retrievable.  I felt the woman again enter my ass
with another finger.  I could feel my ass stretch to fit both of her fingers
into my butthole.  I moaned as the pain overcame me.  The women laughed and one
again commented, this virgin ass will soon be stretched beyond your imagination
slave boy.  I cringed and tightened my asscheeks against the woman's fingers. 
She twisted them causing me more pain and aggravation.  She finally withdrew
them and began soaping my balls and cock.  My cock was fully erect and due to
the sexual abuse I was taking, I could probably cum without even being touched.
 I tried to focus on other things as the woman manipulated my balls and then
began stroking my cock with her soapy fingers.  The women must have known how
close I was because the one immediately stopped cleaning my cock and another
gripped a wire brush and began violently cleaning my cockhead.  I cringed in
pain as the brush crept back and forth across my manhood.  Before my cock
became to tender the cleaning stopped and I was yanked from the shower and
toweled.  They styled my hair and then clothed me in a matching silk bra and
panties.  I was unsure why they dressed me like a woman, but styled my hair in
a manly fashion.  They clothed me in a summer dress and attached red high heel
shoes to my feet.  The leash was reattached around my neck and I was again
blindfolded.  I was led down what seemed to be a long corridor and into another
room where I could here an abundance of whispering and chattering.  I wondered
how many people were present for my showing.  I could not tell if the people
were watching or could see me until the blindfold was lifted.  I was behind a
large curtain and one woman slightly opened the curtain so that I could peek
out.  I was horrified to see hundreds of women in the crowd.  My hands were
handcuffed behind my back and one master said to me.  If you pose seductively
and erotically the night will be short and end rather quickly.  You have two
minutes to entertain the crowd and if they are satisfied then we will call it a
night and allow you to return to bed for the night.  Began your posing. 
Instantly, the curtain was lifted and there I was standing alone wondering what
to do next.  No guidelines had been given to me on what to do, thus I treated
this display similar to the fashion shows I had seen on television.  I began
bashfully parading around the stage striking different poses.  The crowd was
somewhat belligerent yelling and screaming for me to give them more.  I felt as
though I were a dancer at a strip joint.  I blocked out the noise and continued
to professionally model as best I could.  It was quite difficult with handcuffs
keeping my arms tucked behind me coupled with the fact that I had never worn
women's clothes and shoes and I had not become accustomed to this very quickly.
 A countdown of ten began, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2 and finally 1.  I stopped
parading myself around and came to a stand still.  How did he do women, one of
my masters asked the crowd.  There was a roar of boo's and I knew that my night
had just started.  I was being humiliated in front of hundreds of women and I
had no idea what to do.  Shall we give him another chance and then if he fails
he will be subjected to severe punishment.  The crowd responded with loud cries
of agreement.  Two women approached me and roughly began tearing at my dress. 
The crowd cheered as the dress was torn from my body.  I was in shock at what
was taking place and still I tried to maintain a clear head.  The women
uncuffed my hands and told me that I had two minutes to perform or I would be
subjected to severe punishment.  Although I did not know what severe meant I
knew that punishment would not be enjoyable taking into account what had
already happened at the adult bookstore.  As such, I knew that I must get a
little wild within these next two minutes.  The bell sounded and I began to
dance and groove for these women.  I began shaking my hips and I heard a couple
of cheers.  Thus, I continued to grind my hips shaking my package covered
slightly by my red silk panties.  I felt my cock growing and therefore, I
turned around and began shaking my ass.  The crowd cheered as my naked buttocks
danced for them.  I bent over and spread my asscheeks letting the crowd see my
ass covered only by a silk red string.  The crowd was getting into this and
although I felt very uncomfortable, I tried to imagine that I was dancing for a
bachelorette party.  I ripped away the silk bra letting the crowd get a view of
my athletic build and I continued to grind my hips.  By now my erect cock had
escaped the full coverage of my panties, but I continued to buck and shake for
these belligerent women.  I pulled the panties to one side and let them get a
clear view of my erect cock; I vibrated my cock for them until the final bell
sounded.  The women were cheering and laughing and I knew that my
aggressiveness had paid off.  One woman approached me and asked the crowd if I
had satisfied their needs.  The crowd quickly turned on me and shouted
disapproval.  My master on stage shouted, should we humiliate him more since he
seems to enjoy this degradation.  The crowd shouted yes and three other women
quickly approached me.  My hands were reattached behind my back and a blindfold
was placed around my eyes.  I was slowly forced over a stand or table so that
my ass was fully exposed in the air.  I felt my legs being spread apart and I
did my best to cover my ass with my cuffed hands.  They uncuffed my hands and
immediately attached my hands over my head almost touching the floor.  My cock
was hard as a rock and my legs were spread as wide as they could have been
without ripping my muscles.  The only coverage I had was the silk red thong
panties which I was now thankful for.  I immediately felt a tug on the panties
and with the second yank, they were torn from my body, revealing to the crowd a
full view of my asshole, balls and dangling cock, which was awkwardly being
forced downward by the stand or table.  I heard the crowd cheer, but I could
not tell what was happening.  Suddenly I felt a blow across my left ass cheek. 
I could feel a welt immediately developing.  One counted the crowd.  Again
another blow struck my ass.  I cringed in pain and was horrified to think that
the crowd was enjoying this punishment.  Blow after blow hit my ass and the
crowd continued to cheer and count.  After ten I was feeling fairly faint and
light headed.  I sat there for a few minutes until I felt a strange sensation
on my ass.  The crowd cheered as the three women on stage began lathering up my
ass and legs.  I could feel a razor pathing its way over my backside.  I
remained stiff as I feared getting cut by the blade.  The crowd cheered as they
spread my ass cheeks even wider and began shaving the crack of my ass.  I felt
the razor guide itself over my asshole a number of times and each time I
shivered expecting the worse.  Immediately a chain was attached to my arms and
with the push of a button a machine was slowly pulling my body from the table. 
I was now hanging in an upright position when I felt the machine continue its
motion.  I was being laid over backwards in a decline position.  I felt the
machine swivel giving the crowd a full view of my balls and cock.  I was still
fully erect and the master commented to the crowd that I must enjoy being
treated like the bitch slut that I was because my little boy cock was near
eruption.  She wiped her finger across my cockhead and shoved it into my mouth.
 See how he enjoys the taste of his precum.  There is a lot more where that
came from slave boy.  I was feeling embarrassed and humiliated both at the way
I was being treated and then again that my small cock was the center of
attention.  She then forgot about my puny erect cock and began shaving my pubic
area.  Within minutes, the crowd was ranting and raving.  I felt the razor
glide across my entire front side removing all visible patches of hair,
including my under arms.  The woman is finally hairless announced my master,
the slut is finally bald.  Do you like that slave boy.  I answered softly, yes
mistress.  A blow struck my cockhead and I winced in anguish.  Speak so they
can here you.  I like being bald mistress I responded loudly.  The crowd
laughed as the machine again began rotating my body.  When it was finished I
again was bent over, only this time the machine swiveled sideways so the crowd
could not get a full view of my exposed ass.  We call on Sarah and her vibrator
to now torture our slave.  I was still blindfolded, but was terrified by what
had just been said.  Within seconds I felt a finger slide into my ass. 






Dom Sam

Part 2

It was coated with cream of some sort and I squeezed my ass trying to
keep the finger from entering.  Still it plunged into my ass and I cried out in
pain.  Please no, I said.  I was struck across the face with what seemed to be
a cock.  Once you have experienced a dick slap it is quite hard to forget the
feeling and degradation that it causes.  My head was yanked backwards and I
felt the leash being tied to my ankles.  I was now in a "W" shape as I was bent
over at the waist, yet my head and ankles were uplifted.  Immediately I felt a
vibrating sensation at my asshole.  Again and again the vibrator tapped at my
sphincter.  I continued to tighten my ass, but my master at my rear entrance
continued this erotic teasing.  Again I said no, as I felt the tip of the
vibrator penetrating my asshole and again I was struck across the face with man
flesh.  The blindfold was yanked away from my eyes and I was restricted to
staring  at a thick 10 inch black strap on phallus.  I could see the simulated
veins pulsating from this black cock.  Before I could gather my thoughts, the
vibrator was viscously thrust deep into my ass.  I felt my asshole tear and rip
and I wondered how far the cock must have penetrated my asshole.  Immediately,
the vibrator was yanked from my ass and the women advanced in front of me
displaying the thick 6 inch black phallus which had just taken aggression at my
asshole.  That was only half way she spoke, now beg for the entire phallus you
slut.  As I did not answer, the women facing me swung her cock and struck me
twice more against each cheek.  My master motioned for her to continue and I
closed my eyes in anticipation for more blows.  A few seconds passed and she
ordered me to open my eyes.  I saw this woman jerking the cock in front of me. 
Slave you better keep your eyes open and beg for torture or you will be
subjected to even greater punishment than this. If you would have obeyed the
first time, the punishment would have been only the vibrator, now you must also
beg to feel the seed of the replicated phallus.  Beg slave boy to feel both the
full length of the vibrator deep into your ass and to experience thick streams
of cum splashing against your virgin face.  Beg or you will receive 25 blows to
your ass and an anal fucking from the member in front of you.  Terrified by the
threat, I began to beg loudly, Masters, please fill my ass with the massive
phallus and devirginize my face with thick streams of cum.  Immediately, the
phallus was slammed violently into my asshole, which I tried vehemently to
relax in anticipation.  Even so, the pain that ran through my body was immense.
 The rubber cock was slammed in and out of my tight virgin ass and I begged to
feel the thick streams of  jism coating my virgin face.  I obediently held my
eyes open as the woman continued jerking the realistic thick black cock. 
Within seconds thick gobs of white fluid emerged from the cock, splashing
across my face.  Stream after stream soaked my face while the cock in my ass
continued to pound in and out of my tender hole.  I was shocked at how much
fluid this phallus could hold, as the streams continued to drench my entire
face.  As the last jets of cum emerged from the phallus, she ordered me to open
my mouth and beg to have both holes filled with black cock meat.  My immediate
thoughts were denial, but in fear of greater punishment, I loudly begged,
please fill both of my holes with thick black cock, I want both holes stretched
and filled so that I can only feel one gigantic cock moving throughout my
entire body.  My master startled me by quickly shoving her cum soaked cock into
my mouth and instantly I could feel the cock in my ass stretching and filling
the depths of my asshole.  In sink, the cock in my mouth and asshole went in
motion, in and out, again and again; I truly felt as if one cock was moving
throughout my entire body.  I could taste the strong saltiness of the sperm
still leaking from the rubber cock.  Simultaneously, both cocks were submerged
harshly and deeply into both holes.  I choked on the five inches she was able
to shove into my mouth and quickly both cocks were removed.  My ass tightened
and now that there was no motion I could take notice of the gobs of simulated
cum that had drenched my face and mouth.  The crowd cheered as they spun me
around so that they could get a full view of my devirginized asshole and then
my cum soaked face.  I was humiliated to feel my asshole still spread wide from
the cock that had just moments before stretched it open.  I was even more
humiliated and embarrassed to taste the salty remnants of cum still in coating
my mouth and the thick wads of jism on my face dripping before the crowd.  Even
through these degrading and humiliating events, my cock stood fully erect and
precum was emerging from the tip.  Beg you little slut, who thoroughly loves
the idea of being humiliated and degraded, to let your measly 5 inch cock cum
before this crowd.  I was feeling so horny that I immediately begged, please
masters, let me spill my seed before you.  My master replied that if I attend
to the mess then I would be allowed to cum for everyone.  I immediately was
drawn into a standing position and my master began stroking my cock.  With each
stroke the crowd counted.  By the tenth stroke I was bucking my hips.  My balls
tightened and with the twelfth stroke streams of cum emerged from my cock. 
There were two thick streams and then tiny jets dribbled from my cock.  The
crowd laughed loudly and my master commented that I was a bitch slut who had no
sexual self control, not only do you have a tiny cock that could not please a
woman, but you have no self control either.  With that she ordered that I clean
up the cum from the floor with my tongue.  I was shocked, and she could sense
that I had not anticipated this cleaning process.  There is much more
punishment for slaves who are not obedient.  I quickly knelt on the floor and
began slurping the cum that had just left my cock.  I felt completely
humiliated and degraded and knew that if this was the first night of training,
that the remaining time would be unbearable.  Although disgusted at the act I
was performing, I was surprised to find out that the simulated cum was much
like my own.  I had fortunately never tasted nor even dreamt that I wold ever
taste cum, I figured that was a job left to the women of the world, but here I
was being treated like a slut and obediently succumbing to this degrading
torture. The consistency was thick, sticky and salty and I wondered how any
woman including my wife could enjoy this taste.  When I had finished gulping
down the last droplets of my cum, my master responded that this was only the
beginning of understanding how women are treated in our society and that I
would soon learn to respect everyone as equals, with the exception of myself -
I was to be an eternal slave.  There were some loud laughs as she repeated
herself lifting both black phalluses in the air.  I did not understand the
undertone she was trying to portray, but didn't care either.  I was ordered on
my knees and led back to my room where I was tied down as before.  A light was
turned on brightly so that I could plainly see both my newly shaven body and
the dried cum still remaining on my face, hair and lips.  








Dom Sam

 Part 3

 That night I slept very inconsistent, waking up at odd hours and wondering
where I was.  When I finally heard two women walk into my room, I cringed
knowing that my second day of horror was about to began.  I was unbound and
then ordered on my knees.  A leash was quickly attached around my neck and as
before I was led down the hall to the bathing room.  I was thoroughly excited
about this, as I could still feel the stickiness on my face.  The bathing was
rather quick, but again they did an impeccable job not to miss any spots.  When
one of my masters inserted her finger into my asshole, I shrieked in pain.  My
asshole was raw and sore due to the violent rape that my mistress had performed
on me the previous evening.  I asked what was in store for me this fine day,
and immediately I was struck across the face.  You will not speak slave unless
ordered to do so, is that understood?  I quickly answered yes master and knew
that I was powerless no matter which woman I encountered.  By the time my
bathing had ended, I was rock hard.  Under different circumstances, being
bathed by two beautiful naked women would be a gift, but not in my particular
case.  My two masters spoke sternly, get on your knees slave, look how turned
on you get when you are disciplined and abused.  Beg us to treat you like the
cheap slut that you are.  I quickly responded in fear of being struck and more
so of further humiliation.  I am a slave slut and I love all of the abuse that
my masters give me.  One mistress re-attached the collar and yanked me again
down the hall.  I was led into another bedroom which was filled with maids
outfits.  My mistress laid out one tight maid's outfit, matching fishnet
stockings and panties and finally high heel black boots.  She ordered me to get
dressed and she exited the room.  Within minutes, she re-entered and led me
down the hall into the serving room.  Slave, you will be serving us breakfast,
you have approximately five minutes to have everyone served so get started,
bitch.  The food was already cooked and there was plenty of it.  I glanced into
the dining room and was surprised to see nearly twenty women chatting and
waiting for prompt service.  One by one I filled their plates and served each
of them.  I easily met the deadline of five minutes, but Master Gina had
additional plans for me.  Slaveboy, get your eager mouth over here and eat my
cunt while we eat breakfast and pay special attention to my clitoris or else I
will happily discipline you in front of all of your masters.  I quickly jumped
to my knees, crawled over under the table and began yanking down my master's
panties.  With my first touch I could feel how wet and damp they were. 
Mistress Gina kicked with her heels and ordered me to remove her panties with
only my mouth.  I complied with her commands and proceeded to remove her soaked
panties with my teeth.  I was surprised at how wet she already was as I dipped
my tongue into her cunt slit and quickly began lapping her pussy.  Mouthful of
mouthful of glaze dripped from her pussy and as I was beginning to realize what
was happening, Gina was commenting on how much cum she had shot in her the
previous night and earlier this morning.  I briefly stopped to gag and was
kicked and told to continue or else.  Therefore, I continued to lick and suck
on her dripping pussy, paying special attention to her lovebud as she had
ordered.  Within five minutes, I could feel Gina tensing up and additional
juices began flowing from her puffy red pussy.  Her nectar mixed with ample cum
was coating my mouth and face and I hesitantly slurped and sucked.  Stop you
horror, Gina Spoke.  You must now beg each master around the table if you can
repeat your horny display.  Immediately, I crawled to my next master and
pleaded, please let me taste your delicious pussy and please you in any way
that I can.  She ordered me to began sucking and to play a little rough with
her cunt, I want a bit of nibbling you fucking cunt.  Again I wasted no time
dipping my tongue into her magnificent love box.  I playfully gnawed at her
love button and continued burying my tongue deep into her canal.  Deeper you
slut, she ordered, and I continued shoving my tongue as deep as I could tasting
only her juice.  Again within minutes, her juices began drenching my lips and
face and she grabbed the back of my head and violently began fucking my tongue
and face.  She rubbed her soaking pussy all over face, coating the area from my
nose to my chin.  I continued at the same pace for nearly an hour and I glanced
to see three women left.  My tongue was aching, but I knew my punishment would
be severe if I did not continue the process and in fact, I was enjoying the
majority of this.  As I crawled to the next woman, she ordered that I not only
remove her panties with my teeth, but that there was another surprise waiting
for me.  Immediately, the other women began their laughter.  I removed her
panties, only to be horrified at what she had meant.  There before me was a
string emerged from her vagina.  I was disgusted, but knew that my choices were
slim.  Thus, I pulled at the string and pulled a tampon from her pussy.  She
ordered me to get busy, that her vagina was already wet waiting for me.  I
hesitantly buried my tongue between her pussy lips and began lapping at her
cunt.  It was a sour taste and although I felt nautious I eagerly continued.  I
knew that the quicker this was completed the happier I would be.  I dug my
tongue deep into her box and slurped and sucked her mixed juices.  Within
minutes, she too was holding my head and bucking her hips against my face.  I
licked and licked until she finally released my head and ordered me to move on.
 The next woman told me that she did not wish to have her cunt spoiled, but
that her asshole was eagerly awaiting similar treatment.  Again, I hesitated,
but then found myself crawling around behind this mistress and removing her
panties.  As I pulled them down her legs she bent over so I could gain full
access to her back hole.  I drove my tongue straight to her brown hole and
began licking and sucking in a wild fashion.  I was tired and my tongue was
sore and there were only two more women to satisfy including the one whose ass
cheeks were wrapped around my face.  I buried my tongue as deep as I could into
her back hole until I had her squirming and moaning.  I continued my attack
until she ordered me to stop and move on.  I quickly removed the final masters
panties and began lapping her slippery wet pussy.  She had definitely been
eagerly awaiting this as she was already dripping from excitement.  I lapped
and suck at her juices for nearly five minutes until she began shaking and
pushed my mouth away.  I moved forward again to gather her flowing juices and I
was struck across the face.  Enough you fucking horror, she screamed.  Gina
ordered me over to her and she lifted the front of my maid skirt to reveal my
hard tiny cock poling beyond the skimpy fishnet g-string that I was wearing. 
She rubbed her finger across my cock and plopped it into my mouth.  Taste your
cum slut - is it as delicious as the cum you drank from my well fucked pussy? 
Do you want a blow job from one of your mistresses here slave boy?  I quickly
responded yes mistress, please mistress.  She struck me across the face and
ordered me onto the table.  Beg your masters to let you jack off into a piece
of bread so that you may eat your own jism with your breakfast toast.  You have
that option or the option to neither have an orgasm, which we can tell you
strongly desire, nor any food for the day.  I was desperately horny and I
begged my mistresses to let me eat.  Please masters, may I eat my own cum for
breakfast, I beg you to let me jack off for all of you and then demonstrate my
obedience by consuming my own thick sticky load of jism.  They laughed and
commented at what a horror and slut I already was and that my wife would have
no more use for me once she knew my new role in society.  Gina spoke, you have
one minute slut.  With that I began eagerly stroking at my shaft and within
seconds, streams of my cum were shooting and soaking my breakfast toast.  Make
sure you get every last drop ordered Gina.  I milked my shaft until the last
droplets of cum emerged from my cockhead and slowly dripped to the bread.  My
masters ordered me to eat.  I was no longer hungry and the thought of eating my
own sperm was humiliating and degrading, but I hesitantly began biting the edge
of my toast.  Stop you slut, spread the cum evenly on the toast with your
tongue you cum eating horror.  Before any more orders were given, I quickly
began spreading my cum evenly over the bread.  I continued this degrading act
until, I was ordered to began my feast.  I began consuming my cum covered toast
and my mistresses laughed and commented the entire time.  You are a horror and
because you enjoy this treatment, we will be expediting your slut training
starting today.  We'll see how well you gobble down thick salty jism from
another man - a real man one commented.  I quickly jumped from the table and
began my protesting.  I will not perform such an act.  I am not a faggot and no
one is going to make me perform sexual acts with another man.  Five women
quickly had me secured and I was immediately cuffed and restricted in a dog
like position.  The whip began to take turns on each cheek of my ass and with
each stroke I cried in pain.  After the tenth stroke, I was still muttering and
protesting against such acts.  Before I knew it, I felt a shot in my arm and I
was out cold.    

  When I awoke, I was restricted and gagged and within seconds I came to
understand that I was in the back of a moving van.  I glanced around to see
that there were three women in the car with me.  I looked down to see that I
had been dressed up in a short summer dress, high heels and again, I could feel
that I was wearing skimpy thong panties.  Master Gina spoke, you are our slave
and you will perform whatever duties are asked of you.  If you are an obedient
and eager slave, maybe we can bypass some duties that you may not be
comfortable with.  I felt as if a weight had been lifted from my shoulders, I
assumed she meant that I would not be required to perform homosexual duties,
other than those I had already been subjected to.  Being dick slapped by a
large black man and being double fucked with strap-ons was as close to
homosexual activity as I could take.  I was excited and knew that I must be an
obedient and eager slave.  Within minutes I felt the vehicle stop and the back
of the van was opened by two other women, counting five in total.   I was
yanked from the vehicle and ordered on my knees.  A leash was attached to my
neck, my dress lifted and I was walked into what appeared to be a dive mountain
bar.  I was horrified at the thought of going out in public like this, but knew
that no one I would know would hang out at a location like this, and I still
did not know where in the hell I was at.  As I practically crawled into the
bar, a large black waiter asked my masters what they would like to drink.  I
glanced around the bar counting approximately ten people in total.  






Dom Sam

Part 4

It appeared to be a biker bar due to the fact that of the ten customers I saw,
they were all wearing leather.  There were two biker women, both of which were
unattractive to say the least and eight more large thick black men in biker
outfits.  Everyone was staring at me and snickering except a few of the  black
men seemed to be enthralled by my beautiful masters.  I wondered why such
beautiful women would come to a place like this, in fact I feared for all of
our lives.  Suddenly, one of the men commented to Gina that it appeared that
she had another trainee getting broken in.  I felt ambivalent at the comment.  
Gina ordered six shots of whiskey and within minutes three shots had been
poured down my throat.  I was cuffed against a pole kneeling down and I feared
at what would happen next.  I knew whatever it was, I would obey knowing that
Gina would keep true to her word.  Gina told the two biker women that they
could do as they wanted with me and within minutes the women had my short dress
hooked up on the pole, revealing my silk red thong panties.  They pulled my
panties down and began stroking my now soft little cock.  They laughed and
commented for everyone to look at the pathetic cock I displayed.  The men
looked at my cock and began laughing.  My masters joined in and laughed as
well.  Gina approached me, you were brought here to view what a real cock looks
like and how a real man fucks a woman.  With that she called one of the black
men over, she positioned herself in a spread eagle position and asked if the
man would like to demonstrate a good fucking.  The black man quickly removed
his pants to display a cock of immense size.  Gina reached out and stroked the
monstrous shaft a couple of times, revealing its true size, approximately 10
inches of hard rock thick black cock.  She moved within a foot of me, took hold
of his cock flesh and positioned it against her cunt hold.  With one swift
stroke, he slid six inches of his thick manhood deep into her pussy.  Gina
moaned in pleasure and the man withdrew nearly all of his cock.  His head was
still submerged in her cunt lips and again in one motion he slid his cock deep
into her cunt walls.  All but two inches disappeared into her pussy and she
shrieked in ultimate pleasure.  Slowly he withdrew his cock, Gina tightening
her pussy lips, trying to grip his cock as it left her vaginal walls.  He
pulled the entire member from her box and it appeared that his cock was now
fully erect and probably 12 inches in length and nearly 4 inches in diameter. 
I watched in amazement as he took aim and slammed his thick slab of meat deep
into her cunt.  His full member disappeared into her begging pussy and he began
to violently fuck her.  In and out his cock fucked her hole and almost
instantaneously she began to scream, I am having a magnificent orgasm, please
fuck me harder.  He continued to slam his dick in and out of her stretched
pussy and with each stroke she moaned in pleasure.  This fucking went on for
nearly fifteen minutes until I saw his ass tense.  He was filling her fuck hole
with thick streams of jism.  Wad after wad splashed into her cunt and when he
withdrew she immediately began to leak his seed.  Gina stood, placing her hand
under her cunt hole to catch any remnants of cum, and quickly advanced directly
in front of me.  Slave boy, how did you like that fuck display.  I immediately
answered, I loved it master.  She pulled her hand from her pussy and ordered me
to lick the cum from her hands.  I immediately spoke, I thought we, and
immediately was slapped.  You are my slave and you will do anything and
everything that you are told.  I call the shots, not you slut boy.  Now lick
his jism from my hands. Although I had already bee forced to eat cum, I had not
been present when it was deposited and I had not done so in front of any men,
which for my sake was less humiliating.  I refused and immediately another one
of the black men approached me and struck me in the face.  I fell to the side,
held up only by the cuffs and the pole.  He pulled a pistol from his coat and
told me he would like me to follow any orders that I receive while at this
establishment.  I don't care what type of arrangement you have with Gina and
the others, but here you will follow the rules or else.  I could not believe my
situation.  I trusted Gina's word and now I was playing with my life.  Gina
commented, I just wanted you to know who was in charge slut, now lick his thick
sticky cum from my hands.  In disgust, I stretched out my tongue and Gina
swiped her hand across it.  I immediately tasted the thick salty jism.  It was
humiliating to eat cum, but to be forced to eat another man's ( A black man's)
cum while he was present was ten fold.  I was not prejudice - okay maybe a
little, and being ordered around and forced to drink cum from a black man was
like killing myself at this very moment.  Gina then moved closer and ordered me
to eat the cum from her pussy.  As I lifted my tongue, I felt the streams of
cum dripping from her cunt.  I caught the droplets and began slurping and
sucking at her freshly fucked pussy.  With each gulp, more cum emerged from her
box.  Streams and streams coated my throat and I continued engulfing myself in
their combined juices.  After minutes of this, Gina pulled away, commenting
that now that I knew my place would I ever question her orders again.  I
glanced at the man holding the pistol, glanced back to Gina and answered no
mistress.  Gina then asked if I wanted to finish eating the delicious cum from
her pussy and knowing the right answer I quickly begged, yes Mistress Gina can
I continue drinking a real man's cum from your pussy.  She again positioned her
pussy over my face and the cum continued to flow into my eager mouth.  I felt
as though he must have come at least twenty times what I did and everyone
watched as I sunk lower in society by eagerly obeying my mistresses.  The thick
salty jism had consumed my mouth lips and throat and it was difficult to
finish.  Finally the last drop emerged from her beautiful stretched pussy and
it slid down my humiliated throat.  Gina uncuffed me and ordered me to lie on
my back.  Another mistress positioned herself in a sixty nine position and
immediately my cock was rock hard.  Suddenly, Gina asked for another volunteer
to fuck the mistress doggie style.  Quickly, one of the men stripped and
revealed his 10 inch dong.  Gina took hold of his cock and positioned it at the
master's pussy hole.  I closed my eyes as the black cock was inches from my
face, his balls nearly touching my nose.  Gina ordered me to lick and suck on
his balls as I watched him fuck my mistress properly.  Yes mistress, I
answered, knowing I had no other choice.  As I lifted my head to began licking
at his balls, he shoved his thick black cock head into her begging vagina.  His
balls slapped me in the face, but still I continued to lick and suck at his
sweaty balls.  I was astonished as I saw my master's pussy stretch to
accommodate his magnificent cock.  I saw his veins bulge from his cock as it
penetrated my master's pussy again and again.  After minutes of this, Gina
commented that my cock was now leaking precum and I cringed in embarrassment. 
My position was not an appetizing one, but my cock was as hard as it had ever
been.  I continued to eagerly suck and lick at his large black sweaty balls as
he bounced them against my face again and again.  After a few more moments, I
began to feel his large nuts tighten within his ball sac and quickly I slurped
and licked at his nuts.  I could feel the liquid being emptied from his balls
into my master's pussy and still I continued licking and sucking the sweat from
his nut sac.  He withdrew in mid orgasm letting streams of jism empty from his
cock head onto my face and lips.  Open up he ordered and he stroked his cock
head emptying two final jets of thick salty sperm into my eagerly awaiting
mouth.  He backed away and my master tilted herself in a fashion to let gravity
empty her freshly fucked pussy onto my face and into my awaiting mouth.  Gobs
after gobs of fuck juice slipped from her pussy onto my face.  Again, an
amazing amount of cum was dumping into my mouth, down my throat and into my
stomach.  I was beginning to feel full and it disgusted me to think it was from
black sperm.  From a race minutes before I though was below me - now I was
lower than whale shit.  After a few minutes, my master retreated.  Everyone
stared as I laid there drenched in ample amounts of mixed cum and pussy juice. 
Gina ordered me to beg for a circle jerk so that the other men could also coat
me with there cum juice. Hesitantly, I begged, Please all of those who desire,
I would greatly appreciate it if you would spill your thick wads of jism all
over my body.  I would love the humiliation and degradation I would feel as
your loads of thick milky jism splash onto my body.  The seven final men,
including the bartender, circled around and removed their pants.  I was again
shocked at the size of the cocks displayed before me.  The smallest cock was
nearly 9 inches long and as thick as a beer bottle.  My thoughts were quickly
diverted as the men began stroking their members at a violent pace.  Within
minutes of viewing these men stroke their massive black slabs of meat, the
first man began squirting his jism onto my face.  Stream after stream gushed
from his cock head striking my cheeks and lips.  Another man began emptying his
load from the side, floods of cum shot into my right ear and began soaking my
hair as he continued his aggressive assault.  Simultaneously, two others began
unloading their thick strands of cock juice onto my forehead.  Their massive
cocks continued to flow saturating my hair in their sticky fluid.  The other
three began their orgasms.  The first began shooting his cock juice onto my
neck, while the other each took aim at one eye.  Shot after shot of thick cum
juice emptied from their massive cocks into my eyes.  I quickly closed them,
but continued to feel jets of nut fluid covering my eyes.  After continued
jerking from all of the men, the last droplets were emptied from their balls
onto my face.  Everyone took a moment to laugh at the result of the circle
jerk.  I was drenched in black man fluid and I took a moment to realize my
situation and what had taken place in the last twenty four hours and I was
stunned at the fact that I was a true horror and slut in every sense of the
word.  I was being humiliated and degraded like the cheapest piece of trash I
had ever met.  My thoughts subsided as my mistress ordered me to my feet, thank
these men for taking time to excite the fucking slut that you are.  Show them
how hard your measly little cock is from being subjected to this humiliation
and degradation.  I stood and posed for my audience, cum dripped down my face
as I displayed my overwhelmingly excited cock.  They commented as droplets of
cum seeped from my cock head, the slave girl has not even been touched and she
leaks her pussy juice.  She might as well have a pussy, commented one of the
woman just prior to leaving, receiving a mouthful of laughs.  They led me to
the automobile and again gave me a shot in the arm as we drove from the bar.
 
 If you like this story, then please help me humiliate my husband at
NCNC105895@aol.com and write to me ideas that we can really live out and share
with you at Sammslb@aol.com






Dom Sam

Part 5

When I awoke, I again was in bed and felt fully rested.  I could feel the
stickiness of the cum that coated me from my earlier episodes.  I tried to
remove those thoughts from my head, but failed to do so.  A minute passed and
then two women entered the room, we will be flying to San Francisco this
evening for a costume party, so we must cleanse your body and dress you
appropriately.  I don't want to ruin the surprise, but I do believe you will be
attending the party as a sex slave.  Within an hour, they had me bathed and
groomed and they led me down the hall to the dressing room.  As we entered the
room, I was ordered to bend over.  A small sized butt plug was inserted into my
asshole and a tight round silver cock ring was attached around the base of my
cock and balls. Attached to the cock ring was a chained leash that was left
hanging for now.  A zip up pair of men's leather briefs were pulled snugly into
place, causing a bit of pain due to the cock ring.  The chain cock leash was
pulled up from the front of the briefs and the dressing continued.  Two painful
nipple clamps were attached first to my left nipple and then to my right.  The
clamps were connected by a chain which hung from my chest.  I squealed in pain
when each was attached; the pain did not subside, but I figured it would with
time.  Chaps were then buttoned on each leg still leaving both my bulge in
front and my leather brief covered butt exposed in back.    A pair of leather
biker boots were forced onto my feet and then a leather vest was finally
applied.  The jacket rubbed at my nipple clamps causing me a great deal of
pain.  A thick dog collar with spikes was attached to my neck and my hands were
cuffed behind me.  A leash was attached to my neck collar and the ends of both
my neck and cock leash were attached together.  The cock leash was placed over
the chain connecting my nipple clamps, resulting in a great deal of pain with
every yank of the leash.  Finally, the butt plug was controlled by a remote
which contained five degrees of vibration and although the plug was small, the
first degree of vibration was nearly unbearable.  Master Gina approached me and
commented that I should enjoy being dressed as a man, because this was a rare
gift.  She also commented that the small butt plug was used because we did not
want that tight little ass of yours being stretched before the time was right. 
I clinched my ass at this comment already feeling pain from the plug in my
asshole complemented with the soreness in my rear hole from the previous night,
when I had been devirginized by a cock similar in size to my own (five inches).
 I was led to the door by my combination leash and with each step I winced in
paid.  My cock was uncomfortable being snugly tucked away in my leather briefs,
my nipples ached as the vest rubbed each of them with each step and my ass
winced in pain with each step as well.  The doorbell rang and six of us, five
women and myself, exited the house and proceeded to climb into a large sized
limousine.  The driver smirked at my situation as he ushered us into the
vehicle.  Master Gina yanked at my leash as I entered the limo and my cock
although in pain quickly became aroused. I could feel the cock ring tightened
snugly around the base of my cock and balls and with each yank, additional
blood was released into my cock.  The women were all dressed very exquisitely,
nothing like they were going to a costume party.  I wanted to comment, but knew
that I would be punished and therefore, did not.  The limo driver commented,
where are you flying tonight ladies.  Gina answered, San Francisco to show off
our willing slave boy/girl.  He is an eager slave and loves to please so we
figured there would be no place better then the city of sex and drugs.  I was
feeling humiliated, but intelligently chose not to comment.   A blindfold was
placed around my eyes and a gag was positioned securely into my mouth.  We
drove for nearly an hour before the vehicle came to a stop and we exited.  The
blindfold was removed, but the gag remained in place.  We entered the airport
and I immediately was horrified.  I flew all of the time and if anyone at the
airport recognized me I would be through.  Gina laughed and then reattached the
blindfold, I do not wish your identity to be known slave boy.  I was walked
through the airport and by now I was numb to the pain that was moving from my
cock to my nipples.  As we walked the anal plug was turned to the first dial
and it began to frantically vibrate inside of my asshole.  This made it even
more difficult to walk, but my mind was still on the fact that someone might
notice or recognize me, alleviating much of the pain.  As we walked, I heard
numerous comments from people which further humiliated me and my new position
in society.  I was finally led onto the plane and the blindfold was removed. 
The entire plane was staring at me in shock and I longed for a seat.  As I
walked down the row, a young woman pinched my ass, feeling the vibration, and
commented that she needed to get herself a vibrating slave.  My masters laughed
and within seconds I was seated.  Gina sat next to me and lifted the remote and
switched it to dial two.  The vibrator in my ass began violently buzzing
causing me great discomfort.  I positioned myself as best I could, but was
still extremely uncomfortable.  Gina reached down, unzipped my briefs and
released my swollen rock hard tiny  cock.  I was humiliated and feeling like
scum as the flight attendant approached us and asked my master what we would
like to drink.  Gina ordered a bourbon and a steaming hot coffee for my little
friend here, motioning to my cock head.  She then commented, my slave is a
little excited so he better have a couple of shots of Jack Daniel's too.  The
flight attendant ignored my swollen cock head and retreated to get our drinks. 
She quickly returned with the coffee.  As the plane took off, Gina turned the
dial to three on the anal plug and proceeded to dip my cock head into the
steaming hot coffee.  I moaned as the pain shot through my entire groin area. 
To alleviate some of that pain, Gina opened the leather vest and roughly pulled
at my twin nipple clamps.  I was in hell being tortured on a public plane.  I
could not believe my situation as jolts of pain continued through my body.  

    The trip was approximately two hours long and I had been tortured
throughout the flight.  The anal vibrator had reached its maximum voltage, the
coffee had seared the majority of my cock and I had been demeaned twice, as my
mistress led me both to the front and to the rear to wait while she used the
restroom, both times she left my cock fully displayed for the entire plane to
see.  Before too long we were again positioned inside a limo headed for a
party.  I was feeling a little loopy as I had consumed nearly eight shots on
the plane trip and my food for the last day had consisted of an abundance of
cum mixed with two cum covered slices of toast.  The limo pulled up to a hotel
and we exited the vehicle.  I was led upstairs where the women quickly dressed
and the anal plug was hurriedly yanked from my asshole.  Within a half hour,
the women were dressed and their outfits consisted of cocktail waitresses,
maids outfits and hooker outfits.  Gina did not change, but would dress as a
highly powerful woman accompanied with her powerless, horror slave.  We took
the elevator down a number of floors and then exited into a large ballroom. 
The ballroom was filled with approximately 2,000 or more people, of which the
majority at first glance appeared to be black men.  There were all different
types of costumes, all of which were of a sexual nature.  Costumes included
biker costumes, tight cowboy outfits, men dressed in chains, bodysuits,
bodybuilders, dancers, etc., though I noticed no other individuals dressed in
slave attire.  Gina spoke to all of us, girls lets party and slave, you better
mind this evening or your punishment will be so horrifying that you would not
even be able to imagine it.  With those words of wisdom the women began to
mingle.  Gina yanked my leash causing me a volt of pain in my groin and chest
area.  As we mingled in the crowd, my ass was continuously being pinched and
spanked by other members of the party.  Everyone continually asked Gina where
she obtained such an obedient slave and Gina commented, they are all trainable,
some are much more difficult to break.  This particular one enjoys the
humiliation and degradation he receives.  Suddenly, a woman from the party
approached, ran her fingers over my ass and asked permission to feel my
package.  Yes of course, Gina answered, but don't expect much.  The woman
quickly slipped her hand into my leather briefs and stroked my sprouting
manhood.  While he is not endowed at all, he does appear to be a very well
trained and excitable young slave.  She continued to stroke my cock and slid
her other hand into my now tight briefs and began fondling my nut sack.  Well
he definitely enjoys his submissive role commented the woman fondling both my
full erect penis and my tightening balls.  She quickly removed her hands and
patted my ass.  Gina spoke, he will be put into action shortly so all can see
what a true obedient slave he really is.  As the woman walked away, two large
black gentlemen approached Gina and I.  Gina ignored them and quickly through
an additional two shots of whiskey down my throat.  I was getting a strong buzz
and knew that two additional shots would really put me over the edge.  One of
the black gentlemen patted my ass and commented to Gina, it appears that your 
slave here is beginning to feel the heat.  I was extremely hot and drops of
sweat were dripping from my forehead.  Gina asked if the two gentlemen, would
help me undress this horror so he does not drip all over me.  The two gentlemen
obliged and quickly began undressing me.  Gina handed one the key to my
handcuffs and he immediately uncuffed me and removed the leather vest from my
body.  He re-attached the cuffs and quickly tore off my chaps.  Gina removed a
pair of scissors from her purse, and proceeded to cut the sides of my leather
briefs.  She yanked them from my waist and commented, he will not be needing
these for the rest of the evening.  There I stood wearing only my leather boots
complemented with a cock ring and nipple clamps.  Gina handed the gentlemen the
leash whispered in their ears and walked away laughing.  One gentlemen, roughly
tugged at the dual leashes.  Instantly, I cried in pain.  I was terrified at
what had just transpired, but remained quiet in fear of further punishment. 
Another few gentlemen approached and within minutes, I was being sexually
groped by approximately five massive black men.  They took turns yanking at my
leashes, enthralled as my small cock swelled with each yank.  One man grabbed
my head and forced it towards the ground.  Instantly, another began violently
spanking my ass.  As a finger was shoved into my asshole, I cringed in pain and
screamed angrily, you fucking Negroes better leave me the fuck alone.  I was
drunk by now and I was vocal enough that nearly everyone within a hundred feet
heard my racial screams.  The finger slipped from my ass, creating a popping
sound as it exited my back hole, and my leash was violently yanked upwards
positioning me face to face with one of the massive black men.  Gina quickly
hurried over, struck me in the face and apologized to the black men.  Slave,
you leave me no choice, you will pay these gentlemen respect by orally
satisfying each of them.  You are a true slave and this discipline will help
you fully understand your new position in life. She removed a piece of paper
from inside her dress and began reading off addresses.  Each address was well
known to me, my work, my friends, my parents in law.  I was horrified, Gina
then ordered one of the other masters over and the other mistress revealed a
number of pictures of me, sucking on the phallus the night I was first
displayed and then a number of pictures of me at the bar with cum being shot on
my face lips and mouth.  Now if you want to keep these pictures secret, you
will obey every command tonight with no hesitation, is that understood
slaveboy.  I softly spoke, yes mistress, louder she ordered, yes mistress! 
Gina, grabbed a microphone and announced to the party, My slave will be putting
on a sexual display on the dance floor and anyone interested is encouraged to
come watch.  Gina ordered me to my knees and then led me to the dance floor
like a dog.  You have twenty minutes to orally relieve each of these five men. 
If you do not succeed then every male in this room will empty his seed in one
of your holes.  I was terrified at both the comment and what was currently
taking place.  I had sucked on the phallus and had sperm dripped into my mouth,
but actually sucking another man's organ was the ultimate degradation I could
be subjected to.  Still I knew that I had no choice, but to eagerly act upon my
masters orders.  I was humiliated beyond belief as the crowd thickened to watch
this true presentation of domination.  Gina commented, just days before, our
slaveboy here was a high flying executive who had never experienced any
thoughts of homosexuality and now before all of you he is anxious to show what
a true submissive slave he is and how much he enjoys sucking another man's
cock.  I was blindfolded and suddenly Gina yelled go.  I sat there waiting for
one of the men to present himself to me, but as the clock ticked nothing
happened.  The crowd booed as Gina screamed out 19 more minutes.  I shrieked, I
had to go search for the five cocks.  I quickly began shuffling on my knees
trying to find the cocks I was ordered to suck.  I felt some feet and quickly
took hold of one man.  I yanked down his spandex pants and hesitantly placed my
mouth on the head of his soft cock.  I tongued at the tip wrapping my tongue
across his cock hole again and again.  I was feeling rather disgusted at my
position, but was suddenly more eager and Gina yelled seventeen more minutes
and 5 cocks to go.  I was horrified at what was happening, but knew that if I
did not complete the task that there were nearly 18 hundred men in the room
that would probably take turns on me for the evening and this obviously would
be worse.  Therefore, I eagerly took hold of his still soft cock with both
hands and began stroking and sucking on his massive flesh.  His cock began
growing and I could tell it was nearly 10 inches in length and three plus
inches in diameter.  It grew and grew and the crowd cheered as my mouth
stretched to fit his massive prick inside.  I began sucking and slurping on the
sensitive underneath side of his cock and I could feel his cock veins filling
with blood.  With both hands I stroked and stroked shoving as much of his black
meat into my mouth as possible and by the time Gina yelled fifteen minutes, I
could tell he was close.  His balls were tightening and I continued to get
better at sucking cock.  I slipped another inch or so into my mouth feeling the
tip tickle the back of my throat.  My hands became pistons stroking the base of
his massive cock.  I could feel him tense and he quickly grabbed the back of my
head as I was pulling away and shoved his thick black cock meat deep into my
throat.  He tilted my head and began fucking my throat like a pussy.  I was
gagging on at least six inches of his cock meat, but his tight grip restricted
any movement that I previously had.  He pumped his massive cock again and again
into my mouth and then I felt his warm seed shooting into my stomach.  His
first couple shots coated the depths of my throat and I struggled and managed
to pull nearly three inches from my mouth letting his continuing jets of sperm
coat my mouth.  Gina yelled thirteen and he released his grip on my head
letting his thick massive prick slip from my lips.  With a final stroke, he
shot his remaining cum fluid onto my cheek and I heard the crowds' cheers as
they enjoyed this display of domination.  I knew I had little time so I quickly
shuffled onto my knees when I found two pair of feet standing close together. 
I quickly yanked at their pants and removed both of their cocks in unison.  I
placed a hand on each and began stroking each of them violently.  I could feel
each of them growing in my hands.  I wrapped my virgin mouth around the first
cock and again was surprised by the size of these cocks.  They were both
similar in size and length and I began to wonder why my cock was so small
compared to the ones I had experienced in the last couple of days.  My thoughts
were quickly back to my humiliating position and I hurriedly began sucking at
the first massive prick.  I created a suction with my mouth and began nurturing
his prick.  I bobbed and sucked at the head and then I would shove as much of
his member deep inside of my mouth.  All the time his prick was sliding in and
out of my mouth, I was eagerly stroking the base of his prick with one hand and
using my other hand to stroke the third cock.  Within a couple of minutes, the
man, similar to the first positioned my head and began violently ramming his
massive slab of meat into my throat.  I felt his balls tighten and floods of
cum emerged from his cock into my throat.  I began choking on his cum, but he
continued ramming his thick black cock deep into my throat.  With each stroke,
loads of jism coated my throat.  He slipped his cock from my mouth and I
stretched out my tongue running the tip across his prick head to catch the last
bit of juice exiting his cock head.  The crowd roared loudly, enjoying the
display of slavery I was giving them.  Gina commented, see how he enjoys this,
he wanted to get every last drop this slaveboy of ours.  The crowd was excited
by that extra little effort and I hoped by doing that they might be more
understanding of my position and hopefully more lenient with any of my future
discipline.  Gina screamed 9 minutes and therefore, I quickly wrapped my lips
around the cock I was violently stroking.  His cock was rock hard and I could
tell that his eruption would be quick.  I wrapped both hands around his base
and began mouth fucking him as fast as I could.  My cock sucking abilities were
improving and I was using that to my advantage.  I eagerly began bobbing my
head on his prickmeat and I could already taste his precum.  My tongue was
accurately teasing the underside of his massive prick and he began bucking his
hips, slamming his cock into my mouth.  I did not tilt my head and with each
stroke his cock was pounding at the rear of my throat.  Again and again his
cock meat gagged me, but I eagerly continued lapping at his cock slab.  He
began shooting his sperm into my mouth stream after stream and I gulped and
gulped as much as I could letting the excess drip from my mouth on my lips to
my chin until every last ounce exited his cock head.  As his prick exited my
mouth, I took hold of his cock and wiped the remaining droplets of sperm onto
my face.  Again the crowd laughed at my submissiveness.  There were seven
minutes and two pricks left, therefore I hustled on my knees to find the next
prick.  I found it quickly, and within seconds, I again was paying homage to
his cock.  I licked at his balls as I stroked at his massive prick.  He was
nearly eight inches long and skinnier then the others, but still much larger
then the cock that I had.  It was easier to stroke and suck and again I knew
that this would not take much time.  The crowd was becoming quieter and
therefore, I took hold of his butt and began ramming his cock deep into my
throat.  I was pulling his ass towards me letting him shove 6 inches into my
throat with each thrust.  The crowd again began to cheer and within minutes his
load was spurting into my mouth.  Nearly seven streams of jism filled my mouth
before as I swallowed and again cum spilled from the sides of my mouth.  He
yanked his cock from my mouth and dick slapped me across each cheek, letting
his last droplets of sperm coat my cheeks.  Three minutes Gina yelled, and I
quickly hurried to my final master.  I quickly found my last victim and
unzipped his leather pants.  I yanked them down and was shocked at what was
hitting my face.  The blindfold was yanked from my head and what stood before
me was an amazing and shocking sight.  His cock was nearly thirteen inches long
and four maybe five inches in diameter.  I knew I did not have much time so I
quickly took hold of his cock and began stroking his massive prick.  He removed
my hands, only your mouth slaveboy.  I did not know how I could fit the prick
inside, but I grabbed his asshceeks and pulled him close.  I stretched my mouth
as wide as I could and struggled to fit his cock head inside.  I managed to
tongue at the underside of his head, but after a minute of this I could tell I
was getting nowhere.  I placed a hand on his balls and wrapped my other hand
around his ass.  Knowing that I must somehow excite this man, I slipped a
finger into his ass hole and pulled him tight.  




Dom Sam

Part 6

I heard Gina scream one minute and I tilted my head back and forced his cock
violently into my throat.  My mouth stretched and I felt as though the sides of
my mouth would rip, but I continued to finger his ass, fondle his balls and
pull his cock deeper into my mouth.  Thrust after thrust, his cock inched
deeper into my mouth and I could see about six inches still being unattended
to.  I could not believe at this very moment that nearly seven inches of this
gigantic cock was being shoved into my throat.  The crowd roared as his hips
began maneuvering.  I could feel his balls tightening with my hand and I
increased the pace of my finger puncturing his asshole.  His cock slid in and
out of my throat causing me to gag with every stroke, yet I knew that this was
nearly over.  I pulled him tight stretched my mouth wider and began sucking and
licking for all I was worth.  I heard the countdown began from 20 and as the
count hit ten I felt gushes of sperm hitting the depths of my throat.  Load
after load of his jism soaked my throat, and I continued pumping my finger into
his ass.  He continued to buck, splashing his fluid inside of me.  He let some
of his cock meat exit my mouth leaving only his head in my mouth while he began
jerking his cock with his hand.  Jet after jet continued to exit his massive
black cock and I continued guzzling it down.  The countdown was over and he
slipped his monstrous cock from my mouth letting his continuous streams emerge
onto my face and lips.  I circled my tongue around my lips knowing that the
crowd would go crazy.  They cheered as I gathered up the remaining jism on my
lips with my eager tongue.  With two final strokes, the largest cock I had ever
seen subsided and he wiped the tip of his gigantic cock across my cheek.  Not
bad for a virgin he said and the crowd cheered loudly.  Gina hushed the crowd,
stand slaveboy.  I was hesitant because I knew how hard my cock had become and
how insignificant it would look in comparison to the cocks I had just sucked. 
Look everyone at how excited our slaveboy here is, his puny cock is fully erect
and dripping precum.  My cock was flared and I knew that any touch would cause
me to orgasm.  I would let you cum if you had listened to my orders, but since
you did not we will play two more games.  I told you that you must orally
satisfy each man and you intentionally used your hands with each of the
individuals. Therefore, that measly cock of yours will get no attention.  The
crowd laughed at the humiliation I was receiving.  Gina again began speaking,
since our slave here enjoys this treatment so much, we will subject him to more
of it.  I will need forty volunteers, male volunteers from the crowd.  The
first twenty will be lined in an orderly fashion and will fill the slaves mouth
with their cum.  If he can hold the sperm of twenty individuals without
spilling, which I assume he can't, then the slave's night will be over, if he
cannot, the other twenty individuals will teach our slave here the art of being
a woman.  They will harshly rape his virgin ass filling his boycunt with their
cum fluid.  If his ass can contain all of the fluid without spilling, then his
night will come to a close.  If our slave here cannot perform either task with
my approval, then the remaining crowd can have their way with him for a full
two hours, forcing him to succumb to any and all desires.  I was mortified, but
knew best to accommodate my master.  I felt so disgusted at the thought of
having those men fuck my mouth, but to rape my ass would be even more
humiliating, painful and degrading, therefore I knew that I must hold the sperm
of twenty men within my mouth.  

    Gina ordered the first twenty volunteers to approach us.  You all will
began jacking off and one at a time when you are ready, each of you will come
forward and fill the slave's mouth with your hot cock fluid.  Each and every
drop must be expended into his mouth.  Begin, she yelled and within seconds
there was a group of men around me jerking at their thick black cocks. This was
a similar situation as the circle jerk I had received at the bar, although all
of the sperm was now being shot and held in my mouth.  Again I was amazed at
the size of the cocks displayed before me.  Each differed in size, but all were
thick long black cocks with veins pulsating, in fact I still had not seen one
nearly as small as mine and that added to my humiliation and incompetentcy. 
Before I could continue this feeling, the first cock leaned in and my mistress
ordered me to open and keep my cunt mouth open.  He began to expend his cum
into my mouth while continuing to stroke and finish himself off.  Streams of
jism splashed my tongue and as each new stream of cum entered my mouth, I used
my tongue to swish it to the right side of my mouth.  As he stroked his last
drops of cum into my mouth, another man took his place and began shooting his
wad.  His jism shots were much more powerful and as I tilted my head back shot
after shot of semen pelted the roof of my mouth.  Within seconds, he too had
emptied his nuts in my mouth and I was already feeling a little queasy.  There
were two loads of sticky thick jism pushed to one side of my mouth and I knew
that eighteen more was quite a bit.  Without thinking too long, the third
participant began emptying his cock juice into my eagerly awaiting mouth.  Four
thick streams of milky white cum shot into my mouth and again he stroked his
thick man tool until the last drop had emerged from his 9 inch cock.  Minutes
passed as man after man dumped their wads into my mouth and before I knew it
Gina had rattled off number 10.  My head was tilted back and my mouth was
stretched out wide.  The cum was nearly dripping from both sides of my mouth
and I felt as though there was nothing I could do but either spit this milky
white fluid from my mouth or swallow to allow more room.  I knew that I had
neither choice.  All I could do was hold ten more loads in my mouth and then
this immediate nightmare would quickly come to a conclusion.  The crowd cheered
and laughed at what a horror slave I had become.  Again before I could digest
any more thoughts, another man leaned in and began shooting his thick streams
of cum fluid into my awaiting slave mouth.  Take that you slut he said as shot
after shot of jism emptied from his cock.  I managed to hold all of it, but I
knew I could not hold anymore.  The cum had filled my mouth and was nearly
dripping from the sides of my lips.  Again I could hear the crowd laughing and
cheering as another participant moved over me.  The man was nearly seven feet
tall and his cock was comparative to his size.  It was probably fourteen inches
and thick as a bottle.  He used both hands as he stroked his monstrous shaft. 
The initial shot of jism emerged from his cock head and immediately cum began
leaking from both sides of my mouth as his first stream of jism splashed into
my mouth.  Even as the cum managed to exit the corners of my mouth, he
continued stroking his gigantic cock head shooting load after load of sticky
cum into my awaiting mouth.  As he finished he had dumped nearly six ounces of
his sticky cum fluid into my slut mouth and I had let nearly eight ounces of
sticky cock fluid exit the corners of my mouth.  Jism was streaking down both
of my cheeks as my mistress approached me with a wine glass and ordered me to
spit the fluid into it.  I did as I was ordered feeling relieved that my mouth
was free of the cum juice.  I felt humiliated and queasy and my mouth, lips
neck and chin were coated with sticky thick salty jism.  The crowd began
chanting, next, next, next over and over and I knew what my next punishment was
for not complying with the first task.  The crowd was laughing at my
humiliation and degradation. My master then asked for 11 volunteers, the nine
that had not cum in my mouth and 11 additional volunteers made the number
twenty and each would be allowed to rape my virgin ass.  I pleaded with my
master, please master spare me this further humiliation, I performed
obediently.  I was struck across the face with my master's hand.  You failed
your duties and if you fail this order, then anyone and everyone will be your
master giving you sexual order after sexual order for a full two hours.  Now
bend over slave and beg to have your virgin ass raped rough and hard.  Beg each
male to fill your tight ass with their massive pricks, beg to have your tight
virgin ass split open by thick veined cocks.  You are a true slut and tonight I
want you to show everybody that your measly cock may not be able to please
anyone, yet your tight virgin ass can still give pleasure, at least while it is
still tight.  After tonight you may not be worth anything so enjoy this moment
slave and beg to have your virgin ass loosened up by black thick cocks.  I was
terrified and humiliated, I had been fucked only by a small phallus and a
buttplug and now I was facing the ultimate degradation of having my virgin ass
raped by numerous thick black cocks.  I feared this event, but feared more the
punishment that would take place if I did comply.  Therefore, I began begging
and pleading, please, I want twenty thick cocks to fuck my virgin ass rough and
hard.  I want the longest and thickest cocks to split my ass open and make me
feel like the horror that I am.  My master roughly struck my ass with her hand
and ordered the first black man to take his position at my virgin hole. 
Another mistress approached my face and secured my chin into a metal device
that did not allow me to move my head in any direction. I wondered what was
happening, but became aware as a screen was then placed in front of me giving
me a full view of what was about to take place behind me.  A camera had been
set up angled at my tight asshole giving me full vision of the large cock head
just inches from my tight virgin asshole.  My ass was clenched tight and I was
horrified at the size of the aggressor's cockhead.  My master took a bottle of
vaseline and though the crowd clearly disapproved, my master knew that I would
be ripped if not well lubricated.  She smeared the jelly around my tight hole
and then roughly shoved a finger into my asshole.  The dark thick veined cock,
that in moments would be stabbing my asshole, was 9 inches in length and at
least five inches in diameter. My master ordered me to keep my eyes open and
watch the deflowering of my asshole or I would be subjected to the most severe
punishment I could ever imagine.  With that she yelled, began.  I cringed as I
viewed the massive cockhead dip itself first into the bottle of vaseline and
then thrust towards my asshole.  I clenched tightly and felt his cock head slam
itself against my opening.  I winced in agony and paid, yet no penetration
occurred.  He grabbed both hands and roughly pulled my asscheeks apart.  He
yelled, I like the challenge of a virgin ass boy. He yanked my asscheeks apart
and roughly slammed his head into my asshole.  I viewed in horror and pain as
his two inch cockhead disappeared into my tight opening.  He quickly removed it
and lunged furiously at my ass shoving a third of his now 10 inch member deep
into my opening.  My ass ached immensely as it stretched and stretched to
accommodate his monstrous prick.  Without removing his cock head he again
pushed forward and I stared in shock as another third of his massive prick
entered my awaiting butthole.  I was feeling more pain the I had ever
experienced and was mesmerized by the show that was taking place.  He began
slowly fucking my ass removing three to four inches and then re-entering his
cockmeat.  His pace quickened yet his gigantic 10 inch member thankfully never
pushed its way deeper then six or seven inches which still had me cringing and
wriggling in severe pain.  I viewed his cock head slowly pull itself from my
tight asshole with a pop.  I took a deep breath just prior to his rough
re-entrance.  He lunged and stabbed his thick slab of cock meat deep into my
virgin asshole.  He continued to push and shove until the full length of his
member had disappeared into my virgin fuckhole.  He slapped his balls against
my own and then began ferociously fucking me.  His pace was quick and seven
inches of his cock began sliding in and out of my tight virgin asshole.  I
moaned in pain which only caused him more excitement and he quickened his
fucking motion now only removing three inches with each thrust.  My view was
quickly changed due to another camera gathering the underneath shots of this
horrifying experience that was taking place.  His balls were roughly slapping
my ass balls and the camera angled in on my measly five inch cockhead.  It
looked puny in size, but I was surprised to see my cock was fully erect and had
droplets of precum emerging from its head.  I was ultimately humiliated as the
crowd laughed at what a slut and horror I had become.  I questioned myself, was
this degrading treatment really turning me on--before I could contemplate
further he took a few more rough strokes bucking my ass and he tensed as I
viewed his balls tighten.  I could feel gobs of jism gushing into my ass. 
Stream after stream hit my inner walls and before I knew it they had zoomed in
on my measly cock and shot after shot of sperm was emptying from my cockhead. 
It was a strange sensation because with each shot of sperm I tightened my
asshole feeling a gigantic cockhead buried deep into my body. I was impaled on
this gigantic cock being humiliated in front of thousands of people and without
any human touch I was having a long wonderful orgasm.  My contents continued to
spill from my cockhead as I heard many comments.  The slut loves this
degradation and humiliation, look at how he orgasms without any touch.  As the
man in my rear began sliding his cock from my ass, I felt the head rub itself
against my prostate and I felt an unbearable feeling.  I quickly realized that
it was this deep penetration that had caused me to become erect and orgasm
shamefully in front of everyone.  My cock continued to leak its fluid and I
realized that I had not only cum without a single touch, but had cum more than
I had ever cum in the past.  The process was only five percent complete,
although the other men were not quite into the same showmanship as the first
individual.  The second man, nearly 10 inches in length quickly pierced my ass
and began long thrusting his shaft into my asshole.  With each stroke I felt
his cock head brush against my prostate and again I could feel my own cock head
growing.  I was humiliated, but there was nothing I could do.  I watched in
horror as his thick prick appeared and disappeared into my slutty asshole,
splitting my asshole and causing me immense pain with each full thrust.  The
first man had spread my asshole, yet with each stroke my ass was still being
stretched in pain.  Within minutes he clenched my ass and slapped his balls
tightly against my ass letting his thick gobs of cum juice enter my body.  I
was a slut and a horror, being subjected to the most unthinkable treatment
imaginable, yet I feared if I did not obey there would be more severe
punishment.  I continued to watch stranger after stranger take turns fucking
and devirginizing my asshole.  Cock after cock slid in and out of my ass
causing me greater pain with each stroke.  My asshole was becoming raw and I
feared that this horrifying fucking would never end.  When number ten finally
removed his cum drenched prick from my ass, my mistress called for time.  She
zoomed the camera towards my tight butthole and smacked my right asscheek. 
Your opening appears in tight working order slave--although probably filled to
the hilt with jism, your tight little brown hole prevents leaking.  I am proud
of you slaveboy, now if you can hold ten more cum shots into that tight hole
without spilling then your evening will come to a close with only a minor
surprise.  Again lets began.  With that number eleven took his place and
roughly pierced my asshole with his 11 inch member.  He shoved only his cock
head into my ass and then removed the head to let everyone see how it was
already wet.  I feared this as my asshole was not only feeling raw and
sensitive, but now it was beginning to feel full like an enema.  Before much
thought his cock again pierced my cum lubricated ass and his full member shoved
its way inside.  I felt his balls slap my ass and again I knew that I was close
to yet another orgasm.  I had already a couple and this would be my third.  The
crowd chanted, slut and horror in unison while the camera closed in on my
scrawny five inch cock as thin streams of jism again emerged from my fully
erect cock head.  My cum shots were lessening with each orgasm and this orgasm
in particular felt much more uncomfortable then the previous ones which already
had there share of peculiarity.  The camera quickly closed in again on the
domineer and his cock lunged in and out of my still tight ass.  He finally
tensed his body and shot his cum fluid deep into my ass.  I could not feel the
cum emptying from the men anymore as my ass was filled with thick cum fluid. 
That feeling had subsided after the first few men.  The process continued, cock
after cock fucked my tiny hole stretching it and causing me horrific pain.  Yet
after each manhandling, I was able to tighten my hole and prevent any cum fluid
from leaving my asshole with the exception of the excess fluid remaining on the
aggressors' cocks.  The crowd cheered as my mistress called number 20.  I was
feeling raw and sore and it was difficult to clench my ass.  I feared that my
muscles would give and that my asshole would open resulting in failure on my
part.  I could not be subjected to any more torture.  This had been the most
embarrassing humiliating degrading night that I could ever imagine and I just
wanted it to come to an end, literally.  The final prick came into view and
although it was not as long as the others it was by far the thickest.  It
looked as round as a baseball bat and I wondered if this might kill me.  Again
before I could give it much thought, his thick massive prick plunged its way
into my asshole.  He maintained a steady pace pulling his cock nearly all the
way out and then shoving his massive member all of the way inside.  With each
stroke I cried in pain as his cock deeply penetrated my asshole causing an
abundance of squishy sounds.  In and out his cock plunged into my ass for
nearly thirty minutes as the crowd cheered.  Split the horror in half they
cheered.  Finally I could see that he could hold it no longer he lunged and
tensed and in unison I began to cum for my fourth time.  My cock felt as dry as
the Sahara, while my ass was flowing like the Nile.    He was still for nearly
a minute dumping every last drop of prick juice into my tender asshole.  He
withdrew his member and I nearly pushed the cock juice from my asshole.  Still
I maintained one last squeeze and I tightened my asscheeks for all they were
worth.  My master approached and ferociously slapped my ass.  She ran a finger
between my asscrack and then with two hands gently pulled my asscheeks apart. 
I clenched for all I was worth and I saw that my tight butthole remained
closed.  She congratulated me, you have accomplished this task slave, like I
knew that you could.  I am a little surprised at how much you enjoyed this
treatment slave.  Was that not four orgasms I counted that your measly prick
unleashed.  Yes master I replied quietly.  Well like I promised slave you have
one, no make that two minor task before your night concludes.  With that my
head was undone, a buttplug was shoved into my ass to prevent the cum from
leaking and I was given the wine glass full of cum that had previously been
deposited into my eager cock-sucking mouth.  Drink up sissy, my Master ordered.
 The crowd began cheering and I could not believe my eyes.  I was staring into
a full glass of thick sticky cum.  With not other choice, I lifted the glass to
my lips and began to drink down the disgusting fluid.  Gulp after gulf of this
salty liquid went down my throat and after at least ten swallows the last
droplets slowly leaked from the wine glass into my slut filled mouth.  For my
second task, I was laid on my back and my legs were shoved over my head in a
half summersault position.  Finally, my now hard cock was pulled tight against
my belly.  This slut here loves all the degradation, my master commented, look
at how his small prick has again become erect.  She then ordered me, in front
of all these fine people I want you to beg me to remove the buttplug so you can
enjoy the taste of your assjuice mixed with the sperm of twenty men.  I felt
horrified as my ass was positioned perfectly over my mouth.  The removal of the
plug would let gravity do its thing and all the fuck fluid in my ass would drop
to my awaiting lips.  You will beg slave unless you want this night to
continue.  I desperately wanted the night to come to a close and therefore, I
begged.  Please master remove the plug so that my eager awaiting mouth may
enjoy the salty cum previously deposited in my ass mixed with my ass juices
conjured during the forceful fucking session that I so enjoyed.  With that she
pulled the plug and instantaneously cum began streaming from my asshole.  Thick
gobs of cum emptied from my ass and each drop fell strategically into my
stretched awaiting mouth.  I gulped and gulped as salty hot jism continued
filling my mouth and throat.  I tightened my buttcheeks slightly to slow the
flow as I began to gag and was harshly whipped across my ass.  Let the juice
flow slaveboy unless you want more punishment.  The crowd watched in amazement
and I eagerly continued to gobble down cum juice.  My ass refused to slow and
sticky hot fluid exited in a steady flow.  I gulped and swallowed taking as
much down my throat as I could, but ample amounts of this thick warm sticky
fluid leaked from my mouth onto my lips face and neck.  I gulped and gulped for
nearly a full minute until the stream became thinner and eventually the flow
subsided.  Still large droplets of cum emerged from my now stretched asshole
and found their way into my eager mouth.  After another ten minutes all flow
had stopped and my master shoved two fingers inside my tender ass.  She rimmed
my entire asshole and then removed her fingers with a loud pop.  She shoved the
fingers into my mouth giving me the last remnants of cum she could find.  I
eagerly licked her fingers clean and the taste was nearly unbearable as I
gagged.  Send this horror slut to bed my master ordered and with that I was led
away.  I felt very queasy and the thought of having 31 cum shots buried deep in
my stomach was the most humiliating and degrading thought.  Just before I was
out of sight, my master yelled to me, causing a loud laughter in the room. 
Tomorrow these thick cocks you have become accustomed to will be offered to
your lovely wife.  She will choose between your measly five inch cock or a
truly satisfying cock.  I was horrified, I screamed, don't bring my wife into
this, please master, no.  I struggled and freed myself and began charging my
master when a number of gentlemen tackled me and cuffed my hands and legs.  I
promise you slave, your wife will not be forced, she will willfully choose
these delicious cocks on her own.  With that she slapped me across the face,
removed a shot from her bag and pierced my arm with it.




Dom Sam

Part 7

The next day  
I awoke to a horrible feeling the next morning, my ass was aching with severe
pain and my mouth and tongue were both sore as well.  I felt disgusted and
humiliated at what had happened the night before.  I had been devirginized by
twenty individuals and I had gulped down the sperm of thirty-two men.  And
these were not regular men, but men with enormous cum filled cocks.  I was
suddenly struck across the face, quit daydreaming and get up slave, it is time
to bathe you, you fucking horror slut.  I was immediately shoved to the ground,
a chain was attached around my neck and I was led on my knees to the bathing
room, where the normal routine occurred.  The only incident that was not usual
was the scrubbing and reaming they gave my ass.  The two masters bathing me
kept laughing, we need to clean your dirty cum filled ass you fucking horror
slut.  We saw how much you enjoyed yourself last night cumming and cumming
without your cock ever being manipulated.  You are the slutiest horror we have
seen come through these doors.  I felt disgusted and embarrassed.  I did not
enjoy the treatment I was subjugated to last night, there was just a certain
inner organ being manipulated that caused me to cum time after time.  Then I
suddenly remembered what was last said to me before I was drugged, and now
being repeated to me by one of my masters.  Imagine if you came that many times
without being touched, how your wife will feel after being stuffed in both
holes with those enormous cocks, your measly cock will never again satisfy your
wife.  I jumped up just to be brutally shoved down by one of my masters.  I
knew I could take both of these women and again lunged.  Immediately, another
woman entered with a viewerscreen and yelled for me to watch.  Slave, quit your
resisting and watch or she will harmed.  I glanced at the screen in horror.  It
was my wife being led around the outside gardens.  I was motionless and
speechless.  Your wife has been asked to come here to examine your progress as
a true slave.  If you do not obey our every command, your wife will be
subjected to severe torture, is that understood.  I give you my word that you
need only obey our orders until 12:00 midnight if your wife feels the same way
you do.  At 12:00 midnight, your wife will choose you as either a husband or as
a slave.  If she chooses the first option, you will be able to leave this
premises, never to look back on this horrific experience.  If she chooses the
latter, another option will be presented to her.  The option that will
accompany this latter answer will be for her to be permanently initiated into
the slave trade like yourself, choose permanent domination as her way of life,
or choose slavery for a trial period.  The second choice will mean you are
equals, but present here only for the pleasure of others.  You will remain
married in context, and you will remain living together, but you will not be
allowed to have sex with each other, to your dismay not hers, and you will
spend every weekend and other special called upon times as slaves, in sexual
nature and any other way deemed fit for slaves.  I imagine with your wife's
looks that her slavery will consist primarily of sexual performance.  If she
chooses the first option, then she will be your master.  You will obey her
every order and if you do not obey she will get rid of you as would any other
master.  The third option is a bit tricky and will be presented to her as such.
 If she chooses a slavery trial period, then the next 48 hours will be spent in
the most severe degrading, humiliating and disgusting situations possible.  The
choice is hers, but if you do not follow every order obediently until midnight,
then both you and her will be permanently harmed, is that understood slut.  Yes
master I responded.  My next thought was that all I had to do was to make it
until midnight.  I knew my wife would choose the situation we were previously
in, being husband and wife with no other barriers and this experience would
come to an end.

  I looked up to see the clock was sitting at 12 noon and I was astonished that
my masters had let me sleep in for such a long period of time.  Twelve more
hours I thought to myself.  I continued to watch the screen as my gorgeous wife
was led around the gardens which were in fact very pretty.  She walked with the
lady of the house and my head master who were both complete knockouts, as was
everyone on the premises.  I wondered to myself where the camera must be
because the picture was clear and it appeared as though someone were right next
to them filming them, but I knew that was not the case.  I felt relieved a bit
as my wife smiled a number of times during the conversation.  I was curious as
to what thoughts must be going through her head and how worried she must still
be.  My wife was led into the mansion, and still the camera maintained its
unusual proximity.  I was pleased at how my wife looked.  She wore a light tan
sundress that was sheer enough to slightly see through.  I could make out that
she was wearing a bra and a pair of g-string panties, as usual.  I was
surprisingly becoming aroused, even after the horrible things that had taken
place.  I again thought about this evening and how things would soon be back to
normal, I would never tell her all the miserable encounters I suffered through.
 They continued to walk down a long corridor and suddenly I was yanked from the
screen.  I again was ordered to kneel, a collar was attached to my neck and
they laughed humorous size of my now semi-erect penis as they initiated the
walking process.  My walk was short as they led me to a viewing room in which I
again could see the two talking and getting comfortable with one another.  I
now could here their voices and my masters allowed me to sit down in a chair
and watch.  The head master was explaining to my wife how much I was enjoying
the discipline I was learning, "It is truly amazing how much he enjoys being
humiliated and degraded, he is a true sex slave and I truly believe this is his
calling.   I was flabbergasted at what was being told to my wife, but I felt
comfortable as she listened skeptically.  "If you choose and can stomach the
embarrassment, we can watch some of the obedience your husband has been
subjected to?"  My wife nodded yes seeming a bit unnerved.  A million thoughts
were running through my head as one of my masters spoke, for your sake your
wife gets to see you on film before she sees the real thing, would you rather
her be completely shocked this evening.  I knew that this evening would be a
difficult trial for both my wife and I, seeing me perform as a sexual slave,
but I knew we could get through this evening and past this humiliating
experience.  I still felt terror as there still had been no mention of men when
she spoke of the experiences I had encountered.  If you desire to see your
husband performing as a sexual slave, I will be happy to accommodate you, I
just want you to expect to see your husband in a different light.  My wife
again nodded yes and I was feeling terrified at the thoughts that would soon be
racing through my wife's head.  Would she run away, would she cry, would she be
disgusted and never want me back again.  I felt horrified, I knew that this
moment would have to someday be addressed, but I was hoping I could get past it
myself before I brought my wife into this nightmare.  I kept wishing that time
would race and everything would be normal again.  The head master again began
speaking to my wife, if you desire to watch your husband, I need to ask that
you remove all of your clothing and place on our clothing before entering the
viewing room.  In addition, for medical reasons, we must hook a few wires to
your chest.  What you will be viewing may be quite a shock to you and our rules
are for your own protection.  My wife replied, "This is absurd, but I will be
happy to comply.  The headmaster motioned my wife to a dressing room and threw
a clear white gown over the top of the door.  The camera was immediately in the
dressing room and we watched as my wife quickly removed her sundress.  My wife
called out, everything including my bra and underwear, yes everything called
out the headmaster.  My wife removed her bra and panties and again my cock was
standing at full attention.  My wife was gorgeous and had a magnificent body. 
Perky wonderful tits and a tight waist and ass.  She quickly began dressing in
what appeared to be a tight hospital gown.  The gown was see-through and my
wife had to stretch the garment while she climbed into it.  She exited the
dressing room looking dynamite.  You could see the brunette curls of her mound
through the skin-tight gown.  If you believe you can handle this we can skip
the wires.  My wife nodded in near appreciation and they sat down.  The light
was dimmed slightly, but we could still get a clear view of both my wife and
the headmaster and a few other girls joined them to my wife's astonishment. 
The two other girls were too dressed in the garments and sat just one seat from
my wife as this mini theatre sat only six.  The tape began rolling, and at the
top the tape read day one.  Immediately, there I was at the first adult shop
where my wife had just dropped me off.  The film rolled slow as it showed me
bending over to accommodate my masters that first day.  I bent over and spread
my legs and I remembered that thought as my wife viewed me becoming erect.  I
was calm, because I remember how excited my wife felt that day seeing me
dressed up as a girl, so how could she be surprised that I was still hard in
that shop.  My wife watched, but did not appear overly surprised.  The tape
kept rolling and next was the large black man standing in front of me and dick
slapping each of my cheeks.  My wife gazed in amazement as the large cock swung
from side to side smacking my cheeks.  Viewing the footage now was nearly as
horrifying as the actual experience and even more so with my wife watching as
well.  The next footage was shocking to both my wife and I.  There I was
crawling around under the table and the sound suddenly became clearer.  I was
begging to serve and please each of the ladies at the breakfast table.  The
camera angels were magnificent and must have been placed very strategically in
anticipation for this event as well as all the events because I was aware of
only one time being filmed and it was the previous night in which I watched my
asshole being ripped apart by cock after cock after cock.  My wife watched
still in a trance at what was taking place with her husband.  I moved from
woman to woman begging each of them to let me lick their delicious wet cunts. 
All of the orders I received were cut from the tape and it appeared as though I
was just begging on my own.  I kept looking for my wife's reaction, but she was
mesmerized and expressionless.  The footage jumped a bit from what I remember
and there I was lapping a woman's pussy while it was that time of the month.  I
licked and sucked and watching the film made me queasy and my wife started to
show some expression.  Her eyes were held wide open in surprise at my
procedure.  The footage then reversed and went back to my initial night.  I was
on stage bent over backwards as my ass and balls were being shaved.  My eyes
shifted from my wife's to the two other strange women in the room.  They had
lifted their gowns and were both manipulating each others clits while they
maintained eye connection with the screen.  My wife was one seat away, but her
eyes appeared to be in a different world.  Immediately my wife squirmed in her
seat and this surprised me.  Immediately the footage forwarded to me begging to
suck and be fucked by two phalluses.  My wife was swallowing hard as she
watched me wrap my lips around the rubber cock and suck for all I was worth. 
She again squirmed in her seat and I realized she was getting turned on.  I
watched as she zeroed in on every frame.  The rubber cock was slammed into my
ass and I clinched as I watched my wife writhing in her chair.  I quickly
glanced at the other two women as they quickened their pace at each others'
clits.  My wife's eyes opened wider if at all possible as the fake jism was
shot into my mouth and along my lips face and cheeks.  I was stunned watching
myself eagerly lap up each droplet of loose sperm with my mouth.  The next
footage forwarded to the biker bar.  There I was in a sixty-nine position with
one master while she was being reamed by a biker.  My tongue randomly licked at
his balls with each long stroke until instantaneously he removed his gigantic
black cock and began dumping his cum all over my mouth face and cheeks.  My
wife was now in a slow rhythm on the chair and I was stunned at how she was
reacting to this degradation and humiliation I was being subjected to.  The
footage was quickly forwarded to the circle jerk in which I begged the men to
splash their hot sticky fluid all over my face.  Stream after stream of jism
coated my face as these large black cocks emptied themselves.  My wife quickly
tilted her head back as I knew she was having her first orgasm.  I began to
feel uneasy about the enjoyment my wife was getting out of my punishment, yet
each scene portrayed me begging for humiliation.  The headmaster smiled
directly into the camera knowing that I was watching as my wife continued
subtly rubbing her clitoris against the seat.  The seat was specifically
designed for this as there was a cheek separator that allowed each asscheek to
slide down a bit and the front of the chair curved up at the crotch for easy
rubbing action.  The next footage jumped back to the first night in which I was
bent backwards and I was begging to lick at my own cum.  When they finally
allowed me to jack-off, I took hold of my cock and within a few strokes shots
of sperm exited my now measly looking cock onto the floor. After showing
numerous frames of these massive black pricks, mine looked very underdeveloped.
 I began feeling a little jealous that my wife was watching these black hunks
taking advantage of me.  The headmaster asked my wife, is that enough or do you
want to see more.  Surprisingly, my wife quickly responded more, lets keep
watching.  The next frame immediately horrified me as this showed the beginning
of horror night.  My wife watched in anticipation as the first man approached
my mouth and dropped his pants.  I quickly took his gigantic cock into my mouth
and began bobbing my head for all I was worth.  My wife watched as black cock
after black cock entered my mouth and splashed there long streams of jism down
my throat.  Again my wife slightly moaned for what I believed to be her second
orgasm.  Still she watched in a trance.  Next was my other hole.   They
increased the sound as I begged the first entrant to shove his thick manly
cockhead deep inside of my asshole.  My wife quickly glanced at the headmaster
to make sure she would not notice and slowly placed her hand against the gown
and began manipulating her clitoris at a discreet pace.  The headmaster
commented, I will be right back and my wife quickly moved her hand away as
though she was doing nothing.  The headmaster grabbed the other two women and
left the room.  My wife quickly replaced her hand and furiously began rubbing
at her clit.  Cock after cock pumped into my ass and my wife watched in
amazement as the camera focused in on my measly looking cock.  It was rock hard
and as the man shoved his organ deep into my ass she watched as my cock
responded and began shooting its fluid onto the floor.  Each of the next frames
were the men that caused me to orgasm and it looked as though four straight
guys caused me to orgasm as they roughly fucked my virgin ass.  My wife
continued watching in a trance as both of her hands worked wonders on her
clitoris.  The gown was long and my wife feared that the headmaster would catch
her, otherwise I'm sure she would have lifted up her gown and really went to
work.  The last frame caused my wife to lunge forward in amazement as my legs
were bent over my head and my cum filled ass began leaking into my eagerly
awaiting mouth.  She arched her head in anguish never taking her eyes off the
screen as she came for her eighth or ninth time of the film.  The tape was over
and my wife quickly adjusted her gown as though nothing had happened.  The
headmaster entered and asked for my wife's thoughts.  My husband did all of
this on his own, she asked.  Your husband is a true slave like I said before,
he truly likes the humiliation and the degradation he is subjected to.  You can
see in real life this evening and you may partake in the orders if you wish.  I
just cannot believe what I just saw, my wife commented.  Did you enjoy it?  I'm
not sure.  Well by the looks of your gown and your seat, it sure does appear
so.  My wife looked down as the lights were turned up and it looked as though
she had pissed all over the place.  Her gown was soaking, in fact the wetness
has soaked through the gown and had soiled the seat.  My wife was embarrassed
and shyly looked away.  Don't be shy it appears your husband has been enjoying
himself and so should you.  Would you like to watch more of these sexual
encounters.  My wife did not respond.  A pause went by and as the headmaster
began to stand by until my wife responded yes.  Would you like to watch more of
your husband or other males being treated as slaves.  My wife looked away and
answered my husband.  The headmaster again flipped on the film and then went
over to an empty chair.  She manipulated the controls on the side of the chair
and suddenly a phallus erected from the seat.  The phallus was black in color
and approximately six inches in length.  She asked my wife to approach and she
demonstrated the phallus movements.  With each button, the phallus responded
differently.  The phallus grew both in width and length and with another touch
the phallus was moving emphatically in circular motions.  The headmaster
reached for my wife's gown and slowly began lifting it over her head.  My wife
responded by raising her arms and letting the gown slip over her head.  The
gown slipped from my wife's outstretched fingertips and the head master
released letting the gown slowly fall to the ground.  You have a sensational
body, why don't you place yourself in a chair and enjoy the show.  Mt wife sat
down on an empty chair and began viewing the frames.  The first footage
revealed me receiving a rough spanking while being bent and tied over a device.
 The sound was clear and there I was begging to be spanked.  Whip me master
whip my undisciplined ass, make me succumb to your every order.  I am a true
slave who needs your discipline.  The headmaster left the room and reminded my
wife to enjoy herself.  My wife was shivering in her seat, her perky breasts
were rock hard and she quickly reached for the side of the seat.  She scooted
in her seat, positioning herself over the soon to be erect phallus.  A button
was pushed and my wife rose with the phallus letting only the tip of the
plastic cock touch her already puffy pussy lips.  She reached down and used her
fingers to spread her cunt lips apart and there was already an accumulation of
her pussy juices flowing.  She let gravity do its part and she lowered herself
on the black cock as she watched my ass being whipped again and again.  The
black cock split her pussy lips and she groaned as the phallus filled her tight
hole.  The next footage had me begging for cock.  I was blindfolded and on my
knees and as my master counted, I chased around on my knees not knowing
directions.  I quickly lunged and managed to get my mouth around a massive
sized cock head.  I quickly began bobbing my head on this delicious cock,
licking and sucking for all I was worth.  My wife was loving this show, she
played with the buttons and quickly began swinging her head back and forth. 
She was bouncing on her seat and when she lifted, I could see she had increased
the size and motion of this fake cock.  She lifted herself nearly nine inches
off of the phallus and the tip of the cock was still not in view.  I felt
embarrassed that my wife was enjoying this black phallus which was much larger
then my own cock.  Still I watched in amazement as she bounced on this black
thick veined monster moaning with pleasure.  Still her eyes stayed focused on
the show in front of her.  Frame after frame of me sucking large cocks.  Taking
cum shot after cum shot on my face and in my mouth.  My face was entirely
coated with cum and then it jumped to my other hole.  My ass was reamed over
and over by different cocks, all of them gigantic in width and length. 
Finally, as my wife continued moaning and groaning, the most humiliating frame
of all appeared.  There I was with a number of gentlemen surrounding me all of
which were taking their turns pissing all over me.  The worst of it all was
that my cock was standing at full attention.  Thick warm streams of fluid
emerged from these limp 10 inch cocks and each demonstrated there dominance
over me.  As my wife threw her head back the head master and three other
gentlemen entered the room unnoticed to my wife.  She kept bouncing and moaning
until the vibrator was instantly turned off.  My wife glanced up in shock and
tried to cover herself.  Her face was beet red and she feared removing herself
from the phallus in front of these individuals.  So she sat there as covered as
she could be asking the headmaster to leave with these gentlemen.  The
headmaster ordered the men to remove their clothing and within seconds each man
had lowered their pants revealing magnificent sized cocks before my wife. 
These black men were all muscular and each had a limp dick in excess of 8
inches.  Each was thick and each stood their expressionless as my wife lifted
her head to get a better view of what was taking place.  The headmaster again
spoke, gentlemen get those cocks hard immediately and honey, motioning to my
wife, please remove yourself from that phallus.  My wife was fully embarrassed,
but did as she was told.  I watched in astonishment as she slid her soaking wet
pussy of the phallus giving everyone full view of the 12 inch plastic cock.  My
you sure enlarged that cock.  My wife again shyed away in embarrassment.  Would
you like to have these men take advantage of your body so you to can enjoy the
pleasure of black cock like your husband has.  My wife glanced at the cocks,
they were now all hard as ordered and the smallest cock was at least 10 inches
in length and nearly 4 inches in diameter.  My wife shook her head no and the
headmaster began ordering the men from the room.  I was relieved as the men
departed from the room.  Around here you seldom get second chances so next time
you have an offer, I suggest you spend more time deciding.  She motioned for my
wife to watch the tape and the film showed each of the men just removed from
the room dominating me.  One had his thick cock buried in my throat and with
each stroke he would remove his cock, slap the monster against my cheek and
then roughly shove the unit back inside my throat.  The second was ferociously
plugging my asshole with his gigantic cock.  He would take steady strokes
letting eight or nine inches enter my ass then he would fully remove his cock
and roughly slam the entire 12 inches of cock deep into my ass causing me to
groan.  The two treated me like a cheap slut as their cocks became synchronized
and swiftly slammed themselves into each orifice. I felt as though one large
cock had shoved its way through my entire body.  They roughly continued to fuck
me until I nearly passed out and instantly the man in my mouth withdrew his
member and let his jism emerge onto my face.  Stream after stream of hot jism
drenched and coated every part of my face.  He continued jerking his black
thick veined cock until the last drop had spilled upon me.  The man in my ass
quickly removed his cock and quickly replaced his cock into my mouth.  I could
taste a mix of his precum and the wretched fluids of my ripped asshole.  As he
thrust his cock in and out of my mouth the third member shoved his long twelve
inch cock deep into my anal cavity.  I could feel him slamming my inner walls
and I moaned in both pleasure and pain.  The man in my mouth again repeated the
steps by removing his cock and jacking himself off onto my face.  Cmon slave
take every last drop of my spunk.  You are a true slut who enjoys being
humiliated and degraded like this.  His hot cum dumped itself onto my face and
streams began sliding down off my chin.  The man at my rear entrance picked me
up using his hands and his cock and he was holding me up while he slammed his
cock deep into my asshole.  I was impaled upon his throbbing member and he
would lift my ass away from his cock letting his twelve inches out of my ass
then he would drop my body letting gravity slam my body back onto his thick
cock pole.  He repeated this procedure until he began moaning and he increased
the pace letting my ass slide its way down his monstrous pole.  My cock was
about to explode and with one final drop both he and I began to cum in full
force.  Being in the position I was my cock spurted again and again letting its
contents dump itself on my stomach while he continued thrusting his gigantic
organ deep into my ass.  I felt his loads of jism being shot deep into my ass
and when he was finally done he lowered me to the floor ordered me to my knees
while he shoved his spent cock deep into my throat.  I licked and sucked on his
monstrous cock and he grabbed the back of my head tilted it and shoved 9 inches
of cock down my throat.  I began to gag but he continued pumping his thick
member into my throat.  I tasted the saltiness of his cum mixed with my ass
juice and I nearly threw up.  I continued to clean his member until he was
fully satisfied.  The tape was quickly shut off and the headmaster spoke to my
wife, see what you missed in those magnificent cocks.  My wife blushed, but did
not respond.  The headmaster led my wife out of the room and let my wife cloth
herself in her black thong panties and sundress, but did not allow her to wear
her bra.  They walked down the hall to the eating room where I imagined lunch
would now be served.  After lunch, my wife was led to a room where the same two
black men that had previously been offered to her stood.  The four of them, my
mistress my wife, and the two men, waited as I was led into the room.  I was
dressed in a pair of black panties, a black bra.  My nails had been painted ,
my hair again removed from my body and my lips had been coated with a bright
red lipstick.  I was told that if I spoke and/or disobeyed, that my wife and I
would both be severely punished.  I was led into the room my two more
mistresses and three large thick black men.  Gina then began to speak, Slave
Paul, your wife has viewed your acts of submission and knows the true slut and
slave that you are.  We will have you perform for her in person and then it
will be her choice whether to take you back and head home though nothing has
happened.  With that, Gina ordered me on my knees.  Open your mouth slave and
beg two of the black men two double fuck your open holes while your lovely wife
watches.  I was so humiliated, but knew there was no other option if I wanted
to have things back to normal again.  Therefore, with little hesitation I
begged for two men to roughly take me, please will two of the men in this room
roughly take advantage of my body.  I want my mouth and ass fucked good for my
lovely wife to see the slut that I have become.  Two large men approached and
ordered me to remove their pouched underwear with my teeth.  As I took hold of
the first pair of briefs and slowly slid them down, I heard my wife gasp as the
large cock sprung from the cotton and hit me in the nose and face.  His cock
was huge, probably 10 inches semi-erect.  He took hold of the member while I
removed his briefs and then ordered my face back near his cockhead.  He dick
slapped me numerous times to both degrade and humiliate me, but also to show my
wife what a submissive I had become.  My cock was becoming erect, stretching
the black silky material of my thong panties and Gina pointed that out to all
spectators, including my gorgeous wife.  I then moved on to the other
individual and again performed the same task of removing his briefs.  His cock
too was gigantic and was probably 8 inches completely soft.  Why don't you get
them both hard with your experienced cock sucking tongue slave Paul, Mistress
Gina ordered.  Glancing embarrassed at my wife, I moved close to the first man
and licked the tip of his cock with my tongue.  I stretched my mouth wide and
tried to shove as much of his cock in my throat as I could.  I wanted this
humiliation to stop as soon as possible.  I continued deep throating the
individual until his cock had grown fully erect in my mouth.  I could barely
fit his monster inside of my mouth without gagging, but I continued my cock
sucking duties.  When I felt as though he were hard and hopefully close, I
moved on to the next individual who was completely soft.  His eight inches soft
looked huge and I feared how thick he would get when he was hard.  I placed his
head into my mouth, paying special  attention to the underside of his meat.  I
played with his balls as I milked his cock with my mouth.  I felt him swell
inside my mouth and my cheeks and lips stretched to accommodate his massive
member.   He continued to grow until his cock was nearly 13 inches in length. 
Both of these cocks looked and felt like the biggest I had experienced in my
short period of being a slave.  I now begged the men to fuck both of my holes
while my dear wife watched me get fucked and stretched. 




Dom Sam

Part 8

 I began sliding down my panties off when one of the men said, I want you to
keep those on - I will pull them to one side to gain access to your eager boy
pussy.   Gina ordered me to look at my wife as I got on all fours ready for the
assault on my body.  SAM was smiling and I could tell she was enjoying herself.
 She had moved a finger to her pussy and was manipulating her clitoris.  Gina
then asked if SAM wanted this to stop or if SAM was interested in more of what
a sissy I had become.  I took a breath of relief until I hear SAM say to
continue.  Gina smiled and then ordered me to perform for my wife.  I was
shocked and had to be told again.  Both men stepped forward and simultaneously
plugged my holes with their oversized cock meat.  The cock in my mouth
stretched my lips as wide as they could and the man grabbed the back of my head
and gagged the back of my throat with his huge black member while the person
behind me slammed his bulbous cockhead deep into my ass with no lubrication. 
My ass was extremely sore and the pain was like no other.  I moaned loudly, or
as loudly as a person can with a massive erection in their mouth.  Again these
experienced men had me believing that one cock was being pushed through my
entire body.  They were in unison and I was being stuffed like the Thanksgiving
day turkey.  It had been nearly 15 minutes of fucking and sucking when I felt
both bodies in front and back tensing.  At this feeling I felt my won cock
erupting in my panties - I hope that Gina nor my wife would be able to catch
this humiliating occurrence, but the black man in my ass reached around and
felt my wet panties and as he unloaded his seed into my ass was commenting how
I had cum in my panties.  This was too much for the guy in my mouth as his cock
begin unloading shot after shot of cum juice deep into my throat.  For what
seemed like minutes cum flowed into my holes.  Finally after swallowing the
majority of cum  from the cock in my mouth, he pulled out letting streams of
jism empty themselves from my mouth onto my lips chin and neck.  The man slowly
withdrew his cock from my ass and quickly pulled my thong panties deep into my
crack to keep the fluid from dripping to the floor.  After a minute of kneeling
on all fours, Gina finally spoke, well SAM it is now your choice to leave now
or play a little yourself.  The offer still stands with those magnificent black
men over there and she motioned to the individuals who had been offered to her
in the theatre.  SAM then surprisingly said I would like to see my husband
degraded more by eating the cum from his panties, both his own and the man who
came in his slutty ass.  I was both shocked and humiliated that this was coming
from my wife's mouth.  Then I would love to experience these gentlemen, the
same way my husband has, but I request that he be placed underneath me to see
close up the events that take place.  With that, Gina ordered me to stand and
spread my legs so that my panties would catch the cum leaking from my ass.  She
had me bend over and she shoved the panties deep into my ass trying to clean
the remaining jism from my asshole.  She then had me remove the panties and she
had my wife SAM hold them in front of my face to clean them.  SAM first held
the crotch to my mouth and said, first taste your own cum that you spilled
while getting fucked in front of me.    I cleaned and licked my cum from the
panties feeling extremely humiliated and then she shuffled the panties so that
the cum that had been deposited from my ass was now within inches from my face
and tongue.  Now lick the cum that was left in your slutty ass slave Paul, my
wife said seductively.  My cock again became hard during this event and Gina
pointed that event out to my wife as I licked and sucked the cum from my
panties.  When I had finished, I was, tied face up on the floor with my face
inches from my wife's pussy.  Before I knew it, an eleven inch thick black cock
came into clear view just inches from my face and inches from my wife's already
soaked pussy.  SAM, I could hear was sucking a sizeable cock and was eagerly
awaiting her pussy being filled.  I feared that this event would be the end of
our fuck sessions as the cock about to penetrate my wife was more than double
the size of my puny cock and Gina pointed that out just as I was thinking it. 
Well SAM what do you want, Gina asked.  SAM must have removed her mouth from
the cock because I heard her order the cock just inches from my face to shove
the cock head into her eagerly awaiting pussy.  With that, and one shove later,
I saw this gigantic cock just inches from my face lunge deep into my wife's
cunt.  Her lips stretched and stretched to accommodate this monster and I heard
her moan through the cock in her mouth.  He removed the four inches from her
cunt and then lunged forward again shoving at least eight inches deep inside of
her.  She was moaning and I could see her shake with her first orgasm.  I could
not believe that she had already gotten off - she rarely had an orgasm with me
inside of her and when she did it took a long time and was never very powerful.
 The man sensed her orgasms and the additional lubrication caused him to lunge
completely inside of her, burying his entire 10+ inches deep into her eager
pussy.  He began puncturing my wife's cunt swiftly and then again he stopped.  
He shoved into her slowly again and her lips pushed inward as he drove his
monstrous shaft just an inch deep into her.  He pushed harder and another few
inches disappeared into my wife's cunt.  His balls rubbed lightly across my
nose and forehead and I watched in shock and amazement.  He withdrew and
quickly stabbed my wife's pussy again driving nearly seven inches of cock deep
into my wife.  My wife screamed in excitement as another orgasm shot through
her body as his shaft punctured her tight pussy.  I watched in amazement as his
cock again withdrew from my wife.  Inch after inch appeared before me and I
wondered how all of that had fit into my wife.  As the head slipped from my
wife, the large black man grabbed his cock and wiped the thick veined member
across my face.  See how your wife enjoys my magnificent cock.  See how wet she
is cum sucker.  The man dick slapped each cheek once and again took aim.  I had
never been so humiliated in my life.  This man was fucking my wife, dick
slapping me and there was nothing I could do about it.  He positioned his large
shaft against my wife's now dripping slit and with one quick thrust shoved  his
entire prick into my wife.  My wife let out a moan and I feared that she was
being torn apart.  He withdrew four inches and again slammed back into her,
this time his entire 10+ inch cock was again submerged into my wife and I
watched in awe.  His balls rubbed against my face and my mistress ordered me to
lick his sweaty nuts as he fucked my wife.  I refused.  Instantly my mistress
roughly took hold of my cock and said, if you do not suck his balls while he
fucks your willing wife then I will line a number of men up to perform a
similar act until you do.  Now I am not sure your wife would mind, but I
envision that you would.  She immediately had my attention and she was correct
I would mind other men fucking my wife.  I stuck out my tongue and with each
thrust his balls slid across my awaiting tongue.  After a few minutes, the
large black man increased his motion.  He would withdrew nearly all of his cock
and then before it slipped from my wife he would slam the entire length back
into her.  I could see that her hips were now bucking and she was shoving her
pussy back into his gigantic cock with each thrust.  I was shocked and
horrified that my wife was actually enjoying getting fucked like this in front
of her husband.  For nearly ten minutes high powered fucking was occurring
inches from my face.  In fear that another man would fuck my wife, I was
licking and sucking on his balls as they slammed against my wife's body.  My
wife's body was tensing and I could she her hips shaking histyrically as she
must have been experiencing orgasm after orgasm.  Immediately the black man
withdrew his cock.  My wife screamed no please, please.  We can stop right now
if you wish miss he asked.  No please fuck me, please.  I could not believe the
comments coming out of my wife's mouth.  She was begging to be fucked by some
stranger.  Beg for me to fill your tight cunt with my cock juice, beg for me to
fill you up so that your husband can drink my cum from your freshly fucked
pussy, beg slut.  With that my wife begged, please stick that magnificent cock
deep inside me, I am a slut and I want you to fuck me hard with that
magnificent black cock, fill my cunt with your cum so that my husband can taste
the sweet juices that we have made.  I was feeling more humiliated and degraded
then ever, as the man pushed his thick large head at my wife's entrance and
began lunging forward.  Within seconds his manhood was completely buried in my
wife again and they were both bucking frantically.  Within a minute my wife was
moaning, I am cumming again, oooh, oooh, please fuck me harder.  I could not
believe this ever happening as his thick monstrous shaft was roughly slamming
against her.  My wife was shaking and moaning louder than I had ever heard her
and it appeared as though she was experiencing multiple orgasms.  I heard the
man getting his cock sucked that he was cumming and I heard my wife slurping
and sucking and I knew that she was drinking down his jism as it shot into her
throat.  Before I could think anymore about that, I viewed the balls just
inches from my face tighten.  The veins in his cock were clearly visible as he
pulled two inches of meat from my wife and I could tell he was shooting his hot
cock fluid deep into my wife and she was loving it.  Ohh God, I can feel your
beautiful cock emptying itself inside of me, my wife continued to shake and
moan and was shoving her pussy against his cock still trying to get the full
length inside of her.  Your cock is amazing, I don't want you to stop fucking
me, she yelled clearly.  I was feeling ill and could not imagine my wife
fucking another man, let alone perform the act with such vigor and joy.  After
nearly a minute of draining his cock into my wife, he withdrew his member.  As
his cock slipped from her pussy his last drops emerged from his cock onto my
face.  My wife's gaping hole was directly over my mouth and I was shocked at
how wide my wife's pussy looked.  It appeared that he had stretched her
permanently.  My wife continued to beg, please don't leave, I need more of that
black cock.  I was absolutely the most humiliated and degraded I could have
ever imagine.  Before I could gather my thoughts, the final drops of cum leaked
from his engorged cockhead onto my face.  The black man then ordered me to
quickly clean his cock of their fuck juices.  In fear of what would happen if I
disobeyed I took his member into my mouth or at least a portion that I could
fit and began lapping up their juices.  The saltiness was indescribable and he
laughed as he slowly removed his cock from my mouth.  He dick slapped my face a
number of times and then responded, thank you for letting me fuck your wife, I
definitely enjoyed her tight pussy; you definitely have not loosened her up at
all with that tiny prick of yours, he commented, adding to my humiliation and
my wife let out a slight giggle which shocked everyone and again further added
to my degradation and humiliation.  Before I could think, my mistress ordered
my wife to change from her doggy position to a squatting position over my
mouth.  Now cumslave, I want you to drink all of the fuck juices that emerges
from your wife's freshly fucked cunt and if you do a good job, I will let you
both go home.  My wife positioned herself above me and already there was cum
dripping from her wet gash.  Thick droplets of cum ran between my wife's puffy
pussy lips and into my mouth and I gulped and gulped wondering when these thick
streams of cum would subside.  After nearly a minute there was no more spilling
cum, so my mistress ordered me to suck my wife's pussy and find all the
remaining nutrition I could.  I want your wife to experience an amazing orgasm
while you drink her fuck partner's cum form her snatch.  My wife lowered
herself and my tongue split her puffy red pussy lips.  I began sucking more
juices and began flicking her love bud which was now fully erect.  Tell your
husband how much you enjoy him sucking the cum of your partner from your pussy
as you experience another orgasm.  Immediately she responded, I love the
thought of you watching and drinking the cum of my fuck partner from my pussy. 
It makes me so horny knowing that it turns you on to watch my pussy get split
open by thick black cocks and then submitting to me by drinking the cum from my
freshly fucked pussy.  My cock was now about to burst and as my wife began her
orgasm, the taste of their fuck juices and my wife's orgasm caused my cock to
erupt and the audience watched as I came without a single touch.  Cum shot from
my cock onto my stomach while I lapped up the last droplets of fuck juice from
my wife's cunt.  My mistress stood us both up, wiped the cum from my stomach
and placed her fingers in my mouth for cleaning and then presented the options
to my wife.  You can head home at this very time and the past will remain the
past with never another spoken word or you can choose to continue participation
which would mean that you will both be slaves for a short period and then you
SAM will have the option of remaining a slave or becoming a dom to your
pathetic husband.  Either way, I am going to send you both home for 48 hours at
which time I will expect an answer from you SAM.  Paul has already shown us
that he will remain a slave throughout life whether to you or his future
spouses, he is a true sissy and his measly cock will never again be able to
please a woman. My wife and I were sent home with simple commands.  You will
not perform any sexual acts, you could not please your wife anymore anyway
cumslave as she grabbed my pathetic five inches of again hard cock.  You will
both be home on Friday evening and SAM, you will be ready with your answer. 

They blindfolded us and drove us to my wife's car.  We were shoved from the van
and they quickly drove off.  I was clothed in the same pair of black thong
panties, a matching bra and high heels.  My wife was dressed similarly with a
silk robe wrapped around to cover her and her black thong panties as well.  She
quickly grabbed the keys which had also been thrown from the van and we were
off.  We did not speak the entire drive home.  I could smell my wife's cum
soaked panties which reminded me of my slut wife fucking that large black man
and I wondered what her decision would be.




Dom Sam

Part 9

The Next Morning:
The next morning I awoke next to my beautiful wife, SAM.  I was feeling very
strange and wondered, maybe hoped, that all of this had been a dream.  I lifted
the covers and could see that I was wearing the same black thong panties and I
glanced at my wife's crotch and could see the dried cum covering her silk
panties.  I knew at this very moment that life would never again be the same
for Sam and I.  I ran downstairs and made my wife coffee and toast and
proceeded to bring it up to bed.  Her eyes opened and I presented her with her
breakfast in bed.  I smiled and said, I know we have a few days to think about
our future life together, but I think we should just forget that this happened
and continue our lovely life together.  Sam looked at me and spoke, I had the
most magnificent sleep last night, let me just enjoy the moment.  I wondered
what that meant, but figured that she was probably in agreement.  I ran errand
all day trying to forget about the past and the day flew by.  I figured that
night, Sam and I would talk about the situation that I believed we previously
had agreed upon.  Thursday night came and went and Friday morning did the same.
 T was Friday at about 3:00 when I confronted my wife and said that we needed
to talk before the call came.  My wife smiled at me and then began to speak.  I
love you deeply Paul, but what I experienced the other day was more than you
could ever provide and I know by the scenes that I watched that you love being
an obedient and degraded slave.  The decision was made as soon as that
magnificent black prick slid into my wet pussy.  She reached down and felt my
cock growing in my pants and then finished her sentence, for both of us the
decision was made.   I did not know why my cock was not supporting what I was
currently feeling, but I did not want to be a slave the rest of my life and I
surely did not want other men fucking my gorgeous wife.  I went to speak and my
wife sushed me, from here on out, you will obey your new mistresses and me
only, you can no longer think for yourself when it comes your sexuality.  I
will not or at least try not to interfere in your business, Paul, but you will
succumb to any and all desires which are presented to you by either myself or
whomever I choose.  Two hours later we received the call from our Mistress and
my wife quickly put us on speaker phone.  My wife took control of the
conversation immediately, we have decided Mistress and  we have agreed that
Paul's life will be a life of servitude and obedience and I will be his Master
or Mistress, having the ability to partake in any and all relationships that I
desire.  Paul will continue to obey any and all commands that you deem
necessary Mistress and I will learn from you about the art of domination and
humiliation.  I suggest that we pursue Mistress training as soon as possible. 
Our Mistress spoke up, though I am pleased with your decision, I want to again
lay down the ground rules.  You, Sam, will be forced to be our slave as well
for a trial period where we will then present you with the opportunity of
transferring to a Mistress.  If we never deem this the appropriate path then
you and Paul will both remain our slaves for a life of slavery and obedience. 
Your daily lives will continue as normal as they can, but your free time will
become ours to do with both of you as we wish.  I have given you specific
instructions and will waste no more time with waiting for an answer, agree or
disagree?   I glanced at Sam in a bit of horror and she looked the same.  I
thought this was over when Sam quickly shouted into the phone, agreed.  We will
be by to pick you up in one hour; I want you both showered and clean.  Sam, you
can start your Mistress training by ordering your husband to again shave his
body so that no stubble is present. You, Sam are not permitted to shave, we
will clean you up but want your hair present to soak up the cum that will spill
from your stretched pussy this evening.  You both will be on your knees, naked
and will meet us at your front door in one hour sharp.  With that, our Mistress
hung up the phone.

I was in shock, but before I could contemplate anything, Sam was ordering me to
get upstairs and get shaven.  Paul, you are now my slave from here on out; you
will do as I say or your earlier performances will be distributed to your
friends and family.  I was being blackmailed by my own wife and it felt
humiliating, yet I could feel my cock growing to full erection.  Get upstairs
and shave your entire body clean and then shower up good for our Mistresses,
Sam ordered.  I quickly complied and headed upstairs to fulfill my new
responsibilities.  It did not take me long to shave my hair as days before it
had been done and little stubble had grown back.  I quickly showered and joined
my wife downstairs.  Sam then headed upstairs to take a full shower as well. 
Before she headed upstairs she ordered me to have a few drinks to loosen up and
then to wait for her on my knees at the bottom of the steps.  Again I complied.
 Before I knew it we were both waiting completely naked and on our knees at the
front door for our mistresses to arrive.

Within minutes the door was opened and there stood two beautiful Mistresses
with a box.  Lets hurry up and prepare our new slaves for this exciting
evening, one Mistress commented to the other.  I was ordered to crawl to the
other side of the room with one Mistress and she took a small handful of
clothes with her.  My Mistress first attached a leather leash to my cock and
then connected it to a leash around my neck.  I was then ordered to put on a
leather pair of thong panties with silver studs encompassing the g-string. 
Next, nipple clamps were painfully attached and then a matching studded bra was
then put in place.  I was then ordered to put on a pair of black PVC boots with
5-7 inch heels.  These went on rather difficulty and were very painful.  A
penis gag was then stuffed into my mouth  and my hands were cuffed behind my
back.  When I was through I looked across the room to see my wife dressed
identically with one exception, her crotch leash consisted of two vibrating
probes which had been stuffed into each of her holes.  By placing a probe in
each hole it secured the leash and could be yanked without each of the probes
removing themselves from my wife.  We were then ordered into the car outside. 
We both looked in shock at each other in fear that one of the neighbors might
see us.  You better hurry, one of the Mistresses ordered.  With that we each
ran out the door and scurried to the awaiting SUV.  On the other hand out
Mistresses walked slowly causing us to wait by the car as they finally
approached and opened the doors.  We entered the vehicle and were off.  

After about a half hour drive the car came to a halt and we were ordered out of
the vehicle.  We were standing outside of what appeared to be a nightclub of
some sorts.  Many of the individuals entering the bar were in bondage attire,
but what was most apparent was the fact that nearly everyone entering the club
appeared to be black men with white women.  I did not catch a glimpse of
another white male.  Each of our Mistresses took hold of our leashes and pulled
us to the entrance.  The large black bouncer commented that Doms were free this
evening, but that subs were $50 per person.  One Mistress pulled a $100 from
her purse paid and then said loudly that we were going to have to work that off
inside.  Sam and I both looked at each other wondering what that comment could
have meant.  We found a small table and our two Mistresses sat down while we
remained standing.  Drinks were ordered and within fifteen minutes Sam and I
had each had 4 shots of whiskey.  As I looked around I saw numerous dom-sub
couples and then an excess of large black men wondering the place.  I still saw
no other white male in the joint.  There was a rack in the center of the club,
which was the only well lit area and on the rack hung many whips chains,
paddles, etc.  No one occupied this rack and I wondered if that was just for
design.  The club was blasting techno music and many people were dancing.  One
Mistress left the table and was talking with an employee of the club for a few
moments and then returned. Suddenly, the music stopped and the employee came on
the speaker, we have two very special guests here this evening, a brand new
sub-husband and sub-wife have joined us this evening to celebrate their
introduction into the world of domination.  They are here with there Masters
Janet and Karen who both want their new subs to be broken in this evening. 
With that lets have a big applause as these subs our led to the RACK.  Sam and
I looked in fear at each other as one employee came over, took hold of the
leashes and then led us onto the center stage where the rack stood.  My cock
was becoming fully erect as the employee tugged at the leash and I knew that
Sam was probably dripping.  We were led into the light and the crowd cheered. 
I could hear sarcastic remarks about what a sissy I looked like dressed up in
panties, a bra and high heels.  One black woman commented on my little cock
inside of my panties.  I was feeling humiliated and I think this excited Sam
even more.  What shall we do to this submissive married couple, the employee
roared over the crowd.  The crowd cheered and offered numerous suggestions. 
Fifty strokes each said one, have volunteers from the crowd fuck the wife in
front of her husband, force the husband to suck cock in front of his wife. 
With each of these suggestions, I shook in fear and degradation.   I felt as
though Sam was smiling behind her gag.  The employee took his hand and
unsnapped the bra from my chest revealing my nipple clamps.  He yanked at them
and I cringed in pain.  He then proceeded to unsnap my panties revealing my
small hard cock to the crowd.  I heard many laughs from the crowd and heard
comments about how small I was and how lucky I must have been to land a woman
as beautiful as Sam.  Though humiliated and degraded my cock did not follow
suit and stayed rock hard.  Well we see that the husband is enjoying this
attention, let's see if the wife enjoys it as well.  With that he unsnapped my
wife's bra revealing her nipple clamps.  He pinched and twisted at he nipples
as she moaned in delight.  He then unsnapped her panties revealing the both of
her holes had been plugged.  He slowly removed the plug in her ass as she
continued moaning.  He then proceeded to remove the plug in her wet pussy and
placed the microphone near her pussy as he slipped the plug from her cunt.  It
squished as it exited her body and the crowd cheered knowing that she was
soaking wet from this display of submissiveness.  He then shoved two fingers
inside of my wife and commented to the crowd that she was extremely wet and
extremely tight.  The crowd cheered loudly and I heard many comments that
alluded to the fact that this would not be the case when the night was over. 
The attention shifted back to me as my cuffs were undone and I was ordered onto
the rack.  I though about running, but really wondered if I had any choices
left in life.  My hands were stretched out above my head and attached to
leather cuffs.  I was then bent slightly at the waist and my legs were
stretched downward and outward and then attached to similar cuffs.  My ass was
on display for all to see.  There was pressure on my lower abdomen, but my cock
was untouched and remained fully erect.  My wife was ordered into a swing seat
near my face where I saw a 6 inch black phallus sticking up from the seat.  The
crowd cheered as her cuffs were removed and she was slowly lowered down onto
the little phallus.  The cameras closed in and the viewing screens showed my
wife's pussy lips being stretched by this cock which was not much longer or
thicker than mine.  The employee commented that though my wife was dripping wet
that this small cock was still stretching her tight pussy open.  Think of the
joy the men in this bar will have tonight if their Mistresses deem so.  I
cringed at two thoughts, first having strange men fuck my wife and two, that
everyone thought this cock was small when it was bigger and thicker than mine. 
Before I could think about this further, my ass was stung with a leather whip. 
My body tensed and I felt the pain shooting through my ass.  My wife's seat was
moved closer and I was ordered to suck her wet cunt.  I obediently did so and
the employee commented that pussy licking was for a sissy white boy who could
not make a woman cum with a little cock.  Though humiliated I continued lapping
at my wife's pussy.  She was soaking and within a minute she tensed and had her
first orgasm of the evening.  As she was cumming, my ass was again struck with
either a whip or riding crop.  I could feel a welt developing immediately.  You
will continue this abuse until your wife has five orgasms, so only four more to
go.  With that the crop begin mauling my ass.  First my left cheek then my
right then I felt hands pulling my ass apart as the crop struck my crack and my
sensitive hole.  When I was about to finally pass out from the pain and
humiliation, I heard the crowd shout five as my wife wriggled in delight.  My
face was covered with her cunt juice and the crowd cheered at my pussy eating
capabilities.  My tongue was sore, but I knew that the night had just started. 
My wife was then lifted up off of the black phallus and I saw her lips spread
wide as her cunt was slowly removed.  Her juices dripped down the cock as it
popped out of her.  She was then placed on the rack as I had been and I
wondered if she would be sucking me while she was getting whipped.  Well my
thoughts were incorrect as the employee asked for 10 volunteers, all women and
all black.  The seat was positioned in front of my wife's face, but the phallus
was removed.  My wife was ordered to satisfy 5 women and I was ordered to
satisfy five women at the same time.  When both of us were finished, then my
wife's spanking would cease.  I watched closely as my wife's tongue remained in
her mouth.  The first smack struck her ass and she quickly changed her mind. 
Her tongue emerged and was stroking the black woman's clit.  As my wife
continued getting whipped her tongue increased speed and she begin eagerly
sucking at the cunt's of these strange black women.  As I heard the first woman
experiencing her orgasm, I felt my ass being penetrated.  The employee
screamed, it appears as though our submissive slave hear needs some
encouragement.  I was paying attention to my wife so closely that I had forgot
that I had to lick pussy as well.  I felt sick as the phallus that had
previously been in my wife was shoved half way into my ass.  I quickly began
lapping at the black pussy before me.  I sucked and licked, paying special
attention to her clitoris.  She continued to verbally abuse me.  Your puny cock
could not satisfy any female, so that tongue of yours better get some practice.
 She grabbed the back of my head and shoved my face into her cunt while she
rubbed up and down through her orgasm.  She then pushed me away laughing as her
cunt juice had covered my entire face.  I guess the phallus makes him eager she
said as she let the second girl position herself in front of me.  The first
woman went around to my rear and lunged forward shoving the remaining length of
the rubber cock into my ass.  The pain was immense, still I continued lapping
at the cunt in front of me.  I kept glancing at my wife and it appeared as
though she was loving this.  She was eager to lick and suck at their pussies
and I wondered how just a few short weeks ago our life was normal.  We
continued licking and sucking pussy until the ten women were fully satisfied
and the whipping suddenly stopped and the phallus was yanked from my ass.  We
were both facing the crowd as the close-up cameras showed the pussy juice
coating our faces and then welts and redness covering our asses.  What next the
employee shouted.  Let the men fuck his beautiful wife in front of him they
cheered.  The employee walked over to our Mistresses and then returned.  It has
been communicated to me that Sam the lovely wife here loves black cock and
though she has only experienced one, that I am sure she would love to
experience more.  It has also been communicated to me that Sam's sissy husband,
Paul, loves black cock as well, not only to prepare and suck them hard for his
lovely wife, but also to clean his wife after they have deposited their cum
inside of her.  The crowd was mixed with cheering and laughing and I was
feeling so humiliated.  I had seen my wife get fucked by one black man and it
still hurt me deeply and now the thought of experiencing this again and in
front of numerous people seemed to much to bear.  The employee positioned my
wife of all fours and asked her to beg to be fucked.  Sam, I think, was
questioning her commitment with this and shook her head in disagreement.  Our
Mistresses quickly approached and pulled us to one side.  You both agreed to be
slaves and to be used as we saw fit, if you turn back now, tapes and photos
will be sent to everyone you know and your lives will be ruined.  Now Sam, I
order you to go beg for black cock; I know how much you loved it before and how
much you will be loving it real soon.  I order you to beg to be fucked and beg
them to fill you with their creamy thick cum.  I want you and Paul coated in
black men jism before this evening is over and I want it to be a result of you
begging for it.  She continued, Paul, you are a sissy slave only useful for
your tongue so I want you to stand before the crowd and beg to photograph the
men's cocks, measure the men's cocks and then suck, lick and prepare the cocks
so that you can then place their thick cock meat at your wife's entrances.  And
I also order you to beg them to let you lick and drink the cum from your wife's
delicious fucked pussy once they are finished using her.  You are now ordered
to keep a scrapbook of every cock that enters your wifes' holes.  Now both of
you get up before the crowd and beg for a gang-bang of you Sam or else.  With
that we glanced at each other and Sam took hold of the microphone, I am a slut
and a tramp and I want to get gang-banged by numerous big black cocks.  I am a
slut for black cock and I want any and all to participate in fucking my tight
fuck hole and mouth.  The crowd cheered, screaming and calling Sam a horror and
a slut.  Sam handed the microphone to me, my sissy husband has something he
would like to beg for as well.  Shocked by what was taking place, I slowly took
hold of the microphone and then gathered my thoughts of what I must do.  I
began, I want my wife to experience what it is like to be fucked by a real
thick cock.  I beg each of you to let me photograph and measure your cocks for
our scrapbook, then I beg of you to let me lick and suck your magnificent cocks
to their full potential before I place them  at my wife's entrance.  Finally,
and only with your permission, I ask that I be permitted to drink your
delicious cum juice from her well used pussy when you have finished with her. 
The crowd appeared shocked.  I heard comments, what a pussy her husband must
be, what a wimp, sissy cocksucker.  I cannot believe he is begging other men to
fuck his wife and then to clean their cum from her pussy.  The employee, now
knowing he had full use of my wife, grabbed the back of her head and ordered
her to kneel.  She was going to get royally fucked if that is what she desired.
 You are going to experience real cock tonight and no longer will you even pay
attention to that embarrassing cock of your husband's His use will be only to
prepare, record, lick and then clean up the mess of your lovers' cocks.  Now
wrap those pretty lips around my cock while we get your husband a camera, a
tape measure and some lipstick.  I was ordered to place my panties back on
since I would not be using my cock ever again and they were pulled tight up
between my ass cheeks.  Sam, went down on her knees on a padded area next to
the rack and slowly removed the thick cock before her from the employee's
pants.  She stretched her mouth and reached out with her tongue as she shoved a
few inches inside of her mouth.  The employee pushed further as the member
slightly choked her.  Sam begin bobbing her head on the thick monster and I was
struck across the face and then handed the camera, measuring tape and a
notebook.  The employee then pulled his cock from Sam's mouth removed something
from his pocket and ordered me on my knees and to crawl to him and my wife.  I
complied and he begin applying to my lips the brightest red lipstick I had ever
seen.  He then commented that although he was not going to fuck my slut wife, I
should record everything because she was going to continue sucking his cock. 
With that I took a step back and took two photographs of the magnificent black
member.  He was probably eight inches in length and 4 inches in girth.  He then
ordered me to finish recording the measurements in the book and then get closer
so that I could also get a taste of his delicious cock.  I finished placed the
book down and then moved closer as he took the back of my head and shoved three
inches of his cock inside of my mouth.  He gripped my hair tilted my head back
and began fucking my slut mouth.  He continued fucking my mouth back and forth
shoving his gigantic member deep into my throat causing me to gag numerous
times.  Finally he withdrew, asked fifteen volunteers, all male, up on the
stage to participate in this gang-bang.  Again my wife and I looked at each
other in shock.  She could not take fifteen guys on and I feared what would
happen if she did.  The group gathered to discuss their approach as my wife
knelt on all fours.  Two men approached me and said they would be initiating my
lovely wife.  I as ordered to remove their pricks from their briefs.  I began
reaching in, when the employee said that I needed to use my mouth for that
particular job.  I then reached forward with my mouth and took the waistband of
the first individual and began pulling down.  His cock quickly came into view
and he took hold of it and slapped me across the face a couple of times,
causing loud cheers from the crowd.  I pulled them completely off and then
proceeded to do the same with the second individuals.  His cock was larger than
the first and again was in a state of softness.  He grabbed the back of my head
and ordered my pussy red lips around his cock.  He slammed the cock into my
mouth for a few strokes then removed it and slapped me across the face with it.
 I was feeling totally humiliated and hoped that this would soon be over.  I
was then ordered to photograph them soft and they measured in at 7 and 8
inches.  I was then ordered to get them hard.  I quickly took hold of one with
my hand and began stroking the cock swiftly.  I placed my mouth on the smaller
cock and began shoving the member inside with my other hand.  I tilted my head
back and took hold of his balls and shoved more of his cock inside.  He grinded
his hips in my face and I could feel his cock hitting the back of my throat. 
After a few minutes of feeling him grow in my mouth I removed his cock and
photographed and measured it at 10 inches and 4 � inches in girth.  All the
while I was stroking the other cock.  The man then moved in front of my wife
and ordered her to take his cock into her mouth.  My slut wife eagerly opened
her mouth and slid the thick black cock into her slutty mouth.  I then placed
the second cock into my mouth and stretched my mouth to accept his thick shaft.
 I tasted a bit of precum as his cock slid deeper into my mouth.  After a few
minutes I slowly withdrew my mouth and photographed and measured his cock at
slightly over 11 inches and 5+ inches in girth.  I then took hold of his cock
and with the crowd cheering placed the cock at my wife's entrance.  Her pussy
seemed eager as she pushed her pussy back against the gigantic cock head.  She
was eagerly sucking the first cock and pushing back to receive the second as a
number of the volunteer black men moved closer and began getting themselves
ready as they took their cock out and began stroking them.  I moved in closer
to photograph and measure the volunteer cocks.  After a few minutes of the
second cock just resting against my wife's entrance, my wife began bucking her
hips trying to push the cock inside of her.  Still the man sat there; he then
ordered me to take hold of his shaft and shove his thick black cock into my
wife for him. He said this loud for all to hear especially my wife and this
humiliated me further.  I took hold of his cock and shoved the head towards my
wife's dripping opening.  He lunged also as the thick head submerged itself
into my wife's cunt.  My wife removed her lips from the cock she was sucking to
moan at the amazing feeling that was overcoming her.  Please bury that thick
cock into my pussy hole, she screamed, please fuck me, please!  With that he
shoved a few more inches deeper into her and shoved my hand away from his cock.
 I own your wife now sissy boy, she no longer needs a sissy husband with a
pencil dick.  He had five inches of cock in her and he asked her if this is
what her husband felt like.  Sam quickly answered, no, ohh no, your cock is
filling my pussy and stretching my lips, I can barely feel his little cock. 
With that moment of degradation, I saw him slam his entire member into my wife
and I saw her body shaking in an overwhelming orgasm.  She moaned and moaned
until the cock at her face again stuffed her mouth.  Number two was riding my
wife like a stallion as his cock buried itself inside of her.  She was pushing
back with each thrust letting his cock enter her fully and letting his balls
slap against her voluptuous pussy.   I continued photographing new cocks,
measuring new cocks and being forced to lick and suck new cocks.  Many of the
fifteen here already hard and waiting when I glanced over to see number two
finally tensing and I knew within minutes he would be depositing his creamy
sticky thick cum into my wife's cunt.  Before, I could gather another thought,
I was ordered over to lick his ass while he fucked my wife.  I was slid
underneath him so that I could see his massive prick stabbing in and out of my
wife.  I lifted my face so that his balls were rubbing against my nose and
forehead and slid my tongue between his ass cheeks and I began licking at his
tight back hole.  This was too much for the gentleman as his ass flexed, me
head slid down to the floor and I saw his cock deep into my wife, both he and
my wife were shaking and I knew that they were sharing an amazing orgasm
together.  Another fear overcame me as I felt my own cum spilling from my puny
cock into my black panties.  As he slid his manhood from my wife, he let his
cock fall against my face.  It was drenched in their juices and he took hold of
it and shoved a few inches into my awaiting mouth.  He slid his ass back and
forth forcing more of his cock into my throat with each stroke.  I tasted their
juices and could already feel myself getting hard again.  I tasted his salty
semen as the last drops emptied themselves into my mouth.  Before I knew it
another cock appeared before me and I was ordered to slide out from underneath
and again shove this cock into my wife before any leaking occurred. I took hold
of this shaft and again eased the prick into my wife.  It slid in much easier,
but there was still tension as this shaft was at least as long and thick as the
previous cock.  I watched as my wife's lips stretched to accommodate his thick
cock.  He stopped pushing in and asked if she would rather have her husband
fucking her, glancing at me.  She withdrew her mouth from prick one and loudly
screamed that I had a tiny dick that could not fulfill her sexual needs; she
needed a thick black cock, because that is what she now worshipped and would
never again be touched by my little white dick.  He smiled at me and then
lunged burying his full length into my wife.  She tensed and shook and I knew
she was experiencing yet another mind blowing orgasm.  I was then ordered back
to photographing, measuring and sucking.  I looked over to see number one
finally getting ready to cum.. he pulled his cock from my wife's mouth and
began spraying his cock fluid all over her face.  He pinched the head and
ordered me over to him.  I quickly complied and he positioned my face next to
my wife's as he released the tip of his cock and continued spraying his thick
salty cum, but now aimed in my direction as his cum jetted steak after streak
onto my face and lips.  Strand after strand of cum exited his magnificent cock
and coated my face and with his last few spurts he took hold of my wife's head
and shoved his cock inside of her mouth and ordered her to contain the last
droplets of cum and then give me a sloppy kiss.  My wife licked and sucked
slurping the remaining cum from his cock and then after no more was left she
took hold of my head and forced his sticky hot salty cum into my eagerly
awaiting mouth.  The consistency was extremely thick, but I continued slurping
down the cum that had just been shared with me from my slutty wife.  During
this kiss, I could feel my wife have another orgasm as number 3 was slamming
his cock in and out of my wife's stretched pussy.  The crowd cheered as my wife
pulled away and another cock, number 4, was quickly placed in her mouth.  I was
ordered to continue preparing the cocks, photographing and measuring.  Our
logbook listed 11 men, one of which was the employee, and I knew that I still
needed five more.  Number 3 was currently hammering away at my wife's drenched
cunt and the crowd cheered as he violently slammed in and out of her.  




Dom Sam

Part 10

He was fucking her harder than I had ever seen anyone fucked, including the
porns that I had watched.   My wife continued removing her mouth from the
number 4 cock so that she could moan and scream in ecstasy.  The employee put
the microphone by her mouth and asked if she wanted to stop all of this
nonsense.   She begin begging and pleading, No No , I love black cock, I am a
slave to black cock and I want more of this black cock shoved into my pussy and
mouth.  I want my wimp sissy husband to watch his beautiful sexy wife get
fucked like a real woman should be fucked.  I want him subjected to total
humiliation, because that is what he deserves for trying to convince me that
all cocks were similar to his tiny, puny prick.  With that the employee zoomed
in on my tiny erect prick showing everyone that I had previously cum in my
panties.  Everyone was shocked as my cock had not been touched at all.  The
microphone was pushed to my lips and I was ordered to tell everyone when my
tiny cock had shot its jism.  I quickly complied and told the crowd that my
cock had shot off just after my wife and her first partner had shared their
orgasm together.    The crowd laughed at what a sissy and slut that I was. 
Here I was letting large black men take advantage of my wife and rather than
trying to prevent this from occurring, I was ejaculating at their sexual joy. 
As the crowd continued to laugh, I again was ordered between my wife's partners
legs so that I could again share in my wife's partner's orgasm.  Number 3
tensed almost concurrently with me sliding between his legs and I saw him pull
nearly 10 inches from my wife's stretched pussy and then slam back in one final
time as his balls contracted and I could tell he was shooting his thick steamy
jism deep into my wife's womb.  She was sharing in his orgasm as her body
trembled and shook.  He pulled out in time for his final spurt to shoot
directly onto my cheeks and lips.  I felt his hot fluid coat my face as he
wiped his cock head across my lips then jammed the head into my awaiting mouth.
 I licked and sucked his cock head until he popped it from my mouth.  He again
shoved it violently into my slutty wife and she moaned in delight.  He again
withdrew shoved it back into my mouth so that I could taste their mixed juices.
 It tasted extremely salty, warm and thick.  He again quickly withdrew his cock
from my mouth with a pop took hold of his gigantic member and dick slapped me
numerous times before moving from the position.  Number 5 quickly took his
place and ordered me to shove his cock deep into my wife.  I took hold of the
shaft and as I was pushing his cock into my wife, I felt my own cock again
betray me and I again came in my panties.  Number 5 noticed my body tenses and
screamed to the employee and the crowd that I had cum again in my panties.  I
was embarrassed and humiliated as the crowd laughed and cheered at what a sissy
cocksucker I had become.  My wife was enjoying this treatment immensely and
began deep throating number four very deeply.  Within a minute he too was
shooting his cum in my wife's mouth.  She gulped and gulped, but could not
contain all of his jism and it emerged from her mouth and dripped down her lips
and chin.  He pulled out and let the last few squirts land in her hair.  Again,
he was quickly replaced by number 6.  Number five and six appeared as good
friends as they high fived each other at what a fucking they were giving my
wife.  They road her hard and began fucking her in sync.  It was though a huge
cock was being slid in and out of her body and she was experiencing multiple
orgasms.  They began a countdown at three and then both withdrew their members
at once and began showering her body with cum.  Number 5 coated her back with
stream after stream of jism, shooting hot thick wads of cum up onto her
shoulders and even her neck.  His last spurts of jism landed on her beautiful
ass cheeks and he finally slid his thick long member between her ass cheeks and
sent his last few drops around my wife's asshole.  Number six was concurrently
shooting his sperm in the face of my gorgeous wife.  She was trying to catch
his sperm in her mouth, but he continued guiding it out of reach so as to coat
her completely.  He shot streams against her forehead and then soaked her
beautiful hair with his thick hot cum fluid.  Number seven quickly sealed her
lips by shoving his 10 inches of black cock into her awaiting eager mouth and
number 8 ordered me to lick my wife's asscheeks so as he did not have to feel
another man's cum on his hips while he fucked my wife.  I eagerly obeyed,
licking and sucking the remnants of cum from my wife's last partner. 
Fortunately, there was not a lot as only his last few shots were sprinkled onto
her ass.  I licked and sucked the still warm cum from my wife's ass and then
was ordered to spread her ass cheeks and lick her asshole clean as well.  I
obliged and tongue fucked my wife until I was pushed aside by number eight.  He
ordered me to ask my wife if she wanted to fuck me or him and I did so.  Sam,
my dear, would you like to fuck me or this stranger behind you.  I was
extremely humiliated, knowing what my wife's answer would be.  She pulled her
mouth from the thick black cock she was sucking and laughed.  Honey, your prick
is so tiny I would not be able to feel you at this very moment.  I want to be
fucked by a real man with a real dick, so shove that monster inside your wife's
pussy now, you little sissy wimp husband of mine.  Feeling completely
humiliated and degraded, I reached out took hold of yet another thick black
cock and shoved the first few inches deep into my wife.  Her pussy lips again
stretched to take this thick member inside of her.  She bucked back and again
begged for him to fill her pussy with his cock.  Her pussy was soaking with cum
and with each stroke you could hear the cum squishing inside of her.  He pulled
his cum drenched cock from her pussy and ordered me to taste all of the
partners combined.  I eagerly did so and I could taste the thickness and warmth
of cum mixed with my wife's juices.  I still did not like the taste of cum, but
the employee pointed out that I was an eager cock sucker and that I too must be
a craving black cock worshiper like my slutty wife.    He pointed to my
stretched cum drenched panties where I had once again become hard.  The cock
was removed from my mouth and roughly shoved in its entire length inside of my
wife who again experienced another earth shattering orgasm.  Within minutes the
cock in her mouth again withdrew itself and began coating her face, lips, hair
and neck with jism.  I had never seen so much cum in my life and here I was
experiencing it with my now horror wife.  Number nine took his place before my
cock sucking wife's face and lunged his dick past her lips into her throat. 
She choked, but this only made him more eager as he continued shoving his
monster into my wife.  Her head was tilted and it appeared that all 11 inches
of his cock was buried in my wife's throat.  He fucked her face roughly as the
man behind her did the same to her gaping pussy.   The man reaming my wife's
pussy screamed that my wife was definitely getting loosened up and everyone
cheered as he removed his cock completely from her spread pussy and spread her
cheeks with his hands letting the crowd view how open her pussy had become.  As
white cum started to flow from her cunt, he again plugged her hole with his
gigantic cock.  He shoved his cock all the way inside and began ramming her as
fast as he could.  She was moaning past the prick in her mouth as she was in a
state of continuous orgasm,  He thrust his hips forward and grunted as he began
experiencing his own orgasm.  My wife had become a cum dump as he squirted his
thick hot cum deep into my wife's bowels.  He remained in position for a few
minutes while the remaining seed from his cock dripped into my wife.  He slowly
withdrew his massive dark black cock and I watched the contrast of his dark
thick meat pulling itself from my wife's abused pink cunt.  My cock was aching
and needed relief, but I knew that it would be getting no attention this
evening.  Almost concurrently with the prick exiting my wife's pussy, the man
in her mouth too pulled his massive dark cock from my wife's cum drenched lips
and shot his thick hot sticky load on my wife's face.  He directed stream after
stream of jism towards the dry areas of my wife's face.  By the time his cum
had subsided, my wife's entire face was glistening with fresh cum.  I was
ordered to finalize my photographing, measuring and recording of the final men
as I watched our Mistresses approach and talk with the employee who was guiding
this show.  He approached my wife and zeroed in on my wife's gaping cunt hole;
he then reached into his pocket took hold of a plug of some sort and shoved it
into my wife's gaping hole to prevent any of the thick hot cum to leak from her
freshly fucked cunt.  He turned to the mistresses and smiled then took hold of
the microphone and announced to the crowd that lucky number ten might get to
experience what no other man tonight will be able to, depending upon our
willing contestant herein, as he pointed to my cum soaked wife.  Our Mistresses
all the while neared my wife and I and whispered to us that we should both beg
to have my wife's tender ass invaded by black cock this evening.  My wife and I
had only experienced anal sex twice before and my small cock had pained her and
turned her off completely.  My wife commented to our Mistresses that she would
be unable to take a large cock inside of her and that she had no desire to
experience this.  Our Mistresses became quite angry with her and told her to
look at herself, what a slut she had become, she had been begging for black
cock all night and had probably neared fifty orgasms through the brief evening.
You will obey or we will send photographs of this evening to everyone you both
know.  This disobedience is becoming bothersome, now both of you get your asses
on the microphone and beg to have Sam's ass fucked good and hard.  The
remaining five men will jack-off into a funnel for one of you to drink,
whomever the crowd chooses and your night will come to a close.  My wife took a
deep breath of fear and satisfaction.  She was extremely  sore; her pussy had
been stretched and abused and she was not sure if she could handle any more
cock in her this evening.  This gave her a sense of relief, but she obviously
feared having a monster cock shoved into her most tender hole.  I was extremely
humiliated by the fact that there was nothing I could do.  My wife had been
royally fucked in front of me as I prepared the men to fuck her.  I was a sissy
and a wimp and felt humiliated by this fact.  The director approached my wife
with the microphone and as it approached her lips she received an evil grin
from our Mistresses; a disciplined look.  My wife obeyed as I knew she would, I
would like lucky number ten to devirginize my delicious asshole.  I want my
butthole to be used  to satisfy number ten because my pussy is too stretched
and used to do the job adequately.  I nearly had an orgasm in my pants as I
listened to my wife's vulgarity.  I beg number ten to shove his thick veined
cock deep inside of me and take full advantage of a hole that has never been
used.  We both knew this was a lie, but it added to the excitement and there
was no way of knowing differently.   The microphone was then lunged in my
direction and the director asked what my thoughts were on this matter.  I too
received a stern look from our Mistresses and knew there was absolutely nothing
I could do, but quickly get this over with.    I beg number ten to devirginize
my wife's back hole; she had enjoyed black cock in her tender pussy all night
and I know this will fulfill both her and my evening.  Will you also drink the
cum from her ass you sissy, the director asked.  I will perform in any way my
Mistresses, the crowd and you see fit, I answered.  The director then told the
crowd what the remainder of the evening would consist of.  I would be forced to
drink the cum from my wife's freshly fucked pussy.  My wife's asshole would be
devirginized by a large thick cock and I too would then eagerly clean her ass
of this deposit.  The remaining five men would jack off into a funnel where
upon either my wife or I would gulp down for the crowd.  With this, I was
ordered to take my place between my wife's legs, while number ten positioned
himself directly behind my wife and over my face as well.  I could hear the
crowd going nuts as his cock rested at my wife's sphincter.  He stroked his
member causing it to swell even larger and I stared at this foot-long cock
waiting to invade my wife's ass.   Beg me to fuck your ass whore, he yelled. 
She started to beg, please fuck my ass, please slide that beautiful black tool
deep inside of me.  I am a whore for black cock and I need you inside of me. 
He took hold of the plug in my wife's cunt, removed it and with one thrust
shoved his entire twelve inches inside of her.  She moaned in yet another
amazing orgasm and I closed my eyes in shame.  I continued thinking that she
had never had such excitement and joy with me and this humiliated me further. 
He quickly pulled his magnificent cum-covered cock from her gaping hole and
positioned it at her asshole.  I watched as my wife pushed her ass back against
the thick black cock.  Again the contrast of his black meat nearing penetration
of my wife's white ass excited me and I nearly came again in my panties.  I
arched hoping to cause some additional friction in my panties to reach an
orgasm and the director noticed and commented.  Look at how hard our sissy
white boy is.  He almost came for the third time in his panties without a
single touch.  Now lick you fucking white sissy husband.  Lick your wife's cum
drenched pussy; lick the pussy that you shoved cock after cock inside of.  The
crowd chanted sissy slut over and over as I reached up with my tongue to catch
the thick salty goo that was beginning to leak from my wife's stretched cunt.  
 I tasted the salty mixture and slurped down my first mouthful as I again laid
back to watch my wife shake her ass in anticipation.  The monster black cock
had grown even more and was twelve inches plus as he slid it between her ass
cheeks.  He positioned it against her tight hole and then slowly thrust the tip
of the head inside of her.  I saw her ass clench, trying to prevent the
gigantic cock from entrance.  He loudly said, relax your ass slut.  She did and
he again thrust forward burying another half inch of his cock head inside of
her.  She screamed in pain and began changing her mind.  No, No I cannot take
that thick cock in my ass, it is too big for me.  He laughed along with the
crowd as I felt another droplet of cum drip from her stretched cunt.  I caught
the warm thick fluid in my mouth and again swallowed it down.  I was not sure
which I thought was worse her predicament or mine.  The large black man rested
for a second and then shoved the remaining part of the head inside of her
asshole.  Her hole stretched to accept his thickness.  I thought that she would
rip any moment.  She begged, please no more, please take that cock out of my
ass, I cannot take it.  The crowd again began cheering more, more , more as he
lunged yet again shoving four more inches of his shaft inside of her.  He had
now buried over half or about half of his cock inside of her.  I watched in
amazement as her ass stretched to accept the black cock.  He eased back out of
her as she screamed slow, slow.  His head popped out and again my wife screamed
no more.  The director ordered me to began lapping at her cunt and I complied. 
I began licking and sucking on her sore pussy lips and the thick cum fluid
continued to drain from her pussy.  I slurped and drank mouthful after mouthful
of cum and as I slurped at the mixed juices I licked and sucked on my wife's
clit.  She began shaking emphatically and was having an overwhelming orgasm.  I
heard the crowd cheer as the man lunged forward in mid orgasm and shoved two
thirds of his cock in her ass with one rough movement.  She continued shaking
and was experiencing multiple orgasm.  Cum continued to leak from her stretched
pussy as I felt the cock slowly began moving in and out of my wife.  She was
experiencing mixed emotions of pain and ecstasy as the cock continued its
assault in her ass.  After another thirty seconds her body stopped shaking and
she appeared spent from a mind- blowing orgasm.  She was no longer screaming in
pain and I wondered if she had passed out.  I continued to drink down their cum
filled snatch as thick streams continued sliding into my mouth and down my
eager throat.  I heard one gentlemen shout that she had all of her holds filled
and I heard my wife sucking a man's cock.  The director commented that he too
had to share in the fun and I knew that he must be plugging my wife's mouth. 
My wife was moaning now as the cock in her ass was being shoved in n d out of
her like a piston.  I stopped licking for a second to see the thick cock
reaming her asshole.  Her ass acted as a pussy as his monstrous prick went in
and out.  I saw her skin roll in and out as if it was attached to his cock due
to the obscene tightness.  My wife was now bucking her hips and I wondered if
she was actually beginning to enjoy this.  She hated anal sex with me and I
figured it would be even worse with a thicker sized cock.  This I heard the
director moan as he filled my wife's mouth with his salty cum and I realized
that we were both now tasting the salty jism of strange men at the same time. 
She was enjoying it and I was repulsed.    Before I knew it her body was again
trembling and she was experiencing another orgasm.  My mouth was not against
her clit so this one was driven by the cock in her ass and I felt shame and
humiliation as my wife was really enjoying her ass being fucked hard. 
Disgracefully, I continued lapping at her pussy and as her orgasm continued she
pushed more and more jism from her cunt.  It flowed and flowed into my eager
slut mouth and I drank and slurped until the flow of hot thick milky cum had
subsided.  I heard the man violently fucking my wife's virgin as he ordered my
wife to beg him to cum deep into her ass, to fill her bowels with his steamy
hot jism.  She begged, please, I am having a continuous orgasm while your thick
cock spreads my ass, please fill my bowels with your hot cum, please deposit
your cum in your horror.  I love black cock and I love having my tight white
ass stretched and tortured by your thick black cock.  With that he lunged
forward and ground his balls again my tongue and my wife's pussy.  He continued
shaking for a minute as his cum fluid was emptied into my wife's delicious ass.
 After another minute, he slowly slid his gigantic shaft from my wife's ass and
as it plopped out of her tight asshole he placed it in my mouth.  He shoved it
deep in my throat so I could taste the mixture of his cum and her ass juice. 
Though my mouth was cum coated, I still could taste the drastic difference of
this new strong taste.  He dick slapped me commenting that I was biggest pussy
even compared to my wife's gaping hole.  Everyone laughed and I laid back in my
humiliated state.  I arose with cum streaming down my cheeks and began
positioning myself at my wife's ass as the director stopped me.  I know you are
eager to have more cum slave, but we need to ask the crowd who will get to
enjoy the cum of these final five individuals.  Five men were standing stroking
their huge black cocks and within minutes I knew that either my wife or I would
be consuming their hot sticky fluid.   The director then said he had an idea
and ordered two of the spent gentlemen to hood my roll my wife over on her back
and lift her legs high into the air .  As they complied, I watched as the
director then positioned the funnel against her asshole and slid the tip into
her freshly fucked butt.  The five men approached and began emptying their nuts
into the funnel.  Stream after stream of jism filtered into the funnel and then
down into my wife's asshole.   After each was finished I was ordered to clean
their cocks and lick the last few emerging drops of cum from their cock heads. 
I received multiple dick slaps as the crowd cheered at what a sissy cock
sucking wimp I was.  After the final man had deposited his cum into the funnel,
the director shook the funnel making sure the flowing cum was inside of my
wife.  He asked if I wanted some more cum and though I did not, I knew what the
answer must be.  Yes, Master, I want to suck and lick the cum from my wife's
freshly fucked ass I want to show to everyone that I am good only for licking
and sucking my wife's pussy after she has been fucked good and hard by real
black men and real black cocks.  He then ordered me on my back and ordered my
wife to position her ass directly over my face., but a few inches away so that
the crowd could enjoy the cum being dumped into my eager cum sucking mouth.  My
wife squatted above me and when told released her sphincter muscle allowing the
cum inside of her to began flowing out of her ass into my awaiting mouth.  As
the cum flowed from her asshole I gulped and gulped down the thick salty goo. 
Stream after stream of jism emptied into my mouth and I drank it down like the
sissy that I had become.  The director showed the crowd how hard I was and I
longed for an orgasm though I had experienced two in my panties tonight.  For
five minutes the crowd cheered as I drank the spunk from my wife's freshly
fucked ass.  Her hole was extremely puffy from the abuse it had received, yet
it still appeared to tighten when she wanted it to.  She tightened her
sphincter and then with one final thrust opened it and let the last droplets of
cum leak from her tender hole.  I drank down the last salty drops and was then
ordered to stand.  My wife and I stood before the crowd while they cheered for
my wife and laughed at me.  The director screamed to the crowd, should we let
this sissy cock-sucker satisfy his sexual tension and cum before us.  The crowd
yelled back, No, he is a pussy cunt-licker and his cock is of no use to anyone
anymore.  I think I know who he might be able to satisfy one woman yelled and
approached with a plastic blow up doll.  Everyone laughed and cheered as the
director laid the doll on the ground.  Well sissy,  if you want to have an
orgasm then you must fuck the doll, but first here is your log book so you can
read off to the crowd the measurements of the cocks that used you and your wife
tonight and which holes of your wife they specifically used.  Here I was
standing in front of the crowd that had just watched me prepare men for my wife
and now I was being asked or forced to recant the entire night in a summary of
cock sizes.  I knew I had no other choice, so I began listing them six cocks
entered my wife's mouth, they were all black and measured in at were 8 inches
and 4 inches thick, 9 � inches long and 5 inches thick, 11 inches long and 6
inches thick, another at 11 inches long and 6 inches thick and two at 11 �
inches and approximately 6 � inches thick.  Five cocks stuffed my wife's pussy
and those measured in at 10 inches and 4 inches thick , two at 11 inches long
and 5 inches thick and one at 11 � inches long and 6 inches thick.  One cock
devirginized my wife's ass and measure at 12 � inches long and 7 inches thick. 
The crowd gasped at the measurement.  And then five men came into a funnel 
into my wife's ass and they measured in at 10 inches long and 4 � inches thick,
10 � inches long and 5 inches thick, 10 inches long and 46 inches thick and two
at eleven inches long, one at 5 inches thick and the other at 6 inches thick. 
So let me confirm your cock size again the director asked.  The crowd laughed
as I stood in embarrassment.  My wife pulled my panties aside and measured the
length at 5 inches and the thickness at 3 inches.  The crowd laughed and
cheered at my humiliation and degradation.  Next confirmation, your wife took
the largest of all of the cocks tonight in her asshole, her virgin asshole.  I
lowered my head and shook my head yes in further humiliation.  Finally, how
many loads did you swallow slave?  I looked up in horror and he repeated the
question.  You should record that as well from now on, well at least that is my
personal opinion, you will have to check with your Mistresses on that one.  I
counted that I had drank down five full loads of jism from my wife's pussy, and
six from my wife's ass.  And blurted out 11 loads.  Is that the most you have
ever had in one night.  I lowered my head in embarrassment and shook my head
no.  The crowd laughed heartedly further humiliating me.  He finally said that
I had shared in some of my wife's facial loads as well and I agreed.  My cock
was standing completely erect as my wife had not covered back up my small
little cock.   The director shouted, you have one minute with the doll and it
starts right now if you choose; I am not sure when your lovely Mistresses will
give you another opportunity to relieve yourself.  I looked at my wife in
horror and she looked at me as though I were a sissy and now a slave.  I order
you pussy Paul to fuck the doll you, your measly prick will never be able to
satisfy my black loving pussy and I will no longer touch that little white dick
of yours.  If you want to stay with me then you will follow my orders, now fuck
the doll you perverted sissy.  I was extremely horny, more than I could ever
remember and now I was faced with obeying my wife or not having a wife, I
quickly removed my panties, Handed them to her then mounted the plastic doll
and shoved my tiny white dick inside of the rubber inflated pussy .  My wife
stuck the cum soaked panties into my mouth, cum side first and ordered me to
suck while I fucked the doll.  She commented to the crowd that I was drinking
my own cum while I fucked a rubber doll.  Before the director could even say
how much time I had I pumped my little white dick into the doll for the third
time as my cum erupted into the doll.  It felt amazing and I could not hide my
orgasm.  My wife yelled that I had barely stuck my cock in the doll and that
how had I already cum.  What a sissy wimp I was and what a horrible lover she
had to put up with for all of these years.  She removed the panties from my
mouth and ordered me to drink my own cum from the doll.  I hesitated and she
gave me a stern look.  The crowd could not believe what they were watching as I
lowered my head to the doll's pussy and began lapping up my own cum.  She tiled
the doll so that the remaining drops of cum would be captured in my mouth.  She
laughed with everyone at what s small load my little cock must have shot.  She
then again placed the panties in my mouth and led me to our Mistresses at the
table.  The director came on the microphone and commented, that does it all for
the center stage show for this evening.  That was one for the record books. 
That was the biggest slut and the biggest sissy we have ever had enter this
club.  Thanks to their lovely Mistresses.  The crowd clapped and cheered one
last time. 

More to cum!!
 If you want more and or if you have ideas how I could further really train my
husband, please write me at Sammslb@aol.com.  Please further humiliate my
husband and keep emails encouraging him to write both fiction and nonfiction as
he is the author here, I have just modified his writing.  His email address is
NCNC105895@aol.com  If you wold like to be a cyberslave of mine, please
complete the following instructions without error:

I am looking for a few more cyberslaves and serious applicants only.  You must
submit a detailed introduction discussing the reasons why you feel you should
be considered for this, your desires, experiences, and measurements.  You
should have a scanner so that I can prove you are complying with my requests,
yet this is not a must.  I will not correspond with people that lack
intelligence and are not serious about the art of domination so beginners need
not apply and waste my time.  I will respond only to those who are creative
intellectual writers and who follow these above instructions without question.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sammslb


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





