BDSM Library - The Reporter-ette




The Reporter-ette
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young female reporter sheds her clothes to gain her scoop, in public. No sex involved.
The Reporter-ette

By IndianOutlaw




The Reporter-ette

By IndianOutlaw

"Get the scoop or your fired!" Her editor's comments rang in here ears as she
headed for the stadium.

Katherine, Kate as she was known, was the newest sports reporter for the City
Times. Moving from Television Weather girl to Sports columnist she made her
mark. At only 26, this fiery red head accomplished her dream of becoming a
Sports reporter, All this without lowering herself by giving in and using her
obvious female attributes.

Billy Bo ,the rookie quarterback for the Memphis Blues, who took the team from
last place to one game from the Super Bowl in just his first season, was rumored
to be leaving and taking the entire offensive line with him.

The whole town was abuzz with talk. Was he leaving or staying. It was serious
and her editor was even more serious. This story would make her career. If she
missed this story she would be fired, and being a woman, it would definitely be
held against her. Driving home she got lucky.

Walking around the corner, just outside of Downtown, there was Billy Bo walking
into a bar. She circle the block and saw his trademark Chevy Truck with "B BO"
on the plate. It was him. She parked and headed for the bar.

Once inside this dim place was not too crowded, only about 10 or so. There he
was Billy Bo. Beer in hand, talking to a bottle blond dress in a slinky short
blue satin dress at the bar.

"Bartender, a 7&7 please." Kate strolled over to Billy Bo and tapped him on the
shoulder. "Excuse me Billy Bo..." Billy turned and looked at Kate standing
there. He lowered he sunglasses and admired her from head to toe and back again.
Dark brown full skirt almost to the floor, matching leather belt, tan button
down blouse, concealing two obvious C sized titties. Her hair was up in a bun
and her dark rimmed glasses hung on the end of her nose. He stared at her chest
while he talked.

"Katie!" she hated it when he called her that. It was degrading. "Now what
brings ya'll here" (Texas Accent) She was painfully aware he probably could not
identify her face in a line up, but he knew his breasts. He never took her
seriously. Always brushed her off after each game.

"Are the rumors true about you leaving the Blues?"

"Now, Darling, ya know I won't talk 'bout that." He turned back to his DD sized
bottle blond.

"Please," she placed her hand on his shoulder, "all of Memphis is waiting to
hear this." She was pleading. Billy Bo pushed her hand off his shoulder.

"Go, Away!, cant you see I'm busy." He returned to his friend.

Kate turned and started to walk away. Hick, she thought to herself. Well at
least no one else was going to get the story. As she made her way to the door,
the blonde whispered in Billy Bo's ear.

"That's a pretty darn good idea." He deliberately exaggerated the last word.
(whistle) "Hey. Katie, come here." She turned, and found herself moving to him
faster and faster.

"Yes.' She said hopefully. Once again noticing he was watching her boobs bounce
the whole way.

"My friend here has a pretty good Idea. I believe you got a list of stuff there
to ask me."

"Of course."

"Tell you what, I will answer any question, but you must give me a piece of your
clothing for each answer." Pervert! She thought. Then her mind flashed, "Get the
scoop or your fired!" She shook her head.

"Your on." Now all the patrons, all men except for blondie, were gathering
around.

"First question, Katie." He sat back and grinned. Blondie put both her arms
around his chest.

"Are you talking with other teams about moving?"

"Yes." He was enjoying this. "Belt please." Slowly she unhooked the brown
leather belt. Because it was suede she had to push it through each loop until it
was freed. She handed it to him. He put it on the bar, but never took her eyes
off here hips.

"What teams have you talked with?"

"Dallas, Miami and New York." She kicked off a shoe and slit it to him. Now
standing lopsided she flipped through her notes. He returned to staring at her
breasts.

"Do you favor any one of them?" She was on a roll. The truth was coming.

"Not really." Brick wall. Bad question. She now kicked off the other shoe and
slid it to him. Now she was about to loose something important.

"Ok, um, is the Blues organization offering you more money to stay?"

"Yes. Now what comes off next." She had an ace up her sleeve. First untucking,
then slowly unbuttoning each button, from the top to the bottom she began to
remove her tan blouse. Billy Bo began licking his lips. She undid each cuff
button, first right then left. Holding her breath she pulled it off quickly
throwing it in his face. As he pulled it down a priceless look of disappointment
befell his face. She had a full slip on. But a least her tits stuck out better
he thought.

"Ok, Billy Bo, are you planning to stay here in Memphis?"

"Of course." She was shocked at the frankness of the answer. Was he lying to
her. He may be a sleaze ball and quite possibly a pervert, but he was not known
as a liar. She unbuttoned the single button, gently pulled down the zipper and
let the skirt fall to the floor. His jaw dropped. He slip only went to the knee.
Her legs were fantastic. She was in too deep now. She needed more. No matter the
cost now. The skirt was placed on the bar with the rest of the clothes. Down to
her white lingerie, she was beginning to feel the drafts in this place. And the
stares from the horny patrons. Her nipples were getting hard from the cool air.

"Did you ever plan to move to another team?" She smelled a rat. The answer was
now obvious. But she had to hear it. Even if it cost her the slip.

"Absolutely not." He sat back an laughed. This was what he was waiting for. The
bottle blond behind him was standing now admiring her. Her thin blue dress
shimmered in the lights of the bar, her obviously fake boobs bounced as she 
laughed.

Not knowing if it was the desire to get to her last question, leaving her at
least in her panties, or to just get it over with, she put both hands on either
side of the slip, arms crossed, and pulled it over her head in one swift motion.
It floated from her hands onto the bar with the rest of her clothes.

"Damn!" Billy Bo let out. She didn't realize it but her matching white lace bra
and panties were a little see through. Not a lot but enough. Billy Bo got an
erection. He looked at Blondie. "How come you don't wear underwear like that?"

"Silly, I don't wear underwear." She giggled as she twirled her hair.

"Ok, are you ready for my last question?"

"Why yes I am." He smiled bigger than before. "That will cost you your bra
please." He held out his hand.

Kate panicked. That wasn't right. That was not a question she protested. But no
one would hear of it. She pleaded and got the cold shoulder. Especially from
Blondie. She needed her last question answered. She lost.

Placing both hands on the front, "clip" the small sound as she unhooked the
front of her bra exposing to the world two perfect, round 36C's. Her nipples
were now puffy and fully erect from the cold, and partly the excitement, mostly
the cold. She put her left arm over her boobs and prepared to write down his
last answer.

"Why?" The ultimate question.

"Publicity babe. The Blues and I and my Agent dreamed up this whole thing to get
national publicity. I get a large signing bonus and the world gets to see my
face on the front page of every major paper in the country. Including yours." He
was smug, very smug.

Kate abandoned her breasts, much to Billy Bo's delight. She slowly pulled her
panties down keeping her legs crossed as much as possible. It was no use. Her
triangle trim stood out. Billy Bo began tapping his leg letting her know how
horny he was. She threw the panties at him. He put them to his face and too a
long hard sniff.

"Its an OK body" Blondie said.

"At least they're real sister. There, happy now." She extended out her arms a
little allowing him a good look. "Can I have my clothes back now."

"Hey, a deals a deal. I answered your questions. I keep the clothes." He loved
it.

Kate grabbed her note pad. Used it to cover her bush, the left arm to cover her
breasts and shoved her way out of the bar. Fortunately it was dark and she was
not parked far away.

She got her story though.

Epilogue

Billy Bo and Blondie left the bar and staggered arm and arm to his Porsche. They
stayed at the bar an celebrated for a little while longer. Before leaving they
staple gunned Kate's clothes to the wall as a moment to the occasion. Laughing
the whole way, Blondie was too drunk to notice the left spaghetti strap had
fallen off her shoulder. It fell down her dangling arm exposing to the world her
left DD breast. Then just before the car.

Like a blinding blur, a naked woman appeared from the alley. Billy Bo did not
look at her face just her rack. "Katie." He said with a smile. She stopped in
front of him, pushed the blond away, placed both hands on his shoulders. He
continued to stare at her fantastic breasts, then down to her glistening, sweet
beaver. Then...

"Uggggggghhhhhhh... OHHHhhhhh." Kate kneed him directly in the balls. Billy Bo
fell back, grabbing his nuts, then passed out cold from the pain. Kate smiled to
herself. She turned to the stunned blond and approached here with a devilish
grin.

"Ok, Blondie." She grabbed her by the hair and pulled it up until it was obvious
she was in pain.

."Give me your dress."

"What???" Wrong answer. Kate punched her in the gut. Blondie doubled over in
pain. Then grabbing the dress by the straps she pulled it over her head. Fake as
they were, those fantastic boobs jiggles and bounced. Kate smiled. For it was
now, obvious from the glow of the street lights, she was definitely not a real
blonde.

Kate now began pulling the dress over her head. The silky material slid over her
round boobs nicely. Momentarily it hung on her hips leaving her pussy and heart
shaped butt exposed for just a precious few more seconds. Then she tugged it
down covering herself completely.

The blonde got up slowly. Desperately tried to cover her 36DD's, but it was in
vein. They were too big for her small arms. She was left to covering the heart
shaved patch and moist between her legs. Kate looked at her as she smoothed out
the wrinkles in her new dress.

"Now you didn't think I was going to go home naked now did you." Kate headed for
her car now grinning from ear to ear.

"Hey," Blondie shouted, standing there bent slightly still covering her pussy.
"Do me a favor."

"What?"

"Call mom and tell her I'll be a little later, and not to wait up." Geese, 25
years old, and still lives with our mom and dad.

"Ok." Kate got in her car and drove for home.

End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  IndianOutlaw


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





