BDSM Library - Meeting at the Mall




Meeting at the Mall
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A sub's first meeting with a Dom she had been chatting with on-line.
Meeting at the Mall
by April




Meeting at the Mall

PART 1

	Well I have been chatting with this guy on the Internet. We had been discussing
about meeting each other...he knows my experience is very limited. Well I knew I
was going to be home alone for a few days , and we planned to meet. So we
decided the mall at about 12:30 Sunday I knew I would be home alone until
Tuesday night. So I went to the mall about a half hour ahead of time. Got a
cappuccino and sat at a booth in a restaurant close to where we were to meet. He
had told me how he would be dressed as did I. So I was sitting there lost in my
own thoughts when this really good looking guy slides in the booth across from
me. I looked at him blushing and asked if he was Mark. He smiled at me and said
yes. Jennifer? he asked. I told him I was....and then I was at a loss for words.
I think he felt my nervousness because he slid into the seat next to me and
whispered for me to relax. I smiled at him looking in the eyes and thanked him.
We began to talk getting to know each other. The conversation was casual and it
flowed quite easy and comfortably. After about an hour of talking to each other.
He looked me in the eye and his tone got very serious. He said "Jennifer, do you
feel comfortable with me." I looked at him and replied " yes I do". Then he
asked me if I trusted him. I again looked at him and the words seemed to get
caught in my throat. when I was able I replied  yes..more a whisper than
anything else. "and would you like to take me home to your house for a little
while" I had previously told him that I would be alone till Tuesday night.I
hesitated for a minute .... many things going through my mind. Then I threw all
caution aside and replied yes .Barely audible this time. He reached for my hand
and I accepted it and I allowed him to lead me to his car. When we were alone in
his car , other than me directing him to my house no words were said.

	We approached my door and as I unlocked it my hands were shaking. I finally got
the door open and I invited him inside.He walking inside and I took his coat. I
was going to bring him into the living room when he backed me up into the wall.
Leaning into me with his body. I was pressed up against the wall unable to move
he leaned closer to my face . I could feel his breathe on me ....and then he
kissed me softly and passionately. I thought I was going to die. I wanted this
man so bad. I almost came in my pants right there and then, but then I
remembered from speaking with him on the phone...thats not allowed unless He
says it is. Just thinking about that made me feel the heat in between my legs
get hotter.I began to reach up to put my arms around him as he kissed me so
softly. But then he grabbed my arms and pinned them over my head, very 
forcefully. It surprised me how he could be so passionate yet so rough and it
only made me want him more. He had one hand holding my two hands above my head
and with the other the began to knead my breasts .  Tenderly at first but
getting rougher by the second. He slipped his hand up under my shirt, And found
my nipple. My nipples giving away my lust for him. I felt him smile through the
kiss . Then I felt him tweak my nipple very hard. He pulled his lips away from
mine and told me to bring him inside.

	I brought him into the living room. I offered him something to drink , turned
on some music and lit some candles. When I returned from the kitchen with drinks
I found him sitting on my leather sofa. I placed the drinks down and went to sit
next to him. He grabbed my wrist and said no not there, here, and pulled me to
my knees on the floor in between his legs. Then he said to me You must offer
Yourself to me ...because I wont take you until you give yourself to me. My
heart began to beat faster and I could feel the sweat at the nape of my neck. I
looked at the floor and said yes Sir would you please accept me as your slave.
He lifted my head up by the chin and forced me to look him in the eyes. "and I
can use you as I see fit, for nothing more than my own pleasure" Looking him
straight in the eyes this time I replied "yes please Sir........Master". I
remember seeing him smile wickedly when I called him Master. "Well then take off
your clothes and let me see what I have here".

	Blushing I stood before him and removed my clothes. Sliding my shirt off then
my leggings. I stood in front of him in my bra and panties embarrassed. "your
being to slow about it " he said and reached up and slid my panties down as I
removed my bra freeing my large breasts.Once again I kneeled before him.

I reached for his zipper and said "may I free him Sir" he nodded yes. And as I
was reaching for his cock I could feel how hard it was. I pulled it out and gave
the head a little squeeze. Listening to him groan. Then swirling the pre-cum
with my finger. I leaned over and began to lick the pre-cum . Tasting it,
Savoring it. Then I began to lick under the head. He took his hands and buried
them in my hair forcing me lower. I formed my lips around his cock and began
sliding him into my mouth

	I began sliding his cock into my throat..as he urged my head to take him in
deeper. I slowly took him into the back of my throat. At first I began to gag a
little , but then I took a deep breathe and relaxed my throat. I could feel his
balls shrink up and his body tense. He grabbed me by the shoulders and pulled
himself from my throat. I looked at him to see if I had done some thing to
displease him. He just smiled at me.Then he reached behind him self and pulled
out a leather collar. "Turn around" he commanded. "yes" I replied. "yes what ?"
He inquired loudly. I cleared my throat "yes Master" I whispered. " That's
better my little slut" he said.

	                                   




PART 2

	I turned around facing away from You and I felt You slip the collar around my
neck. Then I felt You attach something to it. "I want You on all fours" I
quickly did as was told. I didn't know what to expect if I angered You and was
hesitant as to weather or not I wanted to find out. I was in front of You on my
knees leaning forward on my hands. I noticed that You had attached a leach to
the collar. You grabbed my by the collar and pulled me to the ground. So I was
positioned with my face to the ground but my ass in the air. Wide open with my
pussy facing You. You sat to the front of the couch and began stroking my pussy.
I had shaved it so there was nothing to hide my womanliness. My clit was
standing straight up, and I knew that the opening to my pussy was glistening. I
felt You slide in a finger while with the other hand began applying pressure to
my clit with your thumb. I had to really tense up or I would have came right
there.You buried You finger deep inside me and I groaned . Then You pulled it
out and  all of a sudden thrust three into me....I gasped from the shock of it
.....my pussy was very tight fitting Your fingers like a glove. You began to
wiggle Your fingers inside me. Me with my ass high up in the air ,I began to
back up into Your hand fucking Your fingers . sliding myself onto
them....letting them impale me....sliding back and forth....faster and
deeper...and harder ....taking Your fingers as far as they would go. Then before
I realized what I was doing I arched my back and began to come all over Your
hand. My juices hitting the floor dripping down. I began to shudder. I knew You
had felt me cum and while I was wondering what You might do ....SMACK I felt
Your other hand come down on my ass ....while Your other hand was deep inside
me.. "did I tell you to cum Jennifer?" SMACK I felt it again. "no Master ......I
am sorry I couldn't help it." SMACK "you will learn my little slut" You said and
then gave me 3 more quick smacks to alternate sides off my ass. Before I knew
what was happening I began to cum again....muti orgasmically. Shaking and
shuddering before You. I grew silent wondering what You would say or do because
I broke one of Your rules. Then I heard you chuckle behind me. But it sounded
more evil than happy.

	" I am so sorry Master....I will do better from now on I promise." "oh I know
you will....but it's too late to appologize...you broke a rule and now have to
be punished" You stood up and told me that you had to get something out of the
car and to go lay down on the bed.

                                                  




Part 3

	I went into my room and laid on my bed. I have a queen size bed with a brass
head board as well as foot board. I heard him come in. I saw him come into the
bed room carrying a brief case. He placed the case on my dresser and opened it.
He looked around and saw the large silk scarf hanging on my mirror. He took it
and blind folded me with it. Then I heard him rumbling around with some thing
else. "turn on your stomach " he commanded and I listened ..quickly I might add.
As I was laying on my stomach I felt him take my left arm and place something
around my wrist then I felt my arm being extended up and out to the side...
comfortably but so I could not move it very much. I felt him do this to my other
arm as well. Then I felt him securing some thing around my ankle and then the
other. I thought he was going to secure them to the bed as well but he didn't.
Instead he connected what I know  to be a "spreader bar"so I could not close my
legs . He then Took one of the several large pillows I have on my bed and put it
under my hips .So there I was blindfolded Secured to the bed unable to close my
legs with my ass in the air.

	I felt him kneel on the bed behind me. He must have removed his clothing
because I felt his warm body. I also felt his very ward cock leaning between my
ass cheeks." Lets see what we have here" I heard him say. I began to grow very
frightened. My asshole was very tight and I was scared he might shove his
fingers in me as he  did to my pussy. Or worse even his cock. He would rip me
apart if he did. But instead I felt him touch my pussy again which I might add
was dripping wet at this point. He would finger me then take his fingers with
all my juices on it and begin to rub my ass. Making my asshole wet with my pussy
juices. Alternating between the two. Then I felt him begin to work one finger
inside my tight ass. Gently at first only giving me what he knew I could take.
It was painful at first but nothing I couldn't stand. When he was able to fit
two fingers inside my ass easily and was able to slide them in and out with not
much trouble , he took his fingers away.

	Then I felt him slip his cock to the opening of my pussy. He opened me with one
hand holding my lips open. I was wide open for his cock now . My pussy was all
swollen and throbbing. But he just left it there at the opening. I was beginning
to get very frustrated and wanted him inside me very badly. I tried sliding
myself onto his cock., but because of the restraints was not able to. "Please" I
said. "I want you to beg me for it he said". At this point I would have rolled
over and barked I wanted him so bad. "Please Master , let me feel Your cock in
me . Let me feel You fuck me. Please fuck me till I hurt fuck me till I cant
take it anymore.....make me bleed Master"

	All at once I felt you slide your shaft into me. All the way until Your balls
slapped me in the ass.When You slide Yourself all the way into me You stayed
there for a second. Then I felt You pull the leash taunt apply pressure to my
throat. I knew I couldn't hold out for much longer and was afraid I might cum.
You slid your self out almost all the way and the slammed back into me. I gasped 
as I felt Your full weight and how you were filling up my pussy. You began to
really pound into me. Harder and faster .fucking me like I have never been
fucked before then I heard you ask me if I would like to cum....I cried out "yes
Master pleeze..pleeze let me cum" And then I felt you slamming into me again
building up speed ....in a steady rhythm. SMACK I felt you slap my ass again and
then I heard what I was waiting for "CUM CUM FOR ME Jennifer" and I began
bucking up into You meeting your hips slamming into you with my ass. I arched my
back and let out a scream and cam ...and kept cumming. I felt you begin pounding
into my in a frenzy and then I felt your body tense up. I   leaned back one
final time to take You...all of you every inch of you and every drop of you. I
felt your cock explode inside of me. Squirting your hot juices inside of my .
Deep inside hitting my cervix filling me up.Then I felt you with draw Your self.

	He caught his breath and took off the blind fold then He released me from  my
binds . Then he pulled the leach so I was kneeling up. He leaned over and kissed
me tender just like the first time...then I felt his need and his hunger and his
kisses got deeper trying to drink me in. "Clean me off" he said.  I smiled at
him wickedly and leaned forward and began lapping at his cock. Tasting my self
on him and tasting his cum at the same time.

                                                   




PART 4

 *****When I was finished cleaning his cock with my tongue. He then lead me to
the kitchen. I have a very large wooden kitchen table which is about waist
height. He told me to lean over on the table and spread my legs. As I did this I
heard him go into the other room to retrieve a few items. When he came back I
saw him place the candle I had lit on the table about a foot away from my head
which was on the table. I felt him lean down and fasten the cuffs around my
ankle to the table so I was restrained then fastened my wrists together and tied
them up over my head to the other end of the table. I was barely able to move.
Bent over the table again with my ass in the air.

	 Then I heard him open the freezer door and take out some ice. "Don't think I
have forgotten about you cumming with out My permission he said.I saw in his
hand he was holding a crop. I looked at it in fear and began to object. He
placed a gag over my mouth, and it's a good thing to or the people upstairs
might have heard my cries.

	I braced myself for what I knew would come. Instead, he began at my ankles.
slowly working his way up with the crop. Gently just barely touching me. When he
got between my thighs I began to get wet again, and he noticed. He began
touching my pussy with the crop.. softly. then tapping it with greater force .
Just when I got used to the rhythm he would go softer and I would relax. Then
THWACK on my ass I felt it. My eyes began to tear he was hurting my but such a
good pain I didn't think it was possible to enjoy it. But I was, and my pussy
told him so. He then took the end of the crop and began flicking my pussy lips.
I didn't think I could stand him teasing me like this for much longer. THWACK
THWACK and again..on alternate sides of my ass cheeks. Then I felt something
very cold. It was an ice cube he was swirling onto my hot pink ass. I could feel
it melting from the heat coming from my ass and dripping down my ass and between
my thighs. Then I saw him reach for the candle. I was really beginning to cry
now....I was scared but I had never been turned on this much in my life and if I
could of spoke would have begged him not to stop. I felt him spread my ass
cheeks and felt the hot wax drip onto my asshole. I jumped from the sensation
but could do nothing more. A few more drips of the hot wax on my ass. Then I
felt the ice again. This time he was swirling it around my asshole....cooling it
from the was. I felt him wipe off the melted wax from my tight hole. Then again
I felt his finger work it's way inside of me. Again when he had two fingers
working deep inside me with not much resistance, he removed them. I thought he
would put his cock in my pussy again. But I was wrong. I felt him behind me his
cock rock hard and throbbing once again. I felt the head of his cock at the
opening of my ass, and began to get alarmed. I knew there was nothing I could
do.... I had given myself to him..all of myself. So I just relaxed and made it
easy for him so he would not hurt me as bad as if I struggled. He worked the
head of his cock into my ass, I didn't think I could take anymore... the head
alone felt huge back there. I prayed he wouldn't back up just take his time and
slowly go forward. As if he read my mind that was just what he did.I felt more
and more of his manhood sliding into me filling me up. When I knew I couldn't
take another inch I felt his balls on my pussy. He began slowly....very slowly
pulling himself back and then forward again. My asshole at this point had
relaxed and accepted him...like it had  a choice..which it did not. He began
going faster and deeper. I was in a great deal of pain but it also felt so good
and the fact that I knew he liked this really turned me on. As he was fucking my
ass I felt him slip two fingers inside my pussy streching me even further down
there. I could feel him sliding his cock in and out my ass and his fingers in
and out my pussy. He must have felt the frenzy that was beginning to work up
inside of me, because he leaned forward told me to cum and bite my neck
lovingly. As soon as I heard his words and felt him on my neck .my neck being
one of my more sensitive areas I let it loose. I began to groan and buck
throwing my ass into his thrusting cock. Feeling his balls slam into my pussy. I
began to cum .... cumming harder than I have ever cum before and longer as well.
Feeling my juices dripping down and off his balls. Then he began really fucking
my ass hard..I thought he would rip me open. Fucking it harder in and
out....faster and harder ..in and out . Then I felt him pull his cock out of my
ass and I felt him squirt his load all over my ass and back.... he seemed to cum
forever. Then he leaned over me seemingly exhausted.

	After he had caught his breath. He undid my restraints. He then carried me to
the bathroom and began to wash me. I could barely stand ...my knees were shaking
and my legs very week. Without him there to support me I would have surely
fallen. After he had cleaned himself up as well, he picked me up and carried me
to my bed. It was now about 12 PM. As he laid me down he chained me to the bed
securely but comfortably so I could sleep easily but not go anywhere. He then
laid down beside me pulled me close and kissed me. His kiss was even more tender
than the first . When the kiss was over he hissed my forehead and said "sleep
now my pet"  I replied "yes Master and thank You ....thank You so much". And
then I drifted off to sleep.

                                                           




Part 5

	Well I must say that I was exhausted and fell straight to sleep. I felt his
arms around me his right hand clutching my breast, as he curved his body around
mine. I woke up sometime in the morning. The alarm clock said 11:00 am. I laid
there for a minute and the previous evenings events began to come back to me. I
tried to sit up but I realized I was secured to my head board. The only
difference was that my right hand was free. I looked over and saw that he was no
longer beside me. I began to panic thinking he left me alone like this, and I
would be alone till the following evening. Then I noticed a note on the night
stand. It said, "I went out to do a few things, rest well, you'll need it" Then
I noticed the p.s. at the bottom of the note. "You'll notice I left a pitcher
for you." I had no idea what ever he was talking about . I did see the pitcher
on the floor by the bed, but what was I to do with it. Soon it became evident to
me. As I laid there I began to seriously have to urinate. I tried to get my left
hand freed but was unable to. I looked at the pitcher and thought to myself "oh
no he didn't" I refused to pee in that thing. The minutes seemed to go by like
hours, and soon it was all I could do not to wet myself. So I stretched over
grabbed the pitcher, squatted over it and began to relieve myself. There were
tissues on the night stand so I could at least clean myself. I then placed the
pitcher as far away from the bed as possible. I was so embarrassed , humiliated
even . How dare he, who did he think he was. Then the night began to come back
to me and a smile came to my face. He was my Master that's who he was, and he
was just asserting that I couldn't do ANYTHING with out his permission. Even
with this knowledge I was still kind of pissed off, and decided to act it.

	Soon I heard him come in the front door. I heard him rumbling around in the
kitchen. I didn't have to wait long. He came into my bedroom carrying a tray
with bagels and coffee for the both of us. I wanted to stay angry with him but
couldn't.....not for the moment anyway. He placed the tray down and undid the
restraints. I got up to go empty the pitcher embarrassed by what I was made to
do. I walked past him with out saying a word. When I entered back into the room
he grabbed me by my hair and forced me face down on the bed. He leaned forward
so his lips were by my ear. "Are you angry because I left you chained to the bed
my pet? Do you think I really care? If I wanted to, do you think I wouldn't
chain you there and leave you as I found you? Now tell me how sorry you are for
not giving your Master a proper greeting." and then I felt him smack my ass ...
harder than he ever had with his hand. I cried out with out even realizing I was
going to. Startled from the smack and quite shaken as well. "I am sorry Master"
"Hmmm we will so just how sorry you are my sweet sexy slut. You are quite
beautiful and you do please me , but do not think for a minute if you cease to
that I won't punish you severely. Your only purpose is to please me ....make
sure you remember that . Your feelings don't mean anything unless I say they do.
Your opinion doesn't count unless I ask. You'll be much happier if you remember
that my sweet." I had stopped struggling, stopped resisting both inside and
outside. I did not understand it myself but I wanted nothing more than to please
this man. He could do anything he wanted to me , as long as he accepted me as
his slave and himself as my Master. I think he some how felt this because his
touch became tender, and his eyes soft. He flipped me over so that I was facing
him. I looked him in his eyes, this it seemed he wanted. Then he lowered his
mouth and kissed mine.

	When he lifted his mouth "I said I truly am sorry Master please forgive me"
Then he began kissing me again softly at first, but getting hungrier and deeper
by the second. I felt he would swallow me whole.  Then he lowered his lips to my
neck and began making circles with his tongue. My nipples immediately began to
harden. He then brought his lips to my nipple sweetly at first but then knawing
and biting it. Not to cause me a great deal of pain, but to excite me further.
Then the other repeating the process. I felt his head going lower and lower.
Finally he was where my thighs met and I thought I would scream. He told me to
open my legs and I eagerly complied He began blowing on my clit. I sucked in my
breath and thought I would cum right there. My pussy was so wet and was yearning
for his lips. Somehow he knew this for just when I thought he would lick my slit
He looked at me grinned wickedly and said "You want this dont you?" I couldn't
even speak all I could do was nod my head. "well then next time you will greet
your Master properly" and he got up. I was flabbergasted, never had anyone
treated me like this. Me, who most men ran circles around trying just to get my
attention never mind between my legs. I was left lying there with my pussy
soaking wet yearning for him. I did not know what to do so I just sat up and
looked at the floor my disappointment showing on my face. "eat your breakfast
for now. Perhaps I will give you a chance to redeem yourself when you are done.

	I was extremely embarrassed as well as humiliated. I didn't know what to do, I
didn't even know where to put my eyes. I looked at him and he just smiled at me.
Letting me know that everything would be all right. We sat there in the bed and
drank our coffee and ate our breakfast. I was surprised at how ravenous I was.
After we finished I cleaned up and went to sit by him.

	"I need to go back out for a few hours" he told me. "I will be back at exactly
5 PM , we will be gone for the night , and wear something that will please me."
And with that he rose to leave. I opened my mouth to question him but was
silenced by the look he gave me . The look which said ..... Don't question just
obey. So I closed my mouth, and watched him walk out.

    The next few hours went by very slowly. I did not know what to pack so I
just threw a few items in an over night bag. Then what to wear? I dressed very
carefully. Wearing a bra and panties set from Victoria's Secret that I had
purchased , but had yet to wear. I also put on a garter belt with thigh high
stockings but when I fastened it I placed my panties on after so they could be
removed without having to remove my garters. I put on a silk blouse and a
leather skirt, with very high patent leather pumps. I looked at myself in the
mirror and thought I looked good. Although something was missing. I glanced at
the scarf he had used to blind fold me with, smiled and tied it around my
throat, that completing my out fit.

			




Part 6



He arrived precisely at 5 PM. He looked at me and I felt his gaze drink me in.I
felt his eyes go over from the top of my head over my breasts and down to the
rest of me. He must have saw me blush, then he told me I looked very nice. "I
need to inspect something however. Raise your skirt" I looked at him and did as
he told me. When he saw my panties he told me to remove them, and I did. I
followed him out to his vehicle. He had a jeep with what are called Captains
chairs that swivel. He helped me up into the seat , when I was done fastening my
seat belt he reached down hit a lever and my seat swiveled so I would be facing
him as he drove. He went around and climbed in the other side. He ordered me to
raise my skirt so my nakedness was showing. I did as he ordered. As he began to
drive away he ordered me to pleasure myself.

    I settled into the seat and relaxed myself as best as I could. I put my head
back and closed my eyes and imagined it was him touching me instead of myself. I
brought my hand slowly down my body, over my breasts that had begun to swell
from my excitement. Running them over my flat belly, feeling the silk against my
hands. "Spread your legs further" He commanded. And I did, as far as I could.
Opening myself to him, showing him what was his , what he owned. Showing my
Master his slaves pussy the pussy that was his to do with as he pleased. While
opening my pussy lips with my left hand, I began rubbing my clit with my right.
Feeling it harden and swell , applying direct pressure. I gasped surprising
myself at how sensitive my clit was. Then while still holding myself open for
him to see, I began sliding my finger over my slit, feeling the wetness, gliding
it around , faster and faster. Moving my hips in a circle as I did so. "Let me
see you finger fuck yourself" he told my. And I slid my middle finger deep
inside me, working it back and forth while deep inside me. I knew that this
would make me cum if I continued it, and I didn't think he wanted that yet. So
instead I began slipping it in and out. Up and down , sliding it faster and in a
rhythm, "Another" I heard him say. So I slipped in two fingers. Working my pussy
all around them. He must had seen my excitement, because shortly I heard those
words I had come to love. "Do you want to come?" Knowing by now what was
expected of me. I began to plead and beg to be allowed to cum, but he wouldn't
give me his approval. I slowed my thrusting but as I did I heard him say "Did I
tell you to stop" "No Sir" I cried out, continuing once again. Really fucking
myself now, slamming my fingers into my cunt , my pussy so wet it was making
sucking noises on my fingers. I began to get embarrassed by the noises and how
loud it was, but I had no shame at this point. In and out harder and faster with
each thrust riding my own hand oblivious to all else, before I even knew it I
began to cum all over my fingers, gasping and moaning. When I opened my eyes I
had noticed that he had pulled over we were on a dark road surrounded by woods.
With an occasional car driving by only about every 10 minutes. I knew I had came
without permission. He was toying with me this I knew. "Tsk tsk" he shook his
head while grinning at me. I looked down. "I'm sorry Master" I cried but I knew
it would not make a difference no matter how much I begged. "Take every thing
off except for your garters and stockings" I complied. Then he reached over and
secured a collar around my throat with the leash still attached. He took my
scarf blind folded me with it, and secured my arms behind my back with cuffs. I
heard him get out of his side and come around and open my door. I was terrified
someone would see but I stayed silent because I knew it was expected of me. He
began to lead me through a grassy area. I could feel trees go by and I figured
we were in the woods. For all I knew he would leave me there, but I trusted him
and didn't think he would do that or at least I prayed he wouldn't. Then he took
my blind fold off. We were indeed in a wooden area with a small house . He
brought me to what resembled a very large tree trunk that had been cut for the
purpose of chopping wood on it. He ordered me to lie over it, so that my feet
were on the ground but my body lying over it. He then secured me by my leash so
I could not raise my head. "I'll give you the option of choosing your own
punishment, either I will leave you like this for tonight and come get you in
the morning or 20 strikes of the crop" I was terrified that animals would find
me like this, so the choice was easy." 20 lashes Master I whispered" And he did
just that, he seemed to get it over with quickly but by the time he was done I
was in pain and very shaken as well as crying openly. He undid the restraints
picked me up and brought me into the house lying my on a rug in front of the
fire place. He then went in another room and I heard him running water into I
later found out to be a tub. He came over me and tenderly removed what little
garments I had left on my red welted body. He truly did hurt me this time,
nothing that would scar but none the less I was in pain. He gently picked me up
and helped me into the tub and began to wash me running the water over my back,
over the welts and red marks. He was so tender, could this be the same man that
only minutes before had me weeping from strikes from the crop? He left me there
to soak in the tub. When he returned he dried me and carried me back to the fire
place which now had a roaring fire.

    He placed me in front of the fire and lied down next to me . He took me in
his arms, never taking his eyes off of mine and began to slowly kiss me, it
seems we kissed for hours doing nothing more. Then I felt his hands on my
breasts, tenderly rubbing them, he began playing with my nipples until they were
standing at attention, I closed my eyes as I enjoyed him. Soon I felt him place
something on my breast a clamp of some sort. It attached to my nipple and the
pressure it caused was almost intolerable Trapping the blood in that area and
building up more pressure as the moments went by, then the other one. I drew in
a sharp breath. Even with it being so painful I felt my inner thighs get damp
from my wet pussy. "On your knees " he ordered, and I did. Sitting up straight
sucking my stomach in, pushing my breasts out. He told me to raise my arms and
put my hands behind my head and when I did he cuffed them together, this only
making my breasts stick out further , putting more pressure on my nipples. As I
kneeled like that before him, he began cupping my breasts lifting them up as to
feel their weight then letting them drop. This was creating such a sensation I
didn't know weather I wanted to cum or to cry. Then I felt him behind  me,
running his lips over the marks he had made. I felt his tongue making circles on
my back , getting lower and lower. Until he was at the top of the split in my
ass. He began sliding his tongue down into me, between me, and there was nothing
I could do but endure. He reached around the front of me and began playing with
my clit, rolling it Between his fingers. My breathing beginning to get labored.
I know he felt my wetness. He came around the front of me. He undid his
trousers, stepped out of them and then his boxers. His cock bobbing before my
lips. "Open your mouth" and I did inviting him into it. He placed his cock on my
tongue and I began to form my tongue to the shape of his throbbing organ,
massaging it with my tongue, wrapping my lips tightly around it. Then he began
slowly fucking my face. He reached down and grabbed the leash with was attached
to the collar that he placed around my neck after my bath and held it tightly
not allowing me to move back. He was moving his hips forward and back. His cock
going in and out, faster and faster, deeper and deeper. He was at the back of my
throat now his balls slapping against my chin with every forward thrust. Faster
and faster I could feel his balls tighten up with tension. Then I felt his cock
throb in my throat and I felt him shoot his load to the back of my throat. "Take
it all, don't spill a drop or you'll be very sorry." He gasped. On and on he
seemed to cum I did my best to drink it all down milking him with my lips. Only
when I had swallowed the last bit of it did I release the tension on my lips. I
began to lap at his cock cleansing it. Teasing my tongue into the hole on top.
Tasting him and swallowing all of him. When I was done he tenderly leaned down
and laid me on my back. He took the clamps off my breasts and lifted my arms
above my head he began at my neck kissing and biting and teasing. Seeming to
grow hungry as well as hard all over again. I felt his harness against my thigh.
Then I felt him force my legs apart and he mounted me . I thought he would tease
me softly as he did before. But he slid his cock into me full thrust slamming
into my cervix and making me scream out from pain as well as ecstasy. He left
himself in me at full length and began to rock. He placed his legs an the
outside of mine, so that the angle his cock was created even more tension on my
clit and when he rocked it drove me insane. I began moving my hips under him as
best as I could while being pinned down by his legs. Then he started fucking me
with long slow steady strokes he would do that for a few strokes then pummel me
with his cock. I never knew what was coming next soft slow strokes or hard fast
pounding ones. When I was at the brink of cumming I felt him withdraw himself .
He then grabbed me by my hips and roughly flipped me over. I felt him place both
hands on my hips and begin to ram his dripping cock  into me while pulling me
into him, impaling me with it. He pulled my leash so I had to keep my head up,
then he placed a hand into my hair and ordered me to cum. "CUM NOW MY SLUT" he
yelled. I had no control, my pussy listened to him of its own accord, and let
loose a flood of juices. He was still fucking me hard and the noises my pussy
were making from being soaked and having him slamming into my wetness was very
loud. "CUM JENNIFER" and he buried both hands in my hair and thrust as deep as
he could. I felt another orgasm begin to rise up in me and wave after wave it
came mixing with his own hot fluid which was now emptying inside me. We seemed
to stay there for an eternity, our orgasms simultaneous and never ending or so
it seemed. When he allowed me to I collapsed forward with him on me and very
much still in me. I felt him slide out of me and reach up and bring my head down
to cleanse his cock, which I hungrily did. It seemed I could not get enough and
although I was totally exhausted and could barely move I lapped at his cock
tasting my pungent muskiness with his salty sperm. When I was done he took me in
his arms and we laid like that drifting off to sleep.

 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  April


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





