BDSM Library - Julie's Weekend




Julie's Weekend
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Romanntic weekend gets a little more interesting when the ex girlfriend shows up to try to steal her man back.  Kidnapp, catfight, bondage, turnabout.
Julie's Weekend




Julie's Weekend

*****  CH 1

Her side of the story:

We had been looking to get away for a long time. We had both been so busy with
work and other commitments - not to mention dealing with your former girlfriend,
"Julie" who kept calling and wanting to get together with you again.  It was
going to be a very well deserved  weekend.

We arrived at the hotel after a long drive and decided to take a shower and
relax before we ventured out into the little town.  While you were still in the
shower, I walked down the hallway to get some ice for our drinks. As I was
coming back to our room with the bucket of ice, someone grabbed me from behind
and that's the last thing I remember.

I had been gone awhile and you were thirsty.  You opened the door to the hallway
to see where I was...and saw the ice lying on the floor.....with a note!  It
said that if you wanted to find me you had to come to room 432.  You hurriedly
got dressed and raced to the room and knocked on the door.  It opened and you
slowly walked inside.  The room was very dark.  You were immediately grabbed
from behind and quickly handcuffed.  You struggled to get away but were taken by
surprise.  You recognized Julie's voice when she told you to sit on the chair
that had been placed at the foot of the bed.  It was still very dark and very
hard to see.  After your eyes focused...you could tell it was me lying on the
bed.....hands and feet tied......and I had been gagged and blindfolded.  I also
had headphones placed on my ears so I couldn't hear anything.  You felt very
helpless and your mind began to race. 




Julie's Weekend

Chapter  2   His Side:

continuing, . . ..   you're tied up on the bed, and have been at the mercy of
Julie for hours.  Throughout the ordeal, you notice that I've been very aroused. 
You're not sure whether you should be pissed or happy that seeing you get
spanked turns me on.  You're also very turned on and need to cum.  Your body is
covered with sweat. 

Eventually, I manage to get free.  Julie is on all fours, between your legs,
eating your pussy.  I silently grab some rope from the floor and creep up to the
bed. I can tell that you're about to cum, and she is totally absorbed in her
task.

I grab her arms and quickly pull them behind her back. this causes her to fall
forward, putting her full weight on your cunt.  I lie on top of her as she
starts to struggle, her face still buried in your pussy.  Finally I get her arms
tied, and wrap the rest of the ropes about her feet.

Grabbing the crop, I start to whip her ass hard. after awhile, it's bright red,
and it appears that she's starting to enjoy it. So  stop.  I decide that we need
to settle this thing once and for all.

After thinking for a few minutes I announce a plan.  We will have a wrestling
match. If you win,  Julie will be out of our lives forever. If Julie wins, you
will be her slave for the rest of the weekend. After a little negotiating, it
was added that, if you lose, and become her slave for the weekend, you must be
kept tied all the time, if you are able to escape, the game is over.

You both agree to the terms.  The winner of the match will be decided when the
other person gives up.  you are free to use anything in the room, ( Julie has a
duffel bag full of ropes, cuffs, dildos, and all kinds of other things. )

I untie you both, and you each go to a neutral corner to prepare.  You each put
on a sports bra, panties and a T shirt.  As you approach each other in the
center of the room, you really see her for the first time.  She is a bit taller
than you,  weighs about 50 pounds more, and is very muscular.  You realize that
she has a huge advantage, and you suddenly have second thoughts about this whole
idea.  But, even if your odds are not that good, the opportunity to get Julie
out of your life is too sweet a prize to pass up.

You attack first, charging her and tackling her onto the bed.  You're on top,
your hands are holding her shoulders down. She reaches around you and grabs the
back of your t shirt.  In one motion, she pulls your shirt over your head.  Now
you can't see and your arms are tangled in the shirt. 

She easily throws you off, and you land on your stomach.  Before you can get up,
she is straddling your back,  you can barely move and feel totally helpless. 
Reaching over to the night stand, she grabs a crop and starts smacking your ass.
Your panties offer some protection, but it still stings. She grabs your panties
and pulls up.  Giving you a terrible wedgie.  As your panties press against your
pussy, you spread your legs slightly letting your panties slide in between your
lips.  You are soaking wet.  You are momentarily distracted by this and
automatically start to grind your pussy against the bed.  After several minutes
of pulling on your panties, they finally rip, leaving your ass fully exposed. 
Seconds later, you feel the crop striking your bare ass.  She's swinging hard
and fast.  After a few minutes, your ass is bright pink.  She realizes that you
have too much will power to give up from this, she'll need to intensify things a
bit.

By this time you've managed to get your arms untangles from your t shirt.  But
she is still too heavy for you to get up.  All you can do is endure the whipping
while waiting for an opportunity to escape.  Suddenly, she is off you, but
before you can react, she grabs your ankle and pulls you toward the edge of the
bed.  Grabbing a set of handcuffs, she quickly cuffs your ankle to the bed post. 
You let out a sigh of defeat.  Now she definitely has you.  Unable to move
around very much, it will be easy for her to fully restrain you.  You are
gripped by fear, knowing that with her strength, she can cause some serious pain
with that crop.

You contemplate giving up right now and sparing yourself some pain.  But, then
you realize, if you give up and become her slave, she could whip you all
weekend.  You realized what a no- win situation you're in.  You pull desperately
at the hand cuff.  You look over at me, pleading with your eyes for help.  But,
that wouldn't be fair. We have an agreement. You also notice that I'm stroking
my hard cock.  This pisses you off that I'm enjoying your torment. You silently
vow revenge on me. 

Meanwhile, she's taking her time going around the room and gathering up all the
ropes, and dildos, and putting them on the bed.  Your watch in horror as you see
huge dildos and scary looking nipple clamps being piled on the bed.  Suddenly,
you hear a click.   The cuff to the bedpost was not fully latched, and it just
popped open.  You're ecstatic.  But, she heard it too.  Rushing over, she grabs
your ankle to prevent you from getting away. 

You take the only defensive move you have.  You snap the open cuff to her wrist. 
Now her wrist is cuffed to your leg.  Suddenly, you have the advantage.  But,
she is still much stronger and could drag you around the room by your ankle if
she wanted to.  Before she can get her footing, you stand up.  This has the
effect of yanking her arm to the floor.  After a brief struggle, you are
standing on both of her outstretched arms.  With her hands pinned down, she's
kicking wildly at you trying to knock you off balance.

Reaching over to the bed, you pick up another set of cuffs.  The next time her
leg comes up at you, you grab it and snap the cuff on.  In the process, you
tumble to the floor,  but you accomplished you mission of getting a cuff on her
leg.  As you try to cuff it to her other leg, she spreads her legs.  Her free
hand is clawing at the cuff, trying to get it off.  You seize the opportunity to
snap the open end to her wrist.  Now she has one hand cuffed to your leg, and
the other cuffed to her own leg.  Things are definitely in your favor.

Now, if only you could release your leg from the cuff.  These were her cuffs,
and you didn't know where the key was.  You decide to continue tying her up, so
you help her onto the bed.  As you struggle to position her in the center,
suddenly, you see a key in her hand.  You manage to grab it just as she's about
to free her wrist.  You take the open cuff, and recuff it to her leg.  Now she
has both of her hands cuffed to her right leg.  He left leg is still swinging,
so you grab another set of cuffs, and go for her other leg.  As you struggle to
get the cuff on.  She manages to get you in a scissors hold.  She has your waist
trapped between her thighs, and she's squeezing hard.  She's squeezing the air
out of you, but you manage to cuff her feet together.  Now she's totally bound. 
But you still can't get away.  She orders you to uncuff her or be crushed by her
thighs. You quickly throw the key across the room. You push on her legs to try
to free yourself, but she is just too strong. Your breasts are in range of her
hands, and she begins pinching your nipples as hard as she can.  She torments
your breasts for awhile, but she knows that her only chance is to let you go,
and try to get the key. 

With one final squeeze, she lets you go and rolls off the bed.  You lie there
for a few minutes trying to catch your breath, as she crawls over to the key. 
Just as she's about to get the key, you grab her by the hair and pull her away. 
She screams out as she knows that this will surely mean her defeat.

You're ecstatic on the inside.  Your pussy is gushing with excitement.  This
girl, with superior size and strength, is now at your mercy.  You're not sure
what is more satisfying, that fact that you're going to win the contest, or that
you get to have your revenge on Julie.  Its Win Win

Of course, the contest is not over yet, she still needs to concede victory. 
But, as long as she is not able to escape, you can tease and torment her all day
long.   She's too heavy for you to lift her on the bed, so you get some rope, 
and start tying her to the sofa.  You carefully re arrange the cuffs so that her
right arm is cuffed to her right leg, and her left to left.  Next you tie each
ankle to the legs of the sofa.  Now she has her face on the carpet, her ass in
the air, and her legs spread wide.




Julie's Weekend

CH 3    Your Revenge

You begin by swatting her ass with the crop.

after a few minutes, you decide to check out her tits,  ripping her top off, you
roughly grab her tits and twist her nipples between your fingers.  She moans in
agony. Her tits are rather large, and hanging to the floor. you grab some rope
and begin tying it around her chest. carefully wrapping it around each breast,
soon her tits are tight, throbbing balls of flesh. To top it off, you grab a set
of mean looking nipple clamps and attach them to each nipple. Much to your
delight, she is really starting to squirm now.

You've never been with a woman until tonight, and are a little curious. She
forced herself on you earlier, but now you have time to explore some of your own
curiosities.  Sliding your finger over her pussy, she squirms with pleasure. you
slide 2 fingers into her, and are thrilled at her response.  You get such a
feeling of satisfaction from the control you have over this woman. You find a
large dildo on the bed. In one motion, you ram it into her cunt. She screams in
pleasure. You continue to ram it in and out, as she pants against the carpet.
Then, just before she comes, you pull it completely out and work it into her
ass.  once it is completely buried, you tie a rope through her crotch, to make
sure it stays in place.

You look over to me and see my hard cock. Since Julie isn't going anywhere for
awhile, you come over and start sucking me.  It feels sooo good.  I have to
struggle to keep from cumming. I tell you that I need to fuck you right away. 

You tell me to wait one minute.  You have me help you tie Julie's hands behind
her back.  Then we push her under the bed. 

Now, as we fuck, she will feel every thrust.  Every time I ram my cock into you,
the bedsprings bend, and press into Julie.  Her tied tits take the worst abuse,
the sharp edges of the springs poke her all over.

We fuck as hard as we can for 20 minutes.  Just before I come, you tell me to
stop for a special treat. you lead me back to the chair, and cuff my hands
behind me.  Next you tie my legs apart.  you complete my bondage by putting a
gag in my mouth.

Next, you start sucking my cock.  running your tongue up and down my shaft,
sucking my balls and tonguing my ass. To add to the bondage, you tie a rope
around my cock and balls. I'm still on the verge of cumming.

Now, you are ready for your planned revenge.  You haven't forgotten how much I
enjoyed seeing you whipped. So you take the crop and start in on my thighs.  You
swing for 15 minutes, occasionally 'accidentally' hitting my cock and balls.

I'm in a frenzy, as are you.  You can tell I'm ready to come, and you dive down
on my cock.  You suck me all the way into your mouth.  I start thrashing around,
this prompts you to suck harder.  BUT, the real reason I'm thrashing so hard is
that Julie has gotten free and is coming up behind you. I can only groan through
the gag, as I watch her approach.




Julie's Weekend

CH 4  The Tables turn

You are sucking wildly, when suddenly you feel a sharp pain in your hair.  Julie
has grabbed your hair and easily pulls you off me and throws you on the bed.  I
struggle against my bonds but can't get free from the cuffs.

Julie is quickly on you and cuffs you hands behind your back. Before you even
have time to squirm, she has your feet cuffed together. 

Using a third pair of cuffs, she attaches you hand cuffs with the ankle cuffs,
putting you in a tight hogtie. After checking my bonds to be sure I can't get
free, she heads off to the shower.

after about 20 minutes, she returns, looking very refreshed.  "WELL", she says,
"it looks like we're right back where we started.", " only this time, I have a
score to settle with both of you." 

Examining her bruises and scratches, she vowed to give you at least double.  And
for me, since I helped to tie her up, I had forfeited the contest.  She was
claiming us both for the weekend. To do whatever she pleased.  As she paraded
around, I noticed several marks from the bedsprings.  Apparently, there were
some sharp ends under the bed, and she used that to cut the rope.

It was now about 2:00 am.  And we were all exhausted.  Julie tied us tightly
together on the bed, and then went to sleep on the other bed.

When we awoke, all of our bonds were gone, except that our hands were still
cuffed behind our backs.

We both sat up as Julie began speaking.  "I've been doing some thinking, and I
realize that I won't be able to come between you.  So, I propose we call the
contest a tie.  The result will be;  both of you will be my slaves for the rest
of the weekend, and after that, I'll leave you alone."  "Agreed?"

We both nodded.  Relieved that it was a victory in some regards. All we had to
do is endure whatever Julie had in store for us. 




Julie's Weekend

Ch 5 The new game

Before the day's activities were to begin, we all went for breakfast.  It was a
little awkward, knowing that within minutes, we would be totally at the mercy of
this woman.  Yet, here we were enjoying a pleasant breakfast, talking about the
weather.

When we returned to the room, the atmosphere suddenly changed.  As soon as the
door had closed, she began barking orders.  "On your knees!"  . . "hands behind
your back!"  We both complied immediately, something which sort of surprised me.

She began by rattling off some ground rules. 

#1.  The word "no" was not part of our vocabulary.
#2.  All commands must be followed immediately.
#3.  Severe punishments will be awarded for even the tiniest infraction.
#4.  We were not to speak unless asked a direct question.
#5.  We were to address her as mistress.


As she was listing the rules, she was pacing back and forth behind us, smacking
the crop against her hand.  I was tingling with nervous excitement.  Part fear,
part anticipation, and part hornyness.  Glancing at you out of the corner of my
eye, your hard nipples and dripping pussy gave away your feelings.

First, I'm ordered to lie over the edge of the bed.  Julie hands you a dildo,
and tells you to stick it in my ass.  You lube it up real good.  I can't see,
but can hear smack of the lube.  Next I feel the cold tip touch my ass.  Gently,
you increase pressure, until the head starts to move in. I let out a groan as I
feel my ass being stretched.  "I thought I said no talking!"  Julie yells,
startling us both.  She quickly strikes my ass several times with the crop.  "I
hope you learn to follow instructions soon, or this weekend is going to be very
painful."   To make her point, she gags me.  Next she smacks you several times
on your ass.  "lets not take all day." She barks.

You quickly push the dildo all the way in as Julie continues to whip your ass.  
I yell into the gag but it goes unnoticed.   You fall onto the bed next to me,
both panting, and starting to wonder what we've gotten ourselves into. 

Julie wants to do some shopping.  And wants me to go with since we'll be going
to the hardware store.   The plan is to leave you tied up in the room while
we're gone.  This has you a bit steamed. The thought of her and I out shopping,
TOGETHER, while you're left to suffer.  You're about to protest, but seeing
Julie with the crop in her hand stops you before making a sound.

Just as we're about to leave, Julie looks back at the room and notices how messy
it is.  "We better have room service clean it while we're gone." she says. 
"That means we'll have to hide my lovely little slave."

Pulling the sheet off the bed, I help her roll you into it so you're completely
covered.  Then we push you under the bed.   "I hope she doesn't clean TOO
thoroughly." Julie says as we leave the room. 

You lie there thinking about your predicament.  Here you are, a respected member
of society,  naked, tied, hiding under a hotel bed, hoping that you're not
discovered by the cleaning lady.  All by the whim of a younger woman, who you
are superior to in every way.

You have no idea how much time has past. It seems like hours. You try to amuse
yourself by thinking of ways to get revenge on Julie, but even that gets boring. 
( you can only tie and whip someone so many times. )

The vibrator in your pussy has you on the edge, but you know you'll never be
able to come unless you can touch your clit.

Suddenly, you hear a key in the lock, and your heart stops.  It amazing how well
you can hear when you can't see anything.  You hear the squeak of the cleaning
cart as she moves it into the room. 

You listen intently as she moves around the bed, changing the sheets. You begin
to sweat, party from being wrapped tightly in the sheet, but mostly from fear. 
How would you ever explain this if you were caught.  You can't claim to be
kidnapped, your own boyfriend helped to tie you up.  You begin to panic a
little. Can you be arrested for being naked under a hotel bed?  You're not sure. 

One thing is sure, you would surely die of embarrassment.  Suddenly you notice
that your pussy is throbbing.  All the adrenaline has you on the verge of
orgasm.  You whimper into the gag, praying that she doesn't hear.  What about
the vibrator? can she hear that?  She seems to be singing to herself, she must
have a Walkman on, Thank God.  You let out a tiny sigh of relief as she starts
the vacuum.  She must be almost done.  Just a quick run with the vac and she'll
be out of there.  As soon as she leaves, you 'll start pulling on you crotch
rope and give yourself the orgasm you deserve. 

As she vacuums under the bed, you feel it touch your leg.  Your heart stops
again.  You pray the she doesn't look down to see what it hit.  You exhale as
she moves on.   Now on the other side, the vacuum touches you again.  But this
time, it catches on the sheet and sucks it in.  You nearly scream.  She pulls
the vacuum away and looks down to see what it hit.  She pulls at the sheet and
realizes that its too heavy to pull out.  Your mind is racing.  You've been
discovered!!  What will you do? What will you say?  What possible explanation
can you have for being willfully tied up, hiding under a bed?

You hear her call a co worker in her thick Mexican accent.  From the hallway,  a
man answers.  You can barely hear him enter over the pounding of your heart. 
Just what you need, an audience!  He bends down and tugs at the sheet.  You just
lie perfectly still, petrified.  Just when you think this can't get any worse,
he says, " That could be a body, we better call the cops."  Now, you know you're
in trouble.  Even if you're not arrested, you're sure to make the papers.  Even
though this is a small town, the news could filter back you your home.  You let
out a small whimper. 

Moments later, you feel yourself being pulled out from under the bed. The
thought of claiming you were kidnapped suddenly seems more attractive.  Time is
moving in slow motion as they unroll you.  You don't know how many people are in
the room, but you're sure you've got quite an audience.

As you are finally exposed from the sheet, you roll on your stomach.  You don't
have the will to roll over and face your discoverers.  The room is painfully
silent.  You feel hands grabbing at your side to roll you over.  You try to
resist slightly. Suddenly, you feel a sharp smack on your ass.  Someone just hit
you with a crop! Then you hear Julie's voice, "When I say roll over, you roll
over!"  that was followed by another slap.

As your eyes focused, you saw Julie and I standing over you grinning.   You were
hating us right now, but were never happier to see Julie or me. 

As your mind began to work again. You realized it was all a trick.  Julie paid
off the cleaning lady to let her clean the room herself.




Julie's Weekend

 Ch 6 Shopping

An overwhelming sense of relief you felt was quickly replaced with plots for
revenge.

Your mind was still spinning as you finally caught your breath and your heart
rate returned to normal. 

We moved you to the closet and closed the door.  It was suddenly very dark, and
very quiet.  You listened intently as we left and locked the door behind us. 

You lied there for awhile, contemplating your situation. You had already
prepared yourself to endure whatever she could dish out, but, the way things
were going so far, It seemed that you were getting the worst of it, and that I
was getting off easy.  Of course, I did still have a dildo in my ass, this
brought a small smile to your face knowing that I must be in some discomfort.

As the minutes ticked by, you began to fantasize, about what had happened to
you, and what was  yet to come.  You also thought about what you would do if you
had the upper hand.  If only you had not stopped to give me a blowjob, you would
be in control right now, and have 2 slaves at your feet.

You really needed to come bad.  The vibrator was still buzzing in your cunt, but
that wasn't nearly strong enough to get you off.  By pulling on the ropes from
behind, you could create some pressure on your clit, but at the same time, the
ropes cut into the tender flesh of your lips, causing some pinching and sharp
pains.  You continued pulling though, trying to focus on your clit and not the
pain.   After about 15 minutes, you give up in frustration.

You begin to wonder what Julie and I are up to.  Probably off having a drink and
laughing about leaving you tied and frustrated in the closet. Your anger
increases.  You begin pulling and struggling against the ropes. If only you
could get free, you  could have a little surprise waiting when we get back.

After what seems like an eternity, you hear the door open and our voices.

"Quickly boy, unpack my thing and lay them out on the bed.  We need to get you
both dressed for lunch."  "And while you're at it, why don't you get your little
friend out of the closet and spread her out on the bed too."

I opened the closet door to see you glaring up at me.  Looking up, you couldn't
help noticing that I was wearing a dog collar, with a small medallion hanging
from it.  On the medallion was engraved the word 'slave' on one side , and 'cunt
licker' on the other.  You could see in my eyes, that my morning was probably
just as bad, if not worse than yours.  This gave you some weird sense of
satisfaction.  

>>>You found out later, that our shopping trip was one humiliating experience
after another.  This was a small town, so there were no sex shops.  But, she
managed to improvise.   Starting with the hardware store, she purchased some
rope, duct tape, and about 50 various pieces of hardware, hooks, pulleys, etc.
..  The whole time, I was forced to walk 3 steps behind her, with my head facing
down.

The next stop was Walmart.   We went over the entire store.  In the pet area,
she had me try on and model several collars.  She purchased several outfits, for
each of us.  All very tacky. She picked up a large bag of clothes pins, and
opened it.  She wanted to try them out to make sure they worked before she
bought them.  She placed several on various places of my body, right there in
the aisle.  She bought the bag, but left the clothespins on me, luckily I wasn't
caught for shoplifting.

At the town jeweler, she had my medallion engraved, while we both stood there
and waited.  The old jeweler really wasn't sure what to do, other than fill the
customer's order.  He did it, but was shaking as we, ( I ) paid for it.

Along the way, I had earned a wide array of punishments for talking, walking too
fast, walking too slow, etc. . .    <<<<


I carry you to the bed and begin to undo your bonds.  You're pretty stiff from
being tied for so long. But you're determined not to show any signs of weakness.
Soon we're both naked.   She instructs me to remove the butt plug and put on
some tight jeans. 




Julie's Weekend

CH 7 Lunch


Soon we were ready to go out for lunch.  You are wearing a short miniskirt, and
a tight half sweater.  I am wearing some tight jeans, and a button shirt, with
the top 3 buttons opened to show off my medallion, which was now attached to a
gold chain.

She also had a present for you, another medallion necklace.  Yours is engraved
with the words 'pussy whipper' and on the other side 'cum slut'.  You wanted to
quite the game right now, to avoid wearing such a degrading necklace.  Your
pride forced you to carry on.  You knew she wanted you to quit, to show weakness
in front of me.  This strengthened your resolve.  If she thought an embarrassing
necklace would send you running home, she had better think again. You were
determined to win this battle of wills.

You had no panties or bra, and as you walked, you your breasts bounced freely,
you could feel cool breezes teasing your wet cunt.

Once in the elevator, Julie pulled a large lifelike dildo from her purse.  She
tells you to put it in your cunt, before the doors open again.  You took it and
crouch down in the corner, and start to work it in.  Luckily we were on the top
floor and had a long elevator ride.  you had it about half way in, when you feel
the elevator slowing.  It was stopping on a middle floor to pick someone up!! 

You immediately start to stand and straighten your skirt, when Julie cut you
off.  "Oh no you don't! I gave you an order.  If you don't finish that right
now, I'll raise your skirt and spank you right here."  You watch the door with
fear in your eyes. 

You grab it with both hands and push. Its a little painful. but you manage to
get it all the way in and your skirt straightened and stand up just as the doors
open and several business men walk in. Your heart is racing, and your face is
flushed.  Your pussy is on fire, partly from the huge dildo, but mostly from the
rush of excitement from nearly being caught.  That would certainly give them
something to talk about back home.  They nearly walked in to see you crouching
on the floor of the elevator, shoving a huge dildo into you pussy.

Everyone was silent as the elevator continued its decent.  Before reaching the
bottom, Julie casually remarkes. "you had better not let that fall out, or
you'll be carrying it in your mouth for the rest of the day."

The businessmen certainly had no clue what she was talking about, but even so,
your knees went weak as her threat registered in your mind. 

As you exited the elevator and walked towards the restaurant, you could feel it
starting to slide.  Luckily there was a wait at the for the table. You quickly
found a chair and sat down.  This shoved the dildo all the way in.  You let out
as small gasp as you felt its fullness. You keep your legs pressed tightly
together as you sit.  Wearing a miniskirt and no panties would give everyone a
nice view of your pussy if you weren't careful.  A view of you pussy would be
one thing, but they would also see the end of the dildo too.

When our table is ready, you slowly get up and walk gingerly to your seat.

You're thankful that it's a relatively secluded booth.




Julie's Weekend

Ch 8  Lunch from her point of view


I was thankful to sit down.  Lunch was relatively uneventful.  As we were
finishing our entrees, Julie asked if I wanted to remove the dildo.  I quickly
said yes.  As I got up to go to the bathroom, she stopped me and said, "Right
here!"

Doh!  What else could I do?  I really wanted it out.  So I lifted up slightly,
and it slid right out with a pop.  As I laid it on the seat next to me, she
commanded, "Put it up on the table."   I slowly lifted it to that table, and hid
it behind the ketchup bottle. 

We finished lunch without incident and went back to our room.  Once inside, we
were ordered to strip again, and Julie announced that she had a little contest
planned. 

It would be a wrestling match.  First you and I would wrestle, and the winner of
that match would wrestle Julie.  I was so pumped up that I couldn't wait to
start.  I was going to KICK your ass!! . . and still have enough left over to
give Julie the spanking of her life. 

Julie continued explaining the rules.  A match would consist of 3 rounds. Each
round would last 10 minutes.  The only catch is that the winner of each round
would have to wear some type of restraint for the next round.   That would make
it more fair.

We were both allowed to wear underwear.  Now the match  was about to begin. 
I attacked first, grabbing your arm and trying to throw you down. You went down,
but dragged me down with you. We rolled around for awhile and I could see that
you were going to easily win this one.   I decided to save my strength for the
next round.  With some restraints on you, I should have a better chance.  I
relaxed and let you pin me.  As we were getting up, Julie said.  ." not so fast,
you still have 5 more minutes, keep going."  You quickly threw me down again,
and began tying my hands together.  Then you tied my legs to the bedposts,
lifting them high in the air.  I was totally spread out.   You had better hope I
never get away.  Once I was securely tied. You begin fingering my pussy. I then
realized how wet I was.  My panties were soaked through.  You continue to focus
on my clit. I was just about to come when the timer went off.  The match was
over. You untied me, and I got up on shaky legs.  I really needed to come. 

Since you had won, you had to wear some restraints.  Julie ordered you to cuff
your ankles together for the next match.  NOW, I was going to kick your ass.

We started the next round with us both kneeling on the bed.  you quickly had me
on my back and were trying to tie me up again. Because you weren't as mobile, I
was able to slip away.   Getting off the bed, you couldn't follow me. Running
around the bed, I was able to get behind you , and push you  down.  After a
brief struggle. I had you  on your back and was straddling your face.  "You
better finish what you started last time ." I say as I grind my sopping pussy
against your mouth.  You eagerly lick me.  I can see that you've resigned the
match, so I reach back and grab for your cock. It's rock hard, and poking
through your shorts.  I spin around to a 69 position.  You continues to suck my
clit, and I take your cock in my mouth. Now this is how the weekend was SUPPOSED
to go. I look over at Julie and smile.  She's looking a little pissed. Then
suddenly I get a great idea.  If I can make you come, you won't be in any shape
to wrestle. I'll win the next round, and then I'll kick Julie's ass.

I continue sucking, giving you  the best blowjob of your life.  But, too much
time has already passed.  the bell rings, ad you didn't have time to come. 
Since I won that round, I was now required to wear a restraint.  Julie hands me
some cuffs and orders me to cuff my feet. 

Now we would be pretty even. I can only hope that your cock will be enough of a
distraction to hinder your performance.

We both start on the bed again.  I can't help but to stare at your cock hanging
between your legs.  That distraction allowed you  to knock me on my back.  I
cursed.  Well, two can play at that game.  Your still hopelessly addicted to
boobs.  So I shout, " WAIT, MY BOOB!"  and rip my bra off.  You stopped
immediately, thinking I may have been hurt.  I slowly examine my breast, 
pulling at the nipple, squeezing them together.  Your cock was now at full
attention.  I lifted my breast to your face and asked if you could see anything. 
you instinctively brought your mouth to my nipple and sucked it.   That was all
I needed. I quickly threw my body over yours and had you  on your back in no
time.  You struggled for several minutes and was finally able to throw me off. I
was on my stomach as you quickly pulled my arms behind me and tied my hands
together.

Danm!!!    You finish by tying my ankles to my hands, then whisper in my ear. 
"its better this way, I have a better chance at beating her, and then we can
continue OUR weekend. "  and you promised that it would be a great weekend from
here on out.

That gave me some comfort. I wanted to get back to relaxing as soon as possible.  
Of course, that mean I first had to watch you  rolling around half naked with
your ex girlfriend.  Now I was getting pissed again.

Seconds later the bell sounded.  The match was over.  Julie declared you  the
winner.  As you started to untie me, Julie stopped you . 
"I want her to stay just like that as she watches us."  Now I was furious.  I
started swearing and yelling.  Julie came over and put a gag in my mouth.  That
didn't stop me from yelling though. You just couldn't make out what I was
saying.

You went looking for the key to the cuffs.  Reaching over to the night stand,
you grabbed it and started to undo them.  Julie said, "no. I never said anything
about removing restraints. "

No, this could be a problem.  Julie weighed a bit more than you, and was
probably just as strong.  And with your legs tied, she could have you  pinned in
no time.

As Julie strips to her underwear, getting ready for her bout.  I realize that
that I had been set up.  She knew that you would beat me, and she planned this
so she would get to wrestle you while I had to watch.  I lied there on the sofa,
glaring at both of you, unable to move in my bonds.

Your legs were still cuffed, so she had a huge advantage.  It wasn't long before
she had you on your back and was straddling you chest. She had your arms pinned
to your side, as she slowly inched her crotch closer to you face.

You squirm helplessly as she reached back to rub your crotch through your
underwear.

She removed her bra, and leaned down, letting her breasts hang in your face. 
She pressed her tit against you mouth and ordered you to suck.  I was getting
really pissed at this.  Especially when you sucked her nipple into her mouth. 
Suddenly she screamed and jerked away.  You had bitten her nipple.  It must have
been pretty hard, because I could still see some teeth marks.  Ok, you earned a
few points back.  But I was still going to kick your ass when I got free.

She  retaliated by reaching back and pulling out your cock. grabbing it at the
base, she squeezed very hard.  This made the head swell up bigger than I've ever
seen it. . It looked like a balloon ready to pop. She held her grip for several
minutes, the head was now purple and throbbing.  She turned around and brought
her mouth down on your cock. You let out a small shriek of pain.  That must be
very sensitive. 

After a few licks, she released her grip, and you went soft again.  At that
point, the timer rang, and the match was over.



As you got off the bed, you were holding your groin.  Apparently still a bit
sore.  Since Julie won, she was obligated to put on some ankle cuffs too. After
a few minutes, you were both ready again.  Kneeling in the center of the bed,
you knew you were in trouble, she still had a slight strength advantage.   I was
getting tired of watching this, as I turned my head away when something shiney
on the carpet caught my eye. The handcuff key!!! I quickly rolled off the sofa
and landed on the floor with a thud.  Julie looked over and but didn't pay much
attention.  She was busy tying your hands behind your back.  Grabbing your cock
again, she was quickly able to subdue you.  Ever so quietly, I worked the key
into the handcuffs.  My heart was pounding.  Now, I was finally going to get
even. Her legs were still cuffed, so I should have half a chance at beating her. 
I just had to wait for the right moment.

By now, Julie had finished tying you hands behind your back and rolled you over.  
She also tied your ankle cuffs to your hands which forced your knees wide  open. 

"Well, she said, what do we have here?" " I think I'll claim my prize now."  She
once again grabbed the base of your cock, squeezing it and making it hard.  Then
she started sucking.  .long deep strokes.  finally I was free from the cuffs. 
Silently, I crept up behind her.  She was kneeling between you legs,  her head
bobbing up and down as she sucked you.  She hadn't seen me yet, so I pounced.  
Landing on her back and knocking her to the bed.  This forced you cock all the
way into her mouth as her face fell into you crotch.   Before she could react, I
grabbed her arms and cuffed them behind her back.  Her mouth was still impaled
on you cock since she was unable to raise her upper body.  I picked her up by
the hair and rolled her off you.  She just lied there, gasping for air.  I guess
its hard to breath with a cock down you throat.

You thanked me for saving you, but I wasn't ready to untie you yet.  You seemed
to be enjoying this whole thing a bit too much.  As Julie recovered, I dragged
her to the floor.  I laid her on her back and cuffed her legs to the sofa.




Julie's Weekend

CH 9 My Revenge -  ( Her side )



As much as I wanted to grab your cock and shove it in me.  I wanted to tease you
and her for awhile first.   Getting some rope, I tied it around your cock and
balls, not too tight, but then ran the end of the rope to your feet.  If you
moved in the slightest, you would tighten the rope around your cock.   That
should keep you in check for awhile. 

Then I went over to Julie. She started about yelling about it not being fair. .
but, I reminded her of the original rules.  " If the slave were to get free,
then the contest was over"  So, since I was able to free myself. the contest is
over and we are no longer her slaves.  Everything that happens from now on was
just for fun.   ( fun for me anyway )

I had spent the last 24 hours planning what I would do to both of you once I got
the upper hand.  Now it was payback time.  I was going to make sure that she
remember this for weeks to come.

With her hands cuffed behind her back, she was forced to arch her back, which
made her large breasts a tempting target. 

Choosing a nice crop, I really laid into her.  after 5 minutes, she was sobbing,
and her breasts and chest were pink. I decided to give her a little rest and
work on you for awhile. 


I come over to you on the bed and uncuff your ankles.  You know better than to
try to resist.  You can see that I'm pissed.   I grab the rope around you cock
and lead you over to the couch. 

I bend you over the arm rest and tie your feet the to sofa legs.  then I uncuff
you hands and tie them to the opposite end of the couch.  You are now naked,
bent over the sofa, with you ass sticking out, just begging to be whipped.  I
pick up the crop and start in on your ass. . soon, its a nice hue of pink.  Your
cock is pushed up against you stomach, and I can see you trying to rub against
the couch as I spank you.

I return to Julie.   From your position on the couch, you have a perfect view of
everything I do.  I want to you watch as I give Julie what she deserves, and
wants.   She watches me nervously as I pick up a long piece of rope.  
Straddling her, I  plop down on her stomach, and start playing with her tits.  I
lift each one by the nipple. squeezing and pinching hard until she yelps in
pain.  The I life them up one at a time, and while holding it by her nipple, I
tightly wrap the rope around the base of each one.   I wrap it so tight I can
see the skin of each breast stretched taught.  Her nipples are rock hard and
pointing at the ceiling.  

Next I take some clothespins.  her nipples are too taught to attach it.  But I'm
determined to do this.  I grab a nipple and crush it between my fingers, I see
the look of anguish on her face even though she says nothing.  I pull hard on
her nipple, pulling it up and away from her body, then I'm able to slip the
clothes pin on before it returns to its original shape.  She lets out a small
whimper as I repeat the process on her other tit.   Once done, she tries to
relax, I give her a minute to catch her breath.   But only a minute.  As soon as
she hears me light a candle, she starts squirming like crazy. 

I let several candles burn for awhile, building up a good supply of hot wax.

While we wait for that, I come over to you and pull your cock down between your
legs.  Its not easy, but I manage to suck it for a minutes, tasting the precum
that has been waiting hours to come out.   Smacking my lips, I return to Julie. 

I reach down to her breasts.  Grabbing one fully in my hand, I squeeze until the
clothespin pops off. ..The generated some nice moans out of her. 

She has a scared look in her eye as I get a few candles off the dresser.  I
stand above her, and slowly tip the candle. She closes her eyes in anticipation. 
The first drop lands on her breast, missing her nipple.   I continue to pour the
wax all over her breasts.  Then a second one.  Soon there is a thick coating of
wax covering her breasts.   With the third candle, I dribble a trail down her
stomach. 

She begs me to stop.   I set the candle down and rub her gently through her
panties.  I have no intention of stopping. I slowly start to remove her panties. 
She tries to resist by keeping her butt pressed against the carpet.  "So, you
want them up?" I ask.  I respond to her defiance by grabbing the sides of her
panties and pulling up as hard as I can.  This gives her a huge wedgie, the
material is pulled tightly into her pussy.  I continue yanking and pulling until
the seams on the sides tear through.   Now, I slowly pull them down her front,
teasingly pulling away from where they were embedded in the pussy.  She lets out
a little moan as I pick up the candle again. 

I start at her thigh, and dribble a trail of wax up her leg. She cringes as I
get closer to her pussy. She lets out a scream as the first drops hit her pussy. 
We can't be waking the neighbors, so I take her soaked panties, and stuff them
into her mouth.  That shuts her up pretty well. 

Its hard to hit her pussy with the candle, and I don't want to hold it open and
get wax on my fingers. So I go get the bag of clothes pins again.  I look over
at you and smile .. you are loving the show.  I can also see you rubbing your
cock against the sofa. Its huge.  I start attaching clothespins to her lips, 4
on each side.  then I pull them apart and tape them to her legs.  her pussy is
now spread wide open. Her clit is poking out begging to be touched.  I reach
over and give it a gentle caress. She lets out a moan of pleasure.  Before she
gets to much enjoyment, I come down with the crop. Right on her clit.  She lets
out a short scream into the gag.  Then I stand over her once again, and begin
dripping wax on her stomach.  She knows what's next and begins to squirm.  It
does her no good.  The wax hits everywhere.  Every time it hits her clit, her
hips jump up.  Its kind of amusing.  I get the 4th candle, and soon her pussy is
completely covered with hot wax.   Matt is going crazy on the sofa and says "I
love it when you're so dominant."  I smile back and say "then you're going to
love this next part." 

I walk over to the bed and put on a medium size strap on dildo. I go over to
Julie and kneel between her legs.  You interrupt, "wait, I can't see."  that was
just the cue I was waiting for.  I get up and get another vibrator off the bed.
I turn it on and slide it into Julie's ass.  her hands are still behind her
back, and she can just barely reach it.  I tell her to get herself off with it. 
She immediately starts ramming it in and out of her ass.  You are going crazy at
the sight of her depravity. Her boobs are flopping around, causing cracks to
develop in the wax encasement.  You're watching so intently that you don't
notice me coming up behind you.   My 'cock' is totally lubed up, and positioned
right at your ass.  You let out a yell as I start to press it into you.  you
struggle, but there is no where for you to go. I continue pressing very slowly.
Inch by inch it disappears into your ass. Once you are fully impaled, I begin to
slowly withdraw.  When I'm about halfway out, I change course and push back in. 
Your still staring intently at Julie, writhing on the floor.  I tell you to take
a good look at what a slut she is.  Tied, and tortured, but so desperate to
come, that she'll fuck her own ass to get off.  I continue fucking your ass with
the dildo. Suddenly you let out a groan and I see your cum running down the side
of the sofa.  "well" I say, "you must be some little vixen too,  " I didn't
think you would come from getting fucked in the ass". . You were horribly
embarrassed, but at the moment, your brain as trying to recover from such an
intense orgasm.

"You had better hope you can get it up again, or I'll have to fuck your ass all
night!" 

I tie you spread eagle to the bed.  Your cock is limp and dribbling the last of
your cum out.  I think the best way to get you hard, is to let you watch me
whipping Julie. . .Fun for everyone!

But, then again, I suppose it wouldn't hurt to stick a vibrator in your ass. 
That should get you going.  You're still pretty sore, so I get a small one and
work it into your ass.  With the addition of a few ropes, I'm ready to work on
Julie.

She's had several orgasms, and is lying there half asleep.   I uncuff her legs
and help her up.  I lay her over the arm of the sofa, where I had you tied
minutes ago.  Most of the wax is off her breasts by now, and they look a little
purple.  I better untie them. I loosen the ropes and she screams out as
circulation is restored to her breasts.  She squirms about for awhile, then I
start in on her with the crop again.  It's a thin crop and is making some nice
lines on her ass.  I look over and see your cock starting to rise. 

I think she's ready for a good fucking.  I put on the strap on again, this time
with a slightly larger dildo.  I walk in front of her and tell her to suck it. 
She obediently takes the whole thing in her mouth.  I grab her by the hair and
begin thrusting my 'cock' down her throat.  My heart is pounding!  Its such a
thrill to have such control and dominance over this woman.  The same woman who
held me at her mercy for the last 24 hours.  I fucked harder and told her to
suck it like the slut she was.  That just encouraged her.  Even though I didn't
get much physical pleasure, I was having mental orgasms. 

She was grunting and covered with sweat.  Time for a change.  I moved behind her
and positioned my 'cock' at her ass.  I slowly worked it in as she ground back
against me.  She was thrusting her hips with mine, grinding her pussy against
the sofa.  I didn't want her to come, so I stopped after about 5 minutes.  I
unbuckled the strapon, and took it off, leaving the cock in her ass.

Looking over to you, your cock was rock hard.  I jumped on the bed and took you
cock in my mouth for a few minutes.  When I was ready, I stood on the bed, my
feet on either side of your hips.  I danced seductively, as I slowly lowered my
pussy towards your cock. 

You began thrusting in anticipation.  Finally you were inside me.  For the First
time that weekend.  I couldn't believe how good it felt.  You are soo good,
you're  the best ever, a god among men.  What all women lust after. ( ok, got
carried away, LOL )

I began fucking as hard as I could.  Slamming down on you, grinding my clit
against your pubic bone.  I leaned forward to kiss you. 

Our mouths met and it was electric. Our tongues danced as your cock impaled me
over and over.  My world was spinning.  My orgasm was long overdue, and it was
going to be a big one.  Suddenly, I felt something on the bed behind me.   Juile
was on the bed!! And she was wearing the strapon!!  She pushed me down.  Still
impaled on your cock, I was unable to move. Nor did I want to.  She slowly
worked her dildo into my.  It was incredible.  She was holding my arm, pulling
them, back towards her, as shr thrust into my ass.  The pain was exquisite.  But
it quickly subsided and was replaced by a growing intensity that I had never
felt before.  Soon you both caught your rhythm.  You were both fucking in
sequence, sawing back and forth inside me.  I had no control over my body.   I
was so over stimulated I thought I would die.  All I was aware of was this
incredible fire, centered in my pussy and ass.  Julie released my arms and was
slapping my ass as I came. I let out a scream the would wake the neighbors back
home.  It seemed to last forever. Neither of you were letting up!!!  My screams
only encouraged both of you to fuck fasted and harder.  My body was wracked by a
second and third orgasm before I felt your hot cum splashing inside me.   It was
so intense that my whole body went limp as I flopped down on top of you.  Julie
flopped down too, totally exhausted. 

We rested just like that for a few minutes.  She was the first to get up. 
Before I was able to life myself off you cock, I felt Julies tongue on my ass. 
I was still pretty stretched from the dildo, and she was sticking her tongue
into my ass!!  I shuddered, but my body couldn't take any more. Completely
exhausted, we all headed to our respective rooms.  You went first, I stayed a
few minutes to gather up a few things. 

Before I left, Julie gave me a hug.  I was a bit surprised by her sudden
tenderness.  She said she wasn't sure what had all happened, but she has never
had such intense orgasms as when she was tied and at my mercy.  She'd been tied
and spanked before, but never tormented and humiliated so severely.  She slipped
me her card, and asked me to call her if I ever wanted to play some games one on
one.  I said I'd have to think about it.  I know that I'll never call, but, I'll
keep the card somewhere safe.  Who knows.  




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dmatt


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





