BDSM Library - Engaged and Committed




Engaged and Committed
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Michael always had fantasies in the dominance and submission with her nurse girl friend. She figured that out and committed him into the hospital she's working. Her nurse friends came to help and the situation was a little bit out of her hand.
ENGAGED AND COMMITTED




ENGAGED AND COMMITTED

CHAPTER ONE



Michael's thoughts this Bank Holiday weekend were of his fiancï¿½e, Leasa, as
he pulled into the drive of her house. He knew he was lucky. She was a 28
year old knockout -- tall, athletic, full figured with blue eyes and honey
blond hair falling just past her shoulders. Leasa was a very professional
senior staff nurse at the Windsor Institute, a highly regarded psychiatric
hospital and alcohol/drug treatment facility located in a remote area
outside of town. Leasa was always serious about her work and its
importance, although Michael generally understood the clientele to largely
consist of teenagers committed by their rich parents unable to deal with
them. Each year at this time the hospital closed for two weeks to allow for
staff vacations and training, and Michael and Leasa had planned for a three
day trip on this weekend to celebrate their recent engagement, but Leasa
had called that afternoon with a change in plans. She explained that a few
very high pay patients had made arrangements to stay over for some extra
days until their parents could pick them up to go straight to boarding
schools. Leasa said that she was being left in charge of the place for this
purpose with a few other staff members while all the doctors,
administrative staff and most of the nurses went to their seminars, etc.
She promised that she would just have to stay in town to be on call and
that they could still spend their celebration vacation at her house and she
would make it special. Michael acted disappointed as best he could, with
the secret satisfaction that the change in plans left just that much more
time for bedroom activities.

Michael let himself in Leasa's house to find it empty but with a message on
Leasa's machine to call her at the hospital. Leasa herself answered and
sheepishly said, "I've got to stand you up for the weekend because of
another development. One of my nurses went home sick with the flu and I
have to stay over this weekend." But she quickly added, "You could come out
and we can go to dinner when the night nurse arrives." Michael dutifully
agreed and departed on the 20 minute drive out to the hospital, all the way
inwardly groaning in frustration.

Shortly after dark he arrived at the long driveway to the Windsor
Institute and pulled into the parking lot. Michael had never visited Leasa
at work, but easily found his way into the dimly lit and unstaffed lobby
reception area. The multi-level hospital facility looked modern enough, but
the dark remote location of this "hospital" conjured strange thoughts in
his mind. Michael found a buzzer button near the only inside door in the
reception area. The door was a heavy steel barrier with a narrow vertical,
wire mesh glass panel down one side.

Leasa promptly appeared on the other side of the door and pressed a key
into the door which snapped open a heavy lock to admit him. Leasa embraced
Michael with a passionate kiss and hug and whispered apologies in his ear
for spoiling the weekend. Michael had always found Leasa, when dressed in
nursing uniform, strangely and profoundly provocative. He had plenty of
fantasies in the dominance and submission realm into which an authoritative
nurse played well.

Tonight was no different. Leasa was wearing a body hugging white
jumpsuit nurse uniform with white leather sneakers and had her hair back in
a high pony tail. Leasa then stated that it might be a while before they
could leave because the relief nurse was going to be late. She said, "It
might be pretty late for you to drive back to your apartment, so why don't
you just stay at my place?" She laughingly added, "I could let you stay
here, but you probably wouldn't enjoy the accommodations."

Michael quipped back "Well, I thought you had some soft rooms here."
Leasa responded with a laugh, "Well yes, but the patients staying over are
all female and we would have to lock out the different wards if a male
visitor stays overnight, and it would be like keeping you in jail." He
countered, "And you're the warden right?"

They both laughed and then Leasa offered a tour of the facility while they
waited. They proceeded down the main ward areas and Leasa showed him the
spartan patient rooms with just a hospital bed, small table and chair in
each.

Michael noticed the stout looking locks on the doors and sealed window and
noted to Leasa that her "jail" looked secure enough for teenagers. Leasa
explained,

"This is a considered a secure facility, and even the voluntary patients
can have a enforced three day detention period imposed if they try to
leave. When we go downstairs you'll see the environment is even more
strict." Leasa led him through a few more locked passage doors to an
elevator to the lower level. They stopped to check a video monitor at the
nurse's station, showing a scene of three teenage girls watching television
upstairs in their ward lounge area. "We have cameras set up throughout the
facility so we can monitor or record activity in each area or ward," Leasa
explained, flipping the controls to pan several rooms. "Don't look like
much of escape risks to me", Michael told Leasa. "No, just here for
baby-sitting", she agreed. "But we do get an occasional patient who is
difficult and that's the purpose of all the security here in the lower
level." Michael noticed that the floor was lined with heavier steel doors
with observation ports. She guided him to the end of the hallway and turned
a light control knob and opened a door to show him a padded cell.

Several inches of deep foam covered with a blue rubberized nylon material
covered all the walls, floor and inside of the door of the bare room which
measured about ten foot square. "We have two of these seclusion rooms for
violent or unpredictable patients, which allows us the maximum state
certification" she stated. "Hey a room that's a mattress", laughed Michael.

Leasa demonstrated the protective nature of the floor by plunging her foot
deep into the foam padding and said coyly, "Is this as soft as you
thought?" "I'll be glad to try one out if you come in with me", grinned
Michael. For a split second Michael thought he detected a strange quality
that he couldn't place in Leasa's expression, before she laughed, "I don't
think I could trust you to behave."

Leasa closed the door an flicked off the light and escorted Michael back to
the nurses station to view the monitors. The night nurse had still not
arrived, and Leasa suggested, "While we are waiting, why don't you let me
give you a little checkup, since you won't ever go to the doctor?" Michael
agreed, and Leasa led him to an exam room. The table looked like an
operating table with a number of straps hanging off the sides. Michael
removed his shirt and sat on the table at Leasa's direction. Leasa checked
his pulse and attached a blood pressure cuff to his arm and took a quick
reading. She turned him and laid him back on the padded table and
re-inflated the cuff. As she released the pressure on the bulb, she toyed
with his nipples, and said "Let's see what this does". Michael squirmed
slightly in enjoying the treatment, as Leasa playfully remarked, "H'mm,
your readings show undue stress, but don't worry, we can treat you for
that." She leaned down and gave him a long deep kiss, and then drew away
suddenly.

Michael saw and felt the black band of the restraint strap trailing from
Leasa's hand across his chest and arms, but was too shocked to say or do
anything. He heard the dull click of the buckle and whir as the strap was
pulled tight lashing his upper torso to the table. Leasa quickly fastened a
second restraining strap across his abdomen tightly pinning his forearms at
his sides.

Michael was stunned and a little panicked not knowing what to expect next.
Leasa silently whisked off his shoes and pants leaving him in only his tiny
black bikini underwear, under which his erection was beginning to bulge
noticeably. Leasa calmly proceeded to strap him down further lashing a
restraint strap across his thighs and at his ankles. Michael quickly
decided rather than protest, to relax and see what Leasa had in mind, as
she had never shown any previous interest in any kinky activity. Leasa
positioned a bright exam light glaring directly into Michael's eyes and
pulled up a stool near the head of the table.

Michael's breath quickened and he felt his face growing warm as Leasa
unceremoniously plopped a small stack of magazines on his chest. A quick
look at the top cover revealed that these were from Michael's secret stock
of bondage fantasy materials. Leasa forcefully began, "I found these a
couple of weeks ago when I was cleaning up that pigsty you call your
apartment. How come you never showed these to me?" she sternly demanded.
Michael's face was now beet red from embarrassment and he was speechless.
Leasa continued her questioning, "Is this what turns you on? Are you some
kind of sicko pervert?", she continued, her voice crescendoing ever louder,
"Do you want to tie me up and hurt me--is that what gets your puny little
cock hard?" Michael could not answer and laid there with his eyes closed in
shame. "Or, Leasa quietly mused, "maybe you'd like to be tied up and
tortured--is that it Michael?", her voice returning to a gently soothing
tone.

Michael, eyes still clenched shut, nodded affirmatively. "I thought as
much, and its going to be O.K.", she gently continued, reassuringly patting
Michael on the shoulder, "and you are going to receive the proper therapy
for this, I can assure you". Then laughing, she added, "However, it may not
be anything like these stupid little fantasies", as she scooped up the
magazines and put them away.

Michael opened his eyes and looked at Leasa. He saw her warm loving
expression as she leaned over and kissed him gently. Then he witnessed her
expression harden to cool clinical demeanor, as he asked nervously, "What
are you going to do with me?" She leaned over and picked up a clipboard
chart, began writing and said, "Well, you know my friend, Marsha Redmond,
the probate judge--she's such a dear to provide us with a supply of
pre-signed commitment orders for use on weekends.

All we have to do is fill in the blanks and certify a patient for
evaluation in emergency cases without having to bother her." She continued
writing as she spoke, "Certainly is convenient, to cut through the
paperwork, and allow us to promptly get down to business." She turned the
clipboard for him to see a very official commitment order with his name
typed in, and said,
"The report indicates that you have been acting in a bizarre and erratic
manner and have trouble distinguishing reality from fantasy. And since your
fiancee who swore out the commitment petition is a personal friend of the
judge's and a trained psychiatric nurse, I certainly have no reason not to
so certify you for detention and evaluation."

Michael's mind was trying to absorb all the shock of the last few minutes,
and he began, "Leasa, I don't know about..." "PATIENT!", she snapped loudly
cutting him off, "You are to address all staff here by their professional
position, either Dr., or Nurse, or Nurse Leasa and so on. And I do not want
to hear anything out of you until and unless I ask you a specific
question."

"Now listen carefully Patient," she continued, "you are legally committed
to my care as of right now, as far as anyone is concerned. I don't know if
you can fully grasp that, but we have a few options available right now.
First you can sign yourself in as a voluntary patient which will render the
judge's order and how it was obtained academic. If you do so, you will be
under my total control for the next 72 hours, and if you please me with
your performance and you are mutually satisfied with your experience, this
chart will disappear. If you resist or fail to comply with my requirements,
I will have you sedated and transported to the state hospital for the
remainder of your evaluation period, and we won't have any future
relationship."

"Now you may speak--what do you wish done?" "I'll sign", Michael responded
weakly. Leasa then released Michael's right hand from the restraints
briefly to obtain his signature, and put the file away.

"Patient, while you are here, you will have contact with the other nurses.
You are never to speak in their presence, unless I direct you to. You will
follow all directions to the letter, and play along with anything I do, or,
and I'm really serious Michael--I'll send you to the state hospital like a
genuine case, and that will be the end of our relationship. My job and
professional license cannot be endangered by any games we play, is that
clear?" Michael nodded affirmatively. Leasa tightened a padded strap across
Michael's forehead securing his head tightly to the padded table, then
locked a padded footboard firmly in place against the soles of Michael's
feet, and finally reached under the table to work an unseen lever. Suddenly
without warning, Michael was propelled forward on the tilt table snapping
to a stop in a near vertical position. A pair of surgical scissors quickly
snipped through his underwear allowing his swollen prick to reach full
erection. Leasa slowly massaged his erection and played with his nipples as
he hung helplessly in the restraint straps tightly holding his body to the
table. Michael was enjoying his treatment immensely, as Leasa continued her
ministrations. Suddenly her right hand twisted his balls hard as she bit
down on one and sharply pinched his other nipple between her long
fingernails. Michael yelped loudly in anguish as she held him in her
painful grip for a split second longer and then released him.

Leasa stood back and looked at him. She said, "Oh, did that hurt?
Remember--72 hours in my total control. I'll hear you cry before we're done
and you'll beg for my touch, any touch", she promised. "Now, we better get
you safely tucked away before Susan arrives." She tilted the table back a
few degrees and released Michael's restraints, and helped him step down
onto the cool linoleum. She handed him a pair of hospital scrub pants to
put on, and then tossed him what Michael immediately recognized as a canvas
straitjacket.

He held the straitjacket in front of him surveying the long sleeves and
numerous of straps, as Leasa ordered, "Alright, let's get in on, its not
that commplicated." Michael responded, "Leasa, I don't know if..." "I DO KNOW,
PATIENT!", Leasa sternly snapped, taking the jacket from him. "Arms
straight out", she ordered. Michael silently complied as Leasa slipped the
long sleeves over his arm and quickly secured the straps of the
straitjacket down his back, then crossed his arms and tightened the straps
at the sleeve ends, tightly binding Michael in the restraint jacket.
"Patient", she whispered behind him, "the infractions of speaking out
without permission and failure to comply with your restraint direction will
be punished."

Leasa then silently guided Michael down the hall to the padded cell and
shoved him roughly, causing Michael to fall face first into the deep foam
padding. "Your therapy will require strict training in self control, and
your little straitjacket here should help you in that." Leasa shut the door
and the lights in the padded cell slowly dimmed to a low level.

Suddenly Michael was gripped with panic as he rolled about trying to get
upright and finally with the assistance of a corner of the padded cell and
much effort he was able to get to his feet. Michael circled the padded
cell's interior, trying the door with as much force as he could propel
himself across the foam lined room, with no avail. Then he began struggling
with the straitjacket in earnest, attempting to loosen the straps or slip
the damn thing off, but each effort only seemed to tighten the constricting
garment about him all the more. Finally exhausted from his struggles he
sank to the floor to catch his breath.

The lights suddenly snapped back on and the door eased open and Leasa
entered the padded cell, carrying a small bag. She helped him to his feet
and leaned him face first into a corner and pulled down his pants. "I've
been watching you on the monitor, and you seem agitated enough to warrant
some additional restraint, and but I've brought you a little toy will give
you something to occupy yourself.", she laughed. Michael felt Leasa's index
finger cool with lubricant invade his rectum followed by a large conical
shaped anal plug. He groaned as the plug was forced deep inside his ass.
His pants were pulled back up, and Leasa reached between his legs securing
a crotch strap to slots provided in the jacket. She tightened the crotch
strap forcing his male anatomy roughly to one side and forcing the anal
plug ever deeper in his ass. Leasa then secured his ankles in a pair of
heavy padded ankle cuffs secured by a foot long strap that would allow him
only the shortest steps while so hobbled.

"Now, anytime a nurse enters the seclusion room, for her protection, you
will be asked to move to the center of the room, face away from the door
and kneel. Why don't you practice for me?" Michael took a few tentative
steps toward the center of the padded room before he lost his balance and
went sprawling face down in the foam floor. He could hear Leasa giggling
quietly behind him at his predicament. "Well, you didn't need to go all the
way down, but that's good enough. Occasionally we have to use the stun prod
on those who won't try to cooperate. You will want to avoid that I'm sure."
Then before Michael realized it, his bondage nurse quietly exited the
seclusion room and the lights slowly faded to dim once again, leaving him
feeling alone with his thoughts and raging hard on that he was unable to
relieve.




ENGAGED AND COMMITTED
CHAPTER TWO

Several hours later, Michael was in the far corner of the padded cell lying
on his back, knees bent to reduce the pressure of the intruder filling his
bottom. He had made a few efforts to walk about the cell, but the dizzying
effects of the anal plug and his restrained condition dictated otherwise.
Then an unfamiliar, but pleasant female voice came over an unseen speaker,
"Michael, this is Nurse Susan. Please move to the center of the room for me
and kneel facing away from the door."

Michael rolled and crawled across the spongy floor to the middle of the
padded cell and positioned himself as best he could on his knees, hunched
over with his head down and ass upright, the anal plug finding its way to
ever greater depths within his anus. The lights snapped on full bright and
the door opened. From the corner of his eye, Michael could see Leasa with
another nurse, who was a lovely brunette, with a very short boyish haircut,
in her early twenties, dressed in a knee length nurses uniform skirt.

She kicked off her two inch heels and entered the room followed by Leasa.
They approached Michael from behind allowing Susan to survey the situation,
and Susan placed a soothing hand on Michael's shoulder. "I'm sorry it was so
difficult to comply with my request. Didn't know your ankles were fixed
together?" Susan asked apologetically. Leasa explained, "He had a light
tranquilizer and the ambulance crew helped me get him in here in the
ambulatory restraint. But he still seemed a little restless, so I added the
ankle cuffs, since we're short on help." "Michael", Leasa continued, "this
is Nurse Susan. If you will cooperate, I think we can make you more
comfortable for the rest of the night." The two nurses helped Michael to his
feet, and walked him slowly across the foam floor to the hallway. Leasa
nodded to an open door at the end of the hallway, "I've got the room set up
for four point, Susan. Why don't you just walk him down instead of getting 
a wheelchair." Susan nodded, and firmly gripping Michael's arm guided him
the thirty some steps to his room. Each short hobbled step for Michael was
an experience in pleasant agony, as the anal plug undulated deep in his
rectum with each weak step. Michael's breath was in short deep gasps as he
made it to the room and was seated on the hospital bed. Michael was laid out
on the bed and the nurses proceeded to remove his straitjacket and ankle 
restraints and secure each limb to a corner of the bed in spread eagle fashion in
heavy padded leather cuffs. First his ankles were secured and then Susan
sat him up and loosened the straitjacket and separated the sleeves. The
nurses acting in unison each secured a sleeved arm in the cuff at the
respective corner of the bed. Then the jacket was worked up over Michael's
head and Leasa held one arm while Susan opened the cuff and swiftly removed
the sleeve and tightly re-fastened the cuff. Leasa went to the other side
of the bed and removed Michael's sleeved arm from the cuff, while Susan
completely removed the Straitjacket and turned to place it on a beside
table.

As Susan's eyes were turned away, Leasa quickly wrenched Michael's free arm
across his body and Leaned her whole body across his chest. Michael was
surprised and involuntarily arched his back in the bed. "Susan, Quick, I
need some help here!", Leasa shouted. Susan ran to the other side of the
bed and put her weight on Michael's torso as well, attempting to force
Michael's arm back outright. Michael realizing that struggling was to be
expected rolled about as best he could and pulled his wrist free from
Leasa's grasp. Allowing Susan to grab his wrist, Michael ceased resistance
as she leaned across him smothering his face with her ample breasts and
buckled his wrist into the restraint cuff. Michael recalled hearing Susan
call out, "Its O.K., I've got him now!", as he felt the sharp pain in his
abdomen which turned into the weight of an elephant and his whole body went
rigid.

Michael looked up groggily to see Leasa snapping a small rectangular grey
box to her jumpsuit pocket and hear Susan, "Oh!, I don't think we needed
the stunner. He was just a little panicky on the last arm." Leasa looked at

Michael with mock concern, "You're right Susan. I'm so sorry Michael, maybe
I overreacted--I thought you were going to try to fight us."

Susan had picked up a clipboard and spoke out loud as she was making notes,
"Let's see, out of seclusion and jacket restraint at 12:40 hours, and
patient transferred to four point restraints. Let's see--Patient resisted
application of bed restraints necessitating appropriate intervention with
stun prod." Susan then rolled a tray over which Michael could see contained
a number of needles, syringes and IV equipment. "Leasa, I'll go ahead and
start a drip, if you want to call and get a scrip for some meds." Leasa
looked at Michael, who eyes were wide at the sight of the needles. "We can
sedate you, and then we can remove these restraints. Will that be alright?"
Michael looked away and remained silent. "Look Susan, I don't want to
bother a doctor unless he gets uncontrollable or asks for the meds.
Otherwise, we can just let him leave the limb holders on." "O.K.,

Leasa," responded Susan, "I'll trade off with you checking on him." With
that the pretty young brunette draped a blanket over Michael and both
nurses left the room.

Michael lay there stretched out in the leather restraints wondering if he
could go to sleep with the dildo plug still in his ass and his whole body
stiff from the electrical shock he'd received. Time passed and Michael fell
asleep. He awoke to find Susan adjusting the cuff and strap at his ankles.
"Just checking to make sure your circulation is O.K., I'm sorry, I didn't
mean to wake you up. Are you alright?" "Yes, I think so," replied Michael,
"I just feel kind of foolish and a little confused." "Well," Susan said
kindly, sitting on the edge of the bed and slightly loosening the strap
adjustments of his arm cuff, "If you'd just tell Nurse Leasa you want the
meds, we could get you set up and untie you from these silly straps. It
would only be a little stick. No response from Michael?. O.K., have it your
own way," she said turning out the light and leaving him in darkness once
more.

Michael was barely asleep again when the lights came on again to reveal
Leasa standing at his bedside propping a small gym bag on his bed. "Well,
well, kind of chatty with the nurses, huh? Think she's going to feel sorry
for you and let you go?" She made her way around the bed tugging the cuffs
and straps to their tightest point, and then raised the head of the bed
stretching his body even more. "Susan's a softy sometimes--I think she may
have left you a little too comfortable," she laughed. His pants were pulled
down to reveal his growing cock. "I really am sorry about the stun prod
earlier, however, I told you would be punished." She pushed a rubber ball
gag into his mouth and tightly secured the velcro strap behind his head.
She then withdrew the stun gun device and snapped it menacingly a few times
in front of his eyes, the blue electricity arcing from its contacts like
tiny lightening. "Ready for some more fun?", she giggled. Michael struggled
in earnest against his restraints and his eyes pleaded with her above the
gag bulging in his mouth. She then placed a black foam padded blindfold
over his eyes totally cutting off all light and vision.
"Being unable to anticipate is sometimes a very stimulating part of
therapy--like fear of the unknown!", she taunted, popping the stun prod
again near his ear.
Michael's body quivered and shook as his restraints held him tight, and he
waited. But no shock was forthcoming. Instead he felt the lightest touch at
the base of his cock. Then at his nipples. Leasa continued to work her
fingernails slowly over his body pausing at his most sensitive spots. Then
he felt the butt plug being removed from his anus, only to be replaced by a
slim vibrator which began a slow humming, causing his hips to buck on the
bed as his frustration continued. Then foam ear plugs were inserted in his
ears cutting off all sound. All he could sense was the unrelenting buzzing
in his ass. Then after an unknown length of time he felt a cool rubber
gloved hand covered with lubricant begin to stroke his prick, slowly at
first, then quickening its pace.
As he approached climax, the stroking ceased. Then after an extended wait
the stimulation of his cock began anew. The cycle was repeated again and
again at different intervals.

Michael lost all track of time and was beginning to think his frustration
would render him actually insane if he didn't come soon.

Then as he was finally reaching the moment of release for the umpteenth
time the stroking stopped again. A few seconds later, he felt the biting
pain at his nipples and moaned deeply into his rubber gag as nipple clamps
were applied, and then the vibrator in his bottom was turned to full speed.
The gloved hand began stroking him again, faster and faster. The bed shook
and his restraint cuffs creaked as he arch his back and strained to the
edge of a tremendous climax, and then the hand stopped and gripped his
testicles and pulled hard. Michael was on fire with the pain at his nipples
and his stretched balls along with the buzzing in his rectum causing his
pelvis and cock to vibrate. She held him there in hot agony for several
minutes, but what seemed an hour to Michael, now moaning loudly into his
gag, before releasing the grip on his nuts and removing the vibrator. His
nipples were then suddenly released from the clamps sending a new wave of
pain through his tightly stretched body.
The bed was lowered and the tension on his restraints eased off a bit. He
was shaking, still breathing hard and glistening with sweat. The ball gag
was removed, but the ear plugs and blindfold were left in place.

Finally, hours later, the heat of his frustration and throbbing balls
surrendered to sleep. Sometime after that he was only half aware of someone
returning to remove the sensory deprivation equipment, and he slept again.

Michael's next recollection was that of jumping awake, snapping taut in the
restraint cuffs still holding him, as Leasa, standing at the foot of the
bed, scraped her long fingernails across the sole of his foot. She looked
fresh and well rested, dressed in a pretty pink scrub suit. She smiled at
her ability to produce his reaction, "Susan," she said to her young
associate entering the room, "He's awake now. I you want to attend to his
needs, I'm going to go and change for my morning workout real quick." Susan
quietly provided Michael with a bedpan and some water to drink, and then
loosened his restraints some more and massaged his wrists and ankles with a
damp sponge and then sponge bathed his face and upper body. "Funny that
Leasa had snugged back up like that, she's usually not much for using
restraints at all," she remarked.

Leasa returned later wearing what appeared to be a tight black long sleeve
leotard and warm up pants, with her hair pulled back in a pony tail and a
black spandex sweatband encircling her brow. Leasa said, "Lets give him a
change of scene and go back to the ambulatory restraint." Susan stood ready
with the straitjacket while Leasa undid the leather cuffs one at a time and
assisted
Michael's stiff arms back into the restraint contrivance. Michael sat still
while Susan secured the straps and his arms in the straitjacket and then
had him stand to adjust the crotch strap. Then the trio traveled back down
the hallway to the padded cell and Michael was once again placed inside.
"Don't see any need for the ankle cuffs right now," Leasa said. "Me
neither," responded Susan.
Michael walked around the cell working out the stiffness in his body and
enjoying the first relative freedom he'd had in over twenty hours. Susan
hadn't secured the straitjacket nearly as tight as Leasa had bound him the
evening before, and he could even move his arms a bit in the long sleeves.

An hour or so later, Leasa opened the door to his padded cell and stepped
inside. She had shed her warmup pants to reveal that her outfit was a one
piece long sleeved spandex unitard with stirrup feet. Michael unconsciously
retreated as she approached. "What's wrong little patient? You're not
scared of Nurse Leasa are you?" She grabbed him, pushed him back to fall on
the soft foam floor with a Wumpf! and straddled him. He could see her work
apart a split crotch on her bodysuit and as she sat across his face. "I
usually finish my workout with a few miles on the stationary bike, but you
look like something more invigorating to ride. Now, get to work!" Michael
complied and began licking and sucking her sex as best he could as her wet
pussy smothered his face. After two forceful orgasms, Leasa rolled off
Michael and lay beside him on the cool foam padding.

After catching her breath she grazed the tip of his stiff organ protruding
through the scrub pants below the bottom of the straitjacket. "You seem to
be suffering from considerable stress here. Would you like to have your
Nurse provide some relief?" Michael nodded yes. "I'm listening. Are you
ready to beg yet?", she queried. Michael in his hours left pondering his
situation had decided not to give Leasa the satisfaction of totally
humiliating himself before her and turned his face away in silence. With
obvious irritation, Leasa roughly rolled him over and sat astride him and
tugged the straps holding the jacket and sleeves as tight as possible, and
then tightened the crotch strap squeezing
Michael's tender genitals uncomfortably. "I'll have to talk to Nurse Susan
about keeping your restraints properly adjusted", she stated. "Since you're
apparently refusing the therapy I've offered, you can spend the rest of the
afternoon like this." Nurse Susan will checking on you. You might as well
get some rest. After she has gone, I'll have you to myself for the evening.
I think a session in the hydro suite may improve your attitude.", she said
ominously as she exited the padded cell.

Michael laid there tightly wrapped in the straitjacket wondering what
Leasa had in store for him in the "hydro suite", whatever the hell that
was.
The hours of the day dragged by, interrupted only twice by Susan who
entered the padded cell to check his straitjacket and offer him some water
from a squeeze bottle. Before she left the second time she pleaded with
him, "Michael, I really think its silly for you to spend your time hogtied
in this straitjacket.
If you will just agree to the meds, we can release you except the lightest
restraint. Nurse Leasa got a PRN order for full restraints for the weekend
since a doctor won't be available to check you till Monday, and we will
have to keep you tied up until you ask for a sedative." Still no response
from Michael.
"Well, I'm leaving and will be off until tomorrow and Leasa will be here
alone until Nurse Monica arrives at 10:00 o'clock, so that will be your
next chance if you change your mind." Then she quietly let herself out of
the padded room and secured the door. An hour or so later Leasa opened the
door and directed Michael to exit his padded cell. She was once again
dressed in her pink scrub suit, waiting with a wheel chair which she helped
him into. She wheeled him silently down the hall to the elevator, and then
inserting a key in the control panel started the elevator down to another
level. As the door opened, Michael saw a glassed in gym area on one side of
the hall, and two heavy steel doors on the other. Leasa unlocked the first
steel door and turned on the lights. Michael saw what could be a small
dressing room equipped with a toilet and shower, and thought what a relief
a long hot shower would be. In the center of the room was a long table
constructed of a long metal rectangular frame covered with canvas something
like a camping cot. She released him from the straitjacket had him strip
and lay back on the support frame. She proceeded to secure heavy leather
cuffs around each wrist and ankle and snugly attached these to the corners
of the frame. She then rolled the stretcher frame holding Michael through a
swinging door into a larger tile lined room containing a number of large
metal hydro tanks, like large rectangular bathtubs of stainless steel. The
stretcher frame was built to roll over the top of the tank and mechanical
hoist equipment allowed her to lower the canvas support frame with Michael
attached into the
tank where he rested a few inches into the pleasantly warm water.

Leasa then stripped off her scrub uniform to reveal a sexy black spandex
tank leotard styled swimsuit. Leasa proceeded to scrub Michael all over,
except his rock hard penis, with a soft sponge and a body shampoo liquid.
Once fully lathered and scrubbed, she raised the support frame a few inches
above the water and turned a powerful hand held shower spray on Michael.
The stinging shower was moderately cold water, not painful, but not very
comfortable either. She hosed him thoroughly and ended with a long blast of
even colder water on his poor prick causing it to finally shrivel from the
exposure. "Nothing like a cold shower to deal with the hornies!", she
grinned. "But of course you must not be very interested in sex judging from
your lack of interest earlier today", she added, as she left him lying
there to drip dry. "You not going to hear me beg yet if that's what you
mean", muttered Michael mustering all his defiance.
"We'll see", Leasa responded with cool indifference as she walked from the
room.




ENGAGED & COMMITTED
CHAPTER THREE

Some while later, Leasa returned to her waiting patient, carrying what
appeared to be a large one piece shiny black rubber wet suit, similar to
what scuba divers wear, except this rubber suit seemed abnormally large and
bulky as she laid it across a nearby tank and approached Michael. "I'm glad
you aren't to quick to give in Michael. I wanted the chance to show you
more of what our hydrotherapy department has to offer", she said as she
released his legs from the restraint cuffs, and then worked a black
stretchy spandex thong brief up his legs. She tucked his now semi-rigid
penis back between his legs and the close fitting thong strap effectively
held it tightly in position, preventing his
erection. She then worked a well lubricated anal plug into his rectum and
positioned the rear strap of the thong over its flared base to hold it
deeply
inside. Michael groaned deeply as the rubber plug slid past his sphincter.
She then released his arms and stood back holding a stun gun and pointed to
the rubber wet suit, "You'll need to slip into it from the rear, legs first
and then arms. Then I'll help get you zipped."

Michael picked up the rubber suit and surveyed it as he slipped into one
leg and then the other. The suit had attached feet and its unusual
bulkiness was from the inch or so of foam rubber type material which lined
the quarter inch thick shiny slick neoprene outer wetsuit material. The
inside of the foam padded suit was lined with a plush spandex fabric, and
the foam compressed fairly easily as he slipped into it, but gripped his
body firmly allowing no air spaces or gaps next to the skin. The rubber
suit was also strangely appointed with a number of chrome and plastic hose
fittings strategically placed about the arms, legs, back, abdomen, the
chest over the nipple areas, and a fitting over the crotch and lower butt
area of the suit. He also noticed that flat inch wide stainless metal loops
were regularly positioned every several inches or so along the sides of the
suit and at the toes of the feet. The arms of the suit ended in closed
mittens like the sleeves of a straitjacket and had similar hardware at the
ends. As Michael pulled the suit up past his waist he noticed divider like
padding in the seat of the suit force its way to fill the crack between his
buttocks firmly making contact with the anal plug pressing in his rectum.
He breathed deeply from the sensation as he slipped his arms into the suit
and worked his hands to the end of the sleeves, at which he found a glove
like divider to separate and hold each finger. Hanging forward from the
neck of the suit, Michael observed an attached full hood, split down the
back behind the hose fitting at the top, from which the zipper extended to
the small of his back, and which had a small opening at the mouth/nose
area. Another metal loop was attached to the suit above the forehead area.
He realized that he would be totally enclosed when the rubber suit was
zipped, but resigned himself not to give Leasa the satisfaction that any
protest would bring.

Leasa zipped up the suit to just below his neck and helped him stiffly move
to the support frame table and lay on his back. She then drew his arms out
to the corners of the framed and threaded straps through the sleeve end
loops and secured him tightly. She threaded similar straps through the feet
hardware and tightly secured his legs forcing his feet into an exaggerated
en pointe position. She then worked her way around the frame securing the
suit to it with short straps through the loops on the suit. Once secured
tightly, she released the canvas cover and removed it from the frame
allowing Michael to hang above
the tank in the confines of the bizarre rubber suit. The tension on the
suit's connection points and the ends of his hands and feet pulled the suit
ever tighter about him to the point of restricting his breathing. Michael
tested the confinement of this unusual restraint system to find that he
literally could not move a muscle, except his exposed head. She then
attached several black hoses to the various outlets on the suit. Leasa next
wheeled a cart containing a complex array of monitors, gauges, switches and
valves up next to the tank, and then climbed into the waist deep water of
the tank beside him. He could see her nipples stiffen from the cool water
in the tank, to poke through her spandex suit, as she re-checked all the
hoses and suit attachments. Finally the nurse turned to him eagerly
observing his hampered respirations and eyeing him for his reaction, "Well,
looks as if we're about ready, how do you feel now." Michael shot back,
"This things almost as tight as the jeans a certain bitchy nurse I know
wears."

Leasa's face momentarily flushed with surprised anger at the unexpected
remark, but she then coolly continued, "O.K., patient, you just don't know
when to quit do you!" She forcefully pushed a large rubber plug gag between
his clenched lips and secured its attached strap behind his head, and then
sealed a soft sticky rubber nosepiece with a tube slightly protruding into
each nostril over his nose. An air tube was inserted through the hole in
the front of the hood and attached to the nosepiece. Soft silicone ear
plugs were sealed into each ear and a thick oval foam pad sticky with glob
of petroleum jelly like substance was pressed into each eye sealing off his
vision. She then pulled the suit's hood up over his face, and pressed it
tightly over his features while pulling the zipper all the way closed,
tightly confining his head. Extra oval pads of soft foam attached to the
inside of the hood pressed into Michael's ears. In the hooded suit, Michael
was cut off from all external stimuli as he breathed in and out cautiously
through his nose.

Leasa attached the last hose fitting to the top of the hood and secured a
strap through the metal loop tab, then pulled Michael's head taut in the
frame and secured the many hoses into clips along the support frame
checking for kinks. Finally, she knelt in the water immersing herself to
the neck to cool the sweat that had formed on her body, leaned back to
evaluate her handiwork, and considered what was to come. She noticed her
own breathing was rapid and her heartbeat was racing. She wondered. Could
she really go through what she had planned. She had never been so severe
with any patient, much less than the man she loved. She knew that he had
well tolerated, no, he had been enjoying everything as much as she until
this point, despite the pain and discomfort she had placed him in. She
pondered the mind game that had developed during their interplay. Finally
she decided, she'd promised him she would have him crying and begging, and
if a short session in the hydrosuit was what it took, then so be it. She
re-checked the monitor array and listened to Michael's soft rhythmic
breathing through the nasal breathing tube setup. She waded around the
outstretched figure and to the hoist control and lowered the support frame
submerging it and the rubber encased subject a foot or so below the surface
of the water. Ignoring the mild splashing caused as he struggled against
the suit and connecting straps, guiding it until the pivot lugs at the ends
of the frame locked into sockets on the walls of the tank. A few minutes
later, she turned on the microphone connected to waterproof earphones in
the hood of the suit and rotated him face down in the tank as she began to
speak to him.

Michael had been lying there stretched from every point in the suit, unable
to move, or even blink, regretting his bratty remarks to Leasa, and waiting
and wondering--what happens next. The insulating quality of the foam lined
rubber suit had quickly warmed him to the point of sweating as he waited
and breathed. Waiting and breathing, the breathing somewhat constricted by
the pressing suit, was all he was capable of. Then he felt himself, he
thought, being lowered and finally dip beneath the surface. A panic, fear
of drowning, swept over him as he struggled mightily in the rubber
restraint suit, resulting in only a small splashing in the tank. Finally he
remembered to breath and concentrated solely on that task as the water
crushed the suit even more firmly against his body. A sudden wave vertigo
struck him and he heard faint static in his ears as he was lazily rotated
over face down in the tank. Then to his surprise, he heard the Leasa's
strangely muffled voice in his ears.

"Michael, this is Leasa. If you're O.K., I want you hold your breath for a
count of ten so I can tell." Michael gulped in air as deeply as possible
and held his breath and counted to ten. "Alright Michael, listen
carefully", she continued in a flat clinical method, "I'm going to explain
your treatment to you. The hydrosuit you're in is the state of the art form
of seclusion therapy and as you will see provides for the ultimate sensory
deprivation experience.
Studies have shown that even a brief immersion can have a noticeable
calming effect on a disturbed patient. Additionally, the various options
available with the hydrosuit allow it to be utilized for behavior
modification therapy, which obviously what you're in need of. During your
stay you have been instructed on appropriate responses, which you
apparently are unable to come to on your own.
The hydrosuit can provide effective discipline therapy will assist in
overcoming your resistance to the desired behaviors. There is a lot of
psycho-theory to all this, that I won't bore you with, but let's just say
that certain stimuli can be provided to distract you from your obvious male
sexual aggression. Now,
I'm going to explain the mechanics of your therapy. The water in the tank
is a constant 70 degree Fahrenheit, which by itself is the comfortable
ambient temp when your wearing the suit. Now as you were able to observe,
the suit is fitted with a number of water hose connectors, through which I
can control a flow of water in and out of the suit. The controls allow me
to adjust water flow rate, pressure, and temperature. The water through the
valves can also be switched to a vibrating pulse, and negative pressure or
suction can be provided. The temperature of water through the suit can be
adjusted anywhere from 33 degrees to 110 degrees Fahrenheit. I'll just show
you a little now." Michael then felt the suit growing uncomfortably rigid
and hot and felt a gentle pulsing sensation on his genitals. Several
seconds later, the water vibrator stopped and he felt a sensation of being
squeezed tightly all over as the suit vacuum contracted around him. Then he
once again felt the suit turn rigid and suddenly felt the chill of icy cold
water instantly surround his body. Michael began to suck in all the air
that he could as the cold gripped him and struggled desperately to escape
the frigid rubber bodysuit enclosing him. On his next inhalation, he sensed
enormous effort to obtain the needed oxygen. He continued to fight for his
breath and grew frightened that the breathing apparatus was failing. Then
slowly he felt his breathing ease and felt the suit grow pleasantly warm
again.

Michael listened to Leasa's next words, "I forgot to tell you, I can also
control the respiratory volume allowed, which allows us to prevent
hyperventilation. I can control everything manually from my console or just
set the unit on an automatic random sequence. I selected the optional
rectal core temperature sending unit for you, so the computer can monitor
your body temp as the therapy proceeds. The demonstration we just went
through went from 86 to 48 degrees and the volume, pressure, suction and
pulse were at 40 percent. This system is FDA approved, so its safe. While
you may (giggle) experience some discomfort (giggle), nothing bad will
happen to you. Remember to try and not panic or struggle, it will only make
things worse." Leasa paused for a time and then slowly continued, "Michael,
once I start your treatment cycle, you won't be able to communicate with
me. I'm going to tell you something. I tried this one time, and I became
extremely claustrophobic, and could barely stand to be immersed--so I will
understand if this is too much for you. I think you probably have the idea
now, so if you think you're ready to demonstrate appropriate behavior
without going any further, just keep breathing normally for the next ten
seconds. Otherwise hold your breath for a ten count to let me know when
you're ready to begin--but, remember, this will be the last time I talk to
you until we're done."

Leasa listened to Michael's deep rhythmic breathing for several seconds and
satisfied that she had made her point, prepared to press the hoist control
when suddenly his breathing stopped. She was at first scared something had
happened, but then counted to herself, one, two, ..., ten. Then Michael
took a deep breath and continued to breath normally. Leasa carefully spoke
through the microphone, "O.K. Michael, have it your own way. I'll see you
in about an hour." She climbed out of the tank, turned off the microphone
and dried herself.

Then she switched the console's controls to sequence randomly, dialed the
panel's various controls for temperature, rate and pressure up to maximum
variance, set the timer to three hours and touched the start control.

Leasa draped a large fluffy towel over a poolside type lounge chair and
positioned herself to watch Michael and the instrument array. She thought
to herself that she wouldn't be able to stand to watch Michael endure the
hydrosuit torture she had started for very long and promised herself, "I'll
wait just until he's struggling real good and to the breaking point and
turn it off." The nurse understood the truly intimidating nature of this
discipline method, without herself even ever having endured a full session
in the tank. She had regularly demonstrated and experimented on herself and
with other nurses with every device in the hospital, except the hydrosuit.
She had thought little enough of the hospital's recent purchase of the
equipment when she viewed the training videos showing an unresisting
"patient" apparently calmed by a brief submersion in the suit. But she
clearly remembered the taste of the unnatural, but absolute panic that
gripped her even more tightly than the rubber restraint suit had.

She recalled in vivid detail her training experience as "patient" in the
company demo room. She had had a feeling of great ambivalence when the
pretty blonde sale rep, Lynn, had insisted she completely strip before
enusiastically fitting her into the suit. But when Lynn had tucked the hood
over her face and head and slowly worked the zipper closed, then... She
closed her eyes and felt her body shiver as she recalled the overwhelming
claustrophobia and feeling of total isolation she had experienced. Her
frantic muffled pleas through the rubber breathing aid that had filled her
mouth went unheard, but her hyperventilation had signaled the sales rep to
remove her from the tank before she could be completely immersed. Since the
hydrosuit equipment had arrived at the hospital, Leasa had still not worked
up the nerve to allow herself to put back in the suit for the on-site staff
training that Lynn continued to try and schedule with her. The rubber
sheathed figure entwined in the tank was the first subject she had
personally put through this treatment. She felt somewhat justified as she
rationalized that Michael's session would be for her personal training as
well as some fun.

She watched him for several minutes, spread taut in the rubber suit below
the surface of the gently rippling water and listened as the pumps on the
machine commenced to hum and whine. She observed in amazement as his rubber
bound body suddenly tensed and convulsed as the temp gauge dipped to 40
degrees and listened carefully as the patient strained to suck in more
oxygen. The respiration meter ticked up to 55 percent flow resistance. The
patient began thrashing in the padded rubber suit and panting through the
nasal tube like a race horse as Leasa watched transfixed by the scene. Then
slowly the rubber suited figure relented to the taut straps confining it,
only twitching now and again as the cold continued to subdue it. Leasa
checked the temp gauge at 36 degrees and the respiration resistance backed
off to 35 percent. A minute or so later, Leasa checked the timer as the
temp gauge returned to the ambient 70 degrees and its breathing leveled
out. Twenty-five minutes so far. She turned on the white noise generator to
the ear phones to medium and settled back to watch a little longer.

Michael floated in a womb like state for what seemed eternity after he
heard the ear phones crackle off. He had no way of telling time. Had it
been 10 minutes or half an hour? Suddenly he felt the hint of cold water
and the suit went rigid. The numbing cold water soaked through his flesh
body as he tugged frantically with his arms and legs. His air was getting
faint. He couldn't endure this. He tried to scream at the top of his lungs,
however, the rubber gag filling his mouth and the tight hood allowed no
sound to escape. He was wasting precious time and effort, when he
desperately needed oxygen, yet he tried to scream again and again, but even
the slightest movement of his jaw was denied. Michael's mind turned to a
white haze as the temperature of the freezing water creeped down even
further.

His last sensation was the realization that his body had involuntarily
stopped the futile struggles of the last few minutes and he gave up the
fight to breath, and his brain grew dim.

Then light slowly returned to Michael's brain and he realized his lungs
were filling with air. He was still alive and still breathing. He felt his
muscles pulling themselves apart from the cold induced muscle cramps as the
water slowly warmed about him. He had to move and stretch his limbs to get
some relief, but couldn't move even an eyelid or fingertip in oppressive
rubber suit.
Then to his annoyance a very loud, inescapable static filled his ears,
surrounding him and continued unceasingly. The hydrosuit control program
continued blindly on. Michael felt the warm pulsing sensation grow stronger
at all points where the hose fittings entered the suit. Then the vibrations
became a strong steady humming pulse centered only over his nipples, cock
and blasting away at the anal plug in his ass. Michael grew steadily
aroused, thinking that perhaps the hydrosuit's stimulation might at least
cheat Leasa out of the denial she lorded over him, as he felt his cock
strain in the thong brief. But far to far from the edge of climax, the
respiration limiter once again kicked in suffocating him again. Then the
pulsing stopped and he felt the rubber suit compress tightly about him
crushing him with incredible force, painfully flattening his staining cock
and balls between his legs and guiding the anal intruder inward ever
deeper. Finally the suit finally released its titanic grasp and he was
floating in space again. Michael's mind cleared somewhat and he anticipated
his imminent release from the suit. Surely he had been in this abomination
for more than the hour that Leasa had promised. Above the helpless rubber
bound figure, the time on the hydrosuit control monitor slowly clicked to
35 minutes.

Leasa watched in continued titillation as the hydrosuit commenced its next
cycle upon its hapless victim, and the several cycles after that. The
internal computer always varied the time, order and severity of the suit's
therapy options, so the subject had no way of anticipating what was next.
Leasa felt her stiff nipples in her stretchy spandex suit and slowly began
rolling them around between her thumbs and fingers and dropped her hand to
her sopping wet pussy as she watched the figure in the tank go through its
varied struggles, convulsed twitching and shudders. She found the slim
vibrator in the gym bag beside her lounge and worked the buzzing wand over
her spandex covered nipples and swollen clit. She carefully timed her own
orgasms with the reactions of the tortured figure undulating beneath the
water. Waves of pleasure hit her as her breathing rose to match the
strained tempo of the rubber suited form in the water, as she watched its
convulsions in fascination and writhed in her own happy pleasures.

Upstairs in the first level nurses station a mysterious figure sat in the
dark illuminated only by the soft glow of the video monitor, watching the
activity in the hydro suite with curiosity. The silent watcher let out a
low whistle as her attention was drawn from the rubber suited patients
gyrations to those of the pretty blonde nurse masturbating in erotic
abandon. When the action finally stopped, the mystery watcher quickly
re-fitted some connections behind the monitor array and silently slipped
away down the darkened corridor to the exit.

Leasa lay in an orgasmic daze momentarily oblivious to the fact that the
timer was buzzing and the pumps had stopped. Leasa suddenly snapped out of
her trance and thought of the rubber suited figure floating motionless in
tank as her patient for the first time in hours. Michael was back, she
thought, feeling guilty and ashamed at enjoying her sadistic pleasure. It
was no longer the artificial rubber form whose unrelenting torments had so
stimulated her the last few hours. She slowly pondered her behavior,
wondering if Michael would forgive her and if she wasn't somehow seriously
warped, but yet she felt more alive and energetic now than ever previously
in her life.

Michael was still breathing slowly and regularly through the breathing
tube. She turned off the white noise and adjusted the water to 78 degrees
and set the volume and all connector nozzles to pulse at 30 percent to give
Michael a gentle steady jacuzzi treatment to settle down. Michael totally
exhausted from his experiences drifted gently into sweet sleep state as the
warm water pulsed around him. About thirty minutes later Leasa worked the
hoist and lifted the frame holding the rubber suited figure from the tank
and locked it to the table frame. Water poured from the hose connections as
she rotated Michael's quiet form face up she detached all the hoses from
the suit and then restrung the canvas support canopy below him. Leasa
unfastened the strap holding Michael's hood head taut to the frame and
turned on the ear phone speakers. "Michael, this is Leasa, I'm going to
open your hood for a minute." Leasa unzipped the hood to the neck and
peeled it away from Michael's face. She removed the earplugs and eye pads,
but left the nasal breathing aid and gag plug in place. She softly
whispered with a wicked grin, "Michael, that went pretty quick, so I think
I'll let you have a second hour or so in the tank, O.K.?"

She began to pull the hood back up over his face when the tears began to
stream down Michael's face. His eyes pleaded with her over his gag and
nosepiece, which she removed to avoid choking him, as he continued his
soft, uncontrollable sobbing.

"O.K. Michael, its O.K., we won't do anymore right now." She gently kissed
his forehead and licked one of his tears from his cheek. "I think we've
accomplished what we came down her for now." Michael's body was limp as she
released all the suit's bindings and peeled it from his body, and then
slipped off the thong strap brief. Leasa helped him to a towel covered
table and dried him with a fluffy towel.

Looking at her watch, she suddenly exclaimed, "Oh, shit! Monica will be
here any minute." She quickly slipped on her scrub uniform, pulled on
Michael's pants and loosely strapped him into the straitjacket and propped
him in the wheelchair. "Damn, I don't have time to clean up--I'll have to
come back later," she said locking the door behind her as she wheeled
Michael back and again secured him in the padded cell.




ENGAGED AND COMMITTED
CHAPTER FOUR

After Leasa returned Michael to his padded cell, she adjusted his
straitjacket to average tightness and kissed him gently on the lips. "You
cried for me. I told you that you would. For that you'll get a little
reward, I promise. But right now, I've got to go and be ready when Monica
arrives", she said as she inserted a squeeze bottle straw in his mouth and
helped him gulp several mouthfuls of a sweet sticky liquid before laying
him down gently. She told him that the liquid would help him rest and
recover from his "therapy" as she exited the padded cell. Michael was still
in a stupor nowhere near recovered from the rigors endured during the last
several hours in the hydro suite. He was too exhausted and his body ached
too much from his struggles and the cold induced muscle cramps to think and
he just drifted off to sleep.

Michael awoke from his deep slumber to the dim lights of the padded cell,
his body still sore from the abuse he had suffered. But for the
straitjacket holding him firmly, he would have sworn he'd just awoken from
a dream, or maybe a nightmare. He slowly sat up in the middle of the foam
lined room and ran the events of the recent days through his mind. Was he
who he thought he was. Did he really know the nurse responsible for his
treatment, or was his romance just the deluded fantasy of an truly mentally
ill patient.

Suddenly the lights snapped on and an unfamiliar female voice firmly
addressed him. "You'll need to turn away from the door and sit or kneel for
me", the voice commanded. Michael pivoted around and heard the door open
behind him. He heard the foam floor squish as the unseen figure approached,
then he felt hands tightening all his restraint straps and then the voice
directed him, "Alright, now lie face down for me. Michael complied and felt
the padded ankle restraint cuff hobbles being placed on his ankles. "O.K.,
now you can get up", directed the voice, and he felt strong hands helping
him to his knees and then slowly to his feet. The nurse held him firmly by
the strap connecting the sleeves at the rear of his straitjacket and walked
him to the door of the seclusion room. As he stepped from the soft foam
floor matting to the cold tile hallway a second pair of hands firmly
gripped his left arm. Michael looked to see it was the young nurse Susan,
who spoke a soft, "Hello, Michael". The other nurse transferred her grip to
his right arm and as they slowly walked down the hallway. Michael could
observe the new nurse was a rather tall and strikingly voluptuous brunette
beauty with a curly permed hairdo spilling down to her shoulders. She
appeared to be in her early 30's and was dressed in a navy blue uniform,
which showed her outstanding figure very nicely. As they continued down the
hall Susan introduced the new nurse, "Michael this is Nurse Monica."
Michael remained silent. "I think he's kind of shy," continued Susan with a
giggle to Monica. Monica merely replied, "He must have great insurance to
get a private room here on a holiday weekend, instead of Ward 10 at
Barnsley Hall hospital." "In here," she directed Michael as they came to a
small room with a heavy steel door. In the small windowless concrete 8 x 10
room Michael could see that the only furnishings were a single unit
stainless steel sink/toilet combination in one corner and in the center of
the room a narrow bed with a heavy steel frame and legs bolted securely
into the floor. The cot was covered with a crisp white bottom sheet, and on
the bed were two pair of brown leather restraint cuffs attached to heavy
cotten web straps encircling the bed. Another heavy webbing strap encircled
the middle of the bed, anchoring a foam padded restraint belt about four
inches wide, which had overlapping velcro closures. "Face down on the bed",
directed Nurse Monica in a businesslike tone. Michael leaned over and
placed his face and chest on the thin foam mattress as Susan helped lift
his hobbled legs on to the bed. Monica fitted the foam padded restraint
belt tightly around his abdomen sealing the velcro closures together. Then
Monica released all the strap buckles on his straitjacket and Susan
switched his ankles from the leather hobbles into the brown leather cuffs
attached to the bed. As the two nurses retreated to the door, Susan
explained to him, "After you work your arms out of the jacket, you can
release yourself from the belt and undo your ankles. Then I want you to
hand the straitjacket to me through the slot in the door here. After that
we will hand you a tray and you can feed yourself breakfast." It took
Michael several minutes to work his sore stiff arms free from the jacket
sleeves, and then he was able to reach behind his back and with
considerable effort pull apart the velcro closures on the restraint belt.
He then rose to his knees and released his ankle cuffs. Once free of the
restraints, he stretched for several long minutes. It was the first time in
days that he had been free from some form of restraint.

Monica's voice interrupted him, "Michael, we're waiting. Place the jacket
through the door please." Michael rolled up the straitjacket and handed it
through the slot in the door. A few seconds later a small plastic tray was
placed in the slot. Michael took the tray and set it on the bed while he
continued to stretch. "We'll check back on you in a while. Now don't let
your breakfast get cold", called Monica through the slot.

After finishing another long stretch, Michael seated himself on the low bed
and picked up the tray. It contained a good sized bowl of a thin whitish
oatmeal like substance, a plastic spoon and a small squeeze bottle of clear
liquid. Michael tasted the goo in the dish. Cold and tasteless. "Don't let
it get cold. Sure bitch. This I can do without", he thought. He found the
bottle contained more of the sicky sweet liquid that Leasa had given him
the evening before. He was thirsty and proceeded to consume a little more
than half of the liquid which just made him thirstier, and then went to the
sink to get some water. The push button on the sink refused to emit any
water.

A half hour later Michael was still pacing the room when Susan came to the
door. "Michael, did you finish your breakfast," she asked through the door
slot. Michael silently retrieved the tray from the end of the bed and
placed it in the slot. "No appetite," came Susan's voice. "Well, I'll leave
it here for awhile. You might be hungrier later." "Its cold, and what I
really need is some water. The sink isn't working either.", replied
Michael. "We'll get some water for you in a little bit. I'm sorry about the
food. We have to serve everything at room temperature and use a thin
texture to prevent any possibility of the patient choking. But, I'll tell
Nurse Leasa about your complaints", she added with a little smile that
Michael felt was disturbingly knowing.

A few hours later Michael heard footsteps outside the door. But even with
his ear to the door he could barely make out the conversation going on
outside. "When was he placed in the observation room? (Leasa). "At nine
o'clock this morning. Monica just said we should transfer him to the
observation room and get him out of the jacket before she left. We brought
him a breakfast tray, but he hasn't eaten yet." (Susan). O.K., well, let's
get him fastened down before you leave, and I'll discuss it with him."
(Leasa).

The panel covering the slot on the door opened, and Michael heard Susan,
"Michael, we need to you to cooperate with us a little now for everyone's
safety. I want you to lie down on your bed and put your ankles in the
cuffs. O.K., now lie back and wrap the belt snug around your middle. That's
good, now just place your right wrist in the cuff and close it, and fold
your left arm under the middle of your back."

Now they had him tying himself up, Michael thought, "I must be crazy," as
he worked the brown leather cuffs tightly closed around his ankles and then
firmly sealed the padded restraint belt around his stomach. Finally with
some difficulty he locked the restraint cuff around his right wrist and
slid his left arm under the small of his back. As he laid there he heard
the heavy click of the lock and the door opened.

Susan cautiously approached, checked the adjustment of his right wrist
cuff, circled the head of the cot, and took his left wrist in her soft
hands and secured it in the remaining restraint cuff.

"Very good Michael. As long as you continue to co-operate, we'll only have
you wear these for security when we need to come in to check on you.",
Susan explained. She then took his blood pressure and temperature, while
Leasa remained lounging in the doorway. When she finished Leasa asked, "Oh
could you bring me a bottle of water before you go?" Susan returned quickly
with a squeeze bottle of water and handed it to Leasa. "Thanks," Leasa said
appreciatively. "Sure you don't need me anymore?", asked Susan. "Yes, we'll
get along famously, I'm sure.", replied Leasa. "O.K., well Monica will be
back around 3:00 o'clock.

Leasa remained for a few minutes and then left the room. A minute later she
returned and sat on the edge of the cot. "Just wanted to make sure that we
were all alone.", Leasa explained. Leasa was dressed plainly today in a
knee length white skirt, a white blouse and white lab coat, which she
removed and laid at the foot of the bed. Her pretty blonde hair was pulled
up in a tight bun.

"Now, Patient, I want to talk to you a little.", Leasa continued. "I hope
you enjoyed your brief vacation from your straitjacket. And I trust you
haven't been doing anything naughty without permission, now have you?", she
asked tapping his now erect penis. "No, Nurse Leasa.", Michael replied.
"Good. Now I understand that you have some complaints and wouldn't eat your
breakfast." "Yeah, uh, Yes, Nurse Leasa", Michael said. "That gruel she
brought was cold. The stuff in the bottle just made me thirsty and I
couldn't get any water from the sink."

"Well, you need to eat if you're going to keep up your strength Michael",
Leasa stated flatly. "I thought that we had made some real progress after
your hydrotherapy session. But I guess we'll have to keep working on it
won't we." She then left the room for a few minutes and returned with a
rolling tray, the top of which was above Michaels's line of vision. She
retrieved the breakfast tray from the shelf and placed it on the cart,
saying, "Sure you don't want to try some more?" "Yes, Nurse Leasa.", came
the reply.

With that the nurse took two rectangular foam blocks from the tray and a
long two inch wide nylon strap from the cart and strapped Michael's
forehead tightly against the thin foam covered cot, with the two foam
blocks alongside his head to limit any sideways movement. She then picked
up his bowl and offered him a spoonful of the disgusting cold goo. Michael
refused to open his mouth until she held his nose and forced him to take
it. Michael knew better than to spit it out and glumly swallowed. "I'm
going to insist that you take your nourishment Michael, but I can see this
won't work." Then with a smug grin, she went to the cart and returned with
a fat rubber plug gag which she forced into his mouth and secured with a
strap. The gag was similar to the one used with the hydrosuit, except it
had a small hole through its middle. Leasa inserted a short length of
rubber tubing through the hole forcing it back over Michael's tongue until
he began to gag, pulled it back slightly and then left it there. Michael
watched as the nurse returned to the cart and mixed a little water in with
the oatmeal in the bowl and then loaded the contents into the largest
syringe he'd ever seen. Slightly bigger than a large turkey baster.

Leasa smiled at him, "This will make it much faster." She then inserted the
syringe tip in the rubber tubing and began to force the glop through the
gag filling the back of his throat. Michael had no choice but to begin
swallowing the cold nasty stuff down. He choked a few times, but the nurse
continued the flow of goo down his throat. Finally as Michael felt his
stomach begin to feel uncomfortably swollen she finished administering his
breakfast. She then reloaded the syringe with the remaining half of the
sweet liquid drink and forced it down him as well. Leasa then took the
syringe to the sink and used most of the bottle of water to rinse it before
placing water in the syringe. When she returned to his bedside, Michael
could see only a few CCs of water remained in the syringe. "Sorry this is
all the water I could spare you right now she said as she squirted small
stream of water down his throat. Just enough to really heighten Michael's
thirst.

The nurse put away the feeding equipment, except the gag which she left in
place and then unfastened the restraint belt around Michael's middle. She
pulled down his pants, revealing his protruding penis and then gently toyed
with his nipples for several minutes and gave his aching cock a few
hesitating strokes, smiling as the his aching prick and balls became fully
swollen and purple. She looked him in the face and gently said, "You have a
tremendous amount of congestion down there. I'll bet its uncomfortable."
She then removed her panties, raised her skirt and removing his gag,
straddled his face with her wet sex. Michael tongued her pussy slowly,
teasingly at first, thinking that he might be able to encourage her to move
down to his poor deprived prick for relief. She held securely to the strap
tightly confining his head and continued to grind her cunt against
Michael's mouth. "Faster, faster, Michael," she moaned, as she pulled open
her blouse and began to tweak her own stiff nipples through her lacy white
bra. "Oh GOD, SUCK IT, SUCK MY CLIT! DAMN YOU, MAKE ME COME!", she yelled
at him as he continued his slow probing of her sopping wet pussy. After she
had freed her breasts from her bra, she realized what Michael was trying to
do. She lifted off of his face and turned around facing his legs and sat
firmly on his face forcing her anus into Michael's mouth. She grabbed his
swollen balls and twisted them sternly, "NOW, get down to business", she
ordered.

Michael quickly thrust his tongue into her ass, eager to please and get
relief from the ball twist she had on him. As he continued to dart his
tongue in and around her sphincter, she released her grasp on him and began
to furiously finger her clit. A few minutes after her tremendous climax she
arose from the bed and rearranged her clothes.

She replaced Michael's gag and his heart sank when she pulled on her
panties.

"Michael, your behavior has just earned you another session in the
hydrosuite. A long one.", she said sternly. "But that can wait. We need to
relieve the congestion you have worked up down here," lightly flicking his
ever present erection. Michael sighed in relief that she would finally let
him come. She then picked up an external male catheter sleeve of heavy
latex rubber shaped like a condom, except the tip continued into an small
diameter inch long open tube. She squirted some white gel inside the
catheter and worked it around coating the interior before sliding the latex
sleeve over Michael's engorged member. "It takes a few minutes for the
anesthetic to work", she smiled. "I said I'd relieve the pressure down
here, not that you'd get to enjoy it."

While Michael's prick began to grow numb she lubricated his ass with a
greasy gel on her fingers and then inserted a fat silver colored probe into
his rectum. Michael groaned loudly and struggled against the restraints
arching his back. The nurse silently forced his body down and tightly
secured the padded restraint belt around his middle. Straining his head
against its restraint, he could see her attaching wires to the thing
between his legs, and renewed his futile struggles, but the restraints held
him firmly. She connected the wires to a small black box and began to dial
its controls. Michael could feel a slow biting electrical shock creep up
his rectum to his prostate. Leasa put down the control box and inserted the
end of the large syringe in the catheter tube. She squeezed his cock and
although Michael could feel the pressure of her hand, he couldn't feel any
other sensation, but realized that his cock was growing limp. The nurse
continued to turn the dial on the black box and the sting of the current
turned into a vibration deep inside his pelvis. Then suddenly he felt his
scrotum began to contract and watched as Leasa slowly pulled back the
plunger and began to draw milky white semen from his cock. She continued to
milk him dry, and although his pelvic muscles continued to spasmodically
contract as he bucked in the restraints, the only sensation he was able to
feel was a aching throb in his groin.

Michael felt tired and his pelvic muscles were still twitching when she
finished, removing the syringe tip from the catheter tip to examine its
contents. "Hmm, almost 30 cc's", she commented, and then to Michael's
horror, she inserted the syringe into his gag and injected his still warm
cum into his unwilling mouth. Michael felt humiliated as the salty bitter
tasting semen filled the back of his throat, but finally swallowed it.
"Don't worry Michael, you'll get used to the taste after awhile," Leasa
said with a giggle.

She then removed the electric dildo probe and catheter sleeve and cleaned
him up. Leasa rearranged his pants and removed his gag, but left him in the
restraints holding him firmly to the cot as she left the room and closed
the heavy door with a thud.

Michael lay there feeling sapped of energy, his cock now limp and drained.
He knew that struggling against the restraints was useless--escape was
hopeless. She had once again used him for her selfish pleasure and then
stolen his manhood, leaving him to ponder his helpless humiliated
condition. Michael pondered Leasa's threat about another session in the
hydrosuit over and over in his mind and eventually dozed off.

He didn't know how long he had been asleep or when the blind fold had been
placed over his eyes when he felt the warm lotion being spread over his
limp penis. Then the soft hand began working up and down the length of his
shaft bringing it fully erect. Michael felt his sexual energy restored and
was lightly straining against his restraints when the stroking stopped, he
felt his pants once again pulled up and to his dismay he heard footsteps
retreating down the hallway.

Several minutes later he heard footsteps again approaching and could feel
the presence of someone in the room with him. Finally the blindfold was
removed and Michael looked up to discover Nurse Monica standing over him.

If Monica saw the look of surprise on Michael's face he wasn't able to
detect it, as she calmly folded the blindfold into her front pocket. Her
look was totally indifferent as she silently sat on the edge of the cot and
took Michael's blood pressure and listened to his heart. She looked at the
bulge in his pants of his still erect penis and calmly said, "And what have
we here?", as she pulled back his pants and Michael's penis sprang fully
erect to greet her. She gently grasped his organ and squeezed gently,
saying, "You poor thing. All excited and you can't do anything about it,
can you?" Michael closed his eyes and remained silent, as he felt warm
blood fill his face in embarrassment. "Would you like Nursie to do
something about this?", she teasingly asked, squeezing again. Michael with
his eyes still closed shamelessly nodded affirmative. Michael forced his
eyes open as he felt Monica tightly wrap the blood pressure cuff around his
stiff cock several times to see a evil smile appear on her face. "This
usually gets rid of the problem. You know its too bad you're a nut case,
you're really cute enough to get my interest, but we have to be
professional, you know", she stated as she slowly pumped the bulb. Tighter
and tighter the cuff on his dick grew painfully forcing the blood from his
erection, as Monica continued to squeeze the bulb. Finally, Michael's
erection sagged as a dull pain filled his testicles. She left the cuff on
fully inflated for about five minutes while Michael drew his breath in
short deep gasps. Finally she released the pressure valve on the bulb
causing Michael to grunt and twist in the restraints as waves of pain
racked his groin. With the pressure released, Monica was able to easily
slid the cuff from his limp penis. "Now, I hope I don't find you like that
again", she said sternly as she flicked his the tip of his aching member
with her fingertip. "I can see Nurse Leasa knew what she was doing when she
kept you in restraint for the afternoon", she told him as she rearranged
his pants and strode from the room.




ENGAGED AND COMMITTED
CHAPTER FIVE



Some hours later, Michael tensed slightly in his restraints as he heard the
door open and Monica approached him. Her expression gave no advance warning
as she surprised Michael by suddenly grabbing his genitals and giving them
a hard squeeze and rough twist. "Just checking", she calmly stated, as
Michael writhed in discomfort. She continued in a rather satisfied tone,
"Nurse Leasa's going to be out for several hours, so I think I like you
just the way you are so you don't cause me any problems." At that point
Leasa's familiar voice preceded her into the room, "Monica, I'll be back in
a few hours to switch off with you." As Leasa entered the room, she
observed Michael still strapped to the cot, and added, "I guess we should
just plan on keeping the patient in the cuffs with periodic checks for the
evening." Michael was surprised to see her exquisitely made up and dressed
in a short tight slinky black stretch turtleneck sweater dress, wearing
four inch high heels and shimmering stockings. Monica glancing an innocent
smile at Michael, responded sweetly, "Oh, I don't think he needs to be kept
down any more. I was just getting ready to let him release himself. You
just go on and enjoy your evening." "I don't know if I'm comfortable with
him up without any control while I'm gone", responded Leasa. "Wait just a
minute, I've got an idea", Leasa then stated, leaving the room. Michael
could hear the echo of her high heels clicking down the corridor and grow
faint. A minute or so later the clicking signaled her return. When she
entered the room again Michael noticed under her arm she had a clear
plastic package containing a white fabric bundle. "When Susan gets here,
you can try out one of these new camisoles and put him in the seclusion
room. The last night we tried in four point he didn't seem to get much
rest. He'll probably be more comfortable that way." "O.K.", Monica agreed
taking the package, "Now get out of here and don't drive too many men
crazy. You really look good.", she laughed. Leasa turned to leave and said,
"Michael, I'll be back to check on you tonight." Then she left, her high
heels sounding down the hall.
"Well, so now we've got to move you this evening, and see that you're
comfy," complained Monica. She tore open the package and extracted the
"camisole", which appeared to be a straitjacket, except this restraint was
made of shiny heavy girdle weight lycra spandex. It closed with lacing down
the back, and had a piece of nylon webbing forming a loop on the chest to
pass the arms through. It ended with crotch strap arrangement that could be
adjusted in a Y like configuration to pass through the crotch around each
side of the scrotum and continue up between the buttocks to fasten in the
rear. Monica laid the restraint jacket aside, and sat on the edge of the
bed looking at Michael. "We'll try on your new jacket later", she said with
a little grin. Then she continued in a conversational tone, "It looked like
Leasa had a hot time planned tonight. I saw the way you were looking at
her. You'd really like to fuck her wouldn't you? I can tell.", as she
fondled his penis which had become erect. "Well, you'll find that any sex
around here is strictly controlled by the nursing staff. But I do have a
little game for horny boys we can play to pass the time. It's called 'Nurse
says', sorta like 'Simon says'."
She pulled down his pants to reveal his stiffened shaft and released his
left wrist from the restraint cuff and said, "Now, Nurse says show me how
you masturbate." Michael laid there silently refusing the command. Monica
extracted a stun prod from her pocket "popping" it once to show the blue
electric arc and pushed it firmly against Michael's scrotum. "Nurse says
wank off for me, you pathetic little prick, or you'll get more stimulation
than you'll ever want", she threatened with an evil leer. Michael lost no
time in grasping his penis and began enthusiastically tugging. "Nurse says
open your eyes and look at me, and don't stop.", she ordered. Michael
opened his eyes to observe Monica unbutton her blouse revealing a very
sheer bra showing her large erect nipples. She began to massage her breasts
and play with the engorged tips. Michael had forgotten the absurdity of his
present situation as he watched the lewd display and worked himself to the
brink of climax. "Nurse says STOP!", the order was shouted as she seized
his arm and returned his wrist to the confines of the restraint cuff. She
then grabbed his balls and pulled them downward, eliciting and painful howl
from Michael. The nurses expert hands then tied a length of rubber tubing
around Michael's aching nuts which was then tied off to the waistbelt strap
securing him to the cot, causing a continuous constriction and downward tug
of his delicate scrotum.
Beads of sweat popped out on Michael' forehead as the nurse leaned forward
and forced a large foam sponge into his mouth which she secured with
adhesive tape to silence his moans of pain. She then took a length of
somewhat heavier surgical tubing, doubled it over to form a short whip and
began lightly swatting Michael's captive testicles and engorged prick. "I
warned you about letting me find you again with an erection," she said
loudly as she slowly but steadily increased the force with which she
slapped at his sensitive balls with the rubber quirt. Each swing of the
tubing shot a red hot bolt of agony through Michael's body as he bucked
furiously in his restraints. Finally the sadistic nurse relented and the
sharp jolts of pain stopped and she calmly walked from the room, allowing
Michael to lay there panting through the gag, soaked in sweat, his nuts
aching. Several minutes later, Monica returned and release the rubber
tubing from his balls and ripped the tape from his mouth removing the
saliva soaked sponge. "I hope I've made my point with you now", she said as
she pulled up his pants to cover his limp punished genitals. Monica then
released the strap holding Michael's head to the cot and removed the foam
positioning blocks. The Nurse then left the room slamming and locking the
heavy steel door, leaving Michael alone with no escape from the painful
throbbing slowly ebbing from his balls.

The next time the door opened, Susan appeared in the doorway cheerfully
greeting him, "Good evening, Michael. We're going to get you up and moved
to another room. I know you're probably tired of just lying in here like
this." Picking up the camisole straitjacket and examining it, she
continued, "These are brand new. I think it'll will be a lot more,--er,
well lighter, and as comfortable as something like this can be for a
patient." As Susan moved to release his cot restraints, Monica entered the
doorway, leaning leisurely against the frame slowly fondling a stun prod in
her right hand, as coolly as an old west gunfighter stroking his six gun.
Monica released his wrists from the cuffs, loosened the waist belt
restraint and helped him sit up. Then she brought the camisole over and
helped him slip into its slick, shiny confines. With the back lacing
loosely tied it slid over his head and around him like a sweat shirt.
Michael found the new restraint to be much lighter than the canvas version,
however, it became equally restrictive as it was laced tightly about him
and the stretchy sleeves were passed through the chest loop and secured
behind him. He could gain a little movement through his arms with much
effort, but the stretchy spandex always returned his arms to their original
position. He also noticed that this straitjacket had access zippers
positioned diagonally across each side of the chest over his nipples, as
Susan worked one of the zippers open and closed, "These sure are handy, to
be able attach monitors and electrodes without having to remove the
restraint." "Uh, huh", nodded Monica, who then came over and helped Michael
to his feet after Susan removed the ankle cuffs.
With that they returned Michael to the padded cell and provided him with a
small foam pillow and a light blanket. As the door to the seclusion room
was locked shut, Michael was left alone and tried to sleep, but was unable.
An hour or so later, Monica's voice came over the speaker, "Get in position
so I can come in." Michael worked his way up to his knees and crawled to
the middle of the room and waited.

Monica entered the room and checked the adjustment of his restraint
camisole cinching all the straps a little tighter. "I don't know about
these", she said, "seems like there is to much give to them to be
effective." Then she provided him with a squeeze bottle of water to drink
from and offered him a large white pill. "This will help you sleep, so I
don't have to check on you constantly." She held it up to his lips but
Michael refused to take it. "O.K., don't want to take it, huh?" She put the
pill back in her pocket and then withdrew a large hypodermic syringe.
Michael cringed as she forced him on his stomach and pulled back his pant
waist and stuck the needle in his hip. Michael panicked by what was
happening, but remained silent.
After withdrawing the needle, Monica roughly massaged the injection site,
pulled his waist band back up and left the room. Several minutes later, as
Michael laid there worrying about what he'd been drugged with, Monica's
voice returned over the speaker, "In case you're curious, the shot was only
sterile water. You'll be getting a mandatory medication prescription soon,
and I thought you should learn about your options before we start the real
thing. Have a nice evening."

As Michael had eventually expected, some hours later the door to the padded
cell swung open to admit Leasa, still dressed in her provocative evening
street attire. She was carrying her gym bag which she placed her heels
inside, as she padded across the foam floor towards him. Michael sat up and
Leasa knelt beside him. She kissed him on the lips and asked, "Michael, do
you feel sufficiently recovered to enjoy your reward?" He nodded and
volunteered, "Look, I can't take anymore of this. I'll beg--I am begging
you, please Leasa, if that's what it takes to get me out of this thing." He
sighed in relief when she turned him around and released the crotch strap
of his straitjacket and slipped off his pants. She said, "I was hoping I
would find you a little more appreciative the lighter restraint I ordered
for you, Michael". She then stood and slipped off her dress to reveal a
matching bra, thong panty and suspender belt set holding her sheer
stockings, all of shiny black lycra. She questioned him as she unrolled her
panties, "Tell me what you want to do when I release you." Michael
believing she had dropped her "stern bondage nurse" character, eagerly
responded, "I'm going to fuck your brains out like you won't believe baby."
With that Leasa approached just close enough for him to tongue her curly
blonde sex. Michael made some tentative licking attempts and said, "Come on
Leasa, hurry up and let me loose!" Leasa suddenly grabbed his face and
buried it deeply in her crotch, holding him there for several seconds. Then
she pushed him roughly face down on the mat and sat across his back. Taking
her panties she rolled them into a ball and thrust them into Michael's
mouth and secured them with a length of rubber bandage. She stood up
keeping Michael pinned with one foot in the small of his back. She quickly
grabbed her gym bag, and extracted a seven inch long strap on dildo which
she fastened about her waist. She then pulled out a pair of padded leather
cuffs and wrapped them around Michael's ankles as he struggled to crawl
away. She dragged him back across the foam floor and fastened the connector
straps from the ankle cuffs to fabric loops sewn on the floor matting about
four feet apart, stretching his legs wide. She then pulled him to his knees
and secured the loose crotch strap hanging from the front of the stretchy
straitjacket to another loop on the floor midway between the other two
loops. She then strutted around Michael, the dildo swaying lewdly from her
hips, and said, "I think you're still too aggressive to be released. You're
begging is not sincere enough yet, so I think some reverse psychology is in
order and I'll be happy to administer it."
The chest access zips on the jacket were opened and he winced as small
suction cups were squeezed onto each of his tender nipples. She then knelt
behind him and placed the lubricated tip of the dildo at the opening of his
anus. "I'm listening", she said as she eased the tip of the dildo past his
sphincter and slowly plunged the thick rubber cock into his rectum. Michael
pulled hard against his restraints, but she had him so arranged where he
could not pull away. She leaned forward forcing his head down and hips
high, mashing his face in the spongy foam floor. Michael moaned loudly into
his panty gag and began begging muffled pleas in earnest as she began to
work the thick rubber cock into his ass. "Pleeath! Pleeath! Leeatha, I
beggth yoouth! Pleeeath, Leeatha!", he cried through the spandex gag. The
clit stimulator attached to the inside of the harness had Leasa hot now,
and she continued her assault, thrusting deeply into Michael's backside
until she reached a long powerful climax and rested against him shuddering.
Finally she slipped free of the harness straps leaving the thick dildo
impaled in his rectum. She reached in her bag and removed a thick latex
condom and stretched it over his throbbing member. "We don't want you to
make a mess of your padded cell, now do we?" Then she began pulling at the
straps of the dildo still in his ass like little reins and slowly pulling
and squeezing his penis as if milking a cow. After a few short strokes,
Michael exploded with a load moan, in a mind searing white hot orgasm of
his own, filling the condom to near overflowing.
Leasa removed dildo and nipple suction cups and closed the zips on the
straitjacket. She then carefully removed the full condom and cleaned his
penis with a cool alcohol wipe. Leasa then released the crotchstrap from
the floor loop and the ankle cuffs allowing him to sprawl forward on the
cushioned floor. Finally she removed her sodden panties from the dazed
Michael's mouth and replaced his scrub pants and re-secured the crotch
strap on the straitjacket. She leaned forward and whispered in his ear,
"Well, was it worth all I put you through--did it live up to your
fantasies." He nodded his tired head affirmatively. "Good", she continued
as she kissed him. "All the other patients and staff have gone now, so we
can go home too if you want. But I'm going to leave you here for a little
bit to savor while I clean up. When I get back we can discuss our future
relationship."
With that she gathered her things in her arms and left Michael alone in the
padded cell. She didn't return right away and Michael lapsed off into deep
sleep despite his bindings.

Michael was suprised to awaken and still find himself alone and bound in
the cell. Then to his considerable relief the door finally opened, but to
his amazement, pretty young Susan entered the cell.
She spoke to him, "Good morning Michael. Nurse Leasa got tied up last night
after Nurse Monica left, so I volunteered to come take care of you." She
assisted him from the confines of the foam cell and lap belted him into a
wheel chair and gently wheeled him down to the nurses station and sat
across from him. She then looked at him with a serious face and asked
sternly, "So Michael, would you like to tell me what's been going on these
last few days?" Michael shrugged his shoulders and said nothing. "Michael,
in looking at your chart, I see that your 72 hour court ordered evaluation
was changed to voluntary admission. You know we can keep you here for three
more days, even if you tell me you want to leave right now, so you might
want to consider answering my questions." Still no response from Michael.
She continued, "Michael, we scheduled some hydrotherapy for this morning.
Leasa is downstairs right now." Michael's mind began to race wildly as he
now deduced that Leasa had somehow recruited these willing assistants to
assist in his torment, and of what he might be forced to endure in another
session in the hydro suite.

Susan smiled quietly at Michael's panicked look and as she flipped a nearby
video monitor on, said "I don't think you understand what I've been telling
you--here take a look!" Michael stared at the monitor in silent amazement
and took several long seconds to absorb the scene as the camera slowly
zoomed in close up.

Leasa was fairly surging with powerful energy and delight after the climax
of the games she and Michael had played out, as she approached the nurses
lounge. She was still clad only in her stockings, suspender belt and bra
and felt goosebumps forming from the cool air as she entered the room and
fumbled for the light. She was totally unprepared as strong arms grabbed
her from behind and held her tightly as the hypodermic needle slid expertly
into her arm.




ENGAGED AND COMMITTED
CHAPTER SIX

Sometime later Leasa awoke groggily in dim light and batted her eyes
several times to clear her vision. She then realized that she was stark
naked and her wrists and ankles were loosely restrained to the corners of
the table upon which she was resting. "What in the hell is this?", she
thought and then repeated out load in a bellow, as she struggled against
the leather restraint cuffs holding her to the table. Just then Susan
switched the lights in the hydro suite to their full intensity as she
entered the room. "Susan, thank god! Get me out of these", Leasa ordered.

Leasa then realized that something was very wrong as she saw Monica slowly
following Susan into the room and noticed that both were appropriately
attired, in their nurse's black spandex tank leotard suits, as if for a
session in the hydrotherapy suite. "What's going on here?!", Leasa demanded
apprehensively as they approached her.

Susan silently began tightening the restraint cuff connectors pulling Leasa
into a taut spread eagle position on the table as Monica at last responded,
"I'm glad to see you're finally awake. We've got some things to discuss."
Leasa now had a rough idea of what had happened to her. "Damn it, where's
Michael?", she demanded. "He's not a real patient, you know. He's my
fiancee. We, uh, we were just playing some games, you know. You can't do
anything to him.", she slowly continued in embarrassment. "You don't need
to worry about the patient. He's being taken care of", Monica answered as
she tugged the last strap tight. "O.K., a jokes a joke, and this one's on
me, now just let me up you guys", Leasa pleaded anxiously to Monica. "Sorry
Leasa, you're in no position to give orders right now.", teased Monica.
Leasa scanned the room noticing that Susan had disappeared, as Monica
continued in a calm clinical voice, "I'd like to start by having you detail
your interests and experience with sexual dominance and submission for me."

Leasa looked at Monica incredulously and replied, "Monica, this is crazy.
Now let me up. I've need to check on Michael. You can't keep me, um, us
here against our will, you know that." "No, Leasa, its not crazy. What's
crazy is risking your career and professional license abusing patients,
falsifying records, and such." "Look Monica, I told you this is just a game
between my fiancee and me." Monica retorted, "While what you say is true,
it doesn't diminish the fact that you've turned a psychiatric hospital
facility into a personal kinky sex parlor. I want you to think about how
the official reports of this are going to sound and how you're going to
explain this to the Trust." "You won't, you couldn't report this, you just
can't," Leasa wailed as Monica's words sank in. But Monica merely smiled at
her, "No, we won't be reporting anything. We'll just handle this situation
privately."

Directing her voice to the door Monica continued, "And how is our other
patient Susan?" "He's awake and resting quietly in seclusion just like she
left him," responded the pretty young nurse. Leasa was aghast to see Susan
approaching carrying a shiny electric blue colored hydrosuit folded over
her arm. "WHAT is that for?", Leasa demanded anxiously as the nurse came
closer. "We'll get to that later, but first I still need some answers to my
questions. We're required to interview any new member before they can be
admitted to our group," Monica firmly advised. "Look, I don't know what you
are talking about, you'd just better let me go," pleaded Leasa. "Leasa,
there is a small group in this area, rather exclusive, just for women who
share your, ah, interests. Dominance to be exact.", smiled Monica. "No",
thought Leasa to herself, blinking hard and then voiced, "You mean that you
and Susan are, uh, are dominatrixes?" It sounded so ridiculous spoken out
loud thought Leasa. "Well, I'm a full member of the group. Have been for a
year or so. Susan has been admitted as an 'observer' at this point, since
she still hasn't undergone initiation," Monica softly explained. Susan
blushed and looked down as Monica continued, "I guess normally after we
found out you were interested, we would have discussed it over coffee or
something, but, this has all happened so spontaneously, it seemed like we
shouldn't waste the opportunity."

"What, uh, what are you going to do with me?", questioned Leasa anxiously.
"Well, technically, since we have the benefit of your indiscretions
recorded for posterity, we are going to, or rather you are going to do
whatever we want.", answered Monica. "Susan will explain." "I kept finding
cameras on the lower level locked out and so I decided to come back and
check the other night. I was surprised to find the camera down here locked
out, but when I re-cabled the circuit, but I was really surprised to see
you and the new patient down here in the hydro suite trying out the
equipment," Susan explained. "And its on tape," interrupted Monica. Leasa
paled at the revelation, "O.K., you win. What do you want?"
"Good, you're beginning to get the idea", continued Monica, "Actually its
quite simple. We will administer your initiation to you and be witness to
it for admission to the group." Leasa felt her stomach knot with tension as
she heard Monica's next sentence. "The initiation is your chance to
experience the other side of dominance", the nurse laughed wickedly looking
at her watch, "let's just begin and we'll save your interview for later."

Leasa lay in stunned silence as Monica began to unzip the length of the
shiny blue wetsuit garment and spoke. "To start with, we just happened to
talk with Lynn from the hydrosuit company the other day. She suggested that
all the nurses should take a turn in the new suit for the sake of training,
and we've decided to help you set a good example by going first!"

It took several long minutes of steady work for Susan and Monica to force
Leasa's resisting limbs into the confines of the foam padded wetsuit, since
they could only release one limb at a time from the cuffs, as she
alternatively struggled, pleaded and cursed her captors. But in the end the
two nurses overcame the resisting subject and had her fully zipped in
except for the hood. As Monica liberally greased the fat anal plug device,
Leasa's futile struggles and sharp protests gave way to frantic sobbing.
Susan lifted Leasa's bottom from the stretcher while Monica slowly inserted
the thick probing invader. She adjusted the suits padding in the crotch and
crack of her cheeks, amid Leasa's pleading which ended in a loud groan and
Leasa began bucking against the table in the suit, trying to evade the
thick probe. Small tears continued to stream down Leasa's checks as her
dread of having the suit hood sealed over her face and head, grew into
renewed frantic struggles as Monica finished her preparations.
Leasa fought to compose herself as she laid tightly outstretched in the
padded rubber suit. She knew she had to get a grip if she was to survive
what her nurses were intending. Leasa concentrated on her breathing to
relax. She forced herself to take slow deep breaths as she focused her eyes
on a point on the ceiling and felt herself growing somewhat calmer and her
heaving chest slowed its pace. Her focus was interrupted, by the sight of
Monica's hand bringing the rubber gag plug to her mouth.
Michael's eyes were glued to the monitor as the scene showed Monica firmly
pinch a surprised Leasa's nose shut until she gasped for breath allowing
Monica to force the rubber gag in. Leasa's eyes grew as big as saucers as
the small hood of the breathing device was sealed over her nose.
Michael watched in wonder as Leasa thrashed about in the tight rubber suit,
as the ear plugs were inserted and he captured in his mind the frantic
pleading look of Leasa's eyes before the sticky eyepads were pushed into
place. Michael continued to watch for several seconds as Leasa's thrashing
body finally quieted and her breathing slowed into a regular rhythm.
Michael looked up in surprise as Susan abruptly clicked the screen off. "I
thought you might be interested in seeing the tape of Leasa getting ready
for her session. She's been in the tank for about two hours now. Why don't
we go down and check on her?", she said, as she began wheeling him to the
elevator.
Leasa waited with dread anticipation for the nurse to close the confining
hood over her head. Several minutes passed and little rays of hope began to
rise within her that her nurses were just going to tease her with the
preparations, since neither had yet trained in actual use of the suit.
Unable to see or hear, she was spared the shock of seeing the Hydrosuit
sales rep, Lynn, enter the room with Susan. Susan said in introduction,
"Lynn, this is Monica and," pointing to Leasa's outstretched form, "you
already know Leasa." Lynn and Monica exchanged greetings, and Lynn
continued observing Leasa's bound body, "I see that you've jumped right in
while you were waiting. I'm sorry I'm running late. And I'm really
surprised, but pleased to see that Leasa is our training subject. I didn't
think she would ever get into a suit again voluntarily -- she didn't seem
to care for it much when she was at our facility for the sales
demonstration. She became quite apprehensive when I had her zipped in
before." Lynn inspected the two nurse's preparations of Leasa more closely
and asked several questions including, "And is she completely nude in the
suit? That's important for the patient to fully experience the benefit of
the hydrosuit's therapy options." The two trainees smiled affirmatively.
"Good." Lynn raised an eyebrow when she observed that the rectal
temperature probe was registering on the console and noted that the nurses
had selected the nasal breathing aid and mouth gag instead of the mouth
breathing tube, "Leasa must really be more of a trooper than I had thought,
to go along with all the Level C options.," She then explained to the
nurses that as a general rule, the temperature probe, as a hypothermia
safeguard, and nasal breathing device, to better control air supply, were
required only for severe behavior modification therapy sessions and when
the extreme temperature ranges were to be used or for extended sessions for
the patient. "If you ever need to control a really unruly or defiant
patient, you will find that a few hours of Level C therapy will make them
really pliable." Finally, Lynn helped Susan zip Leasa's head fully into the
hood and directed the nurses as they lowered her into the tank. Lynn had
the nurses leave Leasa's rubber bound form in the face up position and
slipped her clothes off revealing a skimpy black bikini covering her
statuesque figure, and then eased into the tank with Leasa, who had begun
to pull at her bindings somewhat. "Monitor her breathing," Lynn instructed,
"She began to hyperventilate with me before." Leasa's breathing though more
rapid remained regular as she fought to stave off panic. Leasa groaned
deeply into her gag as she felt her body being more fully stretched. Her
feet were forced into an unnaturally straight pointed position. Lynn
explained, "If you are going to use Level C therapy, you would want to
place the feet in an en pointe position like this, and secure all
connections as much as possible to more fully limit movement," tugging the
foot straps very tight. "Now, if our lovely patient behaves well enough
after all this, we might treat her to a little reward before I leave," Lynn
remarked with a wicked grin to the nurses who exchanged quizzical glances.
Lynn then explained the console and controls to the nurses. After outlining
the manual control operation, Lynn showed the nurses the computer operation
for automatic cycling and even how a session could be recorded for later
evaluation or re-use. She then began the demonstration, speaking softly to
Leasa through the earphones.
Leasa had surprised herself in maintaining her composure as the suit's hood
was sealed over her head and she felt her body slowly lowered into the
water. However, she was unprepared when the earphones crackled on and she
heard the soft female voice, "Leasa, hi this is Lynn. Sorry to have kept
you waiting so long." As she felt warm water begin to pulse over her body,
the pretty blonde's voice continued in her head, "I'm so glad to see you
decided to give this another try. You seem to be taking it much better
today. I'm going to just give your colleagues a short intro on the manual
controls and then show them some of the automatic settings." Leasa steeled
herself to maintain control with the thought that as long as Lynn was in
control nothing severe would happen.
The suit continued to warm about her and the pulsing of the water jets
gently increased as Leasa continued to float suspended in the padded suit.
She found herself relaxing to the tempo of the water jets and thought to
her surprise that this really was kind of enjoyable, as soft music began to
play over her earphones. Several minutes later, Lynn's voice entered her
head again, "You're doing super Leasa. Now hang in there while we run a few
cycles on automatic." The suit began to gradually chill about her and Leasa
felt her hard nipples press into the foam lining the tips of the suit's
rubber breast cones. She overheard Lynn speaking to the nurses, "As you can
see, gradual cooling of the patient produces an upward correlation of air
intake as the metabolism fights the suit." The suit then contracted
compressing tightly around her causing her to struggle to breath, and she
began to pull and struggle against the foam padded cocoon holding her. "Now
just stay with it Leasa, it'll cycle again in a few minutes," came Lynn's
soft reassurance. Finally the negative pressure was released and Leasa
began to relax again, able to breathe easier. Lynn continued to speak to
her encouragingly, "You've been a great patient Leasa. We're almost done."
But she couldn't hear the grinning blonde's comment to the nurses, "Now for
a little surprise."
The automatic cycle stopped and Leasa rested silently for several seconds.
Then to her shock the water suddenly flowed very cold and numbed her as she
began to struggle violently, moaning in the gag. She tried to hold her
breath to signal a stop, but the need for oxygen prevented her. Slowly the
suit began to warm and she felt gentle pulsing over her vagina, rectum and
at her nipples. Unseen above, Lynn worked the manual controls with expert
precision as Susan and Monica looked on curiously. The pulsing continued
and Leasa felt herself beginning to fill with horny excitement. Then the
rubber cones and the water jets over her genitals and ass began to
alternately suck and pulse warm vibrating jets of warm water causing Leasa
to writhe with shameless pleasure in the suit. Finally the water jets at
her clit and anus came as rapid hot little jackhammer blows and the padded
cones containing her sensitive breasts sucked hungrily at her erect
nipples. The intensity of the suit's stimulations steadily, relentlessly
increased, and finally Leasa was unable to hold back and found herself
propelled beyond the edge to a tremendous climax over which she had no
control. Barely able to wriggle in the padded rubber bodysuit, Leasa
screamed into her rubber gag as she felt herself overwhelmed by the sexual
release. Her powerful orgasm spread from its epicenter in her pelvis
causing her to shake and shudder violently in the rubber suit, until at
last she succumbed to its tight padded grip again. Then she floated for a
long time in a soft, warm, quiet relaxed state feeling a tremendous warm
afterglow effect.

Standing over the tank the two nurses exchanged grins with one another and
Lynn, who said happily, "Now when she comes out, it would be polite to act
as if you didn't notice that. The hydrosuit is designed to be a very
private environment and Leasa, as any patient, may be embarrassed to be
reminded that the hydro nurse has been watching or perhaps controlling
(giggle) their responses." Lynn quickly slipped on her clothes and said,
"Well, I've got to run. I guess you can get her out on your own. I, uh,
recorded the last part of the session on the computer here, in case you,
uh, someone wants to try it again!" she smiled, as Susan escorted her from
the room.
After Lynn had left the hospital, the two nurses huddled over the console
and re-dialed the various controls and keyed the computer to its automatic
cycle menu. Susan looked to Monica who nodded and keyed past Level A and B,
scrolled through the Level C warning and set the timer for an additional
ninety minutes. Monica picked up the microphone and addressed Leasa.
"Leasa, Lynn had to leave, but don't worry, Susan and I are still here.
What do you think, Susan should we get her out now?" Susan spoke so Leasa
could hear, "Well, it would be a shame to stop just when she's enjoying
herself. We wouldn't want to disappoint her." With that Leasa began to
struggle, and screamed into the gag again as the blast of ice cold water
swept over her tightly confined body. Amid the cold induced convulsions,
her last coherent thought was, "How had Michael endured this?", before her
struggles quieted to mild involuntary muscle twitches and she grew dizzy as
her air supply was metered down. For what seemed like hours the unremitting
machine cycled again and again, first warming the poor nurse to an
uncomfortably hot level, then pummeling her with the water jets and
suffocating her with the suits tight grip. But always, eventually, the cold
icy water returned to sap her energy. What had she done to deserve this?
But she knew and that made the waiting periods between cycles unbearable.
Then as Leasa's mind registered that it had been unusually long since her
last torture sequence a shrill screeching static filled her head. "Oh no,
not the white noise!", she mentally pleaded. Then she felt herself being
rotated over face down and a new wave of panic swept over her.
When Susan wheeled Michael into the hydro suite, Michael closely examined
the captive submerged face up in the tank. The padded rubber suit enclosing
Leasa was very similar to the one he'd been placed in, except it was
obviously cut for the female form. He noticed that Leasa's suit had
exaggerated cones on the chest holding each of her supple breasts, and a
small black hose fit into the connector located at over each nipple. The
hardware and plumbing adorning each breast tip undulated obscenely as the
rubber suited figure's chest heaved with each respiration. Monica was at
the console monitoring the figure in the tank. "I just started the white
noise," she quietly informed Susan. The two nurses then rotated poor Leasa
and Michael could see the water in the tank begin to fairly churn as the
victim struggled valiantly against the rubber
Restraint suit. Monica then announced,"I've added Lynn's saved sub-routine,
except the last 30 seconds or so, to begin repeating for the remaining
time, and I've set an interval in the sub-routine with a two minute plunge
and hold to 38 degrees." The two nurses left Michael strapped securely in
the wheel chair at the side of the tank and retreated from his view. As
Michael continued to watch the next half-hour or so in quiet awe, he
couldn't have imagined a body putting forth the physical effort he saw
displayed in the tank. The tightly restrained female rubber figure below
the surface would slowly begin to writhe to an furious level and then
suddenly spasm and convulse violently as the icy water hit it. Michael
wondered if the restraint straps on the punishment suit would continue to
hold up to the great stress exerted by his nurse now turned victim. Finally
the machine stopped leaving Leasa to jerk and twitch uncontrollably for
several minutes as Monica wheeled him from the room and returned him to his
padded cell.
"Now don't worry Michael. She'll be fine after a few hours rest. Then we
have something special planned for you."
Leasa was too weak to resist or even speak a protest as the two nurses
unpacked her from her padded rubber confinement and tightly laced her nude
body into canvas straitjacket, strapping her arms into a tight self hugging
position. Susan then quickly dried and lightly fluffed the captive nurse's
hair leaving the damp mess of blonde hair hanging loosely over Leasa's
pretty face. They then strapped her face down on a gurney which they
silently wheeled to the seclusion section and deposited her in the padded
cell opposite Michael's. Before leaving the cell, Monica placed a large
foam sponge between Leasa's legs and cinched the crotch strap arrangement
tight holding it firmly in place. "We wouldn't want to have you
accidentally stimulate yourself while your supposed to be resting, would
we?", she said pushing her fingers hard through the foam pad to press on
Leasa's clit which elicited a low moan from the dazed nurse. Leasa lay
silently on the spongy floor to tired to struggle against the canvas
straitjacket which she knew was quite inescapable and tried to organize her
brain and her first thought was of Michael. What had her nurses done, or
were they doing to him she wondered. But to exhausted to ponder the matter
further she drifted off into a gentle slumber.

* * * * THE END OR IS IT? * * * *




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Unknown


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





